YOLJME LXXXIH.-NO. 103.
THE SIGNS OF WAR
GROW MORE OMINOUS
SPAIN WILL
NOT ACCEPT
RESPONSIBILITY
President Knew on Sunday
Hostilities Were Almost
Inevitable.
Madrid Is Fitting Out Privateers,
Germany Protests Friend- .
ship and England Is
Effusive.
NEW YORK. March 12.—
The Herald's correspondent
at Washington telegraphs:
Gravely apprehensive over
the impending crisis in our
relations with Spain, Presi
dent McKinley is coolly and
deliberately weighing every
phase of the situation before
making any move or any pub
lic declarations as to his in
tentions.
That his action when taken
may meet with the approval
of the nation, and of the
ta* President desires
to be relieved of any suspi
cion of prematurely forming
a decision.
While mere is ample evidence of
an unofficial character already in the
hands of the authorities to make it
conclusive in their minds that the
Maine was blown up from the out
side, the President will refrain from
making any public statement as to
the cause of the disaster until all the
papers are before him.
This is in strong contrast to the
course of Captain Peral, chairman of
the Spanish Court of Inquiry, who, in
an authorized interview published
this morning, goes into great de
tails to show that the Maine was
blown up from the inside, and in do
ing this anticipates the finding of the
court where he presides.
There has been much comment
here to-day on the extraordinary
character of Captain Peral's action in
making a public declaration in ad
vance of the official report. The ap
pearance of this interview simultane
ously with the publication of a
speech made by Senor Moret in
Madrid, and with an interview given
out by Minister Polo in Washington
last night is believed in some quar
ters here to signify a deliberate ef
fort on the part of the Spanish au
thoiities to influence public opinion
in favor of the accident theory of ex
plosion in advance of the publication
of the report of the American Court
cf Inquiry
No weight whatever will be at
tarhed to the Sp?nish repo-t by this
Goverr.ui-nt, anl when President Mc-
Kinley bpses his demand upon Spain
on the report of the Americ-iu court,
the Spanish Government in all prob
ability Will reply that the report of
its court shows an entirely uirferent
state cf affairs from that reported by
fhe American court. No om here be
lieves the Spanish court h?s made
anything like as thorough an inves
tigation as that made by th» Ameri
can court. This belief will tend to
still further discredit the report of
the Spanish ecurt in this country.
The two adverse reports will bring
the two countries face to face with
each other upon a very ugly question
involving national honor on both
sides, and one that will have to be
handled very delicately if a clash is
to be avoided.
The exact course the President
will pursue in submitting his de
mands upon Spain when the report
of the Court of Inquiry has been re
ceived will, of course, depend upon
the new conditions arising from day
to day. The most that can be said
now is that the blowing up of the
Maine and general Cuban question
are to be treated as kindred subjects.
President McKinley has kept his
head up to the present time, and in
spite of all clamor he will handle the
matter in a cool and deliberate wny
Fully realizing the .horrors of war
he is determined that if there is war
the responsibility for bringing it on
shall be with Spain and not with this |
country, , j
The San Francisco Call
Call Office, Biggs House,
Washington, March 12.
An evening paper prints to
night a statement purporting
to be "semi-official," denying
that the President or his ad
visers have received any offi
cial intimation as to what the
naval court's report will be.
It is admitted, however, that
the President and individual
members of the Cabinet have
their own opinions as to what
the board's report will show,
and that "it is thought that on
these mere expressions of be
lief have been founded stories
that the administration knows
of the findings."
Ths following dispatch is sent to
| the Philadelphia Press by its staff
1 correspondent, Mr. E. J. Gibson, who
I is considered one of the most reliable
| correspondents in Washington. He
j is known to stand well with Presi
! dent McKinley. Upon his return
i from Cuba, Mr. Gibson was invited
j to the White House and had a long
interview with the President. Mr.
; Gibson telegraphs his paper as fol
lows:
"It is certain that letters came to
I the President bringing information
! from members of the Court of In
quiry, and it was this ftiformation
that brought about the extraordinary
conferences on last Sunday and Mon
day, resulting in the fifty million
! dollar emergency appropriation. It
was not until the board had practi
cally closed its inquiry and had what
i is regarded as absolute proof that the
: Maine was blown up by a mine, that
| the information was transmitted to
I the President and Secretary Long as
!to what the board would report. A
! letter from one of the officers of the
board conveyed that information,
and there were also two other letters,
I conveying like information.
"The prompt and momentous ac
tion of the Government on the re
ceipt of such information is proof
, enough of its tremendous import
ance.
"The Maine was blown up by a
mine, and the Board of Inquiry will
report that the mine was placed in
the harbor by Spanish officials.
"Confirmation of the dispatch,
printed in the Press, to the effecc
that the Maine was blown up by a
j mine, and that it was this informa
| tion which led to the conferences
I Sunday and Monday and the emer
gency appropriation by Congress, |
came to the Press correspondent to- |
' night from a very high source. An
: intimate friend of the President from
; an Eastern State, who has been in
! consultation with him, said to-night
he had talked with the President on j
! this subject, and the President had
! intimated that the probability of set
; tling the controversy with Spain
I without war was remote.
"This gentleman was told by the
President that he had had in his pos
session for nearly a week full infor
mutton of the cause which led to j
I the disaster at Havana, and that the
j circumstances were such as to render
j a peaceful settlement very difficult. :
"The President said further, ac- I
I cording to this gentleman, that both
I the War and the Navy Departments :
I were actively engaged in work which
I was intended to anticipate the worst,
i and that, while he hoped for peace,
j if the honor of the nation were in- ;
; volved, as appeared to be the case, it ;
I might be difficult to avoid war.
"An intimate friend of the Presi
i dent, living in his own State, cx
i pressed the opinion to-night that so
| far as ha could see war was inevit
[ able." j
SAN FRANCISCO, , SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898-THIRTY-TWQ PAGES.
SPAIN IS PREPARING
FOR WAR ON COMMERCE
WITH LETTERS OF MARQUE
»
Even Now Buying Vessels to Fit Out as Privateers,
Which Can Be Done Because Neither
Nation Signed the Paris
Convention.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, March 12.— The
Temps has the following,
dated Madrid: "It is no
longer a secret that the ob
ject of the visit of Senor
Leon Castillo, Spanish Em
bassador to France, is to con
fer with foreign Ministers on
the conduct of the great
powers in regard to Spain in
the event of war with the
United States.
"The impression among Spanish
diplomatists generally is that all
the powers, in principle, are favor
able to the maintenance of Span
ish rule in Cuba and against its
independence — above all against
annexation or a protectorate on
the part of the United States. The
impression also is that England,
France and Russia will not go be
yond platonic demonstration or
friendly remonstrance with the
United States, whereas Austria
and Germany are disposed to go
further if Italy will consent, but
generally it is thought that a joint
expression of the European powers
will suffice to prevent American
aggression or intervention.
"In political circles it is not
thought Spain will allow herself
to be drawn into adherence to the
Triple Alliance, even to obtain
help on the Cuban question.
Nevertheless, the isolation of
Spain has rendered unpopular the
foreign policy which has kept her
from making European alliances
tor twenty-five years past."
The Temps also reproduced an
interview between Senor Mendez
de Vigo, Spanish Embassador at
Berlin, and the correspondent of
the Budapest Herlap. After as
serting that if the United States
did not encourage the insurgents
it allowed filibusters to leave
American ports, he adds: "It
might be even said that the United
States has already begun a block
ade of the Spanish ports, as at
Lisbon, where an American man
of-war has not been seen for years,
there are now two, and there are
four others in Spanish waters.
Spain will not abandon Cuba with
out resistance. True, she cannot
begin to wage war at sea, but be
Fort McPherson, Near Atlanta, Ga., Headquarters oF the Department of the Gulf.
ENGLAND AND AMERICA
MAY RULE THE WORLD
LONDON. March 12.— The St. James Gazette this afternoon, In an
editorial headed "Together With America." says :
The Cuban situation cannot be allowed to go on much longer. If
the Maine's destruction Is proved to have been due to an external ex
plosion it will then be shown that Spain cannot as much as keep order
in the harbor of the Cuban capital, and the United States will be jus
tified in refusing to tolerate such a condition of things any longer,
and In asking our moral support to bring it to an end. InChina.no
doubt, it is we who are chiefly concerned, but the United States has
genuine interests there, and they are identical with ours. We ask for
the open door and nothing else. Here, then, moral support may be
given for the moral support of the American Government.
It has every claim to insist upon making its voice heard. It
must needs have a seat at any conference on the Chinese question,
and we can calculate it will be found in agreement with ours.
It has hitherto been the ruling principle in American politics to
abstain from alliances with European powers, but the time for
alliances has come for the United States. They can no longer afford
to view the conflicts of the European powers as something remote
and no concern of theirs. It may be a fortunate thing for both that
this should be the case just when it is so very possible for England
and the United States to act together.
On our side there is every disposition, and we can claim to
have shown it in our acts. It is for them to take the next step.
They can now. by speaking a word in regard to China, make clear
to the world that the two Anglo-Saxon communities are prepared
to act together.
sides defense she has another
means at her disposal. She did
not sign the treaty of Paris in
1856 regarding the capture of mer
chant vessels in case of war. She
therefore has the right to strike a
terrible blow at American com
merce. She can arm her mer
chant ships, of which she has
ninety-six at Barcelona and Va
lencia, and which, with her tor
pedo-boats, would give valuable
assistance in the event of war."
It is known in diplomatic circles
that Senor Sandoval, the Spanish
military agent in Germany, Aus
tria and Scandinavia, who re
turned to Berlin on Wednesday
from a trip, after having made three
conditional purchases of coasting
steamers at Fiume and two at
Pola, with other Spanish represen
tatives, has been purchasing out
right or conditionally munitions
and vessels for use against Ameri
can trade. Senor Sandoval, in ad
dition to the purchases referred to
which are intended for the priva
teer service, has placed large or
ders with the Krupp Gun Compa
ny during the last six 'veeks, and
has also appointed a> sub-agent at
Trieste to see what he can pick
3ERMANVS DENIAL.
! BERLIN. March 12.— Ber
lin Foreign Office has instructed
the inspired press to; deny em
phatically, that Germany will aid
Spain in case of war with the
United States, and has aJso in
structed the' newspapers to point
outthat the United. States is an 1
excellent friend of Germany, and -\
that Spain, in the Caroline
squabble, has repeatedly shown
unfriendliness to Germany. "
' +■*■++■•■<■ + +■■*■+■■•■+■ ■*■■».+.
up. The Spanish agent is now at
Hamburg or Stettin negotiating for
several cannon and torpedo-boats
built partly for China and partly
on speculation by the Vulcan
yards. He intends to visit the
Schichau yards and the yards at
Elb;ng for the same purpose.
The German press this week
has given utterance to the unani
mous conviction that a war be
tween the United States and Spain
is probable, although it is believed
here thatthe latter country will do
everything to avoid it.
In diplomatic circles it is said
Continued on S«cond Pare.
HAVANA HARBOR
DEEPENED BY
THE EXPLOSION
The Last Find of the Divers
Points More Strongly Than
Ever to an Atrocious
Crime.
Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 12.— At the
point where the explosive force
that wrecked the Maine is be
iieved to have been primarily
exerted there is at present a
depth of water of- nearly forty
seven feet. This important fact
I \earned to-day from a source
the accuracy of which cannot be
doubted.
The significance of this dis
covery is great. The Maine, as
she lay at her moorings, drew
not more than twenty-eight or
at most twenty-nine feet amid
ships. It was well-known that
she had not more than ten feet
of water under her bottom. This
would show that the total aver
age depth of water at the point
where the Maine was anchored
was not exceeding thirty-eight
or thirty-nine feet.
Now it is found that at every point
where the bottom plates were forced up
through the other wreckage to a height
of twenty-nine feet above .their normal
position, there is a hole scooped out in
the bottom of the harbor to a depth of
from eight to ten feet below its average
level.
That this depression was originally
much greater will readily be understood
when the action of the tides on the soft
mud of the harbor's bottom and the con
sequent tendency toward filling in to a
normal depth is taken into considera
tion. This filling in process has been
going on for more than three weeks, yet
at the point mentioned there is still
found by the divers a depth of forty
seven feet prevailing through a limited
area.
What caused this depression that still
survives the action of the tides on the
muddy bottom? That is the question
divers and experts are asking. The dis
covery is generally regarded as one
more piece of evidence that the explo
sive force primarily acting on the Maine
was exerted from under the bottom and
not from within her frame. I talked last
night with a naval officer. He is an ex
pert in explosives, and one who has ex
cellent opportunities for knowing just
what the Maine investigation has de
veloped to date. He is perfectly familiar
with the construction and action of all
types of torpedoes and mines. What he
told me appears to riddle completely the
statements yesterday made by Captain
Peral, president of the Spanish Court of
Inquiry. Captain Peral is undoubtedly
sincere in all he has said. His personal
belief in the accuracy of his deductions
is not questioned. But his facilities for
learning the truth have been so inferior
to those enjoyed by American naval ex
perts through the work of their own
divers as to seriously discount his con
clusions.
Captain Peral says the Spanish divers
find no evidences whatever of any ex
terior explosion. It should be under
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TREACHERY
WRECKED
THE MAINE.
NEW YORK, March 12.— What
is regarded in army and navy
circles as a most important edi
torial article appeared in yes
terday's issue of the Army and
Navy Register. It is as follows:
THE SITUATION.
The Register is in possession of
information, the correctness of
which I have no reason to question
in the least, that certain evidence
gathered by the Court of Inquiry
at Havana has come in semi-official
form to the President from two
prominent members of the board.
The information has been in- the
hands- of the President since Sun
day and has served as the occasion
for unusual activity during the
present week.
The information is to the effect
that the M*ine was destroyed
by a Government submarine mine
planted in Havana harbor and de
liberately exploded. More than
this, it appears that the Maine was
purposely moored in the vicinity of
the mine and that the explosion
occurred at a moment when the
ship had been opportunely carried
by wind and tide directly over the
mipe.
These facts have been hinted at
and written about in dispatches
from Havana, Madrid and Wash
ington and among the varied state
ments made the actual conditions
have been touched upon, but noth
ing authoritative has been per
mitted to escape from the court.
That body is understood to have
completed its work, but nothing
is likely to be officially promul
gated in regard to its findings for
a week or more.
There can be but one outcome of
such a report, and preparations for
the inevitable result are being in
dustriously and indefatigably pros
ecuted. The work of the week
shows that the Government at
Washington appreciates the situa
tion and will be ready to meet what
has now ceased to be a mere emer
gency.
stood, however, that the Spanish divers
have not at any time been permitted to
work inside the ship's structure, and
their operations outside have been re
stricted to her starboard side exclusive
ly. The wrecking barge Sharp lies
moored close along the port side of the
wreck and there only American divers
are permitted to work. This is the side
of the ship to which the explosive force
is supposed to have been applied. All
the evidences showing the tremendous
thrust from the port to starboard are
on the port side, therefore, and that side
is of vital importance. On that side and
inside the wreck the most expert divers
in the American navy have been at work
for three weeks. Their operations dur
ing most of that time have been confined
to an area of not more than fifty by
twenty-five feet.
Their task was well defined It has2
been well fulfilled. It is not strange that
they have found more important evi
dence than their Spanish colleagues,
who, moreover, began work many days
later. Captain Peral insists that all the
available evidence tends tv prove there
was no column of water heaved uo
ward. such as should accompany any
explosion of a submarine mine or tor
pedn.
My naval friend is disposed to admit
there was not, but he is familiar with
the action of submarine explosions, and
he tells me that while a mine capable
of destroying the Maine, if submerged
to a depth of ten feet, would probably
spout a column of water ioo feet in the
air, one placed thirty-five feet below the
surface would ciuse little more super
ficial cii^turbarce than a slight upheaval
or bubbling of the water.
Compared with the facilities enjoyed
by those conducting the American in
vestigation, the Spanish divers have
been at great disadvantage in other re
spects. They have no accurate knowl
edge whatever of the intricacies of the
Maine's construction. They know noth
ing of the numbering of her several
frames or the details of her plates. Our
naval divers, on the other hand, have
had ready at hand the most perfect de
tails and drawings that could be fur
nished by the Construction Bureau of
the Navy Department, and the expert
guidance of men most familiar by actual
experience with all parts of the ship.
Again Captain Peral lays stress on
the united testimony of fishermen that
no dead fish have been found floating
in the harbor since the explosion. His
argument is that any heavy explosion
under water would have killed the fish
in large numbers.
The American divers, to a man, have
remarked that there are no live fish
either in the harbor, at least in the
neighborhood of where the Maine went
down. This is so unusual as to have
been a matter of open comment among
them. While doing submarine work in
the vicinity of Key West or Tortugas
they were surrounded by fish which
swarmed about them in thousands. It
is a well-known fact that the dead bodies
still under water have not been preyed
upon by fish, and all the divers agree
that they have riot seen any.
Havana fishermen find their catches
outside of Morro Castle. As one of
them remarked to me: "No self-re
specting fish would care to swim in the
dirty waters of the inner bay."
The naval authority whom I have
been quoting consented, at my request,
to give me his personal theory as to
how the Maine was blown up. It should
be understood distinctly it is not as
serted that this is the theory held by the
Naval Court of Inquiry, though it is not
unlikely to be so. There is a well-known
type of submarine mine, very powerful
in execution, a specimen of which may
be seen in Newport, R. 1., at the tor
pedo station. Oddly enough, of the
three men chiefly instrumental in its de
velopment, one is Lieutenant Holman.
senior lieutenant of the Maine, who
narrowly escaped with his life, while an
other is Commander Converse, now
here in command of the cruiser Mont
gomery. The third is Lieutenant-Com
mander McLean, now in charge of the,
Newport torpedo station. This deadly
device consists of two main sections.
The lower one is a mine. It contains,
in four chambers, equally distributed.
144 pounds of gun cotton, wet and dry,
combined in proper proportion to se
cure the greatest execution. This mine
is connected by wires with a floating or
partially submerged device, the features
of which are a projecting lever or trig
ger, which, on coming in contact with
an obstruction, acts upon a set of stiff
springs, which in turn release a ham
mer, connect the circuit and explode the
gun cotton in the mine attached below.
Such a device as this is hardly more
bulky than ah ordinary domestic wash
boiler. It could readily be carried to
its destination in a small "boat and then
put overboard, the proper depth having
first been ascertained by a simple con
trivance attached to it, like an ordinary
sounding line. The lever or trigger
would then remain harmless until the
natural swing of a ship completed the
contact, when the mechanism would act
promptly on the detonators and the en
tire charge would be exploded. This, in
brief, is my informant's theory of how
the Maine was blown up.
The idea of any mine connected by
wire with a shore firing station is gen
erally believed to be untenable, and in
well informed circles there is a growing
disposition to abandon the theory that
the Maine was deliberately moored in
a position previously mined for the pur
pose of her destruction. No mere irre
sponsible miscreant, however, would
have been capable either of construct
ing, procuring or operating such an in
fernal machine as is believed to have
destroyed the Maine, and iust here is
one of the knotty points in the problem
for those who desire to eliminate the
element of direct or indirect Spanish re
sponsibility for the disaster.
The officers and crew on board the
cruiser Montgomery are unusually vigi
lant, especially after nightfall, but in this
particular their neighbors on the Span
ish cruisers, the Vizcaya and Oquendo,
are not one whit behind them. Small
boats plying in the harbor must keep at
a respectful distance after daylight from
the Yankee ship and from the big Span
ish men-of-war. One of the Mont
gomery's officers tells me that in all his
experience lie has never seen on a
Spanish war vessel such vigilance and
activity as now prevails on the big black
fighters just astern of our cruiser. AH
day long these Spaniards are swinging
their turrets and handling their guns.
All night long they are watchful, alert
and suspicious, almost as if they were in
a hostile rather than a loyal port.
WONDERFUL LEDGE
OF GOLC[ DISCOVERED.
Prospector Arrives at Phoenix With
Specimens to Bear Out His
Story.
PHOENIX. March 12.— Michael Fitzpat
rick arrived this evening from the Har
qua Hale Mountains bringing news of the
discovery by him of one of the most won
derful gold ledges of Arizona. His story
is borne out by the specimens at hand.
Fitzpatrlck also brings the news that
shortly after his discovery three men,
who had been working a copper claim
near by. raided his claim with shotguns
and drove him from the place. Fitzpat
riok and an officer will leave in the morn
icg for the mine.
THE OREGON TO
GO SOUTHWARD
Valparaiso the Destina
tion of the Battle-
Ship.
Could Be Dispatched Thence
Around the Horn to
Cuba.
War Department to Let an Enormous
Order for Snot and
Shell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, jMarch 12.
The sending of the Oregon, now at
Mait- Island, away from San Francisco
is an exhibition <f the farsightedness
with which the Secretary of the Navy
is observing the situation of to-day.
The vessel's orders are to cruise down
the Pacific Coast, touching from time
to time at various ports where cabte
connection exists to receive any orders
that the department may have to give.
In this way it is expected that she will
work as far south as Valparaiso, Chile,
where she will await orders.,
Valparaiso is very much nearer Cuba
and to Admiral Sicard's fleet than is
Mare Island, while if it should be de
sired to send the ship to the Asiatic
station, this can be done almost as
conveniently from Vulparaiso as from
San Francisco. At Valparaiso the Or
egon will be where she can be most
usefully manipulated in case of an
emergency.
The Nashville arrived at Key West
to-day, while the Marblehead arrived
at Tampa. The naval officials will
not state the purpose of the Marble
head's visit to Tampa.
The war talk has had the usual re
sult of bringing before the War anl
Navy departments a perfect flood of
suggestions and inventions. Many of
these are most remarkable, dealing with
balloons, flying machines, kites and
the like, centipede-like steamers with
manifold propellers and torpedoes of
fearful and wonderful construction. All
of them are given attention, and are
offered to the proppr authorities for in
vestigation, but not much is expected
from them.
The War I>epartment will on Mon
day open bids for one of the largest
orders of shot and shell for heavy cal
iber guns ever given, including armor
piercing projectiles and deck-piercing
torpedo shells. The number and char
acter of these follows: Nine hundred
and thirty-nine 12-inch deck-piercing
shells, weighing 1000 pounds each; 1241
12-inch deck-pifrcing shells, weighing
800 pounds each: 481 10-inch armnr
piercing, shot capped: 149 8-inch armor- :
piercing shells: 150 8-inch armor-pierc
ing, sheet capped.
These projectiles are for the heavy
fortification guns now mounted along
the coast. The purchase is not to be
made under the fifty million defense
appropriation bill, but is in anticipation
of the fortification bill, which grants
$940,000 for a reserve, supply of projec
tiles and powder. As the making of
the heavy projectiles will take consid
erable time, the contract will be let
ahead of the passage of the bill, as
surances having been given from men
in Congress that no question would be
raised as to the regularity of this pro
ceeding. The entire amount is de- :
signed to give all the heavy guns now
installed, and those to be put into place
during the coming year, a full quota of
projectiles and powder.
The 12-inch shot are among the larg
est made. The cost of a single round
of this class of projectiles is $511. Aside
from the large order to" be placed on
Monday, the emergency bill will permit
additional orders to meet the require
ments of suoh fortification gur.s as
may be mounted for emergency. The
present order is for 'he actual netde of
the guns now mounted, without refer
ence to any existing emergency, al
though it has been made all the more
imperative by the Spanish crisis.
The Oregon, steaming at the rate of
ten knots an hour, would be able to run
from this city around the Horn to Key
West in eighty-one days. She would be
compelled to coal at least three times
cm the trip. It is an open question
whether it would, be altogether safe to
take a battleship of the Oregon's sise
through the narrow channels of the
straits of Magellan, although an ex
ceedingly rough passage of 800 miles
might be avoided by the cut off. •
Should war with Spain be declared
before the Oregon arrives at Valpa
raiso, the authorities of Chile would be
called on to determine whether coal is
contraband of war. Should the deci
sion be in the affirmative the battleship
could only receive a supply sufficient
to enable her to steam to the nearest
home port, which is San Franrisco.
Should the question arise while the ship
was applying for coal at some port on
the Atlantic, the ruling might be that
Key West was the nearest home port.
Spain may have some good cruisers
and several armored ships of modern
type, but there is no vessel in the Span
ish navy that is the equal of the Ore
gon. In fact, .the United States battle
ship Indiana, which is frequently men
tioned as the "pride of the American
navy," is not quite up to the Oregon's
standard.
There is some talk in the navy that
Lieutenant Commander Carlin may go
to the Oregon as executive officer.
With Captain McCormick in command,
Carlin as executive officer and Nichol
son as navigator, the Oregon in a bat
tle would add luster to the annals of
the navy. A Spanish man-of-war
looking for a brush need o-nly come
within easy range of the Oregon's 13
inch rifles to be accommodated.
There wag great bustle and. activity
upon the big battleship yesterday
morning. Three or four scows, laden
with coal and ammunition, lay along
side and all hands were busily at work
transferring their contents to the
depths of the ship. Aft sailors -were
laboriously hoisting heavy shells, one
by one. whilst forward the atmosphere
was thick with coal dust. White
painted ships, from a picturesque point
of view, are very effective, but when it
comes to coaling up sailors would de
cidedly prefer the somber, unattractive
black. The beautiful white-painted
sides of the ironclad were streaked with
grimy stains, sailors were not to be dis
tinguished from stokers, and every port
and aperture which led below was her
metically sealed.
After threading devious passages and
passing through numerous water-tight
doors. Captain MoCormiok was dis
covered in his comfortably furnished
cabin below. Everything was closed
up, the paint work was covered with
newspapers to protect it from the in
sidious coal dust, and the captain had
the air of a man sentenced to solitary
confinement.
"Have you seen the telegram from
Washington in The Call this morning?"
Captain McCormick was asked. "It
states that orders have been sent for
you to sail at once, and that your des
tination will probably be the Philip
pines, your mission the destruction of
the Spanish colonies there."
"Of course I saw the message," the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SINDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
HEAVY SLUMP
IN STOCKS ON
WALL STREET
Belief That War Is Near Results
in a Stampede to Sell
Holdings.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Undor the pressure of heavy liquidations
stocks to-day experienced the heaviest break that has occurred during
the present war scare. The total sales for the short two hours' ses
sion were about 325,000 shares, which, at the same rate, would make
800,000 shares for an ordinary day's session of five hours. The ex
treme decline was from 2to 5 points. Prices dropped away at a live
ly rate at the start, under what appeared to be a bear attack, but
soon It was evident that quite general liquidation had set in. There
was a preponderating sentiment among a large class of traders that
in view of an early decision in regard to the cause of the Maine dis
aster and the military preparations, it would be a good idea to be out
of stocks. This sentiment was encouraged by many commission
houses, which advised their customers not to buy before the situa
tion cleared.
The attitude of London and Paris toward our securities also con
tributed to the uneasiness, for it is assumed in the street that lead
ing banking interests abroad are kept fully advised in regard to the
situation, and their operations in American stocks will be governed ac
cordingly. Hence a very weak London market, such as there was to
day, was the opposite of encouraging to traders on this side, and, in
fluenced by a variety of more or less grounded rumors, a state of de
moralization was developed.
Accordingly, as the session advanced prices melted away at a rapid
rate. St. Paul broke 4% points from 89 to 85%, Burlington 3% from
89& to 86%, Rock Island 2& to 80%, and Northwest 4% to 113%. Man
hattan, which was in a measure influenced by the rapid transit de^
cision, dropped 4% to 94%, and Metropolitan street railway 3% to 135.
Louisville and Nashville lost 3%, touching 46; Reading, common, %,
touching 15 7 / 8 ; Reading, first preferred, 2%, touching 36; Missouri Pa
cific declined 2% to 22. and Pullman Palace Car Company 6^4 to 165.
Sugar lost 2%, selling down to 120^ and closing at 121%.
There was a slight rally in some of the specialties, but interna
tional issues, as a rule, closed at about the lowest. There were sharper
declines In bonds than have occurred on any day except during the
first slump, immediately after the Maine disaster. Atchison and Un
ion Pacific issues were the most active. The new 4 per cent Govern
ment bonds of 1925 lost IVi per cent, the lowest sales being at 121%.
Final bids were at a decline of 1 per cent compared with Friday's
close.
Among the stories that were circulated was one that the Montgom
ery had been blown up in Havana harbor, and another that Germany
had decided to oppose intervention in Cuban affairs by this country.
Again, the story that Spain had secured a loan of $60,000,000 from the
Rothschilds received some credence, but it was denied later and the de
nial had a quieting effect.
captain replied, "but I am not going to
admit that I have received any orders
from Washington. In my official posi
tion I cannot say anything. But what
ever the orders we cannot sail just yet.
There is all the ammunition and coal to
be taken on board, and all the prepara
tions to be made for sea. It would be
a week or more before we could get
away in any case."
In the ward room the officers are
quite as inconveniently situated as the
captain. The hatchway in the center
of the floor is open and through it one
can look far down into the after maga
zine, where the ammunition is being
stowed.
On deck the sailors were rolling the
great shells along towaFd the maga
zine hatch. "They are the daisies." re
marked the petty officer in charge of
the operations proudly. "With these
we can smash anything which comes
within range."
They are certainly ugly looking cus
tomers, these great steel projectiles.
The muzzles of the two thirteen-lnch
guns in the after turret are close by,
pointing upward and looking anxious
to receive the shells. No armor in ex
istence could withstand the impact of
these missiles at close quarters. Each
one weighs 1250 pounds and contains a
bursting charge of «.?xty pounds of
powder. Placed upright beside a man
they will reach nearly to his shoulder.
The Oregon has to take on board one
hundred of these shells for each of her
big guns, or four hundred in all. That
makes over two hundred tons dead
weight, to say nothing of the ammuni
tion for the eight eight-inch and four
six-inch guns, and many smaller weap
ons with which this tremendous fight
ing machine is equipped. It is no easy
matter to get a vesse! of this size ready
for sea, and though leave has been
stopped and all hands are working
their hardest, it will be some days bo
fore the barges will leave the side of
the Oregon, before her decks will be
washed clean and her paint restored to
Its pristine whiteness. Then she will
be ready to meet the foe and to do
whatever Uncle Sam may direct.
SPAIN PREPARING
FOR WAR ON
COMMERCE
Continued from First Page.
I that Spain during the past week
I sent a circular note to the Cabi
i nets of Europe to the effect that
| the Spanish Goverment hoped the
rebellion in Cuba would be com
pletely suppressed by April I,
! adding that if foreign interference
| had not stimulated the insurgents
land supported them with arms,
' men, money and ammunition there
j would at the present moment be no
I insurgents left.
So far as the correspondent has
| been able to ascertain the document
i has not elicited any replies.
The opinion that the United
I States is not honestly attempting
to preserve peace and keep the
war party in control is widely dis
j seminated in Germany and finds
ready credence, not only in the
! newspapers but in official and dip
lomatic circles. One newspaper
! interviewed the United States Em
j bassador to Berlin, Andrew D.
I White, and printed his opinion that
the majority of Americans are
anxious to maintain peace. But
the newspaper added that Mr.
i White's opinion was not supported
by facts, and says that the vote
of Congress was unanimously re
garded as a clear indication that
war is coming and the Americans
j want it.
Wants $60,000 Damages.
William Johnson has sued the Market
street Railway Company to recover $60,000
damages for the death of his infant
daugnter, Hulda, who was killed by an
electric car on Mission street, between
Fourth and Filth, on January 30 last.
ACTIVE AT ALL
NAVAL CENTERS
Demand for Machinists
Greater Than the
Supply.
•
Three Shifts of Men Engaged
at the Washington
Yad.
Portsmouth Queried as to Its Supply
of Coal for Ships of
War.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 12. !
There is general activity at the Wash
, ington Navy Yard, three shifts of men
working twenty-four hours continuous
ly. The completion of the big guns :
there is being accomplished with all
possible haste." The rush has led to a ;
large demand for machinists of all j
kinds, which up to now has net been
■ met. An enlistment office for blue
Jackets was opened at the yard to-day.
Thirty marines have been detailed from
! the yard to go with the Columbia or
the Minneapolis. They are held in
I readiness to start at a moment's no- ]
i tlce.
Same of the 4-inch guns have been
completed this week, and were shipped
to Indian Head to be tested. Not a day !
passes but that guns of some caliber
are finished and taken down by the tug
Triton to the proving grounds to be
tested. Two or three of the monster
13-inch guns, with the exception of a
few finishing touches to be put to the
breech mechanism, are ready to be test
ed.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H.. March 12.— .
! Orders have been received at the Ports- ;
mouth Navy Yard from Washington to !
I ascertain how many warships could be
coaled here and the quickest possible
| time which would be required to sup
| ply a vessel. The Washington authori- i
I ties have been informed that four bat- ,
j tleships and seven cruisers could be
coaled at the navy yard here at erne !
time, and that 20.000 tons of coal could j
be supplied. The work of equipping ;
the fortifications is proceeding steadily. :
NEW YORK, March 12.— The enlist- !
ing of skilled mechanics, machinists, '•
seamen and iron workers was contin- !
ued to-day at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, !
: but all applications from apprentices, j
j landsmen and coal passers were refused, j
as there Is already a full complement |
of these classes. The torpedo boat Sti- i
letto has been put into condition for '
sea. The work of transporting ammu- !
nition from the yard to the steamships ;
down the bay was continued to-day.
WATERTOWN, Mass., March 12.—
Fifty more mechanics will be at work
at the arsenal on Monday, and night
work in the machinery department ,
I will be begun.
EMERGENCY ORDERS
FOR THE VESUVIUS.
Dynamite Cruiser to Be Placed in
Fighting Trim and Sail South
ward.
NEW YORK, March 12.— A Jackson- j
ville (Fla.) special to the Herald says:
It leaked out to-day that emergency |
orders had been received by the Vesu- I
vius here, and that she will be placed
in fighting trim at once. There is some ]
trouble about the air valves of the big ,
dynamite guns, and the vessel may i
have to be sent to Baltimore or Nor
folk for repairs to them. All extra
grates, etc., are to be taken out to-mor- i
row to make room for ten tons of am
munition now on the way. She will
sail on Sunday or Monday morninj;, it
is stated to-night, for a sudden trip
down the coast- The full battle detail
of men has been finally settled and the
"quarters" drill has been pushed; also :
work with the dynamite guns and ■
rapid-fire batteries. Several six-pound
ers are to be added to her armament
amidships.
RELIEF VESSELS
AT MATANZAS.
Two Cargoes of Supplies
for the Starving Re
concentrados.
Will Not Be Distributed Until
Early in the Present
Week.
Seamen of the Fern Generously
Contribute Their Dinner to the
Sufferers.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
MATANZAS, March 12.— Fifty tons
of previsions, medicines and clothing
were brought to this city to-day to re
lieve the sick reconcentrados. The sup
plies came in two cargoes from the
United States, the Fern bringing thirty
five tons from Key West, and the bal
ance coming on the British tramp
steamer Bergen from New York. Both
consignments were discharged this af- ;
ternoon, but are held under customs in-
KPectton. They will be released the
first of the week and disposed of sub
ject to the order of Consul Brice, who
already has done much to relieve the
suffering in this city.
Clara Barton, representing the Red
Cross, and Louis Klopsech of the Chris
tian Herald, came down on the morn
ing train from Havana to investigate
the condition of those for whom the
goods are provided. Several members
of Congress and a delegation of Amer
ican residents of Havana accompanied j
Miss Barton to this city and a formal
call was made upon Governor Don
Francisco Annas y Cespedes, who fms
himself contributed liberally to the sup
port of the reconcentrados. Gover
nor Annas announced himself in sym
pathy with the work of the Red Cross
and promised co-operation.
The presence of so many Americans
soon became known to the reconcen
trados, who fairly mobbed Hotel Lou
vre. The visitors? were assured by th*
Governor that conditions had much im
proved of late and while there was still
much suffering, all the inhabitants
would again be self-supporting after
the close of the next rainy season.
The supplies brought in to-day con
sist of flour, corn meal, potatoes,
smoked meats and clothing. More than
this, nearly a ton of quinine was land
ed. This will be freely distributed
among those in need of it, but great
precaution will be taken to see that it
does not reach the insurgents. The
Fern concluded discharging her stores ;
this evening and at once proceeded to
Sagua La Grande, where supplies will
be landed to-morrow. Captain Covvles
will take the Fern back to Key West .
on Monday.
An incident of the day must not go
without mention, it showing the ma
terial of which the sailors of the navy
are made. The crew of the Fern learned
that supplies would not be available
for several days, and in the meantime
many ashore were hungry. The result
was that no dinner was served aboard
the Fern, permission being obtained to
take the food to the reconcentrados.
Captain I'owlos would not cheapen the
deed by serving a second dinner, but
the crew will lose nothing by the sacri
fice.
Doctor Hubbell of the Red Cross So
ciety will remain in Matanzas over
Sunday, consulting with Consul Bric~
as to the best method of distributing
supplies. ____________
Disgusted the Spaniards.
HAVANA, March 12.— The news of
the recrudescence of the revolution In
the Philippines was received here with
great disgust by the Spanish residents
and with corresponding satisfaction by
the insurgent sympathizers.
To Investigate Brown's Charges.
NEv\' HAVEN, Conn., March 12.— The
executive committee of the Intercol
giate Track Association met here to-day.
A sub-committee was appointed to in
quire into tne charges made by Captain
Brown of the -- . rsity of California
alleging professionalism in Eastern col
lege athletics. President Sullivan of the
Amateur Athletic Union is in conference
with the committee concerning the regis
tration of amateurs. Action on these
questions will probably be taken at a
meeting to be held on March 25 in New
York.
Fort Hancock Fully Manned.
NEW YORK, March R.— Fort Han
cock, at Sandy Hook, presented a war
like appearance to-day. The two bat
teries of seventy-five men each from
Fort Slocum, David's Island and two
battalions from Fort Wadsworth ar
rived there to-day. With these 300 men
there are now more men at the fort
than at any time since the civil war.
Court chaplains, when they preach
before the German Emperor, must con
dense the sermons so that they can be
delivered in fifteen minutes. IVmg ser
mons, he says, makes him weary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nervous, Weak, Tired
The fatigue from overtaxed nerves
is more intense, more depressing and
more disastrous than anything known
to tired muscles. The greatest suffer-
ers from this condition are women,
who are apt to receive criticism where
they should have sympathy. Their
condition is not due to perversity, but
has its origin in serious malady The
cause is found in the fact that the blood
is impure and in its impoverished con-
dition cannot supply the nerves with
proper nourishment, which is needed
to make thc>tn strong.
The remedy for weak nerves is found
in Hood's Sarsaparilla, because it pur-
ifies, vitalizes, and enriches the blood,
giving it power to build up the broken-
down nervous system, strengthen the
muscles, cure all blood diseases, and
give health and vigor to the whole
body. Special attention is invited to the
following:
"I am much pleased to recommend
Hood's Sarsaparilla as the best medi-
cine for the blood and exhausted
nerves. I was troubled with rheuma-
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine, because It accomplishes wonderful cures when all other medicines fail. Sold bp
all druggists. $1; six for |5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Apothecaries. Lowell, Mass.
CHANNEL MUCH
TOO SHALLOW
Report Concerning the
Approach to Mare
Island.
Two Hundred Thousand Dol
lars the Probable Cost of
Dredging.
One of the Nation's New Battle-Ships
to Be Built on the Pacific
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 12.
The Naval Committee of the House
did not reach any conclusion to-day
relative to the number and location of
the dry docks to be authorized in the
naval appropriation bill, which is the
main question left open. The general
opinion in the committee seems tofavor
three of four new docks. The Bunce
Board recommended new docks at
Portsmouth, N. H., Boston, Algiers,
La., and Mare Island, Cal., and an en
largement of the dock at League
Island, so that it will accommodate
the largest battle-ships. The Pennsyl
vania delegation is straining every
nerve to secure an entirely new dock
at League Island.
Docks capable of accommodating
battle-ships would have to have a
depth of channel leading to them of
thirty feet, and Commodore Matthews,
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, who
was summoned before the committee
to-day, rather startled the committee
by his statements as to the depth of
the channel to at least one of the pro
posed docks— that at Mare Island, Cal.
He said the channel was not over twen
ty feet deep for two miles, and that it
would require $200,000 to dredge it to
the requisite depth of thirty feet.
The channel at Boston is only twen
ty-seven feet deep, and the channel at
League Island is about the same depth.
This complicates affairs more or less
considerably, and when the committee
adjourned to-day little progress toward
a conclusion had been made.
The committee has decided that one
of the three battleships it decided to
authorize yesterday shall be built on
the Pacific Coast. These great war
vessels, which are to be the peers of
any afloat, are to cost 53, 000,000 each,
instead of $2,000,000, as reported yester
day.
Chief Engineer Melville appeared be
fore the committee to-day, and urgent
ly recommended an increase of 100 In
the engineer officers of the navy. He
said such an increase was imperative
ly necessary. These additional engi
neers, if authorized, would have to be
appointed from civil life.
Representatives Russell, Hill and
Sperry of Connecticut were before the
committee to oppose the recommenda
tion of the Ordnance Bureau for the es
tablishment of a Government cartridge
factory. The bureau recommended an
appropriation of $50,000 for this pur
pose. The business of making car
tridges is a large industry in Connecti
cut and Rhode Island, and the repre
sentatives from those States opposed
the provision for a Government factory
as a menace to their own industries.
ARTILLERY ORDERED
TO SOUTHERN PORTS.
Three Batteries Now at Fort Riley to
Move Within Three Days.
JUNCTION CITY, Kans., March 12.—
Orders were received at Fort Riley
this afternoon at 2 o'clock ordering the
three batteries of artillery at this post
to the south. Battery Bof the Fourth
Artillery, Captain Anderson, goes to
Fort Monroe; Battery F of the Fourth,
Captain Taylor, goes to Savannah, Ga.,
and Battery F of the Fifth, Captain
Riley, to New Orleans. The orders are
such that U will compel the movement
of these batteries to their new sta
tions not later than Wednesday of next
week. Major Randolph, who is in
command of the artillery post at Fort
Riley, has not been ordered elsewhere.
There is great excitement here and at
i Fort Riley.
Telegraphic reports stating that
the troops are en route are erroneous.
GINLEY'S SLAYER ARRAIGNED.
Nearly Collapses When Taken Into
the Chico Courtroom.
CHICO. March 12.— William Son, the
slayer of William Ginley. was arraigned
in Judge Warren's court this morning.
Two days' confinement has been a severe
1 trial to Son. While the complaint was
being read to him he trembled violently
and could hardly stand. His relatives
have ignored the telegrams sent to them,
i and Son feels that he is to be deserted
| by them.
tism for over two years, and physicians
did me but! very little good. Finally
my trouble became much worse and
eventually I was obliged to lie in bed.
The pain in my left hip and leg was
very severe. The doctor said my leg
trouble had developed into
Sciatic Rheumatism.
One of Hood's Calendars reached me
and after reading of the benefit Hood's
CHANGES THAT
PRESAGE WAG
Departments of the Gulf
and of the Lakes
Formed.
■
Those of Missouri and Texas
Abolished by Algers
Orders.
Commanders Instructed to Reach
Their Headquarters Within
Three Days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March I*.
The War Department to-day promul
i gated its order creating the Depart
ments of the Gulf and of the Lakes,
and abolishing the Departments of the
Missouri and of Texas. The Depart
1 ment of the East will embody the
j States on the Atlantic Coast, Including
j North Carolina. The Department of
! the Lakes will include Wisconsin. Mich-
I igan, Illinois. Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky
j and Tennessee, with headquarters at
f Chicago. The Department o-f the Gulf
I will comprise South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
I ana and Texas, with headquarters at
I Atlanta.
General Brooke •will command the
j Department of the Lakes, and Brlga-
I dier General Graham the Department
: of the Gulf.
The Western States included in the
Department of the Dakota have been
transferred to the Department of the
Platte, while, to maintain the present
proportions of this department, the
northern sections have been throw-n
into the Department of the Dakota. No
changes have been made in the De
partment of the Columbia, the Depart
ment of California or the Department
of the Colorado.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., March 12.—
The official order of the Secretary of
War creating a military department of
the South and abolishing the head
quarters of the Department of Texas
here, was received this morning by
I Brigadier-General William Montrose
Graham, who, by virtue of the order,
j becomes commander of the new depart
ment, with headquarters at Atlanta,
Ga. The order created a great stir.
It is the general opinion in military
circles that the change will be perma
nent. General Graham said to-day:
••This change was spoken of during
General Bliss' time as commander of
the department. While Ido not under
take to give a reason for the chang«
I am inclined to believe it is merely a
i redistribution of the territory of the
j department. The Department of the
! Atlantic formerly covered the vast area
from Maine to Louisiana. The Gulf
I States have now been merged with the
I Department of Texas into the new de
i partment just created.
"The change will have no bearing on
| this post. Department headquarters
; and garrison are two different matters.
Fort Sam Houston had no more rela
tion to headquarters than did Fort
i Bliss or any other post. Fort Sam
i Houston will be the same as it ever
was, only the staff officers and clerks
are leaving. This post will stilS. be In
my department, and I shall visii* it as
I do other posts on the customary tour«
of inspection."
General Graham said that there had
been no orders issued involving move
ments of garrisons in this State. The
Light Battery has settled down to an
nual target practice near Kerrville, and
the cavalry is now in the midst of its
regular pistol practice at the range near
Salida. The new order of things cre
ates great enthusiasm at Fort Sam
Houston, and while the officers gener
ally speak guardedly concerning it the
I profound sensation which the news ere-
I ated tells plainly what every man reads
in the instructions. General Graham
and his staff will leave on Monday
night for Atlanta. The orders gave
but three days in which to pack up.
It is pointed out that things could
scarcely be put through in quicker
time if hostilities had actually begun.
The creation of the new department
and the departure of the commander
and the chief quartermaster within
three days are somewhat of a record
! breaker in army movements in times
jof peace. ____________^__
WERE PLANTING MINES
IN HAVANA HARBOR.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., March 12.—
According to Captain Greenmayer of
the steamship Castilla, from New Or
leans to Hamburg, which is now coal
ing here, there is a network of mines
in Havana harbor. Three years ago,
he says, his vessel was about to steam
into the harbor, when he was signaled
not to enter. A pilot boarded the ship,
and explained that the engineers were
planting mines, and that it would be
necessary for him to wait several
hours before proceeding into port.
Captain Greenmayer was thenmasterof
the Albino. He was at one time in the
German army.
I Sarsaparilla had been to others who
were afflicted with rheumatism, I re-
sorted to this medicine. After taking
half a bottle of Hood's Sarsaparilla and
using a few of Hood's Pills, I was able
ito get up out of bed. In a short time
I regained the use of my legs and was
able to walk. My nervous, stomach
and kidney troubles were also bene-
fited by Hood's Sarsaparilla and I now
feel like a new woman. When ab-
scesses broke out on my body I re-
sorted again to Hood's Sarsaparilla,
which purified my blood, built me up
i and strengthened my system in many
respects. I owe my present good health
|to Hood's Sarsaparilla and Hood's
| Pills.
Before Taking Hood's
| Sarsaparilla I could not sleep well. Now
| I sleep soundly, and feel rested in the
; morning. I cannot begin to tell the
I good Hood's Sarsaparilla has done for
| me. I praise it wherever I go, and
| also think very highly of Hood's Pills.
If I eat a hearty meal I take one of
the pills, and it prevents all distress."
MRS. BRITTON C. ESTELL, South-
iard, N. J.AMERICA
IMPRESSES
THE WORLD
Her attitude in Time
of Danger Excites
Admiration.
Congress and the People
Praised Throughout
Europe.
Firir. Stand for the Nation's
.honor Applauded by
England's Press.
BELIEVES WAR IS NEAR.
Spain Too Proud to Accede to the
Demands This Government
May Make.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 12.— A diplomat,
Who probably is the recipient of more
confidences than any other man in Lon
don, has expressed himself as follows
on the Cuban question:
•If America had designed with a set
rurpnse the events of the past weeks,
she could not by any possibility have
developed anything which in its im
pressive dignity would have had such
an effect upon Europe as the way in
which the executive. Congress and the
people have met the crisis and risen
to the responsibilities involved in deal
ing with the Cuban question."
Such is Undoubtedly the general feel
ing. Every one here now recognizes
that the United States does not desire
war. but is actuated by humanitarian
sentiments, and will not shrink from
war if it is necessary to right the
wrongs of Cuba and exact satisfaction
from Spain.
In the course of a long article, the
.■!• . ntressed the opinion that the
$50, .000 appropriation for the national
defense really makes for peace, "al
though there is always danger, incident
to the possession of war material, that
the country, assisted by the new school,
of which Captain Mahan is the proph
et, may be tempted to use the weapons
■ ught." The Speaker adds:
"In the face of a possible deficit, a
bank crisis and the suspension of the
revival of industry, the United States
has deliberately shown the world that
it will not be trifled with. The Spanish
patriots would do well to heed the
warning. If they try to retain Cuba by;
force, their failure is certain, and they
\\IU )inr<sly less certainly bring down
the *-f*tt>r}e -of the Citrvernment in
Spalvi." '''"*
On the other hand, the Spectator, al
though contending that preparation is
generally the surest way of avoiding
war, thinks that the proposition does
not hold good in the case of the United
States, and says:
"The circumstances steadily tending
toward intervention in Cuba will not
be altered by any amount of prepara
tion, because Spain cannot end the re
bellion and will not grant independ
ence, and thus comply with the Ameri
can demands."
Therefore the Spectator is of the opin
ion "that the Americans will frankly and
reluctantly conclude that Spain must
to reign in Cuba, and will take
naval and military action ere long."
The Spectator concludes: "Quoting
Kipling, 'the Americans are irresolute
Cull '>f doubts up to the point when
th^y wake the drumming guns that
have no doubts. After that there is
no more irresolution till the last shot is
fired. 1 "
The newspapers here generally regard
favorably the Madrid Nacional's prop
osition that the United States annex
< 'üba and assume her debt. They
think it cheaper to buy than to ac
quire by war, but they all recognize
the improbability of the Spanish Gov
ernment daring to consent.
The feeling in the money market is
that if war is inevitable, much gold
■will probably go to New Tork, and
money, therefore, will become dearer.
The markets are uneasy at the danger
that a larger amount of gold may be
■withdrawn from the Bank of England,
•"hose reserve is already low.
In the meantime, Madrid is deluged
with sensational journalism. Canard
Is piled on canard, to be denied In the
next edition, and eventually abandoned
In favor of fresh excitement. The jingo
tirades of the Imparcial and papers of
Its class are keeping the nation amused,
thus distracting attention from the ap
proaching elections, at which the Gov
ernment anticipates the Liberals will
capture SO per cent of the seats.
A good sample of the literature with
xvhich the Spaniards are regaled ap
pears in the <"arlist organ, the Correo.
It is in the shape of a letter written to
Don Carlos from a correspondent in
New York, and says:
We are in the crater of a volcano. It
seems as though not only the Maine but
the whole rnion fleet has been blown up
Fragments of ships are falling like fiery
rain upon this city. Ninety-nine percent
of the people blame the Spaniards for the
catastrophe. The fa<:t is, the feeling pre
vailing among these hawkers Is one of
terror. For a couple of years they have
ived that the Cuban question was all
thorns for Spain and all roses for them
selves. Now. finainK themselves suddenly
rhasti^d. words fail to describe their fear
and amazement. If w<^ now had at the
head of our Government a man of worth,
he would be master of the situation, and
show to the world these people in the
ridiculous Hpht they deserve. We few
Spaniard who, fur our sins, find ourselves
in this bell recognize that if Spain Rave
a quick, energetic blow they would not
resist, an.! would quickly cry for mercy
tor a prolonged war to this country would
prove a terrible foe. Men of * money
abound, bin they have no spirit and no
s«Mf-Paonfie<-. If we quickly landed a few
sharp Mows the demoralization would be
Instantaneous, ami they wouiu surrender
at dlscretton.
What a pity we are .etti/iR slip this pos
sibility, the only opportunity Providence
will give us oi uaining at one stroke re-
Fnert, credit, glory and money.
Don Jamie, the son of Don Carlos,
will receive the Carlist Deputies at
Cannes, where he is staying, and he de
clares ho will then proceed to Spain.
d^-laring himself the pretender. If
this is true, the news is very important,
but the Spanish government professes
to have no fears of a Carlist outbreak.
Surveying for New Electric Lines.
SAN RAMON, March 12.— A party of
eight surveyors are surveying a line for
an electric road from Hay wards to Dan
ville; also a branch line from this place
to Livermore.
riOTHERS
Who consider their little men terrors on the question of
clothes, ire have got something that's going to please you.
We're 2<>i)t,? to give you an extra? pair of Trousers, with
a Suit, at less than the regular price of the Suit alone. Row
will that please you ?
either Reefer style of Suit, ivi f h extra Trousers, or the double-
breasted style for larger boys, with extra pair of Trousers— either
style including the extra pair of pants— at
$2.48.
One of'the
S^ss^ pleasing fe t-
jH^ ures of this sa c
jKTTJt will be, the sell-
■PV^k in 6i n6 °f 15() doz-
• I*• A en. of the E. Z.
><&-^Jp Waist, patented
Nov. 5, JS9S.
i The E. Z. Undcrwaist has these
qualities. It is made of knitted^
i elastic webbing, with knitted
bands attached to the garment
crossing the back and over the
shoulders like suspenders. It
yields to the strain on buttons
and saves them from, being
puled off or buttonholes from
being torn. The E. Z. Waist, be-
ing made of knitted webbing, is
ventilated and does not get
i clo<S6ed with perspiration like
thick cloth waists. The regular
price is 25c, according to size;
we will sell all sizes, beginning
Monday, at
19c.
i•: i :
l
We will sell a, lot of Boys'
Heavy Ribbed, Black Hose, all
sizes, beginning Monday at
9c.
We have gathered together
about 350 dozen Silk Windsor
Ties, suitable for boys and
ladies ; new colorings— the kind
that you would be willing to pay
25c for; these, beginning Mon-
day, at
9c.
• + + + * + ++'+ 4444444*
A .
X LEAILV X
X WHAT WE'RE X
X DOING ON X
X KLONDIKE X I
X OUTFITS. X
4 4
©444444444 4.4 44 44*
TUGS TO SERVE
AS WARSHIPS
Will Be Fitted Out as
Rams and Torpedo
Boats.
Number of Yachts to Be Se
lected and Supplied
With Guns.
New Naval Board Will Proceed at
Once to Prepare the Aux
iliary Fleet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 12.— A special
from Washington to the Herald says:
Immediate steps are to be taken by the
Navy Department to add an auxiliary
fleet to the North Atlantic squadron.
For the purpose of determining what
class of merchant marine shall be se
lected to form this fleet, a board will
assemble to-morrow morning at the
Navy Department to confer with As
sistant Secretary Roosevelt and ar
range plans of procedure, which will
be at once put into execution. The
board, as formally appointed to-day by
Secretary L,ong, will consist of Captain
Frederick Rogers, now president of the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, STjypAT, MABCH 13, 1898.
.* When we get
%y\ about to do any-
_S|\S. thing we do it
fsL_l _ \sfo on alavish scale.
| *- Ajf\ You'll find it so
-j \k \\ wi b h Suspend-
k _kjj w ers this week.
A*iy We'll show you
/l\ /V\ how we sell Sus-
/V\* • p end ers. We
have taken a l>ig
lot of high- class Suspenders and
divided them into three lots.
Lot 1
Consists of 250 dozen Men's
Suspenders, new styles in web-
bing, desirable goods, which we
will have on sale Monday at
9c.
Lot 2
Consists of a lot of Suspenders
that have sold up to 35c, with
draw fastenings — nice, clean,
new, fresh goods. These at
14c.
Lot 3
Consists of some very high-
grade Suspenders —goods that
have sold all the way up to 50c •
soms. of the English ends, other's
with wire buckle. A big lot to
pick from. These at
19c. I
Board of Inspection and Survey, presi
dent; Lieutenant Commander J. D. J.
Kelly, on duty at New York, as in
spector of merchant vessels; Chief En
gineer A. F. Nixon, and the naval
constructor, J. G. Tawrezy, and Lieu
tenant Nathan Sargent, recorder.
Under the plan drawn up as the re
sult of the conferences held by Assist
ant Secretary Roosevelt and bureau
chiefs of the Navy Department, it is
proposed that the Rogers board shall
first select a large number of steam
yachts and tugs, which will be imme
diately co-nverted into torpedo boats
and rams.
Following the selection and conver
sion of these boats it is intended to pick
out twelve of the best ocean liners, be
ginning with ships of the American
line, and to take those which are best
adapted for conversion into auxiliary
steamers by reason of their coal carry
ing capacity, protection, etc. Plans
will be perfected for converting these
vessels into cruisers, and the board will
make arrangements for either charter
ing or buying the vessels from their
owners. It is appreciated by the au
thorities that in time of peace the law
prohibits the taking of vessels except
upon the payment to their owners of
"the fair actual value of the same at
time of taking," and it is for this rea
son that the board will be instructed to
enter into negotiations with the owners
looking to the chartering of vessels to
the Government. The cost of a vessel
of the St. Louis type will be. it is esti
mated, about $2,000,000, which would
cut a large hole in the naval defense
appropriation made by Congress, but
it is believed the American line will
agree to charter its ships to the United
States at a reasonable price, reimburse
ment to be made in case of their de
struction.
It can be stated authoritatively that
the department will not take all the
vessels which may be offered. In order
to influence the department in the se
lection of ships owners of vessels have
visited the department, accompanied
by Senators and Representatives.
"The Secretary is not paying the
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
♦ A souvenir for * St.
. - ■... . '"■••■'■. ■•
X Patrick's Day. Mon- X
♦ day we'll distribute ♦ •
X them. They're awfully X
X pretty. Won't you have +
♦ one of them? +
♦ ♦
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
IT rTA^TIO
tasptra-
Coming into our house
these days is like enjoying
the perfumes and fra-
grance from a garden-bed
of Spring flowers. Every <
department is in touch
with the glad season of
Spring. That's all we have
to show— new Spring goods.
— ;
.
Two Entire Buildings— Eight Floors.
slightest attention to politics in the
matter of providing additional defenses
for the country," said an official to me
this? afternoon. "What he wants is the
best ships that can he obtained — ships
that are the speediest, the best pro
tected, stanchly built, and with their
engines as much as possible below the
water line. The fact that a ship-owner
requires a member of Congress to im
press upon the department the value of
his vessel shows conclusively that he
fears to trust it to the judgment of a
capable board, and that it must be un
suited for Government work."
The tugs which will be selected by
the board for duty as rams must com
ply with this specification: To be
suitable as rams, tugs should be es
pecially heavy in construction, particu
larly forward; should have a speed of
not less than twelve knots, a displace
ment of nojt less than 250 tons, and
shou]d be capable of mounting at least
two five-pounder rapid-fire guns, one
forward and one aft. The tugs must
be of iron or steel and in a thorough
state of repair.
All steam yachts desired will be di
vided into these three classes:
First class— To be capable of main
taining a speed of not less than eigh
teen knots at sea, in ordinary weather,
for two consecutive hours, with all
weights on board and of mounting two
Whitehead torpedo tubes, long or
short, and not less than two 6-pounder
rapid-fire guns.
Second class — To be able of maintain
ing a speed of from fourteen to eight
een knots in ordinary weather, with
weights on board, and of mounting at
least one Whitehead torpedo tube, long
or short, and one 1-pounder rapid-fire
gun.
Torpedo launches— To be capable of
maintaining a speed of from nine to
fourteen knots in smooth weather and
of mounting one Howell or Whitehead
torpedo tube and one 1-pounder gun.
It is understood that the board will
at once purchase or charter steam col
liers, which will be employed to trans
port coal and other supplies to the
fleet-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a
...
Some dainty bits of
Spring Finery for the little
folks.
The pretty Spring Top
Coat, for little folks up to
12 years of age, made
from those fine Tan Covert
Cloths. Nothing richer,
nothing handsomer. Regu-
larly sold at $6.95.
Monday at
$4.98.
Some of the daintiest hits
of rich sailors in blue,
handsomely trimmed,
handsomely gotten up.
Actual value $6.95.
Monday at
$4.98.
Some of the cutest little
Junior Suits we've shown
this season — new ones, ar-
rived Saturday afternoon.
Blues and pretty Spring
colorings, sizes from S up
to 8 years. It's impossible
to think of anything finer.
Regularly sold at $6.95.
Monday at
$4.98.
WARSHIPS ARE
ORDERED HOME
Steps Taken to Aban
don the European
Station.
Small Vessels That Might Easily
Fall a Prey to the
Spanish.
They Will Bo Safe and Report to
Admiral Sicard at Key
West.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 12.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Signifi
cant strategic orders were issued to
day by Secretary Long, having as their
object the re-enforcement of the North
Atlantic squadron and the abandon
ment of a weak point in the naval plan
of campaign which is already being fol
lowed by the Navy Department. These
orders are the withdrawal of two men
of-war from the European station and
the prospective withdrawal of a third
vessel before the end of the coming
week. I learned to-day that instruc
tions have been sent to Commodore
f A
THE NEW SPRING DERBY.
Our Hat Department ivill start
the Spring season with a sale of
unusual splendor, consisting of
its lines of $2 and &2.50 Derby s,
browns and blacks. When we
say the Spring Derby we mean
the very newest and most ap-
proved block. Th»se Monday at
95c.
m±j_'i>MCinr?i Our Neckwear
'^fp^^Cm fers a lot of very
• swell Band
Bows, as you see in picture op-
posite; the new spring colorings
in India Silks, and they're \
marvelously pretty. These Mon-
day at
lie.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
♦ OUR BOOK X
X. ON KLONDIKE X
X OUTFITS/ X
X SHALL WE MAIL X
X IT TO YOU? X
+ ♦
• ♦♦♦♦♦♦-*■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
! Howell, commander-in-chief of the Eu
1 ropean squadron, directing him to send
the gunboats Helena and Bancroft to
, the United States with all speed.
He will remain at Lisbon with th*
cruiser San Francisco, ready to return
to the United States at a moment's no
l tice. These steps taken by the depart
ment to abandon the European station
i are due to its desire to remove from
the sphere of danger three ships which
would be an easy prey for Spanish ar
mored cruisers or a battleship in case
of war.
The Helena has a displacement of
I only 1392 tons, and that of the Bancroft
is only 539 tons. The San Francisco is
a protected cruiser of 4098 tons, and is
a very good vessel of her class, al
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" liiiiiiiii Siiii^
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING, RECEPTION ROOM— 7,
Consultation— FßEE.
I 'v* ■ \*f{ (\T?fhf> fk f FREE! To demonstrate our Painless
X^fßtltt UI/UIC H«/ Methods -we will devote One Hour each day
•v ♦»vV*\\ A/ ■ J**lfj** -to FREE EXTRACTIONS— IO to 11 A. M. Th»
TJLW^ nS. \A. /» 'S\/-' '<//% * Clinic is always ahead In ' Advanced - Dental
M.i_i LiimO— Cj9^- ■ Science. Xo student employed.
*CV »^^^v/^^'*^S9^^k _„ >U|£ For the next 30 days our prices will be:
< ©C 5 ___JSp V??Y4OA '*Z~^ PULL SET OF TEETH for ....»4 50 ud
> —Z_§y> rfteAWfr^* T; GOLD CROWNS, 22k V..... 150 nb
■ . • Zjß&S' WjforA/fflL ■ BRIDGE WORK, per t00th.............. 350 UD
ki fi?l^ g ..:::::::::::::::::::::::: I £
jMP'ffijB%o\^ *-^^»«^ CLEANING TEETH EOc u^
FOJ^p 'WW^ Y^^* A . Physician Always in Attendance. -
.^ Wf W \ J Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
TCCTuI A II L o wSeo lady attendant.
I ttlM . §? BridfiewoS PHONE DAVIS 654.
. WITHOUT PAIN. :. , DR..TT.-E; STRONG.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays a to 2 p. m. -
We bring to your notice, in
our picture opposite, what is
correctly termed two absolutely
swell styles.
The Overcoat is made in the
box, length; it has a pure silk
facing to the edge. Can you
conceive anything more swell
than, an overcoat like this? Ifs
made from the highest grade of
fin," Black Vicuna. The sleeve
linings are of pure Skinner's
Satin. Money can't put together
a more fashionable coat.
In the suit we bring to your
notice what is termed the proper
and correct cut of the single-
breasted, Sack for Spring ivear.
with its double-breasted Vest.
This garment is li ne d
throughout with Satin— a pretty
plaid Satin. The colorings are
bright and in keeping with the
Spring season.
That they're fashionably tail-
ored , the lines of the garment
shore that. That they're abso-
lutely correct, our name as
fashion leaders bears that out.
These two garments, in con-
junction with numerous others,
will be offered to you ivhen we
open Monday morning ai
$10.00.
5= Jy^i/^A^^/j-
A big lot of the new soft-body
Shirt, with stiff neckbands and
wristbands, with detached pair
of cuffs. They're a swell lot.
They come in the Shepherd
Plaids as well as the newest
things in stripes. There's noth-
ing in town at $1.25 that will
compare with 'em, and they'll
see the light of day for the first
tim° Monday morning. They're
the swell Shirt of the season.
You'll get 'em at
: ■ 78c. ;
A big lot of Men's
£2-> Sweaters, ■ plain, alto
' ' sailor collar, laced
/g*> £j • fronts. It's a | swell
f»c j lot, and all new spring
lg|j]jj>sgj|pr colorings to select from,
/isWW><W^ ' Some honHsome color
iW^Mi'liM combinations for men
rFefrfl - folks - Thi is a P ure
fl f^e'ij't" ■ worsted Sweater and
m JQI«S i represents ju*t half
=^=%JHaßf price. Thete, begin-
ti^fjT'T ntnj Monday, at
98c«
\ though in need of a rapid-firing bat
i tery.
There has been some talk of retain-
I ing these vessels in European waters to
I harass the Spanish coast, but after
' considering the matter to-day with
! some of the officials of the department
I the Secretary determined that it would
I be the part of wisdom to direct their
return to home waters.
It is expected that the Helena and
Bancroft will arrive at Key West with
in two weeks, as they have been in
structed to lose no time in covering the
i distance between Lisbon and the Amer
| ican coast. It is said by department of
ficials that these vessels will be useful
to Rear Admiral Sicard more for block-
I adingr purposes than anything else.
34
SHARK CAUSES
FOUR DEATHS
Fatal Adventure of Jap
anese Fishermen off
Monterey.
Harpoon an Ocean Monster,
Which Dives With Their
Boats.
Frail Craft Are Wrecked and but
Three of Their Occupants
Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, March 12.— Four Japa
nese belonging to the Japanese Fishing
Company, having its base of opera
tions in New Monterey, were drowned
in Monterey Bay yesterday afternoon
while struggling with a large basking
shark which they had harpooned. They
were T. Yutani, G. Hamaraura, J. Oku
mura and J. Teranishi.
This quartet went out with three
other Japanese in two boats to hunt
sharks. When a mile off Seaside they
came upon a large basking shark about
40 feet long. The Japanese* had no dif
ficulty in spearing the shark, for it lay
inactive, floating upon the surface of
the water, and although it struggled
vigorously and towed the boat at a
lively rate his captors soon exhausted
him.
When all signs of life had departed
the men fastened a rope- around the
shark's body, and by means of a long
pole lashed across the two boats at
right angles they tied the boats and
th<^ shark securely together, according
to the Japanese methods. Then using
both boats as one they started to tow
this valuable prize ashore.
Suddenly the shark awoke from its
stupor, and dove about twenty feet into
the water, taking the boats and men
with it. The shark arose with empty
boats in tow. It repeated its dive
twice more, cm the third time breaking
the r.ope that fastened it and escaping.
One boat was reduced to splinters, but
the other, being comparatively whole,
was taken by two of the men, who
paddled with their hands through the
heavy surf to Seaside, and from there
were driven last night to Monterey.
The other of the three survivors, a pro
fessional diver and swimmer, attempt
ed to swim ashore, but the terrific surf
and extreme coldness of the -water
nearly proved fatal. He reached the
beach, and. becoming unconscious from
exhaustion, knew nothing more until
picked up by residents of Seaside about
7 o"clock and brought to Monterey. He
it was who gave the account of the dis
aster.
Search parties set out immediately to
find the other four men or their bodies.
Two of the men were seen by their
comrades to drown, and the other two
were last seen clinging to pieces of the
broken boat. Three bodies were recov
ered this evening.
AUBURN'S COMING ELECTION.
Numerous Candidates for the Several
Town Offices.
AUBURN, March 12.— Auburn is on the
eve of a municipal election. The present
members of the Town Council are: J. \V.
Morgan, president; W. A. Freeman, W.
F. Wildman. E. C. Snowden and E.
Wooldridge. The marshal is A. S. Waldo;
clerk, E. F. Wright, and treasurer, T. J.
Nichols.
The terms of Morgan, Freeman and
Wildman will soon expire, and they are
candidates to succeed themselves. J. M.
Fulweiler also is mentioned as a possible
candidate. For clerk there are four can
didates, Messrs. L. E. Wallace, A. R. Ta
bor, L. E. Tebbs and J. B. Meredith. The
first three are lawyers, it having been
the practice heretofore to elect an attor
ney for clerk and then make him ex-offi
cio city counselor. For marshal there
are two candidates, A. S. Waldo and E.
A. Conrov. For treasurer there is but
one. A. L. Smith. All candidates are
nominated by petition, and there never
has been and is not now any politics con
nected with the race for town offices. Ef
ficiency and popularity are the only
requisites. The election will occur next
month.
CONVICTED, ANYHOW.
White's Confession Fails to Acquit
Charles Johnson.
SALINAS. March 12.— Despite the fact
that Joseph White yesterday swore he
committed the crime of which Charles
Johnson was accused, a jury in the Su
perior Court to-day found Johnson guilty
of burglary in the second degree.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nature's Detectives.
When a crime is committed, no matter in
what corner of the earth the criminal tries
/? s to hide, he
I■. •" 1 if.ji '^/ d&^jM^^ knows that
I I Ih'i^K somewhere
I P'fei B^^-'f^r or ot^ er on
I _£»L*» ' y^'l'/r/'v^h, *^ ie look-out
isa . d^ tf>ctive
l/\^\/- a A tacks man-
•fto f^TTB f\ 1 n the human
O*V Il\\ ( / v matter .how
"^^^^tei^^^ ture among
>^ > 4 > W^ ;: 55 =::;^ her g r,e at.
I^* force . of • de-
■ ' ' tective reme-
dies has one that will eventually hunt dow«
and arrest that particular disease.
Lung and bronchial diseases are among
the most baffling complaints which doctors
have to deal with; because it isn't the lungs
or bronchial tubes alone which are affected,
but every corner of the system furnishes a
lurking place for these elusive maladies.
They change and reappear and - dodge
about the system under numberless dis- 1
guises. They are almost always compli-
cated liver or stomach troubles, nerv-
j ousness, neuralgia, or "general debility.".
V The ibest detective remedy which Nature
■ has provided to search out and arrest these
perplexing ailments is Dr. Pierce Golden
Medical Discovery. It lays an arresting
hand directly upon the poisonous, paralyz-
ing elements hiding in the liver and diges-
tive organs.
35 It gives the blood-making glands power
to manufacture an abundant supply of pure,
red, highly vitalized blood which reinforces
the lungs with healthy tissue ; feeds the
nerve-centres with power, and builds up
solid muscular flesh and active energy. ;.,
• Forweak lungs, spitting of blood, shortness
of breath, nasal catarrh, bronchitis, severe
coughs, asthma, and kindred affections, it
is a sovereign remedy. While it promptly
cures the . severest cough ;it strengthens
tbcusvitem and purifies the blood. ;,. '
TO COMPEL
PICQUART
TO FIGHT
Friends of Esterhazy
Talk of a Court
of Honor.
Enraged by the Refusal
to Accept His Chal
lenge.
Consider Him the Equal of the
Man Who Befriended
Dreyfus.
MYSTERY OF A TRAGEDY.
Jew Who Supplied Papers in the
Zola Trial Found Hanging
by the Neck.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 12.— The appeal to the
Supreme Court by Zola against the
judgment of the court which con
demned him to a year's imprisonment
will be taken soon— in a week, without
doubt. The general opinion is that the
appeal will be quashed, for unless it is
absolutely and legally necessary every
thing will be done to avoid a reopening
of the affair at least before the elec
tions.
Much more interest attaches to the
case of former Colonel Picquart, who
after having wounded Colonel Henry
in a duel, refused to send second? to
Major Esterhazy, by whom he had
been insulted. The seconds of the lat- I
ter insist on the formation of a court j
•if honor, presided over by a general
and composed of six judges named and
appointed jointly by the two principals*,
so as to decide whether or not Colonel
Picquart can refuse reparation at the
hands of an officer who has been twice
acquitted, who still wears a uniform, j
and, consequently, who has not been j
disqualified, so far as the usual rules
relating to affairs of honor are con
cerned. The point is discussed with
considerable spirit by a number of per
sons particularly competent to speak
of dueling matters. They say that Col- J
onel Picquart's personal opinion of Ks
terhazy, or even his own conviction,
cannot be brought into question as re- j
gards an adversary whom his brother
officers consider still worthy of wear- ,
ing military stripes, and consequently j
a tribunal d'honneur would be obliged
to give its decision from this point of j
view. If Colonel Picquart refuses this
arbitration he will find himself con
fronted by Major Esterhazys seconds
or insulted publicly by the latter, to
which he cannot be indifferent. The
affair has, therefore, become serious,
and if a duel results from the proceed
ings you may count upon a pretty live
ly one.
The other affair of moment is of a
more mysterious character. It concerns
a suicide — a man found hanging to the
fastening of a window in a furnished
house.
The identification of the body—estab
lished wtth difficulty, after a series of
investigations which brought out a
half dozen names by which the suicide
was known — seems to show that he was
a private detective who at the time of
the Zola trial sold different papers con
nected with the affair, some authentic
and some false, upon which certain evi
dence was based. The dead man was a
Jew, named Kehmann, who, under a
supposititious name wanted to sell se
crets to M. Reinach first and then to
M. Rochefort. These spurious docu
ments were destined to raise a scandal
in the Zola trial, otherwise they would
have shed unexpected light. The man
was, perhaps, only a simple adven
turer, who was spurred on by poverty,
but the mysterious circumstances of his
death, certain visits which he received
shortly before his death, the precau
tions which were taken to conceal his
id°ntity afterward — all these present a
momentous chapter in the novel to
which an article lately written by Mme.
Severlne, the well known lady journal
ist, has added sensational interest.
This writer declares openly that the
man of the Rue de Seveies was not a
suicide, but had been assassinated.
When summoned on Wednesday by
the Judge conducting the inquiry to
explain this statement Mme. Severine
refused to take oath or answer any
question, but she pretends to have in
her hands elements of truth of this
gruesome story, and she says she will
speak out soon and unmask the real
culprit.
HAYTI AND SAN DOMINGO
ON THE VERGE OF WAR.
President Sam Leads an Army to the
Frontier to Check an
Invasion.
Copyrighted. 189S, by .Tamps Gordon Bennett.
JAMAICA, March 12.— Advices from the
Herald's correspondent in Port-au-Prince,
Hayti, to-day state that a breach be
tween Hayti and San Domingo is expect
ed as the result of the long-standing
frontier dispute. President Heureautx of
San Domingo is apparently determined
upon war and is making preparations for
the conflict. President Sam of Hayti, it
is reported, went tC Jacmet on March 8,
accompanied by 2000 troops. The object
of this move was to prevent any invasion
from Hayti*
SLASHES AT HIS JUGULAR.
SAN JOSE, March 12.— G. Tamburini.an
Italian laborer from Redwood City, at
tempted suicide in a room in the Roman
Hotel on North Market street at about 4
o'clock this morning. The man tried to
cut his throat with the little blade of a
pocket-knife. He inflicted an ugly wound,
but the blade broke. Removing the
broken blade from his neck, he opened
the big blade of the knife and attempted
to finish the job. He cut deep into the
wound, and twisted the blade as if boring
with an auger. He failed to cut the jugu
lar vein, however, and the chances are
that he will recover. The unusual noise
attracted the inmates of the house, and
Tamburini was disarmed.
Tamburini came yesterday to San Jose
from Redwood City, where he has a wife
and child. He was around town with
friends last evening, and was slightly in
toxicated when he retired. He has given
no explanation of his act.
Tulare's New Fire Chief.
TULARE, March 12.— F. Rosenthal,
Chief of the Tulare Fire Company J"or so
many years, has resigned. Mr. Rosenthal
has desired for some time to be released,
but the boys, who are much attached to
him. would not consent to his resignation.
He has served the company faithruny,
and the members were loth to give him
up; but when it was known that he had
determined to lay aside the honor the
company reluctantly accepted his resig
nation. Henry Whaley is the new chief,
Just elected to nil the vacancy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
SCHOONER
NOMAD LONG
OVERDUE
Believed to Have Gone
Down With All on
Board.
Not Heard of Since She
Left Shanghai Early
in December.
Should Have Arrived on Puget
Sound About Six Weeks
Ago,
WAS HER MAIDEN VOYAGE
Captain McAllep Accompanied on
the Trip by His Daughter and
Two Sons.,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 12.— There is a
strong probability that the schooner
Nomad is among the many vessels that
lie at the bottom of the Pacific. If
this be true, all on board met an un
timely end. The Nomad sailed from
Tacoma in September last for Shang
hai, with a cargo of lumber. It is re
ported that she covered the distance in
sixty days, and arrived at her port
without mishap. It was her maiden
voyage, and she sailed on her return to
Puget Sound on December 7 last. As
far as is known, she has not been seen
since by mortal man. According to the
reckoning of those who know her cap
abilities fcrr making time, the schooner
ie now six weeks overdue.
The master of the Nomad was Cap
tain J. W. McAllep of Seattle, who is
known everywhere on Puget Sound as
a veteran and skillful navigator. With
the captain were his daughter and two
sons. His wife had expected to accom
pany him, but was prevented by ill
ness.
In the latter part of December Mrs.
McAllep received a letter from her hus
band at Shanghai. It stated that he
would leave that port fur Seattle on
December 6. When February was ush
ered in and there was no news of the
Nomad, the wife and mother became
quite anxious for the safety of her
loved ones. She is now almost frantic
with grief, and has almost given up
hope of ever again seeing the absent
ones.
Captain McAllep was for some time
captain of the fire boat Snoqualmie at
Seattle. Previous to that he was mas
ter of the ship Detroit, employed in
the coasting trade bet-ween this port
and San Francisco. Later he assumed
command of the steamship Chilkat.
On 6 of the sons, George H. McAllep,
was 24 years old when he shipped on
the Nomad as ship's carpenter. He
had formerly acted as purser of the
Chilkat. Weston, the other son, was
22 years old and shipped as a seaman.
The daughter. Miss Helen, was about
25 years of age. The names of those
forming the crew are not known.
The Nomad was a four- masted ves
sel, built at Port Blakeley by the Hal!
Brothers last year. She was launched
in the early summer of 1897. She was
a handsome ship, built on graceful
lines and as stanch and seaworthy as
any vessel of her kind afloat on the
Pacific. She expected to return with
ballast from Shanghai.
Some few shipping men here who
have been interviewed by The Call
correspondent hold to the opinion that
the Nomad may not be lost. It is pos
sible, they say, that she has met with
some mishap that might cause a delay
in her arrival. If she Jias been partly
disabled and driven from her course
by some terrible storm her non-arrival
might easily be explained. The gen
eral opinion, however, in view of her
long delay and not having been sighted
is that the Nomad with all on board
has been lost.
SUCCESSFUL BENCH SHOW.
Dogs and Poultry That Won Prizes
at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, March 12.— The dog
and poultry show closed to-night and has
been pronounced the most successful ever
held in Southern California. It is said
to have been better than the show at
Sacramento. The hall has been packed
by visitors during the four days' exhibi
tion. Dogs received more attention than
poultry, especially from the women.
H. T. Payne of San Francisco read a
paper on dogs; G. H. C. Goodwin, on
poultry in the orchard and on the farm;
V. Tressler. thoroughbred poultry; E. W.
Hadley of Santa Barbara, architecture of
poultry house: Professed Woodbridge,
food for egg production. The prize-win
ners among the dog class are:
S. Tyler, Pasadena, first prize, Great
Danes.
C. G. Saxe, San Francisco, open, dogs,
Defender, fox terrier, firs* prize.
Mrs. C. G. Saxe. San Francisco, St. Ber
nard, King Menelik, first prize.
F. U. Little. Santa Barbara, pointer
bitch. Kents Queen, first prize.
X. P. Shell, Santa Barbara, Jet, winner
special for best cocker.
Miss Tillie Lorraine, Los Angeles, St.
Bernard, Omar Khyyam, first prize.
J. C. Salter. Santa Barbara, Luke 11,
pointer, special first prize.
Miss C. M. Noble, Santa Barbara, Car
los, Irish setter, first prize.
Mrs. O. T. Fitzpatrick, Satiooy, award
ed first prize for bitch and litter of bull
dogs.
Mrs. Richard Nye, Santa Barbara,
Spitz, open, dogs. Rover, first and sec
ond prizes.
Although there are some fine fowls on
exhibition there is no mention made in
the catalogue of them, the public and
management devoting all attention to
the canines. There are some rare speci
mens of the Plymouth Rock breed, from
S. Tyler & Son, Pasadena; black Lang
spans exhibited by M. H. Ingham and
white Leghorns by H. C. Draver, some of
which took first prizes. Mrs. H. A. Hol
lister of Santa Barbara wins first prize
for brown Leghorns.
The show has been productive of much
good and a second exhibition next year
will bring a greater number of exhibitors
and more strangers to Santa Barbara.
«• — __
BITTEN BY A SPIDER.
Henry Martin of San Jose Will Prob-
ably Lose His Life.
SAN JOSE, March 12.— Henry Martin,
a saloon porter, is suffering from blood
poisoning caused by the bite of a small
black spider, and his life Is despaired of.
About a week ago he was bitten upon the
left elbow by a spider, and inside of an
hour the arm began to swell. The pain
became so severe that a few days ago
Martin went to the County Hospital
Blood poisoning of a severe nature has
set in, the arm is swollen to immense
proportions up to the shoulder and the
flesh is perfectly black. It seems im
possible to check the spreading of the
poison through the system, and even
though the arm be amputated, it is feared
that death will result.
HONOR THE
MEMORY OF
WILLIAM I
Germans Mourn at
the Grave of the
Warrior.
Military Veterans Hold
a Memorial Cele
bration.
Imperial Mausoleum Hidden
by Beautiful Floral
Offerings.
THE WEEK AT BERLIN.
Naval Bill May Not Pass the Reich
stag in Its Present
Shape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, March 12.— The decennial of
William I was generally commemorat
ed at Berlin on Wednesday. On the
national monument were innumerable
wreaths, many ladies and children de
positing floral offerings. The room in
which the Emperor died and the door
leading to it were draped in mourning,
and the imperial mausoleum at Char
krttenburg was decorated with wreaths,
one of which was sent by the officials
of the United States Embassy.
Emperor William visited the mauso
leum on Wednesday, and prayed both
there and at the bedside of the de
ceased, at William I's palace. The mil
itary veterans held a memorial cele
bration at the Emperor William Mt
morial Church, which was attended by
the Emperor and 120 general officers.
There were 110 flags around the altar.
Pastor Koehler delivered the funeral
oration. Most of the German princes
and rulers sent wreaths, both to the
monument and to the grave. A bou
quet of violets was placed in the cor
ner window of the palace on Unter der
Linden, where William I appeared daily
at noon.
The fact that Count Herbert Bis
marck and his wife were the guests of
Emperor William on Sunday has led to
rumors of his return to public life,
probably as Embassador to St. Peters
burg. The correspondent is assured,
however, that while His Majesty of
fered Count Herbert a position "in
conformity with his ambition," the
count declined, saying he did not de
sire t<r h>>ld office in Germany while his
father was alive, to which the Emper
or pleasantly replied that he could "ap
preciate the sentiment," and the matter
was dropped.
The Minister of the Interior has pro
hibited the public demonstration on
March 18, the anniversary of the revo
lution of Berlin, including the projected i
demonstrations at the graves of the
victims in the cemetery of Friedrieh- !
sham. All demonstrations will be for- j
cibly suppressed, and the offenders will j
be arrested.
The latest developments are that it
is now uncertain whether the naval
bill will pass the Reichstag in a shape
which will satisfy the Government. The
difficulty lies in the fact that the Cen
trists insist upon incorporating in it a
provision to the effect that in case a
new tax is necessary to carry out the
scheme it will all be levied upon only
the wealthier portion of the popula
tion. The Government is unwilling to
bind itself to such a bargain, as it
might cost many votes at the coming
election.
The protests of the United States
Embassy against the unfair enforce
ment of the Bundesrath decree against
American fruit has resulted in special
instructions being issued to the Com
missioners of Customs, so that no fur
ther complaints are arriving.
The Darmstadt Technical High
School has decreed the exclusion of for
eign-born students.
United States Consul Pltcairn of
Hamburg is the butt of the German
press because of his refusal to sign
bills of lading and other documents
needed for the departure of the Ham
burg-American line steamers on Sun
days, on the ground of his religious
scruples. The Hamburg-American of
ficials and the newspapers allege it is
due to disinclination for work.
COURSING FOR THE FIESTA.
Good Day's Sport, But Not a Success
Financially.
I.OS ANGELES. March 12.— The extra
day of coursing for the benefit of the
Fiesta fund did not prove to be a success
as far as attendance was concerned, al
though the sport was up to the usual
high standard. The recent rains have
softened up the ground wonderfully and
gave the dogs a better chance to run
without hurting their feet, while as the
grass grows longer the rabbits have a
good opportunity to evade pursuit and
escape.
Nearly all the favorites were entered
and several new dogs made their debut.
In the run-offs Poker Davis beat Oak
land Belle; Ormonde beat Major Black a
bye; Kitty Scott beat Bonnie Belle;
White Chief Beat Innocent Daisy; Cy
clone beat Tiger; B B and B beat Juliet;
Little Pearl beat Hettie Green after a tie;
Rag Baby beat Ramon; Tiger, a bye,
beat Fleet after a tie; Monday Morning
beat Ebony Queen; D V H beat Flying
Jib; Orpheum Lass beat Shamrock after
a tie; Juliet, a bye, beat Snooze: Ouida,
formerly Lady Lillian, beat Monday
Noon a bye: Romeo beat Oakglen Vic
tress; Winona beat Homer; Here We Are
beat Sharkey: Blue Bird beat Sky Ball
after a tie; Trip beat O*car: Innocent
Daisy beat Kentucky Girl a bye; Lucky
Jack beat Palo Alto; Joe beat Shamrock
a bye; Galley Boy beat Bugle B; A B C
beat Sailor Girl.
SAFE-CRACKERS FOILED.
Sacramento's Chief of Police Frus
trates a Plot.
SACRAMENTO, March 12 —About two
weeks ago Chief of Police Dwyer learned
of a plot laid by ex-convicts to crack the
safe of one of the large business corpora
tions in this cilty. and he at once took
steps to render even an attempt futile.
A guard was set over the safe, and of
ficers were detailed to pick up the prison
birds as soon as they arrived. There were
five men in the plot, their names being:
"Chick" Frost, Frank Anderson, Mark
Kelly, Tom Hausensacker and "Kid"
Thomas. They were all lodged in jail and
after due warning not to return, were
"floated" out of the city by virtue of the
vagrancy act.
J. G. Schrieber Very 111.
NEW YORK, March 12.— J. G. Schrie
ber, general traffic manager of the South
ern Pacific Company, with offices in
New York, iB very ill at the Hoffman
House.
NOT IN FAVOR
OF A MONOPOLY
Opposition to the Bill
for a Cable to
Hawaii.
Minority of the House Com
mittee to Introduce a
Substitute.
Similar in Essential Features, Except
That No Corporation Is
Named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House, 'j
Washington, March 12.
Representative Corliss of Michigan
to-day completed the minority report I
of the House Committee on Interstate
and Foreign Commerce against the bill \
reported by that committee for the es
tablishment of a Pacific cable.
The original bill provided for the j
subsidy of the Pacific Cable Company !
at the rate of $100,000 for twenty years j
and for the completion of the cable to I
Honolulu by 1900 and to Japan and j
China by 1901. The substitute offered j
by Mr. Corliss and Mr. Fletcher of Mm- i
nesota also provides for a subsidy of j
not exceeding $100,000, but it eliminates ,
! the name of the corporation and has ;
a provision for advertisement by the
Postmaster General and the co-opera- !
tion of the Government of Japan.
The report indorses the proposition
for a cable, but objects to the bill .of
the majority, because it grants an ex
clusive monopoly and a subsidy of j
$2,000,000 and holds that all franchises i
should be open to competition, and j
also that another American corporation
I is ready to enter into a contract to
construct the cable.
The report says: •
It is well known that Japan stands
ready to grant a. like or greater subsidy
J for the construction of this cable, in ad- j
idition to the subsidy proposed in these
i measures, and it is believed that for the ,
i public good the President should be |
! clothed with power to secure the co-op
j eration of Japan for the construction and
! maintenance of this all-important public
j work, and the minority, therefore, submit
| an amendment authorizing such action,
with the expectation that such co-opera- ;
ation and competition will result in secur
ing the establishment of a cable at a i
j much less figure tnan it is proposed to I
! grant to the Pacific Cable Company by
the measure submitted by the majority
] of the committee.
STICKEEN ROUTE A FAILURE.
The Mild Weather Causes Too Much
Slush on the Ice.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 12.— Steamer
Amur from Fort Wrangle reports that
the Stlckeen route to the Klondike is a
failure as a water route. On account of
the mild weather there is a slush on the
ice and it is impossible to make any prog
ress.
The report thnt the steamer Cottage
City is again ashore is without founda
tion. She was seen at Mary's Island by
the Amur, seeking shelter from the
storm. She should arrive to-morrow.
SANTA BAEBABA SUIT.
SANTA BARBARA, March 12.— Louisa
T. J. Thompson has filed a suit in the
Superior Court asking judgment against
HERE
Is a wealth of muscle, blood
and sinew. You can see
auite a number of such
fine, heartu fellows anu
dau in the week if uouwill
go to anu foundru or iron
works. Not all men who
work at the iron trade
are strong and powerful, of
course, and it is true that
all men who look well are
not sure to be full of the
big backbone it is neces-
saru to have in order to be
perfect. That is one thing
everu one should pau at-
tention to. It is the essen-
tial thing in man. When
uou find that uou are be-
ginning to weaken in anu
wav uou mau be sure that
uou are no longer all uou
ought to be. If uour will
power is getting weak, if
uour knees are not auite
steady, if uou are ill at
ease all the time, uou are
" losing uour backbone," as
it is often called. That is
not auite right, but uou
will prettu soon find that
uou have a weak and a lame
back. The great evil about
this thing is that uou get
worse all the time. There
Is a leakage somewhere in
the sustem, and it grows
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market a,nd Ellis Streets,
6/\IS FRANCISCO, CAI~.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^ _ J.-...L-.:
CT ¥ ¥ ¥^- i
SILK I
Department, j
We take pleasure in informing our |
patrons that we have just received a large |
shipment of New Silks for Spring, in ex- 1
quisite styles, comprising Plaids and |
Stripes, which we shall place on sale com- |
mencing to-morrow at the following excep- |
tionally low prices : . \ |
CP £S?C 2250 yards Plaid Taffeta Silks, in rich |
a^6 * M yard bright colorings. On sale at 85c. \ g
F f\ Ft U
g*m+ 25 1850 yards New Plaid Taffeta Silk» I
0 ' RD excellent quality ; the colors in bright £,'
and exquisite effects. On sale at $1.25. 1
I
o— o— o— o— o— o <•)
EXTRA ! EXTRA! j
£gr^ 1500 yards of Satin Finish Foulards, S
W^ zTb 24 inches wide excellent quality. @
V^^V -«■*- YARD Worth $1 25 and $1.00. . ©
Worth $1.25 and $1.00.
• v ft
George Staaoke and the executrix and
heirs of the Thomas Bell estate in the
sum of $50.ftQ«>. borrowed money. The
property involved in the suit was taKen
up some time ago by a settlers' league in
the Santa Ynez Valley, near Los Olivos,
and contains 20,655 acres.
PRISON GUARD WHITE
DIES AT SAN QUENTIN.
For the Past Six .Years He Had Been
on Duty at the Peni
tentiary.
SAX QI'KXTIX PRISON, March 12.—
Sergeant of the Guard Benjamin White
died here to-night ;it 8:30 of enlargement
of the liver. He had been sick for about
three weeks and up to to-day it was
thought he might recover. This afternoon
he had a relapse and became uncon
scious, remaining so up to the time of his
ile;ith.
Sergeant Wmte was one of the most re
spected men in the service. At one time
bigger and bigger as the
days go by. If it goes on !
for any length of time big
lines of care appear on the ;
forehead and around the
mouth. Manhood is going
before its time. There Is j
great need for the instant
stopping of the trouble. The
earlier the better. Doubters
say, "Willanythingdothis:
with certainty?" The con-
fident answer is YES. But
it must be admitted that
there is only one thing that
will with a complete assur-
ance of perfect success.
That is the remedio-treat-
ment known as "Hudyan."
This is a superior specific,
Its fame is in every land
and its friends are to be
found everywhere. It stops
losses in a week, no matter
from what cause arising.
It replaces all the lost
tissue and recreates the
man. Just think what it
has done. It has completely
cured 20,000 of the most
difficult cases, Volumes of
testimonials are stored in!
he was vice president of the Excels^ r
Powder Works at Port Costa and for the
imst six years he had been sergeant of
the guard at this prison under W
Hale. He was an old resident of Sooj ■ ,
near Santa Cruz. He was 67 years old
Peter Herringer, who has had charge of.
the laundry here, will succeed him.
May Hempstead Wins Again.
NEW ORLEANS, March 12.— The
weather was fine to-day and the track
fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling, Everest won.
Meddler second, Russella third. Tim-,
1:28*4.
One mile and twenty yards, Dlnsmo r^
won, Joe Shelby second, Oninoor thini
Time. 1:41
Handicap, six furlongs, J. A. Gray won,
Takanas.se second, Ella Penzance third.
Time. 1:14.
Lightning stakes, two-year-olds, five
furlongs. May Hempstead won. Sir Flor
ian second, Dr. Sam third. Time, 1:02
One mile and a sixteenth, selling. Lake
view Palace won. Lago second, Jim Con
way third. Time, 1:50.
Six furlongs. Hums won, /Gold C"m
second, Nannie Dunn third. Time? 1:15.
the Hudsonian Institute,
telling all about what it has^
accomplished for the erring,
the weak and the hopeless,
And from there alone is this
wondrous aid to manhood to
be obtained. Free circulars
and testimonials are sent
or given to all who wish
them gladly. If it is incon-
venient to call just write a
line or two and uou will get
all the help you need in
the wav of medical advice,
with the circulars . and
testimonials, absolutelu
free of all charge. And uou
will haye the opportunity
to become a grand man
again swiftly,
3 «. £
: HUDYAN J
I! CIRCULARS FREE! \
,U_ ■■■■■■■■■■■■&
There is a large amount of
Dlood taint abroad. Sometimes
people have it who do not sus-
pect themselves, Slight swell-
ings or lumps in the throat, yery
dry and scaly skin, copper-
colored spots, loose teeth and
small ulcers in the mouth are
some few of the signs. The
Hudsonian 30-DAY ,- BLOOD
CURE" copes with this disease
at once and clears the system of
all poison surely and yery
rapidly. It acts with eaual Ger-
tainty on all forms of the
trouble — primary, secondary
and tertiary. Circulars telling
all about this are quite free, too.
Ask for them, - , dT3E EMPORIUM.
Another of Delorme's marvelous
paintings — " Interieur de Ferme,"
the :cir;panion piece to "The Black-
smi'h" — will be exhibited inourart-
roon, beginning Monday, March 28.
Dress Goods for Spring.
A collection double, yes, almost treble the quantity, and sorts that
we have hitherto shown— assortments that will compare favorably with
any in the country. If the largest variety to select from at lowest
r-p{(ft f^~~~y '^U v--v --— ■ --=»- — possible prices will
J^ fr^Hy j^^^^j^S Lsj win your trade, we i
*,(?'' %t^3^B iciilifci^ |<^><safes afe bound tO Se
zt LJc ~ JPJE fe^Stsl Eil^i vo ° your spring cos-
\ VV3^^r^lD(% /^^ir^Ts^l^l tume. This week's
TM^^^^y^^ SS^i^S ' show consists, in {
wwtkf^^^^'- part of:
*!lfe^*lS^l Bayaderes Grenadines French Challies
!l 'X\^^[ I Whipcords Cheviots Tweeds
\ vZ^^>px\ Pehble Cloths Vigeraux Velours
7^\^.yJo'- Etamines Covert Cloths 'Berbers
*4piw'*^^ Crepons London Diagonals Poplins
Wool Genuine French Challies, in charming Dresden, floral
and spray effects, cream tinted, navy and black grounds, per yard 50c
All-Wool Selr-Color Figured Poplin— 4s inches wide— an entirely
new spring fabric— pretty and extremely dressy— the latest spring
colorings of course — per yard • • • • • • • • • $1.00
Silk and Wool Two-Toned Bayadere Crepon— inches wide-
very latest novelty in fancy dress material— shown in all the new
colorings — per yard : • • ''!"
Black Brocaded Etamine— inches wide— shown in six Raye and figured de-
signs— excellent value at 75c a yard— opening price...... • 50c
Figured All-Wool Black Berber Cloth— 50 inches wide— shown in ten new
designs— actually worth 5i. 35 a yard— price $1.00
Interesting Siik Display.
We have striven for the best display of tasteful selections. The vanguard of the
great silk stock shows the careful work of our buyers, both in improving qualities
and lowering prices. , • „ \» 
Black All-siik Grenadines— 24 inches wide— plain, iron frame and brocaded— 
50c, /sc, $1 and $1.25 a Yard.
. Black All-silk Grenadines— 44 inches wide, striped and brocaded— ail the new
spring designs- $|> $|^ $2 to $3>s()>
All-silk Foulard— 24 inches wide— new stripes and polka dots— all the different
widths of stripes— dots smallest to the largest— latest color effects— per yard. $1.00
Silk and Wool Poplins— 22 inches wide— new spring colorings— yard... 51.50
Two-toned Block Checked Taffetas— fancy stripe taffetas— two- toned jacquard
figured checks— all new color effects— per yard $1.00
Butterick Patterns
For Spring.
Now ready — Prices reduced
on patterns of the new fash-
ions, giving an opportunity to
secure the best patterns in
the world at prices lower than
in any previous season. Cata-
logues and Fashion Sheets mailed
free to any address.
" The Delineator," April number
now ready. This fashion magazine
appeals to cultivated tastes as pre-
: eminently the model of highest ex-
. .elJence in fashionable and literary
wihaxm. Subscription price $1.00 —
Pinole copy 1 5 cents. -
Emporium and Qoldin Rule 'Bazaar Tai-
tern Department.
Latest Books.
Published Our
Price. Price.
Doyle, "A Desert Drama" *1 50 $1 36
V.Vyman, "Shrewsbury" 150 135
Pool. "Bed Bridge Neighbor-
hood" 1 M 1 35
Kirk "RevoJt of a Daughter"... 125 1 10
Mrs. Browning. • ."Letters" 4 00 3 60
Fox, "The Kentucklans". 1 25 1 10
Hope, "Simon Dale" 150 135
Hobbes, "School for Saints" 1 60 1 35
Woods. "An Elusive Lover" 1 00 • 90
Sienklewlcz, "Hania" 2 00 ISO
George, "'Sclenca of Political -"■--■
Economy" • ISO SIS
Duncan, "Voyage of Consola-
tion" 150 135
Men's Spring Furnishings.
The new styles and colorings in Fancy Shirts are ready — and a bewildering as-
sortment they make. Light Blues, Pink, Sea Green and Buff are conspicuous
2mong the spring colorings. The new Neckwear consists chiefly of Stripes, Plaids
and Dots in *oft finished silks.
J Men's new spring colored bosom and all colored bodied
1 Shirts, with separate link cuffs and ties to match— a <j*i (\f\
.very large assortment — price, each \JH»W
Men's new spring colored bodied Shirts, with two separate
pairs of link cuffs and tie to match, in the newest and «^| rzf\
nobbiest colorings— price, each CJH.vJv
?c Men's new spring Golf Shirts, with separate link c ffs and
Yj tie to match, in Madras Percale and Crepe — a very <h| f\f\
V* handsome variety to select from — price, each *j>l»vFVr
v . '/ French Madras Golf Shirts *i cA
> flWgfl/' $1.5U
' JHtßrri' Boys' Golf Shirts, in fancy Percales pa. anrl T^r
tggW and Madras 3UC dllU /Jt
•kz^^ 3^"? Men's new spring Neckwear, in Tecks, Puffs, ; Band Bows
<^y f% and Four-in-Hands, in the newest fashionable shades of'tA-
•- Jj -"* stripes, etc. — price; each............... ..........;........... 3\JC
To- Morrow's Grocery Specials.
These four exceptional values in the Grocery Depart-
ment to-morrow and Tuesday only. See the daily bulletin
in grocery show window for the special 1 cuts in prices of
pure foods. Telephone — South
(Palmetto Extra Standard Peaches and Apricots — regularly 3 cans for 50c — for '
the 2 days I2juc
Maine Sugar Corn — regularly 13c can— for the two days ...........— 10c
Sal regularly 15 lbs 25c for the two days 25 1b5........... 25c
Glass Jars— Jams and Jellies — regularly 18c glass— for the two days 15c
li^Em pori v m andGo Iden liv leßazaar
*#JgjtJ}C^rbftera of $prin§ Fashions.^^^^^^-^
""V ..' • .....' ,"_.'. l ' ' '•■'■'.'■ ■."..-. v, ... .. ... ■ ' . -.. N "... r "'"'.'■ lc ' .......' ' .".' '"
FHtST FIELD DAY
AT STANFORD
Bad Weather, but Many New
Men Win Laurels by Their
Performances.
Mila Walk wnd Hammer-Thro wing
Are the Mo^t Satisfactory
Events. *
special Diepatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 12.—
The first university iield day of the sea
eon was held on the campus this after
THE EMPORIUM.
Tfie Arrival ofSprin§.
Spring '98 Openings — Millinery, Cloaks and Suits.
To-morrow and during the week, the largest and most exclusive showing of Fashionable Millinery ever seen in California. The department beautifully decorated for the occasion —
pretty arches over the aisles, show-cases lighted with incandescent lights, etc. The opportunity of choosing first from hundreds of hats and bonnets — no two alike.
EXCLUSIVE FRENCH-PATTERN HATS
AND BONNETS AND NOVEL DE-
& Ml SIGNS FROM our own ex-
j&oA yi'^h TENSIVE WORKROOMS.
lfeirt-§ir osoP^s Lively Headwear for spring designed by the
sii^s»'^B JS- sle^? world's most famous milliners — many of the hats
\. k s&fp&^liL f3p>-'" . copied from celebrated paintings in the palace of
3^*^ the Luxembourg and the Louvre, from famous por-
*^^* $$£*'* traits by Watteau and Rubens. ■ ;-•
>^,lk^^^*^y Among them are the . magnificent ghats' qf
< '^S^V» vS^^b.j-'^fe*^ Charlotte Corday's time, the original Jane Had-
-C^M^h^M ing hat> the Sne P herde ss, the Marie Antoinette
Silp§|§^ tS^&&ZM and Among them are the magnificent hats of
vi^^J-j^fe^ Charlotte Corday's time, the original Jane Had-
JQ ~^^^M -^^^ ' ng hat> the Shepherdess, the Marie Antoinette
EP W>l^yNtii> and man y others.
w^o^*i J-V^Wy And the four colors that will most be worn
lllffr r \ rM. are CAPUCINE (the rusty brown of the Capuchin j
Jj^. / Friar's cassock), COQUE ROCHE (cock of the j
<%sfit rock), OTERO (the yellow shade of a partly de- !
" cayed orange) and TURQUOISE BLUE.
To miss this display will be to miss the grandest millinery opening the season.
We guarantee prices and styles to compete with any store in America.
i noon. Although liberal handicaps were
; given, a surprisingly large number of new
i men won glory for themselves. A cold J
| wind which was blowing from the north |
I affected the work greatly. Some of the '
i men, not mending the coldness of the air, i
I did exceptionally well. Others were ]
I chilled, and their performances were not !
I as good as usual.
The most satisfactory events consider-
ing the scanty work the men have been '
i doing were the mile walk, the mile run :
! and the hammer throw.
Lousley, the freshman walker, won one
of the best races ever seen on the Stan- j
ford track, overtaking on the stretch two j
men with 200-yard handicaps.
In the mile run, Smith 99, scratch, ,
passed a long string of handicap men, and
finished in 4:52 2-5.
Charlie Fickert, the stalwart Varsity
! guard, threw the hammer 132 feet, which ;
j mark it is thought he • can move slill
I farther down the Held.
Ed Morgan '01 succeeded in running the
i 120-yard hurdles In the remarkably fast
i time of 15 3-5 seconds. It was found. how
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJXDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
with the br/aht-hued mer- ) \^f ("^7
transformation at one W£s^ih k($K
bound from the sober tints X * JJpJpfK ffl%\ / vlr^%r\
It will take many pleasant hours to see all of the new things.
You will be delighted with the beautiful Millinery, and the many
CHIC styles of Jackets and Suits will make a choice difficult,
because all so charming. All of the fashionable weaves of
Dress Goods, the wonderful conceptions of the silk weaver,
the dainty effects in Wash Fabrics, the seasonable fads in
Neckwear, etc., etc., herald springs debut.
Ready With Men's '98 Clothing
No need to patronize a merchant tailor— we'll fit you just as well and for less monsy— and th?n the variety to
choose from here is another inducement. Progress and added experience in manufacturing Men's Clothing enable us to
I offer our new Spring Clothes at lower prices than equally as good qualities have been soid tor in previous seasons.
Blu% grays and browns in pretty shades and quiet patterns are the correct styles. Here are three iines ot Sack Suits in
new spring fabrics:
At Seven Fifty your choice ot an immense variety
§of new Spring Suits in dark mixed Tweeds and all- •
wool Cheviots, in light and dark colors — they are cut J^ 50
and made with care and style — the same grade we g
sold last season for $10
At Ten Dollars a choice of 40 different styles and
patterns of Sack Suits in nobby Scotch Plaids and Eng-
lish Tweeds, Fine Worsteds — quality and trimmings
like the $12.50 suits of last spring— they are as care- QQ
fully cut and fit as well as though they cost $25— the VJ
opening price is
At Fifteen Dollars we show you a number of dif-
ferent styles of Men's Dress and Business Suits—
they're tailors' fabrics and tailors' patterns, embrac-
ing all of the new shades in gray and brown, in almost
endless combinations — checks, broken bars, invisible •
plaids and mixtures, imported black clay worsteds.
These suits all sewed with silk; have fine Italian lin-
ing, piped seams, stitched edges, fancy stitched
F U^, sleeve lining. This is where we leave the realms of j [■* QQ
ready-made and vie with the stars of custom-made
tailoring ;
ever, he had beaten me pistol In getting
off. The hurdlf-s, too, were arranged fa
vorably for fast time and a strong wind
was at hi.s back.
Among the new men Cantwell, Stewart
and Symonds distinguished themselves In
the sprints. With a couple of seasons
training they will all make valuable men.
One hundred yard dash— Won by Cant
well '01, handicap four and a half yards,
time, :10 2-5, Diggles "99, handicap one and
a half yards, second; Stewart "01, handi
cap five and a half yards, third.
Two hundred and twenty yard dash—
W r on by Cantwell 01 (seven yards), time,
:24 2-5; Birch (scratch), Second; Diggles
(three yards), third.
Four hundred and forty y,ard dash-
Won by Morgan 01 (scratch), time, :56 1-5:
Diggles '99 (scratch), second; Bauer
(scratch), third.
Eight hundred and eighty yard run —
Won by Bauer (sixty yards), time. 2:09 4-5;
Strout '01 (scratch), second: Walker '98
(.scratch), third.
Mile run— Won by Smith "99 (scratch),
time, 4:52 2-5; Arnold '00 (eighty-five
yards), second; Ferrari (125 yards), third.
Shot-DUt— Won by Fickert '98 (scratch),
THE EMPORIUM.
ELEGANT ULTRA-FASHIONABLE SUITS
JACKETS, CAPES, SKIRTS.
Never at any opening so early in the season «a^
has such a large " assortment of exclusive, Wsfc
stylishly tailored garments been shown. '■<.. /jf&sJ 4&mi)
New Jackets, $6.43 to $40. yjy
New Capes, $4.93 to $43. fy .' 'INJ
New Tailor Presses, $13 to $43. .-J^rL-^ '
New (Model Gowns, $45 to $80. JIiSXB os& I
New Silk Waists, $4.95 to $15. IWfflTk \
New Skirt Waists, 19c to $4.30. rfipKjt/ I
:^:i? Silk Skirts, Bayadere effects, $7. to $23. /t' .' .^p*V^V^^^Sr ■
Special Opening Inducements. / ■T^ tfifu -
New Fly-Front Jackets; all-wool tan covert, <£q qc? ■ L] ( 7f U \\
lined with heavy fancy-striped all-silk taff;ta «4>cf«JvJ , E \ j^ .11 \\
. New Tailor Dresses, navy or black all-wool serge, all- l;jj\ r Il\ j[ Vt" \\\
silk taffeta lined skirt and jacket, easily <£|Q aa ' /'/]' U/>7 Ttt \\\
worth $2?.:. ..:.........: .......: q)IO.UU ,!>. .\w l\M\
■Never before such values so early in the season. .. ': > 11/ L • ft A^V*^
Dressmaking and Ladies' Tailoring Mi_^M &l : \U
Departments.
Exhibition to-morrow and during the week of imported V . ';
Model Gowns and N?w Spring Cloths! Dressmaking and
LaJies' Tailoring Detirtmenl— of Millinery Department. ..
thirty-eight feet nine inches; Morgan '01
(one foot), thirty-eight feet two inches;
Dale '98 (four feet), thirty-five feet nine
inches.
High jump— Won by Boyd (two inches),
five feet eight inches; Dale '98 (scratch),
five feet seven inches; Morgan '01
(scratch), five feet six inches.
Broad jump— Won by Dale (scratch),
twenty-one feet two and a half inches;
Hopper '01, second; Symonds "01. third.
Mile walk— Won by Lousley '01 (scratch),
time. 8:213-5; W r right '01 (200 yards), sec
ond; Cranston (200 yards), third
"Champion" McCoy Talking.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Richard K.
Fox received the following telegram to
day from Kid McCoy, who signs himself
"Champion of the World." The dispatch
is dated Fort Wayne. Ind.:
"Thanks for congratulations. Will ac
cept all challenges and tight two cham
pionship battles if necessary every year
with legitimate challengers to defend the
title and keep the honors and the Police
Gazette championship belt here."
THE EMPORIUM.
SURMOUNT THE
TULE OBSTACLE
Heavy Trestling and Filling In
to Be Done on the* Valley
Road.
It Will Make the Route Between
Stockt n and This City About
E ghty-Seven Miles.
Special Dispatch to The Call. • t
STOCKTON, March 12.— The prelimin
ary surveys for the route of- the Valley
road across the treacherous tules have
THE EMPORIUM.
The New Knit Underwear.
Never as complete assortments. No matter what wou want, it's
here. By comparison only can. you appreciate the variety of kinds and
fairness of the prices.
or black, sizes 4, 5 jj * )j| ftT [\\ A /\\j\ /^r t XT%
Low neck and sleeveless ....50csr/l £.\ I 7
High neck and 1-4 sleeves. .60c ]M /o ) j y
High neck and long sleeves.. ....... 75c U II
Ladies' Imported Ribbed Lisle Equestrienne j^j jj /^a4 lr- -.
Tights, ankle length, open or closed, pink, blue, » [V^y//
ecru and black, sizes 4, 5 and 6, per pair. .. .$1.25 V
Ladies' Best Quality Imported Swiss Ribbed Cotton Union Suits —
extra well finished— ecru and white—
Low Neck and Sleeveless- • • vo °
High Seek, Long or Short Sleeves $'-5O
nign l\ecK, uvng or^>v
In black, pink or blue —
Low Neck and Sleeveless - • £'"/5" /5
High Neck, Long and Short Sleeves ».1... ........£/.
Ladies' Imported Fancy Cotton Hose, black boots, red, blue* yel-
low and white stripe tops, sizes 8 to 10, per pair 25c
Ladies' Imported Fancy Lisle Thread Hose, black boots and
Persian stripe tops, also fancy drop-stitch Roman stripes down to toe,
all sizes— B to 10 — per pair .' . . . ... ■ ;. -50c
Wash Goods Are Ready.
San Francisco's largest assortment of delicately tinted gauzy fabrics
await your approval, and wise is the shopper who appreciates the im-
portance of early selections. Special exhibits this week of the new spring
styles of woven and printed Wash Fabrics, foreign and domestic. "Swo
specials :
300 pieces of 32-Inch Printed Irish Dimities, in 35 styles to
be found only in this store, per yard ZOC
5000 yards Extra Wide Scotch Madras, in 25 exclusive
styles, per yard .... ... J: •• . I3C
New Spring Footwear.
Ladies' Handsome Silk Vesting Top Lace Shoes— in black ■': '"•
vici or new tan shadrof chrome kid — made on the new lasts andj >.■■■
toes — a very handsome shoe— in a J3.50 quality — Cf} f%f| °\^'^l
opening price ...1.v... g>A«vJv °\2?y\
Misses' Chocolate or Black Lace Spring Heel Shoes, q>t ms ' S^T^fl
I with silk vesting lace pieces— new toe— siz*s 11 to 2- v . *JH»t-vJ Jf3Gek*?sL
Children's, same as the Misses'— sizes B}s to <£i /^*\B.^n
igx......:...:-. .:..:..:.. - : ■ vDl.^v
Children's, same as the Misses' — sizesb to 8 \..... Q^r y^&^^C^
' The above lines are new and nobby and are remark- /^lL^fr
ably good shoe-values. ..
- ■'•■-■• ■■■ . * -
Specials in Leather Goods .
And Toilet Articles.
■ . ■ : ■ ■•
, ; . -, " Ladies' Combination Pocket-Book and Purse— imitation Monkey
£3§fwp skin in new colors— black. grain leather— botn wiih sterling silver
vC^tSi- ' corner*. — also in fancy embossed leather — plain corners — "3Qp
TV*- stoutly made and well finished at..............-..'...."..... ..—• -JZf\*
*: Beyelec-edge French Plate Hand ;;;. : -j^* . J •.--'■•
': ' Mirrors — 4x6 inches — regular, price,^i- • . /f ■ <i "~ii
M^.A j 40c — special "Coco*a : "Castile .-^-rr-r— . ' . pfc^^J
M^-J J Andrew Jurgen's Cocoa Castile >v^ N .\
Soap— 4 tablets to each bar— will sell X |^>\S^i»o. kj
special Monday and during the j»^» ; "• ' "-V* — , --^-0)
g week— 1000 bars at ; :
Best quality, selected stock Whisk Brooms, with triple silver-plated /y j- r
; handle— each ..:...... —— • **Jy>
been practically completed, and one of
the lines agreed on as the permanent one.
This will make the route between Stock
ton and San Francisco a fraction over
eighty-seven miles. The route decided on
calls for s"ome heavy trestling. There will
be also considerable filling In, but at no
place will the embankment be more than
ten feet high. The route from Point
Richmond east across the Contra Costa
hills to Pacheco slough was selected
some time ago. Between Pachc-Co slough
and the western end of the tules the sur
veyors are now closing their work, and
one of the three surveys made in that
locality will be selected within a few
days. Grading on the extension will be
commenced next month.
Director Payson says no time will be
lost in pushing the work west of Stock
ton, beginning late in April, if rain does
not interfere. There will be but few
curves and the grades will be reduced to
a minimum by reason of the 5700 foot
tunnel through the Contra Costa hills
and the proposed steel viaduct, 1200 feet
long, across one end of the Alhambra
Valley, in Contra Costa County.
The route chosen extends almost direct
THE EMPORIUM.
People shop here by mail with
almost equal satisfaction as though
they could come in person. Care-
ful selection — prompt shipment —
no delay.
Another bale
Flannelettes.
10,000 yards of the best
quality and choicest styles
made in Standard Cotton Ten-
nis Flannels, worth ioc and
i22ca yard, will go on sale
Monday and while they last,
at bargain tables, in main
aisle 8c
No limit to our
Customers— but
None sold to the trade.
These Linens
Are Bargains.
On sale to-morrow and
while they last. Linen Sec-
tion back of elevators :
25 pieces of Bleached All-Linen
Table Damask — 66 inches wide —
in a variety of the newest pat-
terns — worth 90c the yard — special
price 75c
500 dozen Full Size Bleached All-
Linen Huck Towels — fringed or
hemmed ends — plain white or col-
ored borders — worth $1.75 dozen —
will be $1.50
ly west from Stockton, and passes over
the spot where a short stretch of roadbed
was made not long ago with fascines as
a base on which to put sand. More sand
Is to be put on the fascines, and this will
continue until the roadbed sinks deep
enough to reach a solid foundation in the
marsh. The cost of constructing a road
bed in that manner can then be estimated
and compared with the cost of trestle
work.
JURY FAILS TO AGREE.
Second Trial of Westlake at Salina*
Comes to Naught.
SALINAS, March 12.— The jury in the
case of ex-Tax Collector Charles L.
Westlake, after deliberating since Thurs
day night, failed to agree and this after
noon Judge Dorn discharged them. They
stood ten for conviction and two for ac
quittal. This Is the second time a Jury
has disagreed on this case. Westlake is
under five indictment* for embezzling
county money aggregating 05,000. On the
first charge he was acquitted.
56
SUNDAY MARCH 13. 1898
JOHN D. 'SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
Address All Communications' to W..S. LEAKE, Manager,'
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarK«t and Third StS.. S.F.
Telephone Main 186 S. i( , ;
EDITORIAL R00M5..... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCIBCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. • ' •*""-'*";:
THE WEEKLY CALL ...One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE. -908 Broadway ■
Eastern Representative; DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE.. ..Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfta House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lorkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
I 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- Nw. corner Twenty-second and j
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— '• Mysterious Mr. Bug-le," to-morrow night
Columbia— Primrose and West's MlnatreiS.
California— "Town Toplcß."
Alcazar— "A Gilded Fool."
Morosoo'a— "The Woman in Blaok."
Tlvoli— "The Geisha-"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets— Recitals of Scottish
Song and Story, Monday Evening-. March 21.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture on Phrenology. Monday night.
The Chutes— Chlquita ami Vaudeville.
Coursing— lngle«lde Coursing Park. thlß mornin«r.
California Jockey Club. Oak land —Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
Br T. McDonald— Monday, March 14, Silks, etc., at 116 Grant
avenne, at 11 a. m. and '.' p. ni.
THE COMING OF MELBfI.
REPORTS to the effect that Mine. Melba, with a
distinguished company of operatic stars, is to
make a tour of this coast will be received with
considerable gratification by San Francisco. In the
6rst place her coining will please our musical people
by reason of her excellence in opera, and in the sec
ond place it will be gratifying to the citizens gener
ally a? an evidence that San Francisco is becoming
a city of such importance that it can afford the best
of everything and is so regarded by those who have
to stake money on the venture of bringing it to us.
That Melba will be well received here goes without
saying. This city has been called a "jay town" by
many celebrities of third rate importance, but no star
of the first magnitude has ever had occasion to com
plain of our audiences. Every artist of the first rank
has found in San Francisco a reception worthy of his
merits, and, what is more, there has been gener
ally a true appreciation of his work. Mme. Melba.
therefore, has only to bring with her a company
equal to the task of fitly supporting her in order to
win a brilliant success here and make her visit what
her manager announced it to be, "a triumphal tour."'
From the very character of its population San
Francisco ought to be the most artistic city in the
world with the exception of Paris. Next to that bril
liant cap^al San Francisco contains the most cos
mopolitan population of any large city on the globe.
Its society is infused with the blended tastes and
talents of men and women representing every highly
artistic, race. English. French. German. Italian and
Spanish are all with us in numbers large enough to
exert an influence on the general culture of the city,
and among each there are persons of sufficient emi
nence and brilliance to make their racial influence an
elevating and illuminating factor in our social life.
The excellence of our local artists is an evidence
of the carefulness and talent with which music has
been studied in this city, and the liberal support
nearly always given to good musical entertainments
proves the popular delight in it. In one thing only
are we likely to fall short of according to Melba a
reception equal to her worth and our appreciation.
We have not in this city an opera-house on a scale
commensurate with the importance music holds in
our civilization. That, however, will come in due
time. This is destined to be one of the artistic centers
of the world, and every star of the magnitude
of Melba who comes to us aids in the work of edu
cating us to that standard and hastening the realiza
tion of the destiny.
THE FERRY DEPOT SCANDAL.
* I "HE story published in The Call yesterday of the
manner in which some of the most important
* contracts for work on the new ferry depot have
been manipulated constitutes a serious scandal in
volving the Commissioners to whom was entrusted
the duty of erecting the edifice. As was stated in the
story, "there is reason to believe that the State has
been deliberately cheated. Every apparent evidence
tends to show that while certain materials and work
were contracted for other materials and work have
been utilized, these being of inferior quality, but pud
for as though of the higher quality."
Evidences sufficient to raise a suspicion of bad and
dishonest practice are to be found in several depart
ments of work. The greatest single item of the kind
thus far disclosed is that of the flooring, where the
substitution of the expanded metal floor for the terra
cotta arched floor called for by the contract seems to
have netted a profit to somebody of more than
$39,500. Another job appears to have been per
petrated in the substitution of Tennessee marble for
interior finish in place of the enameled brick speci
fied in the contract. On this deal there was a rake-off
of about $13,000, and there is no evidence that the
State got it.
From these instances the manner in which the
work as a whole has been carried on may be judged.
It is not likely that the jobbers confined their job
bery to the particular parts of the work to which The
Call has directed attention. It is more reasonable to
suppose that the same kind of manipulations of con
tracts were practiced to a greater or less degree
everywhere, and that in almost all departments of the
work of construction there has been some scheme de
vised by which the State has paid for good material
and received something of an inferior quality.
The subject is one for the Grand Jury. That body
should make a thorough investigation into every con
tract let on the building and a careful examination of
the work done under it. The story is a shameful one,
but it would be more shameful still to permit to pass
unpunished such offenses as seem to have been com
mitted. The people of California have paid a
large price for the great depot now so rapidly near
\ig completion and have a right to hold in strict ac
countability all who have had charge of the work.
The Grand Jury should enter upon the investigation
it once and proceed upon the motto of Grant, "Let
ho sruilty man escape."
GOS BANKING AT 0N END.
JUDGMENT having been confessed in the suit
brought by Henry James to recover a $5 meter
deposit from the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, it is now in order for all depositors in
the carbon monoxide banks of that. corporation and
the Pacific Gas Improvement Company to apply for
their money. The offer of the Gas and Electric Com
pany to return Mr. James' deposit is equivalent to a
confession that it never had any right to exact the
security. Such being the case, it has no right to hold
the deposits of its other customers.
Concerning the abstract justice of permitting a
corporation to exact security from its patrons for
its bills nothing need be said. A sufficient answer
to any argument that may be made in support of
such a contention is found in the Civil Code, section
629. That section declares that gas companies must
on demand supply consumers with meters. It was
evidently framed to prevent the exaction of deposits.
The privilege of getting a meter was probably es
teemed small when compared with the privilege of
laying gas pipes in the streets conferred on the cor
porations by the people.
We trust that the two companies affected by the
principle now established by Mr. James will promptly
amend their rules. It is not right that they should
compel their customers to put up a money guarantee
of their ability or willingness to pay their bills. In
deed, that is an unwarranted reflection on them. It
is desirable tTiat the gas companies should dwell in
peace with the community. Gas is a very necessary
article and people who use it are generally glad to
pay for what they consume. The companies have a
lien on any property of their customers not exempt
from execution, and there is no occasion for them
to carry on a security banking business in connection
with the manufacture of illuminating commodities.
In short, the carbon monoxide banks should retire
from the field. We sincerely hope the Gas and Elec
tric and the Pacific Gas Improvement companies will
return the money of their customers without delay.
If they do not somebody will surely make them
further trouble. Some meddlesome attorney and an
inconsiderate court may find a way to make it cost
them a good round sum for willfully violating the
law.
CINCHED fIND SIDETRACKED.
ACCORDING to the Riverside Press there were
shipped from Southern California during the
first week in March 550 standard cars of
oranges of 336 boxes each, as against 383 cars for the
same period last year and 231 cars for the first week
of March, 1896. The total shipments for the season
have been 5824 cars, as against 3845 cars last year to
March 7. and 3363 cars to March 7, 1806. There are
now 6000 boxes of foreign oranges afloat, as against
55,000 boxes on March 7, 1897.
Upon the showing of these" figures the season
should be one of unusual prosperity in the orange
producing counties. There should have been larger
profits than in the past for the average orchardist
and the aggregate revenues of the community should
have been vastly increased. The prevailing tone of
the people should be one of contentment and a spirit
of sanguine hopefulness should be everywhere ap
parent.
Unfortunately it is not so. The increase in the
crop seems to have served no other purpose than to
augment the income of the railways over which the
oranges are sent to market. The competition between
the Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe, which in the
past has been of so much benefit to Southern Cali
fornia, has given way to some kind of traffic agree
ment between them and the rates charged the ship
pers of oranges are so high that scarcely any profit
remains to the producer after their payment.
The situation in the south has its counterpart in
this city. The Southern Pacific Company not only
holds up the cost of shipping California products
East, but it maintains exorbitant rates for passenger
travel and freight from the East to this city. Thus
while we ought to have received something like a
business boom from the Alaskan rush we have gained
but a comparatively small increase. The trade has
been largely carried to northern ports, and San Fran
cisco has had to make her fight for Alaskan business
not only against her natural competitors, but against
the opposition of the road that should have worked
energetically on her side.
With the southern counties cinched and San Fran
cisco sidetracked California has good reason and just
cause to complain of the manner in which her great
railway lines are conducted. It seems as if the man
agers of these roads are doing everything they can
to retard the progress of the State and are more eager
to grasp a few cents of undue revenue to-day than to
build up a trade that would bring them in dollars in
the place of cents in the future.
There can be no question of the folly of the tac
tics practiced by the monopoly. It would pay the
transcontinental roads to build up California and
promote every industry of its people. Such a course
would lead to the more rapid settlement of the State,
an increase of population, an expansion of industry
and a larger amount of business for the roads them
selves. Some spirit of perversity, however, has
dominated the minds of the monopoly managers and
they follow the policy of cinch and sidetrack with as
much keenness as if they were animated by a feeling
of hostility to the people rather than a desire to do
business.
It is a bad situation, and one whose problems are
hard to solve. The advance of the Valley Road, how
ever, gives promise that the solution will cont>« in
time. The competition of that road has already
broken the monopoly cinch in the San Joaquin, and
it may eventually do so for the whole State in the
traffic across the continent.
DISHONEST ADVERTISING.
NEW YORK merchants are at present engaged
in an effort to induce the Legislature of that
State to enact a law designed to protect honest
dealers and the general public from the effect of
swindling or fake advertising, which, from compara
tively small beginnings, is rapidly becoming almost
as great an evil in this country as the sale of adul
terated goods.
One style of the advertising complained of rarely
appears in legitimate newspapers. The fakers and
swindlers who resort to it are not willing to pay the
cost of such advertising even if the proprietors of the
papers would accept it. They have recourse to
a species of cheap publications common in the East
which have cunningly obtained the privilege of trans
mission through the mails as second class matter
and which for the most part are made up of these fake
advertisements.
Some of these advertisements, as one of our New
York contemporaries points out. are such transparent
humbugs that nobody would be deceived by them
except the man to whom you could sell a gold brick.
There are concerns that offer gold watches for $2 50;
that will sell diamond rings "to introduce the goods"
for $5; that have substitutes for diamonds, plated with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
real carbon and warranted to resist abrasion, which
will be sold for 75 cents a karat; that will give a
splendidly printed set of Dickens for $3; that will
send you a whole greenhouse full of palms for a dol
lar; that will supply you with a silver soup turee"n for
$2, and so on.
A man of ordinary intelligence of course would not
be deceived by such offers as these. A law to pre
vent them would therefore be a law for the protec
tion of fools and could be justified on the precedent
of laws that punish the selling of gold bricks. The
merchants of New York go further, however, in their
demands, and ask a law to prevent another form of
false advertising, which would not be so easily sup
pressed as a cheap fake business. They complain of
deceptions which consist in offering alleged bankrupt
stocks of various kinds at a great sacrifice and at
prices far below cost when there has been no bank
ruptcy, no sacrifice and the price is all that the goods
are worth.
This phase of the issue shows that the merchants
are trying to establish honesty by law, and that they
aim at suppressing not only swindling in the goods
themselves, but false representations to induce per
sons to purchase goods worth the price asked for
them. In this respect the New Yorkers seem to have
gone too far. It is one thing to punish a man for
selling a piece of brass at the price of gold, but it
would be too much to expect a Government to pre
vent a man from selling brass at the price of brass
simply because he claimed to be doing it at a sacri
fice.
The movement is interesting as another illustra
tion of the growing tendency to seek reforms of all
kinds by means of legislation, and if the bill should
be adopted by the Legislature the working of the law
would be studied with considerable attention
throughout the Union.
MEXICAN COINAGE AND WOGES.
IN the official account of his Mexican tour Mr.
Bryan says: "Mexico is a delightful place to visit.
Travel on the main lines is as safe, as comfortable
and as cheap as in the United States."
That he did not diverge from the main lines is
quite evident from his conclusions. He found many
people there from the gold standard countries en
gaged in business of various sorts. He does not re
port finding many laboring people from this country
there, and the reason is obvious when he comes to
discuss wages. On this subject he says that wages
are better than in 1873, when the Mexican silver dol
lar was at a premium over the gold dollar. From
this the inference is plain that it is a bad thing for
labor to have silver equal to or a shade better than
gold at a ratio of 16V2 to I.
No one disputes that the Mexico of to-day is more
prosperous than the Mexico of the past. There is no
sorcery in the reason for it, and conjuring, is not
necessary to discover it. Mexico was for years the
scene of constant revolutions; her property was
raided by rapacious chiefs who competed with each
other in despoiling her industries. The rights of
person and property were insecure, and, where that
is the rule, prosperity is but little known. Beginning
with the firm administration of the great Juarez, this
spirit of violence and spoliation was gradually
checked; Diaz has long conquered it entirely, and
foreign capital has laid lines of transportation. Prop
erty, being safe, has some reason for being sought by
industry, and compared with her past Mexico has
progressed and her prosperity has improved. Mr.
Bryan attributes this not only to the silver stan
dard, but apparently to the depreciation in the value
of that standard. Mexico was a silver country before
Juarez and when Diaz became President, and if the
mere adhesion to that standard will produce the con
ditions present in Mexico they should have been
there long ago.
When he considers wages, however, he flinches, de
claring that "it is not fair to compare wages in one
country with the wages in another country without
first making allowances for differences in efficiency,
differences in climatic conditions, in habits, etc."
This, then, is a confession that the silver standard
may not be counted on to favorably affect wages,
which depend on quite other things. It will be seen
that this is squarely contradictory of his contention
that the silver standard must be credited with the
present improved conditions in Mexico. Logic
and consistency, however, have no place in Mr.
Bryan's system.
An observer who saw Mexico at the time Mr.
Biyan did. but who was not a guest of the Govern
ment and did not confine himself to the "main lines"
of travel, investigated his way to quite different con
clusions. This gentleman, Dr. Van Ness Standish,
says that he found two-thirds of the people without
shoes. He found the laborers living in huts eight or
ten feet square, with no chimney, the fire being on
a hearth in the center and the smoke ascending
through a hole in the thatch roof. In these huts
there is no floor, table, stand, bed, candle or lamp, and
at night the peon wraps his zarepa about him and
lies down in the comer to rest.
Dr. Standish at Laredo exchanged one United
States dollar for $2 15 in Mexican money. A few
days later he got $2 22 in the same exchange.
The rate of exchange is the difference between
gold and silver values, and prices go up and
down with that fluctuation. To-day you buy
an article at one price, to-morrow at an
other. Asking the reason, you are told "the rate of
exchange governs these things." That is to say,
every day's price is as much silver as represents the
actual value of the article in gold.
He says that living is high and wages low. Street
laborers get 30 cents a day. The clerk of the Ameri
can Minister hired laborers on the grounds of the
legation at yj cents a day.
It is true that the salaries of skilled men are liberal.
Railway men, bookkeepers and those in similar kinds
of employment are well paid, but Dr. Standish says
this is offset by the high price of living, whether
measured in United States or Mexican money.
We have a letter from a skilled bookkeeper em
ployed in the City of Mexico asking for a position in
California in which he says:
"I am not satisfied in this country and long to re
turn to the States. The salaries paid are liberal
enough, but it takes $2 to btiy here what costs in the
States just half that much."
Finally, if Mr. Bryan found such superior condi
tions in Mexico there would pour into that country
a great stream of immigration from here. Men
change locations and countries to better their con
ditions, and superior conditions so near at hand as
Mexico would not lie unimproved by our people.
An Idaho woman was married just as the man of
her choice was starting for the penitentiary for a
twenty-five year stay. Whether she is entitled to
congratulations, and on what ground these should be
based, is a delicate question.
Spanish papers speak of the American flag as ob
noxious. Perhaps the Spanish will get to seeing it
so much before long that this feeling of evident un
friendliness will grow to actual hostility.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
While the German Empire is a long
way from us. and its affairs not partic
ularly our concern, we have at least the
right to wonder how it permits its des
tiny to be guided by a man who bub
bles over so frankly with the symptoms
of lunacy. The Kaiser can in a meas
ure disguise his game arm, but his
game intelligence is something not
to be hidden. While he sends to jail
such subjects as may speak or write
disrespectfully of him, his course would
seem naturally more objectionable to
his subjects than to outsiders. If they
choose to endure it, when they have
the privilege of coming to America,
perhaps it is as well that a few thou
sands of them should be locked up. But
the exuberant William must not at
tempt to lay down the law for the folk
he is pleased to term "Yankee." These
do not recognize his jurisdiction nor
stand In awe of his God-given wealth
of nerve. It seems to me that Boast
ing Billy in attending to his own busi
ness would find his time amply em
ployed.
That man Waller of the Board of
Education needs sitting upon. Why he
cannot do the public the small favor
of keeping out of sight is a mystery.
He annoys the senses. When an offi
cial is under indictment for attempted
bribery and the opinion that he is guilty
finds so many enthusiastic supporters
as this community affords, it is not too
much to ask that in the name of de
cency he assume an air of modesty,
even if the genuine arcticle is absent
from his_ composition. Waller now
seeks to have new text books intro
duced in the schools. Coming so soon
after the late outrage in the same di
rection, this is perhaps as striking an
instance of cheek as has been thrust
into notice. Not long ago pupils were
obliged to load themselves with worth
less but expensive books, since thrown
aside. Now Waller wants them to re
load. If Waller had as much judgment
as a clam or the sensitiveness of a
mud turtle, he would be now in con
cealment within his shell. It is not to
be expected of him that that shame
will prompt him to resign, but the most
distant recognition of decency would
cause him to keep silent unless he had
something to propose besides a new
scheme of robbery. Were I engaged in
compiling a list of local rogues I would
turn to the Board of Education as of
fering rich material to draw from, and
first on the list of W's would be the
name of Waller.
During discussion in the House of
the war appropriation at least two gen
tlemen fell into poetry, mixing the feet
sadly as they alighted. Both tried to
quote some lines almost as familiar as
if taken from a Mother Goose melody,
and each jnade a mistake. HoTvever,
they voted better than they quoted, and
all is forgiven.
It would be a boon to this community
to observe an instance of the death of
a rich man not followed by the up
springing of a surprising widow with a
lot of brats trained to- call the lamented
"papa." In cases where the widow gets
premature and announces herself be
foVe the grave has claimed her lord and
master the period of annoyance to
which the public is subjected is merely
lengthened. As Adolph Sutro Hes in
mental darkness on the borderland, the
inevitable woman appears. Perhaps
nobody would go so far as to say that
Sutro's life has been faultless, but for
one I believe the woman hovering with
her brood awaiting his death is on the
moral plane of the buzzard, a bird of
carrion prey which has no morals at all.
As if to add to the gloom naturally
following an event so somber as the
destruction of the Maine, George Par
sons L,athrop wrote some poetry about
it. This poetry, it is safe to affirm, is
the worst the occasion produced. It
lacks every element of song save the
one of sentiment, and this is marred
by the crude form of expression. Doubt
less any writer of less renown would
not only have been refused space for it,
but would have been advised by an ed-
itor of average discernment to essay
no literary work higher than the com
pilation of daily reports from the stock
yard. One verse of the stuff I quote.
There are several others as bad:
Men of the Maine, O, men of the Maine,
Sad thouph your fate beyond words.
Still your true aouls 'mid the flre and the pain
Rose high with the wind and the birds.
I do not profess to be a literary crit
ic, but the ability to detect such rot as
this on sight is not denied to any man
on whom heaven has bestowed intelli
gence which has enabled him to mas
ter the alphabet.
Last week a man in Oakland beat his
wife so that she had him arrested.
When he appeared in court the Judge
at the tearful solicitation of the beaten,
let the prisoner go free. I think that
in doing so the Judge erred. Wife
beating is not a pastime which appeals
to gentlemen. A lady belted by the
conjugal fist may, with a fair show of
reason, deem herself wronged. But
when she appears in court to beg for
the brute who has bruised her. my
sympathy vanishes. The error of the
Judge was in not punishing the fellow
for letting the wife off with so mild a
correcting.
There are all sorts of excuses ad
vanced by people who get into the po
lice court. However, it is seldom one
more peculiar than that advanced by a
man recently arrested for assault has
come to notice. He ' admits having
"soaked in the jaw" the gentleman who
made the complaint, but has a plea
to advance in mitigation. He says the
assaulted person had an aggravating
habit of taking out a pencil and sharp
ening It when engaged in conversation,
and that it was for this he soaked him.
Whether the plea will be deemed ade
quate I do not know. I had supposed
that any male owning a pencil and a
knife had a right to whittle as often as
he wished. Of course, had the owner
of the utensils been a woman, the case
would have presented a different as
pect. It is a matter of common knowl
edge that no woman has any right to
try to whittle a pencil, and yet the ut
most violence that would be justifiable
would be the depriving her of both
pencil and knife, doing it, however,
with all possible gentleness.
Something ought to be done to the
Bret Harte of the present day in the
direction of reproof. He seems to as
By HENRY JAMES.
some that his identity is one with that
of the Bret Harte of long ago, and
takes liberties with the work of the lat
ter. All the world knows that the orig
inal Bret Harte has passed away. He
acquired anglomania in acute form and
so perished from the field of letters,
leaving behind him a noble mosaic tab
let. Now comes the English Bret Harte,
and with vandal hand is clipping this
memorial tablet away. As an Ameri
can, proud of the work of an American,
devoted to admiration of John Oak
hurst, believing the "Outcasts of Poker
Flat" to be one of the best short stories
ever -written, I object to the modern
Harte. He ought to read the creations
of the old Harte and be ashamed. In
my humble estimation nobody since the
days when the original Harte's inspira
tion, born of the wild life of the West,
savored of its balsamic pines, vivid
with its coloring, was taking the form
of tales, each in its way almost fault
less, has there been a man who could
approach him until the peerless Kipling
was crowned king of the realm of fic
tion. Certainly the present Harte is
not in the same class of the one-time
Harte. The old Harte stands alone, as
distinct a figure as Kipling himself.
The new Harte is one of many, none
of them great. Lately I have been re
reading the familiar stories which are
recognized as classics. There was
"M'liss." Who does not remember the
delight of it. But the English Harte
has taken that story and spoiled it ut
terly. He has robbed it of beauty, of
delicacy: has shorn the climax away
and substituted an unsatisfactory finish
as crude as any amateur could have de
vised in a maiden effort and an effort
sure to be rejected on the ground of un
worth. The English Harte has no right
to despoil the work of the American
Harte. That has become the common
property of us all. He is not capable
of improving it; he should train himself
to let it alone. As well might a fresh
young art student take a master's can
vas and bedaub it, imagining that his
ruinous touch had added to its value.
A man who had seven wives, and for
the matter of that has them yet, has
from his retreat in a prison cell been
telling the less successful lover how to
woo. The Information he gives is valu
able to the student of human nature,
demonstrating what an absolute fool a
man can be and yet escape being im
mured in an asylum for idiots. The
much-married man needs to be receiv
ing advice rather than to be giving it.
Somebody ought to give him instruc
tions on the subject: How not to woo.
Last week I made a few pleasant re
marks about an Alameda minister. Ob
jection has arisen to the tenor of them.
It is not necessary to state from whom
these objections come, but if the minis
ter will promise to behave himself
hereafter I will freely promise to let
him alone. There are other topics more
to my taste.
It has been my duty recently to take
a fall out of the gas company. So far
as I am concerned, the sum involved
was trivial, but the sum belonged to
me, and the company had to acknowl
edge a readiness to surrender it. The
matter has been so thoroughly exploit
ed in the local columns that thore is
no need of reciting it here. Enough to
say that every person from whom the
monopoly has exacted in advance $5 or
any other amount has only to go to the
office and ask for his money. If he
meets with refusal he can present the
letter the company sent me, and which
was reproduced in this paper. I cer
tainly do not merit any favor above
that due any other customer.
A correspondent whose writing sug
gests the lovable and superior sex noti
fies me that the slang in this column
is objectionable. I am truly sorry to
hear it. If she has a better style of
slang to propose I shall be happy to
adopt it. As it is, I am doing the best
•I can. What does she expect a man to
do? Swear?
From present appearances the State
is being robbed blind by somebody who
has to do with construction of the ferry
building. According to the accounts
published, it would seem that the mon
ey placed at the disposal of the Harbor
Commission was ample, and yet with
the edifice cheapened in every way, the
cash is falling short. Where are the
sums which have been "saved" by the
cutting out of expensive detail? If
contracts were let for a certain floor
and then the floor changed so as to cost
nearly $40,000 less, who got the differ
ence? I understand that the Commis
sioners are public servants, and as such
their accounts are open to inspection.
It Is my suggestion that the inspec
ADVEBTISEMENTS.^ __
SHIRT W 7USTS !
Our 1898 stock is in store. It is fine, it is cheap, it is pretty, it is the latest
style. We did not have a single garment in shirt waists from 1597 stock.
That is the way we do business. We sell things out. and buy new ones; always
ready for new goods at the low prices now prevailing. Come early and take
your choice from 50 cents up. Little dresses from 35 cents up, all new v stock.
We do not buy out 10-year-old stocks of goods that have broken the owners-
it Is not wise. The buying public shuns such goods at any price.
FOR THE KLONDIKE !
We offer the finest values on the Coast either to prospectors or to the
trade dealing in Alaska goods. [ ,
Fine Ham or Bacon .S% cents
Salt Pork, to take along  : . . . 7% cents
Lard, pure, in 5-lb tin 5....... ..7 cents
Sleds or Sleighs.. .... : $3 00 up
Granulated .' Potatoes r. .....' 10c lb
Finest fur suits and sleeping bags at half what others ask you.
Have a talk before you decide the matter with the house that, has no
runners on the streets to pull you here or there and no house-to-house can-
vassers. You save this expense. - V
KQ^' Hi 188 b Hh Hi 888 re&i-^JiBy J
Slgjlll ( CASH STORE,
■^^gJHp Tne Livest and Liveliest Store in the City
xSJBH W^^S We uarantee all the goods we sell— they are money
-^"v» . .-=^ \. ,- : .Back. 1 LIBERALITY our motto. t ' '■'<*-*■■
25-2T MARKET STREET, S. F.
! tlon be made by the Grand Jury. If
j this body can find nothing ntten in the
deal then the vindication o° the Com
missioners would have an official
I weight and dignity not to be found in
! their unsupported denials.
The interest taken in prizefighters 1r
a mystery to me. With few exceptions
: the men are brutal, with a leaning
: toward crime. They have in hem the
i elements of the footpad, tempered and
I sweetened by the instincts of the va
grant. They are brutal, useless and
! lazy. They will not even fight fairly.
Taking this man Sharkey as a sample
the whole lot ought to be attached to
gunnysacks filled with stones and
thrown into the bay. Sharkey, I hear,
claims to have been robbed in his latest
ring affair. As to the truth of this I
do not know, but I hope he was. That
he was in a conspiracy to rob Fitzsim
mons I never had a doubt and perhaps
he has been given a dose of his own
medicine. The only prizefighter for
whom I ever had a shade of admiration
was old John L. Sullivan and about
half the time even in his palmiest days
John deserved to be in Jail. But he
would fight and until whisky and time,
but mostly whisky, had sapped his
mighty strength he could everlastingly
wallop anything on two feet. I have
noticed that when pugilists engage in
a genuine fight, as occasionally na P
pens in a bar-room, they fling "science"
to the winds and throw cuspidores and
bung-starters. Their so-called science
is a delusion. They employ it only at
the times when there is a purse in sight
I will admit that then their trade
becomes not alone a science but an art.
To know Just when to be knocked out
so as to avoid the appearance of fak
ing requires study and practice. There
could in my estimation be only one per
fect type of prizefight. In this one prin
cipal would kill the other and be
hanged for murder; the seconds and
promoters would be sentenced for life
as accessories and the spectators fined
for the of the widows and
orphans.
An Eastern legislator has in his head
a plan for the regulation of marriage.
He might as well keep it there. Mar
riage will not be regulated. This legis
lator would have aspirants for the holy
state of nuptial felicity examined as to
mental and physical fitness, their pedi
gree subjected to scrutiny, the fact that
the grandmother on one side died of
fits and the grandfather on the other
was hanged laid before an unsympa
thetic world. This would not work.
When a man and woman make up their
minds to wed nothing short of a decree
of Providence taking the form of kill
ing one or both can more than delay
the ceremony. California has in a
modest fashion essayed to regulate the
conditions surrounding the wedding,
and Cupid, watching his arrows quiver
in the hearts of his victims, has simply
given California the laugh. If the law
forbids a union the pair go away Just
long enough to evade the law. The
Eastern legislator if really anxious to
make a record might try the invention
of some law to change the movements
of the tide, but the people determined
to be tied are beyond his reach.
THE MOVING EIFFEL, TOWER.
The Ughtning rod on the summit of the
Eiffel tower is constantly moving, de
scribing every day a ten-centimeter cir
cle. This movement is due to expansion
and contraction, and has. been studied by
Colonel Bassot, who recently explained to
the London Academy of Sciences that the
expansion of the metallic components, of
the structure- produces- a. torsion .•„. mp,ve- ;
ment from sunrise to sunset, .-which ,.Xra-»
verses a curve of ten centimeters. Tnis
movement is repeated in an inverse direct
tion" during the night, as the column be
comes cooled. Colonel Laussedat, direc
tor of - the Conservatoire dcs Arts et
Metiers, being appealed to for confirma
tion of Colonel Bassot's statements,
stated that he had carefully followed
Colonel Bassot's investigations,, which ex
tended over ten years, and that the re
sults given were perfectly exact. The
laws of the expansion and contraction of
iron by heat and cold are well known,
and the tower simply obeys the physical
law of temperature influence. In summer
the expansion .is superior to that in win
ter, and the movement reverses at night,
owing to contraction due to the cooling
down of the mass. Yet this twisting, this
torsion, in no case compromises the solid
ity of the structure, which, is absolute.
, - ■ » ■ ■ -• .
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy st. •
A choice present, Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb, in fire-etched boxes. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
One of the most remarkable gifts that
ornament the home of the Rev. Dr. Tal
ma ge since his return from his recent
wedding trip is a Russian tea service of
gold and enamel, a personal token from
the Czar of Russia.
Drs. Bush & Son have removed to 2^6 Kearny
St., Adams Building, rooms 310. 309. 30$. Dent
istry In all its branches. Teeth without plate*
especially. Telephone Red 1226.
The well-known orientalist. Professor
Ahlwardt, has at last completed hi? task
of cataloguing and describing all the Ara
bic manuscripts in the Berlin library, a
task to which he has devoted twenty
four years.AN EXPOSITION
MUCH FAMED
Mayer Phelan Studying
Over the Preliminary
Committee.
"Warts Citizens Who Will
Enter Into the Movement
With Spirit.
J-I« Is In Favor of Delaying the Fair
However, Until After the Paris
Exposition.
Mayor Phelan has not yet announced
the committee that is to take the pre
liminary steps toward the fitting cele
bration of the semi-centennial anniver
sary of the admission of California intiJ
the Union. While he is heartily in
favor of the exposition suggested by
The Call, he is desirous of first ascer
taining that those appointed by him
■will serve and give all of the time and
energy requisite to make the affair one
that will not alone redound to the credit
of the State, but to the entire Pacific
SJope.
"I am In accord with the movement,"
paid Mayor Phelan yesterday, "but I
believe that the exposition should not
be had until 1901. The World's Fair
will be held in 1900 at Paris, and it
would prove a great counter attraction.
There is no special need of holding our
celebration in 1900 because that year
will mark the fiftieth anniversary of
California's admission into the sister
hood of States. The Chicago fair was
held in 1593 to commemorate the four
hundredth anniversary of the discovery
of America. That was one year late,
for Columbus made his discovery in
1492. If that event could be properly
commemorated a year later, why not
the golden wedding of California also
a year later?
"By holding an exposition in 1901,"
continued the Mayor, "we could have
a very fine exposition, taking the best
exhibits from Paris, and shipping them
from French ports direct to San Fran
cisco. The secret of the success of the
Midwinter Fair as an exposition was
the facility erf getting exhibits from
Chicago. Now, it perhaps costs less to
bring exhibits from Paris than it does
to bring them from Chicago. By bring
ing exhibits already prepared, with
beautiful installation furniture from
Paris, we might say that by deciding
upon 1901 we have a fair ready made
which will be none the less attractive
b'vause it has been at Paris. The Chi
cago Fair was so large that people
missed, as they will miss in Paris,
many of the beauties of the exhibits.
"As regards the site for a fair, I am
in favor of building the fair on the
Ocean boulevard. There it would be
unique. A use of this land could, no
doubt, be secured from the property
iwners, because it is now a barren
v aste, and wr-uld have to be reclaimed,
from the Park Commissioners. The
Commissioners could improve that end
■ f the park during the next two or three
years, so the garden effects may be had.
After the fair i-^ closed, th«> region
south of the park, in the neighborhood
of t.k- ■ d. will have a splendid
stimulus and development, which will
add to the taxable property of San
Francisco, and serve to bring in our
outlying districts where men can build
homes. Transportation facilities will
follow such development. There is no
city in the world that has such a beau
tiful and unique site.
"The Midwinter Fair was built with
out any city, State or national aid. Ev
ery American fair since, and including
Chicago, has had such aid. The Gov
ernment is now building a $200,000
structure at Omaha, and it was also
represented at Atlanta. Hence Con
gress could be easily induced to make
an appropriation for our fair, and the
State Legislature would, no doubt, give
it official sanction and aid, and in the
hands of a competent committee the
ONE
MORE
OPPORTUNITY.
THE CALL, by special arrangement
With Charles Scribner's Sons of New
York, is enabled to give its readers one
n)ore opportunity to secure "Scribner's
History of tbe United States" at a great
reduction froro tbe regular price. Club C
Will open to-n)orrow, and closes April I.
By ordering before date mentioned you
will save roore tban 33^ per cent dis-
count. To be plain, you get tbe $42.50
balf-roorocco set for $30.00, and tbe
$30.00 cloth set for only $20.00. We
do not ask you to pay casb, but will be
pleased to deliver you tbe full set on
easy roonthly payments. Do not miss
the opportunity to secure ttys grand
bistory of our country in five massive
volumes, 1600 illustratioQS. You need
it— your faroily needs it. Sets sent on
approval to out-of-town readers free of
expense. Call or write at once for full
particulars
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
FUN AND FRIVOLITY UNDER MASK.
Fancy Joined Hands With Frolic at the Eln
traclit Vereln's Fete.
SOME OF THE PICTURESQUE FIGURES AT THE PAVILION.
A glittering pageant, in which g"ds
and goddesses fresh from Olympus,
knights in glittering armor, nymphs
and clowns whose pleasing antics
pleased, marked the opening of the
Verein Eintrachfs ball last evening.
The grand march was a gorgeous affair.
Promptly at 9 o'clock the clarion notes
of a bugle heralded the beginning of
the ball, and the line for the grand
march was formed. First in the line
was the committee of arrangements
which was followed by the president
and vice-president of the association,
the floor committee in rococo costume,
a herald in Lohengrin costume and a
float, representing Prince and Princess
Carnival with pages in an arbor of
flowers, drawn by six harlequins. Court
ladies, gents and jesters, nymphs and
ballet girls were next in line, and then
grate receipts would more than pay the
expenses." _
THREAajSNED TO KLLL HER.
A Chinese Woman Abducted by a
Gang of Highbinders.
Several Chinese merchants visited police
headquarters last night mud UiVOfceu Hie
aid of Chief Leefl in finding a young
Chinese women, who. they claimed, had
been kidnaped by a gang of highbinders.
The girl lived on Washington street, near
Stockton. According to the story told by
the merchants, a notorious highbinder,
who is said to be the leader of the gang,
entered the girl's house while she was
alone and compelled her, under penalty of
being killed, to accompany him. He then
took her to the headquarters of the gang,
and subsequently, it is believed, spirited
her out of the city.
Recently at least a half-dozen Ch.nese
women have been abducted in the same
manner The Chinese Consul has offered
a reward for the arrest of the kidnapers,
as he i<= determined to stop the practice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
came a float representing a California
gold mine with Eureka seated on a
mountain, at the foot of which gold
miners toiled. Indian chiefs, prin
cesses and squaws, gold miners of '49
and their wives, hurdy gurdy girls and
thirty-six young men and women at
tired in the national colors were the
followers of this float. Two floats, one
representing the snow-covered moun
tains that mark the course of the ice
covered Yukon River, and the other the
new City Hall, with the Goddess of
Justice and some prominent citizens,
followed. During the evening's enter
tainment the members of the Verein
entertained the large gathering. Table
ladders and chair pyramids were build
ed by the acrobats and many boys and
girls participated in a fancy march and
flag-swinging drill. The flag swing
BURIED UNDER
AN ELEVATOR
Fatal Accident to a Young
Man at the Pa
vilion.
Killed While Trying to "Beat"
His Way Into the
Ball.
Found by His- Companions He
Was at Once Ex
tricated.
A poorly clad young man, whose
name could not be ascertained, met
with a horrible accident last night at
the Mechanics' Pavilion. Not having
the necessary money to buy a ticket,
the unfortunate fellow, together with a
number of other young men, forced
his way into the basement. At the
southerly end of the building is a
freight elevator, and the intruders
started to climb the ropes attached to
it, in order to reach the main floor.
The unknown victim of the accident
stood close to the elevator and as it shot
upward in response to a tug on the
main rope by one of his companions, he
started to board it. The next instant
the elevator dropped, catching the
stranger in the descent. His cries at
tracted the attention of his companions
who, becoming alarmed, at once noti
fied Sergeant Nash. The latter imme
diately ran to the scene, and found
the young man buried beneath the ele
vator.
He was unconscious, and apparently
fatally hurt. After considerable trou
ble the elevator was raised, and the in
jured boy removed to the Receiving
Hospital.
A few minutes after being placed on
the operating table he breathed his
last. His body was subsequently sent
to the Morgue.
One of his companions was James
Wilson, and lives at Fourteenth and
Mission streets.
"We made our way into the base
ment," he remarked, when giving his
version of the accident, "and being un
able to reach the main floor we de
cided to try the elevator. The victim
of the accident remained a short dis
tance behind, thinking we would
meet with police interference. After
one of the boys had raised the elevator
the stranger tried to climb on to it.
Just then the elevator suddenly
dropped, burying his companion be
neath it. I was told that he was from
the Potrero, but I do not know his
name." ___________^
Dr. Cachot has removed from 207 Taylor to
10 Turk street. Telephone Mint 1436. •
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
C. S. Hlbberd, IT. S. N., is at the Palace.
H. Brown of Kernville is at the Grand.
A. W. Fisher of Los Angeles is a guest
at the Occidental.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento is a
guest at the Grand.
W. P. Thomas, an attorney of Uklah, is
a guest at the Grand.
Abbot Kinney of Los Angeles is ragia
tered at the Occidental,
ing was very effective and the applause
that followed made the pavilion trem
ble. Following are the committees that
handled the successful entertainment:
Committee of arrangements— H. F. C.
Stahl, chairman; J. Hartmanshenn. sec
retary; William Sheppler, treasurer;
Ad. Becker, president of Verein Ein
tracht; Frank Huber, vice-president of
Verein Eintracht; Charles Guembel,
floor manager; Martin Huber, assist
ant floor manager.
Division leaders — Robert Schell, J.
Dussourt, Casper Mueller and Karl
Schaefer.
Floor committee — Joseph Platz, Otto
Steinmann, Charles Rehn, Wilhelm
Garms, Louis Schmidt, Robert Lorentz.
Ernst Hartmann, Louis Sass, Wilhelm
Hoehna. Albert Kuenzi, Chris Schroe
der, Fritz Becker, Edwin Binder and
Reinhnld Spahr.
S. S. Rowe and wife of Boston are
staying at the. < incidental.
D. Goettel ami wife are registered at the
Palace from Oil City, Pa.
A. 11. Birrell and wife of Portland. Or.,
are guests at the <" ilifornia.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles T. Love are at
the Palace from New York.
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Sir rman are at the
Occidental from Cleveland. O.
R. L. Veuve of A'allejo is one of yester
day's arrivals at the Occidental.
George W. Campbell of Campbell & Co.
has gone East on a business trip.
W. "W. Middlecoush, a prominent at
torney of Stockton, is at the Grand.
C. L. Haussey, a lieutenant on the bat
tleship Oregon, is at the Occidental.
W. Hausberg and wife are registered at
the Occidental from Charles City, la,
Several sports
were bending
over a morning
paper, spread out
"ii a table in the
Baldwin Friday
morning, looking
at the cuts of
ONE WAY
TO JUDGE
FIGHTS.
Sharkey and Choynskl. and speculat
ing the relative chances of the two
men, when a lucky bus dropping from
somewhere lit on the paper and began to
crawl around. Every on*- held his breath
as the bug wandered hither and thither
and as he would approach the printed
name of either man of muscle his admir
ers would fairly tremble with excite
ment to see if he would crawl upon it
and rest there, as it was considered a
cinch that the one favored by the little
insect would be the winner In the even
ing's battle. The bug finally settled upon
the name of Choynski. and a great shout
went up from that gentleman's rapport
en at the happy omen. Then little rings
were drawn on the paper, numbered from
one to twenty, and all hands stood round
to watch and see into which one the bug
would crawl, as that was to give the
bettors a sure thing on the number of
rounds the fight would last. The bug
took its time but finally settled on the
one numbered eleven, and the crowd
started off to Harry Corbett'a to get their
money in on the occult tip they had re
ceived. Their feelings may be' imagined
when the result of the battle was an
nounced last night.
W. H. Moody of Boston Is a guest at
EAGER TO SAIL FOR ALASKA.
Washington Street Wharf Crowded With Gold- j
Seekers.
One of the most striking scenes of life and seafaring interest ever !
beheld In the city was that presented at the Washington street wharf !
yesterday when the Humboldt arrived, having made one of the quick- !
est trips on record to Skaguay and return.
The wharf has for several days presented the strange picture of
three hundred tons of freight piled almost sky high, awaiting the ar
rival of the steamer from the land of gold. There are three hundred
and fifteen passengers awaiting the opportunity of embarkation, and !
all arrangements have been made for the northbound steamer to sail !
again to-morrow, with the prospect of arriving at Skaguay in about !
nine days.
It was a unique sight to behold the strange combination of va- <
lises, sleds, trunks, boxes and packages of canvas that constituted the !
three hundred tons of freight on the wharf. Eager passengers stood I
for hours watching for the arrival of the belated steamer, and when '
she arrived there were cheers of joy from many throats. Old men and !
young men, as well as women and children of all ages, had stood for !
many hours, watching for the arrival of the steamer.
It is estimated that about 5 per cent of the passengers who will !
go to-morrow are women in search of their fortunes in the far north. '
They go with all kinds of ideas of prospects, but most of them feel !
In some strange way that the reports are only a partial statement of !
the truth pertaining to the untold wealth that is still hid in the hills ?
of the Alaska wilds awaiting the cunning researches of practical mm- '
ers and about to add to the mineral wealth of the world. !
!
GRAND OPENING^S AND SUMMER STYLES
bKAIIU Ulljlulllj—^S^ CUT-RATE PRICES
THE LARGEST TAILORING ESTABLISHMENT ON THE PACIFIC COAST
BUSINESS SUIT
IN THIS STYLE, TO BJ|E || H
OROERFOR . . . ilIQ t UU
•
men with moaeraie means n»u i« ■ ;- ;s -——
wear ill-fitting, ready-made clothes, TW rti«m'iiT
«l SDNDAY
"""■ JOB P0 " EI " 7; 7 m MEETINCSmT
one's eyes, and showed them how l^^jf 4*>aa <%#»
l^W IN THIS STYLE, TO Pnil || |1
to be well dressed, and to obtain I9S^\ ORDER FOR . . . UuUtUU
Three Suits and One Overcoat for |i W z==izzzzzzzzzz=z=z=zzzzi=zz=zzzzi=z:
$75.00. •
See the Styles and Prices on the JS AFTERNOON
(See the Styles and Prices on the ML Al l l^l\n v Vll
hjf Tiflkr^f C* OITfW 0F ENGLISH
opposite side.) MBk UIXItJJ JUi l OR PiQLH
fpS||if» IN THIS STYLE, TO BJJD f| f|
Remember that when you buy a mgM ORDER FOR ... |j)(jU.UU
$75.00 Suit, in six months it will be |^ffl zzz====z: : '
shabby-worn, just the same as a / || 11
$20.00 Suit. By buying Three Suits Jgffsfa| ' tKvUA 1
.... , . i«^^^ IN THIS OR ANY (tlffl Afl
for $7500, you will always look —. STYLE YOU WISH, \\ IJI Hij
T?F to ORDER for. . yllltUU
clean and, have a change according /<^^^\
to style. Xsßl TlffiFF SUITS AND
few THREE SUITS AND
ONF OVFRCOAT =
I 1 1 FOR THE SUM OF \\i || uU
2Ql&2o3{aontgomery,cor.Bushll W^ 11 v 485 Fourteenth St. Oakund
844&846 Market St., op . Fourth b s r to££s 16031 603 & 605 X St. Sacramento
1110 & 1112 Market St., near Mason ' 11431 143 S. Spring St. Los Angeles
the Palace. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Moody.
W. Sanger Pullman, son of the late
Chicago millionaire of that name, is
registered at the Palace.
Ronald Bridjett, British Consul at
Buenos Ayres, is a guest at the Occi
dental, where he arrived yesterday.
W. H. Post, the agent for the Sperry
Company at Stockton, is staying at the
California, accompanied by his wife.
John H. Mllsner. a wealthy merchant
an.l mining man of Tucson, Ariz., is a
guest at the Grand.
A. Brown of Baltimore, together with
his wife, family and Miss Montague Is at
the Palace on a pleasure trip to the coast.
Arthur Sewall of Bath. Me., who was
the Democratic candidate for the Vice-
Presidency in the last election, is at the
Palace.
Phil Casey of Brooklyn, N. V., the
champion handball player of the world,
arrived in the city last night on the over
land and went to the Grand.
Deputy Tnited States Marshal J. S.
Warwick and Thomas F. McGrew are
staying at the Occidental, where they ar
rived last evening from Denver.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
J ADVEBTISEMENTS.^
IRENE LYNCH
HAS BEEN FOUND
Puebla as
Seen on Board the
the Vessel Leaves the
City.
Her Father Takes trie Overland Train
but Will Arrive Six. Hours
Late.
At last the mystery surrounding the !
sudden disappearance of Irene Lynch has
been solved. The whisperings about the i
old man who made himself so conspicu- ;
ous by the showers of praise which he
bestowed upon the "little prodigy" at the
mining fair have subsided into silence, |
and in their place a rumor has been sub- j
stituted that a young man of tenderer j
years, and Irene's own age, and not this
ADVERTISEMENTS. i^^~~~~~~~~~ J .
A r TH f* Si
I VAN VROOM
• ELECTRO-DENTAL PrtRCORS. ■•».,
3 We know our work is good, so we guarantee it. g
•^ Electricity makes it painless. m>
FTTLL SET OF TEETH f0r...... X 00 up! SILVER • FILLING ....25c up •
GOLD CROWNS 2"k ....... ..3 50 up GOLD FILLING 75c up 5*
45 BRIDGE TWORK. per' Tooth 360 up | CLEANING TEETH 50c up
No charpe for Extracting Teeth when plates are ordered. _2^ ;
•» Work done as well at night as by daylight by our modern electrical mC.
35 devices. No students employed. ; • . . ■£, '
55 SIXTH AND MARKET STREETS. 5g
, 99T MARKET ST. TELEPHONE JESSIE 1695. S
3? Ten Skilled Operators. Lady Attendants. German and French spoken. OpenJjG:..-
3J Evenings till 1Q o'clock: Sundays, 10 to 1. GEO. W. KLEISER. D.D.S. JjC,
P I T Z Y.rtP,
old man, is the real abductor.
The couple were seen on the deck of
the steamer City of Puebla yesterday
morning as she cleared the docks i>n her
way to the Klondike, by Harry Burns, an
intimate friend of the Lynch family, who
positively identified the missing girl, but
cannot give the least description of :h«
man who was standing with her at the
time.
The parents of the child refuse to be
lieve the theory which is now generally
advanced that she willingly left home to
accompany this unknown man north, and
claim that she was either drugged and
carried aboard the vessel or was induced
there by the stranger as the result of an
exaggeration of her talents and the suc
cess she would derive from an exhibition
of 'them in Dawson, where s,he is sup
peed to be. now going with her abductor.
The girls father, Daniel Lynch, left
the city yesterday on the overland train,
bound for Victoria, where he hopes to
arrive in time to meet the girl as the
vessel lands in the northern port It is
doubtful whether he will reach there in
tone m the vessel left six hours before
CWei Lees telegraphed to the Canadian
authorities requesting them to detain the
Sil bit has title hope of their comply
ing'with his rogues^
Ireland to San Francisco $50 35: Few
days only. Fletcher, 613 Market street. •
DR.MQNULTY:
q'fUS V.'Ef.L KNOWN AND RKLtABLE Or.Tj
A .spe^-iuil.st cures Prlvate.Nervous.KlocxiaMd Skin i
Diseases of Men unly. ; Manly Power restore<l.- Over I
years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patient* '
cured at Home. Terai3 reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
daily ;r>:3o to B.3o ev'ss. Sundays. 10 to 12. Conmilta- '
tlou free and sacredly confidential. - Call or addresa '
4 r.BOSCOE HeKUXTT. 91. D.. .
26 Ke»rny Street. Sjm» I'ritacUc*, Cfl»« "
78
DIAMOND KING
MAY GO FREE
Strange Conduct of Gov
ernor Rogers of
Washington.
He Pigeonholes Without Ex
planation a Requisition
From This State.
Attorney for the Swindler Confiden
Thnt He Will Obtnin His
Liberty.
Spj>ri.il Plspatrh to The Call.
SEATTLF, March 12.— Great interest
is manifested here and many compli
cations have arisen over the arrest of j
Joseph Schwartz, the diamond king, '
who is charged with larceny in San
Francisco. This afternoon In Justice j
Austin's court Deputy Prosecuting At- |
torney Pulton said that Governor Tlog- !
ers had been guilty of an unheard of J
proceeding in delaying a decision on i
the request of the Governor of Califor- I
nia for the surrender of Schwartz. Mr.
Fulton said that the laws of the United j
States made it the duty of the Gover- ;
nor to deliver the prisoner when requi- j
sition papers drawn in due form were j
presented to him.
This comment on the action of the \
Governor in granting a continuance j
from several days hack to Monday was
one of the interesting features of the ■
preliminary examination of the dia- ;
mond king this afternoon. The State :
did not attempt to go into the merits ]
of the case as to whether Schwartz was
actually guilty of stealing $1200 worth
of diamonds from William Wolfsohn, !
the jeweler, but established by the cvi- '
denee of Detective Edward Wren of j
San Francisco and copies of the San
Francisco Police Court records that J.
Schwartz was wanted there for the
crime of grand larceny.
Mr. Fulton then said that in view of '
the fact that the case would come up
before Governor Rogers Monday he :
would ask that the case be continued
until next Thursday.
After th* 3 Justice had decided to hold ;
the prisoner there was a long argu
ment as to whether it should be pend
ing the decision by the Governor or un
til a certain date. It was finally agreed
that the case would go over until next j
Tuesday, and if the Governor refuses j
to honor the requisition of the Gover- !
nor of California, then Schwartz may j
go where he pleases. At present
Schwartz is in the custody of a Deputy
Sheriff.
Attorney Winstock returned last i
night from San Francisco, where he .
has been in an effort to secure aff.da
vita that will give Schwartz his lib
erty. Mr. Winptoek says he has some
thing up his sleeve, but he does not ,
care to let it drop until the right time, j
SWORN TO TRY
GEORGE CLARK
A Jury Finally Secured
in the Case of the
Fratricide.
Counsel for the Prisoner Hopes
to Save His Neck by a
Plea of Insanity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. March 12.— A jury has born se- i
cured to try George W. Clark, the St.
Helena murderer, and the taking of tes
timony will begin next Monday morning.
The courtroom was crowded when the
case was called at 10 a. m. by Judge Ham
to-day. The special venire of fifty jury- j
men summoned to appear in court were
all on hand, and the court and attorneys
proceeded to secure the remaining three
men needed to complete the Jury. After
examining thirteen talesmen, the required
number was secured, and the following
named citizens have been sworn to try
the caso: W. A. Leonard, Joseph Gyte,
C P. Bales. I. G. Herrin, George Ham
lir, D. F. Hampton. M. O. Alexander. F.
P Veale, John Head, F. C. Lundy, A.
Jansen and M. O'Dea. These gentlemen
are all farmers except one, and he is a
contractor. It is considered a good jury.
Attorney Henry Hogan maxlo strong ob
jection to all the proceedings In the case
to-day, and, with the assistance of hitf
associates. Messrs. Beerstecher and Web
ber, i 3 going to make a hard fight to save j
Clark from lh< gallows. Mr. Hogan was
counsel and made a strong fight for Ur. i
Vincent, who was hanged at Fresno some ;
years ago for killing his wife.
An adjournment was taken to Monday
at 9 o'clock a. m. At that time District
Attorney Roll will make the opening |
statement for the State, and the taking
of evidence will begin. There will be !
twenty-six witnesses examined for the
prosecution, and five have been subpenaed
for the defense. Interest in the case is
now at a high pitch, and the courtroom
Is crowded every day. The defense set up
for Clark will be insanity. With this plea
his attorneys hope to save his neck. The
prisoner is taking more interest in the
proceedings than on his previous appear
ance in court and watches his attorneys
in all their work.
AN ENGLISH PREACHER
ABUSES AMERICANS.
Courtesies Extended to the Ingrate
in This Country Repaid With
Calumny.
LONDON, March 12.— Rev. F. B. Meyer,
who was recently the recipient of endless
courtesies in the United States, has fur
nished an interviewer with a column of
insulting commiserations for the "wicked
ness" of his late hosts, which, for a dis
play of ignorance, it would be hard to
beat. He makes wholesale charges of
chicanery and corruption against public
officials/and says he is able to substan
tiate every one of the charges of W. T.
Stead. Mr. Meyer asserts that he found
it unsafe to walk in the towns of Kansas
after dark, except in the middle of the
road, owing to crimes of violence.
In regard to his Interview with Presi
dent McKinley. all Mr. Meyer could say
was that the President was "pleased to
hear wo combined his name with the
Queen's in our services, and he thought
the truest bond between the two coun
tries was found in the Christian good will
uniting the churches of both."
Elizabeth Flood's Will.
The will of Mrs. Elizabeth Flood, who
died in this city on the ICth ult., was
filed for probate yesterday. The testa
trix bequeathes an her personal property
to her daughter, Agnes Flood, and the
balance of her estate, which is valued at
$10,000, to her husband, Henry S. Flood.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper. " ' - .
OPENING OF A
NEW RAILROAD
Ventura and Ojai Valley
Company Runs Its
First Train.
Excursion of Leading Citizens,
Speeches, Feasting and
Dancing.
Operation of the Little Line Will
Develop a Magnificent
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 12.— A large
party of representative citizens left
here this morning upon the invitation
of Captain John Cross to attend a cele
bration at Nordhoff. Ventura County.
The occasion was the running, of the j
first train over and opening for busi- I
ness the Ventura and Ojai Valley Rail- J
road. The party consisted of Mayor
Snyder, General Forman, president of
the Chamber of Commerce; Max Mey- j
burg of the Merchant?' and Manufac- j
turers' Association, and twenty- rive j
other prominent gentlemen. At Yen- j
tura the party was joined by a large
crowd of citizens of that place, and a
start was made over the new road.
After a trip of sixteen miles through
beautiful valleys and past unequaled
mountain scenery the train pulled into
the town of Nordhoff. in the midst of
Ojai, one of the largest and most fer
tile valleys in this part of the south, j
The guests were invited to seats in j
carriages and taken for a drive around j
the valley, winding up at Oakdale, j
where a barbecue was in full blast. |
There was much speech-making in the j
line of felicitating the citizens of Ojai ;
upon having communication with the :
outside world. The Ventura band was j
in attendance, a dancing platform had
been erected, and every thing imagin- I
able was done for the enjoyment of the ;
guests. , . i
The Ventura and Ojai Valley road is j
the enterprise of Captain John Cross
of this city, backed by a generous sub- j
sidy of citizens along the line. It runs |
from Ventura to Nordhoff, a distance
Of sixteen miles, through a magnificent
country, which it will develop and build
up On the 15th of last August work
on the construction of the road was i
begun by Grant Brothers, contractors, j
and it was completed in exactly seven
months. The road is standard gauge >
and splendidly built. \
In addition to opening up a splendid
country, this road will give easy access
to one of the most noted resorts in Cal- j
ifornia. Every summer at least 5000 ;
people have gone by wagon to Hot ;
Springs, located in Ojai, to bathe in the
health-giving waters or for good fish
ing and hunting to be found there. :
Now that the road is in operation, it is ;
expected that this number will be :
largely augmented. In the valley are
also located asphalt urn and gypsum
mines, and in the mountains are im
mense quarries of brown sandstone,
which will now find an easy way to |
market.
The building of this road marks a
new era for Ventura County, and its
citizens are correspondingly jubilant.
The road is on quite a grade, and was
most expensive to build. The officers
of the new road are: John Cross, presi- j
dent and general manager; A. P. Cross,
vice-president and superintendent, and
George Blake, general passenger and
freight agent. Captain John CTOSfI
owns a majority of stock in the road,
and has absolute control of it. Many
persons thought the road was being
built for the Southern Pacific Compa
ny, and would be turned over to that ,
corporation upon completion. This is ;
denied by Captain Cross, who says j
there is no intention <rf turning the line
over to the Southern Pacific Company
or anybody else.
BELIEVE AN ALLIANCE
NOT A POSSIBILITY.
Irish Members of Parliament on the
Attitude of England and
America.
NEW YORK, March 12.— -A dispatch to
the World from London says: The Irish
members are openly incredulous of the
possibility of any genuine rapprochement
between Great Britain and the United
States.
Mr. Davltt has put down for Monday
questions to the Ministers, avowedly de
signed to elicit replies showing that the
reports of Queen Victoria's rumored me
diation and of Sir Julian Pauncefote's
interview on the same subject with Presi
dent McKinley are baseless. Mr. Davitt's
view was expressed with character
istic force and candor to several English
members, in t-.e presence of the World's
correspondent in the House of Commons
lobby last evening.
"You imagine," he said, "that the
United States can be dragged by the Brit
ish lion's tall into your complications with
Russia, France and Jermany, forgetting
that the interests of the United tates in
the Far East are simply commercial, and
that the other powers wiu take good care
that due regard is shown to American
commercial Interests in order to give ncr
no cause for siding with you."
A MOST REMARKABLE
SURGICAL OPERATION.
Child Born With Two Heads Has One
Successfully Removed From the
Other.
SWEET SPRINGS, Mo.. March 12.— A
remarkable surgical operation was per
formed to-day on a throe-month-old
child of John Hamilton, which was born
with two heads. After a consultation
with the surgeons at the sanitarium it
was decided to remove the abnormal
head, which was located back of the nat
ural head. This was done and over three
ounces of brain matter taken out. The
abnormal growth was nearly as large as
the natural, and there was considerable
doubt among the surgeons whether the
abnormal could be removed without af
fecting the natural.
The surgeons say the child will rapidly
recover from the effects of the operation.
They also maintain there is no danger
that the child will be mentally weak as a
result of the operation, but that its life
will be saved and it will be a robust
child.
OVERDUE PARIS SAFELY
REACHES SOUTHAMPTON.
Her Delay Due to the Breaking of the
Forward Shaft of Her Pro
peller.
SOUTHAMPTON, March 13. — The
American line steamer Paris, Captain
Watkins, which sailed from New York
on March 2 for this port, and was due
here on the morning of March 9, arrived
this morning, reaching her dock at 2:45
o'clock. She reports that her delay was
due to the breaking of the forward shaft.
The shaft broke in the stern tunnel at
1:45 o'clock on the morning of March 4,
•when 375 miles from Sandy Hook. The
steamer was stopped for three hours to
secure the disabled propeller, after which
she proceeded with the port propeller.
on board are well.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MATUH 13, 1898.
DIRECTORS AT
SAN QUENTIN
Much Business Done, at
a Meeting of the
Board.
Warden Hale Submits a Report
of the Operation of the
Jute Mill.
Prisoners Punished for Insubordina
tion and Others Favored for
Good Conduct.
Fj>eolal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTTN PRTSON, March 12 —
The Board of Stato Prison Directors mot
here to-day ami transacted considerable
business. There were present: Directors
Jam^s EL WilkiriP, Robert M. Fitzgerald,
Donald M. Rey and Robert T. Devlin.
Director Daniel E. Hayes was absent,
being sick at the Coronado.
The case of James W. Flood, for recom- j
mendation for pardon, was again post
poned for a month.
The Warden submitted the following:
JUTE REPORT.
March 12, 189 S.
Number of sraln bags on hand — 2,834,000
Number of pniln bags on orders
from last year 135,500
Number of Rraln bags sold since
January 1 3. r .9,722
Number of grain bags shipped — 2,722
495,222
Number of grain bags sold await
ing shipment 492.500
Number '>f grain bngs available
fur sale ' 2,392,000
Raw jute 'Ti hand. In warehouses, 97!I8 bales;
will run the mills until May 1. 1599.
3,418, 500 bags Bold up to March 12, last year.
("'impnrative output of jute mills for the J
month of February:
1894—2971 outs srrain bagging, average. 129. 17 cuts
L 59". —3177 cuts grain bagging, average. 13S. 14 cuts ■
1896—1442 cuts grain bagging,
257 cuts sugar bagging.
1699 cuts, average 59.42. equal to
1742 cuts grain bagging,
average 91.6S cuts
1897— 19fi9 cuts grain bagging,
1252 cuts sugar bagging.
3221 cuts, average 140.14. equal
tp 3429 cuts grain bagging,
average 149.10 cuts
1595— 3450 cuts grain bagging, average. 150.00 cuts
Warden Hale officially reported that
Wee Tung, the Chinese murderer, had
been duly executed on Friday, March 11,
at 10:30 o'clock.
The cases against prisoners charged
with violating the rules of the prison
were ii'-xt taken up.
Patrick Kelly, a convict doing ten years
for burglary committed in San Francisco,
was before the directors for punishment,
having been caught with opium and
money in his possession. He was deprived
of all his credits.
Fred Coleman, a United States prisoner
from Walla Walla, doing five years for
burglary, lost all of his credits for having
opium in his possession. He contended
that he did not use the drug, but was
only holding it for another convict, but
refused to divulge the name of the other
man.
Eugene Callahan forfeited two months'
credit and William Leary four months' for
engaging in a fight, in which the latter
drew a small knife and cut Callahan in
the side. Leary will also be punished by
1 >»-i j i j-r kept in the tanks in solitary con
finement for thirty days.
For engaging in a row with a convict
cell tender E. Sauza Morrill, a five-year
man, lost twelve months' credits and will
spend thirty days in solitary confinement.
Francisco Laborra will spend thirty
days in confinement in the tanks and lose
all his credits for having laid in wait for
another convict with a huge case knife to
stub him. He was detected by guards
and disarmed.
Bert Brumfield and Peter Ross were
harshly punished for fighting in the jute
mill. The former lost all his credits,
fifty-tWO months, and will be kept in soli
tary confinement for sixty days. The lat
ter lost one year's credits and got thirty
days in the tanks.
William Miner, a 50-year-old convict,
who is serving a term for robbery, ap
peared before the board and asked to
have his credits restored. The directors
referred the matter to the warden.
A. .1. La Bree, serving seven years for
forgery, from San Francisco, "asked to
have his credits restored. Referred to
the warden.
In executive session the directors rec
ommended the commutation of Convict
Dana's sentence from thirty-five years
to ten years. Paul E. White's applica
tion for recommendation for pardon was
denied.
Henry Beaver was allowed his freedom
upon parole.
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A L Harris, S Cruz Miss l'otter. Sn Diego
J S Tobln, Burlingm F J Fox. Stanford
J H Shaw, Clnn E R Durkee & w, N V
W G McLellan. Pa DO Wade &w. Mass
T J Wadley. Detroit J A Dowllng, Mass
J R Russell&w.LAng S Burton. Conn
J McChesney&w, Pa Mrs Burton, - Conn
Charles Baylan, N V H L Frank, Mont
AE McGlew, Japan iJ B Southard. Berkely
J Simmons, AustralajH M Merriman. Stanf
A B West. Stanford > H YerrlnKton, Belmnt
Leo Chandler. Stanfd|Dr W 8 Taylor, Livmr
W F Davidson, Stan A H Fieldhouse. Chgo
Eva F Davidson, Stn Dr C T Hibbltt. Chgo
C W Faris, Stanford Mr.s E Dowlln*, Mass
Edna Crawford. Stfd F Lyon, U S S Oregn
O 1' Jenkins, Stanfrd H M Blackstone.Stfrd
W F Gengle. Sacto W L Beedy, Stanford
F, F Davis. Phlladlph T J O'Hara, Stanford
B H Calhoun, USS OrlH Irwin, San Rafael
0 G Sage, Sacto |
Raymond & Whitcomb Excursion.
W H Kellner & wife i Miss A N Brooks
N Poulson & wife Mrs J B Sarboon"
R C Humphreys & w Mrs T C Boswell
C C Abbott & wife R C Needham
B«M I. M Curtis Mrs M S Hopkins
Miss Fannie R Curtis Miss M P Stoughton
M H Green Jr S Street & wife
M H Green & wife Mrs C L Acker
A O Brown & wife Mrs J S Brlnkerhoft
T Wolstenholm & w[ S C Holley
L L Brown & wife Mrs A N Wtldman
Mips E C Brown Miss J I) Hill
Miss EC Fisher Mrs G R Tweedy
E M Piggott Mrs H A Small
W R Porter Grace Fitzgerald
Mrs M D Abbott - W P Dickey & wife
F W Blockman & wf Miss E A Adams
J E Marsh. M D J M Currier
Mrs Marsh D F Eddy & wife
N E Craig & wife Dr O G Dyer
Mrs M Corser , Miss Louise Seeley
Miss G Corser J Tra;-ey & wife
H O Harrett & wife G Everson «
C W Bradstreet & wf ; Miss Everson
Mrs II N Houghton C E Bull
Mrs G N Lyon C E I'ennock
E A Hockwaldt & wf H C Xeedham
B P Taber L Ball &s wife
Mrs L B Davis Miss Ball
8 S Stetson & wife C J Hilllard
C A Cooke E OTuiler
F H Goddard Miss Goodrich
C Hutchings Mrs Hunt
Mrs O H Durrell Miss M X Taber
Mrs M D Grover . Miss S G Taber
Mrs C A Stinsnn E T Ryrler . : • ■"
Mrs G J Magee - - Mrs J L Russell
■Mlbs E M Magee Miss B Russell
G .1 Magee IG T Andrews & wife
Mrs W B Brooks,
GRAND HOTEL.
P A Wright, Stockton IF Watff, Portland
H Tutlg Jr, Cincinnati S L Hall, Racto
R P Miller. NY .|M Quimby & w. N V
P Casey, Brooklyn jL E Coyne, L6s Ang '
E R Frost. Alameda J H Binkman Portlnd
A B Pendergaat. Cal W A Williams, Log An
C G Sage, Sacto < W W Middlecauff. Cl
J McDonnell, Menlo J A Noure, Sacto " •
\ W Hughes, Oakdale Mrs F H OKeefe, Car
T V Ellis. San Rafael Miss E Kennedy, Cal w
M Carter, Irvtngton Miss M Rlley, San Jose
EG Potter, Palo Alto H M Simpson & w, Cal
E G Manasse. Napa A A Slbley. Mass if,
J Saler, Redwood W S Whepley. Fresno
J R Doyle. Menlo E B McCord & w. Cal ' ■
W L Lawlor, Cal J JJ Southard, Berkeley
T H Stefflns &w. 111 E F Fortune, Ca]
E J Graham. Sta Cruz G Forkhart. London
E G Dyer. Palo Alto W P Thomas, Ukiah
W ■ W Foote. Oakland B V B Mulr, T'kiah
F Ford New York - I W H Lumsden, Cal
F W Schmidt. Portland O G Halllday. Vallejo
A -Brown, Kernvllle F J Hofleng & w, Cal
Mrs E J Allen. Ind ' M M West. Stockton
MrF L B Miller.. Ind Mrs E Mihlman, Cal ;
w B Sauley & fm, 1a:.,, -
;:.■■. ■ . - — ■ ♦ ■ — _
■ Advances mnde on furnlture"and-pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission, j
CREMATED IN
A TENEMENT
Many Lives Lost in a
Conflagration in
New York-
Number of Victims Believed to
Reach Over Two
Scores.
Dwellers on the Upper Floors Cut
Off From Escape by th«
Flame*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 13.— Many lives
were lost in a fierce fire that started
at 2 o'clock this morning in No. 105
Bowery. After the blaze was gotten
under control by the firemen, an hour
later, nearly a score of charred bodies
were found on an upper floor.
Chief Bonner, who was in charge of
the fire, conducted an investigation
when it was possible to enter the build
ing. He said he believed the dead
would probably number between thirty
and forty, and possibly more.
The building is five stories high. On
the first floor is the Bowery Mission,
and the upper floors are occupied as a
cheap lodging-house conducted by the
mission. There were two hundred men
asleep when the fire was discovered.
W. C. Robbfns, one of the lodgers,
scented the smoke, and upon investiga
tion found a seething furnace of flame
roaring in the rear.
He shouted an alarm from the front
window and a citizen passing in the
street sent in a signal from a box. Mr.
Robbing ran through the upper floor,
arousing the sleepers.
By this time the flames had gained
great headway, and the thick smoke
penetrated the entire building. The
lodgers ran into the halls in confusion
with such articles of apparel as they
could seize. Many had not time to
take their clothing, and ran to the
street in their sleeping garments.
When the firemen arrived long lad
ders were placed to the windows, and
the firemen Of Truck Company No. 9
were active in effecting rescues. All
escape by the stairs was cut off when
the firemen reached the burning build
ing, and the men were too panic-strick
en to think of the roof.
Chief Bonner said that at 3:30 o clock
seventeen bodies had been found. They
were scattered from the second (loorup.
Most of them were on the third and
fifth floors. The firemen brought the
first body out and placed it on the
sidewalk at twenty minutes past 3. As
the bodies were recovered they were
laid on the sidewalk for possible iden
tification and then sent to the Morgue.
Stevenson, a lodger, carri-'d Fitz
patrick, a blind man, who had the room
next to his, out on his back. Fltz
patrick could not understand there was
a fire, and fought haul to resist being
rescued.
While the firemen and police were
fighting with those in the hallways, a
man made his appe ranee at the win
dow on the third Boor.
He threw hi? foot out on the ledge
and hung on for a few moments to the
coping. A cn.wd had gathered in the
street, and th> y cried to him to hold on.
But the flames came out of the window
and so singed his hands that he was
forced to let go.
A cry of horror went up from the
crowd below. The man. before letting
go. threw himself outward, and as he
fell the crowd separated. He landed
just beyond the sidewalk. For a mo
ment he seemed stunned. Then he
arose to his feet, felt himself all over
and hobbled away, disappearing in the
midst of the crowd. The firemen
worked inside the building until the
heat and smoke forced them out one
by one.
The scaling ladders and the life
nets were then r.surted to. Water was
poured into the building in torrents,
but the flames seemed to increase in
fury. Many of the lodgers were car
ried down the ladders. These were in
almost in every instance rescued just
as they were about to jump to the
street from the windows on the upper
floors.
When the flames were under control
at 3 o'clock one of the firemen who had
made a tour of the entire building
emerged and reported to Chief Bonner
that he had seen at least forty dead
bodies.
His report was that he had discov
ered two bodies on the first floor, five
on the second, eight on the third,
twelve on the fourth and thirteen on
the fifth floor.
At 4:30 twenty-six bodies had been
recovered.
RED ROOM FUNCTION.
Founders of the Bohemian Club As-
semble at the Round Table.
Some twenty or more of the founders of
the Bohemian Club dined in the red room
of that Institution last evening and had a
delightful session until midnight, recall
ing Incidents and events in the life of the
club in the old rooms on Sacramento
street. Among the messages of regret
from members who could not attend was
one by wire from Jennings S. Cox of New
York.
James A. Thompson presided and clev
erly directed the ceremonies. The feast
was attended by George T. Bromley,
George Chismoro". Benjamin Swan. Geo.
Wheaton, Dr. Behr, I. Gutte, Charles A.
Low, General John Heuston. Samuel D.
Mayer, Daniel O'Connell, Theodore
Payne, Raphael "Weill. Henry Marshall.
Arpad Haraszthy, David Bush. George
Wrigftt. John Landers, Walter Turnbull,
John L. Beard, Hugh M. Burke, A. G.
Hawes. \V. H. L. Barnes and James A.
Thompson.
Dr. Chismore was re-elected chairman
of the society within the club and I.
Gutte was again chosen secretary.
DEFRAUDING AN INNKEEPER.
Strange Conduct of Three Miners on
Their Way to the Klondike.
Baney Chinetto, Julius Gilli and Desire
Veriarede, three miners on their way
from Australia to the Klondike, went to
a restaurant at 27 Stockton street yester
day morning and ate about V> worth of
victuals. After they had finished they
refused to pay the hill. The proprietor
called in Polieteman Prowse, and he tried
for nearly half an hour to get them to
pay up, but without success, and he took
them to the City Prison, where they were
charged with defrauding an innkeeper.
When searched Veriarede had sixty-one
English sovereigns in his pocket.
Judge Campbell happened to visit th<?
prison and Chinetto and Gilli told him
that Veriarede had asked them Into tin?
restaurant to have lunch with him. They
did not have any money with them and
expected that he would pay the bili. The
Judge released them on their own recog
nizance, and Veriarede put up $20 cash
bail.
J. B. Olsen Arraigned.
J. B. Olsen. recently stenographer of
Judge Conlan's court, appeared before
Judge Cook yesterday for arraignment.
Olsen is charged with perjury, and after
the complaint had been read he was
granted a week In which to plead.
PURSER'S BODY
FOUND AT SEA
A Relic of the 111-Fated
Steamer Clara
Nevada.
Papers in the Pockets Estab
lish Identity Beyond a
Doubt.
Clothing Burned in a Way to Indi
cate That Fire Destroyed the
Vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 12.— The steamer
Cottage City, which arrived from
Alaska this evening, brings newß of
the finding of the body of Purser
George Foster Beck of the ill-fated
steamer Clara Nevada, which came to
grief a month ago on Vanderbilt Reef.
This is the first body found, and it was
accidentally picked up by the steamer
Rustler on Sullivan Island last Tues
day.
Papers found in the" pockets gave con
' elusive evidence of it being the remains
of the unfortunate purser. After a
careful investigation of the clothing it
was discovered that a portion of his
; coat and trousers had been burned,
showing every indication of a fire being
aboard the vessel at the time of her
wreck. The body was in a perfect
I state of preservation and his features
i could be recognized by all who knew
him. The body was taken from Sulli
i van Island and conveyed to Juneau on
the Rustler, where it will be embalmed
and shipped to his home in Portland.
The Rustler left the rollovrtngr-morn
'■ ing with a number of people for the
, purpose of making a thorough search
i of Sullivan Island beach with the hope
of finding more bodies which may have
been washed ashore.
SCHEME TO CONTROL
THE KLONDIKE TRAVEL
Canada Will Extend the Teslin Lake
Railway to a British Colum
bian Port.
NEW YORK, March 12.— A dispatch to
the Commercial Advertiser from Montreal
says: The announcement made to Par
liament by Sir Wilfrid Laurier that it is
now the policy of the administration to
prepare to extend the Lake Teslin and
Stickeen Railway to a British Columbia
port next year if trouble over transship
ment arist-s at the American port of Fort
Wrangel has improved the position of the
Government. The opposition has not
ceased to attack the Mann-Mackenzie
contract, but it? most effective gun has
been silenced now. The Government ar
gues that the right to navigate the
Stickeen River, given to Canada by the
Washington treaty, implies the right to
moor and transship at the mouth of the
river.
Granted a Divorece.
Mrs. Mary Adelaide Carey was granted
a divorce from her husband. J. Carey,
y, sti-rday on account of extreme
cruelty. Carey, who is an insurance
agent, failed to appear in cQurt, and
judgment was given by default.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
SUPREME
MANHOOD!
All that is good iv a man comes from his vital force, from
that stored-up energy which, feeds the braiu and physical body
with life. It is this grand power that makes a man respect
himself and love his fellow-man. It is the power that makes
life enjoyable and pictures everything brightly.
HAVE YOU LOST IT?
Have you wasted this precious vitality by excesses and
abuse of the laws of nature ? Then you are w#ak, you have
lost confidence in yourself, you see things on the dark, gloomy
side, your life is darkened, and your body shows the effects of
your dissipation in early decay.
READ THIS GREAT BOOK, FREE.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has made thousands of such
men strong and manly. It will restore you to that standard of
| wholesome, vigorous manhood that you should possess. Dr.
i ISanden will send you a book free which tells how you lost your
! power and how you can get it back. Ask Dr. Sanden for thi3
I book. It may be worth years of your life.
ORkinCM Cl EPTDIP Pfl 632Market st.. opposite
OHNUIII ILIUISiIU UUm Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Office hours— B a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal , XtfU
South Broadway; Portland, Or, 253 Washington St.; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteentu st. ; Dallas^
NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— 632 MARKET STREET.
SANTA ROSA'S
JUBILEE WEEK
Great Rose Carnival and
Pythian Celebration to
Be United.
Elaborate Arrangements for
the Opening of the Event
on May 16.
Personal Invitations to the Governor
State Officials and Other Prom
inent Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 12.— Arrange
ments for the great Rose Carnival and
Pythian celebration to be held in this
city during the week beginning May 16,
are rapidly nearing completion and there
is now no question but that the event will
be the most successful affair of its kind
ever held in this part of the State.
Since the programme was first given
to the press somo slight alterations have
been decided upon by the executive com
mittee, but none of any particular im
portance. The excursion to Bohemia,
near Guerneville, has been changed from
Wednesday, May 18, to Thursday, May 19.
This will necessitate changing the date
of the grand Pythian ball from Thursday
to Wednesday evening, but aside from
these slight changes the programme will
remain as previously announced for the
week.
This evening Grant O. Richards, chair
man of the invitation committee, sent out
personal invitations to Governor and Mrs.
J. H. Budd, Senator George C Perkins,
Congressmen Barham, Maguire, Hilhorn
and De Vries, State Controller and Mrs.
E. P. Colgan. Secretary of State Brown,
Attorney General Fitzgerald, members of
the Supreme Court, Mayor Phelan of San
Francisco, Mayor Thomas of Oakland,
Major General Dickinson, His Grace
Archbishop Riordan. Right Rev. Bishop
Nicholas, Hon. John D. Spreckels and
several ithers prominent on the coast,
many 01 whom have already signified
their desire to be present and take part
in the week's festivities.
All committees are hard at work, and at
the meeting held this afternoon the most
flattering reports were received from all
along the line. The entire city is enthusi
astic over the interest manifested on
every hand, and that the gallant Pythian
Knights are interested is shown by the
early inquiries for rooms and accommo
dations that have begun to come in to the
committee having those matters in
charge. — ____________
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
New Lightship to Be Placed Off the
Golden Gate.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— The light
house board to-day pave notice that on
or about April 7 a steam-light harbor
vessel will be established four and a half
miles outside of the bar off the entrance
to San Francisco harbor.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
First Lieutenant Charles W. Foster.
Third Artillery, will report in person to
Colonel Marcus P. Miller, Third Artillery,
president of the examining board, ap
pointed to meet at the Presidio. San Fran
cisco, at such time as required by the
board, for examination as to his fitness
for promotion.
Pensions: California— Original— William
R. Taylor, Brascomb, $6; George W.
Rolfe, Garden Grove, $6.
Oregon— Reissues, increased — Benjamin
K. Haines. Hillsboro, $6 to $8.
ADVEBTISEMENTS,
Experts Mystified
Real Diamonds are no, better foi
• all purposes than the
Gemitne^i QQ
Barrios M^
Diamonds I> uu/
We nre the sole agents In the Unite* State,
for these marvelous «eml-preciou« stones, whirh
are the nearest approach to nul e , J / 1 ™" r ' n j'
ever discovered. For the purpose of i ntr f odu^«
them quickly to the public we will forward
either
Ring, Pin, Stud, Earrings
(Screws or Drops), at
£4ff4VA (EARRINGS ARB
& '8 fUSI S2 pER pAiR )-
Hlflf OUR GUARANTEE.
I j*j Jj^y These stones are guar-
S >CEBCBtefc anteed to retain their
f« _ &*Bf lustre forever; the
HrAIU mountings are heavy
j i P WiH 111 rolled plate .indarewnr-
SSui IVll ranted for five years.
SPECIAL CAUTION:
Do not confound genuine Barrios Diamonds
with so-called Rhinestones, Parisian, Kongo,
Stirvta-Koni. White Topaz or other imita-
tion stones, regardless of what the name may
be The genuine Barrios Diamond Is the only
stone ever discovered that will retain its bril-
liancy and has no art flcial backing. It 1b the
Rich Mans Substitute and the Poor Man s
Diamond. All others are simply manufactured
from chemicals. Genuine Barrios Diamonds
are equal to real diamonds as to looks and
wear and will cut glass. :-.■:■=
This offer will last only a short time longer
and is subject to withdrawal without notice.
$tOOOc,&Z B
If it can be shown that we have ever re-
fused to replace a stone that did not give
satisfaction.
MAIL ORDERS*
A i:..autiful. Brilliant, Genuine Barrios Dia-
mond, mounted in a heavy ring, pin or stud,
will be sent to any address on receipt of One
Dollar. In ordering give full directions and
state whether small, medium or large stone is
, desired.
CAMILLE BKT6ABD, the prima donna
I of the Walter Damrosch Opera Co., writes:
"Barrios Diamonds are lustrous and full of
; fire. They are magnificent substitutes for gen-
I vine diamonds for stage purposes."
■ CAMILLE SEYGARD.
CAIXRIE CJAY, the charming actress of the
"In Town" Company, writes:
"While playing on the road I found Barrioa
■ Diamonds objects of great beauty and useful-
ness." CARRIE GAY.
Money promptly refnnded if goods ars not as represented
BEWARE OF IMITATORS.
Address Mall Orders to
BARRIOS DIAMOND CO.,
EDISON BUILDING.
42 and 44 Broad Street, New York.
Mention San Francisco Call. .-, . .. , v
SIOOTOJNYIM
WILL PAY $100 FOR ANY CASE
O? Weakness in Men They Treat and
Fail to Cure.
An Omaha Company places for the
first time before the public a Magical
Treatment for the cure of Lost Vital-
ity, Nervous and Sexual Weakness, and
Restoration of Life Force in old and
young men. No worn-out French rem-
edy; contains no Phosphorus or other
harmful drugs. It is a "Wonderful
Treatment — magical in Its effects — pos-
itive in its cure. All readers, who are
suffering from a weakness that blight 3
their life, causing that mental and
physical suffering peculiar to Lost
Manhood, should write to the STATE
MEDICAL COMPANY, Suite 903, Ram-
age Bldg, Omaha, Neb., and they will
send you absolutely FREE, a valuable
paper on these diseases, and positive
proofs of their truly Magical Treat-
ment. Thousands of men, who have
lost all hope of a cure, are being re-
stored by them to- a perfect condition.
This Magical Treatment may be ta-
ken at home under their direction, or
they will pay railroad fare and hotel
bills to all who prefer to go there for
treatment, if they fail to cure. ; They
are perfectly reliable;- have no Free
Prescriptions, Free Cure, Free Sample,
or C. O. fake. They have $250,000
capital, and guarantee to cure every
case they treat or refund every dollar;
or. their charges* may be deposited in
a bank to be paid to them when a cure
is effected. WFite them to-day. ,' . ■
111114 INIro
gS|4 FROM THE EYES
§&pi# IS THE HATIIRAL READING
V*Ws distance Nearer OR FURTHER
15 ABtfOnplAL AND HEED} INVESTIGATION
, CALL ahd SEE US
Opticians . pho t ° 6 5 pu f 5
r^o 642 MARKET ST. <u«-
UMDER CHROMICLE BUILDIrIS.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE.
_^|!004. Market SU
]■ Near Powell.
Telepnone, South , 4SO.
Q vi.it DR. JORBAH'S Great
jj^4| Museum of Anatomy
I Mra\ , 1051 HA2ZZT ST. bat. sth * 7th, C. F. CaL
m % W The Largcit or i:s in World.
I^l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 \f*Wl/ ftt" ■ CoD»ult»t'on free.' TFrlw for Book -','■ ! . '
vi 9 of Marriagei
• " « *' ••• ■' .'■'. Mftittp rues. -"
&Co.>g?iw
l« '•■ 6 PAT ENTS^ ; ij
Vfi^33O MARKET ST. S.F.SSS^__
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITTERS, . :tHB
great ' Mexican Remedy, . elves bealtb %a 4
•trenstb to the sexual organ*. .ANOTHER
BAY FOR
BOREAS
Gales and Hurricanes
Up and Down the
Coast.
Sixty-Eight Miles at Point
8| Reyes, Over Seventy
at Tamalpais.
It Came From the Northwest,
So Shipping Did Not
Suffer.
TWO PILOTS' EXPERIENCE
Tliay Come Near to Taking an In
voluntary Trip to the Islands
and the Orient.
Growing playful again the wind
picked up its heels yesterday and came
in over the city with a rush, heralding
its riotous approach with shrill whistles
and clouds of dust.
Out at the Cliff House it was blowing
a gale of fifty-two miles to the hour
when the sun rose, but this subsided to
thirty-six miles toward the middle of
the day. As evening drew near it
trilled its pipes until they sang the tune
of forty-fear miles an hour, and tho
buildings shook and rattled with the
duet of the shrieking gale and the
thunder of the surf.
The only sailing vessels which braved
the blast after the wind had gained its
greatest velocity were the pilot boats
which must cruise up and down the
b:ir, regardless of wind or weather. The
steamers £ealandia and Doric put to
pea during the early part of the after
noon, and the heavy seas on the bar
came near causing an involuntary trip
to the islands and the Orient for their
pilots. There are two pilots by the
name of Jordan, and for the sake of
distinction as well as for physical rea
sons one is known as '"Big" Jordan and
the other as "Little" Jordan. "Big"
Jordan was on the Zealandia and "Lit
tle" Jordan on the Doric.
When they crossed the bar the surf
was running so high that they could
not leave their charge, and they had
to pass the inside pilot boat America,
which was to have taken them back
to the city. They therefore proceed
il to the outer pilot line and there
managed to board the Bonita, but only
aftor the Bonita had lost her main and
her fore sail while maneuvering to get
them aboard.
When they arrived off Melgrgs wharf ;
"Big" Jordan deckled 'that he would
i >me a-.-hore at mice despite the sea, |
which was running in the tideway, and
&:> he got into the yawl and started to !
jmll ashore. The tide and the waves
swamped the boat, however. Just as she
was reaching the seawall, and Jordan
had to continue to the end of his jour
huey on foot, with the water up to his
9 waist. He yelled for assistance, but
even his pilot's voice was drowned in
the howling wind, SO he struggled on
over the rocks of the bulkhead until he
could make a landing.
Moiggs wharf escaped without any
damage, as did the vessels that were
tied to it, although at 7 o'clock, just
before the wind began to abate, it
looked as if the serious consequences
of Wednesday night's blow might be
repeated. So threatening was it at this
time that the schooner Lily lying at
section B of the seawall was chafing
herself in a most dangerous manner, al
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTH
ISTHE WORKING CAPITAL OKIHMAXTTY
-* He who loses Is wrecked indeed. Is your
health ff.lilnjj yoa? Your strength, ambition.
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
SAN Francisco, Cal.
Forthe speedy, safeand permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRQNICandPRIVATE
Dlseasefl, even In their most aggravated forms.
There Is no physician in the world who. has
effected so many permanent cur' s. many ot
which other physicians of acknowledged ability
had given up as hopeless. _^ .
SNEnteaaft
MEN The awful effects of mglected or improp-
frlv troatp'l cases causing drains, weakness ot
the" body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
'ack of energy and confidence, pains in the back,
joins and kldnevs and many other distressing
symptoms, unfitting one for study, business, mar-
riage or enjoyment of life. Doctor Hweany can
cure you, no matter who or what has failed.
Mf£a|f K2£M Ih' restores lost vigor and
tTCAn InElfl vitality to weak men. Orßiin*
of theiloTlv which have been weakened or shrunk-
en through diswises, overwork, excesses or ; "'dis-
cretions ure restored to full power, strength and
vigor by his own successful system of treatment.
DIID'TIIDC Cured ] >y hlsnew method wlth-
nilr IUIfC out knife, truss or detention
from work-a nainless>*urc and permanent cure. S
UADIPnf'EI C Ilydrocele, BwellitiK and
■ All I wUIICLCf tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing succeaa.
CVDUII IC an ' ! nil diseases of the blood
O I nihlw promptly im.! thoroughly cured
find .-very trace of the poison eradicated from the
system by Dr. Sweaiiy's own successful treatment
PRIVATE DISEASES, Inflammation.
rlllefllEßJi'dELHdE.dl discharges,
strictures, which if neglected or improperly
treated break down the system, cause kidney and j
bladder diatases, etc * •• ■> ' * -■
DISEASES OF WOMEN. ejsS
-ial attention given to all their many aliments.
U/DITC lf you ar<> aware of any trouble j
ffnllCl HO NOT DELAY: rail on Pr !
Sweanv to-day. ITyon cannot call, write him. Hi»
"aluable l>ook free to all sutl'erers. i
CONSULTATION FREE nnil rr>nfl -
bUlf&yL Bft 3 iiiVt rett.% dential at
office or by letter. K. L. SWKANY, M. D., 787 |
M»rket St , opposite Grant >ive.S«;> Francisco, Cai. |
, , iiours: Jto 1-. 5t05.7 to B; .suathtys 10 to 12. - : ,
though she had out extra lines. Cap
tain Bottger called for the tug Sea
Witch, and had the LUy towed out Into
the bay, where he anchored.
The schooner Sacramento, which had
tied up to section A, was also batter
ing herself heavily, and her captain
called for the services <.f the tug, but
when the Sea Witch had finished with
the L,i]y the wind and waves had abat
ed considerably, so the Sacramento re
mained at her moorings.
A small scow schooner next to the
Lily raised her foresail and cast off her
forward lines and fell out from the
wharf, and she was thus enabled to
ride easily with the help of her an
chor. The schooner Beulah was also
moored to section B. while besides the
Sacramento, the schooners Edward
Park and barkentine Monitor were tied
up to section A, but they rode the storm
ruit in safety.
In the early part of the afternoon
Weather Prophet Hammon sent tele
graphic dispatches to all parts of the
State instructing the agents of the
Weather Bureau to erect the necessary
■tonn signals as a warning to the peo
ple of the approaching gale. The chief
wharfinger of this city was notified to
warn the owners of vessels and ad
vise them to let out extra mooring
lines, and everything, in fact, was done
to prepare the city for the northwester.
"The storm at present is central over
Northern Idaho and Nevada," said
Forecast Official Hammon yesterday in
explanation of the cause, origin and
probable scope of the gale. "It is now
raging in California, Nevada and the
Pacific Coast generally, and every in
dication points that as it forces its
way farther down its velocity will in
crease, and before its force is broken
will be running at the rate of sixty
miles an hour.
"The general idea that the storm will
be the effects of causing rain is with
out foundation, as every indication is
against such a consequence, except per
hapfl the appearance of an occasional
shower.
"The storm from its central position
in Idaho and Nevada is gradually
forcing its way southward and San
Francisco can prepare itself for an in
crease in the velocity of the wind as it
comes sweeping down the interior val
leys and along the coast. A light
rair. fell throughout Eureka and Ore
gon yesterday afternoon, but was not
sufficient to produce any general effect,
as it lasted but a few moments.
"The conditions are favorable in the
northern part of the State and Nevada
for a severe snowstorm, as the barom
eter is rapidly falling, but as far as
this city is concerned we will have
nothing but high winds."
UNLOADING THE STOWAWAYS.
Two women were discovered in hiding before the vessel reached Black Point. Captain Jepsen at once stopped
the vessel, and, lowering a boat, put the women in it and sent them ashore. He had to lower them over the side of
the Puebla in a sling, and both of them were drenched before they got away from the steamer's Bide. Had the
women succeeded in getting as far as Seattle, they intended stowing away on the steamer Australia, and in that way
get to Dyea or Skaguay.
Mr. Hammon declares that this is one
of the severest wind storms the State
| has experienced for five years. Com
i munication was received from Mount
i Tamalpais late last night that the wind
was traveling over the summit at the
rate of 72 miles an hour.
At Point Reyes the velocity was 68
miles an hour, and steadily increasing.
The full force of the north wind was
! felt in the Richmond district yesterday.
I So great was the force that regular
| sand showers swept over the entire
! place. Signs and other external fas
| tenings to the houses were made to rat
tle and shake as if they were on board
j a vessel under full sail, while chimney:
j tops were twisted and turned from
i their original positions.
In Golden Gate Park trees and shrubs
were made to bend their proud heads to
the northern breeze that had made its
presence felt, but no damage was re
ported at the superintendent's office.
The animals hugged the weather fences
with an unusual tenacity. The big
grizzly bear and old Ben Harrison,
with his household of buffaloes, shook
their heads in majestic disdain at any
thing so trifling as a sixty-five mile
gale of ocean wind.
Although all possible preparation had
been made in anticipation of the ap
proaching storm, the majority of resi
dents of this city were taken by sur
prise. Hats were seen rolling over the
I cobbles with their owners performing
I all kinds of contortion feats in hot pur
j suit; women with their bonnets on one
! side and with their hair disheveled
were making their way round the cor
ners of high buildings with the latest
styles in hosiery exposed by the dis
respectful blast to the immodest gaze
of the public, and fallen sign boards
j and debris marked the course of the
: wind on every side.
The weather conditions to-day will
i be similar to those of yesterday, and .
' the storm signals can be expected to be
i seen on the flagpole of the Mills build
' ing for at least twenty-four hours
' longer.
Damage in San Pablo Bay.
SAN QUENTIN, March 12.— Assist- i
• ant Lighthouse Keeper Anderson of the
lighthouse on Two Brothers Island in
San Pablo Bay was here to-day. Dur- ■'
ing the heavy storm that did so much
oamage u> the San Francisco shipping
the wind played havoc at the light- i
house, wrecking all the small houses i
and destroying the. wharf. The waves ,
were the highest and the velocity of
the wind the greatest that has visited j
the station in many years. Every- j
thing was carried • away except the
lighthouse and the dwelling houses.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will b"e paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CAI.L, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1808.
TWO WOMEN
STOWAWAYS
Were Discovered on the
Puebla Before Reach
ing Black Point.
Captain Jepsen Put Them Into
a Ship's Boat With the
Aid of a Sling.
Had They Got as Far as Seattle They
Intended Stowing Away on the
Australia.
The steamer City of Puebla went
away yesterday with the largest crowd
of passengers that has yet left San
Francisco for Puget Sound. She took
away 190 in the cabin and 296 in the
steerage. Of these over 150 are for the
Klondike, the majority of the others be
ing bound East via the Canadian Pa
cific Railway on cut-rate tickets.
All the passengers were well supplied
with freight and the steamer's deck.s
were littered with it, while aft mules,
horses and dogs were quartered. The
Puebla got away from the wharf with
two women stowaways aboard, bur
they were discovered as the vessel was
passing Black Point and Captain Jep
sen at once stopped the steamer and
landed them at Meiggs wharf. They
were Miss Jennie Gay and Miss Nellie
Terris of this city. They said they
wanted to get to Dyea and thought if
they could only get to Seattle they
could stow away cm some other steamer
and thus reach their destination. They
were well known to the sailors on the
Puebla, and called out, "Good-by,
Frank," to on&_ of the rowers who
brought them ashore.
Captain Jepsen wasted no time with
the two women: It was blowing hard
and he wanted to get outside and on
his course as quickly as possible.
When the boat was in the water and
manned the women were put into a
sling, one at a time, and lowered into
the boat. Before they got away from
the steamer's side they were soaking
wet and during the pull for the wharf
wave after wave broke over them.
They were landed on the schooner Lily
and Captain Bottger offered to allow
: them to dry themselves in the vessePs
! cabin, but they insisted on setting
ashore and went uptown on an electric
i car.
The steamer Doric got away for the
Orient yesterday, after a delay of sev
eral hours. The boilermaker and sixth
assistant engineer, who had been re
moved to Angel Island by Dr. Rosenau,
were still in quarantine, and the quar
antine officer refused to give them up.
Dr. Chalmers gave the agent of the Oc
cidental and Oriental Steamship Com
• pany permission to take uff the me-
I chanics, but Rosenau at first refused
to part with them. Finally he agreed
: to put them aboard if the Doric was
moved into the stream. This was done,
and the trouble over the quarantine
was over.
The Doric had an unusually large
passenger list, and they all and their
1 baggage had to be put aboard by the
! mail company's tug. This was the
] cause of the delay, and the language
\ used by the male passengers in dis
cussing the quarantine muddle would
i not look well in print.
Among the cabin passengers on the
■ Doric was Mrs. J. M. Shotwell, widow
of the late Captain J. M. Shotwell. A
host of her friends were down to see
the lady away and wish her a pleas
ant sojourn in the land of the chrysan
themum.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Zealandia g<.-t away for Honolulu on
time. Owing to the strong northerly
wind that was blowing, Captain Dow
dell had some trouble in getting the big
, steamer away from the wharf, but
I once clear of the structure she was
' soon straightened out and went full
j speed on her course.
She carried the following passengers:
Miss Mary Allen, W. Auld, H. W. Baker
and wife, W. D. Bethel, Miss Mary
Brocks, H. C. Brown and wife, Miss H.
Burns, H. J. Burrell, Mrs. R. F. Bur
rell, C. J. Cox, Miss S. Ems, C. A. Gal
braith and wife, W. Gassett, Mrs. T.
Goodman and three children, G. T.
Hawley. M. C. Hawley. Miss Harriet
! Hitchcock, Lieutenant F. 11. Holmes,
! Dr. Humphreys, W. P. Jones and wife,
Dr. Sa%ant Jerome, D. Kalauokalani, J.
K. Kaulia, \V. Klebahn, J. W. Lee and j
wife. Miss Lee, J. M. Lydgate and wife, j
F. Courtney Mitchell, J. H. Monteath, j
D. M. Newbro, E. T. Niebling, wife and '
child, Mrs. T. C. Porter and child, Wil
liam Pritchett and wife. Miss L. Ripley, I
W. Scharfer, R, C. Scott, Thomas I
Smith, Mrs. T. G. Smith, A. Tobin, E. S.
Valentine, L. J. Wallace, Dr. A. W.
Wilcox, J. EL Wilson and W. A. Young
and wife.
A Sovereign Remedy.
Dr.Parker's Cough Cure, l dose will atop
coush; never falls; 25c; all druffsrlsts. • |
HOME THRUSTS
FOR THE GUARD
Questions That Are to
Be Asked by Brigade
Inspectors.
The Division Commander Has
Taken an Entirely New-
Departure.
His Method of Ascertaining the Exact
Condition of California's Cit
izen Soldiery.
Major General John H. Dickinson, N. G.
C, some time aft^r assuming the duties
of division commander, announced that
it was his intention of ascertaining the
status of the guard in this State in order,
to have data upon which to effect changes"
and reforms that will have a tendency to
make the State militia what it ougn't to
be — serviceable.
Jn the pursuance of this Intention he
hHH taken a new departure and yes
terday issued a memorandum for the use
of inspectors, which will have to be com
plied with and returned to division head
quarters.
The following are the questions which
will be asked and which will make many
of those who hold commissions ask.
"Where are we at?":
On what days Is the flag raised and lowered
on your armory, and at what hours?
When was last Inspection by brigade, regi
ment, battalion or company commander?
By whom accompanied?
Last annual Inspection by brigade Inspector,
and when and by whom made?
What supervision given the Instruction of the
officers by commanding: officer?
What practical and theoretical Instruction
given by the brjgade, regiment or company
commander in person since last Inspection?
Recruits receive thorough Individual instruc
tion before lx>inK required to do company duty?
Troops practiced how often since lant'annual
inspection, in marching with full kit. In ad
vance and rear guard duty, In outpost, rvcon
nolgsance, patrols and pitching tents during
year?
Bayonet exercise for Infantry, how often?'
Regimental drill, how o'ten," and by whom
commanded?
Battalion drill, how often, and by whom
commanded?
Is the command fully equipped and ready for
the field? If not, to what extent is It? '
What field service performed since last in
spection?
Are all company officers and enlisted men
required to attend target practice with' small
arms?
Are all officers instructed and efficient?
What mean? of amusement or entertainment
exist In the armory?
To what extent do men visit armory except
for duty?
Does harmony prevail among the officers of
the organization? . . . .  ;■ ,
What is the capacity of officers conducting
the military and staff services of the com
mand? v .. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! *i Z2 12 Si % %' *s m % gj &'?s SS3 Ktt S&n*>%»asti«s?sBB 88 »a 88 S2 Si
PAINLESS DENTISTRY g|||
OUR SPECIALTY. )^^^ aSf
Ss*i PLATES
FULL SET. JL JUilliJU
CROWNS $3.50. FILLINGS 50c.
ALL "WORK W^A-K,R,-A.ISrTEID.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON. Open Evenings.
; *. g3BS?ggggBgggB?B?B 88?8g8g8 88 8888fKg88g^88888388888888828aS8S
| __ ___ - . ■ :-• .-■ - -  .. . .■-.■.■ .-..■■■: ■• . . -■ . . :
What officers addicted to intemperance?
-What o: fleer* unfit for active service through
infirmltv or other cause? „ . '■'*■"",
.What are the means of communication by
road, rail and telegraph?. \- : '-• -"• - _-":,
The zeal and ability of the commanding offl
cer to perform hisduties? - • -
Regimental adjutant, who and when ap
pointed? •
Are any of his duties delesated. and to
whom ?
His capacity and fitness?
Order book, how kept?
Letters-received book?
LetterF-s'-nt book?
How many men from each company are in
structed In cooking?
- What articles of mess furniture have you on
hand, "and its condition?
What instructions given officers by regiment
or battalion commanders under small arms fir
ing: regulations? , ,;,
What supervisions of the preliminary drills
and exercises?
What over the company skirmish and volley
firing? • :■ ■:■- ">
What instruction given' non-commissioned
officers by company commanders?
Have company officers participated in the
preliminary drills and exercises, and to what
extent?
Has each company been thoroughly exercised
in sighting drills, position and aiming drills,
and gallery practice?
Is there a gallery or sheltered place for gal
lery practice?
Location and suitability of range?
Practice seasons, what?
Is the range completely provided with tar
gets, pits, butts, markers' shelter, poles and
streamers, firing points, etc.?
Practice been held according to firing regu
lations. Pars. 178-79-80?
What practice at moving targets?
How long are recruits under instruction be
fore drilling with companies?
Nature and extent of instructions?
Are there any but the authorized fund* kept?
Verification of funds, when, and by whom
last made?
Is clothing properly protected against moths?
13 any member of the sanitary corps of ln
temperate habits?
Are members of the sanitary corps required
to perform any military duty other than that
pertaining to their corps?
All movable property marked, and how?
Are blankets not in use frequently examined
anil occasionally shaken and hung out of doora,
or what la done with them?
Condition of instruments and supplies?.- ...
What instruction by medical officers?- . - :
Nature and extent given members .of sani
tary corps?
Any suggestions concerning medical depart
ment? c...--
What facilities for repair of arms, accouter
ments and equipments?
Are post and ordnance stores properly cared
for?
Any loaned?
Number of . telephones and transmitters used
on target ranges?
Any skilled telegraph operators?
Is signal property employed for other than
public uses?
How many officers and enlisted men are pro
ficient in the exchange of signals by flags,
heliograph or telegraph?
Names of lieutenants on duty with company?
Are they capable and efficient in e-'ery re
jspi ct?
Mention any special accomplishment, apti
tude or qualification shown by them?
Ii company divided Into squads, each In
charge of a N. CO.?
Are arms ever taken apart or equipments
fitted except by permission or under the direc
tion of an officer?
What practice has company had In field cook
injr during: year?
,Vre any of the non-commissioned officers ad
dicted to drinking or gaming?
Character and fitness for service of recruits
received since last annual inspection?
How long are recruits kept under instruction
before they are taken up for duty?
Has company n serviceable hand litter?
How many drill." and schools have the non
commissioned officers had during the year?
In what subjects?
1 v whom taught? 'VV.-i'
What Instruction In minor tactics, hasty
cover, etc.?
What problems In minor tactics solved?
How miiny practice exercises In outpost, ad
vance and renr guard duties?
What facilities for gymnastic exorcises?
Whnt instructions given and by whom?
What field service, practice marches or en
csmnments during the year?
What carried by men?
What Instructions civen in camp?
The number of miles marched?
How many distinguished sharpshooters?
ITow many distinguished marksmen?
How mnry first ciMHt
How many spmnd class?
How mnny third class?
Are the arms kept In racks, bayonet* in
seabbanis nnd jiccouterments and sabers. hung
up by the belts? ■ ■ ,
Are the arm racks kept locked, ana who has
k**v °
Is com pan v property marked with letter of
compnnv and number and name of regiment?
Is there a company order book, and is It
kept np? ■■'•'■'■*■■',„'
Ts thpre a letters-received book?
I-etters-sent book?
romcany clothing book, or account?
Tfnster book?, -"
Files of order*?
What signal flags and torches have you?
Whnt Instnictloi has b*en given In Judging
dlotAnc «f stnfionary obiects? .-.
Jn indglntr rllstßnce of moving objects?
What practlcnl Instruction given company
durli'ir vofir in bitting horses?
• ■Pitting hnrne« and horse equipments?
■Hiding schools?
T'se of rnnire finders?
Tt=a of sights?
What Instruction given in estimating dl9
t,I"CPS" • • '
In ulstol prnctlee pnd rounds per man?
Any instruction in crossing streams or
dltchM? '"•'.' i"" t ,
In. embarking on boats or the cars?
Nearly 1000 children are born yearly
In London workhouses.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■". . . ■ _ ._
THE TRIUMPH OF SCIENCE.
IHE I IlilJlTiril l/l JJylLl\vL«
REMARKABLE DISCOVERY OF AN iAT LAST A CLRE FOR CATARRH,
AMERICAN MEDICOCHEMIST, LA GRIPPE, CONSUMPTION
AND ITS GREAT VALUE AND LUNG TROUBLES '
TO HUMANITY. THAT CURES.
rprr to every reader OF THE ?'.:
rfV 1 -- 1 --- -SAN FRANCISCO CALL."
Three Bottles Upon Written Application.
THOSE WHO USE jg^Z—^*" *^ THOSE WHO USE
THEM GET WELL. -gk THEM GET WELL.
tin I W^l
P? : I .nit -" i
t:% I Ml I' ■I Pi
I^— I Ili 'I M I!) : '^>\
EDITOR'S NOTE— AII readers of The San Francisco Call anxious regarding
the health of themselves, children, relatives or friends, can have Three
Free Bottles of the Doctor's New Discoveries, as represented in the above
illustration, with complete directions, by sending full address to Dr. Slo-
cum's Laboratory, Slocum Buildinp, New York City.
CONSUMPTION CAN BE CURED.
Foremost among the world's greatest ' tor demonstrate its wonderful merits
Medico-Chemists stands Dr. Slocum of . he will send Three Free Bottles (The
New York City. His efforts, which Dr. Slocum New Scientific System' of
for years had been directed toward the Medicine) with full instructions, pam-
discovery of a positive cure for con- phlets, etc., to all readers of The San
sumption, were finally successful, and Francisco Call who send for them,
already his "new scientific system of : Simply .write to T. A. Slocum, Man-
treatment" has, by its timely use, per- ufacturing Chemist,- Slocum BuiJdin;?,
manently cured thousands of appar- , New York, giving name, postofflce and
ently hopeless cases. ; r t ; -.-■;'; , express address. V'; ; ;-;
He has demonstrated the dreaded '■■ There is no charce for medicine or
disease to be curable beyond a doubt, in \ correspondence advicu. : ij I ..'
any climate. .. , .! '■'. ".'■".. Knowing, as we do. of the undoubted
Indisputable facts prove that the ' efficacy of the»Dr. Slocum New System
Doctor's New Discoveries are an abso- of Medicine, we urge every sufferer to
lute cure for Consumption and all bron- take advantage of this most liberal
chial, throat, lung and chest troubles: proposition. viv
la grippe, stubborn coughs, catarrhal Please tell the Doctor, when writing,
affections, scrofula, rheumatism, gen- that you read this generous offer In
eral decline and weakness, loss of flesh The San Francisco Call, and -greatly
and all wasting conditions; and to bet- , oblige. ...
•ELY'S CREAM BALM Is a posltlvecure.
Apply into the nostrils- It is qnlckly absorbed. 50
cents at Drasrsjiste or by mail : samples 10c. by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 58 Wnrrea St.. New York City.
.
PCfalcheater'* E««Zt*h IMxmead Brail:
ENNYROYAL
-4jT~v Original and Only Cenclno. A.
£A\ tWi* 1 tor' CMchetter English I>ia-Jgfi\
V^^KShoxed, Brand with bhir riWv - mct*V.io\UjY
Try -"^«»j|boxe«, acaloi with tine ribbon. T«ke yy
T*l S^wSno other. R'.fiiie demgtrour tubstitif Vi
' I / ~ fjftiom and imitation*. At Drngristi. or isid 4«.
I Cw AT In tump* for parMcalirn. tntlmonitlr. ml
I ■»» . O ■ "B*Ucf for Ladles." in UUrr. hj r-toru
A BT Bfall. IO.UOO i>«tlmonl»U. ffamn ,'ip-r.
_ "rC*li»lie«trrt;heinlcalCo.,Mndl*o« a i»«r«,
«Wtj»llLoctlDm«gliU. I'IIIIAIa., I'
' ...
11 For three years I had been suffering from
dyspepsia and stomach trouble, and had tried every-
thing from patent medicines down to the 'hot water 1
remedy.^! Last spring I noticed Ripans Tabules ad-
vertised in the village paper, and bought a package
of Dr. Durant.% I had not used more than a dozen
m f
before I felt better. \ I keep them in the house all
the time and give them to my friends, but I rarely
have occasion now to take one mysel£"
SEMI ANNUAL EXAMINATION
OF
TEACHERS.
The resrular semi-annual examination of ap-
plicants for teachers' certificates '.liitrh School.
Grammar and Primary grades and special cer-
tificates) will commence. at the Normal School
buildinp, Powell ytreet, near Clay, on FRIVAY,
March 18, IS9S. at 1:30 p..m. . ;
In compliance with the State school law each
applicant must pay an examination fee of ft Ui
advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, secretary. of r!u<
Board of Examiners, office, central corridor
third floor. City Hall. R. H. 'WEBSTER,
... . Superintendent of Common School!.
CHAS. W. WELCH. Secretary.' . : .
W&g£ DR. HALL'S KbiN YIIiORATOR
MMjhAH Five hundred reward for any caaa
BH HH.vi- cannot cure. This secret remedy
H '*•'.-'. ■* > H °P a all losses In 24 hours, enrea
nSH ISeI Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
rj#»l w"Ifl Jonorrhoea, Gl»et, Fita. Strictures.
fiUli uJijLost Manhood and all wasting ef-
jjßSQ n^a fectsof self-ab-iseor excesses. Sent
■P^lwflHPP ■••'!! <*'l *2 bottlf: 3 bottles. *5; jruar
anteedtoctire. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IX-
BTITUTE, BSS Broadway, Oakland. CaL Alao
for eale at ICTSVa Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
910
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Kmanuel Baptist. Twenty-third and Bart-
lett streets.
Rev. J. George Gibson
noly by the pastor.
Tlrst Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods
From On High." Even-
lrn In the Flesh."
Gvrman Baptist, Seventeenth and Dehon
Streets.
Rev. H. L. Diets
Morning— "The Prayer of Our Lord Jesus
for the Unite? of all Believers. Even-
ing— "Ruth's Resolve."
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Steir.er.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
Morning— "The Parable of the Tares."
Evening— "Is the World Growing Worse T
Catholic Sailors' Union, foot of Mission
street.
Paulist Fathers.
Evening— Address by Father Otis.
Holy Cross, Eddy and Soott streets.
Father MacGinty
[orning— Change of the hours In the masses
to 6:30, 8, 9:45 and 11 a. m. Evening—
Vespers.
Our ljuly of Guadahipe, Broadway,
Mopoii street.
Father St. Andrew
iMorning— "Ye Have Heard It."
Vespers.
Evening—
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street, near
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
Morning— Rev. L. Dubois will speak on the
Gospel of the day. Evening— "St. Joseph.
St. Boniface, Golden Gate arenue and Polk
street.
Franciscan Fathers
Morning— "Prayer."
Rosary.
Evening— Vespers and
St. BrlgldV. V»n Ness avenue and Broad-
way.
Father Cottle
Morning— "Sin Ts a Viola'
Law." Evening— Vespers ar
St. Dominic's, Stelner and Bush streets.
Dominican Fathers
lornlnK
Holy :
body.
K— Members of the Sodality of the
Name will receive Communion in a
Evening— Vespers and Benediction.
St. Francis, Vallejo and Montgomery Bts.
Father Carraher j Morning— Epistle and Gospel.
I Benediction.
Evening —
St. Ipnatiutt, Hayes street and Van Ness:
avenue. j
Jesuit Fathers,
Morning-Father Butler will preach on the
Gospel. Evening -Father Sardl will speak
on "Human Responsibility."
Pt. James. Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.
Father Lynch
Morning -Gospel of
Vespers.
the day.
Evening —
St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets.
Paullst Fathers
Morning — Continuation of non-Catholic
Mission, by Father Younan. Evening—
A'eBpers.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue
and O'Farrell street.
Father Prendegaet
Morning-Father Prendegast will prfwh.
3 i) ni'— Father Ramm will conduct the
services of the Calvarian Society. Even-
ing—Sermon by Father O'Ryan.
St. Patrick, Third and Mission streets.
Father Kane
Morning— Gospel of the day.
Vespers.
Evening-
Pt. Peter's,
Alabama.
Twenty-fourth street.
Father Casey
Morning— Opening of mission for
Evening — Vespers and instruction.
men.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mis-
sion.
Rev. F. S. Ford
Morning— 'Babes in Christ."
"Free From the Law."
Evening —
West Side Christian.
Devisadero.
Bush
street.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Morning - "Peace." EvenIng-"Chri9tian :
ity 1'ersuaslve Rather Than Arbitrary.
Berthiuiy Congregational, Twenty-flfth and
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Morning— W. W. Madge will preach. "The
Place of All." Evening— 'The Soul."
Bettilehem Congregational. Twenty-fourth
at»l Vermont streets.
Kev. W. C. Tubbs
Morning— "For Who Hath Despised the Day
of Small Things?" Evening— "WaU-hman,
What of the Night "'
First Congregational, Po*t and Mason sts.
Rev. G. C. Adams
Morning— "The Light of the World." Even-
ing— "Brave Men."
Olivet Congregational.
Noe streets.
Seventeenth
and
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Morning— "''hrlst and the Uw."
— "Filial Honor."
Evening
Flvmouth Congregational. Post street, near
Websfte.r.
Hev. F. B.
Morning— "Necessities of Home Mission-
ary Work." Evening— "St. Patrick,
Manly Man and Genuine Saint."
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and ('lament street.
Rev. P. Coomba
Morning— "Children Who Are Balnts."
Evening— "Congregational Home Mission-
ary Generosity to California."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
Morning— "The Problem of Going to
Church." Evening— Quakers will conduct
the service.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near 1
Market.
Rev. Mr. Emery
I Morning— Sermon bv pastor. Evening—
I Special muBlc by the vested choir.
Grace Epiaoppal, Stoakton and
streets.
Rev. Dr. Foute
Morning -Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Special music.
Prestdlo Chaj>el. Presidio Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelly
Morning— Special devotional service.
St. Luke 1 *, Van Ness raenue and Clay Bt.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
:30 p. m— Meeting of St. Barnaba's Guild
of trained nurses; sermon by Bishop
Nichols.
Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cuoke
Morning— Holy Communion. Evening— Pas-
tor will preach.
First English Lutheran. Geary street.
G'iu£h
Rev. E. Nelander I Morning— "Hereafter."
! geddon."
Evening — "Arma-
Bethel African M. E.. PrrweU street.
.TarlOFon.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
! Morning— "Union Necessary to Victory."
Evening— "The Urgent Life."
California Stre.?t M.
Brod^rick streets.
E..
California and
Rev. J. W. Phelps IMorning— "Our Joy and Crown."
I —"Judas."
Evnlng
Central
Sixth.
Methodist.
Mission street.
nea:
Rev. C. E. Locke 'Morning — "Miracles; not Incredible: not
! Against Natural Uw." Evening— "Don't
I Worry."
Epworth M. E., Church and Twenty-sixth
streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward Morning— Sunrise player meeting. Evening
! Epworth League.
Fifteenth avenue M. E.. Fifteenth
south and P street.
Rev. H. N. Pearce I Morning— Sunday school. Evening— Preach-
I ing t>v the pastor.
First M. E., Powell street, near Wash-
ington.
Rev. W. S. T'rmy
Morning— Class meeting,
ttonal meeting.
Evening — Devo-
Grace M. E.. Twenty-first and Capp streets.
Rev. J. K, Beard Morning— "The Kmpty Seat."
I "Growth. "
Evening—
Howard street M. E.. Howard and Second
streets.
Rev. J. A. B.
IMorning— "The Witness of the Spirit."
! Evening— "The Pre-eminent Christ."
Japanepe M. E.. 1329 Pine street.
Mury M. Bowen, Evangelist
Ible class.
Potrero M. T... Tennessee and Solano ets.
Rev. D. W. Chllson IMorning— Sunday school.
I mediate League.
3 p. m.— Inter-
Richmond M. E.. Fifteenth avenue, near
Point Lobos avenue.
Rev. A. A. Anderson ! Evening— Services by Rev. J. Renwlck.
Simpson Memorial. Hayes and Buchanan
ptreets.
Rev. J. Stephens 'Morning— Address by Mrf>. Dr. Baldwin, of
1 Now York, on the "Orient." Evening—
I "The Hero of the Gospel Story."
Trinity M. E.. Sixteenth. Market and Noe
streets. ,
Rev. II. W. Pearce !
I
Morning— "Paul and Victory." Evening —
"The Final Doom of the Impenitent."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphill
Morning— "I Will Magnify
Evening — "Te Deum."
the
Lord."
iFlrst Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie Morning— Pr. Mackenzie will preach. Even-
I Ing— Rev. E. H. Jenks will occupy the
! pulpit.
Firaf United Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Rev. M. M. Gibson 'Morning— "Religion; What Good Is Itr 1
Evening— "Love, Courtship and Mar-
riage."
Howard Presbyterian. Oak and Baker sts.
Rev. F. R. Farrand i Morning— "Love One Another."
I —"Do Good to All."
Evening
Memorial Presbvterian. Eighteenth street
anri Railroad avenue.
Rev. H. N. Bevler IMorning— "The Moral Must." Evening—
! "Love the Fulfillment of the Law."
Stewart Memorial.
Rev. W. E. Dugan
Mornine— "Joseph and Nicodemus at
Christ's Funeral." Evening — "Love and
Action."
Westminster Presbyterian. Page atvl Web-
ster streets.
Rev. "S. S. Cryor i Evening— "Laodlcea."
First Unitarian. Franklin and Geary sts.
Rev. H. Stebblns (Morning;— All are cordially Invited.
Saeond Unitarian,
R«v. A. J. Wells "Education and Life." Evening—
! Address by Judge A. W. Thompson on
I "Bossism."
Bush street Temple. Bush and Laguna sts.
Rabbi Myers !
Evening— Regular Sunday evening lecture.
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 223 Sut-
fer street.
The TSlble and Science and Health with i Morning— "The Parable of the Wheat and
Key to the Scriptures I Tares."
German Branch Y. M. C. A., 20S Mason Bt.
Rev. G. Guth I Evening— "The Book of Jonah, the Prophet,
! and the So-called Higher Criticism."
Salvation Army, 1139 Market street.
Major Keppel IMorning and evening— The saving of souls.
T. M. C. A.. Ellis and Mason streets.
Evangelist Yatman 13 p. m— "Impurity."
Ffrst Divine Church, Mason, near Geary.
Rev. M. "E. Cramer |
IMorning— "The Flesh Proflteth Nothing."
TO UTILIZE A
WHITE ELEPHANT
A New Departure by Messrs.
Friedlander, Gott
lob A Co.
Th«y Promina Good Attractions at
Low Prices In trio
California.
Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. have
hit upon a new plan by which it Is ex
pected to put the California Theater Into
remunerative service. The plan in simply
to put a good class of attractions on the
boards at a low figure, and at the same
time maintain the high order of the
house. A number of contracts have al
ready been plgned with leading com
panies, and the prices of seats will never
go above 50 cents. This week "Town
Topics" goes on, and it will be followed
by the famous "Old Lavender," with
many of the original players.
The newest part of the whole affair,
however. Is the engagement of a number
of high-class vaudeville companies. This
is a novelty to which San Frajiclsco
theater-goers have never before been
treated, as It has hitherto been the cus
tom to engage vaudeville artists singly,
and the result has not always been satis
factory. There are at present twenty
seven complete vaudeville companies in
this country, and Manager Friedlander
_>romißes that the cream of these will
show from time to time in the California
Theater. The vaudeville will not be kept
up continuously, but will be interspersed
with comdy, drama and a season of comic
opera.
Mr. Friedlander, in speaking of the
matter, eald: "Tea, we have decided
upon an entirely new departure, and we
expect to fill the California every night.
It has lain vacant altogether too long al
ready, and if we ran keep It filled by
means of a low admission price and first
class shows It will be far better than hav
ing It half-filled or lying idle altogether.
We do not Intend running any one line
of entertainments. First we will have
some first-class plays, then a little vaude
ville, and after that opera. There will be
no smoking or drinking allowed, and visi
tors will be treated with the same court
esy as In either of the other two houses."
Scenic Stationery.
A fine line of stationery has been pre
pared for the Pacific Coast market by
Mr. H. E. Westgate of 1430 Folsom
street. The paper in all sizes is sur
mounted by half-tone views of San
Francisco, embracing the Park Con
servatory and Stow Lake, the Cliff
House, Golden Gate and The Call build
ing. It is now on sale at over fifty
stores, including the Emporium, and is
already meeting a deserved popularity.
St. Patrick's Day at tlje Chutes.
The committee of arrangements having
charge of the St. Patrick's Day celebra
tion at the Chutes held a meeting last
night at Drews Hall. P. M. McGushin
presided. The other members of the com
mittee present were John H. Dolan, Dan
iel Tweedie, P. C. Morton, M. Gilmore,
William Gilheaney, James Bohan, P. Mc-
Keon and M. J. Moran. Satisfactory re
ports were received from the committees
on advertising and printing. The com
mittee on fireworks reported having
made arrangements for the following
special pieces, in addition to the ordinary
display; "Star of America"; a revolving
wheel; Irtsh and American flag's, en
twined; bust of Robert Emmet; "Union
for Erin"; "Who Fears to Speak of '98?"
The committee on talent was granted
further time. Upon the receipt of their
report the full programme of the cele
bration will be published in The Call
Advances made on furniture and planoa, with
or without removal. J, Noonan, 1017-1023 Mltalon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
BADLY INJURED
IN A RUNAWAY
Man and Boy Miraculously Es
cape Death While Driving on
Golden Gate Avenue.
Charles Herlngham, a grocer's clerk,
employed at u.e corner of Geary and
Webster streets, and Irving Beyer, an 11
year-old boy, living with nis parents at
1703 Geary street, sustained serious in
juries in a runaway accident on Golden
Gate avenue yesterday afternoon. Hering
hnm was driving a horse attached to a
light wagon along that thoroughfare, the
boy being on the seat with him. Norse
became frightened at a piece of paper
that was blown under his feet and dasned
wildly up the street.
Herlngham, nnding himself unable to
control the animal, called to the boy to
jump for his life, and acting upon his own
advice, sprang from Ui« wagon. His left
foot struck the hard pavement in such a
manner as to fracture his leg and two
toes. He was picked up and carried to a
neighboring drugstore, where his injuries
were dressed, after which he was re
moved to his home at 2222 Jackson street
Young Beyer took his chances with the
runaway, and was all right until the
horse jumped a water-trough in front of
a store at the corner of Buchanan street
and plunged uown the stairs leading to
the cellar. Beyer -"was pitched headlong
down the stairs and when assistance
reached him he was found in an uncon
scious condition under the horse's feet
and bleeding profusely from a deep gash
in his forehead and another in his neck
He was taken home, and his wounds were
pronounced not dangerous.
The horse broke one of its legs and had
to be shot. It was owned by J. \V. Lipp
man, an upholsterer, having been bor
rowed by Herlngham's employer. Her
ingham had only been at work In hiß
present position one day.
LIKES NOT CORSON CLARK
The Actor Accused of Getting Mad
and Swearing.
MISS HEFFRON, THE INJURED ONE.
Harry Corson Clark is a brute, also a villain, likewise a tyrant, besides
being a bear, catamount, fiend, evil spirit and other things of the animal king
dom that are uncertain of temperament and unpleasant of contemplation, if
Miss Heffron, a young lady late of his company, who follows the stage, not be
cause she needs to do so, for a living, but because she has not the heart to allow
such talent as is hers to stagnate in the placid pool of common, every-day life,
is to be believed.
That Mr. Clark is insane is no longer a matter of speculation to Miss Heffron,
it has become a settled conviction. Did he not call her a "dis'organizer?" And
•what better evidence of insanity is needed than to have a man of high nervous
tendencies, who curses when he is mad and who is mad all the time and most
of the overtime, apply such a terrible epithet to a young lady of talent? Besides
this. Miss Heffron has other evidence to offer. It Is true that the fact that Mr.
Clark in securing her services for $20, when he could have got them for $30, did
what men whose sanity has never been questioned have done before him, but
when he looked pleas-ii at getting the laugh and sore when some one else got
it, it showed, to say the least, something In his mental make-up considerably out
of the normal.
"I am a good actress," said Miss Heffron when seen yesterday, "and have al
ways been able to get along with my managers until I was unfortunate enough
to go on with this fellow (emphasis on the fellow) Clark. I tried to do with him
what I have tried and heretofore, always succeeded In doing with all Other
managers with whom 1 have been associated— give satisfaction. But it was no
use; an angel from heaven could not get along with that brute.
"He is insane, I firmly believe. He started his abuse of me in San Jose and
cursed me from there t<> Portland, Or., where I finally became so nervous that I
had a stoppage of the heart, rush of blood to the head, fluttering of the pulse,
and fell down, strikinK the back of my head so hard that It took the entire com
pany, assisted by an inexpensive doctor and a priest, four hours to bring me to.
"I was confined to my bed for some days, but finally recovered enough to
travel, and, resisting the kindly advice of other members of the company, to
hit Mr. Clark with a chair when he was not looking, I got part of the money
due me from him and came down here, where I am still recovering from the
weakness occasioned by his brutality.
"I will so»n be all right, however, and go on with Mr. William Gray's com
panies, in wiilcli lam promised a splendid part. 1 am sort of sorry, however,
when I think the matter over, J^jat I did not use that chair."
Funeral of John Russell.
The remains of the late John Russell,
the well-known steamboat steward, who
met with an accidental death In Seattle,
Wash., last Sunday, were brought to this
city on Thursday, and interred Friday
from the family residence, 616 Bush street.
Evidences of the popularity of tho de
ceased, who was connected with the vari
ous steamer lines of the coast for over a
quarter of a century, were visible around
the bier, which was surrounded with the
choicest blossoms of the early Bpring.
Friends from the far East and th»- dis
tant North joined with the great num
ber of his friends here in sending these
floral tributes to his memory.
At 10 o'clock the remains were borne
to old St. Marys Church, where a solemn
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SSB3 \ \ 82 83 \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 88 S3 82 \ \ 82 \ S3 SS 88 % S3 82 83 88 S3 82 88 83 88 88
88 ■Out 88
| CITY OF Al^PJi PARIS. |
5 GRAND OPENING. I
I HIGH-GRADE NOVELTIES 5
8? 83
88 — IN . 88
I COLORED DRESS GOODS ! |
88 — 88
\ MONHAV March 14. we will 88
88 ... JUU^Urt I , Place on sale the most gg
ss MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION »
88 Of all the very latest CREATIONS IN COLORED DRESS MATERIALS 88
88 In the most exquisite colorincs ever shown on this coast, including _-
88 A large variety of new and beautiful effects in *°
a PARIS GRENADINES, £
1881 88 si/ctf as... 88
§■ BAYADERE RIBBON, f 8
88 PLAID BAREGE, g
88 GRADUATED STRIPES, 88
88 , • Ere. . Etc. Etc. , .-.■.,■». 28
09 ,»
*° AT Qfl An immense assortment of r •*
88 . ; .iiLjijy NEW WEAVES in 88
is TAILOR SUITINGS, a
88 COWSIST//VG 0F... 88
5 ENGLISH TWEEDS, 1
| COVERT WHIPCORDS, 88
88 DRAP de SATIN, 88
88 SATIN VENETIAN, 85
88 ENGLISH WORSTEDS, 88
88 REDPERN SUITING, 88
88 ' Etc. Etc. Ere. - 88
of >•-■■"• CTC. CTC. CTC. ■
S SEE DISPLAY IN SHOW WINDOWS. 2
gg *°
i CITY of PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, i
88 SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. **
88 UNION SQUARE. II
88 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 88 83 83 88 88 83 88 83 88 88 88 88 S8 88 88 88 88 88 83 83 83 8S
high mass of requiem, with full choral
accompaniment, was celebrated by Rev.
Father Otis, assisted by Key. Father
Hopper as deacon, and Rev. Father Wy
man as sub-deacon. At the close of mass
Father W'ymun delivered a brief homily
on the penalty of death. The final abso
lution was then pronounced, the coffin
once more carried to the hearse, and the
funeral cortege wended Its way to Holy-
Cross, where the remains were interred
in the family plat.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ___— ~
EMILE ZOLA*,
The fell-Known French Writer.
EMILE ZOLA Writes: *
Yin Mariani==The Elixir of Life, which
combats human debility, the one real cause
of every ill— a veritable scientific fountain of
youth, which, in giving vigor, health and
energy, would create an entirely new and
superior race.
EMILE ZOLA.
NEVER HAS ANYTHINO BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE _ WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN.
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over
the world. It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General
Debility.
MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES AND LA GRIPPE.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write mentioning the San FrnncSsco CALLTwe send
a book containing portraits and indorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO.. 52 WEST ISTH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Hautssmann; London— Mortimer Stroet; 1 Montreal — 28-30 Hospital Street.
DIRECTORY or *
I JyiTi' WsSßSSJS&lSffiifrfhK ) TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
(^^^^^^&J TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
<B^WB^gV\^^fcSSawi^^ Vla DVEA anil SKAGUAT can arrange to
Hf/Jf \^VvW^^lHb**^ have th^ir i>rovi«ions s»'nt via St. Michael
/Trjjßi T "mSPiW and the Yukon River, by applying to
rß™fc ALASKA-YUKON
hi "^^^am TRANSPORTATION CO.,
/IriillliisSSsSr 3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
111, 1 **ls9!B' BIRCH Ct-eek dietrict; now nearly deserted
111 I VSS;^5w owing to lack uf food; larger and just as rich
/// 1 v \W 1^ as> Klondike: produced about $5, 000. 000; 1500 x
//, i \J . .. 100 feet; our new modern steamer. Alice
II j&Ihfo ■ Rix, stops there going to Pawson City; our
ilffjy^r book free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
lltijl'y '. Montgomery St., opp. Russ House. V .'-.
TRANSPORTATION.
HO! FOR DAWSON!
On or about May 1, 189S, the American bark
ALEXANDER McNEIL will sail for St. Mich-
ael connecting at the latter point with the
Pacific Coast Commercial Co.'b new dispatch
river steamer "Bessie H.
For further information call on or address
PACIFIC COAST COMMERCIAL COMPANY
A. H. HERRIMAN, Agent,
201 Front st., San Francisco.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotaebue Sound— bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9B. Fare.
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers . will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California st., San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, 201
Front St., 9an Francisco. ■ '.
Al CLIPPER BARK.
11 ITOK.THE3R.Isr IjlCa-HT, "
■ Captain Joseph Whlteslde, Commanding.
, , : Will Sail for
K.OT-ZEBUE. SOUND,
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
2£Anr 1O - - - - 18QS.
Pnssage $200, including: 3000 lbs. baggage.
$50 now will secure - passage, balance before
April 1. lS9i.:ir :"■■>:
Address • CAPT. B. COGAN,
44 East st., San Francisco.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY.
For passage * and •; freight ' apply >to ' ■
UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY, 21 Market street.
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial. Co.,
628 Market st.
Will dispatch their elegant new. ocean steamer
(now. building), for ■ Dawson City, via St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300 ; 150 pounds
baggage free. ■ -■-".-'.' . : . ,
Freight 10 " cents per i pound.
■ Their powerful new river . steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded.
' with - a speed of 15 miles per hour, - and elec-
tric .• lighted * throughout. <- ; • Send for r pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to Dyea and Skaguay, »
MINING SUPPLIES.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
HEADQUARTERS FOR W
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS. T
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
GAS ENGINES.
unTongaslngine co.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
SLEEPING BAGS.
KLONDIKE SLEEPING~BAGI
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bas mad*
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. 8% Sp?ar st.. Ban Francisco.
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. * B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-elaw deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
•onable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFIXE PAINT CO., 118 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1753.
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dotre, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outnts.
Eteam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 60 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2381.
MEDICINES.
DON'T GO TO THE KLONDIKE
OR anywhere else without a buddly of
PRATT' S ABOLITION OIL, the neve^fiillng I
remedy for Rheumatism, Neuralgia. Lam? I
Back and all lameness and pain For sale by
SS W U asrin^on A st MCB ° TILE & °° '" «*"««•«*
LIME CORDIAL.
Lime Cordial especially prepared for the
Alaska, etc., trade. Preventive and curt fot
i scurvy, etc. LT'KE Q. SRESOVICH & CO..
I Ageuts, 621 to 626 Sanaome at., Sao FranciMO.HARES THAT RAN LIKE
THE FLIERS OF MERCED
Some of the Little Ani
mals Outsprinted
the Dogs.
Splendid Coursing That Was
Witnessed at the Union
Park.
Excepting One or Two Courses the
Favorites Won tile Run
Down,
Excellent coursing wp.s witnessed yes
terday at Union Coursing Park by a tol
erably pood crowd of people, who 1 mani
fested an active interest in the pastime.
The hares were in great condition, and
felt llk< stretching themselves when they
dlaeovered an enemy in hot pursuit. Sev
eral of the courses were over a mile in
length, and in not a few instances the
hares made their escape, mucn to the de
light of the spectators, who are always
pleased to see the "little Jacks" go scott
ifter a good race from end to end of
neld.
Doubtless the sharp March wind which
ig guns out at Ocean View yester
-imething to do with the good
g of the hares. It is a well-known
son of the year hares
.: ; t. and this is especially the case
the wind blows sharply from the
north.
Id the little natives of the Merced
- feel in as good spirits to-day me
;. r^,. gathering of leashmen who will at
the rnion Coursing Park meeting
ifternoott can count upon a treat in
:ag.
The following is the result of the first
run down of the $t>42 stake:
Chit Chat beat Lily B; Coralie beat
•r; Rosetr? beat Metallic; Santa
beat Little Brown Jug: Douglas
• v Monotony; Commodore beat Gannon
Pasha: St. Lawrence beat Moore's Pre
.- riptlon; Crow Dog beat Koo Lawn;
-man beat Amorita; Mercy May
■■at The Turk; Bonita beat Arapahoe;
:tri. -t b.at Kingston: Tod Sloan beat
E ectric; Green Valley Maid beat Benicia
Boy; Diana beat Tom Hayes; Cavalier
beat Gold King; Susie beat Blackstone;
cher beat Carmen: White Chief
Sylvia: Terrona beat Kilkenny Girl;
Firm Friend beat Meta; Theron beat
, Parti; Mountain Beauty beat De
ri Maci< beat Mollle Bawn; Rusty
■•-at Lightning: Joy Bells beat Lady
. Waratah beat Silkwood; Lissak
beat Eclipse.
DISEASED MEAT SEIZED.
Nathaniel Hubbard, a San Mateo
Butcher, and a Chinese Meat
Dealer Arrested.
An Important seixure waa made by Meat
■ and Policeman Butter
w nth, who is attached to the Board of
Ith, In Chinatown yesterday.
They had received information that dis
eased meat was being sold to Chinese
butchers in Chinatown, and yesterday
morning they seized two carcasses of cows
in the butcher shop of Quang Gee, lOl^z
"Washington alley. They had just been
delivered by Nathaniel Hubbard, a but
cnei I] San Mateo.
The officers made Hubbard place the
two carcasses on his wagon again and he
and Quang Gee were taken to the City
Prison, where a charge under the State
law of offering and having" for' sale dis
eased meal was booked against them.
The carcasses were saturated with coal
oil and wfr then sent to the fertilizing
work*. Th«? iiiiwrt iimi been suffering from
rculosis in an aggra^ted form and
the glands have been kept as evidence
against the two defendants.
TO MAKE QUICKER TIME.
Through Trains Will Soon Cease to
jL Run by South San Francisco.
The old tracK of the Southern Pacific
from Baden to San Bruno is being bal
lasted ami generally repaired, and as soon
a* it is in first-class condition, through
trains will run over it instead of making
the !"np detour leading over and around
.San Francisco. The object of this
change is to give a quicker and more
comfortable service to through passen
[rom San Franrisco to San Jose and
other points alon^ the line, and to do
away with the unnecesary time consumed
In the present route taken by the through
trains which run ..y the way of South
San Francisco, when there is no necessity
of. touching there.
The two long sidings at either end of
the roail from fngleslde Junction to Ocean
View are to be run into each other, thus
making a double track for the entire dis
tance between these points, and thereby
greatly Increasing the safety of travel.
The company is also putting in a large
number of Wharton safety switches on
Ban Francisco track, with the
of taking every precaution against
::ts and reducing the probability of
ter to a minimum.
A New Church and State Magazine.
The lirst number 'if a new publication |
entitled "The Pulpit and Social Prob- ;
loms" has come to hand. It is a monthly !
magazine devoted to social and economic
questions, especially in their ethical re
lations, and is under the direction of Rev.
J. E. Scott, managing editor; Dr. D. S.
Jordan. Dr. Minton. Dr. I^loyd, Dr. Ra
der. Dr. Herron. Revs. Moroland, Burn
ham and Hemphill; Professors Brown j
and Ross, and Hon. James Taylor Rogers j
as associate editors. The month's issue
contains many thoughtful papers by
. -rie of the above and others, while news
of the social movement is also supplied.
Between the neat covers. 4 by 12 inches
in size, are some forty pages of matter,
in attractive typographical
f :orm.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENTFREETOMEN
The State Medical Institute Discoverß a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy arc being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It j
ed so many men who had battled for
rs against the mental and physical
Hu!7»>rlng of lost manhood that the lnsti- j
tut« haa decided to distribute free trial i
packages to :tll who write. It is a home J
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting ;
1. '<m youthful folly, premature loss of j
titr<Migth and memory, weak back, varico- ;
or emaciation of parts can now cure j
themselves at home. I
'J ne remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to T.he desired location giving strength
end development Just where it is needed.
It rures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute sue-
. in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank j
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that i
you desire one of their free trial pack- i
Bfjes will be complied with. The institute I
jd- desirous of reaching that great c:ass !
\r men who are unable to leave home to
*c trtated and the free sample will en- i
able them to see how easy it is to be i
cured of sexual weakness when the I
proper remedies arp employed. The In- \
nitiite makes.no restrictions. Any man '
who writes will be sent a free sample, '
carefully sealed In a plain package so I
that Its recipient need have no fear of i
t-niharrassment or publicity. Readers are j
itquested to write without dalay. i
At Ingleside Park the
Favorites Carried
the Day.
Hares Were Fast, the Hounds
Ran Well and Money
Flowed.
Although a Small Crowd Was Pres
ent a Good Day's Sport
Resulted.
The weather yesterday prevented a
large crowd from gathering at the Ingle
side Courßlngr Park, but a good day's
sport was witnessed by those present, as
the hares were unusually strong and the
hounds, although not "top notchers," ran
well. All throughout the day the Ion?
enders won with but one exception — tire
Ball. The racing- for to-day will without
doubt prove exceedingly interesting, and
it is thought some of the hounds which
will be placed on the short end will carry
off the money.
Many new dogs started at the park, but
probably owing to their condition were
not able to make much of a showing.
TeßSle Fair, who had been drawn to #o
against Johnny it, was not on the
grounds, and the latter started against
Van Nip, as did Van Cloie, who had been
drawn with Hercules, who had beea with
drawn on account of injuries.
The fastest course of the day \v.iw oe
tween Patria and Old Glory, and, as
Piitria won the course, it is thought by
many that she will carry off the purse
for her owners to-day. It is generally
thought that I'atria, Occidental, Log
Hi>js.and Moondyne will be within the
money when the results are given by
Judge Grace.
Money was freely played by the few
bettors present. Odds were large on
many events. Moondyne sqld as good as
14 to 1 against Count of Monte Cris»to, but
seemingly the money was not too large
against the Count. Log Boy sold for $10
against Reta at $1, but it is said that
Reta will surprise the talent before long,
as she has not been running for many
weeks past. The judge decided as fol
lows :
Jn the run down Dr. Van Hummers
Van XKla beat P. Carney's Annie Daly:
Deckelman & Fanario's Glen Roy beat
Caro & Loudens Fair Rosalind; J.
Quane's Captain Morse beat J. H. Smith's
Star Ruby; Lowe & Thompson's Victor
beat M. Sullivan's Sir John Arnot; T.
Cronin's Johnny R beat Dr. Van Hum
mers Van Nip: J. Dean's Moondyne beat
Ball & Frank's Count of Monte Cristo:
H. Devine's Gilt Edge beat G. Heuer's
Blue Jay; J. Quane's Princess Marie beat
J. Baddeley's Lady Hopp; Connell r>ros.'
Log Boy beat M. Nealon's Reta: James
MeCorrriick's Rapid beat Caro & Lon
don's Uncle Sam: T. Coone-'s Right Bow
er beat VY. Joyr.er's Cuckoo; D. Leonard's
Bendalong beat F. AVhite's Go Slow; Dr.
Van Hummel's Just Eclipsed beat D.
Hnrrigan's Mountain Hawk; M. Rogers'
Sly Boy beat P. Carney's Nelly Daly;
W Ryan's Swinnerton beat P. O'Con
neil's Valley Star; Lowe & Thompson's
Patria beat Deckelman & Panario s Old
Glory Dr. Van Hummel's Van Needa
beat' F. Brown's Alma; Dr. Van Hum
mel's Van Cloie beat Dr. Van Hummel's
Van Nip in bye; J. McCormiek's Black
Prince beat E. J. Heney's Harkaway; T.
Cronin's Magnet beat J. Murnane'S \ al
ley Maid; M. Michalik's Fireball beat
Lynch & Maher's Dakota: J. McCor
mlck's White Lily beat James Byrnes
Nelly B: P. Tierney's Senorita beat James
The winners to-day are called as fol
lows: Van Xida. Victor. Occidental.
Moondyne. Lop Boy. Right Bower. Bend
along. Bwinnerton. Patria, \an cloie.
Magnet and Senorita.
Following the closing of the run down
a consolation stake for the non-winners
of their first runs was drawn, and re
sulted as follows: Vnelp Sam vs. High
Born Lady; Lady Hoj.p vs Star
Ruby; Mohawk vs. Harkaway: Nelly B
vs Sir John Arnott; Nolly Daly vs. Old
Glory Valley Maid vs. Alma. The win
ners of the first sprints therein should be
High Born Lady. Lady Hupp. Mohawk.
Nelly B, Old Glory. Valley Maid.
The running to-day begins at 11 o'clock.
PROSPECTS OF THE
OCEAN CANAL
Cheering Letter From Captain
Merry, United States
Minister.
Admiral Walker's Survey — Chicago
Engineers Are Making
Estimates.
A private letter received by a well
known resident of this city from Captain
W. L. Merry, United States Minister to
Central American Republics, contains
some interesting intelligence which The
Call is permitted to publish.
Under date of San Jose. Costa Rica.
February 8, IS9S, Captain' Merry writes:
"I do not know when I shall visit Sal
vador and Nicaragua. I find San Jose
a fine little city of 25,000 inhabitants. The
legation has been received with every
mark of respect and esteem; military
bands and 'Hail Columbia" at the official
reception and military band serenades in
the evening.
"There is a railroad here to Port Li
mon. on the Atlantic, 107 miles long, with
heavy grades, through beautiful scenery.
This road throws the trade of Costa Rica
largely into New Orleans and Europe. A
railway Is now being built hence to the
Pacific, also a distance of 107 miles. It
will be completed in about two and a
half years. When this road is opened
California will control the trade of this
Section in flour, canned goods, fruits.
Wines, pickles, mining muchinery and
tinware.
"I am pleased to write that canal pros
pects are improving. The United States
Canal Commission is proceeding vigor
ously with it;; work. Admiral Walker |
hopes to make a preliminary report in j
May next, when the President will send
a special message to Congress with it and
recommend prompt action. Meanwhile
Lyman E. Cooley, civil engineer, the
leading spirit of the Chicago Drainage
Canal, with fourteen engineers and con
tractors, who have been with him on
that work, and also a geologist and bota
nist, are making a careful examination
on private account and will make a bid
for the construction to the company.
"I have known Mr. Cooley for some
years. He is cautious, conservative and
the greatest living expert on canal con
struction. I shall have great confidence
in h!s report and cost estimate, which will
probably be smaller than that of the
United States Commission, being based
on a commercial status, while you know
Government engineers always estimate
and build on the same lines as a young
man with a rich father. But a few" mill
ions more or less will make no difference
with the American people who need the
canal and can afford to pay an honest
price for it."
F. Marion Crawford Coming.
F. Marion Crawford, the celebrated
author, has arranged to deliver a series
of lectures at the California Theater, be
pinnlng Monday evening, -/larch 28.
The subject of the first lecture will be
"Leo XIII in the Vatican.
The second lecture on Tuesday night I
will be "The Original Mr. Isaac's Early
Newspaper Experiences In India," and
the third lecture on Wednesday after
noon, "Italian Home Life in the Middle
Ages."
Mr. Crawford is conceded to hold tho
foremost place among American nov"|
ists, not only in the brilliance of his ¥0i
but in his wide popularity with cultivated
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 189 S.
A VERY CAUSTIC CRITIC
One Actor Who Dislikes the Way Theaters
Are Managed.
COMEDIAN JOSEPH HOLLAND.
Joseph Holland, the well-known com
edian, has now been a star for three
seasons, and, says Manager Bradley of
the "Mysterious Mr. Bugle" Companr,
"he has had frequent cause like many
another to deplore the ultra commer
cial element that has got control of the
theatrical profession in this country.
When he belonged to the rank and file
his interest was limited to the duties
demanded by his contract. But with
success came ambition, and with ambi
tion the desire to cut a path for him
self, and then he discovered the obsta
cles presented in the persons of the so
called managers of theaters."
"I want to have a theater," says
Holland, "that shall be dominated by
the stage, and not by the box-office.
How can we hope to have an American
drama while the manager of the thea
ter refuses to exploit new plays, and
continues to wait for the results of for
eign productions, or. failing that, to re
sc-rt to revivals of time-worn suc
cesses, or else to pander to the lowest
tastes of the mob.
"The ignorance of these men concern
ing the institution, of which by force
of circumstances they are the control
ling spirit, is to the actor that supports
them both degrading and humiliating.
They neither know nor care anything
about what transpires back of the foot
lights. Every play to them is a 'show'
which they describe as 'rotten 1 or
•great,' according to the number of
dollars they can % count in their coffers.
"As an instance, when the great Ital
ian actress Duse first came to America
the public wag not very responsive at
first with its patronage, and I heard a
gentleman ask of the manager (?) in
front of the house where she was play
ing and what he thought of her. 'N.
G,' he replied. 'She doesn't draw her
salt.' Later on Duse's reputation
spread, and the public was nocking: to
see her in droves, and, seeing the same
Individual, I asked him myself what
CORONER'S INQUESTS.
Market-Street Railway Company Ex
onerated — Walter Orr's Missing
Purse and Money.
Coroner Hawkins had a field day yes
terday in the matter of inquests, and
cleaned up all the Morgue cases on hand.
In the matter of the death of Customs
Inspector Henry Simpson, who was killed
by the fall of a warehouse door on the
Mail dock on March 2, the jury returned
a verdict that death was the result of an
accident "due to the careless piling .of
sacks of rice on the O. and O. dock and
the insecure fastenings of the door be
hind which said sacks were piled."
The verdict caused surprise, because
the testimony was to the effect that the
sacks had been piled in the most careful
and systematic manner.
The verdict in the case of Walter W.
Orr, who was asphyxiated in the resi
dence of Mrs. Nellie Comstock at 411
Lyon street Friday night of last week,
was to the effect that death had been
ciused by carbon monoxide poison by in
haling illuminating gas accidentally. Mrs.
Comstock swore that her husband was at
sea and that the deceased was a frequent
visitor to her house and slept there on
the nights of Christmas and New Year's.
On the night of his death Orr bade them
good by at half-past 9 o'clock and the
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
irf W J FILLED CROWNED EXTRACTED \^£^B
m ml . . . WITHOUT F»f\IIS . . . W* W
/ ELECTRICITY AS EMPLOYEDBY US PREVENTS \
/ pain, saves you time and expense. ■ Our prices ' are ' half N»
: O^V those charged by other first-class dentists. _ .'; O><O
\ Gold Fillinga from 75c /
B^^»«3s3\ - v "° Cleaning Teeth when j>late3 are from r.Oc / H?sMG3i
/MBft3k\ Plates, warranted to fit from $4 "0 ■02JS9
UJB JB\ - SJo e h a rK e for extraction when plate 3 are ordered. / I H
WssyejsL 1 We Will Give $500 If We Cannot Extract Your / JBtoH|
Wn) Teeth Without Pain. W W
jngL Wlf *"/*prman. French and Swedish spoken. \ M^ '* W
Sf^ ml Lady attendants. TFLEPHOXE, MINT 1354. \
w ALL WORK WARRANTED. V
METROPOLITAN^DENML PARLORS, '
Opposite Pholan Monument.
. ..... ,V. 927-MARKET ST.— 'Gt^'7 ■. _.-.;■ y \ .. v ' ; p > -;.. .-;; ;.
T. S. HIGGINS. D.D.S.
t
he thought of the celebrated actress.
He said: 'Great, my boy; she's play
ing to standing room only.'
" 'Well, but whuh of her roles do you
think her best?'
" 'Me? Me listen to that Dago talk?
Why I haven't seen her. Life's too
short.'
"Of course this manager was taking
no risks, he was renting his house as
he would in any case where an ex
periment was to be tried, and so long
as the rent was forthcoming it would
not matter to him whether it was Duse,
John L. Sullivan or a cock fight.
"No, it is all wrong. For once anyway
the English Idea is far superior to ours.
The actor-manager as he is known in
England is the only h.>pe of the stage
in America. The policy that exists here
to-day is fast bringing the theater in
disrepute. The best ■ vidence of this
lies in the fact that th< m.inasrers are
being compelled to cheapen their wares.
Where a few years ago th-re was a
large number of high-priced theaters
which catered to cultured audk-nces, to
day these same places of amusement
are being turned into bargain counters
by the catch-penny devices of the
theatrical janitor."
All this may be put down as unwar
ranted pessimism on Holland's part,
but the same result, if carried out on
similar lines, will follow not only with
fhe stage, but with any other of the
liberal professions. No great novelist
will arise while sensational muck-vend
ors are paid by literary traders the
prices they are at present. There can
be no great cartoonist in the days of
the "yellow kid." The Danas, Augustus
Salas, Watterscns, et al. must take a
back seat and wait till the motley
pageant of yellow journalism has passed,
and medical science will be confined to
the academy until the quacks have had
their day. Let the game go the pace,
the faster the better, and then the
sooner will the people feel the need of
feeding the god as well as the beast
that is in them.
witness and her friend. Miss Minnie Cool.
retired at "i minutes aftf>r 10 o'clock,
Latching the front door before doing so.
Both women swore that th< ; y had not the
slightest idea that Orr had returned to
the house until the gentleman occupying
the lower flat awoke them at half-past 6
o'clock on Saturday morning and in
formed their, that the gas was escaping.
Fred T. Orr, brother of the deceased,
swore that the dead man had $22 in his
possession on the day preceding his
death. He always carried a purse, but
When the body was searched the purse
and money and a pair of gold sleeve but
tons were missing.
In the case of Michael cvnrien, who
ruptured his stomach by .lumping off the
back of a cable car while the car was in
motion, the jury returned a verdict that
the death was accidental, "due to his
own carelessness, and we exonerate all
persons from blame."
Sues for a Small Fortune.
Kate C. Byrne filed suit yesterday
against Attorney W. H. H. Hart to re
cover 180,900. The complaint alleges that
the defendant entered into a written
agreement with her by which he agreed
to pay her one-twenty-ttfth of the sum
he received from Florence Blythe Hinck
ley, as her attorney during the litigation
over the millions of Thomas H. Blythc.
Mrs. Byrne alleges that Hart has re
ceived his fee and she is now entitled to
the amount due her under the agree
ment.
DR. KENYON
PROTESTED
A Body Was Embalmed
Before It Was
Cold.
Suspicious Circumstances At
tending the Death of Wil
mot F. Bailey.
Undertakers Blamed for Destroying
Evidence by Too Much Haste in
Performing Their Duties.
The practice indulged in by some un
dertakers ol embalming bodies be
fore the attending physician has had an
opportunity of examining them and al
most before the bodies have had time to
get cold received what is hoped to be a
check yesterday by the action of Dr.
Kenyon, who had been In attendance on
Wilmot F. Baney, a carpenter, at 153
Tehama street.
Bailey had been drinking heavily, and
was taken sick on the 4th of the present
month. Dr. Kenyon was called in, and
he saw at once that what was thought
by Bailey's friends to be. a case of alco
hohsm had developed into a case of pneu
monia. The patient was otherwise a
strong and healthy man, but it waa evi
dent that the disease was of the most
violent type and that there was litttle
hope for recovery. A few days after
Bailey had been taken sick Dr. Kenyon
received an anonymous letter, intimating
that Bailey might have been poisoned at
the instigation of certain persons inter
ested ii\ his estate.
The doctor paid no attention to the
note, because there was not the slightest
indication of poison about the case.
Bailey died last Friday morning, and
when the doctor made his appearance an
hour or two afterward he found that un
dertaker Gray had embalmed the body
without permission of anybody except the
family of the dead man. I'nder the cir
cumstances, he refused to sign the death
certificate, and the body was therefore
taken to the Morgue yesterday afternoon.
An autopsy wae held by Autopsy Surgeon
Gallagher and Dr. Kenyon. and they
found that pneumonia hud been the cause
of death, the lungs having been compact
ed solidly. There were no symptoms of
poisoning.
Dr. Kenyon said uiat there should ue a
prohibitory law against the practice of
embalming bodies before the attending
physician or some member of the Board
of Health has had an opportunity of in
specung the body, and in case of doubt
to hold an autopsy. Even in the absence
of such a law, he thinks that it is illegal
for an undertaker to embalm a body be
fore the death certificate has been signed.
The anonymous letter he believes to be
due to the fact that the deceased and
some of his brothers were lift an estate
some years ago, valued at $10,000, and that
he married a widow with two children by
a former husband, wherefore family
jealousy sprang up and caused bad feel
ings between the new comer and the rest
of the family.
A Fight for Captaincy.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
held an interesting election of officers for
the ensuing year last Friday evening. The
principal interest was centered in the
Belectlon of the captain, the cantHuates
being Captain John Bolts and Louis
Haake and several hundred dollars
changed hands on the result of the vot
ing. Those elected were the following:
] President. Richard Finking: vlce-presl
! dent, William Garms; corresponding sec
retary, K. Werthelmer; financial secre
tary. A. Bahrs; toastmaster. Henry Kos
ter; committee of arrangements. H. F.
Maas, F. Hagemann, A. Browning; cap
tain, John F. Bolts; first lieutenant, John
Thode: second lieutenant, Henry Stelling;
third lieutenant. E. Ipsen: fourth lieuten
i ant. D. Sa hi field; field marshal, R. Ger
' how: corporal. Henry Prien; color bear
> ers, John Lankenau, William C. Morken;
! shooting masters, O. Lemke. E. Goetze.
Address by C. H. Yatman.
The mass meeting at the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium. Mason
and Ellis streets, to-day at 3 o'clock, will
be addressed by C. 11. Yatman. evange
list, on the subject of "Impurity." Of
Bpecial interest to all young men. Ser
vice commences promptly at 3 o'clock.
The Knickerbocker Male Quartet will
fintx. This meeting for men only.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
,If It's n, Cold!
La Grippe is a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."
Influenza is a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."-
Sore Throat is a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."
Bronchitis is a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."
A Cough is a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."
Laryngitis is a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."
Pleurisy is a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."
At druKgists or sent prepaid on receipt of
ifrice, 25c, 50c or $1. . .
Ask for Dr. Humphreys' Specific Manual of
all diseases at your Druggist's or Mailed free.
.Humphreys' Medicine' Company. New York.
o 000000 00 000 00 0 000
%r"?% r "? PALACE A "°l
% GRAND hotels o
Jl SAN FRANCISCO. Q
** ■ Connected by a covered passasfe way. j*
P 1400 Rooms. 900 Kith Bath Attached. ©
© All Under ' One ; Management. i O
Q ;-. - NOTE THE PRICES: : ©
©European Plan. Sl.'OO per day and upward rt
w American P1an. »3.00 per day and upward W
© . . Correspondence Solicited. : .Q
q: t JOHN C. KIRKPATRIOK, Manager .q
000 0000 oo 0000 00 0 o
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTiI PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• : Via Sausalito Forry.
From San j Francisco, CommenciQK ■ September
- ' ' 19, ISj4. . ' f,; ■
• • WEEK DAYS. . t: - ; Vs;!
For Mill Valley and San . Rafael— »7:2S. •9:39.
11 -30 <*.'< m.: -1:45. . 3:45, "5:15, 6:00. . 6:30 p. m. .
Extra •"; trips , for v .San ~ Rafael on Mondays.
-. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■ .
.-. ; - .- SUNDAYS. :---- -'- ■<-~~~.^J--
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •10.00,
•11-30 a. m.; 3:00. -4:30, 6:15 p. m. .
• Trains marked* run to San Quentln.
; Jl,™'.-.,J 1 ,™'.-.,  THROUGH TRAINS. , -r
•IV* a "m.s week days for Caxadero and way sta-
j ' t ion's • 1:45 p. m. Saturdays mixed ■ train) for
Dunc'in s MIHb and way ? Btatfons; ■ 8:00 : a. m.
Bundt is for Point Reyes aad way •tatlooa. ■ |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney and Uric i^cid Troubles Quickly Cured.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of the Great Discovery,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Sent Free by Mail
Men and women doctor their troubles j
so often without benefit that they get :
discouraged and skeptical. In most
such cases serious mistakes are made
la doctoring and in not knowing what
our trouble is or what makes us skk.
The unmistakable evidences of kidney
trouble are pain or dull ache in the \
back, too frequent desire to pass water, !
scanty supply, smarting irritation. As j
kidney disease advances the face looks
sallow or pale, puffs or dark circles ':
under the eyes, the feet swell and
sometimes the heart acts badly. Should i
further evidence be needed to find out .
the cause of sickness, then se* urine '
aside for twenty-four hours; if there |
is a sediment or settling it is also con- !
vincing proof that our kidneys and .
bladder need doctoring. A fact often
overlooked is that women suffer as
much from kidney and bladder trouble
as men do.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is the dls- '
covery of the eminent physician and
Scientist and is not recommended for '
everything, but will be found Just what j
is needed In cases of kidney and blad-
aa»»a»«a»a»a3aa»aftcw»»paa«aa»aaaoa««»g
1 SPEAKING OF CURES!
a Rupture Cured in Two l^^M^mf He Feels Like a Boy of »
g Months. Fifteen.
« - .- »:
0 . Occidental. Calif.. ':■"
£ .. Feb. 28th.. 189 S.
w DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentle-
C*^ men: I wish to inform you that the Truss
ft which I purchased at your office the 6th '
ft of last December CURED me of Rupture !
Jo> In TWO MONTHS. I am over sixty years
w of age.
Z. There Is no mistake about the fact that 1
ft your celebrated Magnetic Elastic Trusa
O will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I
CD heartily recommend It to all ruptured per- ;
ft sons. Yours sincerely. CS. COLLINS.
& If ruptured, call or send 3c In stamps for <
w our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted
£* at office without extra . charge. Address
ft MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
ft nOA MARKET STREET, Opposite
Z, OJJU Palace Hotel,. . San Francisco, |
ft Or 33 and 36 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye.. •
O BEATTLE.
gaffsttaftftftftftftftftftftftft*
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street,
Strictly Eeliable— Established 18 Tears.
THE ONLY SPECIALISTS
On the Pacific Coast Treating Diseases of
Men Only.
We positively guarantee to cure Varicocele,
Piles and Rupture In one week. Any form of
Weakness in six weeks. Blood Taints, Stric-
ture and Acute and Chronic Discharges a spe-
cialty. To show our good faith
We will not ask for a dollar
until we cure you.
If you cannot call at the offlce in person send
for "the GREATEST BOOK EVER PUB-
LISHED FOR MEN and SYMPTOM BLANK,
which will be sent you sealed FREE.
DR. mEYERS & CO,,
Specialists for Men of the
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 MARKET STREET. ;«
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays. 9-11.
BATLB.OAD . TBAVEL.
SIN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market 6t.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAIVAEI*.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:80, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m. ~-' '";■' ".' . ' .
6UNDAYS— S:OO, 8:10, 11:00 a. m.: 1:». S:Uk
6:00, 6:20 p. m. - ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
J2:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip*
at 1:55 and 6:85 p. m.
6UNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. .11:10 a. m.: 1:40. *:«•.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. -. - - r-'
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
*ame schedule as above. " ■ ' '
fan Francisco. in pffec* j P»" Arrive
Ean Francisco. <>t2V gan Francisco.
Week | Svin- j noßtinatlon ' . un " •).. Wee
Days. I days- "eetinaUon. dayß | day9-
7:80a.m. 8:00 a.m. . 'Novato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. 9:80 a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
510 p.m. '5:00 p.m. Sanla Rosa. 7:83 p.m. 6 :22 p.m.
7:BUp.m. I . Pulton, ..
' . Windsor. I 10:25 a.m.
T SJO.i.m. ' * Healdaburj, ■ i ..
' • Lytton, ...-■■■'. ■• • ■ ' ' ;
Gpyßervllle,
S:nOa.tn. i Cloverdale. ! 7:Ssp.m. | fi:22n.m.
- r IHopland ancU' ' .■ '.
7 :30a.m. 1 8 00a.m.! Uklah. | 7:89 p.m. 6 :22 p. m.
7:30 a.m. ! '. - ■■: ; 10:25 a.m.
S :00a.m. I Guernevllle 'T.-JSp.m. < '. ! s
8:80 p.m. ■.: " I [ ' C:22p.m.
7:«oa.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 1 10:40 a.m. j 8:40 a.m.
.- and '
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glon Ellen. | 6:10 p.m.' 6:22 p.m.
7 :30a.m. 1 8:00a.m.} sebastpijol. |W:*°an»..]lo:2sa.m.
3:Sop.m.|sK)op.m.l eoa3^P° 1 " , 1:35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West j
Fprlngs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale i for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland . Springs. Kelseyville. Soda • Bay.-
Lakeport : and Bartlett Springs;. at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue ' Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, - Upper ' Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
neirs, Sanhedrin Heights. Hull ville. Boon villa.
Orr"s Hot Springs. Mendoclno t City, Fort
Brac(t Westport, Usal. ' -..,■-•
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re--
On d Sundays round-trip tickets to all -. points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 66o Market street. Chronld* ;
A! FOST R. '■■ \: P- X RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Mans(t«r. Gen. Pass.. Asrt. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY CIiMPANY. ;
From .September. 10, ; 18«. r trains will ma. aa
"follows: '-...... . ; ; .- ■ : :.. - -■'- '■■.- ■ ''"',',]
". Southbound. ''" '. ; | - Northbound. ,J:
"PaTsen- . Mixed Statlona ; | -Mixed ;y Passe* !
ger^ ' Sunday SU4Hona :i Sunday I" »rer '
,-- Dally. ■■ ~ Exc'p'td - '■ ' ' ' Exc'p'td Dally J
720 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton " 3:45 p.m. 7 ; 5:40 p.nx »
8:10 a-m. 12:50 p.m. Mercod '12:60 p.m. .'!:;>> p.m.
10:40 a.m.' -3:50 p.m. Fresno J:!JO a.m.* . 2:20 p.tu 1
11 a.m. 5:20 p.m.' Hanford . :45 a.m. 1:15 p.m"
12:15 p.m. 1>:45 p.m.-, Vlsalla „• 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m ;
; Stoppinv at latermediatopo ints when reqmrei-;
'.:" Connections— At Stockton with pteamhoats''.'ot '
C. ■ N. -? &'I. \ Co.. leaving San : Francisco : and s
Btockton ?at■• 6 p. ' m. dally:' at Merced with
stages" to and- from Snellings, CoultervtU*,' etc";
also with stage for ' Hornltos, : Marlposa, etc.; .
at Lankerabim with stßge to and from Mader*.
der disorders or troubles due to uric
acid and weak kidneys, such as catarrh
of the bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble. It corrects in-
ability to hold urine and smarting in
passing it, and promptly overcomes
that unpleasant necessity of being
compelled to get up many times during
the night.
The mild nnd the extraordinary effect
of this great remedy is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures. Sold by druggists, price fifty
cents and one dollar. So universally
successful is Swamp-Root In quickly
curing even the most distressing cases,
that to Prove its wonderful merit you
may have a sample bottle and a book
of valuable information, both sent ab-
solutely free by mail, upon receipt of
three two-cent stamps to cover cost of
postage on the bottle. Mention the San
Francisco Sunday Call and send your
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton, N. Y. This generous offer ap-
pearing in this paper is a guarantee
of genuineness. _
WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell £
Station. Sonoma County, writes £j
as follows:' . .• ' z\
"I cannot refrain from saying that I con- *-*
sider your 'Galvanic Chain Belt' to be one Q
of the greatest , inventions on earth, -for it v^-
has given me such LIFE AND VIGOR M
that I feel as young and spry as a boy of ££
fifteen years of age. Without your Belt I '
felt weak and without energy; but with V
your Belt and Suspensory on I am one o( ££
the most active, vigorous and happy men ™
you will be able to, meet anywhere. Your 43
Belt Is certainly a wonderful Invention, v«
and if others only knew as much about it >*
as I do, no man or woman in i the State of <0>
California would be without it for a single w
day." • •'• •■■■■• -V
For full particulars of Dr.Plerce's Patent £(
Electric Belt call or send stamp for our ._
new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." Ad- fjt
dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market w
st.San Francisco, or-33 and :36 Sullivan • **
Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. &
>Cf«» O » & » ■» »& -O 3ig '&■ &« »
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
■ODTUISBX rAtiwc coMPAmr.
(PACIFIO SYSTEM.)
Trnlna Icbtc uii'd nrr «Imo to nrrlv* at
KAS MtANOISCO. .
•- (Main Line, Foot cf Market Street.) *■-•
Lkavb — " FROM JAKPARY L 1898. — ARBrv
"^6-OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •*:4."» a
T:OOa Benlcia, Snisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:©oa. MarysTille, OroTllle and Redding Tia
Woodland Os-J*!
7:OOa Vacavil'.o and Euncsey 8:4
' 7:30 a Martinez, San Itamon. Valiejo. _
Caliitoga and Santa Rosa ..... f :1 '' r
Biooa Atlanti Express, Oplcn and Kagt.. S:43*
J«!;|0a Nlles,' . San .lose. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento,- Marjsville, Cnioo,
Teham»ai:dße.l lUuff.. ........ 4ilSp
•S:3Oa Petera, Milton andOakdale.. »7»S»p
OiUUa New Orleans Jjrpreun, Mercod, Ray*
mocd, Ji'reßtus Bakersileld, SanU
Jiailiaru, I.QB Angeles, ' Deming.
- El l'aso, ' New Orleans and East. «t43p
9:00 i Vallejo, Martinez. Merced atid • -' ■ ' - '
Fresno..... 12i15p
•I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steaniem •H:O«p
1:001- Niles, San Joso and Way Stations.. :»il3a
Isaop Martirez and Way Statlona 7 r-J5 p
8:«M>1» livermore, Mendota. Uanford and ■
Vi8a1ia............... .4:13?
....... Urersaore, San Jose, Nilea and way •
Stations t* oJ ! *^
4:« Op Martinet, San Uainon. Vallejo. - ..
" Napa, Oaliatoga, 131 Venuio and , .
Santa Rosa .' ••!**
4i«*r Beaicia, VacaTiUe, Woodland, 
x Knieuts Landing, MarystiHe, Oro-
v - Tillo ttiidBucr»niento 1O:48a
4tSOp Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton  7ilsp
4i3Op Lathrop, Modesto, Mcrcsd, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojavo (for Randsbnrg),
Sauta Uarbara and \*m Angeles.. 7i«»
4j»Op Santa Fo Jtcnte, Atlantic Kunrees
forMoj»TO mid lUwt «i43p
«15:30p " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, 21
Paao, Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louie, Chicago and East 810:15*
IT3I3UP " Sunset limited Annex," El Paao,
TStnr Orleans and East... |10:I5a
6:OOr Ruropean Mall, Oe«1«i and Ka»t.... 0:4».\
' •sOOp I]aywaril»- Nilrsaud tiau.Toae 7:43 a
J»:O«r Va11ej0..... 17:4Sf
8:00 i> Oregon Hipress, Sacmnieuto, Murya-
. vlllo. BaMlog, rortlsuid, l'ueet
aoimilaiid K:tst 8;15a
'- SA.> LEASDUO A.M> UAIWAItUK LU4JAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
r»6rt>oTT" ~ ~ ( R|W
8:0« a Melrose, Semliiary P«rk, *!2 : i'-i
iHSa Fltcliburg.Elmhurst, \Xsfi*
<11:OOa gan I<eandro, South Saa. I 'f-\ :
U2>O4>ii LtaiMlro, Kstndlllo, llli'.l
ibVob'r Lorenzo^ CberrXi S 'I ! "J3 P
4:00p , <5:43p
6:« OP I • nd «*ls*
8:30p Htjwards. i ! |^
7:OUp < St4-1p
. 8:00p *-RnnskhrougbtoNnes. f ™.\?,l
COAST IUVIsION (Narrow Uauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
■»i«A Nevark.Ceiitenillc.Haii Jose.Felton,
BonldcrCreek.BaiiUCnizandWay
BtaUons.. ...-• »«■•*
•Silßp Newark, OejitertUle. San Jose, New
Aluiaden, Fclton, ISoaldcr Creek, '
Sauta Crux -and Principal Way
Stations.. *S : 2s*
4:1»P Newark, Kan Joeo and Los Gato« ... 8:SOa
fll^Spllnntcrß' Eicurßion. Sao Jose and
Way Btotiong ..................... 17i20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tnm SIN FRiKCISCO— sf Mtrket Street (Slip 8)— _
•7:16 9:00 11:0Oa.u. J1:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 .■"• t5:00 '■'.. •6:00 p.M.
Prom OAIUND— Foot of Broadwsj.—'CKW 8:00 10:00
tl2:00 *l:00 t3:00 ■ *3:00 tl:QO »3:00fJ1.
COAST IM VISION (Broad (lauge).
(Third and Townsend St 3.) .
«t»3A Sau Jobo nn.l Wuy Stations (New ;
Alinadrn Wednesdays unly) •«»*,
9:OOa San l<w., Trcs Tinos. Hiuita Onis.
. Pacillc Grore, Paso IJoblcs, - feaii
I.uls Olilspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Priuoij*l Way StoUons .S S J2*
IO:4OA8au .'osc and Way Stations 252?2 S 2?
I»::iOA San Jose and Way Stations ...... 8:33 a
■S:»Ot>San Mat/'o, Redwood. Mculo Park,
Santa Clara, Ban .lose, Gllroy,
Hoir.ater. Banta Cnw, galiuas. .
Monterey wul racllic<3roTO...... i:! s *"*
•3:lspSan.logeaiidl'rincip3l Waj Stations *!»:(M>a
•4119r San Jose and Principal Way Stations »j43a
•3tOOp SanJoso and Principal Vr ay Stations Is.*":
5:SOi- San Jose and rrincipalWfcySUUous «* : £U*
6:SOr San Joac ami U":iy Stations i.,?.'
<11:45r San Jogcand Way Stations.-. '""",
A for Morning. PrP '<> r Aftemi>on. ■
•Sundaviiexcepted. Sundays only. 1 Saturdays oclj.
fj Monday, Thursday and Saturday uighU oalj.
5 Mondays and Thnrsdajs.
_ f Wednesdays and Saturdays. _V
11l HH.IH ,|j CALIFORNIA
Sg^^pflf' LIMITED.
l^n^ffffirli&ll SAN FRANCISCO
jMliVit^l^ji CHICAGO.
. Leaves ; Sari Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class pasaengers only, but with,
out extra charge. '• . ■ :
DINING CAR, .; ,
> BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawinp-Room Sleepers.. .
2% days to Chicago. 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
; Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m.. carrying . FuUmaa
■ Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars oa
1 fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
1 Kansas City for all Kastern points.--. ■ -■
Trains arrive and depart from : Market-street
Ferry- s San . Francisco ticket of flee. 644 Market
ttreet,- Chronicle '. bulldlnjt. Telephone ■ Mala
1620. ' Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra- ;
' mentt/ office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West -•
banta Clara street. ■-•..."•;. ■■•■.■'•■" .."..'_
MOUNT TAMALPAIS scenic railway
, ■ ;.' '" ' (Via Sausallto Ferry). ."„ • .'".
j ~ Leave . San f. Francisco, : commenclns : Novero- ■
ber 13. 1597: v . :.: : ■,■::■: ■■■ :, .' :-y , 1
: Week Days— 9:39 a. m., 1:45 p. m. .
'■: Sundays— B:oo,~ 10:00. 11:30 a. \m... 1:15 p..'au .
»', Round trip from Mill Valley. fL^ntfaßaaMßj
'•:. :' THO!l. COOK : & SON. Aeenta. • til Hark.il -.
' '. street" San \ Francisco. ;,; J
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« .San Fmnel»co
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin Btreet; open 1 until 8:30 o'clock.
IMI Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2326 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
1505,P01k street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHI RCH Mtl'lUiS.
FIRST Church ct Christ. Scientist. Central
bl.rk 2_ Gutter St., t-cl Keainy and Grant
are - Al U a in.. Christian Science bible
lessons; subject, "The Parable of the Wheat
and Tares." Sunday school for children at
ihe same hour. "Science and Health" study
Thursday at S p. m. All are welcome.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, cor.
Twenty-first- and Capp sts.— Rev. J. N.
Beard D.D.. pastor. Morning service at 11
O'clock. Sermon by the pastor. Sunday
1 at 12:4o p. m. Class and consecration
: eetinc at 8:16 p. m. Evening service. ::■<!.
until April 1, thereafter. 7:45. Beginning
Sui daj at 7:80 p m., will be a series ol ser-
mons on "The Christian Life." as follows:
vth." "Purity," "Prayer," "Bible
Study," "Reading, " "Amusements." "Benon-
• and "Service." All welcome. S*ats
free.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st., bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Class
meeting at S:3O a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Morn-
ing sermon at 11; subject, "Miracles— Not In-
credible, Not Against Natural Law. Sunday
school, 1 p. m. ; Rolla V. Watt, superintend-
ent. Christian Endeavor Society. 6:16 p. m.
Evening sermon, 7:30; subject, Don t
Worry." This is a people's church. Seats all
free Everybody invited. Music led by
Chorus Choir; J. J. Morris, leader. Midweek
prayer service Wednesday, 7:30 p. m. A mis-
sionary mass meeting on Monday evening, to
he addressed by Dr. and Mrs. S. L. Baldwin.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.,
Rev John Stephens, pastor, residence, 309
Haight st. -Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m Mrs Pr. Baldwin will deliver an address
on the "Orient" at 11 a. ni. and the pastor i
will preach at 7:30 p. m.. subject, "The Hero :
•Of. the Gospel Story." Sunday-school at !-':.«)
' m c B Perkins, superintendent. Ep- i
worth League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer- (
meeting. Wednesday evening at 7:45 p. m. j
The public cordially invited to all the ser-
vices of this church. Seats free. Ushers in
.. . httendanco. ______! -
jregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sis— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor will preach morning and evening.
Morning service. 11 a. m.: theme, "The Light !
G World." Evening service, 7.30 p. m. ;
■ -theme "Brave Men." Sunday school and Bi-
Ite classes at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:30
p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and choir [
gter.
MOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m..
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. B. cherington. D. D., pastor, will
preach morning and evening; morning sub-
ject. "N.-. ess i ties of Home Missionary
Work"; evening subject, "St. Patrick— Manly
Man and Genuine Saint." The public cor-
dially invi'ed.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner c.eary
i sts.— Rev. John Hemphill, D.D..
- I it U *. BL and 7:30 p. m.
-Music, moraine. "Te D«*um" (Festival), Wil- ,
. offert ry. "1 Will Magnify
In, solo and quartet. Music, j
evening, an;. ■ .v. '"Send out Thy Light" j
,-;c>i:: O Lord. 1 Come" (Bra- :
• p. is Serenade), I Ml rd, soprano solo and I
ijuartet. All are made welcome.
HAMILTON SQUARE Baptist church, corner
Post and Steiner sts. — W. C. Jenkins, acting
paster. Morning subject, "The Parable of the ;
Tares ": evening subject, "Is the World Grow- j
ing Worse? " You are cordially invited.
BTRANGER8 1 Sabbath Home. Howard-st.
Methodict Episcopal Church, 643 Howard St., I
bet. Second and Third, two blocks from Pal- [
ace Hotel— Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.. j
rastor. Preaching at 11 a. in. and 7:30 p. m. ;
by Rev. Clarence True Wilson, Ph.D., the
eloquent young son of the pastor. Morning
subject. "The Witness of the Spirit"; even- i
ing subject, "The Pre-eminence of Christ." ;
Special music by chorus. Boys' Brigade,
cs 1 Choral and Antiphonal Choirs. Sab-
bath school. Normal and Bible classes at 12:30
— •' p. m. Great Epworth League rally at 6:15
p. m. Week night services— Monday, Pro-
fessor Schultz Choral Society, Instruction
free; Tuesday, Pentecostal and Probationers'
classes; Wednesday, midweek prayer, praise i
and salvation service and reception to Dr. !
Wilson, the pastor; Thursday, reception to
strangers; Friday. Boyp' Brigade Bible class
and drill. Companies F and G. All are al- i
w»;? welcome at all times. Seats free.
FRIENDS' Meeting— A meetin? of The Friends
(called Quakers) Is held nn first day (Sunday)
of each week at 11 o'clock at lecture room
f Y. M C. A. Hall, corner Mason and Ellis
. Sabbath school or Bible class at same
place at 12:30 o'clock. Friends' Union school
for children at Sunshine Hall. 934 Harrison
?t., between Fifth, and Sixth, at 3 p. m.
each Sunday. Mothers' meetings at same
jlare on Wednesday afternoon at 3 p. m.
Eliza Varney. of Bloomfleld, Canada, a trav-
eling minister among Friends, will attend
Third Congregational Church, Fifteenth St..
near Valencia, this Sabbath evening. 13th
inst.. at 7:30 o'clock. To all of these services
the public is invited.
THK Fin=t Divine Science Church of San
Francisco— M. E. Cramer, pastor. Subject.
"The Flesh Proflteth Nothing." Services in
Yosemite Hall. N. S. G. W. building. Mason
st, b.-twf-en Geary and Post. 11 a. m. Bible
o!fiss and Sunday school. 12:30 p. m.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
.-up.— Special mass meeting this (Sunday)
afternoon. 3 o'clock, for men only. Address
by Evangelist C. H. Yatman on "Impurity."'
Music by the Knickerbocker Quartet. All
young men welcome.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
se tarian) has for one of Its objects: "To
help men and women to realize the nobility
(if their calling arvl their true poHitlon in
life." Meetings every Saturday night at 8
o'clock, at Sir- Market st.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge of Universal Brother-
hood. 819 Market St.— Lecture to-night, "Be-
liefs and Knowledge." by Mrs. S. A. Harris.
Subject Tuesday night, "Death."
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Free public lecture
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock, in Fra-
ternal Hall. Odd Fellows' building. Market
and Seventh sts. To-night, "The Ten Com-
mandments of Buddhism Compared With the
Decalogue." by Mr. Will C. Bailey. Good
music: seats free. Subject Wednesday, "Man
Higher Bodlfs."
SI'NDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists. El Dorado
. Hall, Alcazar building. O'Farrell st., Sunday
March 13. Song service, 7:30. Mrs. M. E.
Cadwallader. of Philadelphia, just returned
from Europe, will deliver the address. Sub-
ject, "Who Are the Spiritualists and What I
. Saw and Learned or Them in the Old
Wr.rld?" Mr. and Mrs. Lillle. of Boston, will
alsc take part. Admission 10c.
PR. M. . lIUEHLENBRUCH'S spiritual te«t
. meeting to-night; questions answertvl psy-
chometric readings. lll.Larkln St., lower hall ;
office. Brunswick Hotel, Oakland; test cir-
cle every Tueeday evng., 25c; sittings daily.
METROPOLITAN Temple to-night; Dr. Coon-
ley's great expose of spiritualistic manifest- . i
at ions: every method shown; 10c, 20c. *0c; i
Hamilton Hall, Oakland, Monday night.
WONDERFUL ballot test given to-night at j
Foresters' Hall, 20 Eddy St., near Tivoll, S
O'clock sharp. Prof. Gee and Prof. Fisher, "
the renowned mesmeric medium; 10c.
'i'i-.-'T developing '-ircle. 2 p. m.; 8 p. m.. test
ting, 10c. 335 McAllister. Stltt, Nlta. Gll-
■ lirighum, Meakln. Hargrave, Hanson, others.
AT Dr. Rlnets' spiritual society, 909 Mirket St.;
free: 2-S p. m., 10c: Mrs. Scaly, Gilllngham.
T>r. Cnrj)-n*pr, others, 2<ll Arlington st.
MME. MONTAGUE, who has been 111 with
the grippe. Is now convalescent and will re-
eunie public duties In a few days.
OAKLAND rsychleal Boctetjr, Fraternal Hall,
Washington st.; 7:30 p. m. ; Jecture by Prof. '
i.^.VflanJ.
TESTS, 897 Market St.. o-nlght. Mrs. Wrenn !
and Robinson, Prof. Fisher; admission free.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circJe to-
rilght: 10c. CV. McAllister st.; fine music.
:.ms. HEXDIK. ROGERS' • lnsplrmlonal test i
meeting to-night, SOc. 122 Taylor St.. - ;
JOHN SLATER, grand te« seance to-night at
B. Hall. 909 Market st. : admission 10c.
C. v. MILLBR'S etherealizlnc materlaTiTing
Bennce, 8 p. m., 50e. M 9 Leavenworth st.
AT ili Mission st.. Mrs.Favre, spiritual teet'
meeting; free: no <■■ i!l>><-t jim. ■
Mli ETI G KOTICBI.
ALTA Lodge No. 105, I. O. O~F~—^ l-T^f
Orflcera nd members are re- '$&Z*~sSXz.
nuettted to be i.r-?t-ut MONDAY
tCVKNING. March .14.. Initiation .. .'"'" '
two i-andidatei.-. AY. B. HIBBETT N <i
F. W. DERBY, Recording Becnetary. " '
■ THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering" vF~\T
and games of the <^aied..nian Club j\, ZiiVj
i.i Shell Mound Park. I Berkeley. *»3"t?^ i
SATURDAY, May 23. '
' ' JOHN REID, Chief.
.lAS. H. DUNCAN, Fee. -
a::NUAL MEETING— . regular annual
. meeting r>r ■ the stockholders of the Weetorn ;
Sugar Rr-flning Company will be heid at the '
office of the oorapajiy. 327 Market st., San j
Francisco. Cal.. or. MONDAY, the 23th day j
of March. JBPS. at the bnur of 12 m.. !
' for the'purpose of electing a Board of Dlrec- '
' torn to serve for. th», en»u!:ig yenr and the j
xrar.i«itvi;oij of such other' business ts may i
rome before the meeting. ■.
Tranofer hooks will cloee on Friday, March '
' tt.UW. at U O'clock m.
P.OBBKT QXKABD. S*C»U<JG.' [
MEKTING N'OTIC Continued.
THERE will >be a meeting of the St. W*5PJ>
. Patrick's Day Convention THIS DAY" 'Vvwlf
(SURUaT), at 2:30 p. m.. in K. R. 8. JlC x
Hall, Mason and O'Farrell sts. AllfCVs?
, Irish, Irish-American, national, mill- • *■*
tary, benevolent, social and literary societies
are requested lo send five delegates each.
Officers or former conventions, grand mar-
shals, orators and po«ts are entitled to seats
tn the convention. J. J. Barnett and K.
Barry will address the convention. By order
1 FRANK CONKLIN. President.
I ,T. J. MORAN. Secretary.
j ST. PATRICK'S day celebration— The __j??a.
Irisl; national holiday will be cele- Tw.jr
brated on a magnificent scale at the • lL\jf
I Chutes on THURSDAY, Marcii 17, •>*%&
under the auspices of the County 'S~w^
Leitrlm Social Club. Balloon ascension and
literary exercises afternoon. Grand display
1 of fireworks al night. Irish historical sub-
jects, including figures of Robert Emmet ard
: other Irish martyrs.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John E. Burton, in the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelumne Hill, Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings in Chile
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company,
In the Harville mine, near Placerville. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez
1 Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
j mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
: to deposit tailings In Spanish Creek, and
; from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
! Company, in the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County. to de-
posit tailings In a ravine, gives notice that
j a meeting will he held at room S9. Flood
' building, San Francisco, Cal., on March 2S,
j 18?8. at 1:30 p. m. • ' -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 16% Turk st. and IUS Market, rooms
16-16.
MISS L. STANLEY, manicure and aloohol
baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
' MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
j and Turkish. 636 Kearny St., room 9.
I MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $1. 17A Sixth St., room 1.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanio battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK, the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELPON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market st., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st.. room 11. : .
ROOMS papered. $2 50 up; whitened. $1 up.
2SOB Twenty-fourth St., or 239 Third St.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trlclan; alcohol, Turkish baths: unrivaled.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. on and after
Monday, March 21. 189 S. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday. March 15. 189S, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
HOTELS, restaurants and families, we can
furnish you help satisfactorily and quickly.
Try us. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
Tel. Grant 185.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by a school
teacher who has tired of the duties: of 10
3-ears' experience. Address box 2150 Call.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a
place as working housekeeper: first-class
references. 1030 Capp St.. near 26th.
AN experienced German cook and second girl
desire positions in same family; American
preferred. Box 2165, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman with references de-
sires to take care of children or- house-
• keeper's position. 204% Fifth st.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements;
$1 50 per day: suits made In 2 days; good
fitter. Address 36 Lexington aye.
DRESSMAKING tailor, work by the day or at
home. MISS FITZPATRICK, 151$ California.
GERMAN girl wishes to do general house-
work; American family; wages $20. Call for
2 days, 1706 Fillmore st.
GIRL 16 years of age would like a position in
a family to take care of children for her
board and clothes. Call or address 411 Fol-
som st., upstairs.
2 SWEDISH girls wish positions together, one
as cook and one as second girl; first-class ref-
erences. Call Monday and Tuesday at 1104
Mission St., room 26.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, perfect fitter, de-
sires to go out at $1 25 per day. Call or ad-
dress MRS. M. FLOHR, 1535 Howard st.,
near Fifteenth.
COOKING or working housekeeper's position
by lady with boy; near school; reasonable;
city or country. 56 Homestead St.; Twenty -
second-st. cars to end.
PLACE for light work by a girl who can sew
well; good references; small wages; city or
country. Call or address M. F.. 206 Fifth st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation at house-
work; plain cooking. Apply at 1816% Post st.
WANTED— Position aa saleslady, copyist or
cashier. Box 2155, Call office.
REFINED young lady desires position as
nursery governess; music; good seamstress;
country preferred. Address A. M., box 2033,
. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; good cutter and fitter; $1 25 per
day; no • objection to country. Address box
2036. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wants work of
any kind by the day. 895 Market St., room 21.
WANTED — By. a Scotch Nova Scotia woman,
cooking and housework in private family, j
Call at 109 Leaven st. •)
SWEDISH girl wishes place in American fam- ;
ily; experienced cook; good worker. 618% j
Filbert st.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants work; "is
a good plain cook; any distance In country.
Address 22% Seventh st.
WOMAN wishes situation to go out by the day
sewing. 2526 Bryant aye. ■ .
RESPECTABLE young lady of refinement and
education wishes position as invalid's nurse;
excellent seamstress; would travel if required;
can furnish highest reference. Address box
2164, Call office. ;
YOUNG girl wants a position as waitress In a
private hotel or boarding house. Box 2038,
. Call office. ... ■
WOMAN would like to obtain a situation;
lately from the East; good cook; not afraid
' of work. Call 912 Howard St., near Fifth.
GOOD woman wishes situation to do general
housework; city or country; plain cook and
laundress. 235 Minna st.
LADY piano teacher will give piano lessons
in exchange for use of piano to practice on
part of one day In the week. Box 2026. Call.
RESPECTABLE lady would like position as
housekeeper; city. Box 2026, Call Office.
YOUNG lady, competent bookkeeper and
stenographer, wants position as such; can
give very best : reference and bond if neces- i
sary. Address box 2027, Call Office. j
PIANISTE wishes engagement for evening;
quick reader; experienced. Address box 5,
Hayes-st. branch Call office, 339 • Hayes st.
NEAT young woman, good cook, wishes to go
to Klondike. .Box 2031. Call office.
DRESSMAKER by the day; first-class work;
terms moderate. 939% Howard St., near Sixth.
RELIABLE, trustworthy woman desires situ-
ation; light 'housework with small private
family. Call or address MRS. F., 667 How- i
ard Bt.
COMPETENT girl wants situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. Call 1205
Laguna st. - ,
WOMAN wants situation . to do general house- :
work; good plain cook; kind to children; !
good references. 26 Minna St., bet. First '
and Second. . ■ . . ;\
MIDDLE T AOED woman » wants : . situation to
do „ housework and sewing. 231 • Minna St.
SITUATION wanted by widow as housekeeper.
2524 Mission st. > ;
WOMAN wants work by day washing or house- i
cleaning. Call 104 Grove st. • - ;'
KIIIST-C'LASS cook wants . situation or would j
<lo housework In city or country. Please call '
125 Julian aye. ', ;-
BTYLISH dressmaker wishes re-engagement; !
$1 50: good fitter; dresses made over; suits j
made in two days. : L.,:.1941-. Mission Bt.
SITUATION wanted by a young married wo-
. man with a child S months old; a place In a
private family; wages not so much an object
as a home. Cal! or address MRS. 'M. JOHN-
BON, Newport Hotel, room 8. corner Frank- j
l!n and Oak sts., -■ „. ... .■■'
LADY desires position a» housekeeper, nurse i
or traveling companion; city or country. ; Ad- i
dress 121 Montgomery St.. room -21... •
COMPETENT woman wants work' at washing !
or housecleanlng day. . Apply or address '
226 Minna Bt. . . • " . . 
PLAIN sewing and mending done at 126 Fourth
»t., room 2:— - . - ■:.,.■ ::; . '
LADY • wishes • housekeeper's , position •or - plain
mending. 112 Taylor at., room 9. .'
YOVNO German woman wishes working house- I
lte*D?r'«- position- or to do . plain mending.
8198 Howard . st., room 8. • . . '
REFINED woman would : like : chamber work
or housework ! or I tn family, where > sha
would, bo treat td Mm* m fuali*. iil* Mission.
'*:--.' ■''-'■■' " ' ■ * " " i '■"'■:■■.. '■'.'" ■■■"■'...■--■■-;■"■■.. r- ■.-'.■-,'- ■-..
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, IS9B.
J SITUATIOXS VAXTED— Continued.
! WANTED— Situation - as , linen j woman or
i straight chamber work in hotel; country pre-
ferred; , best city references. Address C. L.
R., 327 Clementina st.- . .
' RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
housekeeper: good cook; city or country; best
:• of references. 1920 Howard st., top floor.
; WANTED— By a first-class cook, a position in
private family or small boarding house. Call
or address 1024 Jackson st. ..
( PRACTICAL and thoroughly first -class ladies'
tailor from Paris, London and New York,
with some . good experience in. cutting and
fitting, ' wants a situation in a' first-class
house. Box 1600, Call office.
WANTED— By trustworthy women, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country. 110
Sixth st. .... . - ' ■
i LADY wishes plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 116 Sixth st.. room 6. • .
' YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
| do plain mending. 1104 Mission '■ st., corner j
I of Seventh, room 10.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 959 Howard St., cor.
Sixth, room 14. i ; •• . ■•
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLK HARRIS. t l5 Grant ay.
~ SITUATIONS AXTKD-MALE.
I EMPLOYERS of help can select' their' men at
I C. R. HANSKN & CO.'S, ICS Geary Ft. If
\ou live In the country we can • select them ■
for you, satisfactorily and quickly. Cut this
out for reference. Telephone Grant 185.
SPECIAL this morning ;
Wuffleman and toast maker. $35; oysterman,
$35; both for a country hotel; free fare; call
with baggage ready to go before 8:30 this
- morning; office open 7. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st. __^
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
I tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay Bt.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 66. Geo. Aokl. 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. 805 Geary 6t.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel.Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
- Northern Hsclng Co. ISOB Polk; tel. Polk 122.
SWEDISH— A first-class coachman and gar-
dener wishes a situation in a private family;
can milk also: can give the best of refer-
ences. Box 2154, Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Man or man and wife;
city or country; handy with tools. Box 2043.
Call office. ■ ' '
INTERVIEW solicited with parties desiring
experienced accountant accustomed to hand-
ling money; references and bonds given. F.
H., 811 Market st. _______________
COMPETENT hotel man wishes situation as
manager or steward; Al references from lead-
ing Eastern hotel and clubs. Box 2052. ■ Call.
BOY 16 years old would like position in West-
ern Addition: can give references. Call or
address 2436 Post st. -
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, was foreman In Job
shop for S years, would like steady position
of any kind; wages no object. Address Car-
penter, 3651 Nineteenth St., city.
AS nurse or valet to gentleman; gives massage;
best of references. Valet, box 2162. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, accountant or Spanish corre-
spondent anywhere in California. DIECK-
MANN, 647 Halght aye.. Alameda.
AN active elderly man desires work around
place; small wages. Box 2156. Call office.
PROFESSIONAL nurse seeks engagement;
would assume entire charge; apply own and
an effectual remedy in chronic diseases or
would Join in established sanitarium or hos-
pital where same would be applicable; terms
reasonable.: Box 1336, Call Office.
ON ranch by married man as foreman; good
blacksmith, carpenter, harness maker; un-
derstands fruit and vines thoroughly; wife
good cook; references. Room 1. 1119 Mission.
GARDENER— A first-class gardener, with good
references, wishes a steady situation; willing
to do some chores. Address Gardener, box
2024. Call office.
POSITION of trust by young man, age 30; ca-
pable of taking entire charge of private
place; is good gardener; references. Box 2046,
Call office. ■
BARKEEPER just from the East wishes situ-
ation; good references. Box 2053. Call office.
ELDERLY man wants position to take care of
gentleman's place In country; good gardener:
can milk cows; understands raising vege-
tables. S. N. MAHONEY, 936 Church st.
BARBER, first-classman, 29 years of age.
i married, wants steady work in first-class
shop only. Address L. LAMBERT. 431 Sixth.
HARNESS maker wants situation; city or
country. 653% Howard 6t.
YOUNG man of 22, handy with tools, desires
position of some kind. Box 2066, Call.
MAN wishes position as cook in hotel or board-
ing house; country preferred. Box 2059, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years' experience, i
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern: moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box 25.
Call office. . ;
MAN wants situation as gardener or to take
care of horses; handy about the house. 709% i
Buchanan st. * !
YOUNG man wants situation: any kind of
work; city or country; understands cows,
horses, garden: reference. Address J. A.
MacDONALD, 214 Third st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer-y. Ji'.; .
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 1-, Grant aye.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
BLANCHE GEDDES, please call or write to
C. R. HANHEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
THREE waitresses for a water resort In South-
ern California, $20 each; 5 waitresses for
Santa Barbara, $20; 2 waitresses, same coun-
try town, $22 50 and $20, fares advanced; 2
sisters or friends for the same country hotel,
$35 for the two. C.R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
IRONER, ladies' wear. $25 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & C 0... 108 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, $26; housegirl, $20, see party
here; 7 housegirls, city. $20; ranch cook, fare
paid; call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
NURSEGIRL. 1 child; call early. C. R. HAN-
SEN CO.. 108 Geary st. '
WAITRESS, country hotel, $22 60. fare paid;
laundress and assist with chamberwork.
country hotel, $20; neat woman, good cook
and housework, country. $25. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st. •
FREE service; working girls do not pay any
fees or other charges to obtain good homes
through the Clerks' Exchange. j 1023 Market.
THE best homes in the city; girls for San Jose,
for' Portland, for Los Angeles, through 1023
Market st. .-
SEVERAL excellent positions for young ladles
now open. 1023 Market st.
SALESLADIES, bookkeepers, clerks, ' type-
writers secure splendid places, small cost.
1023 Market St. :
COOKS. ■ chambermaids, . waitresses. •■ pantry
girls, storeroom girls, all secure places at
1023 Market et. ' -■■■■'
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists. 18
First St., NEWBAUER BROTHERS. -
OPERATORS on 'children's lace - caps and
ladies' shirt walsta. BAUER BROTHERS.
647 Market st. •
OPERATORS on gent's white shirts steady
work. 521 Valencia st. .; -. . ■
WANTED Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts; also a lim- •
Ited number will ,be taken: for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTET^GirI to assist in housework; or- •
phan preferred. 803 Turk st. :
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. MADAM •
FLAMAND. 823 Sutter 5t.... <
WANTED— LadIes can earn $8 weekly doing
needle work at home; no canvassing. Inclose .
self-addressed stamped envelope • for • reply. '
Standard. Novelty Co.. 101 Beekman st.. 1 N. Y.
LADY canvasser wanted: lucrative. position for <
the right- party. Call at 136 Ellis st. Monday
morning, between. 9 and 11. . ;■; ■ ■-: ■
, __: 1 i
•WANTED— I 2 lady canvassers at 1430 Folsom
st.; an up-to-date article; salary or commls- •
Blon. Call at. 9a. m.- Monday. '■
HOUSEKEEPER for j summer resort; must i
have financial Interest in business. Call room
2f>, 109 California St.. Monday afternoon.
APPRENTICE on coats; . paid while learning. .
Box 1460, Call office. . : :. . • :
WANTED— LittIe girl to take care of 4-year-
old boy. 1204 Stevenson st. :
EXPERIENCED glovemakers: making through-
out. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market Bt. " \
WANTED— For a downtown 'store;' lady type- 1
I writer: small wages at first. ?. Address box
2037, Call office. --,--
YOUNG girls will be taught to make shirts.
BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 13 Battery st. .;; -f- j
OPERATORS on -shirts: steady work! good
pay. - BRENNER-ULMAN C 0.,. 19 Battery. '
GOOD help, also apprentices, on high grade ■
;. ladies' suits. HENRY WERTH. Ladles' 1
Tailor, HO". Leavenworthst.', . near California.
WANTED— Experienced shirt ■; operators. '-' Ap- •
; ply EAGLESON & CO.. 586 Market st. 1
COAT finishers on custom coats; steady ork." '
106 Battery au
HELP WAX'- _D— Continued.
YOUNG woman for general housework, small
family; wagrt $16. Apply Monday morning.
Baltimore. Van Nees aye., room <W.
! FIRBT-CLASfI sewers on- wrappers, etc. H.
I FRIKri LANDER, 32S Fell s^
GIRL to assist: two small children. 737 A Pine.
; GIRL or woman In family of two; no laun-
dering; must be go-xl cook; good wages and
nice home; must be one who appreciates
these. U2O Grove st.
COME! COME' COME!
Learn dressmaking and millinery at the Mc-
Dowell School, th» only school receiving gold
medals ;md diplomas, now Is the time to en-
ter; unlimited lessuns; easy payments; pat-
terns cut to fit. 36c up; hats trimmed free.
McDowell dressmaking andjuilli-
_^'EßY^SCHOOL, 103 Post st.
| WANTED— Experienced operat..rs to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
j FIRST-CLASsTiair^ dr<?sse7~wanted~~at in
I Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
| GIRL on coats for hand and machine. 47S Te-
nama st.
| GIRL wanted to attend to children; German
_JPreferred. IS3O Eddy st.
| WOMAN, 22 to 23. li^ht housekeeping: $S
monthly, o ne i n family. Box 2051, Call.
; GIRL for botiEework. 3!" a month. 23Wi Pinter.
| OPERATORS on stenm power sewing machines
to make Le V i straass * Co.'s riveted cloth-
Ing. Apply MR. DAVIS. 32V» Fremont st.
LADIES— Sunny rooms; respectable house;
from 25c night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
iow Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 86c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
st. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 14 McAllister
st.: monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
MALE HELP WANTED.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $60:
baker, $30; cook for a lumber camp. $20, boss
here. C. R. HAJ^SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
THREE waiters, country hotel. $36 9 and free
fare; 2 waiters, with dress suits, $35; Ameri-
can plan waiter, $35; 4 waiters, $26. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
PORTER, country hotel. $25; must do some
gardening. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
MARKER and distributor, $30 and found; I
starcher and polisher, $30 and found; ironer.
$25 and found. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 108
Geary, st. , .- .
GROCERY clerk, country, $«5; Eastern man
preferred; must be a gentleman of education:
apply in person Monday morning. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st. ,
BARBER, country. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
108 Geary st.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY) SPECIAL — ~ —
We want for a great sawmill corporation, 8
head choppers. $45 and found ; 3 second chop-
pers, $40 and found; 6 bark peelers. $30 per
month and found; exceptional good place and
Job. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
We want 10 common laborers and farm hands
to work In hop yards and fields, $26 per
month, Napa County; 2 coal miners, $2 day;
3 solicitors, city jobs: farmer and wife,- south.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment |
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
YOUNG man, handy with wagon wood work,
to learn trade and make himself URefui
around machinery, $20 and found; country
shop. MURRAY' & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARKEEPER, German. $45 to $50 and found:
first-class bar; call to-day (Sunday). MUR- '
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. _______
EMPLOYERS ' —
If you don't get your help from Murray &
Ready's Employment Agency you don't get
the best help. First-class help supplied free :
of charge. MURRAY & READY, Leading j
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Telephone Main 58-13.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY)—
Extra, waiter, sporting . resort. $1 50 day; 4
cooks. $50, $45, $35, $30. different places: pan- j
tryman, $2:. and found: 3 waiters. $7 week, j
city, and $20 and found; 3 waiters, $25 and
found; . 2 dishwashers. $15 and $20; hotel
baker,, small place: cook for 3 men. $15. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY)—
Typewriter, sten.crapher and assistant book-
keeper, country store. $40. see boss here. U
a., m. MURRAT & READT, Leading Em-
ployment Agent-. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED ' — — --
Blacksmith's helper and wife; man to do j
chores, wife to cook plain food. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents. 634
and 636 Clay st.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
126 woodchoppers, ■ pine and redwood, $1 10,
$125, $1 and 75c cord: 86 shingle and shake
bolt makers. $1 50 cord; 597 tie makers, Be. 9c,
10c and ICo each, red and plnewood timber; i
87 woodchoppers, Yolo County, $1 25 cord.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY) |
8 milkers. $25. $20 and $18; 4 choreboys for i
ranches, $8, $10 and $15 and found per month; i
6 laborers for a ranch near city: t butter
makers. $20 and $25. MURRAY _ READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636
Clay st. "- ■
WANTED— Choppers. $40: timber fellers, $40;
crosscut sawyers and barkers, $35; foreman
farmer and wife. $45 to $50. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento »t.
WANTED— WaIter, country hotel, $30; cook.
small place, assist waiting, country. $30: first
and second cook, $105; cook, country hotel. '■
$65. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 ,
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Wood turner and machine man. $3
day. J. F. CROSETT 4; C 0.," 628 Sacramento.
TO go Tuesday, half fare paid, for Eureka; 3
.head choppers, $45 and board; 3 second chop-
pers, $40 and board: 6 bark peelers. $30 and
board: see boss in town. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608-610 Clay st.
WANTED— Ranch blacksmith, good steady Job,
$40 and board; farmers, milkers, cooks, wait-
ers snd dishwasher for county hotel, $15. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st. /
6 ESTABLISLHED Pacific Coast offices now
available to San Francisco members without
. extra cost; 1 fee of less than 10c per week; If
you are a stranger,, without connections, In
Los Angeles or elsewhere, I our office will se-
lect rooms and board and furnish service to
secure employment; investigate. 813 Bush st.
EVERY member of the Clerks' Exchange en-
ters into a contract to assist the exchange In
all honorable ways to assist themselves; the
largest week's business on record just closed;
substantial evidence of its popularity and
Indorsement by intelligent . people, free and
Independent to act for themselves; call and
Investigate; orders now open. 313 Bush »t.
THE Clerks' Exchange employs competent can-
vassers to work for members; advertises for
members; gives benefit of branch office -or-
ders free of expanse; refunds money if fall-
Ing to suit; gives 1 or 2 months' trial; pays
all members for Information that secures po-
sitions for others; Investigate; the only mem-
.bershlp. contract ngency on coast. 313 Bush.
WANTED— experienced fancy goods
and small wares. Address O. H., box 2034,
Call office.
WORK at home furnished people at either sex
at good wages. For full Information address
Labadie Art Co.. Kalama_oo. Mich. . ,
WANTED— working foreman under a
superintendent; pay • $60 . per month; house
furnished, but expected, with wife, to board
a few men at fair prices. Address Ranch,
box 2180. Call office. . .
PROMOTER wanted by Eastern manufacturer.
Room 359.- Occidental Hotel.
YOUNG man to sweep In lodging-house; room, j
board and laundry; no wages. Alpha House,
5 Market st.
BOY wanted Monday, 7 a. m. Printing office,
113 Davis st.
GOOD salesman for retail cigar store. Address,
giving age. last place employed and refer-
ence,;box 2021. Call office. • r.
WANTED— First-claMi rst-claM Indies' Ullor: no others
need. apply. VERDIER, 944 Geary .; st.
GOOD .blacksmith; steady work. .4320 Mission
road, near Five-Mile House. .. ■
COATMAKERS - wanted; steady work. 106
Battery st.
WANTED— Men and women; work home; I pay
; $8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method: any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time. Jay or
evening;, send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist. Tyrone. Pa.
$8 PER -hundred 'paid ; for- : your neighbors'
names; '■ blankbook holding ' 600 ;, names . with
full - Instructions sent * for 10 : cents; also list
of 100 other .firms who buy names. ', We also
give a gold alloy watch' for distributing 100
..samples. ;. STAR C 0.," 1642 Ohio st., Chicago. :
WANTED— Several faithful, persons to manage
. our : business from their own towns; ■ salary
$900 and expenses; references: inclose self-ad-
' dressed stamped envelope. - The ■-.Dominion
Company. • Department |N, : Chicago. ■-..>.;
GOOD ; lathe hands, bollermakers " and pipe-
makers ■ wanted > by- ; The t Rlsdon Iron Works,
' ■ Beale and Howard ■ sts.' Apply Howard ; st.
entrance. '-£■':' •
WANTED— A brlßht-- young man as clerk , and
Prt.ler,rnan: for hardware -and paint store: Ad-
dress box 2045. Call office.
MAN able to speak German or French In wine-
house as barkeeper; also -must know how to
sell goods indoors: only one of good charac-
; ter need apply. Box -1495, Call office. .
".■ :■'. i "■.^■'-...-. -■«- :.■:*-■- . -. ■ - *. .- - •- . - ■ -.. . - < ... ■"- \ ■■..-■ •
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 6.
FUCMS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SOLICITORS, male or female. -In each town
and city; staple article; factory to consumer;
exclusive territory; permanent position; $50
.to $100 - monthly; established 7 < years. Box
2215. Call office.
1.. . ,
i GREEN hands and seamen: good job for sum-
! mer: come early. HERMAN'S, 26. Steuart St.
EXPERIENCED dress, domestic and fancy
goods salesmen. Box 2060, Call Office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
. marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the -ages of
21 and 30 years, who ■ are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
; clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG, machine
works. 106 Fremont st. ■ ■ ■ ......
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string, to
join orchestra for social purposes. Apply A.
MATTHIEU. 328 Bush st. , ,
WANTED— At Montana House. 764>^MlssIon
st., men to take rooms;. 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week. • . .
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms at
f nlKhts for 25c or 75c week. 105 New Mont-
gomery st.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy.. 102 7th: tel. South 625.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 hlrd it.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 p«r week.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13S^» Eighth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 2."c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of Th« Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and lie night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 863*2 (Elcho House)— 20c. 15c
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED — collect wages due laborers and
clerks: Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 987 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. \ '-.•.-• ■•-.-;
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED--Agents to sell Murat Halstead's
great Cuba book; all about Cuba, Spain and
war; great excitement; every one buys it; I
agent sold 87 In 1 day; another made $13 'In
1 hour; 600 pages; magnificent illustrations,
photographs, etc.; low price: we guarantee
the most liberal terms: freight paid; 20 days'
credit; outfit free; send 6 2-cent stamps to pay
postage. THE BIBLE HOUSE. 324 Dearborn
St., Chicago.
AN energetic, reliable lady to take the agency
of the quickest selling and best wearing
corset on the market; absolutely perfect; good
profits; to the right party will give exclusive
territory; if you want to get In the spring
trade make arrangements now. Address ST.
LOUIS CORSET COMPANY. St. Louis. Mo.
AGENTS wanted. 1644 Market St.; good for $2
to $4 a day.
FURNITUKE WANTED.
HIGHEST~prlces to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to IS Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
tcilptlonp and want ids taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$500— PARTY or partner with $500 to Join in
opening sanitarium for cure of chronic dis-
eases under remedy wholly effective and sole
rlehts thereto secured. Box 1355. Call office.
PARTNER wanted — Man to travel; must have
$100; big profits; exclusive novelty; no com-
petition. Call 505 Larkin st.
STRICTLY temperate man, 26 years 1 expe-
rience, good cook, wishes partnership In res-
taurant. Box 2054. Call Office.
PARTNER with $5000; good-paying Invest-
ment; will pay to Investigate. Box 2057, Call.
PARTNER wanted in the house-moving busi-
ness. Apply 431 Hayes st.
R00..1S WANTED.
ELEGANT parlors for physician wanted bet.
Stockton and Van Ness. O'Farrell and Sutter
sts. : Mate price. Box 2106. ("all office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Large sunny front suite to accom-
modate 4 gentlemen: central; state terms.
Address box 2030, Call office.
LADY will teach piano or singing In return
for room. Box 2041. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— IO.OOO billiard and pool players to
use Spinks' chalk; send 2c stamp for sample.
WILLIAM A. SPINKS & CO., 3 Clark St..
Chicago. 111.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gdld, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies SOc.
gentssl: palm, and clairv.; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
PROF. BAZAIN. prince of palmists, thought
transference. 307 Jones; ladles 50c, gents $1;
sealed questions answered free; clalr. medium.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia: sittings,
II; circles Tues.. 2; Sat. eve.. 8 p. m. ; 26c.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market St., room 41, top floor.
FANNIE DAVIS, returned; card reader. 122
Post St., room 11, second floor.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 26c; G., SOc; no sign. 3 7th.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st.. room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 92H4 Mission ; German spoken.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120V4 Geary st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 26c up; German spoken. 78 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice; help. 9JS Post.
MRS. MANDENA, medium, palmist; life read-
Ings. 25c; satisfaction guaranfd. 28 Sixth st.
MME. SVAENSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; 25c. 441 Geary st.
MRB. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123>4 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
2: mind-reader and palmist.
SPIRITUALISM.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght at.
PROF. GEE; readings dally; test circles Tue..
Thur.. Frl.. 8 p. m.; 25c. 865V4 Market st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room J.
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM-
BERN A RIVS Clinic of Medical Hypnotism-
Notice to the public— We have now perma-
nently established In this city at 203 Turk St.,
a clinic for the practical application of
medical hypnotism. This is the only institu-
tion of its kind west of Denver, run under
competent medical supervision. It Is our
purpose to treat all diseases of both ml:id
and body and we especially solicit thone rose?
wherein the ordinary modes of treatment
have failed. Clinic open from 10 a. m. to S
p. m., Sundays excepted.
THOROUGH course in hypnotism: diplomas Is-
sued. CAL. INSTITUTE, 4nm Geary st.
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics; private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F TIRMAN. Se*-.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MINNA. 713^4—4 rooms, completely furnished
for housekeeping; rent $»; no offer refused.
GOUGH~479— Flat of 6 furnished rooms for
sale,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty ; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, btils-or-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc. : established 10 years. O W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 860 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unions successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. Ml M»rk#4 sL
PERSONALS.
M.. and C— Come home; they are all going
away to-day. W,
WANTED— A German phyßldan with 20 years'
experience wishes to associate himself with
' the management of mmc sanitary resort; the
I doctor has an unfailing method' for the cure
' of diabetes,- Bright's disease, gout and rheu-
matism. For further particulars address box
2035, Call office.
HEALTHY boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
FINE turkey dinner, 25c; Sundays. 4 to 7 p. m.
MISS JANE BOWER, 122 - Turk st.
A BLACKHEAD, pimple, moth and freckle
cure: guaranteed. MRS. BUTLER, room 324.
Phelan building. - •
BOXING and b^g punching taught by an ex-
pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460. Call office.
.' MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send" 10c and postage for
Mar. "Wedding Bell"; lt> pages; no $0 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis st., San Francisco.
BISI> r.SS..I'EKSONAI.S
FINE bronzing for store fronts In gold, 3ilver,
copper or white metal: looks better, .years
better than old style painting or graining: tor
estimates call or send postal. JOHNSON,
441 Sixth st.
PATENTS- Ideas wanted: think; invent: sim-
plest Inventions pay best; big patent book
FREE. O'MKRA & CO., opp. Patent Office.
Washington, D. C.
AS a first-class hair-dresser I pride myself
upon having no equal: price only 25c; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 60; extra
heavy, long. $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. HI Stockton St.
PRIVATE home In confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, I*l6 Eighth »t.. Alameda.
QUINONIA Hair Tonlo effects a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
IF matrimonially Inclined, write your wants;
strictly confidential. C. D. Co., Marshall.
Mibh. -■ - - ■
LADIES may select from 2 dozen fancy waists
and costumes, latest styles, when having
photo taken at HOLLER'S, 8 Sixth St.; also
chlldren'p dreeses;. free: cabinets from $1 per
dozen up. ■ • •
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In hank or chain, "at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never fails;
trial. 10c. MRS. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wls.
SHAMROCKS for St. Patrick's Day from Dub- ;
lln. Klldare, Wicklow and Cork. Counties;
mailed 15c, $1 10 per dozen; 50 upward, half
price; remember '98; order before 15th. MO-
LONEY. 327 Buena Vista St., Los Angejes.
A FREE prescription " for monthly Irregulari-
ties: It never fails to relieve in one day: no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $5 order,
after which It can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 In 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO., 36'/i Geary St..
San Francisco.
W ANTED— First-class old violin; lady's size.
GEO. M.. box 1173. Call Office. .
NEW method massage, electric theatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON. Grant ay.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms.
25c -to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 535 Clay St.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. . NEUHAUS . & CO.. 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.
TRUNKS moved. 25c, Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on ' easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. -20 Sansome st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— We«kly
Call. Sent to any address In • the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. : . . - -
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE "~ '.
Wanted — 18 more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here aboul March 15. in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad- j
ing and Mining Company;, steady employ- I
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
KLONDIKERS! Don't be. buncoed by out-
fitters, ticket scalpers and steerers: buy dl-
rect from wholesalers and steamship com-
panies. Free Information I Bureau, 5 Market
St.. room 5. '
GIVE your • gold-saving < machines practical
demonstration; "Prospect Camp." on ocean !
beach; for sale cheap, i WILLIAM PATTER-
SON & CO., south side U. S. Life-saving
Station. ■ ■
THE swift and newly-fitted sailer Helen W.
Almy will now leave for Copper River and
Cook's Inlet about March 15; low rates for ;
passage and freight. ■ Apply at once, MOHNS
& KALTENBACH. 29 Market. St. ■
KLONDIKE : provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
WHAT you must — The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Ooast.
Pacific Shoe Co.. 139 First st.
MINER wants $750 grub stake; give real estate
security and share In claim. Box 2032, Call.
A -LARGE dog suitable for Klondike, to be
. sold: a bargain. . 130 Seventh st. J
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 123S FUlmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs; also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best . Klondike stoves In the
world. HOLMES A CO.. 416-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamer*, sailing vessels and
- launches for sale. H. O. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
A WEEK'S ■ news for 6 cents— The . Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ■ - '•'- " •--'
-'.-■-M iIX.IM. HOUSES' FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO. Successful Brokers, 22',^ Geary.
80 rooms., clears $160: good transient.. $1200
48 rooms; finest house; best locality: new 3000
. 48 rooms; Geary; good invstmt; bonanza. 2000
26 rooms: Market St.; clears $75; snap 450
21 rooms; best in city; clears $55.. ....... 800
16 rooms; Market St., near Sixth; offices. 700
16 rooms; ■■ clears $40 m0nth........'.'.:..:.. 275
12 room?; Third st.: rent $27 50 200
' 11 ; room*: all: rented; corner; : worth $600.. 326
11 rooms;- Ninth St.; clears $50 month.... . 450
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny.... 325
7 rooms; O'Farrell st: clears $35.. 225
■'7 rooms ; rent $25; clears $25.. 400
$1600—20 ROOMS; fine sunny S corner; worth
: $2500; clears $160; low rent. KREDO A CO. ■-
$878—12 ROOMS; nice little boarding-house;
clears $100 month._KREDO * CO. 12^ Geary.
$400—7 ROOMS: lovely home; free rent and $25
■ profit. KREDO A CO.. 22H Geary et.
«000^4^ROOMS; best In city; new house: new
furniture. KREDO. A. CO.. t*U Geary st.
7-ROOMS.' new; payments: on Taylor it. .5400
11-room house; sunny corner: fine -500
16 room*: new and *ood ..' 1409
6 rooms and bath r... S.S
19 rooms r partly furnished t>so
36 rooms.on Mission . . tpOO
I IS rooms on Golden Gate: fine... 1100
i 7 rooms, nrar Ualdwln: »<»rtia!n ;..,. IJO
32 rooms, on Maiket: clears $250............ J.v>o
; 24 rooms on-Kearny; clears $200........... S5OO
*"» i-oomM. near Baldwin Hotel' (transient). IJOO
J0 rooms', c.-ntral: 2 fronts; worth $1800... 600
.Hotel in mining town; good bar........... 1000
... : H. C. DECKER, IMO Market, opp. Fifth. _
15 ROOMS, bath: rent $50; good location on
MlNSton st.: good Income nouse: If sold
quick .•. $500
29 rooms: central; Income $S0 per; month
over expense; ; price ......... $1000
7 rooms: central; fine house: 4 rooms pay
rent price -.......;•••••••• — •••• ••- • 225
6 rooms: good furniture; neat home; good,
location .■..........:.."...............■.......... 300
Many cheap houses *>. !- _ . ' -
Call or address Pacific Coast Exchange, rooms
9 and 10. i 1206 Market St.' ■ ... ..;. ■:.-.-,.■
F<">R ••' Sale— Pay Ing ' lodging-house, « 49 -roomB;
| good • corner; ■ present ■ hands several years; ■ no
agents. ; Box 201S,: Call office. ' ■■ • - ■ v-.;
EDDY. 622—16 rooms; i part cash, balance on
;--.tlme.--.r- ,-";•,.-,» 'r--,-.■-;'--..-.r --,-.■-;'--. .-. ■"--•.-;'- J : ■■ i - -,-.
$1000— ROOM lodging house; cheap rent: good
transient trade. *• 821 Howard st. . »-■.•■/.•-
GOING rto *; Washington— 2o rooms; r beet | loca-'
- tion; : rent $33; ] clean $40, cheap, f 48 Seventh.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
Iflilllll ISlLiiii
Money loaned. KRLUU >-'-';■ v «q
H.",2ooo.7FloslSTand nungry: best $^1*?;
most popular in city. KKbw o_
Geary st. ; — —
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel ; *«»
Fruit store; best f in -tne-c ll >".y y "" "].. 500
I Stationery store In Hayes Valley... m
Restaurant, best in city.. -• 2000
saws rg£fcg£ jjjjjteij«g__.
b co^r^y:
$250- Very nice cigar store; good loca "° n - -
$300--Branch bakery and notions: paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S, I7i Market st.__
BUTCHER "business;' established 26 years: fln«
location: machinery, smoke house, engine,
! has a first-class, good paying trade: <™ncr
i will remain with buyer one w-eek: .satisfac-
tiun and a bargain guaranteed; $1000. aii
or addreu* I'acinc Coast Exchange, rooms s
and lOi 12t.it; Market st. '
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
ne.pysary tools and stock; situated on Boui-
: din Island. San Joaquin County. For further
- information inquire of H. V GORMAN. 50«
Battery st., San Francisco, or at the prem-
ises on Bouldin Island. _
GRAND opening for one willing to go to Cleve-
land, Ohio., or Denver. Colo.; good business:
$1000 yearly sure: $300 cash required; inquire
personally. KOBT. BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis st.
$1000— ONE^TENTH interest in advertising busi-
ness: at conservative estimate' will net $5000
a year in S. F. ; Investor ran handle his own
■ money. Apply CAHILL, 107 Sixth St.
FOR Cheap, branch bakery and .notions,
on account of retiring from business; nic«
living rooms; rent cheap-; no agents. 50|
Bryant st. ■ _____ ,
TANNERY in Northern California: $60*
cash, balance in trade; everything first-class.
C. B. BOND, 19WF . McAllister st.. Sao .Fran.
KLONDIKE — Experienced miner who ha*
backer for $500. ■ wants another .ftftr same
I amount; best city references. Box 2025. Call.
CORNER saloon among wholesale houses! |
large stock; rent cheap; • paying trade; good
place man X- wife. X\V. cor. Pacific & Battery .
SALOON, 18 Sixth St., cbrrie-r of Stevenson;
good location: will be sold cheai>. Apply. to«
day between 9 and 12 a. m.,; on premises.
FRUIT business, stock, horse anil wagon
rooms furnished for housekeeping;' rent " rea»
sonable: must sell. Box 2042, Call office.
ATTENTION, Harnessmakers— lf you want 4
good paying shop in thriving town near dtf
at Invoice, address box 2185, Call office.
RARE chance for a good business man with
$2000 capital to invest in a paying "manufac-
turing business. Box 2017, Call office.
WANTED— To purchase branch bakery, Candy
or notion store; must be - a bargain. Address
MRS. A VERY. 336 Golden Gate aye. -
PARTNER to start a wine and bottling beer
business; experience not necessary. Box 2153,
Call. . • ._
$45— BAKERY and notion store. 2552. F0150m St.; '
• worth $100; 4 rooms and bath; rent $12; must .
sell. '. ■ ' '
$225 BUYS city wagon route clearing $65
monthly or no sale; trial given. 406 Geary.
$125 SECURES manufacturers' agency worth.
$600 a year. Address box 2151, Call office.
— OLD plumbing and tinner business; -tools,
rooms; sale or rent. 1216 Oak st.
SHOE store; well-established custom trade.
Apply Call branch office. 339 Hayes st.
FINE branch bakery, stationery and notions:
5 elegant rooms. 2852 Folsom st.
HAVES Valley Bazaar. 411 Hayes St.;
must be sold; make offer. .
RESTAURANT for sale. 136 Second st.
CIGAR stand for sale. For particulars inquire
of WM. MARLOW, . 14 Eddy st.
PARTNER in a first-class bakery; good show
for right roan. Box 2019, Call. : •
BARGAIN; $225; paying corner grocery and
bar. Box 2016. Call office. '
CIGAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. 1519
Market st. .
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to in-
vest In the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find .It to
their interest • to": /write Jar particulars to
"R. W. SWEET,' Kirk— -ooai-.Cirt;' *_ U Z. _,
TO capitalists— Several working' miners hav-
ing consolidated 250 acres ■fve ' and cement
gold-bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African conglomerate and tailings, will sell
all or part; good water facilities and roads;
4 miles from railroad; 35 miles from Stockton.
Address box 143, Quartz Mountain, Tuolumna
County. Cal. • - ■ . " • ■ ■•
FOR SALE — Jewelry and pawnbroklng biK-
ness, with stock on hand; established -is
years: on one of the best corners in San
Francisco. Apply to J. B. LEWIS & SON,
436 Montgomery, St., bet. 12 and 1. ■
$$00— GOOD laundry ' route, horse . and wagon;
small steam laundry; 4 furnished rooms pay
the rent; good location: going to Klondike.
Address box 2044, Call office. .:;
FIRST-CLASS 1-chalr barber shop: 2 living
rooms; 3 years' lease; -building insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand, Cal.
GROCERY and bar for sale; good location;
good trade; retiring on account of illness.
Box 2049, Call office. . . .
THE Nickel saloon, near the new Postofflce
site. 130 Seventh st: $300 will purchase stock,
fittings, utensils, furniture, etc. ; no agents.
SALOON stuck and fixtures for sale; three liv-
ing, rooms: good bargain. 236 Third st."
$3000— MANAGING partner wanted In a sound,
t profitable business: good salary to the right
man; references required. Box 2100, Call.
HALF interest in well-established butcher
business; centrally located; good-paying busi-
ness. Address box 4, Call office, Oakland.
GROCERY, centrally located in Oakland:
elegant room; established trade. - -Address
"Grocer," box 11. Call office, Oakland.
SALOON— Good bargain; good stand; no agent;
northeast cor. Third and Brannan sts. \Y.
. 11 . PAYNE.
JOB printing office; over $700 a year guaran-
teed to purchaser.: Box 2067, Call office. -
SALOON for sale on account of sickness; bar-
gain. 2006 Fillmore 6t.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
, THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourtl». San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on Investment of $2000 for
1897 eighty (80) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year: for sala
on accoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on. premises.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise^ -__
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no sto*
or Klondike scheme; sate, practical success, f
David Sloane. 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore, Md.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market st. suitable
. for any business or_stora_e. Apply lo Grant.
J3-0--A paying restaurant on Market st. steady
boarders; oak furniture: rent $30. Address
box C. 47, Call office.  -
SALOON 18 Sixth St.; a bargain _to a quick
cash buyer. Inquire between 8 and 9:30 a. m..
A. McDONALD, 25 Davis St. •
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms: good
place for man and wife. 117 FiUmore st. _
OLD-ESTABLISHED news . and stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business;-
I am going to Alaska: make offer. 101^ Fifth.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery. , ,• -
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries In the city.
. Inquire at ISO 9 Polk st. y. - : - ,
P\TENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 313 Pine at., city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
iow Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LARGE city paper, route, _ rowing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. / Apply at CaU office.
"RTLAND agency this paper.- Inquire this
; office or at IS3 Third tt.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes : supplied ; from GEO.
W. CABWELL & CO. '6, 415 Sacramento st.
, ;;."..'. ''.;■ HORSES." .
HORSES, harness, laundry, -express wagons of
v- all kinds., buggies.- carts .'bought, sold, ex-
': changed at Emporium,- 220 Valencia s_'?--
WANTED— SO : old horses free ; ; from - disease
nnd physic ■ for feed for the animals. . Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 ; HORSES : for sale; also '. wasons, ; buggies,
carts, harness ; ■ • Grand , Arcade , Horse j Mar-
: ket, 527 Sixth St., auction sales; every Wed-
nesday. STTLLTVAN <: DOYLE. Auctioneers.
{■ /WAGONS AND qARRIAGES. .# V
FOR . SALE— Very =. cheap • ; large furniture or
■; express wagon; ; almost new. . 956 Harrison.
NO. 1 coal or- grain wagon: carries 3V4 or 4
tons. 450 ' Brannan' st. .. ..',•,-;
FOR sale— Heavy 1-horse ! spring ', wagon; nearly
new. ; 526 Hampshire 6t. \ ;, : . t ::
FINE laundry," baker's and milk wagoha cheap
for caah or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also. 1 hack. 82S Harrison- in. ; -,- ;CITY --EAL F'STjyrsiF ' ST jy r 5i-
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. V . TC
REAL ESTATE A< ; iERTaT _.
ba^eac-S? SKES fe?^ £gF *"* "
streets accepted: houses always renteu.
$10.(KK>-Nlce^e G r^«- of 9 rooms
Devisadero st.; must be seen ■ ■ be appreciates. .
lines of cars; 50x100.
a BACRIFICE ELEGANT RESIDENCE. |
t4J^S!^Jrn r^ldenee 'of 9 rooms and hath;
120; must be sold.
prick GREATLY REDUCED.
JV.oO— Rents $558 Der annum: 2 fine modern \
fats 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; on Page |
always rented; good location; 25x137:6.
A SACRIFICE AT NORTH BEACH. j
U*H Rents $45 par month; 4 flats; lot runs ;
through to "ar street; must be sold; this price j
will be shaded. _■ , i--":
KASY WESTERN ADDITION PROP- j
* IABI ERTY, >
}.t""' Nice 2-story bay-window residence of 8 |
rooms and bath, etc.; very nice location on:
Pine st. ___ \ J
PRICE GREATLT REDUCED ON ACCOUNT |
r " Rt OF SICKNBSa ,
$2600—2 flats of 7 and 6 rooms on Hyde st. ;
25x82:6: wner wants to buy a life home and is
eacriflclng property; good Investment.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$;,-/yi 2 flats of 4 rooms each, near several
lines of ears; Green st. ; 25x88:6; rents $264 per ■
annum, always rented • j
RESIDENCE LOTS ON ASHBURY HEIGHTS. I
$75 per foot— Lots any size; 106:3 feet deep;
Ashbury st.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS. \
$35 per foot — Lots, any frontage, by a depth
of 115 feet, on Army st.. only half a block from
Mission st.; all ready to build on; these are the
cheapest lots In San Francisco.
LOT VERY CHEAP.
$250 — A snap on account of the- owner having |
to leave the city; level lot, 50:11x114, on Dun- j
can st. j
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate j
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city. •
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS
105 Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
A splendid investment; business property;
Washington St., near Front; rented now for
$60 per month; could be increased; price. $6500.
Three-story tenement building containing IS
rooms, in good location, could easily be made
to pay $30 per month; price, $2000.
Near Park panhandle; modern fla,ts; rented
for $60; price. $6250; a fine buy.
Buchanan, near Post; old improvements; lot
27x92; price, $4500: lot alone worth $3500.
Natoma, near Ninth; 4 flats; rented for $48;
price, $50(K).
Fine Mission residence: 7 large rooms: lot
50x125; magnificent view: price, only $6000.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A block of land only one block from Mis-
sion st. : will exchange for residence or business
property and will assume mortgage; property-
clear.
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
$3500- NW cor. in Presidio Heights: 37:6x100.
32(»1O— North Clay, near Spruce; 25x127.
,*23>y>— Green, near Scott: 27x12".
$14f>0— 24th, near Vicksburg; 25x100.
$1100- XE. corner in Mission; 33x75; cheap.
$i:,n,v --,\r,4: 25th. near Castro.
|800— near Church: 25x114.
WILL BUILD. WILL BUILD.
We will build to suit purchaser on any of the
above lots on very easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
lr.R Montgomery street. San Francisco, Cal.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
636 Market St.
IMPROVED.
$10,500— Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
jUOO— Hayes, nr. Franklin: 27:6x120 to Linden
aye.
$8000 — Golden Gate aye.. nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats. 13 rooms: rent $57.
J7soO— California, nr. Leaven worth; 23x117:6;
3-story bay-window house, with rear cottage;
rents 562. ?■
16250— Broadway, nr. Kearny: 20x.i:6.
$3500— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100. ...
t&SOO—Cbr. Hryant and Zoe; 35^97:6. ;- \
K-00O— I^agSi nr. - Pierce; .25x137;6; cottage; 6
rooms and oath.
— Ma.^on, nr. Green; 30x69; 3-story house;
11 rome and bath.
$2200 aye., nr. Point Lobos; cottage.
$2000 — 24th st.. nr. Noe; 25:11x114; cottage; 5
rooms and bath.
$1400 Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; improved.
{.y>oo— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
V stable.
$1500— Salmon, nr. Pacific and Mason; 20x60;
rent $20.
UN IMPROVED.
$«000— Union, nr. Webster; £7:6x77:6.
$4600— Scott, nr Washington; 25x115.
37th and Capp; 32:6x11".
25x120; Boye and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
10; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$2SM — Oak, nr. Devisadero; 2.'x92.
Jll r «v-Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
22:llx(<0; Lombard, nr. Pierce: 5 lots.
23x137:6; Pierce, nr. Lombard; 2 lots.
Ashbury and l^th; 3 lots, 25x95 each.
' $500— Eighth aye., nr. L St.. S. S. F. ; 120x100.
GO out to-day, your day oft, and take a look
at that new 6-room and bath cottage in the
Heyman tract. It is for sale— and for sale, ;
too. on your regular ren». money terms. As
it is now, if you are a renter, the landlord
gives yau nothing; if you buy from us we
give you a fine house and lot for your rent
money. Modern up-to-date houses, fine neigh- i
borhood : graded and sewered street and handy :
to street cars. By taking Missinn-st. cars j
transferring to 22d St., to Hoffman aye. and i
asking for Mr. James Cotter, resident agent, ;
you can see what they are like. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery Pt., will give all
particulars.
ONE block of fine level land; 1 block from \
electric road; suitable for chicken ranch or
rialry; at a bargain; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St.
26:6x100— CORNER Noe and 23d; fine business I
corner; all street work done; easy payments. !
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$50 AND upward— Buiding lots in all parts of
the city: close to car lines; $5 monthly. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery St.
$50 DOWN and Jl3 35 monthly will buy a new i
4-room and bath cottage, just built, with !
level lot; convenient to carp; good neighbor-
hood: 5 already sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
$100— LOTS In Sunset District on $5 monthly
payments. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
$1275— BAY-WINDOW cottage of 6 rooms, bath. ]
brick foundation, etc. : stone walks, R»--.vere !
and fine street: good location: 1 block from
cars; house can't be built for $1750; cheapest
little home in California: see it and be con- j
vinced.
$4150— RENTS $45; well-built 3-Btory flat? in
good part of the city; cost over $5000 to build;
street bitumlnlzed and everything In fine
chape; a very choice Investment.
DETERMINED to sell; no fair offer will he
refused: choice full-sized lot on Oak St., nr.
Panhandle; would be cheap at $2250: owner
will sacrifice anything to raise money; see
this lot and make your proposition.
TWO elegant residences on Pacific Heights of
12 ani 16 rooms each: full particulars at of- j
flee. HERMAN MURPHY, G2S Market st.
Js7ifi-('HEAP at $7000: 2 modern flats of 6
and 7 rooms; Golden Gate aye.
$1600— Stanvan St.. near Frederick 25x10, :6
$700— Cbeas corner on Clement st 32:6x100
$650-? th aye.. nr. I St.: very cheap.. ... 2f.x120 i
ENGLISH X- MORRISSBY, 838 Market st.
$250— Fine corner. 609K100, 1 block from Ingleside !
Track and near electric cars; make offer;
must bpII. Address R.. box 114. Call Of floe.
$27™ CHEAPEST lot on Haight st. : near Mar- i
ket; 25x100; reduced from fShiA. Address R.,
box r.4. Call Offloa.
$JOOO— CORNER lot, with a large house, near
narrow and broad gauge crossing, Oakland.
Address F . 2422 Polk Ht., San Francisco^
17J1 f\*t et.. near Huchanan; 10 rooms
and bath; all modern improvements; mort- .
gfige for J3300 can remain; 25x137:6.
two— Cheapest; marine view; lot on Pa- j
rifle Heights. Jackson, near Octavia; 40x ,
127:R4. DAVID STERN & SONS, JO Mont-
gomery st.
$SMO— ELKGANT new house, Just completed.
806 Shrader st., 2 blocks south of Haight;
contains 8 rooms and bath: elegantly finish- !
»d throughout: house open; terms easy; own- |
•] premises.
V< IR SALE— Cheap, on easy terms, a new s-
room cottage and hath, at 3252 Folsom «t. ; \
owner on premises from 10 to 4 p. m. Sunday, i
ELEGANT building site, corner South IJrod-
erick and Buent Vista aye., two blocks south j
from Haight and Bak»r sts: the only point
from which can be obtained a view of the j
entire city, bay and surrounding counties, j \
DR. C. E. FARNUM. 305 Parrott building.
FOR sale — Choice business property; rents for j
$200; NW corner Mission and Spear sts.; 45:10 ■
x 77:6. H. BCHWERIN. KM Clay st
IF you intend building, let me submit an esti-
mate with plens, etc.; no charge; best of ref-
erences, bonds, etr. W. W. REDNAU* I
builder, 1326 Hayes st.
CITY RE »X ESTATES.
MADISON & BURKS, Real Estate Agents;
established 1SS&; 626 Market st.
Several business investments, from $40,000 to
jr.u.oon. in downtown property; call at office
for particulars.
57000— Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 34:10x111; on west side Howard, near 24th.
$io. soo— Jackson st., near Devisadero; 2 mod-
ern houses; 9 rooms and bath; lot 44x157:3.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch et., near 7th and
Howard; 25x112.
Must be sold; 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; price reduced from $9000 to $72oO;
make offer.
3 flats, inside of Larkln, nr. Geary: new; lat-
est improvements; good-size lot; centrally lo-
cated; rents $110 per month, paying over S
per oent net; a rare opportunity for a good
investment; price $12,500.
$4500— Bus); st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$2700— Church St., near Twenty-first; cottage
S rooms snd bath; lot 26x120.
$2000— House and large stable; Twenty-fifth
St., near Douglass; lot 50x114.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25xS0.
$2,100— Shipley St., near 4th; large house; lot
25x75.
$2000— East st.. near Baker; cottage and lot;
27:6x137:6.
We have a large list of cottages at less than
cost that must be sold for benefit of loan asso-
ciations; call at office for permit to inspect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent._ .-,,,-
s7soo— lCth. bet. Sanchez and Noe; u0x103:6.
Corner, only $2200; California and Locust sts.;
"Residence: corner lot: NE cor. of Bush and
Lyon sts.: 25x100; price $3000 : make offer.
Near corner Leavenworth an.l Sacramento;
37:Gx78:ll; elegant location for Hats; *2i>ufc
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:5.
}2iMo— 2sth st., west of Diamond; Soxll4.
51751 Union, n--ar Webster; 2:>xl00.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Fourth aye.. near Point Lobos; 2oxlZo.
$900— California St., near Twelfth a\e. ; 2oxlOO.
$300—2 lots on B St.. near 35th aye.
MADISON .fc BURKE. 626 Market St.
TT'li-V ri'i'KK, removed to 403 Pine at., opp.
the Nevada Bank building.
$4000— Only $10"<> cash wanted; balance on
mortgage at low Interest; Folsom St., near
Uth; house 2-story. S rooms and bath; lot 28x
l'Hi t<> street in rear, with stable.
$4200, reduced from $5000— A strictly modern
built cottage of 6 elegant, rooms, bath, etc.;
fronting Panhandle Park: only 4 years built;
building alone cost over $1000; lot 25x137:6.
$14, unO— Three 2-story and basement bay-
window houses, 7 rooms and bath each; on
Haight st.. near Fillmore; lot 55x137:6.
$700 each— 2 lots. 3;i:4xlOO each, near Twenty-
fourth st.. Potrero.
$l£n)— only $I'KM cash wanted, balance on
mortgage can remain; lot on Seventeenth st.,
near Folsom, 24x100. improved; a snap.
$17 000— A prominent corner property In West-
ern Addition; store, flat, separate dwelling and
stable; rent $130.
{2700— Renting at $2S; two 2-story houses, near
Pacific and Taylor sts. : always rented.
jsir.'.o- Renting at $65; two 2-story stylish, high
basement bouses; 8 rooms and bath each; lot
83x96H; In prominent part of the Western Addi-
tion; a BQap,
1 . A magnificent double flat of modern
construction, on a corner, opposite Panhandle
Park; rent $67 50.
$Kofl<i— Renting at $160; a nearly new 3»*-story
modern built apartment house of 42 rooms; 6
baths and other modern conveniences; lot 44
fgl 8; a splendid investment.
Only 2 left of 2-story and basement double
flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; near Sixth and
Bryant sts.: renting at $25; for sale at $2406
each: the biggest bargain out.
$lf...'<X>— Fine McAlllster-st. property; rent
$130; 2 stores below; 2 flats upstairs and large
lot: best business portion of the street.
$15.000 — Downtown business property; rent
$170; 2 stores below and lodgings upstairs.
At a reduction to $5950 rrom $6500. rent $60.
4 flats of 4 and G rooms; lot 28x125 feet to rear
street; on Geary St., near Devtsadero.
At a reduction to $6150; rent $47; a business
property, fine 3-story house on Geary st.,
one block from Fillmore; store and ro.. Ins be-
low and two separate flats upstairs; paying
over 9. per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elegant business corner.
'■ paying good rent, and is sure to improve to
; $50,000.
SHOO— Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100;
', on Installments very cheap.
I 'NLMPROVED.
$550— Noe St., near Thirtieth, 30x112.
$3103 — Fine corner lot on Fillmore.
$800— Noe St.. near Thirtieth: lot 36:6x75.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR.
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains'. Easiest Terms'.
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Misslon-st. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS 1 .
$400. $450 to $850; graded officially; superb
! view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400, $450 to $800; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
0350 to $1800: choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
C C BEMI^
' REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
eeventh sts. ; clo&e to electric road.
$5000— G»od corner for store;- must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet. ' , .
$6700—60x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Page st. ; panhandle ot park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Eare-aln— Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
•t. 109x95 feet. ___.
NEW 5-room cottage; a beauty; easy rental
terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market si.
FOR sale— University Mound Tract, lot 2. block
116; 100x120 feet. JOS. LAWLER, 652 Fifth
St., or 2545 Seventeenth et. :
BIG bargain— modern Western Addition flats,
000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postof flee box 2495.
MONEY TO LOAJT.
MONEiTtO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture at 2% per cent. -
Insurance at cut rates. —
— : Special Bargains -
15 rooms, Sutter St., clears $50 $400
16 rooms. . elegant furniture, only 450
23 rooms, central, paying house.. 450
24 rooms, rent $7:. (new), payments... — 1500
25 rooms, central (new), payments.... 800
WINSTON _ co., 646 .Market st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
• probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ________
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
tereßt; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
I HAVE $3000 to loan on country property.
HUGH M. CAMERON, Real Estate and Loan
Broker, 479 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
■ ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval- low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. ISO Powell st.
OO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established 1869.
ANY sum Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
; bate. etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
i any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
city and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc.J___! HY ' fi2S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SjXTH] 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry.
539 HAVES ST.— Branch office of Call.
Subscriptions and ads taketij
FfNANCIAL.
MUST~naTe~?IOOO; 1 per cent; security, countr/
real estate. Box 2048, Call office.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE interest and borrow from theCUTRATE
LOAN OFFICE, 2? Mason St.; private rooms
TYPEWRIT 1 : It S .
YOST good order, $25; send for sample work,
BCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery at,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$3000-Th:rd aye.. near Clement St.; cot- I
tage containing 5 rooms, bath. etc.; drive-
way to rear of lot; lot 25x120. I
$25.000— Splendid .Hyde-st. corner invest-
ment; handsome brick and frame improve-
ments; rented for $237 50 per month; large
lot. . ■'.
$2750— Foreclosure sale: Bryant st.. near.
Fourth; 2-s=tory house-of 9 rooms and bath;
this Is a snap; call at once particulars. ;
. $3000--Rent $31; 2 flats of 5 rooms each, ■'
and also rear house of 3 rooms; lot 2jxo; i
good renting locality. . - ;
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$29,000— Rent $2200 per annum: within a
few minutes' walk from corner of Market
and Powell sts. ; • handsome new * 4-story j
.-building; store and lodging house. •
$5000— Terms $1000 cash, balance In easy
monthly Installments; be3t -bargain in the
ity; brand new 2-story bay-window resi- ;
dence of 8 rooms, bath "and all modern im- 1
provements; In Park Panhandle District,
within a block of Golden Gate Park.
$11,000— offer wanted; ': handsome new j
modern residence of 14 rooms and all mod- ;
' em conveniences: Gough-st. corner, con-
venient to Paclflc-ave.: cars.. 
$5000— Rent $48 .per month: Stevenson st.,
near Hermann and Market; good 3-story
bay-window building, containing 3 flats of
6 rooms and bath each; In splendid repair.
$3100— Assessed for over $3200; house cost
$3500 to build; Jersey st., closevto Castro
and 24th st. cars; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x114; rents $31.
A SnXp. C\
$3500— Rent $50; Natoma St., "not far from .
6tn: lot 25x75: Improvenments consist of 3- j
Btory building containing flats. .y; ■<■
$3000— Rent $2G; 3 flats on Castro et.. near
25th: lot 25xS0; flats - containing 4 and 5
' rooms and bath each; this Is a splendid
offer.
MODERN FLATS— WOULD EXCHANGE.
Mortgage $6000: corner on Pacific
Heights, facing Alta Plaza; will take va-
cant lots for equity.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
' '10 Montgomery st.
COUXTRY REAL ESTATE.
O.^ffTuMBSE
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery : st.
" $250- For 15 acres in the Oak Wood Colony
Tract, near Red Bluff, Tehama County.
$stK>— 2 1 acres good fruit and vegetable land,
with house, barn, etc, near Haywards.
$5 per acre — acres good sugar pine land in
Plumas County, near Big Meadows; estimated
50.000,000 feet.
! $2000— 21% acres, near Colfax: air out in
orchard, with good i.ouse and other improve-
ments, with the stock and tools.
$2000 — 40 acres, near Colfax; 2.1 acres in orch-
ard; all can be cultivated; small house, barn
and some tools. •
Sugar Beet Land— have fine sugar beet
land in Contra Costa; San Benito and Monterey
counties; particulars -at office. .
Call or send ior our new circular.
DO YOU WANT
A Fruit, Grain or_Grazing Ranch?
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less thim foreclosure prices
IN CAPAY VALLEY.
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
•M miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
SS'A acres near Winters $17 50 per acre
2030 ncres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
160% acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre
105 acres near Winters $22 50 per acre
131 acres near Madison $30 0" per acre
320 acres near Winters $30 00 per acre
161V2 acres near Capay $4'J W P er acre
ALSO
1280 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
480 acres near Merritts $16 50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnigan $11 00 per acre
—ALSO
1105 acres near Willows $27 50 per acre
800 acres near Anderson, Sacra-
mento Rlvei bntom $16 50 per acre
GRAZING LAND.
529?% acres flanking Capay Valley. s4 ofl per acre
452n ncres flnnklng Capay Valley. s2 75 per acre
3768 acres adjoining Capay Val. s2 25 per acre
2SOO ncres adjoining Capay Val. s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff $2 00 per acre
McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
SWEENY RANCH,
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles I). Sweeny in tracts of 100
acres or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and
vegetables; plenty of water; this property
immediately adjoins Redwood City and is only
one hours ride from San Francisco: suitable
for small home farms; prices below all former
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON, ELDRi'GE & CO.,
638 Market ft, San Francisco.
Or cur branch office at Redwood Clt>\
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice sub-
divisions of 10 to 20 acres each In the New-
hall & Wise tract, which we offer at ex-
tremely low prices and on very easy terms;
small cash payment; balance monthly; one
and a half miles from Mountain View station.
Apply for full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
(38 Market San Francisco.
Or WOOSTER it WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
]f>2 ACRES in Sonoma County; 15 acres choice
bearing fruit; living stream through tract;
5-room house. goo<l barn and other buildings;
all implements; livestock; all situate close to
school and railroad; might exchange; bargain
at $3260.
At cloverdale. in the noted citrus belt; 216
acres; 2 acres bearing orchard, 2" acres vine-
yard, balance grain and pasture; go..d tim-
ber; fenced: good 6-room house, barn and
other buildings; a winery th;U rust $6000; this
choice ranch must U- Bold; satisfactory rea-
sons; price only $10,000; part cash.
640 acres fine redwood timber land In Men-
docirio County, near P. o. : title perfect;
owner must have money quick; price S- 50 an
acre. Call or address Pacific COAST KX-
CHANGE, 12C6 Market St., rooms !< anil li).
$1650 — HALF" cash: 15-acre villa home; Santa
Cruz Mountains, near Los <iat"s; hard-fin-
lshe.l house; 4 acres prunes; running water;
ideal place.
$16"/0— 3S-acre poultry farm, near Petaluma;
stock, tools, everything goes; very cheap
place. I. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery St.
$.", DOWN, $ r > monthly, no interest, no taxes,
for fine K'-ncre tracts of fruit land nrar Au-
burn. Pia'-er County; over 7".v acres sold.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St.
PASTURAGE, pasturage— 2o.ooo acres and up-
ward for rent at 10c i» v acre and upward.
Apply for particulars to McAFEE BROS., ldb
Montgomery st.
$250 — Rare chance; 160 acres homestead; 6 miles
from railroad at I'klah: cabin and garden;
fine climate and spring; near school; X"'"l
fruit and pasture land and enough oak tim-
ber to pay for the land twice over. Address
R.. box 114. Call Office.
$1000— A 10-acre fruit and poultry farm: all
level, valley lan<* near town and landing at
station; common house, barn and well; all in
bearing almond orchard. Address R.. box
114. Call Office.
RUSSIAN River Valley lan.ls; near Healds-
burg, Sonoma County; 10 acres In vines and
orchard; fine well and windmill; 3-room cot-
tage: 7 acres adjoining, partly in \ines;cheap;
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st., S. F.
SMALL Improved country home, adjoining
nice town, for sale at half its value; easy
terms. SHORES & SNOW, 330 Pine St.
38- ACRE ranch in Sonoma County; worth
$3000; will sell for $2000. E. E. BUNCE. 90S
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished <,r un-
fqrnishfld. Apply BM Turk st.
SANTA clara Valley. 80 acres assorted fruit;
25 acres prunes and grapes; 5 acres prunes.
J. T. DUNN, Call building, San Francisco.
FOR SALE in Colma, Pan Mateo County, 5
acres of land for cemetery: convenient to the
Southern Pacific and S. F. & S. M. electric
cars. Address J. c. Station L., city.
MILL VALLEY— For sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished: very reasonable; lot 50x150. Ad-
dress box 884. Call Office.
IN Pan Mateo. store and six living rooms;
largo lot; will rent furnished or unfurnished.
GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny st..
$fi,-,0— 7 ACRES near Petaluma: small house,
stable and 3 chicken-houses; horso, cart, fur-
niture, tools and Implements.
$2500—40 acres, Santa Cruz County; 12 acres
vines, 6 acres fruit: fine trout stream; plenty
of wood: 2-story house, 2 cottages, barn,
packing-house, etc. ; farm tools.
Many other bargains: call for list GAMAN
& LYON. 215 Kearny st.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co., Cal.
FOR sale— l3 r ) acre?: fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk, Mendoclno Count" consisting of the NE.
V*. of SW. V t of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKF.RS, Navarre. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE
beautTful homes in larkspur.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
STORAGE.
AT low rates^Furnlture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DIN«;KE.
»01 Broadway, Oakland.
$i,-,00 New modern house in course of con-
struction; Vernon Heights, near electric cars;
8 rooms and all late conveniences; large lot;
sunny exposure: fine view; easy terms. WIL-
LIAM J. DINGEE, Wl Broadway, corner Eighth j
St., Oakland.
$4250— A house in East Oakland; sold 3 years !
ago for $6500 cash; fine modern house of 9 i
rooms; 2 baths, porcelain; finest plumbing; !
very convenient location; large lot, stable, etc.;
2 lines of electric ears; 5 minutes to Broadway;
easy terms; $70" cash; $3500 mortgage. WIL-
LIAM J. DINOBB, 901 Broadway, corner
Eighth St., Oakland.
$32.*0— 5 acres in Haywards; facing 2 streets;
2 acres in fruit; first-class land; house of 7
rooms; barn, windmill and tank; all fenced and
cross fenced; 6 blocks from school and S blocks
from DOBtofflce; fine place to raise fancy poul-
try WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 901 Broadway,
corner Eighth St., Oakland.
TRADE— IS 2 acres; 7 miles from San Jose; 25
acres fruit; great health location; $6000
trade. C. K. KING. 002 Broadway, Oakland.
40 acres near Santa Rosa; level land; partly
Improved; cheap for cash. C. K. KING. 902
Broadway, Oakland.
10 ACRES Sunol: 7-room house: good orchard;
very cheap; part cash. V. K. KING, &U2
Broadway, Oakland. ______^
7 B.CRES Ha.-, wards: $1300; house and barn.
C. K. KING". 902 Broadway, Oakland.
5 acres. HaywardTi *'200. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
J27:". WILL buy a building lot: small but cen-
, tral and desirable. HUGH M. CAMERON,
I 47» Ninth st.. Oakland.
$1150— Cosy home tor sal.i: cottage of 5 rooms,
with high basement and lot 50x173 feet; all
in fruit trees and berries; close to electric
$1600 — Cottage of a rooms and bath; lot
1 40x100 feet In Golden Gate; on monthly pay-
I inents of $10 and Interest.
$2750 New modern S-roomed house in
choice residence location near Lake Merritt;
high ground: tine view; house never occu-
pied. HUGH M CAMERON. Real Estate
Broker, 179 Ninth »t., Oakland.
SPLENDID new 8-room modern house; new;
never occupied; all conveniences; lot 40x12:,; j
on macadamized street, close to cars and to j
business center Of Oakland; price $3200; terms, I
$2'« i cash, balance monthly: might exchange, i
C. P. KERN, 1010 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
MBO WILL build a new 3-room cottage, with
lot r,iixl2.".. in the Alvin Tract, fronting Elm-
hurst station; local trains and electric cars;
$l>s down. IS monthly. JACOB HETMAN, 11
Montgomery st
$1600— AT a sacrifice; co-t $2200; new and sub-
stantial cottage, 0 rooms, with bath, on lot
:(.",> 114 next to cor. Twenty-third aye., Oak-
land;' make offer: small payment. Address
box 771. Call oftlc ■•
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch.
or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent.
$7". for a fine lot; $3 cash. $5 monthly; build
your own home, or we will build it for you;
payments as rent.
1125 for a nice lot and barn; $10. $5 monthly;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 3 electric
car lines and fine school near; streets all
graded some macadamized: soil, climate and
view the best. Call or send for circular, 459
Ninth st bet. Washington and Broadway,
Oakland.' H. Z. JONES, Owner.
F< Ul sale rent or exchange— House of 25 room.;
can be had furnished if desired: lot 40x160;
half cash, balance , .in remain. MRS. SMITH.
821 Market St., Oakland.
OAK LAXI> ROOMS.
FIFTEENTH. Upper floor, 3 large sunny
housek'g rooms,' bath, grounds, central: $20.
OAKLAND Ft KM II HI FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap j
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 |
Eleventh St., Oakland. ,
FHUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$3250-BEAUTIFUL new ' 2-stnry house of 7 1
rooms; large reception hail; fine mantel; elec- j
trie wires; gas fixtures; porcelain bath; j
nickel plumbing; cement basement; large lot; ]
street work and cement sidewalk all done; I
excellent location: as owner is going East,
will make a quick sale. H. A. PLEITNER, ;
Fruitvale Station. ■ ' , .-'. - .
MODERN cottage of 5 rooms' and bath;
fine mantel; 7-foot basement; chicken-houses;
lot 76x146; only -half a block' from Fruitvale
aye. H. A. PLKITNER. Fruitvale Station.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms .and 2 rooms In
basement; stable: chicken-houses; fruit trees;
corner lot. 150x125: all fenced. H. A. PLEIT-
NKR. Fruitvale Station. '■' . ■
$850— HOUSE of 5 rooms; good well and force
pump: barn; 2 chicken-houses; fruit trees;
shrubbery; hothouse; lot 75x10*: all fem.i.u,
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$500— CHOICE, corner lot. 100x125; all fenced;
good location; close to school. H. A. PLEIT-
' NER, Fruitvale Station, Cal. . ■
$1300 — HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; barn;
chicken-house; fruit trees; lot 100x105; all
fenced; near station. H. A. PLEITNER,
Fruitvale Station, Cal. - "y ..^
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
spiiciAirNOTicrr *
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST j.IKE PAYING RENT.
$1200; $1700. $1800. $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages,' which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installment*, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. r. 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to dat«;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay st. station, Alameda. and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$5500— New 2-story residence: 6 large rooms:
modern; cor. lot. 50x150; near Maatic Station;
part cash, bal. , Installments. 735 R. R. aye.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO lET.~
TO LET— New cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lawn, flower garden and orchard; lovely
place. 1532 Ninth st., near Mastlck station;
$1D; water free; ground cared for.
BERKELEY REAL —STATE.
SEE these at once: new and modern 6. 7 and 8
room houses. 3 blocks east of station at
North Berkeley; splendid view and great bar-
gain"- will l sell for mOO, $310-1 and $3200; j-mall
.:.sh payment, balance monthly. See owner
and property at 1427 Spruce St., Berkeley.^
$17V>- FOR sale— Near the university; house of
' 7 rooms- fine lot: street work all done; a
thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real
estate. Berkeley Station.
\ GREAT bargain— For sale, 2 acres only four
blocks from station; $650 per acre. O. G.
MAT A CO.. ;123 Center St.. Berkeley.
PHOPERTY TO JEXCtUJEGE.
EXCHANGES.
100 ranches ami 250 business places for sale
• or exchange.
4 flats and 1 store for ranch $8,000
4 flats in Los Angeles, corner, for 8. F. 8.000
3 flats in city; fine corner; other propty 12.500
12-room house, lot 125x235, for S F.., IJ.OOO
6 houses in Berkeley; S in Oakland; 10 inS.F.
WHAT HAVE YOf TO OFFER.
\tt. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opposite ."th. S. F.
\ PAYING saloon on Market st.. $2500. for a
ranch; a good lodging house, net income $74 a
month $1000, for small residence; will pay.
Call or address Pacific Coast Exchange.
rootna S and W, UM Market at
PAYING property in good Interior town to ex-
change for city property. Improved or unim-
proved; value wGw. MRS. M. AVIENY. 1394
Vallejo' st.
rJOOD business property In Portland. Or., will
be exchanged on liberal terms for property
in or near San Francisco. Address BLUMKX-
THAL & HANLY, 1051 Washington et., Oak-
land.
TO exchange- 2 blocks, each 200x200. In Mar-
tinez Cal. value $4000, for S. F. real estate;
will pay a ensh difference if city property is
valued "over $4000. Rox 1509, Call office.
To Exchange— San Jose city property: write
for description. 215 Valencia st.. San Fran.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To buy a cottage, 4 or 5 rooms,
high basement: state price. Box 2'i4O, Call.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers, within ten montha
after the first publication of this notice, to the
Kald executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
SON CO., No. 400 Market St., the same being
her place for the transaction of the business
■ of the said estate in the Cltv and County of
San Francisco. State of California.
ANNA E. JOHNSON,
Executrix of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, February 24. 189 S.
J. A. STEPHENS.
Attorney for Executrix, Clans Spreckelt build-
ing.
HOUSES TO LET.
A NO. 1 house, 1719 Post st. : 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35. Apply SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FURNISHED house. 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest improvements; furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437, Call office.
GLEN PARK, 36. off Twelfth at.— 7 rooms,
bath, laundry; 2 yards; $25. DEMPSTER.
JESSIE. 462, between Fifth and Sixth— House
of 6 rooms.
MCALLISTER, 81S— Sunny house, 8 rooms;
front and rear garden: rent reduced $35.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence; 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements; $35 :
PHYSICIANS and dentists— 922 Geary St.; 7
rooma, bath, etc.: latest improvements; loca-
tion first class; vacant April 1. Apply MADI-
BON A BURKE.
STEA'ENSON, 2:.3, bet. Third and Fourth-
House of 8 or 12 rooms; reasonable.
WASHINGTON, 2917, near Devlsadero— Sunny,
1 rooms, bath, large yard. etc. ; flrst-clase lo-
cation; rent low. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
6-ROOM house, bath and basement. $11; Laurel
aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT. 14 Post st.
$10— HOUSE of 3 rooms; large basement. HO
Rose aye., bet. Gough and OctavfaL '
$27 50— 2-STORY house. 7 rooms, bath; cellar;
yard. 481 Ilaight st.
$15— (TrOOMS. bath. 4226 Eighteenth St., near
Diamond; close to Castro-st. cars.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
i:fpSl6UT27?6~s<unny belt— Parlor floor 5 nice-
ly furnished rooms; ever}- convenience for
housekeeping: piano: bath; gardensj_s2s.
NICELY furnished house of E rooms and bath,
large ground, etc.; near station; rent $2j.
1910 University aye.. East Berkley. _____
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; privl-
lege renting premises. Box 1145. Call ofnce.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHATTANOOGA, 27— Nice sunny cottage five
rooms and a bath. __
CHEAP; cottage; large sta-ble and chicken-
houses. EASTON & ELDRIDGE. 638 Market.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms, bath and gas; rent $15.
223 Clippper St., bet. Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth.
Nli'K cottage, 4 rooms, basement and yard, 7
Victor st. Inquire 941 Bryant st.
SI'NNY cottage, 5 rooms, only $1".. 1114 Broad-
way, near Jones st. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Et. _____
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 15th St.. nr. Dolores.
$Tl— COTTAGE, 5 rooms. 3385 Twenty-sixth St.,
near Mission.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED sunny corner flat of 5 rooms,
with bath, for rent for 6 months to respon-
sible party. Box 2163, Call (_____
PACIFIC aye., 1614- Comfortable furnished
sunny 6-room flat, bath; ref.; reasonable.
GEARY, 1522— Newly furnished sunny upper
flat of 4 rooms.
FLATS TO LET.
A— slo; 4-ROOM flat; 10 days free.
A— sl2; 5-room new cottage; 20 days free.
A— slB: 5-room cottage, t»eary and Van Ness
aye. 10 new flats cheap. At SPECK & CO.'S,
002 Market st.
4 AND 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny;
attractive view; on Twelfth St. and Glen Park
aye • $12, $13, $14. $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER,
Z6 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
CASTRO, 640 — Two lovely new modern 6-room
lats: hath; yard; basement; iv.
CHEAP rent— Flats, 3 and -i rooms. $6 and $7;
very convenient; 15 and 21 Victor st. In-
quire 941 Bryant st.
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms. $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5.
FIFTEENTH, -17«. bet. Market and Noe— s
rooms and bath. $14.
OROVE, 141-Near City Hall, lower and top
fiat. 5 and 6 rooms; bath.
HAIGHT, W*— Upper flat, 7 rooms, bath, base-
ment, etc.; very cheap.
HAMPTON pL, 3, off Folsom. bet. 2d and 3d—
3 sunny bay-window rooms; yard; basement.
JOOST aye. 42 — 4 rooms, sunny side; upper.
|S: lower. HO, The McCarthy Co.. 646 Market.
JUST finished that beautiful 6-room flat on the
sunny corner of Ninth and Harrison sts., a.l
modeVn conveniences; rent cheap; premises
open Sunday from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW and modern lower flat. 6 rooms, bath.
li»17 Devisadero St., near California.
NINETEENTH 3«80, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6-room
flat; modern; $18; water free.
NINETEENTH. 4222, near Castro— sl2 50; beau-
tiful upper flat, 4 rooms, bath and wash
room; yard, etc.
f-'UVNY corner flat, 5 rooms, $17; inside flat
with bath. $15; newly painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms: rent $14. 220
Laussell aye., bet. Fillmore and Steiner.
BUTTER, 2425 — Upper part house; 5 rooms,
bath; rent $13.
HO; FLAT of 4 sunny rooms: gas, bath. Corner
Twenty-fourth and Vicksburg sts.. Twenty-
second-street cars pass the dOCT.
$13— NICE sunny flat, .". rooms: bath, gas and
yard. 3!<30 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$14— TO let, flat of 4 rooms and bath, with
stanl* for 2 horses. 2410 Harrison St.. bet.
20th and 21st. __
$17- FLAT. 6 rooms, bath; modern. 1448 Va-
lencia st., near Twenty-fifth.
$13— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat:
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
BO— CHEAPEST flat in city; 8 rooms, bath.
SWM Valencia st.. near Seventeenth.
« 2 9 50— FLAT 5 rooms, bath. 127 Ash aye., bet.
Polk and Van Ness aye.. McAllister, Fulton.
HOISEKEEPING ROOMS.
BVRTLETT, 414, near Twenty-fifth— 3 sunny
rooms; sinkroom; bath; nicely furnished; hot
water supplied; rent $12.
IH'ENA VISTA aye., 15, near corner Baker and
Haight— 2 sunny furnished housekpg rooms.
CASTRO, 405, rear— 3 or 2 nice sunny unfur-
nluhed rooms; large yard; stable; cheap.
CENTRAL, 52 Second— Single rooms and light
housekeeping; week, $1, $2 50; day. 25c. 50c.
DIAMOND, 51fi— 3 large funny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: bay window; bath;
price $9: Castro or Twenty-fourth-st. cars.
EDDY, 915—4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas range; fine location; private residence.
ELGIN PARK. 36. off Thirteenth St.— 3 or 4
large sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
running water; every convenience; refer-
ences.
ELLIS and Van Ness, southwest cor.— 3 back
sunny rooms suitable for housekeeping.
FIFTH 309—1 or 2 sunny bay-window bed-
rooms; connecting kitchen; complete; Ist floor.
FIFTH. 344- Nicely furnished sunny front room
and kitchen for housekpg, $10 mo. : singU-. $4.
FILLMORE 2308— Room and kitchen furnished
or partly furnished: private family; rent low.
FOLSOM 646 - - Large front bay-window
room: gas stove, bath and running water.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; also single.
FOURTH, 411—3 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, $11 a month: others. $5 a month up.
FK<>NT, 1128>4— Suite furnished for light house-
keeping; water; stove; bath; $10.
GEARY 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050-2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single:
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
GROVE 202, corner Van Ness— Sunny unfur-
nished' 3-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD 525— 3 completely furnished rooms
for housekpg, $12 mo. ; no objection^ children^
HOWARD 623—2 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping. $10 month: single rooms $6 up.
HOWARD 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
rooms; first floor; housekeeping and single.
HOWARD. S3l— 3 or 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping; cheap to right Party.
HCAVARI>!~I2I4— 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
JESSIE. 446 — 3 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing. $12 month; single rooms, $5.
LEWIS IS. off Taylor, nr. Post— Room and
kitchen; furnished or unf urn. ;" reasonable.
MINNA 454— Front sunny room and connect-
ing kitchen complete for housekpg. $10 mo.
MISSION, 561, near Second— Bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1241— Bay-window floor front, back
parlor and kitchen; finely furnished.
MISSION. 1317— Pleasant unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
I HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
' MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry:
: low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.,
, NINTH, Well-furnished sunny front room
.-.and kitchen, $12. month; running, water; bath.
NINETEENTH, 3334, near Howard— Furnished
parlor, bedroom • and kitchen, $14.
OCTAVIA, v 1403. corner Geary— Bay-window,
kitchen, gas stove, $12 up; other rooms.
PINE, 706V£— Fine large suit* of sunny fur-
nished roo.ms; ■ gas; fine view.
SHIPLEY, 232— Small back housekeeping room,
i $4 per month: sun all day. '
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms:
. '.nicely furnished for housekeeping.
' ; STEVENSON, 1204—2 sunny unfurnished rooms,
I $4 per month.
SUNNY, furnished Bitting room, bedroom and
kitchen; use of bath; near the park; no chil-
dren. Address box 2050, Call office.
j TAYLOR. 108— Sunny bedroom and kitchen,
complete, $12 mo. ; also sunny bay-window
. suite. " ' ■..■■■
TAYLOR. 131—3 large light sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath; single if desired.
I TEH AM 717— Nice sunny furnished room;
housekeeping for one; with stove; $4.
TENTH. 111, near Market— 2 nicely furnished
Bunny housekeeping rooms: also other rooms.
THIRD, 309—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms, $8: also other rooms.
THIRD,' 44SVS— Nice sunny • comfortable house-
keeping rooms: rent reasonable.
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished sunny rooms suit-
[ 1 able for housekeeping. •
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3404. near Valencia— Two
sunny front rooms; furnished for housekeep-
ing; $10. . ;
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Suite of 3 sunny rooms.
$22 50. .
$10— Two large, ■ sunny, furnished rooms for
housekeeping. 786 Folsom st.
i $10— Sunny suite; complete for housekeeping;
large yard. 839 Mission st. • ' \
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:SO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
| tions and want ads taken.
SOOMS TO LET,
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
j ALTON, 204 McAllister — sunny, large
! front and single rooms, $6 month up; bath;
gas.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given. :
BRADY. 44, off Market— Flat 3 unfurnished
rooms; cheap small family.
CLIFFORD. Ellis and Mason— suites
and single rooms for families and tourists;
prices reasonable. Telephone Red 1361.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman, $5 50. . ...
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
50c to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, — Large well furnished front room;
also large sunny back room; reasonable.
i FAIR OAKS, 94, corner Twenty-second, above
Guerrero— Sunny front furnished room, $4;
cars pass door. ________
FELL, Furnished back 1 parlor.
FELL, 462, near Laguna— Nice, single, sunny
room; rent $5. - -
— — — -
FIFTH, Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FIFTH, 314— 51 week, large sunny furnished
room, closet, bath: private. '
FILLMORE. 2214V- One large and small sunny
rooms; $3 and $5. ' ■
I FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl per week; fur-
nished rooms.
GEARY. 11l- Nice newly furnished rooms to
let; terms reasonable.
GEARY, 611— Large sunny room, $8.
GEARY, 622- Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble rooms; Lath, gas; reasonable.
GEARY. Sii Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping suite and single room.
GEARY, 625— Nicely furnished front room; also
single: running water, bath and gas.
GOLDEN GATE, 437— Large sunny back par- j
lor: also nice bedrooms; $7 month up. |
GROVE, a*— A furnished sunny front room,
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
HAIGHT, 41W.,— Sunny front corner suite; sin-
gle room, comfortably furnished: reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 M to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 946— Nice large single rooms, with
use of bath. $5 a month up.
HATES S3*— Lovely, large sunny front room,
$10 month: single, $5; housekeeping if de-
sired; modern.
HOWARD, 624— Nicely furnished large sunny
front room for 2; rent reasonable; bath.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO room*;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, ;*Si* — By day. week or month: 25c.
30c. 75c and $1 per day: $5 to $15 per month.
HYDE, 416 — Nicely furnished sunny bay-win- i
dow room; bath:' also sunny back room; reas.
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board; j
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON.
JoNES, 60C— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, $10 month; bath and gas.
JONES, 1705, near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
LEIDESDORFF, 116—3 light sunny rooms; well
furnished: private; rent reasonable.
LINDEN AYE.. 231— Flat of 4 rooms and bath.
Apply 32S Fell st.
MrALLISTER, 40S— Small furnished room;
rent $4.
McALLISTER, 511— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath; $S month; 2 gentlemen.
McALLISTER. 515— Nicely furnished front
suite: $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MINNA, 28— Furnished rooms to let, 50c per
week.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 a week.
MISSION. 1165— Sunny room, with board, $12
per month.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 a month: also house-
keeping. __
OAK. 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2: nice location.
OiTAVIA. 316— Newly furnished sunny front
room, and single, $6 month up; bath and gas^
O'FARRKLU 53.=> i*— Large front room, fur-
nished or unfurnished; cheap.^
POLK, 919— A newly furnished sunny parlor
floor of 4 rooms; will rent as whole or single.
PHIL\DF.LPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms:
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunnv suites
and singly rooms: reasonable: transient.
Powell" 509— Two nicely furnished sunny!
looms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen, j
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SITTING and bedroom, furnished, for gentle-
man; only $4 a month; references required.
G. D. H., box WJt, Call office.
SIXTH, 136— Nice sunny bay-window room, $10
per month; bath and gas.
SOUTH PARK. 80— Sunny bay-window front
room in private family; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms; j
suite or single; day, week or month: baths; ;
hot and cold water; transient: elevator.
SUTTER, 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unrurn. ; choice and sunny; reasonable.
Tin; RANDOLPH, 501 Post, corner Mason— so
bay-window parlors; 'smaller rooms: water;
pas: $1 50 to $4 60 week: $~> to $20 month,
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
HYDEpT^— Front sunny bay-window room,
gas, bath, running water, breakfast, $10 mo.
HYDeT" 1105— Large front sunny bay-window
room. gas. bath, running water, first-class
board. $20 month.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
MISSION. 1317- Pleasant front room, with
washing and mending, for gentleman. $8 mo.
O'FARRELL, 816, near Larkin— Sunny rooms;
board; private family: references.
VAN NESS, 21S— Lovely sunny rooms with ele-
gant board for 2 or 3; In private family:
reasonable.
UNION, 1014 — Large front alcove room; board
optional; reasonable.
van* NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure: building new; all mod-
ern conveniences; newly furnished; elegant
for gentleman; board optional. Apply at 808
Van Ness aye.
JIMMER RESORTS^
HOTEL Mount View now open to visitors, for
guests April 1; conveyance will meet the 11:30
o'clock boat from city at Ross. For terms
and particulars address MISS HUTCHINSON,
Ross, Barm County.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; best uf care: terms reason-
able; references if required. 1034 McA^lster.
WANTED— One or two rhiMreri to board. 64
Shipley St. ; terms reasonable.
ENGLISH widow would like 2 t-hildres to
board or 2 working girls. 51 Clara st.
GERMAN lady wishes 2 or 3 children to board:
motherly care; moderate. 1334 Turk st.
PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with
family without children; excellent care;
healthy locality: reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON. Glen Ellen, (.'al
STORES TO LET.
A LARGE new and modern corner sto-e aid
basement situate Ninth and Harrison sts. ;
being a transfer point, this is a fine location
for retail business.
CORNER store. 1620 Eddy St., with stable;
suitable for laundry, vegetable business, etc.:
rent $20. Apply 3PECK * CO., 602_Market.
STOKE to let, southwest corner Fell and La-
guna sts. ; rent reduced.
FACTORIES TO LET-
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Farjro's Express-
Second floor: power available for straw
works, paper box. shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
STAULES TO LET.
STABLE for rent cheap; 106 Linden are. In-
<iuir»- L's3 Turk *t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARET
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898. with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano Is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address Is 526 Haye3 st.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can bo
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3; $4, $5, 6. $7. $8. $9.
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos —
Ronlsch $ 1 2*>
Mathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co 20>)
Cameron 259
Byron Mauzy J0»
BYRON MAUZY, pianos, 308-312 Post St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano t">
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell.
AN elegant Hardman and Chase Bros, piano;
both in perfort order; offered this mornlnff
at great bargains. THE J. DEWING CO.,
s nd floor Flood building.
IF you want a bargain in a piano call at
Mauvais', 769 Market St.: agency for the cele-
brated DECKER & SON pianos.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent pian;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post St.
ADMINISTRATORS sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market «t.
UPRIGHT piano for sale: good condition;
chenp for cash. 915 Post st.
PIANOFORTE: square grand; a bargain; $60;
cost $200. 130 Seventh st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
$325— FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter st., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; secqad-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNARE pianns; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. IJ7 Beale at.
ASK to see the $12 solitaire diamond ring; asi
to see the $n solitaire diamond ring, at
UNCLE HARRIS" 15 Grant ave^
SECOND-HAND windmill for sale cheap. In-
quire at 721 Folsom st. H. BULLWINKEL.
FOR sale— Bargain; fine upright Conrad piano;
cost $500; going East. 14118 Folsom st.
FULL-LENGTH fur-lined storm coat for lady;
less than half value. 811 Market st.
BABY carriage, almost new, hood top, $3 50.
94 Fair Oaks, cor. Twenty-second.
YOUNG first Jersey cow and heifer calf. 23«
Dore st
FOR sale— s2s: a pair of thoroughbred collls
dogs: pedigree given. FRANK A. A VERY.
Brooklyn Hotel, San Francisco.
PACIFIC incubator. 35<i eggs; perfect condition;
$12, cost $50^ 102S Sanchez st.
« HORSE-POWER steam engine; cheap.
DONOHUE & KERDELL. 134 Sutter st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HI F-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Second-hand Brunswick-Balke-Col-
lender billiard table, in first-class condition.
Apply 1368 Geary st.
LARGE dog for sale; Newfoundland. Call in
bakery. Twenty-fourth st., between York and
Hampshire.
FIRST-CLASS large windmill: 2 large new
tanks; brass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
(iN'i-: largf fireproof safe, one burglar-proof
safe for sale cheap. Address box 2047. Call.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission St.
PICTURE framing, complete, with glass 7x9
inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x
lfi, 20c; 14x1", 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24.
45c: curtain poles, complete, 15c; room mold-
ing, all colors, lc per foot: portraits enlarged,
60c; open evenings. JONES, 547 Mission st.
LAUNDRY engines, dynamos, electrical goods;
new & 2d-hand. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
HANDSOME new 15-foot oak bar and back
bar; cheap. 512 Bush st.
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, cheap;
with extra seat. Box 1444, Call office.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and se?-
end hand J. NOONAV. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-har.d
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY. Kentucky, '97: bonded warehouse.
San Francisco; 39c pallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belt* And
pump. H. S. WHITE, 518 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than,
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
S\FES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records. So per dos. :
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt^
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk ar.d safe cheap. 101 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
I FOR sale cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe.
at 42 Main st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 20i Fourth st.
LOST.
$5 REWARD for those mns'cal testimonial*,
introduction letters and indorsements of Mme.
EMILY E. LASSAUGUE, all in her name,
lost Feb. 26 last; $5; no further reward will
be offered. Apply to KOHLER & l'HaiE, ?H
O'FarrelJ St., Ban Francisco.
LOST— A gray feather boa, on Third and Mar-
ket sta. Return to Call office.
MARCH 10— Lady's gold watch; monogram M.
A. X.: reward. 724 Vi Market »t., room 1
LOST— On or about February 9, gold three-leaf
clover pin: 3 diamonds in each leaf; $20 re-
ward. 912 Guerrero st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
. and - Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
s.'nam'e of JOHN JOSEPH WISEMAN JR.. No.
'■ 217,942. The finder will please return to bank.
TUESDAY evening, lady's gold watch and fob;
monogram . both sides; reward. . 1922 Leaven- ;
worth st. - . : -:• ,:, '...;■. ■: /
■' •; ■'' '•; :■ ' :' . FO 11^^^^^^^^ '
FOUND— A Great Dane; can V have ' / same ■' by
proving property and paying expenses. Ap-
ply 1609 Fillmore st.. between 5 and 6 p. m.
'; V; :-,-;• PHYSICIANS. ; ; :■:___■-;_''
• DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office ■ amd residenct,
i 1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
ff^iMMaii4iß>iiiMi ■ ■ irim nii^Miiwuiiii tpiiJWi 'iiian'r i hi mi pi mm !»■ i i
1314
EDI CATION At.
HEALP'S Business College.. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch- j
en; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100
graduates placed unce IV": catal igue.
AYBES' Business College, 723 Market st ;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing.
I lokkeeplng. telegraphy, etc.; life s.hoiar- ,
ship. 150; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mm-;
lTir mecb. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.; •
•■-t -04. VAN I'KK NAILEN. '.'..'. Market-!
KEEPING and rapid calculations; a^
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 866 Market st. j
SPANISH— Dally clauses, $3 a month. 4 to 9 i
p. m. Room 10, V. M C A building. j
MRS FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 60c a les-
fon. 914 O'Farrell st
PAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st. : 124 | • - ■ 108 In *97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day. night; : ; Market, op. Bth. !
GHTAR, mandolin, plnti" arid vocal lessons, !
P per month. MARY UKSTHAUS. 39 Fifth^
VOICE •'ulture. piano, Paris graduate; French, :
Spanish: new classes: 5- mo. 109 Taylor st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice, sale and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: k:nd sympathy and aid; sure relief, I
though else fail, delicacy, privacy, home, j
etc.; babies adopte.l; travelers treated; no j
deiay; self cure sent; call it write; free; con-
fidential. PR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister st.; pills. $2.
Kjnthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at on>e; safe
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement;
b°st care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1. ,
MRS. DR. WETTH, 918 Poet st . nr. Lark in.
J ■!■:>. GOODWIN, -I'M Van Nt;ss aye.— Ladles,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who :
uses Bchenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for j
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of "rsans. unex-
l". years' practice; maternity home;
kill, low fees, pills. ?'-'.
A SI "RE. safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best'
possible care; with prfvacj at home and con-
venience of a hospital; those si.'k or .liscour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case; .
they will find in her a tru.- friend. MRS.
DR. GWTER. 226 Turk st.
LADIES, Chlchester'a English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief fot Lfidies." letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla. ;
BURE cure, when others fail: no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
restore in 1 Any: never fails, consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, JlB Kearny; order? by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. Dlt.
AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Beguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2'- stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. ."31 X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: «nfe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. P.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister st.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. I>r Pliets: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 2.'.4' Fourth st. ■
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
HRfl PR. FT'NKF.. 1416 Bth at . Alan'.e.la.
DEKTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings. 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market st.. cor. Sixth; "Phone Jessie 1693.
A FULL Bet of teeth, Jo; see new flexible
plate..* lk;ht and thin: warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60c: crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. .
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates, $5; gold filling. 75c up; silver. 25c up;
plates mended. $1 up; open evenings and
Sundays. ?69 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
i>R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no harge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEIC. genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
pr.tentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
Sl3 Market st.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30, 31 and 32. fifth floor.
J. A TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg . 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
>'-NC. IS4I Polk St.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for School Books— Office of the
Board of Education, City Hall, San Fran-
cisco. March 12. 1898.
In accordance with resolutions adopted by the
Board of Education, and in compliance with
the law, «-;iled proposals will be received in
open session of the Board of Education, City
Hall, on WEDNESDAY, May 18, 1898, trom 8
to 8:30 o'clock p. m.. for supplying the pupils
In the public schools of this city and county
with suitable school text books in the follow-
ing-named branches: Drawing, Music, Busi-
ness Forms, Elementary French and German,
Bookkeeping and Supplementary Reading.
It Is proposed to change or readopt text books
on the foregoing subjects.
All biiis must be tor tour years; must state
the book or books oifere.i. and must be accom-
panied by a sample oi each book offered.
Bidders must give the wholesale price to deal-
ers of each book, and also the retail price of
each book in San Francisco.
Bidders are required to state on what terms,
in the event of their bids being accepted, they
will substitute such books for those now in use
V»J" 1 uplls.
Successful bidders must sign a contract and
file a good and sufficient bond in such amount
as may be designated by the Board of Educa-
tion.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, or any portion of any bid, as the
public good may require.
The parties to whom contracts aie awarded
■will be required, prior to or at the time of
execution ol the contracts, to pay cost of ad-
vertising. CHARLES W. WELCH.
Secretary.
PLANS and specifications Invited for an hos-
pital building — Clerk's office. Board of Super-
visors. San Francisco, March 12, IS&S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Boa. d of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications tor
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session ol trie Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, ISSS, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required an to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable in the construction
ot such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of. land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known ati and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshousi?
Tract." and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (55U)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.658 acres.
The sa.i<i plans and specifications to be so
prepared that. the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregat- the sum of three
hundred . thousand ($3U0,0O0) dollars, which
sum must cover- the entire expense for ■ the
erection and completion of the proposed
building, y
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of »ald building, the statute re-
quiring eight hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
paid building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter- '
tamed or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to ex< Bed '
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
i.i> per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to Insure the
completion and construction of the 6aid
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said -architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000. 1750 and $500 respectively, with. the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied In the plans
adopted may be used without' further cost. or
■*»««. : JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk. .
(JARFEI CLEAXIJVG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. 11. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send t" SPAULDINGS . Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.: tel. So. 40. j
.1. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating, j
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter; I
tel. Main 3i»4. GEO WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c. |
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Ml. St. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. B. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126. !
CARPET FOR SALE
10.000 YARDS carpets for sale, 15c per yard
and upward. Monarch Carpet ' Cleaning
__Works._lls Tenth st. Tel. Mint 1779.
B;C* i:i.ES.
~._,- . 1
WANTED — For cash, a Cleveland racer. No. 29. j
IS'.»7: must be In good condition. Box 2151.
_Call office.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Saturday. March 12.
Stmr Coquille River. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Saturday, March 12.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME— Mar Schr Glen, fm I
Port Blakeley.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Mar 12 at noon— Haw |
stmr San Mateo, from Port Los Angeles for :
Comox
EUREKA— Sailed Mar 12— Bktn Uncle John,
for San Pedro.
S\N PEDRO— Arrived Mar 12— Schr Ethel
Zane, from Olympla.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Mar 12-Schr
Eliza Miller, from Eureka;
POINT ARENA— Sailed Mar 12— Schr Bender)
Brothers, for San Francisco.
E/.STERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 12— Ship Cyrus j
Wakefleld, hence Nov 21.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GALWAY— Arrived Mar 9— Br ship Aberfoyle,
hence Nov 6.
SAIGON— port Feb 5— Fr bark Genevieve, I
foi Oregon.
S.\ I. A VERRY— Sailed Mar 10— Schr Bangor, |
for San Francisco.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 12— Stmr Lucania.
for Liverpool; stmr Patria, for Hamburg; str
Mlnnewaska, for London: stmr Werra, for
Naples: stmr Obdam, for Rotterdam: stmr
Ethlopa, for Glasgow; stmr Karmania, for |
Marseilles. !
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 12-Stmr j
Paris, from New York. I !
ROTTERDAM -Arrived Mar 12-Stmr Am-
sterdam, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SniIed Mar 12— Stmr Waes-
land. for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Mar 12--Stmr Campa-
nia, for New York; stmr Boyle, for New
York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Mar Stmr Bremen, for
New York.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tlenrv Broadcur and Minnie Escntln. 27— tt. '■
Thomas W. Hollis and Daisy Smith. 25—26.
William Whitney and Mamie Lincoln. 2S— 28.
1 F.lwln R Thomas and Emma Colvin, 25 — 21.
Wilfred Humphries and Georgia Kelly.2l-20. ;
| Samuel Bernstein Fanny Baum 35—26. '
BIBTHS—MABBIABES— DEATHS.
i Birth, marriage and death notices sent by !
. mall will not be inserted. They must be
! handed In at either of the publication offices
j and be Indorsed with the name and residence
| of persons authorized to have the same pub-
i lished.
BORN.
i ANDERSON— this city. March !>. 1898. to the j
i wife of A. C. Anderson, a daughter.
I ANDERSON— February 21. IS9S, to the wife of ,
N. Anderson, a daughter.
BROWN— In Oakland, March 5. 1898, to the
wife of Harry Brown, a daughter.
CROKER- In this city. March 8. IS9S. to the j
wife of George Croker, a daughter.
DICKSON— In this city. March 11. 1898. to the
wife of R. E. Dicks. .11. a daughter.
DELAHUNTY— In this city. March 11, IS9B. to !
the wife of I. S. Delahunty, a son.
GEISEL— In this city, March 11. 1898. to the j
wife of Paul Gelsel. ■■> son.
GREEN— In Lincoln, March 1. IS9S. to the wife
of J. L. Green, a son.
HAMMARQUIST— In this city. March 11, IS9R,
to the wife of G. C. Hammerquist. a son.
HENRY— March 3. IS9B, to the wife of W. A. ,
Henry, a daughter. U
LONERGAN— this city. March 2. IR9S. to the
wife of Thomas F. Lanergan, A daughter.
LOONEY— In this city. March 10, 1898, to the
wife of James J. Lootiey, a daughter.
McGRATH— In this city, March 7, 1898, to the |
wife of James McGrath, a son.
NESS— March 5, 1898, to the wife of Arthur
R. Ness, a daughter.
PITCHER— Eureka, March i, IS9S, to the i
wife of Benton A. Pitcher, a son.
RAYMOND— this city, February 19, 1898, to
the wife of Edgar F. Raymond, a son.
SARRAZIN— In Fairvlew, March 2, 1898, to the
wife Of John'Sarrazin, a daughter.
READE— In this city, March 11, IS9B, to the '
wife of J. B. Reade, a son.
SMALL— In this city. February 28, IBbo, to the
wife Of Frank P. Small, a sqn.
=
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— In Auburn, March 5.
1898, by 3. H. Wills. J. P., Nickels Conrad
Anderson and Laura Horr.
BIRD— DUREIN— In Alameda March 10, IS9S. |
by the Rev. C. E. Rich, John Urban Bird and I
Katie Durein.
CASTLEBERRY— SMITH— Auburn, March '
4. IS9B, by J. H. Wills. J. P.. Richard A. Cas-
tleberry and Cordle Smith.
HADLOCK— CALVIN— In this city, March 9,
IS9S, by the Rev. John Stephens. Waiver A.
Hadlock. and Minnie Calvin, both of Oak-
land. . -r./■r ./■- ■ '..
IRELAND— OSMOND— In Auburn. March 8. :
IS9B. by J. H. Wills, J. P.. Fred .Moor Ire- j
land and Rosetta Osmond.
MILLER— STILES— In this city. March 2, IS9B, |
by the Rev. John Stephens. M. Elmer Miller
of Greenwood. B. C, and Alice Stiles of San
Francisco.
ROETIIER— WALSH— In Oakland, March 9, '
1898. by the R->v. Dr. E. R. Dille. Charles J. (
Roether of Marysville and Maggie D. Walsh
of 'u.kland.
STEPHENSON — TOWLE — In ■ Sacramento,
March 9. 1898, by the Rev. \V. S. Hoskinson,
Dr. H. H. Stephenson and Ora H. Towle. . :■.'-.'
STETSON— BEAVER— In Oakland, March 3, ,
IS9S. by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle. Franklin
Furber Stetson and Irene Beaver, both ot
Los Angeles, Cal.
SHEPHERD - FLINTGER —In Greenwood,
March 5. 1808, by L. E. P. La Chance. J. P.,
George W. Shepherd and Carrie M. Flintger.
VEGHTE— GREEN— In Oakland, March 9, 1898, i
by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle, William H.
Veghte and Mary J. Green, both of San
Francisco.
WINSEL— OTT— In Oakland, March S. 189S, by
the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle, Charles Winsel of
Los Angeles and Bertha L. Ott of Oakland.
DIED.
Adams. Gordon L. Lacross, George
Bailey. Wilmott F. Lyon. Walter A.
Blanco, Genoveve Murray. John H.
Bulger, Capt. Martin Moreaii. Frank
Cheatham. James Mainwarlng, Harry
Cahill, Michael R. O'Connor, Catherine
Connama. Helen I. O'Hara. Thomas
Crowley. Cornelius Oxner, George
Doane. Samuel B. Paul. Thomas F.
Earl, Eugene Richardson, John
Fischer, Charles Rooney, John
Gillon. Patrick .T. Roich, Anna
Goetting, Robert M. Sambertrant, F.
Giorgi. Llnlo Sands, Mary
Helm. Mary O. Stumpf. Joseph
Hermlda, Augustine Schwabacher Fred
Jenkins. Margaret M. Stone, Ed F.
Jeffers, Robert . Smith. Samuel
Kruger. Ferdinand Trost, Antone T.
Kelly, Joseph P. Terndrup, Thomas S. j
Killackey. Sarah Warren (infant)
Lavillan, Harry C. Whalen. Bridget
Lacey. Michael Walsh. Mary J "•■;•..
ADAMS— In this city, March 12, IS9B, Gordon i
L., beloved son of H. G. and Ella-Adams, a
native of San Francisco, aged 7 months and
1 day.
BAILEY— In this city. March 11, 1898, Wil- |
mott F., beloved husband of Denlse, # and son I
of Mary and the late Byron Balley.'a native
of Massachusetts, aged 45 years.
(CTFriend? are respectfully Invited to at-
tend th* funeral services . this day (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at Howard M. E. Church, !
Howard street, between Second and Third
BLANCO— In this city. March 11, ISOS; G*no-
veve, youngest child of Katie and Manuel i
Blanco, aged 3 years 3 months arid 8 days.
BULGER— In this city. March 11. 1898. Captain !
Martin Bulger, beloved husband of Mary A.,
and father of Thomas D., John X.. James K.
and Emma F. Bulger, a native of Brooklyn,
.\ V., aged 69 years. (Brooklyn, N. , V..
Eagle please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl- 1
dence, 734 Ashbury street, ' thence to St. !
Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated j
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10 \
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S AS-
sociation — Officers and members are requested
to assemble at headquarter? to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 9 o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Martin Bulger. ■ '
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
JAMES PENNYCOOK. Recording Seo.
CHEATH AM— ln this city, - March 10, IS9S.
James cheatham, beloved father- cf James
F., William J., George. Thonias and Albert
Cheatham and Mrs. Thomas Irvin, a native
of England, aged G5 years.
IC^Frieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resf-
dence, 2014 Taylor street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. _ -
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CAIX, STTXDAT, MARCH 13, 1898.
CAHILL— In this city, March 11, 1898, Michael
R., beloved husband of Mary Cahlll. father
of Josephine and Robert Cahill, and brother
of Jeremiah and l>aniel Cahill. a native of
BaJlybunion, County Kerry, Ireland, aged
44 years.
ICT'Notlee of funeral hereafter.
CONNAMA— In this city, March 12. 189 S. Helen
Irene, dearly beloved daughter of Bernard
and Hannah I'onnama, and sister of Ber-
nard. Lizzie, Annie, John. Etta, Harry, Mar-
guerite, Laura and Walter I'onnama and
Mrs. W. B. Forsyth, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 months and 11 days.
CROWLEY— In this city. March 11. 1898, Corne-
lius, beloved husband of Barbara Crowley.
father of John. Cornelius. Nathaniel, Daniel,
Joseph, Catherine and Agnes Crowley, Mrs.
G. Deal. Mrs. J. Tobin and Mrs. Hayes, and
brother of Mrs. Kate Bragg, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 77 years.
Cs"Friendt; and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 334 Third street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOANE— In San Carloa, San Mateo County,
March 11, ISiiS. Samuel Brown Doane, a na-
tive of Boston. Mass., aged 51 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 11:15 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, San Carlos. Train leaves Third and
Tuwnsend streets depot at 10 a. m.
EARL— In this city, March 11, lSyB. Eugene,
only son of D. W. and Helen B. Earl, a na-
tive of Sacramento, Cal., aged 40 years.
CFriends are respectfully invltid to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day) at 10 o'clock, at the residence. 2121 La-
guna street. Interment private, in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by the 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
FISCHER— In this city. March 11, IS9S. Charles,
dearly beloved husband <>f Mathilda Fischer,
and father of Annie and Charles Fischer, a
native of Germany, aged 4S years 11 months
and 5 days. A member of Olympic Lodge
No. 127. A. O. V. W.
ET'Eriends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i Sunday), at 2 o'clock, I'rom his late resi-
dence, l?!2't'2 Sanchez street, between Array
and Twenty-seventh. Interment I>aurel Hill
i temetery.
GILLON— In this city, March 11. 189S, Patrick
J., beloved husband of Julia A. Gillon, a
native of Ireland, aped SO years.
(C7*Frlends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew * English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Brlgid's Church. Van Ness avenue
.nnd Broadway, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
( 'rose < "emetery.
GIORGI— In this city. March 11. IS9B, Linio
Olorgi, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Oiorgi, a native of Switzerland, aged 48
years 10 months ai.il 80 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:90 O'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 238 Sixth street, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall, under the auspices of Morse Lodpe No.
! 7, I O. O. F., thence to Laurel Hill Ceme-
Lerj
GOETTING— In this city. March 12. IS9S. of
diphtheria. Robert Mitchell, dearly beloved
son of Charles and Fannie L. Goetting, a na-
tive of Pan Francisco, aged 7 years and 4
nmnths.
HELM— In this city. March 11. 189 S. Mary 0.,
wife of the late George Helm, a native of
England, aged 87 years 10 months and 8
d»ys.
(C7'Fri<?nds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the im, oral to-morrow (Monday), at 9:15
o'clock, from her late residence, 640 Haight
street. Interment private.
HERMIDA- In this city. March 12. IS9S. Au-
gust in«" Louis, beloved husband of Adellna
[lermlda, and father of Mrs. L. Hamm and
David, Enmnuel. Juan and Eugenia Her-
mlda, a native of Cuenca, Equador, aged 59
y^ar G months and ?y? y days
JENKINS Tn this city. Mnrch 10. IWS. Mar-
garet May, beloved wife of William Jenkins,
loving mother of Aileen. Greville, Lester and
Norman Jenkins, sister of Mrs. Annie Monet,
and daughter of P. and the late Mrs. Nora
Carrol] of Portland, or., a native of E;ist
Portland, Or., aged 2". years i< months and 10
days
li_^*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteml the funero] this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California I'ndertaklng Company. VIZ
Stockton street, corner of Geary, thence to
St Francis Church, corner Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue, where services will be
held commencing at S:3U o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
JEFFERS— In this city, March 12. IS3S. Robert
Jeftcrs. husband ot the late Elizabeth, and
father of Katie and William H. Jeffers. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged i<\j years and 11 months.
(T7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 913 Greenwich street, thence to Kt.
Francis church, where a high, requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at U o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Associa-
tion— Funeral Notice The detail from Clar-
ence Carey to August Engelke. inclusive,
will assemble at their hnll to-morrow (Mon-
day),) at 9 o'clock, to pay the hist tribute of
respect to our late brother. Robert Jeffers.
A CAMPBELL. President.
F. E. DI'RHAM. Rec. Secretary.
KRUGER— In Oakland, March 12. 1898. Ferdi-
nand, beloved husband of Mary Kruger, a
native of Hamburg. Germany, aged 60 years
S months and 3 days.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. s2l Magnolia street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, March 11, IS9B. Joseph
P.. beloved son of Hurry M. and the late
Alice E. Kelly, and brother of Alphonsine
Kelly, a native of Sun Francisco, aged 2
years 2 monlhs and 11 days.
KILLACKEY— In this city. March 11, IS9S.
Sarah Killackey, a ntitlve of Burr, Kings
County, Ireland. 1 New York and Kings
County, Ireland, papers please copy.)
£7" lnterment private.
LAVILLAN— In this city. March 12. 1898, Harry
C. Lavillan, a native of Pan Francisco, aged
19 years.
LACEY— In this city, March 11. IS9S. Michael,
beloved husband of Margaret Laeey. father
Of Annie and Eddie Laeey. and brother of
Patrick, Edward, George and Thomas Laeey.
a native of Innisboffin Island, County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 4,1 years.
(it? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invite.j to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. SOl Twenty-second street. Potrero.
thence to St. Theresa's church, where a sol-
emn requiem m;iss will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at S:3O o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LACROSS— In the City and County Hospital.
March 12. 189 S. George Laeross, a native of
New York. aKe<i SO years.
LYON— Suddenly, at Hotel Vnn Nuys. I>os An-
geles, Cal., of neuralgia of the heart, Walter
A Lyon of New York City, N. Y.
MURRAY— In Oakland. March 11. ISPS, John
H., beloved husband of Dora Murray, and
father of Ruth Murray, a native of New
York, aged 43 years 9 months and 11 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sundaay), at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, 1723 Thirteenth street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
MOREAU— In this city. March 12. 1898, Frank,
beloved husband of Mary Moreau. a native
of Missouri, aged 38 years 2 months and 12
days.
!C^ Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr A Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MAINWARING— In thie city, March 12. 189 S.
Harry S., beloved son of Edward C. Main-
waring, a native of California, aged 5 years
and S months.
O'CONNOR— In this city. March 11. 1898. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Owen O'Connor, mother
.of Mrs. C. P. Twiirgs. Mrs. Blrde Josephs
and John M. O'Connor, and rlster of John
D. Brosnan. Mrs. Ellen Arling and the late
Michael Brosnan. a native of the parish of
Hirlcs. County Kerry, Ireland, aged Bu years.
(Savannah, Ga.. papers please copy.)
lO"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:.1« o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 118 Sheridan street, off Ninth, be-
tween Fols im and Harrison, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
f"r the repose ( ,f her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'HARA— In Seattle, January' 31. 1593. Thomas
O'Hara. aged 60 years
OXNER— In Antioch. March 9. IS9S. George
Oxner, a native of New York, aged 59 years.
PAUL— In this city, March 10. 189*. Thomas
Francis, beloved son «l Mnria P. Paul, and
brother of Mrs. 11. Schaffner, Mrs. C. H.
Small and Robert H. Paul, a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years 3 months and 15
day -3.
tt?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteml the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4O8& Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church. Mission street, between
Third and Fourth, where services will be
held at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— Officers and members of Pioneer
Council No. 1. Young Men's Institute, are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Thomas F. Paul, this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from his late
resilience. HK% Natoma street. Fines will
be strictly enforced for non-attendance.
P. J. HAGAN. President.
J. J. BORDEN. Rec. Sec.
RICHARDSON— In this city, March 10, ISPS.
John, beloved husband of Emma Richardson,
and father of Agnes and John Richardson.
Mrs. Sen ton and Mrs Frank Smith, a na-
tive oi Glasgow, Scotland, aged i>3 years.
(ClTFrienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Trinity Pres-
byterian Church, corner Twenty-third and
Capp streets. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
ROONEY— In the City and County Hospital,
March 12. ISSB, John Rooney, a native of Ire-
land, aged .46 years.
ROICII— In this city, March 12. IS9B. Anna,
beloved wife of Enrico Roich. beloved mother
of Giuseppe Rolch and Anna Wolf inee
Itoich), and nrtrur-ln-law of Rtccardo \Volf.
a native of Lesina. Dalmatia. Austria, aged
60 years.
(nTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2918 Laguna street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of . her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SAMBERTRANT— In this city. March 10. 1898,
Francolß, beloved husband of Nellie Sam-
bertrant, father of Frankie, Rosle and John-
nie Sambertrant. and brother-in-law of Wil-
liam Keegan and Frank Monahan, a native
of France, aged 43 yenrs 1 month and 10
days. (Lowell. Mass., papers please copy.)
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 90S Montgomery street, thence
. to French Church, where services will be
held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SANDS— In this city. March 11. 1898, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Antone Sands, and
dearly beloved mother of Joseph and Eman-
uol Sands, Michael and Maggie Kennedy,
Mrs. A. Weitner. Mrs. M. Sheridan and the
late Mrs. Kate Both, a native of County
Cork, Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 106 Vi Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
STUMPF— In this city, March 10, 18D8, Joseph,
beloved husband of Nemesia Stumpf. and
. father of Mary Stumpf, a native of Baiern,
Germany, aged 47 years 4 months and 3 days.
(CyFriends und acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:80 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz. 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to St. Boniface Church. Uolden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHWABACHEK- In Seattle. Wash.. March
10, 1898. Fred, dearly beloved son of Abraham
and Sarah Schwabacher, and brother of
Louis A. Sehwabacher. Mrs. Charles W. Ro-
senhaum and Mina A., Sam and Edgar
Schwahacher, aged 23 years 6 months and 2
days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:15 o'clock, from the residence
of A. Schwabacher, northwest corner of
Jackson and Laguna streets. Interment Home
of Pt-ace Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 2:45 o'clock.
Please omit flowers. v";
STONE— In: Auburn, March 4. 1898. Ed F.
Stone, a native of Auburn, aged 32 years.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital.
March 11. IS9B. Samuel Smith, a native of j
Pennsylvania, aged 60 years.
>ST— ln FerndaJe. March 6. 1898. Antone T.
Trost, a native of Germany, aged 72 years.
TKRNDRUP— In Ferndale, ■ March 6. 1898. :
Thomas S. Terndrup, a native of Denmark,
asred 40 years.
WARREX— In the City and County Hospital.
March 12. 189S, infant son of Mary Caroline
Warren, a native of California, uged 11 days.
WHALEN— this city. March 11. 1898. Brid-
get, beloved daughter of the late William and
the late Catherine Whalen. and sister of
Mrs. J. F. O'Hearn and Mrs. James Whalen.
a native of Ireland, aged 33 years.
{LTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at 10. o'clock, from St. Charles
Borromeo Church, corner Eighteenth and j
Bhotweil streets, thence to Menlo Park, by
the 10:40 o'clock train to Menlo Park, where
Interment will take place.
WALSH— In this city, March 10. 189S, Mary
Jano. belov«d wife of Walter J. Walsh, |
mother of Irene. Walter, Francis. Clarence, j
Grace. Elmer and Edna Walsh, daughter of i
Michael and Jane Finnegan. and sister of
M. E. Finn, Mr?. T. M. dibson and Peter and
the late Frank Finnegan. a native of Craugh-
well. County Galway, Ireland.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral this day [
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi- ,
dence. 320 Virginia avenue, off Mission street, i
between Tw.>nty-nlnth and Thirtieth, thence |
to Old St. Mary's College, where a requiem
high mass will be' celebrated for the repose of
her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. __^J.
IMcAVOY GALLAGHER,"" "ff°
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH BT., Opp. Lincoln School. 1
Telephone. South SO. ,^___ .'.
JAS. ENGLISH. . • T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van NesH aye., near Market St., San
Franclbco. Telephone So. IDS. ,
Estab. 1858 Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the usa
of out patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance
Will Arrive This Morning.
Two prominent n.:s.sionaries. to return
from a tour of ti ■ Orient, will arrive
this morning. C" isiderable excitement
has been nftaruteFted over the expected
arrival of Dr. ami Mrs. Baldwin from tilt-
Orient. Both arc well known in mission
ary Circles, m- being the general secre
tary of thn ,r;m'nr Missionary Society of
the Methodist Episcopal Church. They
return to-day from a six months" tour of
the misHiuu Held in China, Japan ami
Korea, They will speak to-day In several
of the churches, and a reception will lie
tendered them to-morrow evening at the
Central Methodist Church.
Stock Brewery Closed.
The old Stock Brewery, which recently
failed, has been bought out by the San
Francisco Brewers' Syndicate. The
stock and fixtures of the place will be
moved out and the brewery closed.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-1 14-th day of the
V> Winter Meeting, Saturday, March 12. 1898. Weatherfme. Track
fast.
: purse.
Index. Horses. '
Str.
. ' ' |
C 35 Recreation. 3 9415 ... SM 2 2 2 2 13 Clawson 2 8-5
i>B6 St. 4'alatine, 3 104 1 2 ... 1* lh lh !!U H. Martin ... 1 8-6
714 Califurnia. i 108 3 ... 3h 510 610 3 V*, ;Gray 4 7-2
468 Roaormonde, 1 94 1 ... 2Vt !h 3* 4 4 |.I. Woods .... 20 30
717 Satieoy, 8 99 4 ... 4 3 4h 4 1 6 15 IRuiz 60 6B
657 B<jnnle lone. A 99 6 ... 6 6 610 610 6 2 ;()Tnnnor .... 60 2W
668 Prince Blazes. 3. ...102 7 ... 7 7 7 7 Spencer 60 _ 200
Tlm»\ 1:16. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. t. by Morello-Picnic. Good start. Won
galloping.
OQ SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Index. Horses
',am.
721 Robalr. 4 10« 4 ... 2 1 2'A In 11 Conley 7-5 3-2
CU Mamie G, 5 Si 2 ... 6h 71 52 2>? Gray 8 8
'11 Paula 4.. . 101 1 ... 11l lh 2 2 3 2 Ruiz ! 60 70
70S* I'iit Murphy, fi 106 5 ... 4h 31 31 42 Clawson | 6 5
7ft» Howard, a 100 8 ... 8 1 S> 2 7 1 5 1 Hennmsjr — , 7 9
«75 BchnltZ, 6 100 3 ... Sh 4'i 6 4 6 6 (Stevens | 15 20
581 Alvin B. 4 901 9 ... 12 9 3 SI 7 h Uasslnger ....I 30 60
578 Florimel, 4 88il2 ... 15 H 3 i 10 1 S '* Wood* , 30 20
R«9 Nervoso, 6 10l'l3 ... 7 1 6 3 4 H 9 \ jO'Connor 50 100
70» Sutti.n 1... "10214 ... 14 12 1 111 10 1 Dorsey 6 6
820 Rlcardr. a.. 10«]6 ... 10 h 5h 9 2 112 IMc-Donaid ... lfi 13
6M Pleasantr.n. 4 9011 ... 11 h 13 12 2 12 Kelly } 100 150
703 La Mascota :. l(Wi' 7 ... 9\ 10 2 13 13 Powell 30 60
60S Tim Murphy a 98115 ... 5 1 14 14 14 McNlchols ... 30 3i>
KH QoM Bug, h linn) ... 13 15 IE. 15 G. WUaon ... 60 100
Time. 1:16. Winner. T. H. Ryan's br. h. by Imp. Rotherill-Merry Maiden. Good start.
Won first three driving.
TO/~k THIRD KACE— Four furlongs: two -year-olds; the Racing Stakes; value, $11*00.
l i_oniey
/-!
|Gray
RuU
Clawson
HentKMjr ....
iStevens
Basstnger
Woods
O'Connor ....
Dorsey
McDonald ...
Kelly
Powell
McNichols ...
G. Wilson ...
Index. Horses. Weight. |St. Urn. Km. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. jOp. Ci.
H'TS.'S
<711) Semicolon 102 4 ... ••■ 2 2H 2 3 lh
711 Buena Ventura 101 5 ... ... 11 12 2 2
711 Toluca 9s. 6 64 C 5 31
668 Frank Ireland 106 ... ... 5 1 5 3 4 3
4l» Honlbel 99 1 1 ... ... 4h 4h 5 4
(6SB) Oold Scratch .......104 2 3 h ?H 6 4
47S Distance 102 j .7 ... •-• * 1 7 7__
• Coupled with Bonlbel.
Time. 49Vi. Winner. J. T. Stewart's b. o. by Exile-Period,
three driving. - *
(711) SemlCQlon 102 4 ••• •■■ 22H 2 3 lh Spencer | 4 4
711 Buena Ventura 101 5 ••. ••• 11 12 2 2 E. Jones I 12 30
711 Tolura y.. i; ... ... 64 Co 31 Gray j 6 10
668 Frank Ireland 10613 ••• ••■ 5 1 5 3 4 3 T. Sloan 6-5 4-."
4i"hi linnibel . 9»l 1 ... ••• 4 h 4 h 5 4 Clawson 3 7-2
(USX) Gold Scratch 10412 ... •■• 3h 2\b 6 4 Thorpe • •
47S Distance 102 j 7 ... ... * 7 7 7 Conley | 15 50
4
I
(5
3
1
2
7
•
2 2V4
1 1
6 4
5 1
4 h
3 !>
7
2 3
1 2
C 5
v 3
4 h
3 hi
1 h
i 2
3 1
4 3
5 4
C 4 .
7
Spencer
E. Jones . . .
Gray
T. Sloan ...
Clawson ...
Thorpe
Conley
Good start.
... 4 4
... 12 30
... 6 10
... 6-r. 4-.-,
... 3 i-2
... 15 50
Won first
Q I FOI'RTH RACE— One mile: all ages; the Baldwin Hotel handicap: value. $1500.
<7n> Traverser. 3 111' 3 1 2\4 13 13 18 16 jThorpe 17-10 1-2
(691) Ostler Joe, 5 ll9i 4 22 21 2H 32 !Jj T. Sloan | 3 4
719 Flashlight. 6.. 11(1 1 3 1 415 410 425 3 li Hennessy ....! S 9
(13) Vinctnr. 6 . " "116 2 44 3h S3 25 420 [Conley 6 10
(623) Judge I'enny. s'.'.'.llQgl 6 S 6_ 5 5.5 11. Martin — ( 12 20
Time, 1:40-.. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's eh. c. by Imp. Rossington-Betsy Broeck.
Good start. Won easily.'
3
i 4
1
2
I 6
1 2\i
2 2
3 1
4 4
S
1 3
2 1
4 15
3 h
5
1 3
2 V 4
4 10
33*
5
1 8
3 2
4 25
2 5
6 ■
16.
2 ¥•
3 li
4 20
5
an
ssy ....
•10
3
S
6
12
1-2
-■■-■X
9
> 10
20
I
irtln '".'.'.
QQ FIFTH RAC
*-PjZ» purse. $400.
miles; selling;
four- year-olds and
upward;
(715) I^lncoln 11, 4.. . .1031 7
706 Rey Del Tierra. 4..1001 5
715 Serena. 5 95: 3
(699) Thelma. a . . 95 a
720 Lost OW, 4 101] I
71? Don Clarencio. ■i....100| 4
«H3 Walter J, 5. . . .. ..KM: 6
« »,
2 h
b *
1 IV4
3 1
41
6 b
2 h
6 y%
1 2
3 2
7
4 3
4 h
2 1*
m
6 H
5 4
3 1
lh
5 4
2 1
4 h
6 3
-7
. 3 2
1
*g
2 X
6 3
6 3
1 h IClawson
2 6 jT. Sloan
3 4 (Woods
4 4 Gray
5 4 E. Jones
C 10 O'Connor
' iMacklln
3 5
3
6
10
15
50
50
1-2
3
10
15
40
50
60
Time. I:u4^j. Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's eh. o. by Bramble-Mary M.
first three driving.
Good start.
Won
OO SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
.; purse, $350.
714 Belllcoso. 6 1
«h9 Mamie Scott, 6....
~il I'elxotto. 6
7H R y. BAN. 6......;
721 Sly. 4 ;
709 Sea Spray. 6
710 M!?s Ross, 5
207 San Mateo, 4 :
Yt-men, a ....
703 Roadwarmer. 5 ....
2 IVi
7 2
6 h
1 3
3 h
S h
9 1
4 1
5 1
10
2 2
7 1
6 ll
1 V 4
5 2
9 1
8 1
: 3 1 .■:*
4 h
10
1 3
4 2
7 i
2 2
6 2
5 hi
8 1-.
3 V 4 "
9
10
12
2 h
•i 3
4 I
6 Vi !
6 3
• : 7,2 .
• 8 1
9 6 I
10 i
:. Martin ...
"Connor
IcDonald ..
ines
ray.
1
I I*
10
15
6
• r 4
I 20
I 15
I . 15
4
! 50 4
50
pencer
I Brown ...
enneusy ....
lawson
eaton :■ .......I
Time, 1:15.
easily.
Winner. J. Naglee Burke • b. h. by Peel-Imp. Janet N. Good start. Won
COMING EAST
FOR TRAVERSER
The Chestnut Colt Falls
Heir to Another
Handicap.
Spencer Landed the Racing
Stake With Semi
colon.
Frank Ireland Was the Only Beaten
Favorite— Recreation Is in
Form.
The Baldwin Hotel handicap, if such
! it could be called, decided at Oakland
: yesterday over a mile, was another gift
for "Pa" Bradley's slashing colt Tray
; erser, carrying the Burns & Water
house colors. Traverser was origin
ally tossed in the race at 106 pounds.
I but Incurred a five pound penalty for
I capturing a stake only a few days
back, which made his weight 111. He
was a 1 to 2 choice in the betting, and
had only to gallop to win hands down,
doing the distance in 1:40% in the face
of a strong wind. The other entries
i were strictly up against it so far as
the adjustment of weights was con
j earned, and but four others started.
' Ostier Joe, packing 119 pounds, man
aged to take the middle money of the
i stake from Flashlight.
Favorites had things their own way,
five out of the six purses falling to
choices in the betting. The downfall
of Frank Ireland in the Racing stake
was a hard blow to the speculators, as
i the colt was heavily supported.
The first event decided, a six-furlong
| purse affair, was only a cakewalk for
the crack filly. Recreation. She was
played down from 8 to 5 to even money,
and though getting away from the bar
rier none too well ran circles around
| her field, winning easily from the sec
! ond choice, St. Calatine. California fin
ished in the show.
Tom Ryan's brown horse Robair was
I the goods in the six-furlong selling run
' next decided. He had nothing much
I to beat, and heading the 60 to 1 shot
! Santa Paula in the stretch won, ridden
j out, a scant length before Mamie G,
with Gray up. The latter came very
fast at the end, just managing to
1 snatch the place from Santa Paula.
The Racing selling stake for two
i year-olds, worth $700 to the winner, at
| four furlongs, resulted in a big upset.
■ The Corrigan entry Frank Ireland was
considered a certainty, and was sent to
the post a 4 to 5 chance. He was shut
j off soon after the start and was never
■ dangerous. The 30 to 1 shot Buena Ven
i tura set a merry clip into the stretch,
I where she was collared by Semicolon,
| with Spencer up, and beaten cleverly
by a neck. Toluca secured show
honors.
The talent sent Lincoln II to the post
an odds-on favorite for the mile and
a furlong run, and it took all the speed
and stamina the rhestnut horse pos
sessed to down Rey del Tlerra. who
had the benefit of Sloan's piloting. The
outsider, Thelma, with little Gray in
the saddle, led the field until three
furlongs from the stand, where Sloan
assumed the lead with his mount.
Clawson, on the favorite, then started
for the leader with a wet sail, and,
driving hard, won by a head in the
fast time of l:s4V<a. Serena landed in
the show.
The final six furlong sprint looked a
good thing for Bellicoso, with "Skeets"
Martin up, and Burkes big sprinter
closed a 9 to 10 favorite in the majority
c;f books. After a long delay Ferguson
released the barrier, and R. Q. Ban shot
out In the lead. The faint-hearted
sprinter held the front position to the
stretch, where the first choice assumed
command, and Martin experienced no
difficulty in winning easily by over a
length. Mamie Scott, at odds of 15 to
1, led Pelxotto over the line a head for
the place.
HORSE FLESH
PEDDLED IN
QUANTITIES
Again on the Market
According to Offi
cer Davis.
Is Sold to Various Local
Dealers for Sausage
Purposes.
First Handled by Chinamen,
by Whom the Bones Are
Removed.
TWO MEN UNDER WATCH
For Many Days the Chinese Quarter
Has Been Patrolled by the
Meat Inspector.
Beef is high, and horse meat is sold
at a very reasonable rate. Hence the
warning of the members of the Board
of Health to the general public, "Don't
eat sausage at any time or place."
Meat Inspector Davis is the authority
for stating that horse meat is again in
the market in large quantities, and
makes the thought of the possibility of
eating the meat all the more heart
breaking by stating that the carcasses
of worn-out horses are taken to the
Chinese, where it is "boned out" and
then sold to unsuspecting merchants.
For the past week Inspector Davis
has been holding down a tiresome beat
in Chinatown in the endeavor to catch
j the parties who were buying the horse
i flesh, and, although he was aware of
| the fact that the meat was sold, he
• was desirous of completing his chain of
evidence in the matter to make it all
the more certain of a conviction In the
| courts of both buyers and sellers.
In some portions of town the boned
out meat has been taken to butchers
j for sale, but some have refused the
| flesh, and plainly stated that they were
j of the opinion that the sausage filler
was not the flesh of either healthy or
diseased cattle, but a darkened and
prepared mass of old horse flesh. The
efforts of the health department has
been exerted to the extreme, but so far
I the buyers have not been detected, but
; a chain of evidence is wrapped around
1 the seller, which will evidently result
; in an exceedingly interesting trial in
, the courts. According to the statement
<>f Inspector Davis, it is almost impos
sible to detect the flesh of a horse from
j that of beef, with the exception that
when the whole carcass is examined it
is easy to see that the horse was pos
sessed of a set of eighteen ribs, whereas
the humble beef carried thro-ugh life a
burden with but thirteen sets for sup-
It was not generally known that Da
vis was so well advanced in matters of
i physiology, but, according to his own
sayings, he has made the matter a
1 careful study from the animal stand
point. There are two men under the
strict surveillance of the department.
They are, Anderson and Hubbard. who
have long been suspected of selling
horse meat to merchants throughout
"I will stop this sale of horse meat,"
; said Inspector Davis last evening, "if
I have to go for a month without any
; sleep. For night after night I have
i been watching Chinatown with the
| hope that I could discc-ver who was
j buying the meat, and then to follow the
sePers to the various markets where
J the flesh is distributed for the purpose
f>f sausage making. Although horse
flesh is a shade darker and of a coarser
grain than that of beef, it is almost im
possible to distinguish one from the
I other. Sausage is sold at a reasonable
j rate throughout the city, and beef is
i at the present time high on the scale, j
I Horse flesh is being sold for 1 cent and !
! V-2 cents per pound, and in consequence !
| quite a profit can be made on sausage ;
i which may taste as well as beef, but, !
! according to all reports, not as healthy. :
Anderson, on San Mateo road, is one
of the parties I am keeping my eye on,
and I think he knows it, for I have
been unable to catch him In his actions,
although I know he is a guilty .party.
•'The bay is full of the heads and
| limbs of horses which have been killed
! for market, but at times the remnants
| are taken to the fertilizers. I myself
1 would not even dare to eat a piece of
j sausage at the present time, as I know
I it Is prepared from horse meat in the
majority of instances. Many buyers have
; the flesh palmed off on them, but there
| are a few in the city who are buying
it and know what they are getting, and
are willing to take it from the fact that
the prc-fit on the sausage is made the
greater thereby.
"The butchers and sellers of these
| worn-out car-horses will soon meet
with a surprise which will make their
J hair stand, but just how long it will
| take to bring them to their senses and I
: keep the public from eating the flesh of
; the animal is a proposition that I am
at the present time unable to state.
; The carcasses of the butchered horses
i are taken to Chinatown and sold by
I thf> horse murderers to Chinamen.
| After that the bones are removed and
i the flesh Is sold for beef sausage. There
i are few men who can tell the differ
; ence in the two meats, and in conse
. nuence the public and detlers are
, placed at a distressing disadvantage by
! a few unscrupulous butchers. I am
j etill after them, however, and know
! that the result of investigation will be
j a benefit to all."
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
One Dose Will Stop a Coujrh.
Dr. Parkers Cough Cure never falls
try it; 25c. For sale by all drupgists. » '
Frederick Schwabacher Dead.
Frederick Schwabacher. son of A.
Schwabacher of 2100 Jackson street, this
city, died in Seattle last Thursday even
ing:. His death was very sudden and
came as a ereat shock to the many
friends he had in San Francisco and in
the north. He was with the firm of
Schwabacher Brothers of Seattle, and was
rapidly rising to a position of prominence
in the business world. «He was 23 years
old.
Dr. Wilson to Beturn.
Rev J. A. B. Wilson, who has been ill
for some time at Pasadena, and whose
life was despaired of at one time. Is ex
pected home Tuesday. During his ab-
»enc« his son. Bey. C. T. Wilson, has oc-
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
Entries for the Olympic's Road Race.
Crafts and Edwards at Vallejo.
The Olympic Club "Wheelmen will hold
a sealed handicap road race over the San
Leandro-Haywards course this morning
at 10 o'clock. The following- are the en
trants: J. E. Wing. E. F. Russ, George
Fuller, E. Stanley, J. Kingsley. E. O.
Kragness, H. Bean, L. M. Smith. W.Mac
kie. T. C. Meherin. E. Bozio, J. H. Nash,
I. Silverl.erg. \V. C. Corbett, H. R. Ray
nor. J. King. A. Cellier. Frank W. Fuller
and Charles Albert Adams.
The Imperial and Acme club's will have
a joint run by boat to V&llejp to-day, to
witness the match race between J. E.
Edwards (I. C. C). and G. H. Crafts
(Acme), at ten miles, paced. The Cali
fornia Club will also go up. and on this
account the ball game between the Call
fornias and the Bay City Wheelmen has
been postponed, the Bay Citys having a
run to South San Francisco instead.
In the. Cycle <"iubs' Baseball league
to-day the Olympic Cyclers' team,
th undefeated "champions, will play
the crack Turn Verein Club 06
San Jose at 2 o'clock at the Velo
drome grounds. The visiting aggrega
tion are heavy hitters, and an exciting
game is prophesied. The following is tha
line-up:
_!_ Turn Verein
Olympic Cyclers. Position. Cyclers.
f ¥ °>'|r Catcher Weed
Head Pitcher Skelly
( , ordes First base Hughes)
I-ollansbee Second base I'lricha
Bradley Third base Mather
L, OH £ rove Short stop... Rickabaugb
Derham Left fi e j3 Parker
£ utz ■ Center Held Hernandea
Monahan or
Weber Right field Hambly;
To Get More Books.
Pursuant to the resolution rasped at
the last meeting 'if the Board of Educa
tion, the committee having the text book
matter in charge met yesterday and de
cided to arrange for the advertising for
certain books j,, tfu . course* of study
which belong to branches heretofore not
equalized in the various schools. Text
books in drawing, business forms, musk-,
elementary French and German, ana
bookkeeping will b<- advertised for Tha
secretary was ordered to draw up tha
form for the advertisement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANGER IN SODA.
Serious Results Sometimes Follow Itm
Excessive Use.
Common soda is all right in its plac« .
and indispensable in the kit< hen and,
j for cooking and washing purposes, but
; it was never intended for a medicine.
I and people who use it as such will soma
i day regret it.
We refer to the common use of soda
to relieve heartburn or sour stomach, a
habit which thousands of people prac-
tice almost daily, and one which la
fraught with danger. Moreover, the
i soda only gives temporary relief, and
! in the end the stomach trouble gets
| worse and worse.
The soda acts as a mechanical irri-
tant to the walls of the stomach and
bowels, and cases are on record where
it accumulated in the intestines, caus-
ing death by inflammation or periton-
itis.
Dr. Harlandson recommends as the
I safest and surest cure for sour stomach
I (acid dyspepsia) an -excellent prepara-
i tion sold by druggists under- the nam©
lof Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. These .
j tablets are large 20-gram lozenges,
very pleasant to taste, and contain the
natural acids, peptones and digestive
j elements essential to good digestion,
' and when taken after meals they digest
• the food perfectly and promptly before
| it has time to ferment, sour and poison
' the blood and nervous system.
Dr. Wuerth states that he invariably
' uses Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in all
cases of stomach derangemepts, and
finds them a certain cur*> opt.^nly. tor [
; sour stomach, but 1 y promptly digest-
< ing the food they create a healthy ap-
petite, increase flesh and strengthen
the action of the heart and liver. They
are not a cathartic, but intended only
I for stomach diseases and weakness, and
will be found reliable in any stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia"
! Tablets at 50 cents per package.
A little book describing all forms of
; stomach weakness- and ■ their cure
; mailed free by addressing the Stuart
Co. of Marshall, Mich.
FREE
Medical
Treatment
TO DEMONSTRATE OUR SUPERIOR
METHODS, WE WILL GIVE ONE WEEK'S
TREATMENT. WITH ALL MEDICINES. AB-
SOLUTELY FREE. IF YOU HAVE GIVE>T
UP ALL HOPE, TRY OUR WONDERFUU
TREATMENT IN YOUR CASE FREE.
CALL COUPON.
Mr
Address
' This entitles bearer to a Free Consul'
tation and a thorough Examination, in-
cluding a chemical and microscopical
examination of all pathological speci-
mens ; also one week's treatment and
medicine free.
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT
SPECIALISTS, 731 MARKET STREET, ARE
MASTERS OF CHRONIC DISEASES. IP
THEY WERE NOT THEY WOULD NOT LET
YOU TEST THEIR TREATMENT FREE.
SEND FOR FREE BOOK AND SYMPTOM
BLANK- if you cannot call at the office.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Incorporated for $250,000. Composed of Fiv«
••. V.. ~ Eminent Specialists.
731 market Street..!/
Hours — 8-5: Evenlnjjs. 7-S; Sundays, 9-11.
DDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Ofi U OllJ-iO erB> bootblacks, bata-
++M.U. w **rm.m.*-t»-r houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourniills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
- BUCHANAN BROS., ,
Brush Manufacturers. 6o9 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
. modeled and renovated.- KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to \\ 50day.
15 to (8 week, .$S to $30 month. : Free baths:
; hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
•very room: elevator runs ull night.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. «J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
f>QQ -MARKET ST.; OPP paLacO
000 Hotel. Telephon. 870. Re.ld«of fc»
Valencia street. T«l«phon«. ••(.'Lurch" la,
JJO^SSZI Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Sore Musclei^Cramp*, Burns. Sunburns. Back-
ache. Headache. Toothache. RheumatUm.-. Neu-
! pi&«' i' v,u ,f lba S°r Internally for - all Bowel
Pains. Colic. Diarrhoea, Dysentery. Cholera
Morbua and S»cknea». Nausea, etc. All drua-ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MISS WILLARD
DRANK WINE
But It Was Because the
European Water Was
Bad.
Oakland's W. C. T. U. Explains
a Statement Recently
Published.
An Incident in the Reformer's Life
That Aroused Her Numerous
Friends.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.08 Broadway. March 12.
Much surprise and some Incredulity
■were expresed in this city shortly after
the death of Frances E. Willard at
a published statement that Miss Willard
had at one timo in her life not only
countenanced theaters on Sunday, but
had also been a partaker of wine at
dinner.. This statement was denied by
some of the temperance ladies in this
city, and they searched into the biog
raphy of Miss Willards early life to dis
prove the story.
Th>' statement that started the discus-
Blon was tne following:
The late Frances E. Willard was an
ardent supporter of the cause of tem
perance, but there was a time when
she recognized the fact that the cus
toms of some countries wprenot quite
consistent with extreme doctrine on
this subject. When she first traveled
abroad, she is on record as having
said that she did three things which
she never did at home. On the Con
tinent she went to see the sights on
Sunday, went to the theater and took
wine at dinner. She learned to love
Rudesheimer and Grand Chartreuse,
and, in short, she did in Rome as the
Romans do.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of the local W. C. T. Union, and an
Investigation was made. A search was
made, and It resulted in establishing the
truth of the statement. One of the mem
bers was authorized to prepare an ex
planation of the incident, and the follow- i
ing has been made public:
"Miss "Willard frankly admitted that ;
she did, while abroad, attend the theater j
a few times, see the sights a few times
on Sunday and took wine at dinner. But
when and how did these things occur? j
There were some important sights to be
Been on Sunday only. Then she was very
sick in Copenhagen and the doctor said,
'If you ever expect to see your home
again you must avoid drinking water as
you go from one country to another.' !
So she mixed wine with water at j
dinner. She learned better and when
abroad other times did not do so, but j
said 'Drink milk if you cannot drink the
water.'
"Then this was from 186S to 1579 before '
she became dean of the Northwestern
University, before she went into any tem
perance or evangelistic work and nine ,
years before she became the national i
president. Our beloved Miss Willard sin- .
cerely regretted the mistakes of those
earlier years and surely the grand work
si«ic«* dcuM!. and the , stand . she had so j
nobly taMen for righteousness, trut,h and
temperance, the cause for which she gave ,
her life, should make one follow her gen- |
tle, loving example in trying to find and I
r-membering the good instead of the j
faults." ___________
Delinquent Tax Sales.
ALAMEDA, March 12.— annual sale \
<&$ property for delinquent taxes took •
Jlace this morning in the City Treasurer's ;
Office. There were 149 parcels disposed of, :
(he amount realized being $1410 76. The |
rest was knocked down to the city. Among ;
other tracts so disposed of was all the ■■
property of the Oakland Water-front j
Company located within the limits of th«"
city of Alameda, both tide and submerged j
lands. The amount realized was less than
half the amount of last year's sale.
The Helsley Estate.
ALAMEDA. March 12.— Mrs. Julia Wall
of Indiana, the divorced but remarried
wife of the late Peter C. Helsley of this
city, has appointed City Recorder St. Sure
her attorney and given him her power of
attorney to go ahead and see what can
t«= obtained for her from that portion of
the Helpley estate which she claims was
community property, having been ac- j
quired by her husband before a decree ;
of divorce was granted.
JOHN C SUHR, Who Wa; To-Day Elected to Preside Over
the Six Thousand Endeavorers in Alameda County.
' "AKLAND, March 12.— The ninth annual convention of the Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union was held yesterday afternoon and evening
in the Union-street Presbyterian Church. The election of officers resulted in
the selection of the following-named Endeavorera from the societies men
tioned:
John C. Suhr, First Methodist, president; Dr. W. R. Hughes, Presby
terian, Alameda. Vice-pr sident; Miss Frances Gribble, Sunshine Society,
recording secretary Miss M. Lulu Bo wen. First Baptist, corresponding sec
retary: Dr. Ray Gilson First Presbyterian, treasurer; Mrs. Lillian Baxley.
Congregational, junior superintendent; Miss Alice Wythe, First Methodist,
assistant.
The other features of the programme were addresses by Mrs. Edmund
Taylor. Rev. E. 8. Chapman. D. D.. and Rev. H. D. Brasefield. The at
tendance taxed the - pacity of the church aiiw included representatives
from many of the interim towns.
RIVER WAR
BEGINS AGAIN
Southern Pacific Wants
to Regain the
Trade.
Oakland Benefited Greatly by
the Opposition of Last
Year.
It Will Be as Bitter During the Com
ing Season, Say the Inde
pendents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 12.
The Southern Pacific Company has not
succeeded in making: a contract with the
commission dealers of this city to do
their river carrying for the coming fruit
season, but within a few days an agree
ment for five years may be drawn up.
Last year there was a war between the
dealers and the railroad company and
there was a great improvement in the
method of supplying this side of the bay
with fruit and produce from the Sacra
mento River. For the first time there
whs a direct line of boats to Oakland
wharves, and business was done direct
with the producers instead of through
the San Francisco middlemen. This plan
of taking the carrying from the railroad's
river boat* was not pleasant to the com
pany, and opposition was tried, but in
vain.
Now the railroad is anxious to regain
the trade and is attempting to enter Into
a conlract for five years with the mer
chants not to patronize the rival line that ,
comes direct to Adams wharf from the j
river. There is, however, a hitch in the ;
terms.
The railroad wants to discharge the I
San Francisco freight first and then send ■
the boats to Oakland. This will prevent
the shipments from reaching here until
some hours after the mall boats have
discharged, and this is, of course, Un
tenable. The merchants who are ne
gotiating with the railroad company also
insist that the rates shall not be higher
than those charged by the Dutch com
pany.
In the meantime the firm that started
the opposition last year. Hunt Hatch &
Co., have arranged for three boats to
come direct to them, and have enlarge-.l
their warehouses In anticipation of a big
business this season.
The" opposition last year proved of great
benefit. Prior to that time all Oakland's
business had to be handled through San
Francisco, and the cargoes of fruit were
handled many times before reaching Oak
land wharves. It resulted in fruit being
cheaper and fresher than ever before, and
there is no desire on the part of the pub
lic lo see a return to the old order of
things.
Dwelings Take Fire.
ALAMEDA. March 12.— About 2 o'clock
j this afternoon, while the gale was at its
1 height an alarm was turned in for a
fire on Clinton avenue near Chestnut
street. It was for a blaze in a small
■ house occupied by an old couple named
Sheehan: Sheehan was away at the time,
' and his wife, a decrepit and simple
1 minded creature, was the only person in
the house. The department put the fire
out promptly, but not until the house
was damaged so as to be beyond use.
The old lady could give no idea as to
the origin of the fire.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 12.— C. Stever, for
whom a bench warrant was issued on
Thursday on an order of examination,
was arrested to-day and was ordered to
appear Thursday and be examined as to
the whereabouts of his property.
Company G will continue its regular
monthly shoot at the High street range
to-morrow.
A largely attended missionary reception
was held "at the residence of Mrs. E. Y.
Garette, 2503 Central avenue, yesterday
afternoon.
The class of '98 of the high school went
on an excursion to Baden by water this
morning, and had a dance at Encinal Hall
this evening.
Constable Yon Kapff has revoked the
appointment of "Baron" Baroteau as a
deputy Constable.
George Laverty of 2264 Clinton avenue
has blood-poisoning in his left hand from
a piece of bone pentratlng one of the fin
gers while ■ working at his trade of
butcher. He will probably lose a finger,
If not more.
A man in lowa has written to the
Mayor of Alameda to ask about the pros
pect for starting a corncob pipe factory
here. He will be told that the oppor
tunity is good.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
HE MADE HER
NOSE BLEED
Politics Helped to Break
Up the Holmes
Home.
Sometimes the Lady Did Not
Realize She Had a
Husband.
Because She Cooked Badly There
Was a Resort to Ring
Methods.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 12.
A husband who slaps his wife in the
face with sufficient force to cause her
nose to bleed has no claim for a divorce
because of little irregularities in the con
duct of his wife. Judge Hall intimated
to-day from the bench that such would
be his decision in the Holmes divorce
case.
James Holmes is a well-know^ politi
cian and hardware man, and has been
| married twenty years. There are six
; children in the family, and, according to
I the testimony of the husband, the Holmes
home has been the scene of a cat-and-dog
life since their honeymoon in 187 S.
I the witness stand, Holmes told of his
sstic unhappiness. He says that for
y years he would have been better
ad he not been married, and charges
vife with laziness, and hints that at
eriod of the twenty years since they
married has he enjoyed the full
dence and affection of his wife. On
y occasions Holmes had to leave his
house on account of the cooking, or lack
of cooking, and he poured forth his woes
to-day by the hour.
Mr. Holmes also testified that he re
venged this conduct at times by beating
his wife in the face. He admitted sev
eral blows on the nose, and also said
that he had drawn blood on his wife's
Ex-Judge Frick, who appeared for Mrs. j
Holmes, drew out of the witness many
admissions of behavior that is not sup
posed to exist between husband and wife, i
and the idea that the politicians home !
was a happy one was rudely dispelled.
Mrs. Holmes does not like to be the |
wife of a man who gives up much of his
time to politics. She says that Holmes
is a very poor provider and sometimes ;
stars away from home for such long pc- ]
riods that occasionally she has forgotten I
she ever had a husband.
Judge Hall said the case would go over
till next Saturday to dispose of the chil
dren, and said that he would deny the
husband's application for a divorce.
RUINS OF MORRO CASTLE.
Where Rev. E. R. Dille Would Build
a Monument to Our Heroes.
OAKLAND. March 12.— During an il
lustrated lecture upon the civil war last
evening before the members and friends
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion, Rev. E. R. Dille made tne following
allusion to the United States ship Maine.
It was greeted with uproarious applause:
"I want to insist that If* the American
citizen has duties he has also rights. If
AN ENCINAL CITY ENGAGEMENT.
OAKLAND, March 12.—The engagement was announced to-day of Miss Nora'
Nebekar. daughter of Mrs. P. J. Nebekar, of Alameda. to James P. Potter. Mr.
Potter is superintendent of the Alameda electric road, and is one of the most
popular railroad men on this side of the bay. Miss Nebekar has an enviable
place in society in the Encinal City, where she has lived nearly all her life. The
wedding will take place next month.
the government has a right to demand
something of us we have a right to de
mand something of it in return. If the
American citizen can feel that the stars
and stripes will protect him wherever he
stands upon this planet his loyalty is as
sured. The humblest American citizen,
whether on Cuban soil, or the deck of the
Maine, which was American soil, ought
to be protected by every man-of-war in
the White Squadron and by every rifle in
the land.
"I hope we shall have no war with
Spain. But if the Maine, that lay sleep
ing in the Havana harbor like a guest In
the house of a friend, was destroyed by
Spanish treachery; if our gallant tars
were sent to their deaths without a
chance for their lives, then the Maine
mu^t be avenged. War is sometimes as
holy as white-robed peace, and if war is
necessary to vindicate the honor of our
flag let it come. If the Maine was de
stroyed by Spanish treachery with the
connivance of the authorities, then we
must build a monument to our heroes on
the ruins of Morro Castle."
Caught Between Trains.
OAKLAND, March 32.— John MeClosky
was badly injured at. Sixteenth-street de
pot this morning, and will he cared for at
the County Infirmary until he recovers.
He attempted to cross the track, he says.
When he saw*a passenger train coming
he Jumped across in front of it. but met
another train on the next track. He
stood up between the two. and was all
right until struck by a pair of legs pro
truding out of a car door. He fell and
was struck by the car steps.
Federated Trades -let.
OAKLAND. March 12.— At a meeting of
the Federated Trades last evening the
Berkeley printing offices strike was rec
ognized and resolutions passed urging
merchants to discontinue their advertise
ments until fair wages were paid, and
urging them to see that they were tak«n
out when so ordered, that the public
might know that the merchants were
supporting the workers in their demand
for fair wages.
Ban Into the Bay.
OAKLAND. March 12.-The freight
ferry boat Transit was tied up last night
just" before being ready to start upon her
6 15 trip and was not released until after
SCENES AT THE SOPHOMORE-FRESHMAN FIELD DAY.
1 o'clock this morning. The cause of the
delay was the jumping of a coupling pin
as a" train of cars was being run upon It.
All except one started on to the Transit,
and but for the timely work of the crew
would have landed in the bay. Only one,
however got overboard before they were
stopped. The wrecking crew was sent
for, and after clearing away the other
cars it was found necessary to chop open
the upper end of the car and remove its
contents— paper — before it could be
raised.
St. Patrick's Day Celebration.
OAKLAND, March 12.-Rev. J. B. Mc-
Nally rector of St. Patrick's Church.
West Oakland, has arranged for special
exercises for St. Patrick's day in Han
sen Hal!. A comedietta, entitled 'i he
Happy Pair." will be given. Rev. Father
Ryan, assistant editor of the Monitor, and
Rev. Mr. McNally will deliver addresses,
and there will be several musical selec
tions.
' Three Divorce Suits.
OAKLAND, March 12.— Rosa A. Peck
filed a suit to-day for divorce from her
husband. Raymond B. Peck.
Jacob Weinmann was convicted of a
felony some time since, and to-day his
wife, Katherine Weinmann, asked that
the marital ties be dissolved by the courts
on that ground.
Clara Hell Hall also asked to be made
free after living with Horace R. Hall for
a number of years.
Dairymen to Move.
ALAMEDA, March 12.— Several of the
leading dairymen of this city are taking
sups for the removal of their herds to
Pleasanton, where they will rent a large
tract of land and pasture their stock in
common. By so doing they calculate that
a large saving can be made, as the sub
urbs of this city are becoming so thickly
settled up that pasturage Is expensive
and rents are high. The milk from Pleas
antcn will Ibe shipped to Oakland by
train and -from there distributed by wag
ons wherever needed. Not all the dairy
men arc going into this combination, but
the leading ones are in the enterprise.
■ ♦ ■
Socialism and War.
At the regular propaganda meeting of
Liberty Branch. Socialist Labor Party,
next Wednesday night, will be a discus
sion on "War in general, and the con
templated conflict between the United
States and Spain in particular, from a
socialistic standpoint." The meeting takes
place at the Temple, 117 Turk street.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
A
SOPHOMORES
WIN THE DAY
Interclass Field Day on
Berkeley Cinder
Path.
Drum and Squires Carry Off
the Honors of the
Day.
The Largest Crowd Ever Seen
on the Berkeley Cam
pus.
The largest attendance that ever gath
ered around the cinder path of tho Uni
versity of California was that which
filled the spacious stands and lined the
fences yesterday to see the sophomores
punish the freshmen in the annual inter
class field day. Contrary to all expecta
tions, it was an easy victory for the so
phomores, who won the day by a score
of 115 to 75 points.
Sections in the grand stand were re
served for each class. The red of '01 class
flaunted out boldly and made a strong
contrast with the green of '00. There was
not a bit of unoccupied space around the
oval, and at all times the enthusiasm of
the rooters, covered with the green or
red. gave things a lively hue.
Drum was the hero of the day. Matched
with Woolsey in the three short distances,
a sprinter heretofore untried but from
whom great things were anticipated, he
captured first places in all. At no time
was he pushed hard. In the 100-yard
dash he covered the distance in 10 2-5
seconds. In the 220 he strode over the
cinders in 23 2-a seconds. The 440 was run
in indifferent style.
Squires, famous as a rider of the wheel,
divided the honors with Drum. This is
the first season of Squires on the track.
In the mile run, with a pack in front of
him at the beginning of the stretch, he
put on steam, and, forging his way
through the rile, breasted the tape first
after a sensational finish. Tho half-mile
was very similarly run. Smith was well
in the lead when the men began to spurt
for the finish. Then Squires increased his
speed, and with every stride cut down
the distance that separated them. Five
feet in front of the tape Squires passed
Smith and tore the tape.
Mile run— Squires, '00. first; Mosher, 01.
second; Carpenter, 01, third. Time, 4 min
utes 56 4-5 seconds.
One hundred yard dash— Drum. 00. first;
"Woolsey, '01, Beeond; Broughton, 00,
third. Time, 10 2-5 seconds.
Two hundred and twenty yard dash-
Drum. '00, first; Woolsey. '01, second;
Hasklns. "01. third. Time, 23 2-5 seconds.
One hundred and twenty yard hurdles—
Dawson, '00, first; Hoffman. "00, second;
Crocker. '01, third. Time. 17 seconds.
Mile walk-Walsh, 01. first; Westerfeld
*00, second; Aitken. '00, third. Time, 7
minutes, 37 seconds.
Four hundred and forty yard run-
Drum '00 first; Hinz, '01. second; Brough
ton, '00, third. Time. 57 3-10 seconds.
Half-mile run— Squires, '00, first; Smith,
'00, second; Wise, '00, third. Time, 2 mm
Ut Shot%u e t-Gufberson, '01. first. 39 feet 3
inches; Woolsey, '01, second; Peck, 00,
Broad jump— Broughton, "00. first, 21 feet
3 inches; Parker, '00, second; Simonds, '00,
High jump— Hoffman, '00, first, 5 feet
6»* inches; Cooley, 01, second; Goodale, 00,
t P^le vault— Hoffman, '00, first. 10 feet 3
inches; Dawson, '00, second; Simonds, '00,
third.
Hammer throw and relay race were de
clared off.
Two hundred and twenty yard hurdles—
Woolsey, '01, first; Dnwson, '00, second;
Parker, '00, third. Time, 27 3-5 seconds.
Debate Preliminaries Held.
BERKELEY. March 12.— The prelimin
aries for the intercollegiate debate with
Stanford were held last night in Stiles
Hall The following men were chosen:
\V M Martin. J. E. Gardner. L. E. Kil
kenny Reno Hutchinson, C. F. Kimball
and C. E. Thomas. They will meet in the
finals A. J- Dannenbaum, A. C Marks.
H A Overstreet, George Clark and
Ralph C Daniels, and the three best de
baters w!ll be chosen to represent the
university.
Sophomores Can Talk.
BERKELEY, March 12.— The sopho
more-freshman debate at Stiles Hall this
evening resulted in a victory for the
sophomores. The question was: Re
solved, That the extensions of the suf
frage since the adoption of the constitu
tion have been detrimental to the inter
ests of the republic. The speakers were
as follows: Affirmative— R. S. Pierce,
Ralph Fisher and W. K. Frickstad. of
the freshman class; negative— H. O. Rob
inson. F. G. Dorety and W. M. Martin, of
the sophomore class.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. March 12.— The First
Presbyterian Church of Berkeley will hold
special services to-morrow commemora
tive of the 250 th anniversary of the adop
tion of the Westminster standards of
The intercollegiate basketball contest
has been given up for this year. Stan
ford was accustomed to playing out of
doors, while Berkeley had played only in
door games. The respective managers.
Miss McCleave of Berkeley and Miss Ed
wards, could not agree where the game
should be played, so the game was de
clared off.
The Chi Phi fraternity boys defeated
the Delta Kappa Epsilon players In a
baseball game on the campus this morn
ing.
SANTA CLARA VICTORIOUS.
Defeats the U. C. Nine by a Score of
9 to 6 on the Berkeley Campus.
BERKELEY, March 12.— The Santa
Clara baseball team defeated the Univer
sity of California nine in a six-inning
game on the Berkeley campus this
afternoon by a score of 9 to 6. The
bleachers and campus were crowded by
at least 1500 spectators, and the greatest
interest and enthusiasm was manifested.
Santa Clara had the best of it in the
early innings of the game, but in the
sixth inning the Berkeley hitters found
Kelley and scored three runs. Captain
Hoag and the greater part of the specta
tors believed that if the visitors had not
been compelled to stop before the end of
the nine injiings to catch a train the
Berkeley nine would have won.
The score was as follows:
Santa Clara— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Robinson, c. f 3 2 2 1 1 0 0
Taber. r. f 3 1 0 1 0 0 0
Graham, c 3 2 2 0 5 1 0
Leake. sa 4 1 1 0 4 1 0
Kelley, p 4 1 3 0 1 2 0
Farry, lb 4 1 1 0 4 2 0
Gerrin. 1. f 2 110 0 0 1
Connahan, 3b 2 0 0 1 1 0 0
Garnot, 2b....: 3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Totals ft 11 3 18 7 1
V. of C— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hoag, c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Meln, c 4 12 0 5 3 1
Collins, lb 4 13 17 11
Bride, 3b 4 1 2 0 0 1 1
Kaarsberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
McLaren. 2b 1110 5 2 0
Chesebnrough, 1. f... 3 0 2 0 0 0 0
MoCabe, ss 3 1 1 0 0 5 1
Belding. r. 1 3 110 0 10
Totals 29 6 12 1 IS 14 4 i
Santa Clara 5 0 0 4 0 o—9!
University of California.. 10 0 11 3—6 I
Summary: Earned runs— University of Cali
fornia 6: Santa Clara, 2. Home runs — Bride,
McCabe. Three-base hits— Collins, Bride. Chese- j
borough Two-base hits— Collins, Kelley. Sac- i
rifice hit— Hoag. Bases on balls— Off Kelley, 1;
off Kaarsberg, 4. Struck out— By Kelley, 5; j
by Kaarsberg, 2. Hit by pitcher— McLaren. I
Graham. First base on errors— University of .
California. 1; Santa Clara, 3. Left on bases-
University of California. 7; Santa Clara. 6.
Time of "game— 1:15. Umpire— Dean. Scorer-
Crawford. m
PRETTY BOOTHS,
DAINTY GIRLS
Young Ladies Making an Ef
fort to Free Bush-Street
Temple From Debt.
Union - Square Hall the Scene of
Many Colors and Pleasing
Features.
Pretty slrl?. tasty decorations and ex
hibits of every description greeted visit
ors to the fair which is being held in
Union-square Hall by the members of the
Bush-street Temple last evening. Mem
bers of the congregation and their many
friends came in large numbers, and dur
ing the evening helped to lessen the debt
on the synagogue by their generous pur
chases.
The pleadings of the young ladies, robed
in white and other pretty colors w^re ir
resistible, and refusals to purchase their
wares or tickets to some raffle were rare
ly made.
Rabbi Meyers and his corps of assist
ants have worked hard to make the af
fair a success, and if last night's crowd
was a criterion their effortß were crowned
with success.
During the evening selections from op
eras and popular marches were played by
the Metropolitan Orchestra, under the di
rection of Frederick G. Hall. This pleas
ing feature will continue during the re
maining nights of the fair.
Following is a list of booths and ladies
who have them in charge:
Entertainment booth— President Miss R.
Levy; Mrs. Louis Meyer; assistants— Miss
B. Wallach, Miss I. Wallach, Miss C.
Friedman, Miss H. Goodman, Miss Levy; ,
manager, Leo Allenberg; assistant. Abe
Israelsky. Every evening there will be I
three short entertainments, consisting of i
songs, instrumental music, specialties, I
recitations, calisthenics, tableaus, living |
pictures etc., in wuich the folowing tal
ent will take part: Miss Hattie Natnan,
Miss Maud Frank, Isle Myers, Mai Furst, !
iUiss V. Cranna, Louis Myers, Miss B. ]
Zellerbach, Leon Solomon, D. Martin, ;
Mrs. N. Schleslnger. Lennie Waterman, !
Jessie Kutz, Al Gets, Miss Leah Cob
lentz, Mrs. E. Tenney, Miss B. Frankel,
Miss J. Mucha. Miss Fannie Phelps, Miss
L. Breslauer, Charles Parent, Mme. Louis
Stern, Professor Kollander, William C.
Lawrence, Dr. L. R. Jacobs. Andie Levy,
Julius Kahn. Mr. Eibeschutz.
Bon bon booth— President Mrs. Felix
Block, Mrs. Leon Blum, Mrs. Henry !
Cahen, Mrs. Galland. Mrs. Alfred Cahen, i
Mrs. M. Jacob, Mrs. A. Nordman; assist- i
ants. Miss Bertie Goldman, Miss Amy ■
Schussler, Miss Gertie Van Vllet, Miss I
Julia Reiss, Miss Blanche Goldman, Miss ;
Florence Goldman. Miss Nanette Reiss.
Cabinet of curios and voting booth— '
President Mrs. Isidore Myers; assistants,
Miss Cora Altmayer, Miss Sadie Leszyn
sky, Miss Rose Karp, Miss Jennie Meyer,
Miss Camilla Meyer.
Cigar booth— President Mrs. H. New
house, Mrs. M. Meyer, Mrs. H. Epstein;
AUCTION^SALES.
A CHANCE OFJ LIFETIME!
QUONG WING LUNG & CO.,
Or 116 GRANT AYE., BET. POST AND GEARY STS.,
WILL SELL
AT PUBLIC AUCTION
Their entire stock of FINE SILKS. CARVED
IVORY, BRONZES. CLOISONNE LAC-
QUERED WARE, HAND-CARVED EBONY.
EMBROIDERED SCREEN'S and all kinds of
DRESS PATTERNS. Etc.
This old and reliable firm has t>een doing
business in the same store thirteen years, aud
their stock invoiced $35,000 on the first of the
month.
Their collection is something grand.
Sales commence SATURDAY, March 12, ISS>S.
at 11 a. m., 2 p. m.. 7:30 r>. m.
T. MePOXALD. Auctioneer.
assistants. Miss Celia Stern, Miss Camille
Frank. Miss Regina Jacob. Miss S. Salo
mon, Dr. Adelaina Feeler, Miss B. Jacob
sen Miss Pauline Rhine, Miss Frieda
Blumenthal. Miss Giles, Miss Hortense
Hirsch.
Wheel of fortune— President Mrs. Morris
Falk, Mrs. S. J. Levy; assistants, Miss
R. Delvalle, Miss Lobue, Miss R. Weil,
Miss Flora Samter, Miss Florence Sam
ter.
Fancy goods booth— President Mrs. I.
Frohman, Mrs. S. Reiss, Mrs. M. Getz,
Mrs. A. Levy: assistants. Miss C. Jewell,
Miss R. Guggenheim. Miss M. Baum, Misj
C. Baum. Miss Julia Herzog. Miss Lena
Stern, Miss L. Feldheim. Miss B. Adler.
Miss Lobree. Miss Florence Meyer.
Apron booth— President Mrs. A. Schles*
singer. Mrs. Bert Schlessinger; assistants.
Miss Maud Frank, Miss Carrie Gearon.
Miss A. Voorsanger, Miss Laura Seelig.
Miss Carrie Frank.
Gypsy booth— President Miss Blanche
Allenberg; assistants. Miss Carrie Stern,
Miss Amelia Levy. Miss Hulda Cahen.
"Wein-Stube— President, Mrs. S. Laven
thal; Mrs. H. S. Nathan: assistants, Miss
Uri, Miss Kaskel. Miss Galinger, Miss
Lowenberg, Miss Bauer. Miss Goldstein,
Miss Lowenberg, Miss Morris, Miss Nath
an, Miss Miller.
and postoffice— President, Mrs.
Aehille Block; Mrs. Joseph Arnheim. As
sistants—Miss R. Mann. MIM A. Mann,
Miss B. Schwartz. Miss E. Gross.
Coffee booth— President, Mrs. Charles
Levy; Mrs. J. Schmidt. Mrs. P. Stern,
Mrs" Gallar.d. Assistants— Miss Ray
Alexander, Miss Giles, Miss Frances Ra
phael, Miss Frieda Meyer. Miss Dahlia
Levy, Miss Leona Kul. Miss Amelia
Meyer, Miss Sophie Levison, Miss Block.
Icecream booth— President. Mrs. M.
Friedman, Mrs. D. S. Davis, Mrs. M.
Sloane, Mrs. A. Altmayer. Mrs. A.
Houser. Miss M. Levy, Mrs. L. Brenner.
Assistants— Miss Adele Tobriner. Miss
Amelia Davis, Miss Maud Leszynski. Miss
Cora Altmayer, Miss Bertha Kramer.
Miss Hilda Seetiff. Miss Lillie Sloane. Miss
Bella Lengfeld, Miss Pechner, Miss Mabel
Markewitz, Miss Anna Sloane. Miss Celia
Friedman. Miss Beckie Kahn. Miss Julia
Kramer. Miss Belle Seelig. Miss Bertha
Magner, Miss Lillie Wolfe, Mrs. Bert
Altmayer.
Doll booth— Mrs. Coblentz. Mrs. Low
enberg Mrs. Jacob. Miss Edith Coblenti,
Miss Rose, Miss Tillie, Miss Blanche
Kutz. Miss Belle Brandenstein. and Mrs.
Myerson. , .
The following have contributed their
services in making the fair a possibility:
Executive committee— E. E. Kahn
(chairman) Rabbi I. Myers, E. Raas, A.
Altmayer, M. J. Blackman. D. S. Davis,
P. Stern. J. Schmidt, J. R. Wolf. Miss F.
T'ri Mrs. I. Myers, Mrs. M. Friedman,
Mrs S. Lavtwithnl, Mrs. J. Rosenthal,
Mrs M. Siegel. Mrs. M. Getz, Mrs. M. Ja
cob. Mrs. A. Cahen, Mrs. L. Blum. Mrs.
A. Schlessinger.
Committee on printing— M. L. Stern, Dr.
I Myers Mrs. M. Friedman.
Committee on hall— P. Stern. M. J.
Blackman, E. Lasar, D. S. Davis, A. Alt-
Committee on music and entertainment
—Leo Allenberg (chairman), Isidore My
ers Mrs. I. Frohman.
Board of officers— President, Mrs. I.
Reiss; vice-president. Mrs. 11. Newhous^;
second vice-president. Mrs. F. Block:
treasurer. Mrs. I. Frohman; secretary,
M. L. Stern. ,_ ,
Finance committee— E. Raas (chair
man) I. Frohman. P. Stern. J. Schmidt,
D. S. Davis. J. 11. Wolf, A. Altmayer. M.
J. Blackman.
THE ALUMNI DEFLATED.
Stanford's Luck Was With Her at
Central Park in the Ball Game
Yesterday.
The cold wind that blew across Central
Park yesterday made it exceedingly dis
agreeable for the handful of spectators,
who shivered through eight and a half
innings of the uninteresting argument be
tween Stanford and the alumni.
The margin of two runs, by which the
college boys won, indicates that they had
no snap; in fact, the alumni played a
much cleaner fielding game, and but for
hard luck in not getting their hits when
they were needed, they would have won.
Although they were outbatted, the alumni
would have won had they not experi
mented with "Wheeler in the box, who in
the first and second was touched up for
seven of Stanford's ten runs. Goslinsky,
who succeeded him, did much better
work. Stanford's infield work was es
pecially ragged. Lougheed, Young and
Harris making two errors apiece. Cal
houn in center for the alumni was also
guilty of poor judgment on fly balls,
while his fielding was loose. Strange to
say, Strohn put up a much better game
behind the bat than Elston, who was
away off in his throwing to second.
The feature of the game was Heller's
attempt to catch Klaubers long fly to
deep left in the second inning. After a
long and brliiiant run he juat managed to
get his fingers upon the ball. The error
was a praiseworthy on*.
The score is as follows:
Alumni *0 0 10 12 112-8
Base hits 0 01123100— 8
Stanford 4 3 0 0 2 10 0 •— lO
Base hits 4 1 3 0 2 3 1 1 *-14
Summary: Earned runs— Stanford, 2. Three
base hits— Wight and Klauber. Two-base hits—
Harris 2. First base on errors- Alumni. 4;
Stanford, 1. First bas«- on railed balls—Wheel
er 1; Ooslirtsky. 4: Beckett. 3. Struck out—
Goslinsky, 3: Wheeler, 2: Beckett. 2. Hit by
pitcher— Lewis. Calhoun. Wight. Passed balls—
Strohn. 2: Elston, 1. Wild pitches— Beckett, 1;
Goslinsky, 2. Time of same— l:4o. Umpire-
Sam Mertes.
In England more than 10,000,000 oil
lamps are used nightly. They cause
300 deaths annually, and in London
alone 165 in a year have been traced to
them.
■; V-:' ■ ADVEBTISEMENTS. . ,
THEOWT
M DRUG CO.
«^-^^g CUT-RATE ■
\^PW DRUGGISTS,
O^ 1128 VMarket St.,
* f^MTj^Jnai^ SAN FRANCISCO.
VIAVA REMEDIES
£' AT YOUR OWN PRICE.
VIAVA Capsules and Cerale, 3 months' ■ treat-
ment; regular price, ?15. : ... " v
: .'.: I' " ' OUR PRICE $10.
VIAVA Capsules and Cerale; reguiar price. M.
■:■;: OUR PRICI: $4.25.
VlAVA' Uterine Remedy Capsules, 3 months'
"• treatment; regular price,', js. \. ( . ■•;!.;■
.OUR" PRICE $5.50.
VIAVA SANO Pile Remedy; regular price,' s3.
; ■'•:, U. • OUR PRIC 8^.25.
VIAVA Liquid for Catarrh; -regular price,' $3.;."
. - ; OUR PRICE $2.25.
CELEBRATED GOSNELL
.i.TRICHOSARON HAIR ; BRUSH.:.
A CHANCE FOR lr A y BARGAIN.
Brushes ! costing . from $2 •to• $3 50 •
■rAT| $1 .APIECE. ;
Write for our catalogue, '-'Hints to Klon-
dike mailed free. .••_"."• :■ ,'":!- ':.-.< : .
IIC A ESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
■ ■»■■■■■ help w ban nil else fails, na glasses help eyes.
Belf-adjustlnp. NoPaln. Whis)>ers beard. Rendto COCC
F. HixiiU., Sot H'waj, Ji.Y., (or Uvok und Pruofs I (ICE
1516
CONTRACTORS GET
MONEY AND GIVE
NOTHING IN RETURN
How the Public Has Been Swindled in the
Construction of the New Ferry
Building.
One Job Upon Another and the End Not Yet in Sight — A Word
of Explanation as to the Matter of the
Floor.
There may be a delicate distinction |
between robbery and jobbery. The
men who have had charge of the erec
tion of the ferry building have been
guilty of one or the victimg of the other.
If the Grand Jury shall pass over their
dereliction?, then still must they be in
dicted before the greater jury of Pm>
lic opinion on the charge of stupidfty
most gmss. They have permitted the
funds of the State to go astray, and they
have allowed the contractors to make
a profit which has never been contem
plated. If there is any excuse for
this, if there is any reason why the
money provided for the accomplishment
of certain work on a certain plan, and j
apparently ample for the purpose. |
should have been expended in mucn |
cheaper work and then prove insuffi
cient to complete this work even on
the inferior scale, the pvfblic would like I
to know. The Harbor Commissioners |
as honest men would be glad to have j
the public know. Attention was called j
yesterday to severai items, among them j
the floor of the grand nave, which, as
constructed, cost $39,400 less than it
' DiASPAn Showing OneEvsy OFGRAnDMAvr •*"• -46 Rays Like This —
would have cost had the specifications
been followed. There is no desire to
do anybody an injustice. The floor as
completed may be as srood as the floor
as planned, but it is not the floor the
State pays for. When a contractor
undertakes a certain work, and by get
ting the specifications changed is en
abled to sublet the work so as to ac
quire an extra profit so great as this,
he muet excuse the tendency to demand
a bill of particulars. The boor was to
have been supported by arched tiling
bound by steel ties. Instead of this
it is supported by expanded steel, and
the ties are omitted.
There are architects who assert the
method employed to be as good in
every respect as the other; in fact, it
has advocates confidently proclaiming
its superiority. This is a side issue
wholly. There is no desire to do in
justice to any system, and it is true
that the expanded metal has been se
verely tested, and is now being put
into buildings of importance in this city
and elsewhere. The sub-contractors
who constructed the floor of the grand
nave are in no manner to blame. They
offered to do the work at a certain fig
ure and they did it. They have the ut
most confidence in its stability and so
have others. The fault is with a scheme
which has permitted a contractor who
was over them to reap a benefit which
should have been the State's.
The more the depot job is looked into
the rottener it appears. This does not
imply that many sub-contractors, like
the gentlemen who put in the floor,
may not have been entirely honest. It
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spkkdt Cttrb Trkatmkkt for torturing, disfig-
uring. Itching, burning, and scaly «kin and scalp
dlneases with loss of hair. — Warm baths with Cv-
TioiTKA Soap, gentle applications of Cuticura
(ointment), and full doses of Citticttba Bciol-
v*MT greatest of blood purifiers and humor cures
(fiticura
Is': »014 ' thronnhont the ■worM. ' Pottm
|)k-.i i»o Chfm. CoW., (W« Prop*.. Bo»ton. . ' .
CT7» •■ Uow u> Cure Itclilog Sitlo Pl.— fre«.
B£P nAiiMlfl (IlunC Softened »n« Bowtlßad
BED ROUGH JJAHyS 0/o™^*^
merely implies that through hook, or
crook, which is the same thing, the
State has suffered, has paid for a sec
ond-class article freely the price of a
first-class. Yesterday some attention
was paid to the changes made, these
changes not only marring the structure
but boosting to an extravagant figure
the gains of the contractors. In not
one of these changes was there a ben
efit to the State. In every one of them,
on the contrary, was a distinct loss.
Going back to the subject of the
floor, it would seem that the matter
had been introduced to the Commis
sioners as an incident, shrouded in so
many words that they failed to realize
its Importance. It was December 3,
1896, that Mr. McCarthy submitted the
following proposition:
Change terra cotta arches of the build
ing to expanded metal concrete arches;
omit the mosaic floors of the two exits
between the open nave and the open pas
sageway and replace these surfaces with
the cement finish as specified for other
floors; omit the flreproofing of all girders
and beams, but replace the portions at
the ends of the arches with concrete so
as to form panels in the ceiling; cover the
partition walls of east side of open nave
with Tennessee marble, with base, pan
els and molded cap of the same design
and construction as the marble piers of
the side; cover also with Tennessee mar
ble the two partition walls in open nave;
cover also the entire walls and stair
openings of the two stairway halls west
of the open nave and build eight caps of
moldings at main stairways of Tennessee
marble, all according to plans to be made
by the architect. The foregoing changes
and alterations to be made without any
additions or deduction from the contract
price.
Mr. Chadbourne moved that the
proposition be accepted. Mr. Cole sec
onded the motion. The ayes and
noes were called for and the president
declared the motion carried. Architect
Swain and Engineer Holmes advised
the acceptance of the proposition.
Now here was an artistic triumph for
McCarthy. By a few words buried in
a mess of minor proposals he had ob
tained the permission of the board to
put in a floor which could be construct
ed for $39,400 less than the floor he had
contracted to put in, and there was an
express provision that he should be
paid for it just as though there had
been no change. But the board must
not be too harshly criticized. With a
thoughtfulness which under the Mc-
Carthy spell it did not always exercise,
it refrained from bestowing upon him
extra emoluments.
For fear of getting tedious a glance
may be taken in another direction. A
glance In any direction will be apt to
reveal something not only of interest
but which certain persons would ruther
not have bruited abroad. The <i?p<>t is
built of Oolusa stone. When uid^ were
being considered a decision vas ■ cached
that the proper material was Oregon
stone. It was understood that the
latter was more expensive. In fact,
there are statements that the bid on
Oolusa was $97,000 and on Oregon $109.
000, and that the higher bid was ac
cepted. If this is incorrect of course
a few questions by the Grand Jury
would bring out the truth. At any rate
the bid on Oregon stone was accepted.
Tho depot is built of Colusa stone, some
of it chipped, some patcne;!, and much
of it badly tooled. The change was
brought about as follows:
At a meeting of the board April iO,
ISOe. Architect Swain submittoj a wrU
ten report, in which he r^cjm mended
the usr of Colusa stone in place of Or
egon stone, the price being the sanjo.
Chief Engineer Holmes concurred. The
board indorsed this idea, and it was
agTed that the best intermits of the
State required that Colusa undstono
be substituted for Oregon gray stone
as piovided in the contract with Mc-
Carthy, On motion of Mr. Cole, sec
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAKCH 13, 1898.
onded by Mr. Colhnn, the following: res
olution was adopted:
That this board shall and will execute
an amendment to such contract, substi
tuting Colusa sandstone in the place of
Oregon pray stone, according to draft
of amendment submitted herewith by the
attorney of the board, provided that
within ten days from date the said Mc-
Carthy shall file the written consent of
his bondsmen to the original contract
consenting to such change; otherwise
such amendment to be inoperative.
The amendment to the. contract was
then signed by the members of the
board and by McCarthy.
If the change was a betterment then
the eye is deceptive. The Claus Spreek
els building is of the Oregon material.
Comparison is invited. Besides, the
price was not the same. The figures
quoted above The Call believes to be
correct. The State has a poorer stone,
the contractor, a fatter co-ntract. How
ever, this phase of the subject is a
large one, and will be reverted to more
than once before "finis" shall have been
written at the end of this serious se
rial.
In the opening chapter as it appeared
yesterday, there was an intimation of
crookedness in other contracts. Here is
part of the sequel: All the interior
woodwork of the depot, contracted to
be finished in oak, has be«n changed
to pine. More than this, a large part
of it has been cut out. Still more than
this even, the lucky contractors have
been voted extra compensation because
in the goodness of their hearts they
have consented to use cheaper stuff and
far less of it. If such a transaction
has a funny look surely the gentlemen
who brought it about will be glad of a
chance to explain. On March 16, 1897.
Architect Swain sent to the board the
following letter:
Replying to your request for my opin
ion as to the advisability of omitting all
finish of all kinds in the mezzanine story
of building and also of changing the in
terior finish throughout in remaining
parts from oak, as specified, to kiln-dried
Oregon pine in first story and finished in
natural wood in second story, I beg to say
that, while I woul.i prefer to retain the oak
material, yet, owing to the large increase
of wood rendered necessary by revised
plans, it will be impossible to execute the
work in oak with funds at your disposal.
I would, therefore, recommend that the
finish in oak in mezzanine story and that
the wood work in remaining parts be
changed from oak to kiln-dried pine, as
per bid of Bateman Bros., and in accord
ance with revised specifications of same,
a copy of which I hand you herewith.
Here is a copy of the proposition of
Bateman Brothers, the same having
been duly accepted:
We herewith respectfully submit bid on
proposed alterations and additions to our
contract. * » • For the sum of $2995 we
agree to erect all additional partitions to
waiting-rooms of first and second stories
as per plans Nos. 209 and 210, dated Jan
uary 28, 1897; doubling all above parti
tions at lavatories, ticket offices. Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s office and Postoffice; con
ditional that all interior finish work of
first and second stories throughout be
made of kiln-dried Oregon pine Instead ot
oak, as called for in original- specifica
tions, and that all wood called for in the
original specifications in mezzanine story
be omitted.
Here, as old Squeers might have re
marked, is richness. The contract had
been let for oak. There was to have
been a mezzanine story completely fin
ished. There were to have been many
partitions, which wisdom or the lack
of it abolished, and yet for this con
sideration, which any contractor might
well have appreciated without having
a reward thrown in, Bateman Brothers
got a present of almost three thousand
dollars. The work as it will appear
will look cheap in contrast to the same
work as it should have appeared, and
yet it costs more, and there is to be a
whole story left without a touch. BjOBM
of those contractors must be hypnot
ists. The plea of economy doesn't seem
to go.
It is time to take another visit to the
grand nave, which is a grand swindle
as well. It is the floor of this which
has caused so much discussion. Mr. Bell,
of the firm which put the floor in. was
at The Call office last night. He said
his floor was in every respect first class,
but admitted that he put it in al
$12,000 less than it could have been done
under the original contract,
board," explained Mr. Bell, "said they
wanted this money to use in another
place. I understood it was to go to
ward the marble wainscoting in the
nave."
Very well. But when the board per
mitted McCarthy to put in marble in
stead of glazed brick it was distinct
ly stated that he was to have for this
and other changes, any one of which
would have been richly profitable to
him anyhow, the total sum of $2416.
Mr. Bell was asked where he sup
posed the $12,000 saved on his contract
had been applied. Naturally Mr. Bell
did not know. Neither does anybody
else who seems ready to tell. But it
was applied to some use; the people
paid it.
But while in the nave it is worth
while to look at this marble about
which such crowing has been done.
Every charge of extravagance, every
hostile criticism is met by the jubilant
rejoinder: "But look at our marble."
Well, let's have a look, taking along an
expert so as to be able to appreciate.
Harry Fenworth is an expert cutter
and fitter of marble. For three months
he worked on this famous wainscoting,
and he pronounces it a defective and
dangerous job. When it is remembered
that the marble cost 15 cents less a foot
than the glazed brk-k it replaced and
that for making the substitution the
contractor got extra pay, this fact
seems peculiarly irritating.
"The whole north end," said Mr. Fen
worth, "has fallen over an inch." He
took out a rule, and demonstrated that
the marble had settled until between
the two extremes of the end wall there
was the difference indicated.
"Look at this three-inch marble band
around the cornice," he continued, "it
has settled five-eighths of an inch in
nine feet.
•The members of the molding on the
cornice." he went on, "have only one
fourth of an inch bearing on each other.
According to all rules of architecture
and building, they should have an inch
and three-quarters. Little marble
plugs are used to conceal the hollows
created by this shiftless method. It is
a scheme for saving marble, but it is
bad work."
Mr. Fenworth railed attention to
many defects which the eye could
verify. Slabs supposed to be firm
enough to stand indefinitely are so
loose that they respond to a touch of
the hand. Other slabs standing side
by side ar^ out of alignment. Where
slabs come against door frames the
junction is crude, and about the edges
discoloration has already set in.
Among the many weaknesses exposed
are two of a perilous nature. The great
slabs over the doors leading from the
nave to the ferry are insecure. "Some
day," said the expert, "they will fall.
Instead of bein^r properly fastened by
"T' bolts to a beam they are held by
eighth-inch wn which catches in the
marble thre«-q carters of an inch. The
vibration of the doors will loosen these
wires and the slabs -will come down,
likely with fatal results."
Mr. Fe:; worth also declared that the
"caps" were so flimsily fastened as to
be liable to come down at any time.
Then he took a glance at the mosaic
floor. "The worst I ever saw," was his
comment. "There is as much cement
in it as marble."
It will be recalled that the State
agreed to furnish the cement. Con
tractors have not been backward in
taking advantage of this.
The outline printed this morning
shows some of the grand nave work
which McCarthy was paid for omitting.
The grand knave will be the spelling of
some name before this cruel war is
over.
HIS NAME IS PERGIN.
The Man Shot in the Junction Saloon
Is Slowly Dying.
The true name of the man who was
shot in the Junction saloon, O'Fatrell and
Jones streets, early Friday morning by
Charles Dunne, the night bartender, is
D. W. Pergin, and not W. D. Perkins, al
though he was sometimes known by the
latter name.
He has been living with a woman for
some years at 717 Bush street, and she
called at the Receiving Hospital yester
day afternoon and identified him. He Is
a native of England, and once served in
the English army. He also served in the
army hen- tor ;i short time.
Hi's death Is only a question of hours,
as the doctors say that he is slowly but
surely sinking. Dunne has not yet been
charged at the City Prison, and will not
be till the result of Pergins wound is def
initely known.
Rheumatism, kidney & liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln'ESani':irium.sl4Pine.nr.Kearny,S.F..Cal.
AMPUTATED HER 'lOES.
Mabel Dougherty, Aged 7 Years, In
jured by an Electric Car.
Mabel Dougherty, aged 7 years, living
at 3616 Nineteenth street, was knocked
down by car 21 of the San Francisco and
San Mateo line yesterday morning, and
had her right foot crushed. The unfor
tunate girl was crossing Guerrero street
at Nineteenth, when she was struck by
the car. She was carried to the office of
Dr. Austin, who found it necessary to am
putate the five toes of the injured foot.
Subsequently she was removed to her
home.
Champagne.
Moet & Chandnn has not only moved up
in position, but the importations have in
creased in 1897. as compared with the
previous year, over 12»«z per cent, which
lb a larger ratio of increase than that
made by any of the most prominent
brands. In addition to this, Moet &
Chandon was selected during the year as
the only wine served at some of the ul
tra-fashionable entertainments given In
this city. The fame of the wine ha« trav
eled from coast to coast, and its quality
has endeared it alike to the connoisseur
and occasional drinker.— Bonfort's Wine
Circular. *
Park Music To-Day.
The following attractive programme will be
rendered at the open-air concert in Golden
Gat Park to-day:
Overture, "Summer Night" Suppe
Scenes from "The Pirates of Penzance"..
Sullivan
Song, "In the Days of '49" Leila France
Waltz, "Temptation" •* Bolognesl
Love Song and Fire Scene from "Die
"VValkure," "Ride of the Valkyries"
Wagner
Selection from "El Capitan" Sousa
Piccolo solo, "Fantaste Sonnambula"
Bricclaldt
Mr. A. Logan.
Sextet from "Lucia" Donizetti
Comical contest, "Jolly Musicians".... Voleker
March, "King Spaghetti" E. E. Schmitz
Divorce Suits Filed.
The following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Annie E. McVicker
against Alex. McVicker. on the ground of
cruelty; Matilda Mattie against I.ouis
Mattle on the ground of cruelty; Jessie
G. Hodgkin against D. W. Hodgkin, on
the ground of infidelity, and Charles F.
Loveland against Alice R. Loveland, on
the ground of desertion.
Ladies' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 gutter, r. I * I.
DEPOSITS
ILLEGALLY
DEMANDED
The Gas Company
Has No Right to
Exact Them.
An Ex-Secretary's Prac
tical Opinion on the
People's Privilege.
Directors Afraid of the Test
Suit Brought Several
Days Ago.
JAMES' PUBLIC SERVICE.
The Matters Involved Will Be Tried
by a Court of Competent
Jurisdiction.
When I was Recretarj
i»f the Central Gas Com
l»nny i looked Into that
[{uewtion thoroughly and
I know that the require,
ment of a deposit is en.
lirely without warrant
jflaw. It i- illegal and
:*u*t onier* cannot be com.
l>elled to .make It. If a
ra« company refuse* to
r»«t in a m©ter unlesi*
• ii< li deposit is made It
•jim be held liable for
I;iniaee«i — Extrac'. from inter
<iew with. ex-Supervisor Javies W.
3urling.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company is evidently not inclined to go
into court and contest the suit brought by
Henry James to recover a deposit of $5
collected from him when he first or
dered a gas meter in his home. A copy
of his complaint was served on the cor
poration Friday, and no time was lost
by the company in forwarding a com
munication to James, advising him
that his "voluntary" advance of $5
would be returned to him on the pres
entation of his certificate of deposit,
properly indorsed. Mr. James declined
to act on the suggestion of the com
pany. "With him it is a matter of prin
ciple and not of the money involved.
He is determined that the disputed
points shall -be passed on by a court
r>f competent jurisdiction. In tha'c
stand he has the best wishes of many
thousand householder? who have been
forced to submit to the exactions of the
eras company.
The letter addressed Mr. James after
the commencement of the suit is care
fully worded. It refers to a "volun
tary" deposit of $5. There was nothing
voluntary about the deposit. It was
compulsory. James ordered that he be
supplied with gas. The officials of the
company informed him that it would
be necessary to deposit $5 as a guaran
tee of payment of the .gas bill. He
made the deposit, and the gas company
now hSLS the benefit of his money as
"Oh t«," continued Mr. Bnrlln S . "there is hi* money
In manipulating the meter.. H<£V can
that be done? Ea S y enough. Simply by pumping a,r
into the pipe.. That will M ake every me ter on the cir
cult *c«re «P like a cash register. Mind yon 1 _ don •. «aj
the companies do this-the Central never did-l»nt I say it
can l»e done and in such a ca»e • customer would pay for
ahout four times the amount o« a* he had actually used.
Extract from interview vith ex- Supervisor' James IV. 'Burling.
! capital: One deposit, would not. repre
sent much capital, but when the fact
i is taken into consideration that thou
sands of other householders have .been
: compelled to make the same 'volun
; tary" deposit, it can readily -be seen
that the consumers are getting the
worst of the bargain. -
Ex-Supervisor' James W. Burling,
who was secretary of the-CentraVGas
Company from the datfe , of Its organi
zation until it was absorbed by the Pa-
I cific ■ Gas . Improvement . Company,
makes a few pertinent remarks regard -
S| t he demand . of the San Francisco
company for a . deposit of $o or $10
from each of its customers , before it
will put in a meter. ..
"When I was secretary of the Central
company." said Mr. Burling last even
ing ■ "I looked into that question thor
oughly and I -know that the require
ment deposit is entirely without
warrant of law. , It is illegal, and cus
tomers cannot be compelled to make It.
If a gas company refuses to put in a
meter unless such - deposit is made it
can be held liable for damages. -
"During the three years j I was secre
tary ■my company never asked Wai cus
tomer for a deposit, and we did not
ADVEBTISBMENTS.
/~Tj^ UJa. Ovr rill O
ig^ji Special Offer
S^^^sipS To those who begin treatment before
.r^B^^P^ April 2d, after which date his prices
must be increased. He GUARANTEES to cure every
case he accepts for the price quoted below, in-
cluding all medicines. r ; !
ratarr ...... .$2O 00 ! Piles .. $20 00 Kidney Diseases ..' $20 00
nhematisrn ........ 20 00 ' Paralysis 6000 Nervous Debility ..20 00
venralela """.... 20 00 ' Skin Diseases .:..;...V.;.. 2000 Syphilis ..;::.....'... .:... .-SO 00
Sciatica '"";.';;........'. 20 00 ; Diabetes ..:..-.. 25 00 I Varicocele ................. 20 00
Si«,Mila -"'■•'■ '!H .....3000 ! Ulcers (chronic) ...:...;.. 4000 i Stricture. .3000
Asthma 1 """"""" ... .....25 00 ' Bladder Diseases ........ 20 00 Rupture ..................... 40 00
rravTl • ■■■-■■"■■■- r .. 20 00 ' nronchitis .;.... ............20 00 Loss of. Manhood 20 00
Ta n;il!t ' stage ::: S 8 i SBEE lT^:::::::: S 2B \ : dSSS^lMzi£ • :: g S
f,^Uv '"• 30 00 ! Goitre or Thick Neck.... 30 00 Prostatic Diseases .:.•.... 20 00
nv^DsIa''"""".!".".;"".15O0 | Salt Rheum .............. 25 00 , Tum0r5........... $50 to $200
Deafness .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 30 00 I : Brights Disease .../..... ',40 00 I" Cancer ... ....... .;..$75 to $250
If incurable. you will be told so, thus saving you time and money. •._ _./,.-.
Purine the past -five months SS72 were examined and 1234 were rejected as Incurable. ■
MEVwho are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and > Weak from early indiscretion and excess
in life readllv restored by the Neutralizing Syutem. ' ■■ ... , :. ..:. •-.- .-■■■_ ■.;
- DISKASE9 OF WOMEN treated by an entirely new and Dainiesa method. . .
• Those unable to cHlUn^e h^ry^ B ta^p^rep^. cE FREE. ■ ;
HourslOtoWA. M.:3tosana 7 toB p. Sundays, 10 to 12 a. m. . ..:"...-
DAA. SQPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR ST., yjgmS;^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.^^_^___ ,
Novelty
Dress
Fabrics!
We are now showing the very latest NOVEL- ; s
TIES in FRENCH DRESS : FABRICS and : HIGH
. NOVELTIES for Spring, 1898. V* ; ; '. : -.;..' V
We call particular attention to the following
four lines of HIGH NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS .
which we have placed on sale this week.
NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON C|o [\(\
DRESS PATTERNS OIZiUU Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH POPLIN- QQ fin
ETTE DRESS PATTERNS. OJiUU Pattern
: ■ : — a , «i
NOVELTY FRENCH PIREOLA CjO fin
DRESS PATTERNS OIZiUU Pattern
FRENCH WOOL POPLIN DRESS Qincn
PATTERNS . . . ... . ... -- - OIUiJU Pattern
The above are in the very newest color-
ings, also in black. ______^_^_^
JUST RECEIVED-^
4 cases GENUINE ENGLISH MOREENS,
in twenty different shades, also black*
, ' PRICE, 50c YARD.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
in«P anything. either. we nau ™v»
°usiness\o the new company and we
had sustained no loss to speak of. it
is ea^y to guard a-alnst loss by send-
Sd'SpeciTo pa^their fill, if they are
■*«£»£& enough in ga. w*h
-ut resorting to such methods as re
luirlng a deposit from customers. Not
oni ago I was negotiating with some
ocal Capitalists in regard to forming
i new gas company, and at the time I
sent to Europe for information as to
meters out when we transferred our
the most improved methods of manu
facture. I ascertained that gas could
be manufactured here at 40 cents a
thousand feet, which would enable the
company to sell it at $1 and make a
profit of 60 cents a thousand. There is
more money in gas than in almost any
thing I know of. The old Central Com
pany incorporated with 2Q.000 shares of
stock at the par value of $100 a share.
This stock was put on the market at
$35. and within nine months after the
first work of construction was begun it
paid a dividend of 6 per cent, and has
continued to pay good dividends ever
since, while the stock has reached par.
"It ought not to cost the old compa
nies more than 50 cents a thousand to
manufacture gas now, while the rates
are $2 to consumers, leaving $1 50 profit.
Before the Central Company was formed
gas was $3 a thousand In this city, but
we put the price at $2. and it has never
been above that figure.
"Oh, yes," continued Mr. Burling,
"there is big money in gas, even with
out manipulating the meteis. How
can that be done? Easy enough; sim
ply by pumping air into the pipes. That
will make every meter on the circuit
score up like a cash register. Mind you.
I don't say the companies do this; the
Central never did, but I say It can be
done, and in such a case a customer
might pay for about four times the
amount of gas he had actually use<?,^
"I repeat that there is ample pro*t
in the business without resorting to
such schemes as tampering with meters
or holding up customers for illegal de
posits."
The law regulating the dealings of
the gas company with consumers is si
lent on the matter of "voluntary" de
posits before meters are placed in
houses. The idea of "voluntary" depos
its was created in the minds of the cor
poration officials. The consumer, igno
rant of the law, paid the sum exacted
when they went to the office of the gas
company.
Now that the corporation has virtu
ally admitted that it is not authorized
by law to exact deposits, judging from
the letter forwarded Mr. James, it is
reasonably certain that those who have
been imposed on in the past will assert
their rights.
The gas company to-day has several
hundred thousand dollars of "volun
tary" deposits to its credit in bank and
drawing interest. The suit brought by-
Mr. James will in all probability result
in the return of the money wrung from
the gas consumer in the shape of "vol
untary" deposits. The gas company
has practiced two ways of doing busi-
ness. If the intending consumer went
to the office and ordered gas furnished
him he was compelled to make a "vol
untary" deposit. But if he notified the
company through the mail that he
wanted gas supplied him the meter was
put in without the necessary "volun
tary" deposit. Those who gave their
orders through the agency of "Uncle
Sam" profited thereby. That the com
pany realized that it had no right in
law to demand "voluntary" deposits Is ▼
but evidenced by the stand taken by
the co-mpany. If it had the right to ask
for "voluntary" deposits, the notices
received by mail would have been ig
nored.
The suit brought by Mr. James will
be watched with interest by all gas
consumers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o o 00 00000000000000
? Cash or Little-at-a-Time Payments. _
o A STRONG %
© LOUNGE, o
o o
With good figured ' • O
q covering and plush $^i ,50 O
q' trimmings. . . . . * q
q\; Wh«n you buy of us you don't -v
- need cash ; we'll take your promise rt
" to pay, and won't hurry you. .
© .', An inspection ,of . our goods and
O prices will satisfy you of fair treat- ©
O ment here. We keep everything O
O that goes to furnish a home. O
S J. NOONAN, o*
© 1017 to 1023 MISSION STREET,
©'. 516 to 532 MINNA STREET, O
O ABOVE SIXTH. . * O
O c Pho - n^» -Open; o
J. South U. Evenings. '"
000000000000000000 Vno_textTHE FEAST OF THE FIJI ISLAND CANNIBALS
THERE has lately been placed on
exhibition in the Academy of
Sciences a genuine cannibal
bowl from the South Sea Islands.
It is an ugly, blood-soaked relic
that it took days to scrub clean
and rid of a sickening odor of human
flesh The bowl is about five feet
across at the top, is hewn out of a
single block of wood, and in days gone
by was used for holding the cooked
bodies of human beings after they were
taken from the oven to be carved and
served to the cannibal feasters.
Captain George E. Jackson, who
spent years cruising among the South
Sea Islands, on hearing of the arrival
of this bowl a few days ago, at once
hastened to examine it. He scrutinized
it from all sides to assure himself that
It was genuine.
"I've seen bowls of that kind used
many a time," he said. "In fact I
think I was present at the last cannibal
feast In the^Fiji Islands, when several
of them were in use. I never want to
see such sights again.
"It Is generally thought that canni
balism in the South Seas is at an end.
But it was not stamped out in a day.
"The conversion of the Fijians was
accomplished from the coast inland by
missionaries. And so it was that the
interior mountain people for many
years captured victims for their feasts
from the inhabitants along the coast.
Several attempts were made by white
men to reach and punish these moun
tain cannibals, but it always resulted
in loss of life followed by a feast of
human flesh ir the camp of the canni
bals.
"The principal town and stronghold
of the mountain people was Nivotheene,
situated at the head of the Reeva Riv
er. The case of the last White man
they captured and ate was very sad.
The Rev. Thomas Baker, a Wesleyan
missionary, with seven of his native
teachers, attempted to reach Nivo
theene, but when within a short dis
tance of the place they were set upon
by the Na-Vosa tribe, killed and eaten.
Baker had been strongly urged by the
coast natives against making the at
tempt, as it was well known the Na-
Vosa tribe had long been eager to eat
a white man.
"I was with an expedition that was
bent on stamping out cannibalism
when the report of this crime came to
hand. Of course, it roused every white
man in the party, and we redoubled our
energies to round up the man-eaters
and give them a lesson that Bhcmld for
THE CALL Sunday Edition
ever end their appetites for that kind
of Jood. Old Chief Thakambau of
the coast tribe had loaned us a lot of
his best natives as guides and soldiers.
It was on this trip that I was forced
to witness one of their horrible feasts.
"Well, we tracked the man-eaters to
their villages after a deal of hardship,
but invariably found the huts empty.
The rascals, by some native wiles, were
always warned of our approach in time
to decamp. As if to taunt us they al
ways left behind a pile of human bones
and other signs to show that they were
still man hunting and defied us.
"On our last advance, when we were
quite deep in the mountains, one of our
scouts came to us with the news that a
missionary and his entire party of na
tive followers had been killed by the in
habitants of a small village near by."
" "Did anybody escape?" asked our
captain.
" 'Three white men,' answered the
scout. 'They had firearms and the can
nibals were afraid to approach near
them, so the white men backed away
and escaped.'
"After ascertaining the exact location
of the village our captain decided to
ralditand if possible prevent the forth
coming feast. To prevent ajiy chance
of its coming off he ordered another
man and myself with several natives
to go ahead with him and reconnoiter,
while the rest of our company of sev
enty-five men should follow as fast as
the rough character of the country
would permit.
•'lt happened, however, that our
guide was entirely mistaken in regard
to the locality of the village. It was
much nearer than we had figured, and
before we expected it we heard distant
shouting.
" 'Those are the cannibals,' we all
cr^ed at once and ran for the nearest
defense thicket. But this move brought
us closer to the village. Then we found
it advisable to climb into a cleft in a
cliff to see and to prevent being seen.
From this point we could look across
into the village and see the women
piling wood into the ovens and making
other preparations for the coming
feast.
"The distant shouting drew nearer
each moment, and soon the most fero
cious-looking crowd I ever saw came
dashing into the village dragging the
bodies of several dead men.
"Then the feast commenced and we
could do absolutely nothing but stand
and watch it, hoping against hope that
our main party would hear the shout-
Ing and close up.
"The first thing the natives did was
to prepare the bodies. This process
was much as a housewife does in pre
paring a chicken for roasting. Than
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
they were trussed and tied into posi
tion, and, after being placed on a long
hardwood board, were shoved into the
heated ovens. There they remained
about eight hours. All the while the
people of the village shouted, danced
and yelled and drank large gulps of
the Island liquor.
"The scene at this time beggars de
scription. It was one wild whirl of li
centious debauchery.
"At a signal from the chief the danc
ing suddenly ceased and the ovens,
made of bricks and stones, very much
like a baker's oven, were opened and
the bodies were dragged out and placed
in the immense wooden bowls waiting
for them. The same kind of a bowl as
this," indicating the one on exhibition.
"Then an official of some sort came be
fore each bowl and with spear and
knife cut the bodies into portions.
These portions were quickly seized and
•greedily devoured.
"From our hiding places in the cliff
we could catch the voices of the feast
ers, and our natives translated the Fi
jiaris' opinion of roast white man. It
seems that this white man had been
roasted in a special oven and special
care had been bestowed on his prepara
tion.
"There was, however, some disap
pointment among the feasters. They
decided that white man was 'too salt*
and not as good as they had expected.
Some of them thought it would have
been better to have kept him awhile
and fattened him for the feast. It was
decided that this should be done with
the next white man they captured.
But the chance never came to them.
"During the long hours we had been
standing in the cleft of the cliff our
company had been about a mile away
waiting for the captain to return and
give further orders. As he did not
com* the officer in charge became un
easy and reconnoitered himself a bit.
"Hearing the shouting he approached
the village. When he saw the feast go
ing on he concluded that we were the
victims, and at once took command of
the soldiers upon himself.
"He ordered an advance. It did not
take our boys long to break up that
cannibal feast. There was a short
sharp resistance, but a few rifle balls
created a panic and the cannibals
fairly disappeared.
"The next day we were attacked by
the same cannibals and it was a lively
fight. Three of our men were killed,
but we almost wiped the tribe out of
existence. The few we didn't kill we
captured, and since that time there has
been no trouble over flesh-eating in
Fiji.
"I forgot to say that the evening
after we cleaned out that first village
By an Eye-Witness.
HAS JUST CONVERTED
lt2O CANNIBALS,
DEV. JOHN PATTON
has just returned from
several years of active and
arduous missionary work
among the savages of the
New Hebrides Islands.
Though he takes an im
mense pleasure in the large
number of converts he
made to Christianity, his
greatest pride is that he
was aj)le to induce a very
large number of cannibals
to forsake the practice of
eating their captured ene
mies.
Dr. Patton made a rough
estimate of these converts
and placed the number at
1120.
the cannibals sent us a basket with
about forty pounds of human flesh in
it, with a taunting message to eat it
and get some courage, as we should
need it. That was the last act of d*»
fiance of that kind they ever had a
chance to play on us.
"The question has been raised about
women being allowed to eat with the
men on the occasion of these cannibal
feasts, but old Fijians told me it was
not customary, although not absolute
ly forbidden, and it \v;is usual for the
men to eat their fill first; then women
came in and took what was left. One
old chief replied that he would like to
see the woman 'who did not contrive
to get her fill.'
"Another old chief, when asked about
pork and man, said there was no com
parison between them, human flesh be
ing so much the best.
"A man was called 'long pork,' while
a hog was called 'short pork.'
"One custom of revenge and insult
among warring cannibals was to col
lect the bones of the bodies thus eaten
and reduce them to a powder. Then
when peace was restored and the tribes
feasted together this nice ingredient
was added to some favorite pudding.
Afterward should war again break out
it was the height of triumph to taunt
the late guests with having eaten the
dishonored bones of their kindred.
"In the mad quest to satisfy their
craving for human flesh these canni
bals would often dig up the bodies of
those who had died natural deaths.
"On a hill at the head of the valley,
near Nivotheene, stands another town
named Balavu (the long town), which
in 1871 was surprised by neighboring
tribes, who slew and ate 260 victims.
This was the last great feast on the is
land, and it continued several days."
WEIRD FUNERAL RITES
Over the
HEAD CHIEF OF THE SIOUX.
RECENT dispatches announce
the probably last illness of
Red Cloud, the famous Indian
chieftain. The last great chief
to die amrmg the Indians was
Young - Man - Afraid - of -
His-Horses, hereditary chief of the
Sioux, who died of heart disease at
Newcastle, Wyo., July 14, 1893. The in
cidents attendant upon his funeral will
in all probability be repeated should
Bed Cloud die, as he is also held in
highest esteem among his tribesmen.
On Friday morning-, July 14. 1893, the
Indians of Pine Ridge agency became
greatly excited, armed themselves and
congregated in groups about the agency
and grounds. So great became the ex
citement that the whites became
alarmed and inquired regarding the
cause. The Indians said that Young-
Man-Afraid-of-His-Horses had been in
trouble with the whites and had been
killed. No explanation of this was of
fered, but the Indians insisted that it
was true. For two hours the uncer
tainty continued, and then a telegram
came frc-m Newcastle, Wyo., 200 miles
away, saying that the chief had
dropped dead from heart disease that
morning. The Indians had received the
intelligence of his death, but not its
manner, two hours before the telegraph
brought the news. R. O. Pugh, who
has been overseer and superintendent
among the Sioux for more than twenty
years, and who is thoroughly conver
sant with their affairs, says that he has
known of several similar instances and
in every case the news received by the
Indians had been verified by courier or
letter hours or days afterward.
The body of the dead chieftain was
placed in a casket and sent to Pine
Ridge agency, arriving there the Mon
day following the death. The camp of
the chief was about ten miles from the
agency and there the Government had
erected a big council chamber for him.
This was known as the chief's omaha,
and here were held dances, councils and
ceremonies of all kinds. To this omaha
the body was taken and laid in state,
about the building. The east and the
north are sacred points of the compass
The women and professional mourn
ers began their howling and wailing
early in the morning, and at times the
sound was almost deafening in its in
tensity. Louder and louder would the
sound grow, until it seemed as if pan
dem6nium had come upon earth. Then
the wailing would die away and grow
fainter until but a solitary voice would
be heard, moaning and sobbing in the
intensity of grief. Then one after an
other would join until the whole body
would be at it again, and so it con
tinued as the hours passed by.
All about the omaha the warriors
congregated, filing in and out and pay
ing their respects to the dead chief
tain, each leaving some tribute on the
floor until there was a pile of fine blan
kets, robes, bridles, saddles, bolts of
calico, ornaments, and, in fact, every
thing that an Indian possesses and
deems valuable, covering the floor
about the casket. As each Indian de
posited his offering he designated to
whom It was to go, andfthe one named
would accept, bfit would leave it on
the lloor. The acceptance meant that
two years later, at the end of the
mourning period the recipient would
return an equivalent to the donor.
Young-Man-Afraid-of - His - Horses
had two wives, one a full blood and
the other a half-breed. When he died
his full blood wife retired to her house
and received no company. Neither did
she show herself during all the rites
and ceremonies attendant upon the
funeral. The half-breed wife, how
ever, not only came out, but showed
such an excess of grief as is seldom
seen as she appeared at the omaha
she had her arms and legs bare and
they were hacked and cut in a most
horrible manner. As she walked every
footprint was marked with blo^d, and
it ran down from her arms. Her ap
pearance at the omaha was a signal
for the old women who were mourn
ing for the chief, and they proceeded to
inflict similar mutilations upon them
selves. Howling and moaning, they
ran about like so many escaped luna
tics, all the while scourging themselves,
while the men joined in the horrible
chorus of wails.
This continued until late in the after
noon, when the Rev. Mr. Snavely, the
Epicsopal clergyman of the agency, ap
peared and prepared to conduct the
ceremonies of that church over the dead
chieftain. The blue cloth robe of state
which had been worn on great occasions
by Young-Man- Afraid-of-His-Horses.
was laid in front of the casket, and in
the presence of thousands of mourning
Indians the beautiful ritual of the
church was read in the Dacotah lan
guage, the clergyman being assisted by
George Fire Thunder, an Indian cate
chist of the church. While these ser
vices were going on Inside, thousands
of Indians were moaning, wailing and
howling on the outside of the omaha.
At the close of the services the In
dian chiefs and warriors assembled in
side the omaha, and one by one they
recounted the many brave deeds of the
dead chieftain in which the reciter took
part. When all had finished, the cas
ket was carried to the hill northeast of
the omaha, and there, by the side of his
father, and children, who had gone be
fore him, he was laid to rest with his
weapons by his ide.
After all the personal property of the
dead chieftain was distribtrted among
his friends, the relatives took upon
themselves the badge of mourning
which was to last two years. They
covered their bodies with canvas, cut
gashes in their arms and legs and then
cut their hair short. According to the
code of Indian ethics the hair is not
touched during the entire time of
mourning. At the end of the period
some friend is called in who combs and
plaits the matted mass, receiving a
horse for his pay.
The most peculiar phase of the life
of Young-Man-Afraid-of - His-Horsea
was the fact that he could read
and write English script, but was to
tally ignorant of printed letters. He
was self taught in this, and would
never attempt to learn to read print.
The writer has in his possession a let
ter written to him by Young-Man-
Afraid-of-His-Horses a short time be
fore his death. It was written in red
ink and is a fair example of Indian ex
pression in English. It reads as fol
lows:
WHITE CLAY. S. D., March 1. 1898.
Dear Sir: Some years ago my father
he was with the white man alway. He
wants to listen what our feat father
what he tells the Indian to do. that the
reason he alway stay with the white
man and he also listen to our agent
what he said and he never do any wrong
thing and the agent told my father that
if the people have fight you must not go
there because you are not a bad man.
that's what the told my father,
and they told my father that they going
to give him a big foods to eat. sugar, cof
fee and cow. how long as the Indian live
on earth and the soldiers told my that
way again Black Beard and one other
man then two man told my father that
I going to eat cow alway and big food
to eat they told my father those. I hear
so I want that way alway, and they told
my father that I going to eat big food 17
rears. So I heard all those things and
all the soldiers my frienas told me again
that 1 going to eat live cow and big food
to eat All the soldiers and General One
Star all those they are my friends so I
listen to them what they told me and I
help them also and if I am die I don t
care for my soul. And those four new
fathers that them soldiers going- give us
foods thats the reason I want to said
something. All my parents they chil
dren so hurry eat up their foods so hurry
thats the reason I want you to give them
more foods to eat. they give them few
sugar coffee iiour beans so they eat up
soon, and our great father all this our
words so I want to listen and I told
my people may be good and behalf
themselves. ever day I told them
must behalf themself. Now tjhis
time my parents and they children will
go on what the white man tell them to
do so I wish you would be kind to them
if you please. That is all. I am glad to
shake hands with you.
YOUNG - MAN - AFRAID - OF - HI3-
HORSES.
General One Star, referred to in the
letter, is General Miles and Black
Beard is General Howard. The letter
was written for the purpose of secur
ing larger supplies for the Indiana of
the Sioux nation, and it was during the
pendency of his application that the
chief died. CHARLES HARLAND. .18
"Lambs" Will Gambol in Lampblack
ALL the way from New York to
Chicago will tour the all-star
aggregation of Lamb's Club ac
tors, who have taken it up on
their talents to lift the mort
gage from their beloved home
End clubhouse. Thirteen performances
will be given in all, commencing at the
Metropolitan Opera-house, New York,
and from there on to Brooklyn, Bos
ton, Philadelphia, Baltimore. Washing
ton, Pittsburg, Hosing with mntinee
end night performances at the Colum
bia Theater, Chicago, after which all
THE greatest caricaturist of
France, if not of the world, M.
Emmanuel Poire, or, as he Is bet
ter known, Caran d'Ache, has set
up his household gods in one of
the quietest and prettiest streets of
suburban Passy. There he is not only
within a quarter of an hour's drive
from the Opera and the center of Paris
but he is also at a stone's throw of the
Bois de Boulogne, and on the high road
to the beautiful belt of country which
lies beyond Sevres and St. Cloud.
Some years ago a number of artists
and literary Parisians "discovered"
Passy, and among the great caricatur
ist's nearest neighbors are his intimate
friend. Jan Van Beers, whose marvel
ous miniature palace is still the talk of
fickle Paris: Munkaesy, the Hungarian
genius, whose terrible illness has cast
a gloom over artistic Bohemia; Henri
Rochefort, who must find sunlit Passy
a startling change after Regent's Park,
and Henri Lavedan, the most brilliant
of satirists and playwrights — to say
nothing of a score of other distin
guished people.
THE HAUNTED HOUSE.
I. — "What do I see? My trousers dancing!"
II. — Gun and barricade.
lll.— The e hosts appear.
hands start for home, where they will
build the bonfire and cremate the mort
gage.
Even. Joe Jefferson's all-star produc
tion of "The Rivals" will pale beside
this combination of Lambs, for it in
cludes nearly every prominent actor in
America. The performance will.be on
the order of the regular Lambs "gam
bols," which are given in the club every
I year and are not unlike in character
the Christmas Jinks of the Bohemian
i Club of this city.
The first part will be on the negro
minstrel order, with Nat Goodwin, Wil
k
BEST WORK OF A GREAT CARICATURIST
The large studio in which he has
gradually arranged his many posses
sions lies well away from the pretty,
fantastic Louis Quinze "hotel" built
from his own design, being separated
from Madame Caran d'Ache's dainty
eighteenth-century salon by a corridor
'lined with some fine old First Empire
engravings, dealing for the most part
with events connected with the strange
career of their present owner's hero,
| Napoleon I.
"I was born and bred in Napoleonic
tradition," he acknowledged, in answer
to a question. "Yes, it is quite true
that my grandfather was one of the
great Corsican's trusted officers, one of
those chosen to accompany him on the
disastrous expedition to Russia. More
fortunate than many of his comrades
in-arms, my forebear was wounded at
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
jind Tjry to Si'vq the Siiggest Show On €arth.
He Collier and Walter Jones rattling
the bones, and Stuart Robson, Jeff
D'Angelis and Dan Daly manipulating
i the tambourines. . Long, lean Lamb, De
I Wolf Hopper, will be the interlocutor,
I and there is no one in the business who
! can cope with Hopper in the details of
; high adjective and steamful oratory.
Among the robust tenors, magnetic
i barytones and prodigious bassos who
l will soloize are Eugene Cowles, Wil
j liam Philp and our own Harry Gillig.
I Gillig is an amateur, but no one will
i suspect him of the crime when once he
! opens his throat and pours out his own
! the battle of Moscow, and so escap
| ed the horrible fate of dying from cold
j or starvation; instead, he was carried
I off the field by some humane Russian
i officers, and was treated with all honor
•as a prisoner of Avar. In fact, it was
, as an inmate of one of the grimmest
of Russian fortresses that he fell in
• love with the young Rusian lady who
; afterward became my grandmother.
At the time t^ie marriage took place
; the whole face of things in France had
i completely altered.
"The Grande Armee was but a phan
tom memory; my grandfather's beloved
chief was a heartbroken prisoner in St.
Helena, and so, yielding to his bride's
wishes, he determined to remain among
the aliens who had been so good to
! him. He founded at Moscow a fenc
ing school, which soon became famous.
"My 'father died when I was 17, and
| in spite of all that my friends had to
say against the idea, I applied at the
French Embassy in order to know
what would be the best way In which
to fulfill the obligation, which I knew
devolved on every young Frenchman,
of serving a certain time in the French
army. Once I had obtained this, to
me, very important information, I start
ed gayly for France with very little
money in my pocket, but with high
hopes and boundless ambitions surging
through my brain.
"When young I had drawn a little,
but only for my own pleasure. One day
some one presented me with a book of
French drawings and among them were
some by Detaille. They impressed me
greatly. So when I reached Paris, in
my forlorn condition, I boldly presented
myself at M. Detaille's door, a portfolio
of sketches under my arm.
"Kindly is not the word for the man
ner in which I was received. Edouard
Detaille received me in a fashion that
proved him to possess what is perhaps
rarer than great genius — a great heart.
He looked over my poor little drawings,
encouraged me to persevere and then,
after I became a private in the French
army, he never lost sight of me.
"Not till I became attached to the
War Office, however, did I find time to
do work with a view to publication. To
my surprise I found a ready, if humble,
market for my wares, and It was then
that I first signed my drawings 'Caran
d'Ache,' which, -as you may know, sig
nifies In Russian 'lead pencil. 1 "
did you gradVally make your
way? Or, if it is not an Impertinent
question, to what do you attribute your
first great vogue as a caricaturist?"
"Nay, I consider that a very legiti
mate question, for there must be in
every artist's life a moment when he
finds himself trembling between ob
scurity and popular As for
myself, my first great stroke of luck
was undoubtedly the production of
'L'Epopee' at the Chat Noir."
And as my host uttered these words
there suddenly came into my mind the
half-forgotten recollection of an even
ing at Montmartre, spent in gazing at
the wonderful shadow performance
which was at that time the talk, not
or-hy of Paris, but of Europe.
Many of those to whom "I'Epopee"
stands out among their own cherished
recollections of a visit to Paris are
probably unaware that they owed this
rare artistic pleasure to the now fa
mous draughtsman; for at the time
when the original performance took
place in the strange Bohemian cafe
concert, now numbered among the dead
glories of vanished Paris. Caran d"'Ache
was quite unknown, pave to a small
group of Montmartre Bohemians.
"As to what suggested TEpopee,' "
he added, "that was a very simple mat
ter. A friend asked me to desjgn an il
lustrated cover for a comic song. I at
tempted to carry out my idea by an
application of the old-fashioned silhou
ette. Suddenly it struck me that my
initial idea was capable of unending
developments. I threw myself with ar
dor into the work, and as the result of
hundreds of experiments finally pro
duced the leading scenes of the great
Napoleonic drama, carefully divided
into thirty tableaux. The whole was
engineered, as It were, with the help
of four thousand figures and horses,
musical setting of Kipling's "Manda
lay," a story which he first sung at the
Bohemian Club and which hasmadehim
famous in the clubs of two continents.
Frank Unger was to have lent himself
to the delights of a song and dance
specialty, but has since contracted an
other engagement with a beautiful
daughter of Hawaii, and will be unable
to appear. Primrose & West and
other star minstrel shows will not be
in this black face organization either.
The Bostonians have arranged to close
their season two weeks earlier than
usual In order to be fully represented.
Good Things Done by Caran D'Ache.
each of which was entirely evolved and
produced by me, being first drawn,
then cut out and pasted on a zinc leaf,
which, when once more silhouetted,
produced a sentient member of my large
dramatic company. I may add that
the whole work from beginning to end
was entirely carried out by me.
''The whole action took place across
a comparatively small white screen. I
attended every performance and stage
managed the whole affair myself. I
think I may say," he added, modestly,
"that I succeeded in creating a very
vivid impression of life and movement.
Each detail of every little figure was as
carefully studied as were those of Na
poleon I himself, and I made many ex
periments before I felt even half-satis
fled with the result. The most striking,
and also the most popular, tableau was
undoubtedly 'The Retreat from Rus
sia,' for. a curiously impressive effect
was produced by the slow passage in
single file of countless men, horses,
wagons and carriages across the great
snowbound plains."
But the artist was too modest to
allude to the extraordinary Impression
produced by this strange work of gen
ius. From all parts of the continent ar
tists, eager to make acquaintance with
this extraordinary novelty, crowded to
the Chat Noir. Among those who made
their way up the steep streets of old
Montmartre were celebrities as
strangely different as the Prince of
Wales, General Boulanger and the then
President of the French republic. Meis
sonier, the great military painter, de
clared himself astonished at the ex
traordinary accuracy of the costumes
and uniforms as indicated in the sil
houette. Drawings of I'Epopee were
seni "by request" to the late Czar, who
to the end of his life was one of Caran
d'Ache's most constant patrons. In
deed, much of his best work even now
goes to Russia.
"Strange as you may think it," he
continued, "I have always been ex
tremely anxious to do serious work.
For years I have cherished the scheme
of some day devoting my life to com
pleting a great series of military pic
tures taken from every period of his
tory. One of my heroes, by the way, is
the great Marlborough. But all bril
liant deeds of arms attract me. and
even as a boy I began a collection of
military relics."
"And as to your methods of work?"
"Well, I work very slowly, and so
far I have preferred to dfaw in line. Of
course, from my point of view artists
should be able to draw anything. As
to myself," he added, laughing. "I
leave one branch of art severely alone;
that is portrait painting. Friends have
often asked me to draw them, if ever
I attempt to carry out their wishes
they are anything but pleased with the
result. You see, the worst oi' it is I
really see people in line, ani often,
when I have produced a group which
I consider almost photographic in its
accuracy, I am Informed thai: I have
rarely made a better caricature!"
"And where do you find your sub
| jects?"
Caran d'Ache made a vague gesture.
! "How can I tell? Here, there and cv-
I erywhere; at a smart wedding; at any
; one and at all of the funerals, which,
j alas! play so great a part in our so-
I cial life; when riding on top of an om
nibus; walking, riding, cycling, impres
sions are stamped as it were on my
j brain. I do not entrely rely on mcm
i ory, for I am fond of jotting down
I notes in a small memorandum book if
| I hear a funny or original phrase, a
j joke that strikes me as really new. or
i anything that will suggest a new com
■ position. I make use of a kind of ar
| tistic shorthand, which I will defy any
i one but myself to understand; the
' signs are made very quickly, they over
lap one another; to me each is instinct
with meaning, and even with form.
But when it cornea to the finished draw -
I ing" — he paused a moment and took a
: long breath— "that is a very different
j, matter, no pains can be too great; and
I I can truly say that at no time, even
Beside Cowles and Philp, Barnabee and
Macdonald will sing ana dance with* a
quadruple quartet of Lambs, which in
cludes several singers already men
tioned, and Van Renssler. Wheeler,
Fred Robinson, Digby Bell, Edwin Hoff,
Edmund Stanley, Charles Hopper,
Richie Ling, Mark Smith and G. Peru
gini.
After the minstrel part will come a
pantomime sketch entitled "L'Affair
dUne Melodic," interpreted by the elo
quent gestures of Joseph Holland and
Fritz Williams.
Then comes Augustus Thomas' trav
when I was very poor, did I allow the
necessities of the moment, if I may
use such an expression, to control my
output. I am a believer in very care
ful and conscientious work. People
imagine that my drawings are 'dashed
off.' I bow down before those who can
produce easily; alas! I cannot claim to
imitate their example. Take one com
paratively simple matter, that of cos
tume. Tell me what a man wears, and
I will tell you what manner of man he
is."
"Then Lt is true. Monsieur, that you
attach an immense importance to
clothes?"
"Yes, indeed."
"And is there any special work now
occupying your attention?"
"Well, In one sense, I always have
more to do than I seem able to ac
complish, and once a week I contrib
ute half a page of political sketches
to the Figaro; but at present I am
devoting a great deal of thought, to
say nothing of time, to working out a
scheme which will probably first see
the light in a completed shape at the
forthcoming exhibition of 1900. I am
thinking of calling it 'La Rue de Cent
Ans,' 'The Street During a Century,'
and it will be a kind of panorama em
bodying the life, movement and poetry
of the typical Paris thoroughfare dur
ing the last hundred years. Among
other things will be shown the many
modifications undergone by traffic from
the days of the post chaise to those
which have ushered in the motor car.
Perhaps you will hardly believe me
when I tell you that I have found
working up this subject a matter of
absorbing interest. I have literally
hundreds of authorities, and the more
I go on, the more absorbed I be
come. Of course, there will be many
glimpses at the great revolution, and
the first and second empire will also
play th-ir part, and then there will
be the grim siege of Paris. I am avoid
ing any element of melodrama; but
picturesque incidents are of course wel
come, and one of the most important
features of the scheme will be a re
construction of the historical review
held by Napoleon I on the Place dv
Carousel."
"By the way, surely when compos
ing this kind of work you find it ne
cessary to make use of models?" 1
"No, indeed. I have very strong
views concerning the professional
model, and in this matter I disagree
with many of my most talented com
rades. To my mind, no professional
sitter can give a true impression of
life and movement. That a man or
woman should be suddenly able to
slip into the skin, as it were, of an
other character would argue on his
or her part a very notable dramatic
gift. Why should we expect to find
a great actor or actress in every pro
fessional model? Now, animals make
very good sitters, and every dog lover
will admif that no one can be a bet
ter poseur than our intelligent four
footed frtend when he has a mind
that way. Still, from my point of
view, beasts are quite as interesting
as human beings. Whenever I can
spare the time I enjoy an hour In the
Jardin d f Acclimitation as much as any
of the children whom I see there.
Horees have always remained my fa
vorites, but there are many creatures
precious to the artist; elephants, for
Instance, are peculiarly picturesque,
and lend themselves most happily to
pen and pencil."
"By the way. do you yourself gen
erally work with a pen or with a pen
cil?"
"At the present moment ost of my
drawings are done with pen and ink,
or, which in some ways I like better,
with a very fine brush. I have thou
sands of studies, for I so often modify
my original conception that these gen
erally become very useful <.o me after
ward. When whatever drawing I am
engaged on approaches its final stage
I fasten it by its edges upon a large
sheet of glass; this enables me to
change or add such details as I think
fit. Of course, as regards reproduc
tion, I prefer the old-fashioned wood
esty on Belasco called "The Art of
Maryland," which has been played
twice before by the Lambs, once at
their own Gambol, and another time
here at the Bohemian Club's jinks.
Crane, Hopper, Hilliard, Cyril Scott,
John Kellard and Digrby Bell have the
leading parts, while E. L. Davenport,
Charles Richman, Joseph Herbert, Jo
seph Grismer, Burr Macintosh and
Ferdinand Gottschalk are relegated to
the subsidiary roles.
In addition to this, Dan Dalv, Igrnatio
Martinettl, Willie Collier and Wal
ter Jones will appear as the big four;
bjock; my editors, however, do not see
eye to eye with me in this matter.
By the way," he added quickly, "I
have never consented to work to order.
A STENTORIAN VOICE.
I.
CORPORAL: "Attention! Shoulder Arms !!"
LIEUTENANT: "That won't do at all. Louder. Corporal. Like this."
11.
LIEUTENANT: "Shoulder A-R-R-U-M-S !!"
I and Wilton Lackaye. Henry E. Dixey,
i Jeff D'Angelis, Harry Conor, Joseph
I Grismer, J. E. Dodge and others will
I supply the acting for a travesty called
| "Perfect at 10."
! There can be no doubt of the finan-
I cial success. The Lambs themselves.
j conservative financiers, think the re
■ ceipts will run as high as $7500 a per
i formance, making a total of $75,000 for
j the trip. With this amount the mort
j gage can be lifted higher than a kite.
| and there will be enough left over for
: a grand triumphal feast for the work
! ers.
that is to say, I must be quite free to
choose my own subject."
No less than 917 of the London cab
drivers are between 60 and 70 years of
age, 157 between 70 and SO: while one
venerable patriarch, who is going on
for 90, still holds a license. There are
also 118 omnibus drivers over 60, and
of these IS are over 70. London con
tains 15,011 cab drivers and 651. omni
bus and tramcar drivers.RUSH TO THE ENDS OF THE EARTH FOR GOLD
A WISE man once remarked: "Goia is wher
ever you find it." And when you come to
look into the matter you find there is a great
deal of truth in the sentiment. Nature has
been so lavish in her distribution of the pre
cious metal that no continent or climate is
without Its share.
To-day men are digging for gold under the burning
Bun of ihe tropics and amid the deathly cold of the
long:, long Arctic, night.
No climate is sufficiently formidable to deter the
gold seeker, and once the madness is upon them men
will as glaGly lay down their lives in plague-stricken
Fkaguay as in malarious New Guinea. Even now,
early in the seasi.-n as it is, boats are loading up in
Australia for Alaska, and the men who but a few
years ago ruphed across the arid doserts of Western
Australia, following a long line of plodding camels,
"the ships of the desert," as the Arabs call them, will
ehortly be guiding a dog sled over the snows of the
Chllkoot Pass, or steeering a flat-bottom boat down
the rapid Yukon.
A contrast between these two rushes illustrates
moat forcibly the vicissitudes of a miner's life. All the
early finds which made Australia famous as* a gold
producing country took place on the eastern side of
the continent, and comparatively near the seaco-ast.
I; ere the land is fertile and well watered, there is a
large farming population and railways intersect the
country in every direction. Even during the '50's, be
fore the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales
fully opened up, the distance from the seacoast
diggings was not difficult to manage for the
poorest seekers after fortune. From Melbourne it was
an ea^y walk to Ballarat, and from Sydney, though the
Elue Mountains had to be crossed, there was a well
made coach road all the way to Bathurst.
But in Western Australia the conditions which met
the prospector were entirely different. The center of
Australia was once a vast shallow lake, now it is an
arid desert, where little but salt bush and spinifex
an! where yecrm often puss without a drop of
rain falling- The difficulties to be encountered were.
In their way, quite as great as those which the Klon
diker has to face. Only for frozen ranges you must
substitute burning sands, for blizzards dust storms and
for dogs arid sledges camels and pack trains.
Yet, in spite of all these obstacles, an intrepid pros
pector, in 1291, started out into the desert from South
tern Cross, then the outpost of the Western Australian
Fines. Though but a small mining township, South
ern Cross became famous shortly afterward for an
other reason. It was the place to which Deeming, one
of the most remarkable murderers of the century, fled
after killing and burying a wife in Melbourne. Deem
ing's method, it will be remembered, was to quietly
make away with his wife, and case her in cement un
drr the fireplace of the parlor. He repeated this op
eration several times, and when arrested at Southern
Cross had already ordered a quantity of cement, so as
to be ready for the new bride whom he was shortly to
ry.
Deeming had nothing to do with the great Cool
gardie gold finds. It was the plucky Bayley who made
his way with infinite difficulty through the trackless
desert. Even a camel cannot travel forever without
water, and thus Bayley's journeys were restricted.
But about ISO miles from Southern Cross he met with
his reward.
He found a very rich alluvial patch, and after some
little prospecting discovered the outcrop of the reef.
The specimens of quartz which he brought away with
him assayed very richly, and with the news one of the
greatest gold rushes of the century set In. Bayley, in
accordance with the mining laws of the colony, re
ceived a reward, as the name which the mine still
bears, 'Bayley's Reward." indicates.
Coolgardie was not a poor man's diggings. Though
there was plenty of wondeilully rich alluvial, there
was no water with which to wash it. Dry blowing
was resorted to. with more or less success, and some
very ingenious blowers were invented to meet the de
mand. But in the early days the cost of living wa3
tremendously high; everything had to be brought from
the seaeoast on the backs
of camels, and even water.
that most necessary of all
fluids, cost $2 a gallon. The
saloonkeeper, when you
asked for a drink of
whisky, would hand you
the bottle to help yourself
as freely as you chose.
but if you were so
exacting as to demand
water with it. he would measure out the precious fluid
with the most niggard hand.
Despite all these drawbacks thousands of poor
prospectors essayed to make their way to the diggings.
Carrying their -'swags." as the Australians call a
man's roll of bedding and clothes, they toiled painfully
along the dusty track, already clearly defined by the
whitening bones of those who had lain down by the
wayside to die. The stages between water were ex
ceedingly long, often a couple of days' journey, and
to fall on the road meant the most terrible of all
deaths— by thirst. How many perished miserably in
the desert will never be known; no record is ever kept
of the nameless dead who have fallen by thousands in
all parts of the world while madly seeking for gold.
Gradually, of course, the rush began to organize it
self, and the danger of the journey was in some de
gree lessened. A favorite plan was for a number of
miners to combine and hire a cart, in which they placed
their luggage, while unencumbered they walked be
side. The great drawback to this method was that at
the worst part of the road the horses generally broke
down from lack of feed and water, and then the un
fortunate prospectors, themselves suffering from thirst,
had nothing for it but to carry their own burdens, and
hasten to the nearest water hole, thankful if they
might get even a mouthful of muddy, fetid water.
Another and more successful method was to use a
wheelbarrow, and hundreds of men pushed their be
longings in this way to the diggings. One ingenious
individual evolved a new scheme. He placed his outfit
in a cask, through which an axle was run, thus en
abling the curious contrivance to be drawn along the
road after the fashion of a garden roller.
But none of these contrivances would have enabled
men to live at Coolgardie, had it not been for that
wonderful beast, the camel. The use of this animal is
not a new thing in Australia. For many years it has
been employed amid the sheep stations of the "back
blocks" which fringe on the desert center of the conti
nent. At Bourke. in New South Wales, some 500 miles
from the coast, the camel-carrying business is quite an
extensive industry. It is undertaken entirely by Af
ghans, and therefore meets with the most bitter oppo
sition from the white carriers, who, with horse or bul
lock teams, formerly monopolized the carrying trade.
There are over a thousand camels at Bourke, and ev
ery day you can see a long string start forth, led by a
white-robed Afghan, for a journey of perhaps several
hundred miles to some outlying station. They take up
food and supplies of all kinds, and return with great
bales c-f wool, slung one on each side of the camel.
THE conditions of travel which prevail in icy Alas
ka are so utterly different from those of any tem
perate clime that even the most experienced Cali
fornian or Australian traveler will find himself
utterly lost when he lands at Dyea or Skaguay.
Just now, as the beast of burden, the dog is all
the craze, for the parties leaving Fnus early 57T the
season expect to get over the passes and well on the
way to Dawson before the snow melts. And as the
dog is the only beast of burden used by the Alaskan
Indians, everybody wants dog, no matter what kind of
dog; anything will do, so long as It is dog.
The demand for the useful canine has been so great
that California has been pretty well stripped of its big
dogs. Every steamer takes away scores of these ani
mals; the steamer National City carried over 100, while
the Australia carried even more. During the past few
BY CAMEL TRAIN OVER THE BURNING DESERT TO COOLGARDIE.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
months to own a St. Bernard or a Newfoundland has
been a serious responsibility; any number of dogs
have been stolen, and the departure of each steamer
has witnessed some amusing scenes between irate dog
owners and Klondike adventurers.
In most cases the dogs were honestly bought by the
prospectors from well-known city dealers. But the
real owner c-f the animal app red on board with a
search warrant, and there was no resisting the strong
arm of the law. The dog had to be landed, pending
judicial inquiry, and the miner, having no time to
bother with lawsuits, had to let the matter drop and
submit patiently to his loss.
Almost every kind of dog has been taken to Alaska
— St. Bernards, Newfoundlands, Great Danes, mas
tiffs, retrievers, bird dogs of Indescribable breeds,
have been bought and shipped at prices often rang
ing as high as $150. Yet in the face of all this the
latest reports from Skaguay inform us that any num
ber of dogs can be had there for $10. As this is ex
actly the freight which the steamers charge for tak
ing the dogs up, it seems likely that many of the
prospective millionaires, when they land at the head
of the Lynn Canal, will rather regret their expensive
investment in dog flesh, the mon so as it is highly
probable many of the dogs, either through ill-treat
ment or constitutional weakness, will perish beneath
the rigors of tfiis Arctic clime.
It is one thing to own a team of real Eskimo dogs,
inured by generations of breeding to every form of
hardship, and quite another to deal with the delicately
bred city dog, who has never done an hour's work in
his life. Of course, the St. Bernard and the New
foundland come of a cold-resisting stock; they have
the thick, furry coats necessary to protect them from
the frost, and as long as their feet hold out they may
be of some use. But what the poor short-haired dogs,
such as the Danes and the mastiffs, are going to do
in the Arctic it is hard to imagine.
A city butcher, who has had some Alaskan expe
rience himself, made a remark the other day which
illustrates the ignorance and inexperience of many
Klondikers. "A man came here." he said, "and or
dered six barrels of corned *eef to feed his dogs on.
Corned beef! Why, the poor brutes will have their
tongues hanging out and be parched with thirst be
fore they have done half a day's work."
The butcher knew what he was talking about; It Is
as necessary to provide water as meat for dogs who
BY DOG SLED OVER THE FROZEN SNOW TO KLONDIKE.
are working hard. And everybody who has been In
the Arctic regions know that you cannot eat snow; it
only increases instead of diminishing your thirst. You
must stop and light a fire and melt the snow before
you can get a drink. To melt enough snow to satisfy
the thirst of a team of dogs fed on corned beef would
be a Herculean enterprise.
Still, putting corned beef on one side, the difficulty
of feeding dogs is the great obstacle to their use on
long journeys. A team will only drag enough food to
last it for thirty or forty days, so a month's journey
is the outside limit of their utility. Of course, you can
do as Nansen did, and eat the dogs when there is
nothing more to feed them upon, but the plan hardly
sounds satisfactory.
4 Probably the best feed for dogs, because of its com
pact nutritiousness, is the dog biscuit, made of a mix
ture of meat and meal. The one drawback is the ex
pense — the biscuits cost about 15 cents a pound. As a
cheaper substitute the butcher recommended Indian
cornmeal mixed with crackling, a compound sufficient
ly heating for this rigorous clime.
Before any work can be expected from these im
ported dogs it will be necessary to carefully shoe
them, for their tender feet will never stand work over
the ice-clad rocks of the passes. It is estimated that
three good-sized dogs will draw an ordinary seven
foot single sled, such as is commonly sold in the city.
Some prospectors, going in large parties, propose to
use two sleds, fastened together, and hauled by a
team of seven. This is more after the Indian fash
ion, who harness up their dogs in teams of from seven
to eleven, according to the weight of the load and the
size of dog. But each full-grown dog is supposed to be
able to draw a hundredweight for his share.
The method of harnessing is very different from
that used for horses or other larger beasts ot burden.
The dogs are fastened to a single yoke line by a
breast strap, and have no guide reins, the animals
having sufficient intelligence to obey the voice of their
master. But, to make sure, a leader of known sagac
ity is usually selected, and, obeying his master's
voice, he takes care that the team moves in the right
direction.
1920
NEW EAD OF USING THE LIFE OF ANIMALS TO CURE SICKNESS
THERE is a new fad coming to
the front in "sick circles," or
rather It is an old fad in new
dress, and that is the laying on
or use of animals to cure hu
man ailments. To such proportions has
It grown in France that the ingenious
French have invented a name for it—
Zootherapie— and have started zoother
apie sanitariums. Now there are pro
fessors in zoo lerapie, ir«tructors in
zootherapie and any number of kindly
disposed men and women who will give
you advice in zootherapie or tell you
the experiences of themselves or their
families in trying zootherapie.
The fad has spread through Europe,
has rippled across America and has
reached this city, though here it is
not practiced as yet in all its full
blooded variety as it is across the water.
As yet the laying on of freshly killed
doves and the smaller animals is as far
as the local follower of zootherapie
goes, but in Europe the sick encase
themselves in the bodies of fresh killed
beeves.
Fresh killed doves laid on the head
for the cure of nervous diseases H the
most popular form of zootherapie as
yet that has reached here. Mrs. Eugene
Le Fere, wife of the well-known tan
ner, has tried it. She said: "It is true
the French have faith in the healing
power of a freshly killed dove. We
tried on my own little baby who died
a few months ago. We had the very
best doctors in the city and when they
said they could do nothing more for the
child 1 was frantic with grief. Some
one suggested the dove. I immediately
tried it. You know at a time like that
you snatch at the slightest hope. It
did not help my baby, but then she was
past help befor- we tried it.
"I remember when I was a little girl
I had a fever and they put the dove
cap, as I called it, on me. I don't re
member whether I was sick long after
the application.
"I know of a great many French
families here who put on the freshly
killed dove when their children have a
fever and almost always it draws it
out. You ca/i safely say that the cus
tom of using a dove is general among
the French people."
In Paris the most popular zoothera
pie sanitarium is frequented by all
sorts and conditions of people with dis
eases ranging from "housemaids' knee"
to "mumps." The doctor does not
claim to be able to set a broken leg by
placing a patient in contact with an
animal who has four sound ones, nor
does he admit any one to his sanitar
ium who is in need of a surgical opera
tion. But for all nervous diseases, hu
mors of the blood, fevers and the like,
he asserts that his live remedies are
far more effecient than those prescribed
by the regular old-time practitioners.
Weak and nervous patients are given
blood baths, the beneficial results of
which are said to eclipse electric, Turk
ish. Russian or any other kind of bath.
An abattoir is a necessary adjunct to
the sanitarium, for the bath tub is not
the usual porcelain one, but the patient
is put Into a freshly killed calf, and the
hide is quickly sewed up, so as not
to allow the heat of the blood and en
trails to escape. Just enough air is
permitted to enter the interior of the
animal to allow the patient to breathe
with ease. After remaining a variable
length of time in this unique bath, ac
cording to the state of health of each
individual, the patient is taken out and
plunged into a hot water bath.
Sometimes but one such bath is con
sidered necessary to restore the weak
By
FRANCES C. TREADWELL. D.D.S.; MRS. LOVELL WHITE; MME. L. (\. SORBIER. Pres. W. E. 1. U.; DCRCfIS J. SPENCER, Cor. Sec. W. C. T. U.; ADDIE L. BALLOU, Notary Public; ALICE MOORE McCOMfIS, losurarjce Representative; LAURfI De FORCE GORDON, LLD.
S American domesticity decreasing?
This question is engaging the serious attention
of our present day sociologists, and with good rea-
M. son, since if the ansyer be in the affirmative the
matter is of the gravest import to our country.
That such a question should be asked at all is one
manifestation of the changed conditions which
have come to us since the time of the almost univer
sal home use of the cards and the spinning wheel, the
brick oven and the candle molds.
Statistics show that in many of the States over 50
per cent of the working men are assisted in the sup
port of their families by the labor of their wives and
children, and that in the United States 4.000.000 women
(or IS per cent of the entire female population) are
wage workers, the number having doubled in the past
twenty years. We also see in our large towns and
cities that men and women seem more and more in
clined to make separate homes and that the "boy and
girl marriages" characteristic of our forefathers and
foremothers rarely take place now among: out Ameri
can young people.
Does all this tend to show that love of home is
dying out among us, and that the advance of women
along educational and industrial lines is practically a
desertion of the duties which were formerly set aside
as her only heritage and the performance of which
was considered her only fitting career?
Some of San Francisco's wise and broad minded
•women promfnent in professional, business and phil
anthropic circles have given the following answers to
the very important question:
• • •
God created man and woman equal, and it was the
selfishness of man which drew the dividing line be-
tween him and woman in
the first place. In the past
that line was overstepped
only infrequently, and gen
erally at the social peril of
FRANCES C.
TREADWELL,
0. D. S.
the woman who was brave enough to ignore traditions
and join the workers of the world. But all this has
changed. Women of all classes and conditions work
at the present time— many who are wealthy for the
very love of being occupied and accomplishing some
thing in the world, and others because necessity in
some form or other urges them on.
To be a wife, a mother, and a good housekeeper is
no longer considered the only proper sphere of woman,
but it is a matter for regret that so many of the poorer
ones lire expected to work both outside and inside
their homes. It is not easy to combine the offices of
bread winner and home keeper, and when a woman
has to fill both places the home generally suffers. Do
mestic life alone demands the best mental and physi
cal energies of woman, and when the wife and mother
overtaxes her strength in any way the result is fatal
to the welfare of her posterity. The main trouble with
women who work is that they are usually not content
with doing a man's work as nearly as they can, but
try to do a woman's work also in tL^ nours during
which the man takes his needed rest. The woman who
tries to "keep house" evenings after working hard all
day is a martyr indeed, but there are many such
among our working people.
Husiness and professional women are solving this
problem for themselves, and the result: Is the "girl
bachelor" and "women bachelor" homes, which are
comfortable and convenient, but seem to be a mistake
from one point of view. Club life for either men or
women can never take the place of home life, the true
home life which God meant us to institute and enior
It is a selfish form of existence at best, and its ten
dency is to make the ease of the individual paramount
to the good of the world. It is the educated the re
fined and the gifted who can make real homes full of
the atmosphere of true domesticity— beautiful' exam
ples to those who live on lower planes; but if they will
not, what then?
• • •
I do not think that domesticity, taken as mean-
Ing the love of home and home life, is decreasing
as rar as women are con
cerned. Love of home is so
natural in woman that
when she is forced by cir
cumstances into the outer
MME. L. A. SORBIER,
President W. E. I. U.
World she appreciates and enjoys it, no matter how
humble it may be, only the more.
person to good health, but often a num
ber must be taken. These baths are
most expensive luxuries, for a beef can
be used but once, as artificial heating
of the blood and entrails does not suf
fice for the natural life-giving warmth
of the freshly killed animal. Only the
rich can afford to indulge in these baths
and the doctor numbers among his pa
tients some of the wealthiest and most
distinguished persons in France.
A live stock farm and aviary are two
other essential features for the sani
tarium. Some patients are ordered to
sleep alongside of a healthy lamb, oth
ers are required to hold a live puppy
to their foreheads at stated intervals,
many are obliged to lie for days on a
couch, hugging close to them cats or
birds of some variety.
It is claimed that in every instance
when the patient recovers the animal
or bird dies, this fact being used as
proof positive that the strength of the
animal is transferable to the patient
by means of contact, and vice versa,
that a disease can be transferred to a
lower animal from a human being by
contact.
While a sanitarium of this sort is an
entirely new idea, the custom of apply
ing certain birds as a last resort in
extreme cases of sickness has been
DON'T CROSS YOUR LEGS.
DON'T cross your legs! Not only
is it bad form, but the well
known Journal of Good Health
has just now made the announce-
ment that it is one of the worst
things in the world for a man or wo
man. It is particularly injurious for
women to sit with one leg swung over
the knee of the other.
Many have often wondered how in
the world they have contracted a split
ting headache, or why their feet get so
cold at times. According to the Jour
nal of Good Health these two troubles
and a score of others are due solely
in many cases to the common habit of
IS AMERICAN DOMESTICITY DECRE ASING?
As far as working to help support the family is
concerned women have always been doing that. Of
course I am speaking now of the middle and poorer
classes, not of the wealthy ones, whose lives are or
dered on different lines. In times past it was the rule
of housewives to do their own washing, make the
clothes for the family, and often the cloth from which
the garments were made, and all the preserves, soap
and candles used in the house, besides many other
things. Thus the wife earned at home as much often
a? the husband's wages amounted to, and sometimes
more, since if he had been obliged to hire the work
done the money paid out would have amounted to his
entire Income.
Machinery has changed all this. Now it is cheaper
to buy the things formerly made at home, and women
not being able to save this outlay must make up the
deficit by going outside the home to earn what they
can in other ways. But whether woman works in a
store, factory or in her own house it makes no dif
ference with the fact that she works, and has always
wo-rked to help support her family, and is not work
ing any harder now than before; nor is she any less a
good wife, mother or home maker. On the contrary,
being more experienced, better educated, and conse
quently having broader views of life, she is better
fitted for these sacred duties.
That there are fewer marriages is due in part, it
seems to me, to the fact that girls no longer feel com
pelled to marry for homes, and are therefore more
particular as to their-choice of husbands than many
were in former times, when to be unmarried was con
sidered rather discreditable than otherwise. But even
now I think that there are very few who are "girl
bachelors" from choice. It is an exceptional woman
who would not like to be a mother,. but many sensible
and good Women who would make good wives prefer
to live single rather than to have men not of the high
est type for the fathers of their children.
This, I think, is one cause of the decrease in mar
riages among our better educated young women, but
the greatest cause is that men who could support fam
ilies are many of them keeping "bachelors* homes,"
preferring the freedom of such establishments to do
mestic happiness. It Is a regrettable fact that many
of. our men lead lives as bachelors which are by no
means up to the high standard of morals which they
would require of any woman whom they would think
of making a wife; and it is also regrettable-greatly
RPl7inrt^,i^ t , becom "red of dlss.pation and
self-indulgence families of good standing and respec
tabihty will receive them as husbands for their daugh
ters Under these circumstances it is not to be won
dered at that such men marry, if they marry at all
very late in life, and that as far as i«™ate rests ft
orTnccmaged" 1^ 11 ™sticity is very little hefpid
In conclusion, let me say that two ideas imDress
me very strongly. One is that there should h^t^f
fw C B if n^ ard ° f morality f^ both S ex«r{he other
that all Government positions should be glVen to
X° e nS pe hh rr a g famille3 tO SUPPOrt ™tteeh c cr g than o°
• • *
I believe America to be assuredly the land of do
mesticity and of the^deal home, both now and hrfhe
future. I do not define do
mesticity to mean, how
ever, a chimney corner ex
istence, which necessitates
the servility or domestic
labor and the unrestricted rearing of children beyond
the limit of parental ability to comfortably clothe,
healthfully feed and consistently educate them with
out becoming beasts of burden, so to speak, in the ac-
ADDIE L BALLOU,
Notary Public.
complishment.
I believe woman should become as proficient In as
many and varied arts and professions that are wage
producing as men, and that she should be a sharer and
helpmeet in his responsibilities and wage earning and
proprietorship of the same, other conditions being
equal, excepting always the periods when through her
highest domain, that of motherhood, all v t vital and
moral energies should be directed toward the most
perfect production and care of her child. I believe it
to be incompatible with the spirit of American woman
hood to be dependent upon another rot- the require
ments of an existence.
In the home should be mutual experiences and in
terests, a comraderie of confidences which can only
come through equal opportunities, educational and
otherwise, and an equal standard of morals, and re
trenchment of vices. It is the violation of this order
for centuries that has caused our womanhood to as-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
INCASING THE PATIENT IN A FRESHLY SLAUGHTERED BEEF.
practiced in France since time Imme
morial. Especially is this true in the
provinces. When medical treatment is
of no avail a dove is used as the last
hc-pe. The head is cut off, then the bird
is slit open from ' neck to tail, and
feathers, blood and all is spread on the
patient's head, forming a sort <>f cap.
The people believe that the dove has
healing powers only when applied to
seeking comfort by crossing the legs.
"Cold feet, varicose veins, headache, ul
cers and countless other troubles from
the improper circulation of the blood
in the lower limbs are caused by the
pernicious habit of crossing the legs,"
this medical journal goes on to say.
The reason why such serious diseases
follow the mere crossing of the legs is
a purely physiological one. If you
cross your right leg over your left knee
you will notice that the whole weight
of the suspended right leg is sustained
by the left knee, which places all of
the pressure against that under part
of your right leg between the calf and
the knee-cap. Now, any school text
children. Curious investigators have
come to the conclusion that the belief
is probably due to the fact. that the
dove is emblematic of purity and inno
cence, and therefore it is meet that it
be used only for children.
Care and discretion are used in the
selection of the dove, in whom the
heart-broken family repose so much
trust. A white one must never be taken,
book on physiology will show that just
In the very spot where all the pressure
is placed there is a large number of
large veins, nerves and arteries.
The mere fact of putting undue pres
sure against this spot in either leg has
the effect of crowding all these tissues
together, their walla are clogged up
and the circulation of the life-giving
fluid is materially interfered with. Of
course the absence of a plentiful sup
ply nf blood to the Eega and feet causes
them to become s<> susceptible to the
cold air that the least draught causes
the feet to become annoyingly cold.
As a relief it is suggested that one's
feet may be put on the rungs of an
opposite chair when one is not in com
pany, and to facilitate the comfort of
visitors and callers numbers of has
socks should be placed in every waiting
room and drawing room.
sert itself. It is growth, and not aggression. It is
the broadening out of woman's latent «nd loftiest
powers, the pluming of her wing to the higher nest,
that in her freedom an advancing posterity may never
wear a yoke.
The higher the civilization, the endowment and ed
ucation, the greater the capacity for enjoyment and
the power of conferring enjoyment. Tncrefore each is
struggling to excel herself and others, and in the
tumult of trying to overtake lost opportunities every
one and every trade is treading upon the heels of the
foremost, and a danger signal flies at the entrance to
a new century. But that order will evolve from chaos
in due time I have no doubt.
"Marry and multiply," for numbers may be a ne
cessity of the new colony; but the helter-skelter is
ruinous to advanced civilization, and I take it as a
promise of a better future domesticity that our girls
prefer celibacy with independence, self-ownership and
possession and disposal of their own earnings rather
than marital absorption and a life of servitude, to
gain an epitaph and name as "relict" on a tomb
stone.
I know of no better remedy for the growing ten
dency to become "girl bachelors" than to lure them
from their bohemia by the surety of good, true and
faithful husbands — a better, cleaner, purer and upright
manhood. For so long as time shall last woman will
love a lover, crave a home, long for the kiss of baby
lips at her breast and lift her adoring eyes to an ideal.
And as she rises in her o-. n self-respect the more ab
horrent will neem that violation of her holiest endow
ment, the mockery of mateless marriage and the be
getting of posterity whose virtues cannot hope to sur
vive the cradle and whose ancestry has lost its honors
with the decadence of passing generations.
• • •
I do not think the woman In business is de
creasing domesticity. Women are in business to
better home conditions. The
desire for a comfortable
home and educational ad
vantages for their children is
the actuating motive of the
ALICE MOORE
McCOMAS,
Insurance Representative.
majority of business women. If 50 per cent of the
working men in Illinois are assisted by their wives
in supporting their families, then 50 per cent of these
men are paid wages too low to provide for families.
This is a matter that our Government, composed of
men, should investigate.
While acknowledging that the number of wage
earning women has doubled in twenty years, we must
recognize the fact that our present financial and in
dustrial systems have made it impossible for the poor
to maintain homes without the united effort of father
and mother— and often children. I consider the em
ployment of children in any business a crime against
humanity. This, however, is a proof erf the love of
home and does not presage the decline of domesticity,
but an effort to maintain it against fearful odds.
I wish I had a whole column in which to speak for
the bachelor maid. A visit to her den will show you
her love of domesticity. When the right man comes
she will make him a lovely wife. But she will never
marry for a home. She has discovered her economic
value, and will never make a liome for a man who will
not show equal ability to maintain it.
American domesticity, as I understand it, is not
In danger. It is in a transition stage, but will coma
out improved when the new man has found himself.
The wives and mothers of long ago were no more
content than the women of to-day. They wrote and
talked of duty and self-sacrifice. They laid great
stress upon what one ought to do and feel, not what
they did and felt.
The proof of what they felt comes with the history
of the factory movement in New England, when they
rushed to the mills to work fourteen hnurs a day.
Lucy Larcum tells the story in "A New England Girl
hood," showing the factory life to be one of ease com
pared to life in the homes they left behind.
A lady of 78, being questioned on this point,
expressed herself with great vigor. "Yes," she
said, "there were contented women, but I prefer the
word resignation as closer to fact. No, my dear, thank
God you live now and not a hundred or even fifty
years ago. The 'good old times' is a dreary humbug.
Give me the new times of to-day and the new man
who is coming along with what they call the new
woman — God bless her. He does not know it, this
thick-headed male whom the woman of the old timo
taught to lay burdens upon us. But he is being made
over with the rest of us, and all at once this old world
for the white dove is the emblem of
death. Nor must the dove be caught
by other than innocent hands, and so
the obtaining of the dove generally falls
to the lot of the youngest child in the
house.
While this practice is more common
in the provinces of France, it is not un
usual in Paris and the large cities. Nor
is the custom found only among the
TRACE BACK YOUR ANCESTORS.
THE Order of the Crown," estab
lished by Miss Henrietta Lynde
Farnsworth of Detroit, Mich., has
been the subject of much ridicule
by persons who dote on the idea
that each American citizen is a sov
ereign by right of birth.
Anybody may be a descendant of
royalty. The man who hauls your
garbage or mends your umbrella may
have in blood a trace of blue. It is a
matter of heredity; not of choice.
In Detroit there are 1000 women who
claim to trace their ancestry back to
will be reconstructed, and then there will be good
times for the whole race."
The process of reconstruction generally brings
with it doubt, fear and confusion. Our domesticity
is in the thioes of this process. The business woman,
who is the greatest factor in this reconstruction
movement, is standing firm— still womanly, still home
loving. She will not be overcome by the shock she is
giving society by her rapid strides toward higher civi
lization, which means broader and therefore more ele
vating womanhood; larger and therefore more stable
and substantial home life.
American domesticity, like all things by nature
imperishable, is simply undergoing a change from an
inferior condition, when
women did no wage-earning
work, to one vastly superior,
when women receive wages
for their work.
MRS. LOVELL
WHITE.
Fifty years ago men complained that ideal domes
ticity could not be attained because there were too
many idle women to be supported by them. The pen
dulum has swung to the other side. Women now have
the liberty to exercise their genius and skill in any
chosen direction, and they are awakening to the fact
that idleness shelters and protection dwarfs the pow
ers alike cf men and women.
The result Is that to-day women are stronger men
tally and physically than they were a generation
since. As mothers they are wiser, more Intelligent;
as wives they are more companionable; as members
of the community more valuable, thus increasing ap
preciably the degree of domesticity.
A nation is great in proportion as its women are
educated and individualized. In countries wh»re
women take an active share in business life civiliza
tion reaches a high degree of development, and domes
ticity, including In its broader sense both home and
country, Is relatively benefited. The fact that four
millions of women in the United States are wage
workers seems to point to the probability that the
golden age is fast approaching, >vhen every human
being shall support himself or herself. The girl bach
elors are to be congratulated upon their enviable po
sition.
In former times the women who did not marry
were called old maids. Having no definite status, they
became objects of derisio-n and spent their lives in
rearing other women's children. Independence is an
admirable quality wherever found, and when the girl
bachelors select a better name, better descriptive of
their state of evolution, no critic need carp.
As to club life for men — man has always made
woman's opinions for her. He tells her to remain in
doors and limit her knowledge to the concerns per
taining to the feminine domain. He declares that
contact with the larger life of the world will take
from her personal charm. She believes him. The re
sult is that he finds companionship at his club, and
when compelled to be at home he generally drops
mentally that he may be in touch with the family in
telligence. So long as mortals lack the power tv
transcend the limits of sex so long will they make
separate habitations for themselves.
I believe the decrease of American domesticity to
be more apparent than real. The increasingly hard
DORCAS J. SPENCER,
Corresponding Secretary
W. C. T. U.
women from assuming the marriage relation and it*
attendant responsibilities- But this by no means
proves a lack of appreciation of its advantages.
A great natural law cannot be subverted by any
artificial conditions. Men may evade the burdens of
domestic life, live in "stag camps," clubs, lodging
houses and restaurants or what not, and women make
to themselves homes without husbands, for both sexes
have demonstrated their adaptability to these make
shifts. They are, moreover, all conscious that such
things are but poor substitutes for something better,
and it is beyond question that the unconquerable in
stinct of domesticity, the irresistible innate desire of
the human heart for the satisfactions of domestic life
threatening in time to be beyond the reach of the
masses, will be the powerful lever by which social and
industrial revolution must come.
In the meantime it must be admitted that young
poor and ignorant. Handed down from
generation to generation, when all else
fails, even the intelligent turn to this
"grandmother's remedy." In certain
districts it is believed that a robin ap
plied in the same manner as the dove
is the best remedy for inflammations.
In Austria people troubled with rheu
matism do not Mock to the springs, but
place the afflicted member in the warm
blood of a freshly killed animal. It ia
claimed that the most serious cases
yield in a short time to this sort of
treatment. The Austrians have long
believed in the healing power of ani
mals.
When the Emperor Leopold I was
born the physicians feared he would
not live. Instead of putting him in an
incubator he was placed in a freshly
killed hog. The royal baby spent the
greater part of a week there.
Each morning a different hog was
used, in order to get the full benefit of
the natural warmth. At the end of the
week the infant prince came out ap
parently as strong and healthy a child
as could be found in all Austria,
some European sovereign. In St.
Louis there are five times that num
ber who could easily do so, were they
to try. For that matter, as a . little
computation will show. w*» are all
descendants of royalty.
In the first place, a man has a
father and mother; second, two
grandfathers and two grandmothers;
third, four great-grandfathers and
four great-grandmothers; fourth, six
teen great-great-grandparents; fifth,
thirty- two great-great-great-grand
parents, and all this in the compara
tively short space of 100 years.
In the course of 200 years a man will
conditions of wage-earners,
created by the prevalent
competitive system of capi
tal and labor, must of neces
sity discourage men and
find himself with the blood of 922
families coursing ttirpugh his arterial
system; yet people boast of their
descent from a man whose proportion
in their make-up is is 1 to 922, when
they will not even claim their second
cousins, unless they tave coin.
But people who are pining for an
cestry to boast about\ do not stop at
200 years. They go back down the dim
aisles of history lookin? for men who
made their mark with a signet ring,
because they could not write their
names and who were distinguished
principally because of their numerous
progeny. \
In 300 years, it is estimated, one
man's blbod would become diffused
through the veins of 1.015,302 people.
What would be the proportion if
they were to go back to 1056 A. D. ?
Let those who make pretensions to
blue blood cast their eyes over this
table:
Parents
Grandparents J
Great grandparents jj
Great (twice) grandparents Jjj
Great (3) grandparents • «*
Great (4) grandparents.. '• - |J*
Great (5) grandparents , jr"
Great (6) grandparents :... *^°
Great (7) grandparents •. • Jj«
Great (S) grandparents J-jj'4
Great (9) grandparents.. »-°|*
Great (10) grandparents f.°™
Great (11) grandparents 8.19.
Great (12) grandparents irSH
Great (13) grandparents... 32,7t>S
Great (14) grandparents 5?.53S
Great (15) grandparents 12 H ?
Great (16) grandparents 212.3U
Great (17) grandparents 454.65S
Great (18) grandparents 969,376
Great (19) grandparents 1,935.
Great (20) grandparents 3.577.504
Great (21) grandparents • 7,756.008
Great (22) frrandparents 15,510.016
Great (23) grandparents .31.020.033
' Total ancestors since A. D. 1066.. 62.049,931
If a man have that many ancestors,
remember, for pity's sake, where doea
he figure in the line of posterity?
The number of descendants of 62,049
932 human beings would be more than
ever peopled the earth at one time.
And that is only one family.
A contemplation of such a proportion
is like trying to calculate the distanea
to a given star or to imagine the im
mensity of the universe.
It is enough to unhinge the mind and
put the whole race in asylums.
A man never knows what he is until
he gets to digging up the records of hia
forefathers.
Miss Farnsworth probably did not
take these facts into consideration.
Mrs. John Jacob Astor, it is said, is
to be chosen national president of the
new organization. She traces her de
scent to Hugh Capet, the founder of a
French dynasty; to the Plantagenets
of England and to the royal Saxon line,
which had its origin in Augustus the
Strong.
Mrs. Vanderbilt has also been re
quested to join. She is descended from
King Edward I of England.
Only one man has been admitted to
this cerulean-blooded society, and that
only on account of his ability as a
genealogist.
An aerial bicycle for driving a bal
loon was recently tried at the Crystal
Palace, England. The machine is fit
ted to the car of an ordinary balloon,
over the front of which a big fan,
something like the screw of a steamer,
projects. It is worked from the inside
exactly as a bicycle is, while between
the balloon and the car are two more
such fans, which are to drive the bal
loon up or down. These fans are
worked by the driver turning a handle
just on a level with his face.
Careful measurements prove that the
average curvature of the earth is 6.99
Inches to the statute mile.
men are less disposed to settle In life, and young
women have learned that self-support is better than
marrying for a home. The tendency is certainly Hjl
less early and more deliberate marriage. The heartw
stone may not bo laid so soon, but it will not be less
sacred; and the children to gather about it will be
tenderly and intelligently cherished.
The attention now given to child study refutes In
itself the idea that American domesticity is decreas
ing. The literature of the subject grows daily more
rich and profase. From the mothers' meetings of the
cottage and schoolhouse to the lectures of the uni
versities, and the national council of mothers, child
hood is recognized as the supremely important period
of life.
The child claims the best tho-ught of the age. Be
hind ail this is the great principle of love of home, of
which the child is the central thought. The hearth
stc-ne is the altar of the republic, and American citi
zenship can be trusted to keep its altars bright.
• » *
There has never been a time when either laws or
customs of society prevented women from working.
In fact, the earlier civiliza
tions made of woman a
drudge, with all the condi
tions the word implies. It is
only since woman herself,
LAURA DE FORCE
GORDON,
Attomey-»t-L»w.
impelled by that inherent force which so mysteriously
connects us with the great law of evolution, has
sought to gain knowledge, as well as to broaden her
sphere of labor, that society, church and state have
united in holding her in check.
The past half-century has brought wonderful and
rapid changes in the condition of women the" world
over, and among them all, perhaps, the most
marked change is in the opening up of so many lines
of industry hitherto monopolized by men.
To understand even a little how this condition
came about it is necessary to study the marvelous
changes that have been wrought in the whole world
of work and industry by the wonderful discoveries
in the do-main of science and of art. The discovery^
of steam and electricity as servants to do the bidding^
of the human mind, together with the brilliant array
of mechanical inventions which seem a natural se
quence thereto, have been to this age what the dis
covery of gunpowder and the art of printing were to
man from the sixteenth century onward to the nine
teenth.
But this century has brought greater changes In
the industrial conditions of women than of men. With
all the advancement made for thousands of years
past, the condition of woman as a household drudge,
a servant in the home of her master, whether father
or husband mattered not. was unchanged. The dis
taff and spindle, the loom and embroidery frame,
varied by kitchen work, held women for ages untold
in the seclusion of the home, whether cot or castle,
but the divine power of scientific discovery has
brought the spinning jenny, the power loom, the sew
ing machine, steam laundry, etc., etc., to change the
whole dumain of domesticity.
Those labor-saving inventions have not emanci
pated woman from the domain of labor, but they
have broadened and enlarged her sphere of industrial
activity.
That wives have always assisted their husbands
in the support of their families needs no argument
but the spinning and weaving and fashioning of rai
ment by hand did not count in domestic statistics
when wives were servants in everything except nam->
and wages.
The employment" of women to do the work that
men might do, while those men are left idle is largely
owing to the greed and avarice of the employer cla
who readily seize upon the political inferiority of
women to offer less pay for the same work P'
women upon an equality with men politically an<l
the employer class will not dare discriminate against
them in the matter of wages.
We cannot go back to the domestic life of a half
century ago if we could. We should strive to adapt
ourselves to the new order of things which is sweeping
us resistlessly onward to, I believe, a higher and n - I
bier life, both domestic , and social, for men and '
women alike.
If there is a tendency of the sexes to make separ
ate homes it proves, at least, the enjoyment of
a greater degree of persoi al and individual llbcrty
than when "old maid" was a term of contempt, and a
lorn bachelor" called for legislative curatives in tho
shape of fines.ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT BARRIOS OF GUATEMALA.
Strange Events That Surrounded
the Deaths of the Barrios,
Uncle and Nephew.
By an Eye-WitQess of the Assassination of Reya Barrios.
IST'^OD but a few feet away, and
distnetly saw Oscar Zollinger shoot
Jos Maria Reyna Barrios, Presi
dent of Guatemala. An hour before
I J.ad seen this same Oscar Zollin-
g( ■ watching a game in the bil
liard room of the Hotel Germania. He
was The only stranger in the room, but
It was not that fact alone that drew
my attention toward him. His unusual,
light, magnificent physique and clean,
sharply delined features made him
stand out in bold relief in a room
filled with swarthy, thick-set Span
iards.
"The Jefe Politico told me," said one
Of the billiard players, "that President
Barrios has received three warnings
that an attempt will be made to as
sassinate him to-night."
"As well to-night as any other time,"
chimed in another: "it's bound to come,
sooner or later. Caramba! Does Bar
rios think the people will let him drain
the country of its last real? He cannot
take his money with him into the next
world. For that muchas graeias: I,
myself, would like to see his infer—"
- 'Sh!" came in warning whispers.
One of the director-generals entered
the room and walked through, in the
midst of a tell-tale silence.
As he disappeared through the outer
door. Zollinger walked away from the
biliard-table and picked up a book, ap
parently taking- no interest in the con
versation, that was resumed the mo
ment the director-general disappeared.
!t-e kept his eyes g±ued on the book; but
I noticed that he did not once turn a
page.
"You should have been In the theater
the other night," said Don Antonio,
the owner of a coffee plantation in
Quezaltenango, "you could have seen
how popular the President is. The
house was packed. When the premiere
danseuse came out in the last act they
threw across her skirts the Guate
malan flag. The people shouted them
selves hoarse. Then they threw a pic
ture of Senor McKinley and every one
applauded, especially the Americans.
The third time she came out seven
letters appeared. Hisses and groans
came from all parts of the house.
Why? The letters spelled 'B-a-r
r-i-o-s.' The poor little dancer thought
at first they were hissing at her. The
hisses mingled with maledictions on
Barrios grew louder and the manager
rang down the curtain.
"That night Barrios - probably
thought of the last time the name
'Barrios' appeared on the curtain of
the opera-house and how differently
it was received. It would be strange if
with him, as with his uncle, that thea
ter incident should be the beginning of
the end."
'As with the uncle?" queried a
newly arrived American.
Looking back in the light of buc
~ events I r™ sure that despite
hi? evident disinterestedness, Zollinger
listened more intently to my explana
tion than the American.
"President Barrios is the nephew of
a former President of Guatemala,
Justo Rufino Barrios. Rufino Barrios
ruled Guatemala with an iron hand.
Hp was a handsome man, quick to
think and act, bold and determined.
The second year of his presidency he
happened to visit Quezaitenango.
Am< rig those who assembled to do
homage to the President were the pu
pils of the Convent of the Sacred
Henrt. One of them attracted the
President's notice. She was Francesca
Aparicio, half Spanish, half Indian, but
remarkably beautiful. "I shall marry
that girl,' exclaimed the President.
"And forthwith he sent word to her
father, Senor Juan Aparicio, demand
ing the hand of his daughter in mar
riage.
" 'She is too young,' insisted the
father.
" 'Two years from to-day,' replied
the President, after a moment's
thought, 'I shall marry Francesca.'
"Her brother Juan, who was pres
ent, insisted that even then she would
be too young— barely 15 years old.
Juan was promptly arrested and cast
into prison, but shortly released.
"It was explained that he had been
arrested on account of a mistaken sus
picion, but it was currently believed
that the arrest was the result of the
ar.ger of President Barrios at the op
PICTURE ILLUSTRATING THE ENORMOUS QUANTITY OF FOOD CONSUMED BY A MAN IN HIS LIFETIME
INTERESTING calculations made
recently by a German statistician
go to disprove the well-worn ad
age of Goldsmith that "man wants
but little here below." Man wants
a good deal, and that is made evi
dent by the quantity of food he con
sumes in a lifetime— the food that goes
to form the basis of his physical life.
Somewhat surprising in regard to
■weight and quantity is the substance
consumed in a single day by the ordi
nary human being with a healthy ap
petite. When the quantities consumed
in weeks, months and years are calcu
lated and presented to the eye in strik-
ing contrast to the consumer, the ef
fect is little less than startling.
Loaves of bread, big as houses, are
the result. The quantities of meat
Here Is an Astounding Record of What an Ordinary Human Being Eats in the Course of His Existence. Twenty Oxen Are Nothing to Him, and He Smokes Cigarettes Bigger than Goliath. Experts Have Figured Out That an Infant
the Size of the One on the Ox's Back Will Eat, If He Lives an Average Lifetime, an Animal of That Giant's Size.
position to his demand for Francesca.
"True to his word, Rufino Barrios
married Francesco Aparicio two years
from the day he first saw her in Que
zaltenango. Not long after his mar
riage Barrios conceived the scheme of
the unification of Central America. In
this he was prompted by his little con
vent wife, who was even more ambi
tious than her husband.
"In the yeara of revolutions and in
trigues that followed Reyna Barrios
was his uncle's right-hand man. In
the spring of 1885 President Rufino
Barrios proclaimed the unification of
the Central American republics before
the people assembled on the plains
about Guatemala city. Young Reyna
Barrios, risen to the rank of general,
led the artillery in review past his un
cle. The President appointed himself
Dictator amid wild cheers.
'•That night there was a special per
formance at the opera-house here. I
don't think there had been ever such a
gay and brilliant audience asembled in
this city. The officers were there in
Their brilliant uniforms, the ladies in
evening gowns gleaming with jewels,
and in one of the boxes blazing with
diamonds sat Francesca Barrios, on
one side of her her husband, the Dic
tator, on the other, his nephew, Gene
ral Reyna Barrios.
"Well, at the close of the perform
ance the curtain was rung down, and
in huge letters across the bottom was
the name 'Barrios.'
"The people went mad. They cheered
Rufino Barrios. Dictator of five Central
American republics. They sang praises
of his wife, Francesca Aparicio Bar
rios. They applauded loud and long
for General Reyna Barrios.
"What a contrast was this scene to
the hisses of the other night at the
same theater.
"Each one of the Barrios family was
then called upon, and their words were
cheered to the echo by the audience.
"Suddenly the shouts of joy changed
to cries of terror. In some manner the
curtain caught fire from the footlights,
and the flames burned off the name of
the Dictator before the fire could be
extinguished.
"It was prophetic!
"The next night General Barrios, with
20.000 men, Reyna Barrios second in
command, marched against Zaldlvar,
President of Salvador, and on the Sal
vadorean frontier the Guatemalans, af
ter a severe struggle, routed the Bal
dorean army. Dictator Barrios rode nt
the head of his victorious army and
enjoyed but one brief moment of tri
umph, for the next he lay dead, shot
by a concealed Salvadorean.
"But another Barrios lived, and from
Minister of War he rose to be Vice-
President and finally to the Presidency.
"Francesca Barrios, with the im
mense fortune left by her husband, took
her children and moved to New York.
She has married again and is now the
Marchioness Vistabella. They say she
will never forgive President Reyna
Barrios because during the last revo
lution he ordered her brother, Juan
Anaricio, killed. Aparicio was supposed
to favor the anti-Barrios party, but it
had never been proved."
Zollinger got up here ar.i left the"
room. A Spaniard who had saunterea
over to us said: "Don't you know that
that fellow who just left has charge of
the Aparicio plantation. They say ha
wae very fond of Juan Aparicio."
"He is a fine appearing chap; intelli
gent looking, too," said the American,
SHALL WE TAX THE BACHELORS?
WAS it not Benedick, in "Much
Ado About Nothing," who
when being chaffed about
marrying, replied:
"No; the world must be
peopled. When I said I would die a
bachelor, I did not think I should live
till I were married."
So there is still hope for every bache
lor to join the matrimonial state. As
for me, I am a bachelor by preference,
and as such feel I have a right to say
man's proper mission in life is not cor
rectly fulfilled so long as he remains
in what is fallaciously called a state
of single blessedness.
When I add that in many instances
bachelors continue bachelors from
economy, it is because I know that your
simon pure bachelor is selfish. He is
eaten in an ordinary lifetime by the
normal man, when contrasted with him
In the original form of pigs and oxen,
assume the proportions of antediluvian
monsters.
These startling analogies are of the
nature to delight the hearts of doctors
who maintain that men are accustomed
to eat far more than is necessary to
sustain their bodies. The calculations
given below are made from estimates
of the food consumed by a person in a
lifetime of seventy years, with a
healthy appetite for solid and liquid
nourishment. With a proper allowance
for the years of infancy and old age,
when the amount consumed is de
creased probably one-half, the esti
mates are based on a term of sixty
years.
In sixty years, therefore, a healthy
man consumes daily at least a pound
and a half of bread food, in the form
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
BEFORE THE GUARDS COULD RAISE THEIR RIfLES THE ASSASSIN HAD SHOT DOWN THE PRESIDENT.
as we walked out of the hotel to
gether.
At the corner we parted, and I con
tinued my way alone. The streets were
almost deserted, and. as I walked I
mused upon the' chances of the assassi
nation of the second Barrios. 1 thought
he could be in no immediate danger,
for he realized his perilous position
and would guard against treachery.
Within a block and a half from the
Presidential mansion I took out my
watch to note the time. It was 5 min
utes past 8.
Approaching me I could distinguish
three men. As they neared I recog
nized the President in his long military
overcoat, followed by guards.
When I reached- the building for
merly occupied by the German legation
th»- President's party was directly op
posite.
Suddenly I heard rapid footsteps;
there was a flash, a quick report and
the President fell.
I still had my open watch in my hand
and mechanically glanced at it. After
ward I remembered that it was exactly
so because he prefers that mode of life.
So if you touch his vulnerable spot —
not his heart, but his exchequer — and
tax him, grading the tax from the years
of youth to a larger tax as age suc
ceeds, you not alone assist the State,
but possibly force him from his opin
ion and lead him, or rather cause him
to lead, a bride to the altar.
I yield to none in my knowledge of
the Insuperable infelicities which oc
cur in some married lives, and admit
that some are due to early marriages.
By early marriages I mean marriages
which are consummated when the bride
and groom are not of a sufficiently un
derstandable age to appreciate the life
contract into which they are about to
enter. Yet it is my impression that a
young man at 22 has a sufficient idea
of the step he is about to take to view
that as about the period of life when
of bread, rolls, biscuits, etc. The com
bined quantity for six decades would
weigh about 60,150 pounds. Molded into
a loaf of bread the giant loaf would
occupy a space of 440 cubic meters.
If one eats daily about three pota
toes, with a combined weight of one
fourth of a pound, there will have
been consumed in a lifetime a giant
potato that would almost fill a rail
way passenger car, and so heavy that
a corps of porters would be unable to
unload it.
Vegetables consumed In the same
period present a no less formidable ar
ray. In sixty years one person de
vours a half million peas, and Lf these
were imagined In a single pod it would
take an hour's tramp to traverse the
length of the giant vegetable. No less
massive would be the carrot con
sumed. Lettuce leaves, by the same
calculation, would cover the floors of
twelve rooms, while the quantity of
cabbages, beans and minor vegetables
would fill twenty farmers' wagons.
Taken for granted that an ordinary
consumer eats daily for breakfast two
8 minutes after S.
A second later came another shot.
I ran across the street. One glance
at the President was sufficient. He
was dead.
Fleeing in the tpposite direction was
a tall form that looked familiar. The
guards were running after the assas
sin. There was now one but myself to
stand watch over the dead President.
Before the end of the block was
reached another figure and then an
other joined the guards.
I remember 1 thought they must be
policemen who had heard the firing.
A few feet ahead of the pursuing crowd
and running fast I could make out the
tall form of th-- assassin.
Then came another shot. The assas
sin must have fa I en, for seven or eight
shots fnlhiwcd in .iuii-fc succession.
By this time the crowd was beginning
to "gather around the stricken Presi
dent's form. Several lifted it and bore
him to his home scarcely two blocks
away.
I hurried forward and joined the
crowd standing around the dead assas
a man should make a proposal of mar
riage. If within a year or two subse
quent — say at 24 or 25 years of age —
a man has not convinced himself of
the necessity of married life, why a
light tax ought to b.-^gin with the
twenty-fifth year, and be graded from
year to year, the tax becoming larger
as the bachelor becomes older.
Of course when a man arrives at the
proverbial threescore and ten it seems
as criminal to marry then as not to
have married when life blood was at
its best, the physique the strongest and
the intellect acutest. I should as
strongly advise against a marriage
after sixty-five as I would against one
under twenty. If the tax were graded
to a sufficient punishing extent, by the
time a bachelor would have reached
his sixty-fifth year erf age he would, in
my estimation, be considered as having
slices of ham or bacon, for lunch a
veal cutlet and for dinner a half
pound of beef — an estimate by no
means exaggerated — the following
startling comparisons may be
evolved:
The rashers of bacon, ranged one
beside the other, would extend for
three-fourths of a mile. It would take
an hour and a quarter to walk past
the line of cutlets. The beef would
resolve itself into twenty oxen and the
pork into a like number of pigs.
Summed up, the combined quantities
of beef eaten would create a giant ox
79,380 pounds in weight and more than
sixteen feet high. Compare for a mo
ment this monstrous beast with the
tiny baby that will eat and digest the
former at the rate of one pound a day
in a lifetime of sixty years!
If to the meat consumed one adds a
daily portion of a half pound of fish,
there will be an additional amount of
22,000 pounds. There is also the little
item of 10,000 egps to be considered.
The amount of sugar and salt con
sumed can only be superficially calcu
sin. I edged my way to the front to
get a look at him and when I saw his
features under the blood and dirt I
turned sick with horror.
No wonder I had been struck by
something familiar about the fleeing
assassin. It was Oscar Zollinger.
"Who is he?" "Why did he kill him?"
came from all sides.
A planter from Quezaltenango pushed
forward. "He told me coining down
here that Juan Aparicio had been
foully murdered and that President
Barrios would some day suffer for his
misdeeds. He said Juan Aparicio had
I. sen the best friend he had on earth."
"He might have known," said an
other, "that ht_- could not escape."
"He was willing to pay the price of
death for revenge." replied the planter.
I reached the Presidential mansion
just as the carriage drove up with
A! me. Barrios, who had been staying at
her villa in the suburbs of the. city.
Every time I met lime. Barrios I won
dered whether she would not have
gladly exchanged her money and posi
tion to be again free and happy in her
girlhood home in New Orleans. It had
done sufficient penance for his mis
take in not having taken unto himself
a wife.
Regarding the two dollar tax con
templated by the New Jersey statute
I think the amount named too small.
The tax should be graded according to
the income and means combined of the
man who is taxed.
My idea about the money received by
the imposition of such a bachelor tax
would be that it be distributed among
tl>e brides of the poor as wedding dow
ries, which, while being a tax on bach
elorhood, would place a premium on
marriage.
Now, as to the reverse. What about
a man who has been jilted? Should
he not have a rebate? If his is a bona
fide refusal of marriage, should he not
be entirely excused from paying tax?
Has he not completed his mission
lated. In estimating the amounts on
the basis of those declared necessary
for a year's provisioning to the Klon
dike and multiplying them by sixty the
result will give 9900 pounds of sugar
and lfioO pounds of salt. This would be
sufficient sugar to sweeten the rain fall
ing on an acre o-f ground. There would
be enough salt to model the figures of
t.^n men overtaken by the fate of Lot's
wife.
To complete the total it would be only
necessary to add a ton of butter and a
round of cheese about 650 pounds in
weight. Nor are condiments to be over
looked, when it is remembered that the
dabbing of mustard and the sprinkling
of pepper are continued for sixty years.
This adds to the list 100 pots of mus
tard and fourteen pounds of pepper.
Thequantity of fruit eaten is more va
riable. The apple of a lifetime would
be about fifteen feet, the orange and
pear about three and a half feet in size.
The plum would be so big and heavy
that the man who had eaten the fruit
would be unable' to move it.
Calculating, therefore, on a daily ra
been whispered that madame was un
happy. There were lines about her
eyes and mouth that seemed to bear
out this bit of gossip. But if it were
no his sudden death had swept away
all cold feelings.
"Reyna!" "Reyna!" she whispered in
a dazed, heartbroken way as they lifted
her from the carriage.
The crowd before the entrance of the
house confirmed her worst suspicions.
"He is dead!" she said, pitifully, and
fainted away.
The crowd parted and she was borne
within doors.
How Zollinger knew that the Presi
dent would venture forth at just that
hour was the question on every lip.
The only solution offered and the gen
erally accepted one is that by some
means he got hold of the telephone
message sent the President by a lady
requesting him to call at 8:30 that even
ing. Despite the protests of his officers
Barrios replied that he would come.
Complete quiet prevailed in the city
that night. While it was generally ex
pected that Barrios would meet such a
fate the end came from such an un
when he endeavored to take unto him
self a wife?
All things considered, I feel that the
one refusal of an offer made in good
faith should be sufficient to excuse the
man from the tax, because the entire
spirit of any proposed tax should be
that it is inflicted solely on the theory
that man must do what is in his power
to aid society in its moral growth.
If one believes with the poet that
"Marriages are made in heaven," I
can only suggest to the gentler sex the
advice of Cowper: —
Misses! the tale I relate.
This lesson seems to carry —
Choose not alone a proper mate,
But a proper time to marry.
This not alone would be a far reach-,
ing step toward the avoidance of the
contemplated tax, but would make the
seeking of divorce an exception.
tion of one and one-half pounds of
bread, a pound of meat, a half pound
of fish, two pounds of vegetables and
fruit and a half pound of divers other
eatables, there 'would be a total of five
and c-ne-half pounds of food a day, or
almost a ton in one year and fifty-three
and three-fourths tons in sixty years.
Liquids consumed by a human being
present a no less astounding result. A
half-pint of tea or coffee in the morn-
Ing:, as much water, beer, &c, at mid
day, and perhaps a pint In the even
ing, besides a pint of milk, tea, beer
and wine during the day, make three
pints per day, about five hundred
quarts a year, and in seventy years
35,000 quarts. It would take a vessel
2500 times greater than an ordinary
bucket to hold such an amount of li
quid.
Taken all in all, a healthy man with
a good appetite and moderate thirst
consumes in seventy years ninety-six
and a half tons of solid and liquid
foods. If the consumer weighs, say
150 pounds, he will eat and drink dur
ißg his lifetime 12S0 times his own
weight. Transforming all this food
expected quarter that everywhere
groups of people discussed Zollinger's
motives.
As a rule In Central America the man
who kills a President is the man who
wishes to succeed him in office and it
v. as hard for the Guatemalans to un
derstand that a man would kill the
President to avenge the death of a
friend.
Whatever the people had thought of
Barrios living, they preserved a re
spectful silence as Barrios dead was
carried to his final resting place. The
casket was borne on the shoulders of
the army officers of highest rank, the
cabinet ministers and the dean of the
diplomatic corps attending. Along the
avenue lined on either side with soldiers
they bore the casket, followed by the
mounted police, the Indian school with
their band, the Jefe Politico, Justices
of the Peace, Director Generals, sub
secretaries, consular corps, magistrates,
the diplomatic corps, military band and
cadet corps in full dress. Directly fol
lowing the casket was the deceased
President's favorite horse. It was an
impressive scene with all the pomp and
military display fitting for one who had
so often led the army and fought, it
not always wisely, well.
And with Reyna Barrios, as with his
uncle, Rufino Barrios, the theater
had been the beginning of the
end. A strange coincidence. But
Rufino Barrios had left the thea
ter amid cheers and applause to meet
death on the field of battle. Reyna
Barrios, hissed by the people, had died
by the hand of an avenger. Still in
both cases on the eves of their death
the name "Barrios" blazed from the
stage of the opera house.
Another strange coincidence or prank
of fate, or what you will: There was a
strange jumbling of the number 8 in the
fate of this man whose career had be
gun when he was but eight years old
and rode beside his uncle, Rufino Bar
rios, in the latter's first and unsuccess
ful attempt to seize the Guatemalan
Government.
President Reyna Barrios fell on a
street of Guatemala, in front of house
No. 8 at 8 minutes past 8 February 8.
Truly the number 8 was a prominent
figure in his very eventful life.
JOSE ESCOLDIDO.
stuff into mechanical labor, the
strength derived would be sufficient to
lift 87,600,000 tons one foot from the
ground, or to raise the Forth bridge at
Edmburgh, which weighs 264,600,000
pounds, to a height of 1235 feet
Excluding the first twenty years of a
lifetime, the quantity of cigarettes con
sumed by a regular smoker who smokes
a dozen every day would in fifty years
reach the number of two hundred and
nineteen thousand, or a monster rolled
cigarette more than sixteen feet in
length and about five feet thick, beside
which the tallest man would resemble
a veritable dwarf. A cigar smoker
consuming six of his favorite brand a
day would, during his lifetime, smoke
a gigantic cigar of more than sixteen
feet long and almost two and a half
feet thick. It would weigh 4410 pounds
and would take the suction power of a
steam engine to puff it.
As the smoking habit is not neces
sary to existence, it is easily seen how
much money a smoker wastes in the
course of years. A pipe smoker con
sumes in his lifetime a half-ton of to
bacco.
2122
THE EYE OF A GOD
WHEN tho strong arm of the law reached out
for Moung ouray and gathered in Hpo Thit
I, it was this way:
The gray Burmese night was thick when Hpo
Thit gilded like a snake up the steps of the
• bungalow, and told Valentyne, the su
perintendent, that Moung Ouray had opium— many ballst
of it— hidden away in his house.
"vVI" vVI M of Moung Ouray, Valentyne started a
little, for Ouray was Mi lira's brother, and Mi Mra she
•was— but this Is a story of Hpo Thit.
"How do you know of the opium?" asked Valentyne.
"Did you put the beastly stuff there yourself, and then
come to cackle of the eggs of your own hatching?"
"No, -sir. Abdul, who is a dog of a Mussulman, saw
Moung Ouray take it off the 'fireboatf which goes up the
river."
"Did AMiil, who is a Mussulman, see where Ouray
hid the opium?"
"Xo. sir; but will not a Eurman put his jewels In the
strong box that he keeps near his bed?"
• There was a soft rustle just beyond the plaited bam
boo wall, close behind Valentyne's head. It was the sofr.
rustle of silk as MI Mra wrapp d the lemon-colored scarf
about her throat and slipped like a gentle shadow.- down
the back steps of the bungalow.
Valentyne pave a toss in his chair and coughed lone
and lustily. That was diplomatic, for jungle men, like
•Hpo Thit, have sharp ears. >:. -~
flmirA and Ut a lon^ the mango trees tne girl's slight
sfounVou e t, SP f cl •T iftl Z lhrough the gFove towfrd
Jioung uuray s little bamboo house.
ThiT hh ii e f ha kin , e> , V? 0 makes Ml Mra laugh, asked Hpo
h* HM ™ h ii d laid the cess in brother's box. Perhaps
TOwn'mwil shal ' , sce-ha, ha, ha: " and her teeth, which
beads the juice of the supari, gleamed like coral
Hdo Thit^i VtolZ?dV t Ol Z? d fo c r a f*" moments over what
but-but ir* cl tO d hlm V,^ duty was straight enough,
thilam ,m ? piu - up !oh!! oh! he muttered to himself. "It's
the same old bazaar trick of ruining a man."
And also, was not Moung Ouray MI Mra'a brother?
vlUainv uI JE ose J.y e . ot to he) P this blackguard in his
to ihili ♦ lh k u?h '\ he thought; and calling his orderly,
■the Jail? c the ser Scant and a couple of police from
tween 8 n!o n r Th ?', marched down the metaled road, be
illtt-'fi? bb ° X Wa s unlocked on top lay his handsome
and^ v,^ m" °T, aft ' r :ultllh(ir "»e Jaunty little jackets
ana ciiyrs other things were laid on the floor
ueree-uit lifiVrt n , 1 i' rVH r i a 'I* round la< q u^r box. When the
oval whit »in 6Hd /-I 101 vvere four balls there-four
for thVy w, i, Ullhke ° pium as the could, well be.
th^ro V IO riT °" r; kneW that he h£l * nOt P Ut the epgs
had n'nt ir^ tT, mako a T an try of his clothes box. Also,
?he JaroS? boxwhif* em - The balls he had slipped Into
were rmVnrt n^ l ?i h11 ? aioun & Ouray was down at the play
were round and black, not at all like egg?.
The Punjabi policemen were grinning from ear to ear.
\ah-ntyne cave a sarcastic little laugh, and asked Hpo
inn If that was the opium he had seen Moung Ouray
carrying ore the steamer.
. FROM I
PLEJISJLNT DREJI.MS <
TO ?$
HIDEOUS .NI&HT.MJIR,ES "<
I STARTED in with the old cose of
one-ei»rhth of a grain and soon in
creasr-d it to one-quarter, and be
fore my sickness was over I was
taking one grain every twelve
hours.
I thought I could not go to sleep
•without it, and, as T was working hard
during the day, and in water most of
the time, I took another dose, as it
braced me, up, at least for a few hours
I know now when I look back that had
the drug been hard to get I never would
have become a slave to it. I found
it in a country storo that car
ried a line of patent medicines and
poisons, find anybody could purchase it
In any quantity desired.
So, it being easy to get, I kept up its
use, and soon found I had to Increase
the quantity so as to produce the de
sired sensation. In two years I found
I was taking five and six grains every
twelve hours. I then made up my mind
to stop, but found it was beyond my
power to do that without some help. I
kept putting the trial off. I was in
creasing the dose, and in ISP4 I was
using fifty grains of morphine a day, or
twenty-five grains every twelve hours;
enough to kill forty of the strongest
persons to be found.
During the first few years I expe
rienced pleasure, especially when the
firug was taken at night. About twen
Before hje Turned and Ran b\e Fired the Last Shot in H"s Rifle at the Officer.
"TTp Is not got nflm." said the sergeant, and asked if
he should search further.
Before Valentyne could answer a fiendish uproar smote
upon his cars. It was as though the play and the whole
clash of bazaar noises bad been suddenly emptied into the
compound of the Phoongye Kyoung across the road.
It was a proper Oriental babe]; the cry of "thief" cut
ting through the general noise like a sharp-edged knife.
"The bazaar budniashcs (.blackguards) are killing some
one," the sergeant.
"We'll have to go and look into that first," said the
superintendent; "we'll come back here and finish the
search after. You must come too, Ouray, so that this
devil cannot say that you had a chance to hide anything."
That also was diplomatic; but it was the little slip of
losing track of Hpo Thit that gave the Nahts (spirits)
chance to work more mischief.
"Somebody Is murdering 1 a Phoongye" (priest), he said
to the sergeant as they reached the road.
Rushing into the pagoda he found the Phoongyes in
the temple clustered about the big Buddha, the "Beda
Buddha," as it was known.
The priests were prostrated at the feet of the great Im
age, raving and lamenting and shrieking in despair. ■
"What's the, matter?" asked Valentyne.
"A thief has stolen the Beda, the eye of the God, the
ruby:"
And they pointed to a great hole In the forehead of the
Buddha, where the sacred "Beda Kuby" had been for
twelve centuries.
How calm and dignified the alabaster god seemed, sit
ting there with his hand in his lap! Through twelve cen
turies of strife and passion, and blood and carnage, had it
looked with calm serenity upon the struggles of the little
men who had come and gone.
Twelve hundred years before had King T'zznna given
it to the Talopins of Panja— l'zzana, the son of Mienzaim,
and Poaza, the Chinese princess.
The seven great Kyoungs of Talopins which T'zzana
founded gained him great merit, so that when he died the
"Beda Buddha" worked miracles.
And now for twelve hundred years had the sacred eye
the "Beda Ruby," done even so.
Valentyne was horror-struck at the audacity of the
thief, for the Beda Buddha was the most sacred image in
all Burmah. Pilgrims came from all over tiie Burmese
tnipire to strike with the stag's horn the crescent-shaped
gong hanging there at its side, and then plead, with fore
head prone on the cemented lioor in front of the god for
the intercession of the Beda with Buddha Gaudama '
The Phoongyes watched it night and day, and how
any one had managed to steal the ruby Valentyne could
not understand. '
In the meantime Hpo Thit had glided silently back
through the crotons and into the bungalow once more
The very air was full 'of demoniac noises as Hpo Thit
slipped into the house, for the crows, aroused by the
Phoongyes' uproar, were screaming and shrieking in a bie
tamarind that towered high above the champac
Within all was quiet, and Hpo Thit loyt no time in
making his way to the bojc they had so lately searched for
the opium. *
The little lamp was still burning, so he could sf>e iimt
where to put the small round packet he took from th^
roll just at his waist. om the
He put it down in a corner of the teakwood box- then
actuated) by a sudden resolve, he picked it up, unrolled
the little piece of yellow cloth in which it was wrapped
and took a long, loving look at it. As he rolled it in his
hand near the Hickering cotton dip, the little room seemed
bathed in a flood of warm, blood-red light. Great ruby
tinted rays shot hither and thither, until the dazzlimf
brightness lighted up the uncertain gloom, and it was as
though red wine had been thrown hitjh in the britrht
noonday sunshine. " '
CONFESSIONS OF A "MORPHINE WRECK."
ty or thirty minutes after taking mor
phine pleasant sensations would creep
over me from head to foot — languor at
tended by ; leasant thoughts.
It would seem as if I was only half
asleep. My eyes would be wide open,
but would notice no objects around me
in the room. It was as if I were float
ing in the air. I could hear soft and
Eweet music, as If from an Aeolian
harp. Dreams that came and went
in rapid succession were of the pleas
antest. Again I would be in beautiful
gardens and among flowers. I could
hear the sweetest songs. Air castles
were presented to my view in countless
variety in all conceivable forms and
grandeur. :r" ■
During all these pleasant dreams and
half-awake thoughts I- could feel . the
poisoned blood tingling through . my
veins and making me feel as if I never
wanted to move again, and at the same
time the drug intensified every phan
tasm which my brain could conceive.
These dreams would last for three or
four hours and then I would fall into a
sound sleep. ' '
During the daytime the drug wouM
act upon my system in an entirely dif
ferent manner. About twenty min
utes after the dose I could feel the
blood rushing through my body and
giving me, as it were, more strength
and also a lightness of step which : I
had not before. , It would, at the same
time, dull my mind to all cares and
troubles, blotting • out the darker side
of life and forcing me to think only of
the present. These sensations ; would
also remain for three or. four hours and
pass away. But .the : feelings were al- •
ways the game during the first bU .
— ■- - ■" — ■• .■ - .- — -. :..-; ,--.-.- -,—-
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
years that I used morphine.
About the seventh year I increased
the dose from seven to ten grains every
twelve hours, or twenty grains a day.
At first I did not experience much
change in the degree of pleasure, but
in a week or ten days I began to feel
restless when I was in bed and also
found it much harder to go to sleep.
When I slept I now had bad dreams,
and in the course of a month or so I
noticed that my nerves were commenc
ing to be unstrung; my hands began
to twitch and my arms to jump: very
often when I was sitting and perfectly
quiet my head would be jerked to one
side or backward. "While I was asleep
at night I would jump in bed; my limbs
and arms would contract with a jerk
that would shake the bed, and on two
occasions the shocks were severe
enough to break it down. Thinking to
overcome these I increased the quan
tity of the doses, and at the same time
I was increasing the evil effects.
I was now using from thirty to thir
ty-five grains a day. I think of the
awful days and nights that I passed,
and I wonder how it is that I am. alive;
or that I am not an inmate o-f some
asylum. I could not sit five minutes at
a time without my eyes closing — with
out my head falling forward, only to be
jerked back again as by some unfore
seen force. My hands and arms
twitched and jumped, in spite of me,
worse than ever. I did not know what
to do. I became alarmed, and. of
course, like all other "fiends," took more
morphine, and not only increased
the dose, but took it oftener. I now
made it my business to take ten grains
It was the stolen ruby; the night was being made
hideous with the din across the road in the Phoongye
Kyoung.
There was so much of terror, so much of menace, in
the hoarse roar of the Phoongy.s. and the crowd of Bud
dhists who had been attracted by their cries, that his
heart failed him— ho dropped it again in the box, and
passed silently, swiftly out into the Burmese night.
As he disappeared a small !:?ure glided out from be
hind a Penang mat which serv> I as curtain to a doorway,
and, kneeling over the box, searched fur that which Hpo
Thit had nut there.
It was Mi Mra. "Ho, ho, Hpo Thit: because "Moung
Ouray told Mi Mra that you are always smoking at the
opium and because of that Mi Mra wauld have nothing to
do with you, you would have Valentyne Thakine make a
thief of Moung Ouray.'
Then she disappeared behind the curtain ngain, and
the oil dip flickered lower and lower, and only the outside
clamor crept into the houst — it was so still.
Soon there was tho steady tramp, tramp of men that
are accustomed to marching, and once more the superin
tendent, and the sergeant, and the police came up the
steps; and also were Moung Ouray, and Hpo Thit, and the
Phoongyes, and others there.
"I think that this is no end of a fool's game," said Val
entyne to the sergeant; "but we might as well finish our
search while we are at it. Where shall we looK first?"
"In the box, Thakine," eagerly interrupted Hpo Thit.
If the opium is not there, and he has the ruby, there
shall we find it."
So once more the Berffcant continued his Interrupted
search of the box. Then- was nothing beyond a pair of
Chinese patent leather shoes, a palm leaf Buddhist Bible,
and Houng Our.-iy's silken headdresses, muiiy or them
packed away in the bottom.
That the ruby was gone was a facer to Hpo Thit; first,
tho balls of opium had disappeared, but that he had at
tributed to Moung Ouray; nuw the ruby had vanished,
and Motlng Ouray had been with the police all the time.
Then he saw something which gave him a clew. It
was an innocent looking circlet of jessamine flqrwers lying
in front of the box. It was such a circlet as the drta
wore on their hair, and it hadn't been there when they
searched the box before.
"Of a certainty Mi Mra has taken the ruby," mur
mured Hpo Thit, "and has gone to the house of San Shwe,
who is her father. If San Shwe will keep it. there will it
rest; but if his heart fail him, then will he tell her to take
It to the police Thakine." There was no time to be lost.
tor it would be discovered that he had stolen it. and he
would also lose the ruby.
Slipping away from the others as they came out of
bu°m"uow Uray 3 house ' hu Quickly sped to San Shwe's
As he approached cautiously, he could see Mi Mra and
her mother and father sitting on the bamboo floor ear
nestly discusssing something. "They will decide; I will
The road 6 muttered> so ."*tting on, his heels at the side of
Then Ml Mra enme out, and started off across the
dried maidan toward the superintendent's bungalow:
That was Hpo Thit c chance.
"If you tell ;ibout it." he said, as he left her. "I will
swear that you and Moung Ouray stole it and gave it to
me. Then the judge Thakine will ask how you should
know that I had it, if you had not given it to mo "
Mi Mra went back to her father's house; she wanted to
think, wanted to do that which was the least trouble
In the morning she told Valentyne about It, and 'in an
hour he and the sergeant and a file of police were chas
ing after Hpo Thit. But Hpo Thit had gone. One more
dacoit had been created. His brother's, the ThugSe's
gun had gone with him. The Thuggie didn't know that'
every six hours or forty grains a day.
On the tenth night after I had com
menced to use morphine that way I had
retired to my room about 8 o'clock in
the evening and taken a dose, and
thought I would lie down on the bed
until it should begin to work on me,
and then I would get up and go out for
a while. I dropped into a sound sleep
at once. I remembered nothing until I
awoke at la. m. I was still lying
crosswise on the bed, but the head of
the bed was soaked with blood; my
hands and arms were cut in several
places, and I was cold and chilled
through; I lighted the gas, and what a
sight: There was not a pane of glass
in the window. Every onp of the eight
had been broken, and the frame was
smashed. I had thrown my alarm
clock through the window and also sev
eral other things which were on the bu
reau.
I tried to think and remember if I
had had a dream, but my mind was a
blAnk. I had risen in my sleep and
made sad havoc of my room and win
dow and then lay again On the bed. I
did not know anything o-f this until I
awoke three hours after it had taken
place.
From that time on, if there was ever
such a thing as "hell on earth," surely
I was in it. I could not sleep at night.
I would lie all night with my eyes
wide open, my arms ar " limbs jumping
around in the bed, and I prayed for
morning to come, when I knew I would
go to sleep. During what sleep I had
there appeared to me the most awful
eights and scenes that one could ever
for Hpo Thlt had stolen it. It was an old-fashioned, muz
zle-loading musket.
It is difficult to run down a Burman in the jungle, ana
ft was the next day before they came up with their
quarry.
He had a couple, of shots at them in a blundering sort
of way with the old musket without hitting anybody; but
just as Valentyne charged in on him at the head of his
police. Hpo Thit fired again at close quarters, and the
superintendent went down, shot in the shoulder.
Only for the sergeant Hpo Thit would have been
carved up into regulation slices; only for the sergeant
and Valentyne, too, for he bellowed out: "Don't kill him!
Take the beast alive!"
"Bring him here and search him at once," said "Valen
tyne, who was sitting up now, though feeling deucedly
groggy; and while the sergeant bound up his wound they
stripped Hpo Thit as clean as a whistle. But there was
no ruby— nothing but much tattooing discovered.
"What have you done with the red stone?" asked the
superintendent; but Hpo Thit wouldn't answer.
Then they got back to Thayetmyo as quickly as they
could, carrying Valentyne on an improvised dhooly, in
the shape of a charpoy, which they got from the woon of
a neighboring village by the gentle art of compulsion.
When Hpo Thit was brought back by the police, he
was met by a reception committee composed of orthodox
Buddhists who were gathered together with the avowed
object of honoring him with the crucifixion.
To guard against his attaining Nirvana by a fluke, as
it were, he was to be crucified head downward.
Valentyne, who was very weak by this time, had great
difficulty in explaining to them that the government could
not allow such a thing to take place.
So Valentyne was taken to the hospital, and Hpo Thit
was put in a cage behind iron bars, just like the mangy
tiger they had seen down at Rangoon.
"I'll have the bullet «ut of you in a jiffy," said the
civil surgeon to Valentyne, as he rolled up his sleeves and
opened his case of shining instruments.
Then Hpo Thit was brought up before the Deputy
Commissioner for a committal hearing, as ft were,
charged with stealing the sacred ruby, and with attempt
ing murder of the superintendent.
But the priests were clamorous for the ruby eye of
their Buddha; for the matter of "Valentyne dying or not
they did not bother their heads— even they -would let Hpo
Thit go free, so be it they could come by the sacred gem
again. The Burmese archbishop, the Thathanabalng, had
come down lrom Ava to see about the recovery of the
stone.
They begged the Deputy Commissioner to give Hpo
Thit promise of pardon if he would only disclose where he
had hidden the "Beda."
"1 can't do that," he said, "for the wounded sahib
may die; the doctor-fished for the bullet and can't get it
and it looks bad for the superintendent's life. If he dies'
Hpo Thit will have to swing." '
But if the Beda might be recovered they would pay to
Valentyne's family his full value in good English sov
ereigns. ' ,
The Deputy Commissioner was as anxious to recover
the jewel as they were; co he promised Hpo Thit that if
he would tell where it was it would help him much when
the time of his sentence "came.
it "I?' 11 - tell> " said Hpo Tnlt "because it will be easy for
the Thakine. to get it; and then the Thakine will remem
ber at the time of the sentence." em
t, Iflt ? OUr ,l was as silent as the graven Image of
Buddha itself, as they waited for Hpo Thit to speakf
WQ^i^tl; palms of his hands together in front of
his f a Cc in the form of supplication, Hpo Thit said: "Tha
red stone ; which I took rom the Kyoung even from the
fl«^ f^ ° f the -^ uddha . ls ln the police Thaklne's body. I
fired it from my gun the last time, because I had no bul
Imagine. Dreams of falling from great
heights, often of being murdered, were
mine. Huge giants and goblins danced
around my bed, making the most
hideous faces and gestures. Horses
ran over me, and all kinds of animals
howled and snapped around my bed.
When I now think of the hideous
dreams and nightmares that daily and
nightly were ever before me I wonder
that I did not lose my mind. I had to
give up work. I was losing in weight.
I had the most dreadful pains across
my back and around my feet; The
blood that used to be sent rushing
through my veins was now stagnant
and would hardly flow. At times I
could hardly feel the beating of my
heart. My arms would go to sleep and
I would have to rub them for an hour
at a time and put my wrists in hot
water to get the blood moving again.
W.hen the effects would wear off
some I would commence to sweat, and
on the coldest days in winter, with six
inches of snow on the ground, hot per
spiration would stream from every
pore in my body. At the same time I
would be shivering with cold. Water
would run in streams from my eyes
nostrils and mouth. It would be im
possible to swallow. A lump 'would
arise in my throat, and if I tried to
swallow it would makct^ne feel like
sneezing, but I could not sneeze, and
the trying to sneeze and to swallow at
the same time would nearly choke me
These symptoms would remain until
I r iuld get another dose of morphine.
During the railroad strike of 1594 I
went to work for the Northen Pacific
Railroad, braking between Portland
lets, and because if it could work a miracle it would stop
the Pl°P I° 1 t i e nL h t L'SRffiFES the Deputy Commls-
Bl ° n " It* is true," said the priests, "and the police Thakine
' must give up the Beda." , . .y^ matter" an .
"Well, we'll see what can be done In the. matter, an
swered the Deputy Commissioner; and Hpo.Thit .was -re
manded to await developments. . x,-,.^ about If
"By Jove!" said the surgeon, when he hea-d about it.
"that accounts for the infernal thing taking that corK
.: .^oSi^e to get It out of h^ome W«£" lakhs* of
Deputy Commissioner, "for it's worth about t«o lakhs or
rupees; and, besides, it won't be healthy for talent jne to
live in Burmah with the eye of a Buddhist god in nim.
"Look here, Grey," said the surgeon; I am Jjeserea 11
I probe for the cursed t thing again. y I nearly I t ni^ onlo n 1 1 3
tyne's life out of him the other day for fear of Pf, son ° u f
consequences, for I thought it was a "s lu^-. B "Virn"and
good, clear-cut ruby it will probably jiever hurt him, ana
I'm not going to take any chances." ,; ; . . Phnnn-
The Deputy Commissioner was in despair. Th^Fnoon
gyes. headed by their archbishop, haunted his office ana
his bungalow night and day; clamoring for the ruD> , ior
their sacred "Beda,'.' for the eye of their Buddhist goa. .
But the surgeon was obdurate. - : : ..- ■ • ««t»-.
"Valentyne is a friend of mine." he said, .and I m
not going to murder him to please any yellow-robed
Phoongye. I wouldn't do it even if he were an enemy, l a
leave the service first." : .
Of course the Deputy Commissioner had to report it to
the Commissioner, and he to the Chief Commissioner. -_
Valentyne in the meantime had to be guarded at the
hospital, for Mi Mra discovered that the Phoongyes had
set a scheme on foot to kidnap him, and, incidentally,
carve him up to find the sacred stone. ;v"; v"
There were many reasons why they snould recover it
as soon as possible. Their Buddha had lost all, prestige
Bince his maltreatment, and no pilgrims came now to lay
their generous offerings at his great square, feet. The
pagoda had ceased to do a paying business, for. Uzzana's
ruby had been a drawing card. It had been a good invest
ment that for twelve centuries had gone on making money
for the priests.
Valentine applied for, and obtained, sick leave, handi
capped with an order that he must not ■ take the ruby out
' of the jurisdiction of .the Burmese courts. . -,-•
It was a splendid bit of judicial ruling that, and the
Deputy Commissioner smiled grimly when it passed
. through his hands. - . • ■ ..,.-' A - . ; .
, As soon as he was able to sit up and move about he
I discovered a new source of annoyance. Devout Burmans .
-were constantly coming and prostrating tnemselves at his
feet, touching their foreheads to the ground and mutter
ing their prayers. .. ■ .. •-. -...-•-, ,
"What does it all mean?" he asked Moung Ouray.
"Sar, they are worshiping the 'Beda.' which you,
the grace of God and that wicked HpoThit, have got."
"This Is Intolerable," thought Valentyne. "I am a ruby
mine, and a Burmese god, and a receiver of stolen goods,
all in one." '-.-.-■•■■■■■■■ ■ . - • ■ - ?
As he got better the beauty of his new life was fur*
ther ' enhanced by the deluge of official correspondenca
'that commenced to pour in upon him.. ,-
By order of the Chief Commissioner he was asked to
explain how he meant to make good to the pagoda the
value of the ruby he was. still retaining on his person. It
was cheerfully pointed out that if hair his salary was es
cheated for this purpose it would take at least forty years
to make up the value of the jewel.
A delay of this sort would hardly be fair to tha
Phoongyes; besides, in that uncertain climate his salary
might cease at any moment. At any rate, under the flfty
five years' service rule he could not retain his position 1;*
the service for that length of time, and his pension would
be barely enough to live upon.
The civil surgeon was raked over*the coals for not
acting upon the Deputy Commissioner's suggestion and
probing the matter to the bottom as it were — for not
making another effort to recover the jewel. , •£-,-<.*
It was in vain that he wrote in answer that the su
perintendent's life would have been endangered by another
operation.
His answer only brought another literary wiggling, in
which he was curtly reminded that the British Govern
ment expected its officials to do their duty, irrespective of
personal feeling or considerations ofiporsonal safety. ■:,
Then the Phoongyes got up a monster petition, signed
by all the Buddhists, living and dead, in the whole Bur
man empire. It was cleverly worded, having been drawn
up by a young Burman barrister, who was the gold medal
ist of his year in England.
The petition was to be forwarded to the Viceroy
through the Chief Commissioner, and prayed that the
Superintendent of Police, Valentyne, should be delivered
over to them that they might regain the most sacred relic
in all the Buddhist empire. .
. They were willing to pay an indemnity to his family,
but the ruby they must have.
For a time it looked rather blue for Valentyne, for the
Viceroy was a man who had great ideas about the rights
of the natives; in fact, he went in for. it very much as a
baboo plays lawn tennis, without much science in the
game, but with his whole soul and ponderous body dead
on the ball.
- - In the meantime a civil suit to recover the value of
the ruby had been instituted in the couita >n general, and
Valentyne in particular. M , ,
Luckily for Valentyne ■ the Secretary of State was a
hard-headed man, not much given to nonsense, and he
said in equivalent official language "that he'd be damned
if he'd see an innocent Englishman deliberately cut up to
recover | any ■ fetish • bauble." i ■■'•ri'^.'-i-
But all the same the superintendent would have to be
retired on half pay, for his usefulness was gone. The two
•could not be combined; the dual position of Burmese god
and superintendent of police; for the natives still persisted
•in reverencing him. though ready as soon as the word was V
given to cut him ; up. \: ' . r " ' '„ '^ ; /\ : _ r i; ' y,
-.-.•- Just when he thought his troubles Were at an end, and ! -'
he might go home, they applied for an Injunction to pre- ~
vent him from moving the ruby out of Burmah. They
ehowed to the court on medical authority that there was
every possibility that the stone might work ; itself . out
some day, and so be recovered; but if Valentine were al
lowed to leave the kingdom the chances of the rightful
owners, ever becoming possessed ot it were very slim in
deed. . ■
They undertook to pay Valentyne a salary of 10,000
rupees a year so long as he remained in Rangoon; and all
they asked in return was the privilege of coming to wor
ship the Beda at certain periods, and that a medical offi
cer, appointed by them, should have free access to Valen
tyne's person, with a view to keeping track of the peram
bulations of the ruby; and that when it made its appear
ance near the skin anywhere, so that it might be extract
ed without danger to him, he would relinquish all claim
upon it and allow the surgeon to hasten its appearance.
Valentyne's counsel, seeing wWch way the wind was
blowing, agreed to accept this ruling of the court, only
stipulating that Corbyn should be appointed surgeon, for
the r.ether stone had suffered most In the grind, and Cor
byn was out of the service.
One little formality the court demanded; thr.t was that
the archbishop and three or four of the chief Phoongyes
should go on a bond for Valentyne's personal safety.
So the Superintendent was lodged in a beautifully fur- .
nished bungalow, and was treated very much like a dis
tinguished state prisoner.
Once he received an offer from- Barnum at a salary
which made his paltry ten thousand. look like pin money.
The enterprising American guaranteed to smuggle him •
out of Burmah, also, and pay all legal claims, too. . .
After he had been in the business about two years ha
began to feel a pain in his back. He confided his fears to
his attendant physician. "It's working out, I'm sure," he
said, sorrowfully. ~. •'
And so it appeared, for a distinct lump was forming
just below the shoulder blade. .
Then one day Corbyn made a discovery. It was only a
boil, the result of mango eating..- , " ;
. The Phoongyes were in despair.
Three years more of playing Buddha at the rate of .ten
thousand a year passed, and this time there could be no
mistake about it, so Corbyn said. The ruby was coming
right enough this time. It was coming not far from the
place where the boil had been; in fact, It was the irrita
tion of the Beda that had most likely caused the boll.
Everything was in readiness. The archbishop had
brought a sacred dish that was supposed to have at one
time belonged to Buddha Gaudama, to receive the
Beda in. ' >•■> ,,---,. •
Valentyne's back was bared: Corbyn made an incision
with his scalpel, pressed gently with the fore finger of
his right hand downward, and in a second it lay in his
left hand. - .--'.-
He gave it a little rinse In a bowl of warm water ha ■■
had ready, and held it up to the expectant gaze of the
many cranlne heads. • . .
alt was a piece of oblong lead— a slug. '
Hpo Thit had lied.,that was all, and had the ruby with
him— at least, it was never found. ■
.' (Copyright. 1S&, by W. A. Fraser.) V^f'^?^^ ■'."[
and Tacoraa. I was on the night
freight and many times I have had
very narrow escapes from death. Often
I have gone to sleep on top of a freight
car, with my feet hanging over the side
and under the inlluence of morphine,
with the train dashing around curves
at the rate of thirty-five and forty
miles an hour. Once while I was stand
ing up on a car I went to sleep, and los
ing my balance I fell over, but I man
aged to catch the brake and so saved
myself. That was enough warning for
me, and so I resigned at once.
I was then using fifty grains of mor
phine a day, and I knew that I must
either let up some or die. There and
then I made up my mind to reduce the
quantity I was taking, and at one stroke
I cut the dose in half, taking only
twenty-five grains a day.
I suffered the agony and tortures of
hades for five or six days, but I had
made up my mind, and I would suc
ceed or die in the attempt. I remained
indoors and after eight or ten days I
had the victory. In two months I re
duced the dos€ again, cutting it in
two and making it twelve or thirteen
grains a day. 1 had another hard bat
tle and won. After that I reduced the
quantity a little at a time until I ar
rived in San Francisco, the last of 1895.
when I was using only eight grains
every twenty-four hours.
I now began ro regain my health
and soon went to work for the South
ern Pacific Company. When I began
to use morphine I weighed 200 pounds.
I had to work now from 7 in the even-
Ing until S in the morning. I tried
LIFELOJMfi
BATTLE JI6JILNST
TcHE
INSIDIOUS DRUfi.
very hard to drop off on the last eight
grains per day, but I could not do that
and perform my work. I found it hard
er to quit on the last eight grains
than all the other.
After a while the night work began
to tell on me and I once more began to
increase the doses of morphine so as to
keep up to my work. In a short time
I was again using twenty grains a day,
but I never got above that quantity
for the two . years I was with the
Southern Pacific Company.
I soon fell off in health and weight
again. I was worse than ever before.
I was reduced to 125 pounds. I was
afraid to go to bed, and when I lay
down I would set my alarm clock so
that it would wake me every hour. If
I allowed my arms to go to sleep it
would take three or four hours before
I could have any use of them. I would
have to get somebody to rub them for
me and bandage them and pour hot
water on the bandages. Often I would
have to hire some man to work in my
place for a night, for I would not re
gain the use of my arms in time.
Finally the pains in my back and side
and my arms got so bad that I had to
resign. That was in 1897, and I came
to San Francisco at once and took a
cure for the morphine habit, and In a
few weeks I was on the road to health.
GEORGE BABCOCK.STRANGE STORY OF A MILLIONAIRE, TWO INDIAN GIRLS AND A WEDDING
•JOHN R.MJTE.
CUXXT ohak meek."
These three words may, In
their phonetic garb, sound
like the veriest gibberish, but
twenty-five years ago, spoken
by the man whom she had
learned to love better than life itself,
sounded almost like heaven's own
t" a certain handsome young
Indian woman of Mariposa County.
_';;v- her self-respect, an assured
D the world, and a promise of
futu: ess; and they atoned to
humiliation and for the
iffcrlng which had aecom
1 her awakening to a sense of
right and wrong, as right and wrong
. to certain subiects is inter
. 1 by her civilized brothers and
i
Away back in 18G1 John Hite, a young
Virginian of good family but of reck
ts, resolved to make a radical
change in his mode of existence and
strike out boldly for himself. It has
been said, for John Hite was ardent
ptible even in the days of the
a bouts and wide collars, that a
disappointment in a love affair was the
touch which metamorphosed the
sf, ease-ioving, white-handed
young Southerner into a hard-working,
sunburned miner. but
bo or not does not
r at i his late day.
It suffices to say that he came to
rnia and after floating about
from place to place finally drifted into
Mariposa County, where, because In
these youthful days he was handsome
of face and figure, bold and merry in
his ways, generous and kindly in his
dispos'tion, he soon became a favorite
in the different mining camps which he
visited. The fact that soon after his
arrival in that region he "took up"
with a young Indian girl, after the
careless and irresponsible fashion which
obtained in those days among many
of the white gold-seekers, did not at
all detract from his popularity.
\\'hprever John Hite went in those
days his young squaw went with him.
Across mountains, down gloomy can
yons, through almost impassable for
ests, in sun and storm, silently and pa
tiently she followed him, with no
thought of deserted relatives or
lust friends, with no thought of
any one or anything in all the
wide world but the man she loved
iii ber cwn undemonstrative, steadfast
way better than all else in her narrow
world.
"Dig there," she said authoritatively,
pointing to a certain spot. "My fathers
found riuch that you seek here — dig!"
Hite obeyed her, and although his
faith was weak his blows were strong.
The Indian wife crouched beside him as
he worked, and when he paused, after
a few strokes with his pick, and. lean
ing on its handle, looked at her doubt
fully, she pointed again to the spot,
now a tumble of torn earth and broken
rock, and said again. "Dig:"
One minute — two — three — measured
off by the labored breath of the worker
and the regular rise and fall of the pick
he wielded, and then— then the great
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1893.
SHOWING HITE The
Gold /^INE,
fHite mine of Mariposa County was dis
covered, and John Hite was started far
along the road which has led him to the
enviable position of a millionaire.
The companion of his long jaunts and
founder of his fortune did not live long
to share the wealth which she had be
stowed, for in less than two years she
died, and was laid to rest on the hill
side overlooking the mine which had
been brought to light through her in
strumentality. To her, at least, Hite
was not ungrateful, £or he erected to
her memory a granite monument twen
ty feet high, at a cost of $10,000.
It was not in the man's nature, how
ever, to live alone or spend any length
of time in vain repining for one de
parted never to return". The old chief
was father of another daughter,
younger and fairer than she who had
first attracted the miner's favorable
notice, and in a very short time he per
suaded the girl to take the place left
vacant in his heart and life by the
death of her gentle sister.
Tj>e girl Lucy was extraordinarily
handsome for one of her race, and her
lot had been an unusually fortunate
one. for she had been the favorite cHld
of her grim old father, and little if
any of the drudgery ordinarily per
foimed by the women of Indian camps
had fallen to her share.
Taken altogether her beauty was re
markable, and no one wondered that
John Hite, who had seemed to his first
helpmeet rather more like a master
though a kind one— than a lover, fell
passionately in love with this' younger
sister who was so greatly her superior,
and the superior of her tribeswomen
in appearance and intelligence. Hite
himself had reached the age of 40 by
this time, but he was still handsome,
dashing, light hearted and kindly.
Hite built a fine house, the finest in
the county at the time, situated about
twenty-five miles from the county seat
in one of the loveliest spots of pictur
esque Mariposa,* and installed his new
love there as head of the establish
ment. Nothing that he could purchase
was too rich or too handsome for her,
and she had more money put into her
slender little hands than she, with her
primitive tastes and unambitious mind,
knew what to do with.
For a little over a year the young In
dian woman was proud and happy in
her well-ordered and luxurious home;
innocently and ignorantly proud and
happy, for, secure in the love of her
white "brave," she troubled herself not
at all about anything else in all the
Mrs.Ceceli^ Mit&. II
world. Conventionalities were unknown
to her, and she never dreamed that
there could be aught of offense to any
one in her quiet and home-centered life.
Civilization, however, flourished apace
in Mariposa, and civilization brings
with it everywhere certain rules and
regulations the breaking of which en
tails at least mild reprobation upon the
offender. While white men alone ruled
the hills and canyons, and formed the
population of the mining camps, they
had never, though perfectly conversant
with the facts of the case, felt it neces
sary to interfere in any way, and had
never betrayed to Lucy that her posi
tion in their little world was not an
honorable and an honored one.
To mind one's own affairs strictly is a
lesson which men, thrown heterogene
ously together in new localities and
rough surroundings, either learn quick
ly and well, or suffer for not learning.
Women, however, are different.
So it was that with the advent of
white women poor Lucy discovered to
her horror what kind of a life she was
living, and that she was incurring the
scorn of respectability, and the cer
tainty of future eternal punishment for
herself and her companion in iniquity.
Too much frightened and shocked by
these revelations to even wait to dis
cuss the matter with Hite, who was
absent on business at the time, Lucy
did the only thing which seemed right
and possible to her in the light of the
knowledge which had ruined all her
happiness. She turned her back on all
that she held dear and fled— where to,
no one knows.
"When Hite came home he found the
house deserted, ami frantic with grief
began a search for the lost one, which
extended through many weary weeks.
Then he learned that she was under
the protection of some relatives in an
other part of the county, but plead as
he might and did in his heart-broken
messages, she steadfastly refused to
return to her old home or even to see
him.
At last, however, when he threatened
that he would not even try to live
without her, her woman's heart re
lented and Fhe sent him this brief
word: "We have done wrong. Make
the future right and I will come back."
So it was he consented to make
amends for the past by marrying her
In the proper Indian form.
Under the circumstances she did not
desire to have a public wedding or any
celebration which would point out the
errors of the past.
To typify the old custom of pursuit
and capture Hite caupht her about the
waist and pulled her down upon his
knee, and holding hf-r firmly but gently
said, so that all arour.il might hear, the
magic words quoted, "Cunny ohak
meek." "You are my wife." That brief
sentence brought happiiess once again
into the Indian girl's Bfe.
That was early in the '70's, and for
twenty-three years John and Lucy
Hite lived together in apparent happi
ness and content. With the con
...TO PUT THIS SONG IX BOOK FORM CUT HERB AND FOLD..
THE: ALLEGED INDIAN
CARRIAGE
sent of Hite, who, though very
wealthy, knew well the uncer
tainties of mining life and property,
the ranch on which they lived was
made a homestead that Lucy might be
always sure of a home, and Hite stock
ed it with horses and cattle.
As for Lucy, she was utterly devoted
to him, and was never happy unless
in his presence. She was his constant
companion and helper, riding beside
him along the lonely trails which led
from mine to mine and camp to camp;
walking beside him when he made the
rounds of his duties near at hand.
When there was a "clean-up" at the
Hite mine she helped him carry the
gold to their house and guard it until
it could be taken to town.
Three times In those years she stood
between the man she loved and his
death by an assassin's hand, and saved
his life at the risk of her own, and
then — well, a savage woman who
spends her life in caring for another
instead of herself, who knows none of
the secrets of my lady's toilet table,
and in the line of what she thinks her
duty exposes herself to sun and storm
and heat and cold without a thought
of unbeautifying consequences, is apt
to lose her youthful graces of form
and face, and grow brown, and wrin
kled, and old looking in a score of
years. And there are always young
and pretty women who are glad to
smile on millionaires, even if they have
Indian wives at home, who are wear
ing out their lives in their service*, and
a young and pretty white woman, who
wears ilainty garments daintily, is
fitted to shine in society, and knows
how to flatter an old man into think
ing himself a dashing young beau
again, is a far more fascinating
companion than a middle-aged squaw
who has grown a trifle careless in -her
dress, and has scarcely more than one
Idea in the world, and that is to be
the willing slave of a man who no
longer appreciates the constant, un
selfish service of her loyal heart.
One day, now nearly four years ago,
Hite announced that he must go away.
By this time his interests were wide
spread; he had property in different
parts of the coast and also in Mexico,
and he was accustomed to leave home
frequently to attend to affairs else
where.
This time, with a refinement of
cruelty which made his victim's sorrow
more cruelly keen in the after days,
he told Lucy that he intended settling
nRS.LIjCYHiT^
up all his business outside Mariposa
in such a way that he need never leave
her for one of these long trips, during
which she felt so lonely, again.
"I am growing old, he said, "and I
want to come home and stay, and
spend my last days here quietly with
you. After I come back this time we
will have nothing to trouble or sepa
rate us hereafter."
So he went away and Lucy waited
patiently and hopefully at home. Af
ter three months she began to look for
his return and plan his welcome, but
week after week passed and found her
still alone.
"I stand at the door," she says, pa
thetically, "and look— so," shading her
eyes with her still beautiful hands —
"look— look— look— till my eyes get
tired and my heart as heavy as gold,
but he did not come. I look months,
years, but he never comes, but one day
came — this."
"This" is a crumpled piece of news
paper, a torn picture of a man with a
gayly dressed woman sitting beside
him, standing at a dinner table with a
full champagne glaes in his out
stretched hand, evidently giving a
toast.
It is a picture of a scene In a Kearny
s?treet restaurant at the wedding din
ner of John Hite— the millionaire-
John Hite. who had once again fallen
in love, this time with a young widow,
Cecelia Nougues by name, and a nurse
by profession.
It was a kindly neighbor who brought
the picture and the news to Lucy;
brought it to her up the path at the
I DON`T WANT
TO TALK
ANYMORE
end of which the deserted wife stood
with her hands shading her eyes look
ing, as she had never ceased to do, for
the absent Hite.
The shock did not kill her; she had
lived through a shock almost as heavy
in her youth, but it changed her nature.
For the first time in her life she began
to think of herself. She did not want
revenge, but she wanted justice. To
her the Indian marriage which Kite
had repudiated after more than a score
of years was sacred, and had given her
not only the duties but the rights of a
wife, and in this view of the case many
of the people of Mariposa County sup
port her.
Her self-sacrificing, kindly, blameless
life has won her friends who are glad
to help her in this her time of need.
Feeling that her cause is just she has
brought suit in the Superior Court
against the man to whom she gave the
blind devotion of her best years for ab
solute divorce and a division of prop
erty.
Poor though she is. for Hite shared
no portion of his wealth with her, and
her only property is the run-down
ranch in Mariposa County with its di
lapidated house, fitted with furniture
■which was new in her bridal days, she
does not lack for powerful champions
F. J. Castlehun of this city, who has
been %lr. Hite's attorney for many
years, declares that the whole story of
Lucy's marriage to, and, desertion by,
his client is untrue. Mr. Hite, he says,
is quite willing to submit the matter
to the caurt.
1 FLORENCE MATMESON.
2324
GOOD STORIES OF THE STAGE
By Marcus Mayer.
THE other day in running over
reminiscences of famous stars of
the stage Marcus Mayer of im
presario fame told the follow
ing stories:
"Adelaide Neilson and Sarah Bern-
Tiardt were among the jolliest of the
lot. Sarah Bernhardt was the greatest
money-maker. Who was the easiest to
handle? Well, as a general principle,
the greater the star the better I got
along with him. Mary Anderson, for
some reason, was very difficult to han
dle. The most genial was poor, dear
old John McCullough.. All in all,
though, they were a great lot. Fancy
handling the business of such people
as Adelaide Neilson, Christine Nilsson,
Sarah Bernhardt, Adelina Patti, who is
now a bona fide widow; Booth, Law
rence Barrett, Henry Irving and Ellen
Terry, John McCullough. Coquelin and
Jane Hading. Etelka Gerster, Mary An
derson, Joseph Hoffman, the boy pian
ist; Sarasate, d' Albert, Gerardy. the
'cellist; Stavenha^en. Olga Nethersole,
Langtry. Albani, Scalchi, Marcella,
Sembrich. Tamagno, Mapleson's Her
Majesty's Opera Company, and— don"t
let me forget her - the Menken, the
greatest Mazeppa the world ever knew.
"Menken is somewhere in the here
after I wouldn't like to say where.
Tes she was a wonderful woman.
4.da'h Isaacs Menken! In her day she
had at her feet the most noted men on
two continents. I struck up with her
In San Francisco, and from the mo
ment she made her appearance there,
every leading woman in the Frisco
stock companies wanted to play «aa
»eppa • It was way back in '6a. you
know I've been in the business for
thirty-five years. The first who got the
•Mazoppa' fever was Agnes Booth. She
was Agnes Land then. Then Emily
Jordan, who is now Mrs. John Cnam
berlain of Washington, was stricken
with it. The next to- succumb to the
awful fascination was Mattie Field,
who is now one of the Salvation Army
lassies of Booth's London forces. But
none of them was like the Menken.
Adah was as brilliant as she was hand
gome: and yet she* was a woman of un
common mentality and an actress of
amazing power. She was a Louisiana
<jirl born about 1835. She was a beau
ty, with the whitest, pearliest teeth,
lustrous eyes, rich, red lips and beau
♦iful dark, wavy hair. At 20 she was
* ballet dancer; at 23 she was a full
fledged tragedienne, and at 24 she was
a wife for the first time. Her husband
was Alexander Isaacs Menken. She
married him in Nashville, left him soon
afterwards and took with her nothing
but his name, which she m^de famous
the world over.
"She soon fell in with that noted
fighter and physical giant, John C.
Heenan. She married him at Rock Cot
tage, a former roadhouse in New York,
within six months from the date of her
separation from Menken. They were
haf'py for a little while; a boy was
born to them, and Heenan then left
her. Heenan was just preparing for
his great fight with Bayers, when 'the
Menken' returned to the stage and
appeared at the Bowery under the
name of Mrs. John C. Keenan. The big
pugilist was mad with rage, but he
couldn't trump her trick. She went
through the North as Mrs. Heenan.
The pugilist soon after sailed for Eng
land, and during his absence sheTorm
ed her third alliance. This time she
chose R. H. Newell, the "Orpheus C.
Kerr' of old-time Journalism. He made
her promise that she would quit the
stage. This she did for six months,
and then she was back, playing 'Ma
zeppa' and "The French Spy' before the
California miners at 5500 a night. She
appeared for sixty nights, and the
journalist couldn't stop her. She sepa
rated from him and took up with Jim
Barkley. the gambler. He was flush
in those days and so was Menken. Her
California engagement, which I man
aged for her, netted $30,000. Then she
was stricken with the European fever,
and, with Barkley, set out for London.
Kerr went back to New York a discon
solate, broken-down man.
"I met Menken afterward at the
"Westminster Hotel, London. There she
and Barkley gave dinners to Swin
burne, Dickens, Charles Reade, John
Oxenford, Fechter. George Sand, the
Duke of Wellington, the Duke of Edin
burgh, the Duke of Hamilton, Jenny
Lind. Watts Phillips, Belle Boyd and a
host of lesser lights. Swinburne be
came the warmest of her adorers;
Dickens praised her literary skill and
edited her poems for her, which were
produced in Europe afterward in half
a dozen tongues. She had her team,
with liveried coachman and footman,
and for a crest she used four aces, sur
mounted with a horse's head. They
called hor the 'Royal Bengal Tiger' in
those gay days at the Westminster.
At Astley's. where Boucicatilt had just
failed, she drew enormous houses, and
she was as equally successful in the
provinces. She came back to this coun
try only twice after that — once to get a
divorce from Kerr — it was an Indiana
divorce. I belive— and another time to
visit Barkley, who had returned to his
gaming tables. He was still fond of
her, and showed it by marrying her.
He gave her a house on Seventh
avenue, New York, which she called
'PLORENCE WOLCOTT ATThETIVOU
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. MARCH 13, 1898.
'Bleak House,' in honor of her friend,
Dickens. Then she went back to Eu
rope to conquer Paris. A French ver
sion of 'The Pirates of Savannah' was
made for her, and the "Gaite' was her
stamping ground.
"The Princess Jerome and Lucien
Bonaparte fell in love with her, and so
did the elder Dumas. Everybody went
to Bee her, and the Third Napoleon be
came so smitten that Eugenic grew
jealous. It became a matter of com
ment before many days. Dumas made
the actress a companion of his pet
daughter. But Bhe was like the rest
we wot of. She died penniless, after
having squandered an enormous for
tune, and the leeches of her prosperity
did not even follow her to her lonely
grave in Pere la Chaise. Barkley, the
gambler, and Ned James, an old friend
with little money, had her disinterred
and buried in Mount Parnasse, under
a granite monument.
" 'I come back to America to renew
old and tender friendships,' was one
of her stock phrases, delivered with
that ingenuous frankness and sweetness'
that made her irresistible. Mme. Patti
was always well received here. It
has been "said that her alliance with
Nieolini was looked at askance with
society, but I remember several ladies
calling upon her at the Southern,
among them Mrs. Joseph Garneau,
who was a beautiful young matron
then.
"The first time she came over here
she sent a Frenchman, named Franchi,
to arrange her tour. He made a holy
mess of It. He engaged halls, and
placed the price of tickets at $10 a
piece. A couple of concerts convinced
the diva that she was in bad hands,
and Abbey managed her and I became
her front-of-the-house man. No, Ni
eolini never was a favorite. His man
ner was always constrained. But he
was Patti's Nieolini, so let it go at
that!
"As a rule, Patti was a good na
tured star, and easy to handle, but
there was a time when she did get
into a rage. Mapleson. who hr.d her
in tow that sfascn. had an operatic
war on his hands, and overslept him
self at his New York hotel on the
morning when his song bird was ex
pected to arrive. The Gallia steamed
up the bay and Patti was landed on
the wet docks, pattered around, looked
for a carriage, and stamped her little
No. 2 foot. Nieolini, dragging a
brown Senegal monkey by the collar,
shouted down the wharf for a car
riage. They stormed around for a
while, and finally were bunched into a
friendly hack and driven to the Wind
sor, where Mapleson was still snoring.
There was an explosion when he awoke
and found what he had done, but
things were soon arranged and peace
restored.
"I had Just one little 'tiff' with Lang-
At th)e Theaters This Week-
try. It was mild and genteel. Toil
know we provM d her with a private
car. She occujn i it during her stay in
St. Louis, nn<l vlted Freddie Geb
hardt to lie her There is an un
written rule ii, stageland, which for
bids guepts to be invited by stars. I
informer! Mrs. Lar.gtry very quietly
and politely— you know, I couldn't be
anything else if I wanted to — of the
rule. She flared up immediately.
" 'This is my car!' she said.
" 'Nil, i.ur car, madam," I remarked.
Gebhardt saw the point, ar.d, lik>- the
gentleman he was, withdrew immedi
ately. . hat was her charm? Her per
sonality! There is no question about
that.
.TO PUT THIS SONG IN BOOK FORM CUT HERB AND FOLD.
"Poor John McCullough! Genial
John! I was with him on the night of
his breakdown in Chicago. It was the
only time in my life I cried, and I am
not ashamed to sa*y that I did shed
tears then. Kate Forsythe. his lead
ing lady? She lives in London. I saw
her last summer at a dinner Mary
Hartland gave to a number of sister
actresses. Kate has grown very stout.
She Is rich and lives off her money.
Most of it was made in California min
ing stocks. At that dinner, to which I
asked that she be invited, she wore dia
monds that were worth at least $50,000.
Fanny Ward, who also lives in the
English metropolis, and was a guest of
Mrs. Hartland, sparkled with $40,000
worth of gems. Yes, Blanche Walsh
and Geraldine Ulmer, now Mrs. Car
roll, were among the guests. Fanny
Ward has an elegant home in Hyde
Park.
"It wasn't very long: ago my old
friend Ed Buckley died. He was as
sociated with me in the old California
days. I had gone back to the Alta, of
which paper I was city editor. Just
to keep in line. I conducted a little
amateur Company, of which Buckley
was a member. When I came home
from the office, dead weary for sleep,
Buckley, who was my roommate,
spouted 'Shakespeare' at me until I was
nearly frantic. One day an actor, named
Beatty, came round tv the office. He
saiil he had been directed to me to fur
nish him a super who could play small
I arts. I immediately thought of Buck
l'-y and recommended him. Buckley
agreed to go, provided I went along —
the company was playing a number of
towns in the State — and I went for the
fun of the thing. We made the jour
ney on the boat, and I remember there
was no supper, much to the disgust of
my friend Buckley. When we arrived
at our destination, I had to loan him
half a dollar to patronize one of the
booths along the wharf, where he filled
up on coffee and cakes. Buckley was
engaged at $25 a week. The first night
he played a small part, on the sec
ond night he was cast for the heavy
villain, and at once struck for higher
wages. That v;a.s the beginning of his
career, and he was in his glory when
he traveled with the Booth and Barrett
combination.
"That sweet little song bird, Etelka
Gerster! She was the wife of Dr.
Gardini, a swarthy faced Italian. He
has a fine place at Sasso, not far from
Bologna, and the former diva is run
ning a singing school, I believe. She
-was well liked here in the old Maple
son days. Yes, Campanini, Valleria.
Larrarini, Del Puente and Castlemary
were with Gerster, and at their best
then.
"I had a time to keep Del Puente
away from sentimental misses, who de
luged him with billets-doux and bou
quets. The handsome baritone had a
very tall and scrawny wife, who was
frightfully jealous of him. She nearly
raised the roof oS the Lindell Hotel
one night when the singer disappeared
in some way before she could lay hands
on him back of the stage to conduct
'• 'This will never do, Del Puente,' I
said the next day. 'You'll have todo^
something to let the girls know tha^if
vnu've got a wife, who will not toler
ate interference with her rights
•"All right,' said DM. Til fix that
"The next night he had a part which
permitted him to get away from the
theater before the close. I w-as in
front of the house and saw Del Puente
stalking outside the Olympic, taking a
place between the lamp posts and lean
ing against the bill boards.
* 'I "won't be through for half on
hour, 1 I answered, dimly divining that 1
he was up to some trick, for on his
arm, with her shoulder nudged against
his. was Madame Del Puente. There
they stood in plain view of the audi
ence as it filed out. When the last
pretty girl had driven away in her
carriage, he yelled at me. 'I won t wait.
Mayer- it's cold out here, and the ma
dame wants to go home.' I understood.
He was showing off his wife, and the
sight of her was enough to discourage
any love-struck damsel who had a.
grain of sense."MINSTRELS, VAUDEVILLE
AND A SPEECH OF
SIR HENRY IRVING'S.
What I miss most in the Primrose &
Wes,t Minstrels is Mr. West. They
have a new interlocutor this time, Mr.
B. S. Cairns, a fine figure of a man
himself, large, genial and really assist
ful to the end men and their jokes, but
still a long jump short of Mr. West.
Mr. Cairns has not that beaming pride
■which so distinguished Mr. West from
other interlocutors; he does not seem
assured that the world is his; he has
legs that make quite a seemly show-
Ing in their silken hose, but he seems
never to be enthralled by them; he
scarcely notices them at all, in fact;
and he fans himself in a practical bus
inesslike way, quite different from the
lures and blandishments with which
Mr. West used to invest this innocent
affectation. I never can think of Mr.
West apart from his sumptuous person
and the arch delight he took in it. To
him the world was always fresh and
glad so long as he had his health and
his beauty and those splendid legs and
heaving shoulders and just that hint
of gentlemanly embonpoint beneath the
waistcoat. He is a strange institution,
anyway, the Interlocutor. I remember
in the old days when the interlocutor
would sometimes be the bass singer,
too, and would herald with fine speech,
not only the efforts of the boy soprano,
the London tenor, the Russian barytone
and the fabulous comic singers, but his
own turn as well with impartial en
thusiasm; and would belch forth in
deep, abdominal tones "Rocked in the
Cradle of the Deep" or some grim bal
lad that dealt in grave diggers and the
dead. I remember one of these basso
interlocutors—he was a gigantic fellow,
close on to 7 feet and with a voice on
him to lift a fog— singing an embalm
ing-party ditty whose hilarious motto
was "Six feet of earth make us all of
one size." It got so that undertaking
by land and sea were Inseparably asso
ciated in my appreciation of the inter
locutor. I used to wonder when the
end men found the heart to^make him
the cue and butt of their rude jokes,
when, as I thought, he could easily
swallow any one of them and comfort
ably bury the luckless devil beneath
the low D In one of his graveyard
pongs. But the world, the minstrel
shows and I aged together, and finally
I saw evolved the satin-upholstered
minstrels that obtain to-day, with the
handsome and harmless Mr. West In
the interlocutor's chair. I can't say
that modernity has improved the min
strel show, but I can say that in my
experience Mr. West is the most en
gaging personality that ever adorned
the modern performance, and I miss
him sadly.
• • •
At best the modern minstrels, for all
their fine clothes and scenery, are a
long way behind the old-timers in point
of characters and real fun. For several
seasons it was a trustful device of
Primrose and West to preface their
own spectacular show with a short
performance by real niggers. The nig
gers were exposed as the "horrible ex
ample" of minstrelsy in the past, and
the modern burnt-cork artists got the
applause and rich flowers. But this
was hardly convincing evidence of
the superiority of the new. When min
strelsy was in its palmiest day, when it
had individuality, local color and hu
mor unborrowed and all its own, the
minstrels were white, not black, men.
To-day It has no color, no individual
process; In fact the old traditions of
the business praoticaliy have been
abandoned until the performance is a
variety show pure and simple. Taken
from its own variety standpoint I
think the Primrose and West perform
ance quite as good this season as it
was last, and surely it fits the Colum
bia's clientele and prices much better
than it did the Baldwin's. But the
Bongs are notably weak. The only one I
can recall is Mr. Primrose's "Nigger,
Nigger, Never Die." and that although
byMetz.the man who wrote "There'll Be
a Hot Time," is lamentably easy to for
get; and the "living sheet-music" which
goes with this song is not oonspicu
ously alive either, as most of the coon
faces are bogus. The best work is done
by the Mowatt trio of Indian club jug
glers and George Wilson, the Inde
structible endman, who were here last
season, and E. M. Hall, the best of
all the old-time banjo-players.
• • •
At the Orpheum they manage the
living sheet music better by supplying
Babel with something close to the ad
vertised quota of live coons, but, as
in the minstrels, the act does not eet a
fair trial for the lack of a catchy song.
Sabel is all her old self and even a little
more; she sings ilka a steam whistle.
Bhouts like two, and is entirely some
thing immediate, galvanic and special.
This week she will increase the number
of coons to sixty-five and try ,a new song,
AMUSEMENTS. /
fRICOLANOEB 60TTIOB & C* — titt
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
Sunday, March 13.
fIJJ j THE COMEDY HIT.
yaw
FBICES I own
15c | Topics.
Qnjr» i Presented by
w WORLD, KELLER & MACK
and a
rZ(\ c Bl ° COMEDY COMPANY.
POSITIVELY 'NO HIGHER.
1 5c, 25c, 50c.
OLYMPIA Cornei of Mi*on »nd
. , Eddy Streetj.
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill In the world. ADAM SISTERS,
balladlsts; MONTALAIS, eoubrette; LESLIE,
vocallet: DRAWEE, world-famous Juggler;
MULLIN & WARD, novelty boxing, and ten
oUjere. Matinee to-day. Admission fr««.
By ASHTON STEVENS.
the one, I believe, that is published on
another page of this paper. I hope it
proves a winner, for Sabel herself is
a clever explosion and the act is expen
sive and enterprising and new to us.
even if not original with her.
• • •
The most satisfying of the Orpheum
turns— and the whole bill is startingly
ahead of anything the house has of
fered in the last two or three dull
months — are supplied by the Jose quin
tet and Rudinoff the Russian. Jose
still retains the boyish counter-tenor
in its reedy superlative, and the quintet
is the best of its popular kind that I
have heard, although it does add weird
and impossible harmonies to the sins
already committed against Maecagni's
poor battered intermezzo. The Russian
is an all-round wonder; everything he
does is new and entertainingly valu
able. He is the one man I have seen who
can rivet his audience while he ex
ecutes a sketch, and his drawings, es
pecially those on the smoked tin, are
ahead of the usual vaudeville art, and
then he has a pretty trick of imitation
in the warbling of "nightingale'scourt
ship." and his shadow pictures are fu
riously vivid. Rudinoff is tremendous
ly versatile and a graceful, humorous
personality shines in all his work.
• • •
My mail tells me that the London
critics have been set wagging again,
and this time over no less person than
Henry Irving. The actor delivered a
speech at the annual dinner of the
Playgoers' Club, in which he said a few
things that, while true enough, admit
of strenuous reply. In these sly terms
Sir Henry comments on interviews
with and paragraphs about the mem
bers of his profession.
Some people who were intended by na
ture to adorn an inviolable privacy are
constantly thrust upon us by paragraph
ers and interviewers, whose existence
Is a dubious blessing, until it Is assumed
by censors of the stage that this busi
ness is part ar>d parcel of theatrical ad
vertisement. Columns of this sort of
rubbish are printed every week: and
many an actor is pestered to death for
titbits about his ox and his ass and
everything that is his. Occasionally you
may read solemn articles about the insa
tiable vanity of the actor, which must
be gratified at any cost— as though van
ity were peculiar to any section of tho
community! But what this organized
gossip reall/ advertises is the industry
of the gentlemen who collect it, and the
smartness of the papers in which It is clr-
culated.
At first blush this sounds noble and
just— that fs. if you do not happen to
know that Henry Irving long has been
and still is the best advertised actor in
England; that no small measure of his
large success is directly attributable to
the friendly "paragraph," "interview"
and other "rubbish" written by these
organized gossipers "whose existence
is a dubious blessing"; and that recent
ly he refused to admit to the first night
TURN THESE PICTURES UPSIDE DOWN AND YOU'LL SEE
RUDINOFF, the talented Russian,
who is now at the Orpheum, has
furnished The Call with some of
his freehand trick drawing, in
which he excels. Only those who
have seen him work can understand
how quickly he executes his ideas in
black and white.
With a sheet of paper and with a black
crayon he In less than half a minute
makes a few quick strokes, a dot or two
and there appears a tangled mass of lines
which at first sight appear meaningless
to the audience, for his pictures are
drawn upside down. The moment the
AMUSEMENTS.
M+M+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B
S BALDWIN THEATER. !
■ — — +
y BEGrHSTNTNO g ■
■ MONDAY, MARCH 14. f
■ FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO. . ■
II THE |
I MYSTERIOUS |
1 MR. BUGLE. |i
be A T itlmate Farce In 3 Acts by Madeleine Lucette Ryley, author of B
B ■ -CHRISTOPHER JR." "AN AMERICAN CITIZEN," Etc. +
■ .;•". • PRESENTED BT . t' T
I JOSEPH HOLLAND |
jj[y / ; ■ . AND AN EFFICIENT CAST. 11l
± AND AN EFFICIENT CAST. ■
| B ComJne— Beautiful Anna Held and "The Cat and Cherub." B
I ■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+ ■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
of "Peter the Great" George Bernard
Shaw, one of the foremost critics of
England, because, as his manager said,
three lines of adverse criticism in the
Saturday Review would be of no value
to the Lyceum Theater.
ASHTON STEVENS.
THE OUJER WOpLD.
NeWs ar\d Gomment of Distant
Plavjs and players.
Poor Clement Scott! Nearly every
body has taken a whack at him since
that unvarnished interview about the j
morality of actresses. Only Bernard j
Shaw and Robert Buchanan were con- I
spicuously in the derense of their col
league. Shaw, with his usual open
ness, says that Scott told but half the j
truth, but that the parsons needn't read j
sermons to the stage on that account. !
as they would do better to look to their i
own congregation, who employ laun
dresses to shine and starch their Sun
day linen at wages that virtually com
pel immorality. Buchanan settles the
subject with a single epigram: "Twen
ty thousand virtuous women on the
stage, and only three actresses!"
Few people know that Scott wrote the
words of "Promise Me." Selina Do
laro, who is now dead, used to tell a
good story on the London critic. She
joked shamelessly about his infatuation
for her, and the climax came when she
explained how he used to write lyrics
for private circulation. One day, while
at luncheon with two other actresses
who were among the public favorites
of the hour, the three wimien began to
compare their notes.
"I say, girls," said Miss Dolaro, "a
new poem was sent to me this morn
ing. I'll tell you the first line. Then I
want you to guess who it sounds
like!"
With roguish twinkle in her eyes,
Dolaro struck a mock posture and be
gan:
Oh! Promise me that some day you and I—
But, without waiting to give her an
i answer, the second actress burst in
| hastily:
May take our love together to some sky —
: Then, suddenly, the deep contralto
! voice of the third actress intoned sol
j emnly:
Where we may be alone and faith renew
And find the hollows where these flowers grew.
j That was enough. In less than an
other minute those three women had
tried and convicted Scott of three-ply
deception; and the story of his duplic-
I ity — thanks to the vivacity of Miss
j Dolaro's tongue — was soon a standing
i joke in every club in London.
And this all took place years and
1 years before Reginald de Koven had
discovered the poem, and, with the as
sistance of Jessie Bartlett Davis made
I it once more famous.
Richard Mansfield is endeavoring to
secure the American rights for Ed
mond Rostand's "Cyrano de Bergirac,"
the poetic play which, since it was first
sketch is turned to an upright position
the result of his deft work becomes ap
parent. He has with these few strokes
of the crayon drawn the head of a man
or woman that ranks as a character
sketch.
Another line of work in which he ex
Try Your Best to Turn These Faces Upside Down.
produced at the Theatre Porte-Saint-
Martin, in Paris, last December, with
Coquelin in the title role, has been the
greatest French success of recent
times. The London Telegraph gives an
account of part of the play, in which
It says that the central character, Cy
rano, so admirably played— false nose
and all— by M. Coquelin, is an ugly,
lovable, unselfish hero, who, when he
finds that his love for his cousin Rox
ane is not returned, and that she loves
Christian de Neuvillette, devotes him
self to the task of writing love letters
to help his rival's suit. Christian gets
killed in the wars, and Cyrano himself
is suffering from a mortal disease. In
a beautiful scene in the fifth act the
secret of the love letters is. at last dis
covered. Cyrano is, at Roxane's re
quest, reading the last message from
her dead lover. It is already dusk, yet
Cyrano seems to know the words by
heart. So the lady finds out the truth.
Roxane (putting her hand on his
shoulder)— How can you read? It Is
quite dark.
(He starts to find her so near him,
and his head sinks on his breast. A
long silence. Then in the darkness she
speaks.)
And for fourteen years he has played
this game I
Cyrano— Roxane l
Roxane— lt was you
Cyrano— No, no!
Roxane — I understand all the gener
ous imposture: The letters, it was
you ?
Cyrano— No, no!
Roxane— The dear, mad words, they
were yours! The voice In the night, tt
was yours! The soul that spoke to me,
it was youra!
Cyrano— No. no; I did not love you.
Roxane — You loved me.
Cyrano — No; It was the other.
Roxane — It was you. You loved me.
Cyrano — No.
Roxane— Already you hesitate.
Marteau's Hair— Before and After Serving in the French
Army.
Cyrano — No, dear love, I did not love
you.
Roxane — Why for fourteen years nave
you been siknt, when on this letter,
where he is nothing, these tears are
yours?
Cyrano— This blood on the letter la
his!
Roxane— Then, why break this sub
lime silence of yours tt-day?
So the scene runs on witfi increasing
pathos. The hero is dying, but has
not been able to deny himself a final
interview with his lady love. At the
last he wins from Roxane's lips his first
and only kiss.
Even "Cannon" can be canned too
much, writes Acteon Davies apropos of
cels is in that similar to illustrations
used in this connection, and are known as
"double-headers." When viewed from
one position one character appears, and
when the picture is turned another way
an entirely different profile comes to
view. Of course the illustrations furnished
AMUSEMENTS.
RIEOIANDiB GOTIICB s C»u»»m »"*«•»»
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
A SURE WINNER.
- - PRIMROSE k WEST'S BIG MINSTRELS - -
GEORGE PRIMROSE, AMERICA'S GREAT-
EST MINSTREL; GEORGE WILSON,
PRINCE OF COMEDIANS; K. M. HALL, FA-
MOUS BAXJOIST. AND 4u OTHERS.
Telephone, Red 2241. HATCH BROS.
mOOrsTdlrwareTlely,
Rocitals of Scottish Song and Story.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
MONDAY EVENING, MARCH 21.
"A NICHT WI f BURNS."
TUESDAY EVENING, MARCH 22.
ROSE, THISTLE AND SHAMROCK,
General Admission, 60c; Reserved Seats, 75c.
Scats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., on and after March
17 or at Box Office Evenings of Concers.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
CLASSIC STAKE!
NEW DOGS OLD DOGS-CRACK DOGS !
Big Money !— Big Money!
Tics and Consolation Stake To-Day-
Minnie Seligman's vaudeville version of
the play conducted by Martha Morton.
Mr. Davies says that the performance
was like trying to force a full length
portrait into a pocket picture frame
large fragments of both "Carmen" and
Miss Seligman lapped over on either
side.
Here are some more Imitation Oscar
Wildisms from "The Tree of Knowl
edge," which has just closed In Lon
don and will last the season out in New
York:
Monica— Mamma, don't abuse the major.
The major is a brick.
Mrs. Stanyon— Possibly; but you needn t
throw him at my head all the time.
Kigll (referring to the clever rascal of
tho play)— His one delipht is to make him
self out to be worse than he is.
Monica— Really? I doubt if he'll suc
ceed.
Nigll— I think I could be happy If it
were not —
Roupeil— Tour past? You treat your
past as a child does the seed it has
planted out of sight tne day before— you
diX it up to see how it's getting on. Why
don't you sow forgetfulness and get
L.onica to help you?
Roupeil— Married happiness Is largely
dependent on mutual reticence.
Belle (the deserted adventuress to her
former lover)— There is no quality so
austere as the virtue of a man who has
seen some one else.
Old Sir Mostyn— Optimism is the intoxi
cant of youth and the narcotic of age.
Xigil (advising his erring friend to face
the consequences manfully)— The lives of
other men before you have been warped
and bent. I..ay yours on the anvil and
hammer it straight again.
Monica— l should like to bring a little
happiness to you. Sorrows are often only
phantoms that will disappear If we let in
a little daylight.
The lovesick major — The matrimonial
brigade is the finest branch in the service.
Belle— Wait until you're under fire!
Monica refuses the major but offers him
friendship.
Major— Friendship! Ah, I see you want
to put me on half pay— 1 can expect at
my time of life. . tv.- ; ,
The Sun says it's an 111 -wind that
blows no theatrical manager good. Not
only has the disaster to the ; Maine
caused "The White Heather" to play
to larger business than ever on ac
count of its realistic scene at the bot
tom of the sea, but an extra force " of
playwrights is now working night and
day upon a melodrama which will bring
I The Call had to be done in pen and ink
i and much more carefully executed than
' his work for the stage, but even in this
the five sketches were finished in fifteen
minutes.
Mr. Rudinoff does not intend to follow
vaudeville, but hopes some day to return
to art. At present he is dealing with the
AMUSEMENTS. ;
a t n A rr An always
ALCAZAR. - crowded -
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT.
Last Performance of
"A GILDED FOOL!"
J5 TO-MORROW
batffr'W '/ MONDAY NIGHT,
<£$§&TzfiSf A Political
—J^— wli The American Theater (New
flw •' -gLI York City) Success.
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY
SPECIAL SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
. Seats by Phone Main 254. , . !-■ . ■■. ■
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter M0r05c0........501e Lessee and Manactr
Last Two Performances of
"THE WOMAN IN BLACK."
Commencing To-morrow, « March 14, Revival of
. the - Great > Irish i Racing Drama, ;v; v >' v ;
"THE , ENGLISH ROSE. »
GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE • ST. PAT-
UK RICK'S DAY.
Celtic Wit.: Romance. Picturesque - Scenery.
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, 6Qc. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. : ' ? s^^S -
■ ■ ■ - :--.' ■
the Cuban situation essentially up to
date. Most of the Cuban dramas are
now doing one nig-ht stands, having ex
hausted their popularity in the big
cities, but nearly all the managers of
the combination theaters in New York
are now trying their utmost to cancel
the contracts of the companies that
they had engaged for next week in or
der to bring the shop- worn Cuban plays
back to the metropolis at once.
Much interest in New York Is ex
hibited in the return of Josef Hoff
mann, who played with Thomas' Or
chestra last Tuesday week. When
last heard in America young Hoffmann
was a child prodigy; now, from all ac
counts, he has fulfilled the promise of
his youth and must be reckoned one
of the very first pianists of the world.
Golumbia.
There will be another week of Prim
rose & West's minstrels at the Colum
bia, during which new songs and spe
cialties will be introduced, and then
comes Rice's "1492," a musical ex
travaganza that appeared at the Bald
win nearly two years since. The female
impersonator of the present production
is Stuart, the "Male Patti." The Her
ald Square Quartet, Thomas Meade,
the boy tenor, and some sixty others
are of the company.
BaldWirv
The "Mysterious Mr. Bugle," a play
that has received no little attention
from the Eastern critics and even from
the monthly reviews since its success
ful production at the New York Ly
ceum Theater, will be presented for the
first time at the Baldwin Theater to
morrow night. The play is from the
pen of Madeleine Lucette Ryley, who
also wrote "Christopher Jr." and "An
American Citizen," both of which found
much favor in San Francisco. In
"Mysterious Mr. Bugle" there is said
to be no attempt at sentiment or any
thing in the nature of a serious story.
For this good reason it is called a farce,
though it is said to be written in the
spirit of comedy and to appeal more
to lovers of the witty than lovers of
the silly.
_The humor of the situations is
evolved from the white lies of one
Betty Fondacre and the unreasonable
jealousy of her fiance, Tom Pollinger.
Tom having a wealthy but eccentric
grandmother to propitiate, persuades
Betty to keep her engagement to him
a secret, and, being of a jealous dis
position, he makes Betty pretend that
she is a married woman in order that
would-be suitors 1;p kept nt bay.
They agree that she shall call her
self Mrs. Bugle, a name they choose
at random. This causes Betty to tell
any number of harmless fibs which in
volve her in endless difficulties, one of
which makes her cousin, Allan Fond
acre, conclude that Tom Pollinger is in
love with Betty's sister Julia, which
discovery he confides to Betty. Out
raged at her lover's duplicity, Betty re
venges herself by telling Tom that
there really is a Mr. Bugle, and that
what he has supposed was a sham is a
reality. This brings matters up to
concert pitch, and the latter part of the
play concerns Tom's jealous anxiety
concerning the mythical Mr. Bugle,
who is not entirely accounted for un
til the final curtain rings down.
Prominent in the cast is Mr. Joseph
\ Holland, who has not been here for a
! long time, but who will be none the
less welcome on that account. Other
names more or less familiar are Gretch
|en Lyons, Wlnona Shannon, Agnes
i Findlay, Edgar Norton, Lucius Hen-
I dersc-n and Charles Collins.
California.
The California will be reopened to
nigrht with a revised production of
"Town Topics," a farce comedy which
was given at the Columbia a season or
two ago. A radical change has been
stage as a means to an end. While at
tending the art school at Munich he de
veloped his talent as an entertainer in
the little sociables among the students,
and when the time came that he found
himself short of means he then began to
turn his talent to account.
There is also a little romance in his
life. For a time Rudinoff retired to a
monastery, and it is said that some of
the sketches he executed on the wall are
still the wonder of the monks. He con
cluded, however, that his life as a priest
would not be a success and he returned
to the world and for a time was engaged
as illustrator on the Parisian magazine.
Later he took to the stage, and hopes
within a year to return to the art school
at Munich.
'AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, MAR. 14.
Will H. Fox, comedian-pianist; Bush & For-
rest comedy sketch artists; Athas & Collins,
Australia's favorites; Mr. and Mrs. Tom Me-
Intosh. ebony fun; Jose Quintet, greatest vocal-
ists; Josephine Sabel, vivacious chanteuse, in-
troducing the great Human Music Sheet— col-
ored vocalists: Rudlnoft, fantastic delineator;
Webb & Hassan, hand acrobats; Smith & Cook,
25c. Balcony. 10c. Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c. „ . ■
/^m, SIX FREE LECTURES
rf^§§») On Spirit, Soul Phrenology and Health,
VX3S at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on
j Fifth it., near Market, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the late Prof. 0. B. Fowler, tho Cele-
■ brated Phrenologist ot New Tork. '■'■;'■.
Monday, March 14, 8 p. m.— "Spirit, Soul and
P Tu °dayr March 15. 2:30 p. m.-"Tn« Mys-
teries of .Women," ladles only. -■■ -■*•■;-■--; , '/ •■•■-■'
Wednesday, March 16. T:3O p. m.— "Afflictions
of Women." ladles only. _ . : • -.\
Friday, March IS, 8 p. m.— Manhood; Its
Virtues and Faults,' > gentlemen only. :
Saturday, March 19, -. 8 p. "Electricity:
Its Application to Disease." - --v>' - . '
Classes taught ; the application of electricity
,to cure disease, : beginning March 22. Phre-
nologic&l examinations daily from 9; a. m. till
9 p. m. unMl March 31, at the California Hotel,
on Bush St., near Kearny.
made In the prices, 50 cents being the
highest.
Alcazar.
"The District Attorney," a political
and social play written by Harrison
Grey Fiske and Charles Kline and well
known here, will be presented at the
Alcazar next week. "A Gilded Fool"
will be played to-night for the last
time. One of John Drew's successes,
"The Butterflies," by Henry Guy Carle
ton, will be given at the Alcazar in
the near future.
Titfoli.
With Sunday night's performance
the Tivoli's "Geisha" production will
come to a close and then good-by to
the prettiest musical comedy of recent
years and one of the most creditable
performances ever given by a local
company. The piece to follow is "The
Widow O'Brien," a howling farce with
copious musical interpolations.
Morosco's.
"The English Rose," from the pens
of Robert Buchanan and George R.
Sims, will be the production at Mo
rosco's this week. It is a picturesque
melodrama, with a judicious mingling
of pathetic and humorous scenes, and
was originally produced at the Adelphl
Theater in London, where it had a phe
nomenal run. Its success was repeated
when produced in this country. It made
its last appearance here at Morosco's
a little over two years ago. Its title
would hardly Indicate that it is an Irish
play, but it is, the scenes being locat
ed in the vicinity of Westport, a flour
ishing seaport town in County Mayo,
Ireland.
The plot has to do with the landlord
question and the rent riots, tbe sensa
tional element being in the third act,
when a tenant murders his landlord
and the hero is accused of the crime.
The comedy element which prevail*
throughout the drama is of a compara
tively superior order, and its Celtic hu
mor greatly relieves the melodramatio
incidents. A striking representation of
the ruins of Bally-Veeney • Castle, a
view of a mountain road by moonlight,
and a representation of the famous
"Devil's Bridge" will be scenic fea
tures of the production. The cast is a
long one, requiring the full strength ot
the company and several additions.
OrpKeum.
In addition to the already strong bill
at the Orpheum several new attrac
tions will mark the new week. Prom
inent among them is Will H. Fox,
whose humorous impersonations at the
pianoforte have given him the title of
the vaudeville Paderewskl. Athas and
Collins have been brought from Aus
tralia for the Orpheum circuit. They
are classed as the very best of Aus
tralian vaudevillers and it is expected
they will make a hit. Burke and For
rest, whose work was so well received
here about one year ago, will return
with a dumber of new and good things.
The Orpheum has had cake walkers
and buck and wing dancing, all by
genuine colored people, but now come
Mr. and Mrs. Tom Mclntosh, a colored
team, who confine their efforts to
straight comedy.
The hold-overs include Rudlnoff,
whose smoke pictures, imitations and
shadowgraphing have made him a
great Orpheum favorite: Josephine Sa
bel and the human music sheet, with a
new line of songs, several of which are
entirely new to the Pacific Coast, and
the Jose Quintet in new selections.
Ghutes.
A big collection of wild animals Is
now on exhibition at the Chutes. There
are twenty-two lions, an elephant and
almost everything else in the quadru
ped line. Chiquita is still tnere, and
for some time will continue to- receive
every afternoon and evening. A good
vaudeville show is given in the Free
Theater, and this afternoon two per
formances will be given at 2 and 4
o'clock.
Olvjmpia.
The Olympla Music Hall offers a va
ried bill of music and vaudeville.
JVlarteau's Recitals.
Yesterday afternoon at the Young
Men's Hall Marteau gave the first of a
proposed series of independent recitals,
assisted by Lachaume, the pianist.
In an auditorium smaller than the
Tivoli's the playing of the young
violinist sounded to especially good
advantage. He repeated his tri
umph of Thursday by playing
again the first Bach sonata for violin
alone. He and Lachaume played a so
nata by Caesar Frank with fine effect,
and all the shorter pieces were received
with genuine applause. A second re
cital with an entirely new programme
will be given on Wednesday evening in
the same hall.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Kbeling. Proprietor 4 Manarar
THIS EVENING
SONG! DANCE! FUN
The Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
A Story of a Teahouse. v J
The Prettiest Production of the Tear. i
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND BO CENTS.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone «c— ■-
Ice no orders for seats will be received her»-
after. _______-_-_———-.
THE FINEST COLLECTION OF
***:"WH-i:D ANIM-AJ-S:***
Ever Shown in this Country Is at the
..._:00,..
IN THE CHUTES.
THE ELEPHANT, "JOLLY." LIKES CHTI»-
- vs. DRENI
ALSO CHIQUITA AND A 810 SHOW.
CAPTAIN CARDONO and His Group of
TRAINED LIONS.
SPECIAL— Two Afternoon -Performance! To-
day, at 2 and 4 o'clock.
Feeding of the Carnlvora at S and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc. Children. 5c
Y. M. C. A.JCDITORIUM.
Wednesday Evening March 16,
SECOND VIOLIN ;
RBCITALi.
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by
LACHAUME.
FIA.ISTIST.
— AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME ,
Reserved Seats, »1 50. at the San Francisco
Music Store. £25 Sutter st ' ■
DACING! ■ RACING! ' RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— -
Winter Meeting. 1537-98. Beginning MONDAT.
March 7, to March 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RAOINB MONDAY, TOEBDAY, WEDNESDAT,
* ~ THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATORDAT.
FIVE OR MORE RACES ) EACH DAY.
•1-1— RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. BHARP.
Ferry ' boats leave San ; Francisco at 12 m. ',
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00. 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your > ferry - tickets . to ; Shell ■
Mound. '■' Returning— Trains leave the track at
415 and 4:45 p. m., and Immediately after th«
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre*.
{ R, B. MILROY. Secretary. t ,
2526
SOCIETY
SOCIETY as yet has made no ef
forts to break the even calm of
the Lenten season.
The following: officers and their
wives were present at a luncheon
given on board the Corwin by
Assistant Engineer and Mrs. Ruck on
Wednesday last: Lieutenant and Mrs.
Reed, Lieutenant and Mrs. Butt, Lieuten
ant and Mrs. T'berroth, Mrs. Boswick.
Lieutenant Gamble, and Assistant Engi
neer Nash of the Grant, Lieutenant Cut
ter of the Rush, and Lieutenants Chis
well and Billard of the Corwin. Mrs.
Rock !s a recent arrival from San Diego
and is sojourning here during the stay
of her husband's ship in port.
The Colonial Dames in California held
their March meeting at tho home of Mrs.
C. H.. Jouett on Pine street. Mrs. Alden
6. Wright, chairman, presided. Invita
tions to various entertainments given by
the Colonial Dames of various Eastern
States were read, and the annual circu
lar lettprs of the Connecticut and New
Hampshire societies were most interest-
Ing, especially :is a New Hampshire
Dame, Mrs. ( s ooke, the wife of the new
rector of Trinity Church in this city, was
the guest of honor. In the social part of
the entertainment. Mrs. Jouett was as-
Bisted by her sister. Mips K<>so Hooper,
and Miss Leontine Blakeman. Among
those present were: Mrs. Selden S.
Wright, Miss A. A. B. Wright. Mrs. C. H.
Jouett, Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, Mrs.
George A. Crux, Miss Mary A. Bowen,
Mrs. J. L. Moody, Mrs. and Miss Mad
dux. Mrs. W. A. Brewer. Mrs. E. W.
Newhall. Mrs. T. Z. Blakeman, Misses ]
Jones, Brooke and Rose.
J KeyVe Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Badie Gelder of Lorin, Berkeley, and Dave
<'aro of this city. They will receive
Sunday, March 13, from 2 till 5 p. m., at
1311 Fairview street. Lorin. Berkeley.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Rose Cooper to George Silberstein. They
will receive- Sunday, March 20, at 915^2
Butter street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Kittle ODonnell and Frank Stanley Ir
vine. The wedding will take place the
latter part of September.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Jean Franklin, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
M. Franklin, and D. M. Moses of New
York. They will receive Sunday, March
20, from 2 to 6 p. m.
Mrs. \V. 11. Kruger of Alameda an
nounces the engagement of her daughter,
Marion Adella, to Ernest Albrecht Vic
tors.
Wedding Bells.
The wedding of Miss Hattie Barrett, eld
est daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William H.
Barrett, and John J. Sullivan, was solemn
ized Sunday afternoon, February 20, at
St. James Church, corner Twenty-third
and Guerrero streets, by the Rev. Father
Lynch. The bride was attended by her
sisti-r. Nellie Barrett, and the groom by
his brother, William I>. K. Sullivan. After
thp wedding ceremony the relatives and
intimate friends of the contracting par
ties repaired to the residence of the bride.
43 Elgin Park, where a reception was
held.
The wedding of S. S. Seaton and Miss
E. A. Patterson took place at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Eiawley, 41S
C'apii street, Sunday evening last at i>
o'clock. Charles E. Paulson was
best man, and Miss Ethel M. Harbour
bridesmaid. The parlors were tastily dec
orated with peach blossoms and pink and
yellow roses. A number of young friends
were present, and after the happy young
couple were made one all were served
with an elaborate luncheon, which was
followed by music and a merry good time.
Mr. and Mrs. Seaton will at once go to
keeping at their residence. 3259 Sac
ramento street, and will be at home after
"Wednesday, March 9.
Glub parties.
A grand Purim ball was given under the
auspices of the Ladies' Endeavor Society
of the Congregation Beth Israel on Tues
day evening, March S. at Native Sons'
Hall. The affair was a most delightful
success.
The regular entertainment and dance of
the Sons of Vermont was held on Friday
evening. March 11, at Odd Fellows' Half,
when the following programme was pre
sented: Specialties, Miss Venie Wells;
comic selections, Thomas G. Egbert; reci
MAKING FARMS OUT OF INLAND SEAS.
THE tule marsh lands of the Sa n Joaquin will vanish. Already vast
tracts of bog and marsh land have been reclaimed, and the great dredgers
of the o!d River Land and Reclamation Company are rapidly turning
thousands of other acres that were once nothing but water, tules and peat
bogs into the finest land that can be found in California's borders.
To those who have not traveled over the immense tracts of reclaimed
land and witnessed the transformation from floating islands, vastreaches
of tules and ponds of yellow lilies to the fields where now is growing the golden
grain that is to be the salvation of the California farmer, these statements
may seem like some Aladdin tale. The fact remains, however, that the best land
ever discovered for the raising of garden truck and grain lies within those im
mense levees that guard from the water the once submerged lands along the
San Joaquin River.
All of this work has been done recently— that Is. within the past year,
though the preliminaries were entered into long before the actual commence
ment of the drainage of the tracts. The great dredgers that had to be brought
into requisition cost thousands on thousands of dollurs, and now on one of
these is located the largest pumping plant in California, its capacity being
85,000 gallons a minute.
The work of these great dredgers, with their giant pumps, has entirely
changed the appearance of the tracts that He between Stockton and Bethany
Just now the cump of the workmen is located at the last named place, and
there the storehouse is
When John Herd Jr. and Engineer Ferris broached the subject of putting
the bog into tillable soil many scoffed at the idea. One of the great features of
the work was the cutting of a drainage canal, three miles long, 100 feet wide
nnd ten feet deep, through the tract owned by the corporation. This is known
es the relief- canal and allows the rushing waters of the San Joaquin during the
winter months to escape without damasine the levees that have been thrown up
about the lands.
! tatlon. "Her Letter" (Bret Harte), Mrs C.
J. Kaighin; recitative and aria (Jewel
scene), "Faust," Mrs. Alvina Heuer-Wil
son. "The Pardon" — Cast: Queen, Carro
True Boardman; Lady Marion, Estelle
Millar: Kathryn, Mabel Hipkins; Adrian
(a page), Jessica Neuman. "The Ride of
I the Elves" (Anderson), Arcadian Ladies'
j Quartet, first soprano, Miss Mac Culen;
> second soprano. Miss Edith Hanks; first
I contralto. Miss Florence Conner; second
i contralto. Miss Jeannette Patridge.
Home Qatherings.
On Thursday evening last Miss Fran
ces Raphael entertained a number of her
friends iat a progressive whist party at
her residence, 1008 Sacramento street.
Among those present were: Miss Mattle
Zobel, Miss Florence Smith, Miss Marie
Barman, Miss Martha Regner, Miss Ber
tie Waller, Miss Hattie Cowan and Miss
Birdie Jacobs, and the following gentle
men: Hon. F. H. Kerrigan, Al Zobel,
Marcus Lafee, Ralph Davis, Michael
Isaacs, Charles Claussen, Meyer Lewis
Miss M. Zobel and Hon. F. H. Kerrigan
were the prize-winners, and the consola
tion prizes were awarded to Miss Birdie
Jacobs and Marcus Lafee. The rooms
were beautifully decorated with violets
and smilax. About midnight the guests
adjourned to the dining room, where a
sumptuous repast was served, after which
dancing was indulged in until the wee
sma' hours.
A delightful party was given at the
home of Mrs. L. Keane In Sausalito on
the evening of February 26 by a number
of young people from San Francisco. The
time was passed pleasantly in dancing,
sinking and games till the wee hours of
the morning, when a bountiful repast was
Ived. Merrymaking continued till day
ak, when all left on the early boat for
hose present were: Misses Mamie
Ilor, Hattie Collopy, Mollie Madden,
ephine Laws, Edna Rock, Grace and
ie Cambridge of Ala.m<-da, May Lowry,
la Sellou. Mabel Leary, Daisy Johnso.n
mie Foiey, Marguerite Corbet, Nellie
vry; Mrs. Hayes, Mrs. Keane, Mrs.
Leary; B. Hasty, Dr. Taylor, J. McCul
lougfa, A. Smith, R. Angell, G. Vaga, T.
Morcum, J. Lowry. J- Travers, J. Foley,
Mr. Hampton, H. Leary, Mr. Theall, H.
Foley, T. Foley, Ed Lowry, J. Hanley.
(iss Maude Fisher was tendered a
hday surprise party hist Friday even
at her residence, 525 Bartlett street,
ong those present were: Mrs. Fisher,
>. Sullivan; Misses Maude Fisher,
rguerite McDonnell, Agnes Sullivan,
i- Morse, Lillian Wicht and Annie Mc
mell; Albert Lyman, William McKee,
W'einholz, Eugene Lahunier, John
Magruire, Walter Fisher, Doane Shaw,
Sylvan Solig, Daniel Setright and Bert
Wlnrow.
A birthday party was given at the resi
dence of Mrs. E. C. Hisgen. 1307 Webster
street, on Saturday, March 5. The par
lors and dining-room were decorated with
potted plants and cut Mowers. Those pres
ent were: Mrs. H. Stettin, Mrs. G. Wen
del, Mrs. J. Marlin, San Lorenzo; Mra.
F. M. Eggers, Mrs. Andre, Mrs. J. H.
Schroder, Mrs. K. Wans, Miss A. Schroe
der. Miss M. Sehroeder. Mrs. J. Jaeoby,
Miss J. Jacoby. Mrs. Schwartz, Mrs. Val
entine and Mrs. M. Zeile.
A surprise party was tendered to Miss
Mamie Blanford Saturday evening, Feb
ruary 26, at her residence, 514 Clipper
street. Those present we-re Miss Mamie
Blanford. Miss Ida Holliday, Miss Grace
Little, Miss Hamilton. Miss Claude Pat
terson, Miss Nellie Mayle, Miss Amanda
("amps. Miss Lottie Holliday, Mrs. Blan
ford, Mrs. Boost, Miss Grace Holliday, '■
Lou David, Joe Chinholm, Bert Gummer,
Ed Norman, John Little, Mr. McDaniels,
Charles Blanford. James McCormick, Mr.
Portiers. James Gilfeather. Mr. Holliday,
Albert Harris, Philip Martin, Mr. Clark,
Dan McKillip. Mr. Welsh, Charles Boost
and Alfred Holliday.
On Wednesday afternoon, March 9. a
pleasant birthday party was given Miss
Gladys and Master Raymon Gunning on
the occasion of their fourth anniversary.
Music, both instrumental and vocal, danc
ing and games, made the hours pass
pleasantly. Those present were: Miss
Lena Bantel, atißß Katie McPhillips, Mhss
Ethel d'Arcy. Miss Gladys Gunning, Miss
Alice McPhillips. Miss Aggie Buick. Miss
Lottie Wales, Miss Flora Hansen,
Miss Edna Gibson. Miss Milured Hart,
j Miss Florence Laselle, Miss Rosie Young,
Miss Xita Hart. Miss Agnes Young, Miss
Ruth Jacobs. Miss Frances Young, Miss
i Mildred Gibson, Miss Gertie Ford, Miss
Mildred Ft^han, Miss Nellie Sulli
van, Miss Ethel Turner, Miss Helen Mc-
Fadden, Miss Mamie Lee. Harold Bert
ram, Albert Saunders, Willie Hansen,
THE DREDGER GOLDEN GATE AT WORK CLEARING THE CHANNEL
From a Photograph.
THE SAIN" FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
Raymon Gunning, Petle Weber, Frankie
Hansen, Joey Bertram, Wallace Feehan,
Clarence Bertram, George Bantel, Albert
Gibson Charles Bantel, Harold McPhil
lips, Jonnie Bulck, Owen Lee, Leslie Tur
ner, Tommie Lee. Mrs. d'Arcy. Miss
Teany O'Rourke, Miss Rinda Blake, Miss
B. Jacobs, Mr. and Mrs. Bertram. «trs.
McFadden. Mrs. Hansen, Mrs. Hart, Mrs.
Saunders, Mrs. Fogarty, Mrs. Bulck, Mrs.'
Gibson, Mrs. Young, Mrs. K. Hart, Mrs.
Turner, Mrs. Lee, Mrs. Feehan, Mrs. Con
ners, Mrs, McPhillips and Mr. and Mrs.
Gunning.
A Golusa Tea.
COLUSA, Cal., March 12.— Wednesday
afternoon from 3 to 6 o'clock the home of
Mr. and Mrs. C. E. de St. Maurice on
Main street was a scene of liveliness
and good cheer. Mrs. J. H. Davies, the
only daughter. Is home for a visit and
her parents tendered her a delightful re
ception that her friends, who are legion,
might have an opportunity of meeting
and greeting her before she returns to
her home, 2211 Van Ness avenue, San
Francisco.
The house was converted Into a verit
able flower garden and everything be
tokened the happiness that was reign
ing as the girlhood friends of the hon
ored guests came and went. The parlors
THE CROSS MARKS THE SITE OF THE BUILDING NEAR SAN DIEGO
BAY WHERE THE COLLEGE WILL BE BUILT.
were tastefully decorated In peach blos
soms and trailing vines and choice potted
plants met the eye from every conceiv
able corner. ,
The tearoom was a bower of loveli
ness in violets and trimmings of that
shade intermingled with ivy. A small
alcove at one end of the room was can
opied with ivy and filled with potted
plants. Violets were everywhere, per
fuming the whole house with their de
licious odor and even passing into the
street. •
Choice refreshments were served to the
guests and cordial intercourse reigned su
preme during the afternoon.
Those who assisted in receiving were
Misses Cora Grover, Nellie Gilmour,
Maude Brooks, Atha Rich, Virginia Be
vllle, Nannie Brittan, Agnes Liening,
Mesdames M. J. Boggs, E. C. Barrell, R.
Cosner and J. L. Jackson.
Ir\ the Future.
The barmltzvah of Jacob Crown, son of
Mr. and Mrs. D. E. Crown, will take place
at the Geary Street Temple Saturday.
March 19. They will receive their friends
in the afternoon from 2 to 5 at their resi
dence, 31S Hayes.
The R. K. L. will give their third even-
Ing dress party -at Saratoga Hall on
Thursday evening, March 31.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the popular Western Addition
Literary and Social Club will be held on
"Wednesday evening, March 16, at Native
Sons' Hall.
The following excellent programme has
been arranged for the evening's enter
tainment :
Overture, orchestra; barytone solo (se
lected). B. O. Tarbox; piano solo (select
ed). Miss Cecil Cowles (age four years) ;
soprano solo, '.'Once in a Life" (Lander),
Miss Clara Atkins; banjo solo (selected ,
Professor D. Mansfield; "Sugar and
Cream," comedietta in one act, by James
P. Hurst, cast— Mr. Wentworth, Arthur
W. Jones; Frank (his son), Alfred A.
Borllni; Mrs. Mirfleld (a young widow),
Miss Mac Roberson; Spruce (her maid).
Miss Mac Capwell.
A grand domino party will be given by
the Mission Turn-Schwestern Verein at
Mission Hall. Eighteenth street, near Va
lencia, Sunday evening, March 20.
personals.
F. W. Dohrmann of San Francisco and
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Michaels of Alameda
These levees are immense affairs and their building has Involved much la
bor and expense. They are uniformly twenty feet at the base and are fully .
twelve feet above water. They are sufficiently wide for a good wagon road to
be constructed all along their tops.
While the work of cutting the drainage canal was a great undertaking and
that of throwing up the big banks of mud one of almost equal importance, that
of pumping the water from the submerged lands was the work of months. First
the dredgers went along the San Joaquin River and into its tributary sloughs,
digging from the bottom the mud that was to form the levees. "When the lands
were enclosed with banks high and strong enough to withstand the pressure of
the waters from the river and sloughs the big pumps were brought into requisi
tion and the water and mud from the tracts enclosed by the levees were forced
by suction over in^> the river, leaving the land within dry and ready for culti
vation.
The extent of the undertaking may be judged when it is known that the
company has ten of these giant dredgers at work. It now owns its own river
steamer, on which it carries its supplies and employes, and a handsome steam
launch carries the engineers from point to point while inspecting the work of
making a garden spot out of tule marshes and peat bogs.
Travelers on the river steamers cannot realize the vast extent of these
marshes and bogs. From a point on the levee near the Government experi
ment station on Union Island some idea may be obtained, for what appears to
be a vast inland sea greets the eye on ascending the bank. It is dotted with
little islands that seem fixed and stable enough, but many disappear from time
to time and dozens of unfortunate hunters have nearly lost their lives in taking
them to be as solid as mother earth. It will not be long before this Inland sea
is no more, and instead the dollar a bushel wheat will be waving over the
spots that were once the favorite haunts of the duck hunter.
The company that Is engaged in this reclamation work does not sell any
of the land, but leases It to those who desire to farm large tracts on chares.
intend leaving for Naples on March 6 on
the steamer Saale sailing frcrtn New York.
The following Californlans sailed on the
Furst Bismarck for Hamburg on Febru
ary 26: Mr. and Mrs. Herman Hoepfner.
Miss Louisa Hoepfner and maid. J. H.
Jahns, Miss Martha Meyer, Mr. and Mrs.
Adolph Son. Miss Ida Son. Miss Helen
Son, Miss Blanche Son and A. Vanderstar.
Mrs. Adolph Wetzstein of Butte, Mont.,
has left the Baltimore and is visiting
friends at 44 Belvedere street.
Mr. and Mrs. Emil Hirschfeld, child and
nurse have been visiting Mrs. Hirscn
feld's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Max Gruen
berg of Alameda.
Miss Hattie L. Brown and her sister,
Miss F. Alice, and their cousin, Miss Lil
lian K. Hamilton of Detroit. Mich., re
turned on the 9th on the steamship Mo
ana after an absence of six months with
relatives in New Zealand.
Mrs. Rose Vivian Wrigley of Denver,
Colo., is in the city for a few days, en
route to Santa Cruz, her former home.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Enright are spend
ing a few weeks at Oakville and St. He
lena.
Miss Grace Corwin has gone to Los
Angeles to make an extended visit with
Mrs. Dr. White.
Mrs. Brooke Greene of Palermo, daugh
ter-in-law of General O. D. Greene, is
here on a visit to her sister, Mrs. George
NEW THEOSOPHIST COLLEGE AT POINT LOMA, SAN DIEGO COUNTY.
From the Architect's Plans. »
Miss Alice Owens has returned from her
visit to the interior completely restored
to health after her serious illness.
Mr. and Mrs. Emile Dinkelspiel left for
an extended Eastern visit on Monday
last.
Judge and Mrs. S. B. Davidson of Dow
nieville are visiting their daughter, Mrs.
Hester Harland, at 172S Sutter street.
Miss Emily Pistolesl of IS2O Hyde street
is a guest of Miss Rose J.ieber of Brent
wood.
Mr. and Mrs. L. W. l-ovey have re
turned to the city and will be at home
on the third Thursday at 73S Ellis street.
To Be Deported.
Chun Cum Jew, a Chinese woman -who
claimed to be a native of California, has
been ordered deported by Collector Jack
son. Her story was proved to be false.
HOPES OF THEOSOPHISTS
IN POINT LOMA MYSTERIES.
WAGNER. In his soul music,
expressed the philosophy of
the world. Theosophy teach
es the philosophy of the
world. Therefore Wagner
was a theosophist."
Thus Mr. Crump, the latest exponent
of the doctrines of the Universal Broth
erhood. He was standing on the plat
form of the empty hall, where for a
couple of hours an audience had lis
tened entranced to the thrilling expres
sion of Wagner's great dramas. On
the screen before them they had seen
the knightly Lohengrin arrive in his
swan boat, and had watched his ro
mantic courtship of Elsa ending so
tragically because the demon of
do-übt snatched the cup of happiness
from the maiden's lips Just as she was
about to drain it to the dregs. They
had watched the Flying Dutchman ,
plow her stormy track through the!
seas, and had heard all about the "in- j
ncr soul motives" which give the key-
note to Tannhauser, The Ring of the
Nibelung, Tristan and Isolde and Parsi
fal.
This was very interesting, not to say
fascinating, but still the music and the
pictures did not after all explain to my
darkened mind why the Universal
Brotherhood has taken Wagner so com
pletely into its fold. Wagner, in spite
of the mysticism of his work, never
claimed membership of any occult soci
ety; perhaps he never heard of the
Universal Brotherhood or the Theo-
Bophical Society.
But Mr. Crump's explanation makes
it all beautifully simple, and-following
the same line of logic, Milton. Shakes
peare, Goethe, every great thinker of
1 every age, can be claimed as a the
j osophist. Nothing could indicate more
' clearly the universality of this new sys
tem for the teaching of world-old
truths. Theosophy, we may say, has
existed ever since man became a rea
j soning animal, and it is only presump
• tion on the part of us moderns to im
: agine it a new thing.
Still the combination with Wagner
ism, which is a very advanced musical
cult on its own account, is distinctly
new and so far seems remarkably suc
cessful.
"We have given this lecture," re
marked Mrs. Cleather, "in quite a
number of country towns, where you
would imagine the average intelli
gence was not up to the requisite stan
dard. But everywhere it has been well
received. The people seem to thor
oughly appreciate our ideas."
Mrs. Cleather, herself a disciple of
the great high priestess, Mme. Bla
vatsky, is a petite woman in a cream
colored gown of some marvelously
soft clinging material. It is the robe
of a priestess. There is something
ethereal about it, and as she stood on
the darkened platform, a gleam of
white against tho background of black
curtain, she seerried to have just mate
rialized from another sphere. This, of
course, is but pure fancy, for Mrs.
Cleather is practical enough in her
ways and knows how to carry her
propaganda into the midst of a busy,
hard-working world; how to bring the
truths she has to tell home with force,
appealing alike to toil-begrimed work
er and money-sodden plutocrat.
A couple of years ago there was a
wonderful awakening in theosophical
circles. Mrs. Tingley, the leader of
the Universal Brotherhood, started a
crusade around the world, Mrs. Cleath
er being a member of the party. There
were nine or ten people altogether and
it proved a pretty expensive trip, cost
ing ever $50,000. The American theos
ophists cheerfully footed the bill, for
there were substantial results to show,
seventeen new societies being started
in foreign parts and thousands of ad
herents being gathered into the new
scheme of philosophy.
It is estimated that there are some
8000 theosophists in the United States,
and that there is money behind the
faith is shown by the latest develop
ment, in which the State of California
is particularly interested. There are
riddles in psychology which none of us |
can "comprehend, there are latent
powers in man the existence of which,
except among members of the adept
fraternity, is never suspected. The
real action of thought, in spite of mod
ern scientific investigations, is still
concealed from us, the phenomena of
hypnotism, clairvoyance and thought
transference are but imperfectly un
derstood.
Latter day scientists, even men such
as the wizard-like Edison, cannot ex
plain these things, so the theosophists
are going to take the matter in hand.
Possibly we may know a good deal
more of these mysteries of ancient
times when the new college at Point
Loma, near San Diego, gets into work
ing order. For the cause theosophists
in all parts of the world have sub
scribed thousands of dollars, and there
is no doubt that the half million re
quired to complete the structure will
be forthcoming in due time. A little
over a year ago tijere was a great
gathering at Point Loma, when Mrs.
Katherine Tingley, as high priestess,
deposited, with all sorts of cabalistic
rites, an Egyptian onyx taken from the
Temple of the Sphinx in the corner
stone of the building.
And what is the good of all this fuss?
the Philistine, the man who dwells in
the outer darkness, will naturally in
quire. Well, of course, the college will
benefit only those who seek for the
light; it will facilitate inquiry into the
lost mysteries of antiquity. It will be
in short a sort of modern and purified
Temple of Eleusis. Useless for the
unbeliever to venture there, his lack
of faith will blind his eyes to the won
ders which are to be revealed. But
for the genuine student of occult af
fairs the institution holds out welcom
ing hands, and already numerous ap
plications for membership have been
received from all parts of the world.
Therefore, overlooking the bay of San
Diego, and close to the boundary of the
United States, we may expect before
long to see a college established unlike
any other which modern years have
witnessed.
But nut the least peculiar feature
I about the whole affair is that the site
| for the college was revealed to the high
! priestess, Mrs. Tingley, in an astral
j dream, so it is claimed. That is to
i say, she made a survey of It with her
j astral body, leaving her fleshly sur
i roundings^t home. And she was so
pleased nlh the situation that she de
cided at once to place the institution
there, and there, a costly edifice of solid
| marble and stone, it is to remain for
I all time.
Such experiences as these are not un
! common, according to the theosc-phists.
! Every now and again, from out of the
! hidden recesses of the Thibet Lamasa
! ries, where amid snowbound hills
the brethren of the adept fraternity
dwell, there comes a mysterious teach
er, who gives the cause a little shove
forward, and then retires to wait for a
new reincarnation.
Though the public performance of
miracles is rather discouraged by the
osophists, Madame Blavatsky, the
great founder of the society, did, as
Mr. Sinnett has told us, many strange
things. By reason of long study and
years of asceticism, some portion of
adept powers had been conferred upon
her, and she could, at any rate, create
missing teacups and saucers, and bring
little notes fluttering downward
through the air whenever they would
do the most good.
Years ago I met Colonel Olcott, who
aided Madame Blavatsky in founding
the Theosophical Society. The colonel,
a genial old gentleman, had many
strange tales to tell. "Do you see this
ring?" he said to me one day, pointing
to a gold circle which he carried on his
watch chain.
"Yes," I replied, examining it; "it's
gold, certainly, 18-carat stamp."
"That's not the point," he replied.
"The fact is, I got this ring one day at
a seance in New York. It was thrust
into the middle of a rose which I held
in my hand. It could only have been
put there by the spirits, because my
hand was tightly shut all the time, and
I felt nothing:.
"This occurred," he went on, "before
I had taken up the study of theosophy,
and I kept the ring merely as a curios
ity. But now it has to me a far high
er value.
"Years afterward, when I was in In
. ';• " ADVERTISEMENTS. " '^™^2^
GREAT VALUES
OFFERED
THIS WEEK!
n n Ei wm iW g - 'mm. H ' H ' Stk
Buyers are offered powerful inducements this
week in our efforts to make room for the IMMENSE
SPRING IMPORTATIONS NOW ARRIVING, as every
piece and yard of goods remaining from our vast
surplus stock must be cleared out, and this forces
us to make
CUTS THAT INSURE A QUICK SALE!
Colored Dress Goods !
9fl/» 19 pieces DOUBLE FOLD DRESS GOODS, in small and medium
t-MKt checks; will be offered at 20c a yard. " .
OCp 145 pieces DOUBLE FOLD SCOTCH TARTAN PLAIDS, value for 40c
£tO\j a yard; will be placed on sale at 25c a yard. - . '■-*■.;,•.;...■-
QKp 105 pieces 37-INCH SILK AN u WOOL FANCY CHECKS good value
%jU\j for 60c a yard; will be offered at 35c a yard. ' *h:
A(\ o 92 pieces 40-INCH ENGjI-ISH CURL DRESS GOODS, latest color-
"*■''*' ings, fine value for 75c a yard; will be placed on sale at 40c a yard. I
RCln 74 pieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NAVY DIAGONAL STORM
UVJVj SERGE, worth 75c a yard; will be placed on sale at 60c a yard.
7Kf> 62 pieces 44-INCH RENCH NOVELTY SUITING, new designs and
I U\j colorings, good value for $1 25 a yard; will be offered at 75c a yard.
Black Dress Goods!
Kn« 75 pieces 45-INCH ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE,
U\JVj worth 75c; will be offered at 50c yard.
«1 Rfl 25 pieces 52-inch FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH CREPON. worth reg- '
$I.VO u iar $1 50; will be offered at $1 yard. • - ,
" —^_ _ —^_ _ __— —^^^_^_ . " (
Lace Curtains! i
. ' • . ; -t.-'i ;.."•*}" (
<D 1 fifl 100 pairs NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, new patterns, on sale ,(
tpI.UU at $i. ■ . .<
<IM £fi 150 pairs Nottingham LACE CURTAINS. 6 different styles, on sale (
<pI.OU at $1 50.
S3 00 75 pal IRISH POINi CURTAINS on sale at $3. (
O»4 en 50 pairs Irish POINT CURTAINS, handsome styles, on sale at $4 50. (
i
See Chronicle and Examiner for Other Bargains. j
========= (
Uif Murphy Building-, Jr if - : Murphy Bulldlnfir. -# (
•Market ani Jones Streets, Market an 4 Jones Streets. i!
erne Blavatsky cried 'stop. Ta *'"f
the lady's hand in her own. she c osed
her fingers over the ring, and held them
there for a minute or so.
"Then the ring was removed, and we
discovered the reason for this strange
action. Before it had been a plain goici
ring, but "now it had three beautiful
little diamonds set in it. marking the
three points of an obtuse triangle. You
can see the diamonds for yourseir.
added the colonel, as he held up the
ring for further inspection.
After getting my money and pass
ports you may be sure I lost no time
in getting out of the country. I ar
rived here completely broken down In
health. J. F. ROSE-SOLET.
j^OVEL "SGRUBBI^Q" SERVICE.
A novel church service is announced
to *>c held at St. Laurence's Church.
Birmingham, says the London Daily-
Mail. On Sunday last the vicar. Rev.
T. J. Bass, Invited the congregation to
take part in a "scrubbing service,"
which would be held in the church next
day, beginning at half-past 3 and last
ing until half-past 9.
Soap, water and patent scrubbers
would, he said, be provided, and all the
congregation, male and female, were
eligible to lend a hand in cleaning tha
church.
The church has had a curious his*
tory, and has been blessed with a cu
rious collection of vicars. Some eight
or ten years ago the parish, which is
the most poverty-stricken in all Bir
mingham, was controlled by the Rev.
J. F. M. Whish, and he, finding the ser
vices languishing from lack of wor
shipers, hit upon all sorts of queer ex
pedients for compelling them to coma
in.
He announced the most flaming 1 se
ries of .discourses ever given publicity
to by handbill and poster. "Pigeon
Flying," "A Good Day on the Course"
and kindred topics were dealt with in
stead of orthodox Scriptural topics.
Thousands of printed cards were cir
culated each week, bearing such affec
tionate inscriptions as:
"Come and hear your old pal, the
Rev. J. F. M. Whish."
"Now, then, buck up! Give your old
pal Whish another trial."
Other cards would contain an exhor
tation signed:
"I remain, your true pal, J. F. M.
Whish."
This original vicar would go into
public houses during the dinner hour,
and, addressing the company, would
say:
"Well, gentlemen, you have given my
friend, the landlord, a good turn; now
finish up at my little place on the other
side of the road."
Special services were held — one week
for pigeon flyers, another week for
sweeps and a third for sandwich men.
Mr. Whieh"s successor was as de
voted and faithful a vicar as his pred
ecessor, but lacked Mr. Whish"s hu
mor and discretion. He gave so har
rowing a description of the denizens of
the courts and alleys of the parish to
a local journalist that those whom he
freely described as hawkers, rogues
and loose women resented his descrip
tion of them by breaking his windows.
Now a washing service is announced,
and doubtless the interior of the
church warrants the appeal made for
the services of an army of cleaners.
■ » ■» — — , . .■■
SNEEZING SCENE.
Alice — Fred told me last night he
loved me.
Dolly— Just what he told me six
months ago. It's impossible for him to
be original, isn't it?— Philadelphia
North American.A PLAID VELVET FOR SPRING.
WHETHER she is a trim. '
tailor-made young person or
a fluffy girl partial to frills
and furbelows, great and
unchanging is her admira
tion for the shirt waist and j
the separate bodice. She may favor the
Princess gown, which promises to be the
vogue this spring; she may have cos
tumes in plenty with skirts and waists
to match; but. nevertheless, her collec
tion of odd and separate waists knows no
diminishing. That is, of course, if she
With a correct number of well-selected
tie waists ami two fashionably cut
tkirts, the ingenious woman can boast a
wardrobe fit for almost every time and
place.
If possible, her collection of waists
should number at least a half-dozen. She
will need two shirt waists for morning
wear, a gay 5..~ waist for many occa
sions, a theater waist, one for dinners,
and a k>\v-<ut evening bodice. If, how
ever, it Is impossible for her to own such
a collection, she may accomplish wonders
with two waists, changing them con
stantly by nuaiis of lace and ribbbon
collars and the many other dainty acces
sories of dress which to-day are so in
valuable because of their transforming
I • iwc-rs.
Never before have the shops shown
STRANGE MARRIAGE
CUSTOMS.
MARRIAGE is a solemn subject,
of course. But it isn't half so
f=n^mn in an Anjrlo-Saxon coun
try, where the parties to the
match have an opportunity for
: .-hioned courtship.
The Chinese have an elaborate wed
dlnc--Ceremonial. It begins with pres
ents and the reports of astrologers.
The parents then correspond. The girl's
f«>- r offers his "ugly and ill-favored
—for such is Oriental etiquette.
The father of the boy, not to be out-
In politeness, describes his son as
■ slothful, indigent and weak in intel
lect." The bride's procession, for which
even a mandarin must make way, goes
t'i the bridegroom's house and is car
ried over the threshold.
Japanese politeness is like the Chi
nese; female subjection is the same,
but the national good humor makes it
more toierable. There is a beautiful
symbolism in the lighting of the
torches, when the bride's and bride
groom's lights are permitted to mingle.
In the room where the ceremonial
sake is drunk there is a dwarf fir tree,
a plum tree in blossom, symbolizing the
woman's beauty; a tortoise, signifying
longevity, and a crane.
The Persian wedding includes a
torchlight procession of the bridegroom
and his friends to the bride's house,
where the groom and his companions se
cure her and then return to the beating
of drums. An Arab wedding lasts seven
days. The husband sees his wife's face
after the ceremony is over. It is then
proper for him to cry out in delight at
Its loveliness, and then, as in the Bible,
'the friend of the bridegroom, who
standeth and heareth him, rejoicing
greatly because of the bridegroom's
voice" — the people outside the tent
raise' an answering cry. In Turkey the
bride stands behind a screen during a
•part of the ceremony, and is first seen
at its conclusion. A Moorish wedding
ys also a seven days' affair.
Th6"re is a clever custom sometimes
followed in Persia. A crowd of young
men rush into the feasting crowd, cap
ture the guests and shut them up in a
dark room. They pay ransom to get
out and the money is added to the
bride's dowry — sometimes like our wed
ding present nuisance.
"Marriage by capture" is symbolized
In ceremonies all the world over, except
in such places Avhere it is still the
habit to secure a wife by knocking her
down first, as the Australian docs with
his "waddy" or his "nulla-nulla." The
chinaman, if the parents of his in
tended are obstinatf. carries her off;
the Abyssinian carries his wife round
her own house or to his own, and the
Kabyle carries his bride across the
threshold, as do also the Chinese and
the Swiss in some parts.
The Druses have a sham fight, in
•which the bride's party drive the bride
groom's into his own village , and in
Fome Arab tribes like the Aenezes the
bride runs from tent to tent before she
Is caught. Crossing the threshold was
ami is the most critical period of the
wadding day with all races, not even
exciting the Anglo-Saxon. The lift
ing of the bride over the threshold or
her stepping across it is the signal in
Persia, Arabia and among the Kopts
of Egypt for the sacrifice of a goat or
a sheep. Among the Aenezes the bride
groom kills a lamb in front of his
father-in-law's tent, and the ceremony,
but for the running of the bride from
one tent to another, is complete.
Among the Zezidi, a sect of Kurds in
the eastern highlands of Asia Minor,
we are told that the bridegroom, when
pronouncing the marriage oath, stands
t running water, so as to wash away
c binding nature of his promise. The
lerokee bridegroom, after making the
usual presents, takes the maiden to a
small stream, where the two join hands
over the running water.
The Macedonian's wedding cake, a
most important feature of these Greek
■weddings, is placed over a bowl of
jvater and danced around.
such a bewildering array of separate
waists a? this year. They vary from the
severe shirt waists of flannel, velveteen
STORY OF A MAN WHO BECAME A BUDDHIST PRIEST.
IN one of San Francisco's quaint
commercial houses is a. Japanese
who has just laid aside the covet
ed privilege of wearing the
purple robe of the Buddhist
priesthood in a quiet life to take
up the exciting cares of a business
career.
Nasayoshi Ota was initiated into the
full mysteries of Buddha when a
young man and was given the purple
robe at 21. Inclination for an active
commercial life as well as for foreign
travel led him to renounce the object
of many years of patient mental labor.
"The Buddhists in Japan," he be
gan in recounting his experiences in
the priesthood, "are divided into eight
sects, named respectively the Tendai,
Shingan, Jiyado, Hoke, Shinsin, Rin
zai, Obaku and Sato. The three last
are branches of the great Zen sect,
which is one of the strictest and most
exclusive in the empire. It is a sect
founded and patronized by noblemen
and swordsmen, all of whom are ac
credited with being persons of a high
order of intelligence as well as of un
doubted bravery.
"This sect alone has founded and
supports 33,000 temples.
-We begin our novitiate as priests in
childhood, usually when but seven or
eight years of age. Many of these
boys are adopted by the elder pnesta.
who stand high in power and choose
these children to follow their own vo
cation because of their being orphans
or because they display mental supe
riority or physical perfection. Popular
priests are often urged by parents to
take their sons in charge.
"Adoption into the priesthood means
a cutting off from all blood relations
during the period of the man's natural
life and the young novitiate is taught
to think with indifference and scorn
of home and its ties; to deny that love
for father, mother, sister or brother
is a degree greater than his love for
all humanity.
•• 'You are not worthy to be a priest:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
NEW SHIRT WAISTS
FOR SPRING WEAR
or silk to the elaborate bodice fit for the
most festive of occasions. . '•
The shirt waists strongly resemble i
those worn throughout the summer. To '
■wear beneath a coat nothing is more con- '
venient than the shirt waist of soft ■
French flannel. These can be bought >
ready-made in a variety of patterns. The
fashionable flannels used for this purpose |
are scattered with polka dots, covered
with stripes or in dainty plaid or checked ;
designs. The plaid velvet shirt waist is
high in favor. Many of the plaids are
somewhat startling in their color com
binations, arid yet when worn with dark
cloth skirt they look most effective. The
peau de soie waist comes in all the new
colors and is made after the conventional
pattern.
All the new shirt waists will not be
blouse. There will be tight-fitting ones,
though it must be conceded that even
these will blouse a little in front. The
sides and back will be tight-fitting with a
little fall over the belt.
The fancy appearance in many is due to
the treatment of the waist after it is on.
Very fancy collarettes are worn; there is '
a deep yoke of lace put on over the waist,
and the broadest girdles are used.
These collars, pykes and girdles are
purchased separately and either sewed
upon the sjiirt waist or hooked in place.
To understand this perfectly it is only
necessary to describe four little shirt
: waists that have attracted much atten
! tion. One Is of rose sIIk. over which is
■ worn a bolero of shaded rose velvet edged
with black Jet. Around the throat is
hooked a frill of the rose silk.
The second is of seeded velvet, with the
seeds composed of tiny beads of different
hues. It has a pointed girdle of black
velvet, which gives the waist a very
slender appearance.
The third is of dotted chiffon over a
taffeta lining of greenian hue. The yoke I
is trimmed with bands of green ribbon
and the sleeves are frilled with green
chiffon ruchings. A green ribbon is tied
around the neck.
The fourth one is a black satin waist j
with a heavy deep basque, into which is i
set panels of white satin, making a fan |
effect. The same design is carried out in !
the sleeve puffs. An immense fichu of
\ white chiffon is worn with this waist,
hanging almost to the waist line. The
i fichu is embroidered in black silk. This
' waist is for half mourning.
These shirt waists are araong the more
elaborate ones, but there are others just j
j as pretty and much more serviceable
which cost a great deal less.
In making a striped silk waist the ;
I stripes run up and down the waist and |
; round nnd round the sleeves. No other
I way produces graceful results. This must
i be observed in all fabrics, whether cam
! brics, silks or velvets.
The velvet shirt waist is so dressy,
comfortable and becoming that it will
rage throughout the spring. But it is too
' hot for summer wear. It is generally !
lined with a very thin lining material on j
account of its tendency to "crock off."
The regular summer shirt waist will be
lof wash material made with trimmed
! sleeves and small shoulder puffs. The I
!- puffs will be ruffled or trimmed with lace j
and set with insertion. They can hardly I
be too fussy. The absolutely plain ones I
; will only be seen where the goods have
: an elaborate pattern in the material.
French gingham makes up into the
i neatest of shirt waists because it is so
' dainty and can be treated so effectively.
YOUR CHOICE IN NEW SHIRT WAISTS FOR SPRING WEAR.
you are only a baby pining for home,'
is the scornful remark which greets
those children who yield to homesick
ness.
"On entering the temple the head is
shaven and the black robe donned,
when the novitiates become the princi
pal of a ceremony similar to a burial
service, after which they are consid
ered virtually dead to the world.
' "Their training is then begun by
carefully instructing them to appre
ciate the beauties and advantages of
self-denial and self-reliance, also to
exercise fully their reasoning powers
and to observe perfect cleanliness in
person and surroundings.
"In exercising the requirement to
deny themselves ease, they must rise
before dawn, and their first task is to
assist in preparing the simple morning
meal, which consists of vegetables and
rice. Water alone is drunk, the use of
tea and coffee being forbidden and milk
abhorred by them. During the re
mainder of the day they work in the
rice fields or garden, which are at
tached to every temple. The evening
after their day of labor is begun by a
season of study. At 8 o'clock they are
interrupted by commands to indulge in
a period of meditation, which lasts for
fully an hour.
"Throughout the evening there are
alternate periods of study and medita
tion, the length of the latter following
the first hour determined by the burn
ing of incense tapers. One of these is
lighted and after an inch or so is con
sumed the students arise and walk
briskly about the room In regular file
for several minutes, and again seat
themselves, when an attendant carry
ing an oaken staff, which is rounded
upon one side and flattened upon the
other, approaching each one in turn,
administers three blow%. upon the
shoulder.
"The first blow is but a slight tap, the
second noticeably harder, and the third
is laid on by the chastiser with gener
ous vigor; all of which is to remind the
student that he has utterly and forever
renounced unalloyed ease.
"Their books are no ~>ly studied but
committed to memory, and there are
few of the adults who do not know the
Bible by heart.
"When the young priest has reached
the ace of 15 he begins to teach others,
It comes with silk stripes and In lace I
=tripes- and so can be used over a col
ored lining. With an underslip, or corset
cover, of pink taffeta a young woman
can make a very smart appearance in a
shirt waist of lace-striped French ging
ham with a yoke of Irish point lace and
a satin girdle. Almost fine enough for
a party gown, such a waist is. With a
black canvas skirt it is particularly ef
fective: with a pink taffeta one is abso
lutely dressy.
WARDROBE OF THE
WORKINGWOMAN
GIVEN a woman making $12 a
week, that is v 624 a year, to
dress with $100 is quite sufficient,
and as much as she has a right to
spend on dress in proportion to the en
tire amount received.
She can live decently and have a bit
for a rainy day as well.
Well dressed means first of all ap
propriately dressed. For the working
woman to use the several styles
adopted by men and yet not be mas
culine is to my mind to be appropri
ately, neatly, prettily and economi
cally dressed for down-town work. To
do it on $100 a year requires planning
and care.
Here are some suggestions for a list
of things to last one year: one tailor
dress $50, four shirt waists $2, one silk
waist $5, two pairs of shoes $8, three
pairs of gloves $5, underwear $7, um
brella $3, rubbers 50 cents, hats $5,
wrapper $1; total $92 50.
This leaves $T 50 for accidents.
Many a woman whose husband makes
a very good living dresses on less, but
she can hang her clothing away in the
closet to rest, which makes them last
much longer.
First the dress — Choose an all-wool
"covert" finish; twill wears shiny and
rough cloth catches the dirt. For color
select an unobtrusive shade so you will
not quickly be tired of it. Have every
thing in one color; do not get a blue hat
and a brown dress. Have a small oil
stove and flat iron and ironing board
in your room ami use them, for the
dress to last a year must be sponged
and pressed and at least once rebound.
A good tailor will make a dress, fur
nishing everything, for $50. If he Is
a man to be trusted let him furnish
what he likes, but you would do well to
select every separate item yourself, for
very much depends upon the lining
how a dress is to wear. Never, under
any circumstances, have silk lining. Tt
does not wear well and" is a luxury be
yond the reach of a working woman.
This year the skirting is made separate
from the skirt itself. On the under side
three flounces may be used, doing
away with the under petticoat. If
these ruffles are made of the pretty
mc^airs whirh are so much used now
th j will wear well, keep clean and
look very nice indeed. I like these
and at 20 he is allowed to start upon a
pilerimage to other temples. At each
of these temples he may remain for
one year, and may, at discretion, pro
long his visit even to three years^read
ing the rare volumes which such tem
ples contain as well as gleaning all pos
sible knowledge from the exnerience of
older devotees. Such pilgrimages fre
quently last from ten to firteen years
before the priest returns to his former
home and to the honors which it is cus
tomary to bestow upon him. None,
however, return until fully satisfied
that there is nothing more pertaining
to their priestcraft which can be
learned.
"Among the Buddhists, intellectual
attainments alone give precedence,
and by displaying superior wisdom
any priest may rise from the lowest to
preside over the highest organization
or temple. The .ascendency of the
priests to knowledge and influence is
marked at each step by a change in the
color and texture of their robes. The
first garment worn by the student is
one of unrelieved black. Their next
advance in knowledge is declared to
the initiated by linings of colored silk
showing in their wide sleeves; after
their pilgrimage is completed they ap
pear in red, and when their first great
wisdom has attracted universal at
tention, the privilege of. wearing pur
ple is granted by the Emperor.
"The last step which proclaims them
high in authority and of great learn
ing is marked by the ordeal of a secret
ceremony which lasts for 100 days. Af
ter this ceremony they are spoken of
as most holy and are privileged to wear
any color which may suit their fancy.
"It may be said that the position of
the priest is the only possession which
he can call his own during life, and the
presiding priests name their successor
in a will which is seal d in the pres
ence of witnesses with impressive cere
monies. It is then laid away with
valued documents of the temple.
"The Buddhist temples are supported
both by endowments and donations:
the latter are principally given by sons
in memory of a father, whose name is
inscribed upon a tablet within the tem
ple, and before which the sons fre
quently prostrate themselves, never
failing to endow the temple with a gen
ruffles because they protect the lining
of the skirt, are lighter than the pet
ticoat and have a very good effect.
Be daring, and have the sleeves made
almost tight, for tight sleeves are a
matter of the very near future — tight
sleeves and, alas! trimmed skirts. If
trimming is desired on the skirt, braid
is all that is appropriate on a tailor
suit.
Have the coat made long half way
to the knee, and lined with good, heavy
silk.
For everyday use shirt waists are the
best and most economical. Get a But
terick pattern and make them yourself,
for the ready-made ones will have no
style unless you pay $4 or $5, and you
can make them just as well for 50 or 80
cents. •
If you are slender, use the blouse
effect; but if you are not, make the
waist in the ordinary way and by pull
ing the front out a bit after it is on you
can reach quite enough of the blouse
to be becoming.
This year the sleeves are very scant,
and the body of the waist is also not
full. The cuffs should be made on the
waist for economy 1n laundry, but sep
arate collars keep it fresh. The collar
is not to be turned but quite on the
clerical cut. The tie should be either
very narrow or else very wide. Mull
and ribbon finishings at the neck in
place of collar and tie may be used.
Of material for waists there is such a
variety the monotony of wearing one
dress is quite overcome.
A light waist, the right color, will
keep fresh quite as long as a dark one,
which, though not soiled, gets crushed
and looks soiled.
Select distinct patterns if you want to
look young. Do not select nondescript
shades.
The new Chinese crepe wears very
well, indeed, and is only 20 cents a yard,
and neither shrinks nor fa^des. The pat
terns are very pretty, and quite the
thing.
Gingham avoid. It shrinks and fades
unless of the very best, at about 75
cents, which is too much. Brown linen
is very good but not often becoming,
and linen musses easily.
For the best for the least money, I
would choose a percale at, say, 10 to 25
cents.
Very much depends upon how a waist
is put on. At the center of the back
sew a piece of cotton belting. Tack the
erous gift upon each anniversary of the
parent's death.
"Religion with the Buddhist is a
changeless heritage, a family belong
ing to one sect for generations with no
thought of departure from the belief of
their fathers, and this constancy of
faith insures a fixed income to each
temple.
"Among the sects there are both mar
ried priests and celibates. The married
priests live more pretentiously than the
latter and, in fact, the presiding priest
of a temple devoted to the sect of bene
dicts revels in much the same pomp
which feudal lords anciently enjoyed,
while his celibate brother renounces
both pomp and power and contents
himself with the plainest fare. About
the temple in which a married priest
and family reside are to be seen the
huts of numerous dependents, whom
he oppresses at will and by whom he is
served with the greatest humility and
faithfulness.
"The married and the unmarried
priests also differ in an essential part
of their belief, the former mamtain
ine the supremacy of God and the lat
ter believing only in the power of rea
" Among those Buddhists there was
once a famous priest named Gasson,
whose numerous experiences and ad
ventures they are fond of relating in
laudation of the extreme disregard for
efwhch exists among them The fol
lowing is one of these oft-told adven
tures- As Gasson went about doing
eood 'teaching and traveling by night
as well as by day, he once encountered
a notorious band of desperadoes, ten in
number, who had marked the route he
had taken and were lying in wait to
rob him As the ten sprang upon him,
maklne'a demand that he give up his
Snifngs he calmly replied. 'I will
cfve you all,' and handed them the
food he carried, together with the last
remnant of his clothing, which they
did not scruple to accept; they, how
ever allowed him to retain the wallet
depending from his neck, and which
only a priest may bear.
"He resumed his journey, and he had
traveled nearly two miles from the spot
of the robbery when he made the dis
covery that the wallet contained a
golden em, a coin whose value is per
STRIPED SHIRT WAIST OF CHINA SILK.
back into place and stitch it, but leave
the front loose. Keep the waist secure
ly in place with an under belt of white
cotton, fastened with, an ordinary tail
or's buckle, and slipped under the piece
you sewed on the back. Arrange the
fullness to suit your figure, and by
changing it each day it does not lie
in flat creases. Your waist will last
much longer made loose in this way.
Close the front with buttons as large
as a quarter, pulling them in with
rings as a /nan does in his white vests.
For a hat a good sailor in -summer,
haps $50, and which was carried by him
in trust for the temple to relieve the
sufferings of the poor. Mindful of his
promise to yield all to the robbers, he
at once retraced his steps, and hand
ing the coin to the leader of the des
peradoes, remarked, 'This I had forgot
ten, but now give to you.'
"Impressed by his great honesty the
robbers saw the extent of their own
guilt, and begged him to teach them
the secret of such nobility of charac
ter. At once Gasson began to enlight
en them, and succeeded in converting
them to his belief; his work proved to
be permanent, and they In turn became
priests of much power, as zealous in
the cause of their new faith as they
had formerly been in crime, and be
came known as the ten holy ones.
"Among the attainments of the
Buddhist priests none stand higher
than that of writing poems, and an
ambitious priest has been known to
write as many as one hundred in a
single night.
"They have a story of the beggar
priest, scoffed at for his rags by the
world-tainted inmates of a temple at
which he once halted, and who asked
him jeeringly if he was skilled in writ
ing. For reply he begged the use of
one of their pens, and with great hu
mility asked permision to seat himself,
when he began to improvise poems of
such wonderful strength and beauty
that the scoffers bowed before him in
humility, illustrating their consistency
In the belief of their class that suprem
acy of Intellect is far above worldly
gains."
The Japanese fix the epoch of Arddha
Chiddi, or Gotama ("he who kills the
senses"), the founder of Buddhism, at
1000 years before Christ. The funda
mental principle of his system of reli
gion is that there is a supreme power
but not a Supreme Being. Inquiries
into first causes are rejected as being
unphilosophical, and believers also
claim that phenomena alone can be
dealt with by our finite minds. They
deny the immediate interposition of
providence, and maintain that the sys
tem of nature, once arisen, must pro
ceed irresistibly according to the lawg
which brought It into being, and that
the universe Is merely a gigantic en
gine.
and for winter a "rainy-weather" soft*
ened by wings or cocks' plumes. Get
a good sailor, costing at least $5, and
it will do duty for three summers. A
hatter will reblock, clean and put on a
new band for 50 cents, and you have a
practically new hat. A black velvet
band is very pretty and sure to be be
coming.
In shoes get two pairs at a time — good
ones — of plain leather, and change them
often.
Two shirt waists a week ought to be
quite enough. Wear one one day and
the other the next, laying them in a
drawer in the meantime, and they will
keep clean as long as three more the
usual way.
Have your belts and ties and skirt
harmonize. The Oriental buckles in
enamel do very good service; are odd
and pretty. Let the metal belts alone;
they are a delusion; they scratch the
furniture and wear out the lining of
your coat.
You can get a good silk waist for $5
if you make it yourself, which you
ought to do.
One item in being well dressed,
whether you spend much or little, is a
needle and thread, for a stitch in time
not only saves nine, but better still,
keeps a frock fresh and neat. H. G.
A BEANSTALK BOY'S
EXPERIENCE
IN Watowan County, Minn., Is a
youth who is prepared to play the
part of the beanstalk in any realis
tic production of Jack and the Bean
stalk that may he put on the stage.
He is now 6 feet 10 inches high, and
he keeps ascending at the rate of half
an inch a month.
At Madelia, his home, he is known as
James Mclndoo, but colloquially he is
spoken of as "Our Rising Young Man.
He will be 19 years old next July. Up
to the time he was 15 he was of ordi
nary height and bulk. Now he is a
mammoth, weighing 310 pounds. Dur
ing these four years he has accumu
lated 153 pounds, and has shot up twen
ty-four inches.
His feet are three inches more than
a foot in length and of remarkable
breadth. He wears a No. 24 shoe. It
takes a calfskin of pretty large size to
make them, and there are no "leavings'
worth speaking of when the cobbler geta
through. He wears a No. 8 hat, al
though his head seems disproportion
ately small for a chap of such gigatn
tic frame. His hands are like hams.
One blow of one of them smashes an
ordinary kitchen table to toothpick
splinters.
The boy is very powerful, and more
than once he has supported the body
of a heavy farm cart when a wheel has
been taken off to grease the axle, by
just bracing his hands on his knees and
holding the axle on his shoulder. When
he was 16 he lifted 1100 pounds, and he
laughs when visitors ' tell about the
strength tests of the strong men of
Harvard and Yale.
One playful exercise he likes is to
swing buckets full of water, one in each
hand like an Indian club swinger.
Horseshoes he twists up like hairpins.
In a test the other day he spanned with
one hand thirteen and three-fourths
inches. Taking hold of a tree with one
hand he can hold a team of horses with
the other and make them rear up on
their hind legs at the word "Go I" while
he refuses to budge one inch under the
strain.
He is in perfect health and as jolly
and good-natured as can be. He eats
more than a 1500-pound ox. Whenever
he wants a drink of water he takes up
a gallon pail and drains every drop
from it. He has no particular appetite
for anything stronger, so his capacity
for cider, brandy and soda and Man
hattan cocktails cannot be estimated,
but he has been known to sit down on
a bench and eat a ten-pound basketful
of grapes and asl. for more. Recently
he ate twenty-three large apples for
dessert, saying he wasn't hungry befora
he sat down.
He is pretty well formed, and, except
for his height, does not look abnormally
large. His intellect is n*ot as gigantic
as his stature, but he is nobody's fool.
He has a good head for mechanics. Ha
can take a clock to pieces, or a watch,
clean it and repair it and put it togeth
er again so that it will "keep time."
This has endeared him to his country
mates, and they often come to Jimmy
Mclndoo to have this or that thing
"tinkered up," and the boy always
obliges when he can. His very good
nature has made him sometimes the
butt of practical jokes. Sometimes he
Is able to turn the laugh on the perpe
trators, and this tickles him immensely.
One day a couple of farm hands
thought it would be funny to confine
Jimmy in the corn crib. They wedged
the door shut and put a couple of logs,
backed by a biff rock, in front of the
structure. As soon as Jimmy perceived
his fix he tramped over the corn cobs,
and, bracing himself against two joists,
calmly lifted the roof off the crib and
crawled out. Then for revenge he took
the farm hands by the nape of the neck
and marched them off to the watering
trough and ducked them simultaneoua
»lv till they yelled for mercy.28
CALIFORNIA SCHOOLS
AND THEIR TEACHERS.
LAST Saturday morning the rooms
of the San Francisco Teachers'
Club were crowded with teachers,
who came from all parts of the
city to listen to the lecture of Pro
fessor E. H. Griggs of Stanford
on the subject of Dante's "Terrestrial
Paradise."
With his usual magnetism and clear,
forcible manner of presenting a theme,
Professor Griggs held the keen attention
of his audience for an hour and a half
while he discussed the difference between
medieval ami modern thought, Dan
te's theories of life, as expressed in the
"I'.irailise," and tfte lessons of our own
meditation and guidance which we may
draw from the latter. A few thoughts
are gathered here and there from the ad
dress, which was full of thought and feel
ing.
"At the beginning of canto 27 we find
Dante and Virgil emerging from the last
part of the Purgatorio into the first heav
en, which is the Terrestrial Paradise.
Each must pass through a circle of fire
to gain this paradise at the top of a
mountain, which was pushed up through
Purgatory- This is typical of the emerg
ence from sin through the fires of purifi
cation. It does not matter much to the
universe whether we are good or
evil, but It is of life and death importance
to ourselves.
"When ascending the mountain toward
the good is as natural and spontaneous as
going down hill, we can then be sure that
we are approaching the image and like
ness of God. Then actions which are help
ful to ourselves and others become pleas
PROFESSOR GR IGGS OF. STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Last Thursday King Solomon Chapter
initiated three candidates, and after the
ceremony all present were Invited to a
violet collation.
Next Thursday night Golden Gate
Chapter will be visited by District Deputy
Mrs. Savage of Livermore.
Carita Chapter of Alameda will have
a district meeting on the 14th of April,
and the sumo night will give an anni
versary party.
Most Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Mary
E. Partridge will leave in May on her an
nual tour •■ i visitations. She will go Jirst
to Minnesota, then to North Dakota,
South Dakota, Nebraska and continue on
East, and be absent at least six months.
The children's Bight in Oak Leaf Chap
ter last Thursday was a delightful affair.
A feature of the evening was a procession
of at (east 10t> little ones, ranging from 5
to 15 yt-ars. led by Miss Daniels. After
presenting s=om<_- pretty floor work, they, at
v given signal, formed into a grand five
pointed .star. During tile evening tht-re
was a conation and icecream for the little
ones, the invited guests and the members.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The relief committee will pay a frater
nal visit to Pacific Lodge on the 24th
mot.
Canton San Jose, Patriarchs Militant,
was visited last week by Colonel H. O.
Brower of the Second Regiment, and on
that occasion two candidates were mus
tered in. There was a. spread after the
work.
Quite a number of the lodges of the
Btate will celebrate the 26th of April in
grand style. At lone there will be a
grand parade and literary exercises, fol
lowed by a ball. W. H. Barnes of this
city has been invited to deliver an ora
tion.
THE REBEKAHS.
The reception by Amity Lodge to the
relief committee, Oriental Lodge, Sunset
Lodye and Unity Encampment on the
evenir.g of the 6th inst. was a vury en
joyai.ie affair, as those given by the
genial members of Amity Lodge always
are. There was a very large attendance,
and, in addition to pertinent addresses
by Mrs. Mary li. Donoho, secretary of the
State Assembly; William Henry Barnes,
grand Bcribc; J... L. Kemy, president of
the relief conunittee, and others, songs
by Messrs. Igo, Burnes ami Barnes,
after which all present were invited into
an adjoining hall, where a committee,
composfd of a number of the many haml
tsome iudy members of t-he lodge, had set
out a toothsome collation on tables deco
rated in exquisite style.
There was given a grand literary and
social -entertainment in Memorial HaJl
last niglit by the Rebekahs of District No.
6, for the benefit of the Orphans' Home at
Gilroy. The home at Gilroy Is doing well.
There are twelve children there now, and
after the next meeting of the board there
■will be three more. During the past week
several unexpected contributions were
received by the secretary, Mrs. Donoho.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
The vacancy in the office of grand fore
man, caused by the death of A. F. Mac
kay of Los Angeles, has been filled by
the appointment of Judge George H.
Bahre, promoted from grand overseer.
Past Master Joy of Valley Lodge has
been appointed grand overseer, vice Bahrs
promoted.
Missouri, Nebraska, Kansas and Ken
tucky have adopted the classified plan of
assessments.
Last Friday night there was a prelim
urable. Just on the threshold of the Ter
restrial Paradise the sun sets and Dante
is forced to pause. The moment that our
light becomes din» and our path indis
tinct, we must wait for the daylight of
Truth to guide us on. This is Tuesday
evening, according to the reckoning that
Dante entered the Inferno on the night
of Good Friday and came out into Purga
tory on Easter morning. On the divine
side the stars that Dante now sees are
the symbols of God's light shining in the
world; on the human side they are the
eves of Beatrice.
"The medieval philosophy said, 'Man
may be virtuous, but God alone Is good."
To Dante man was only virtuous when
he struggled to become good; when there
was no longer any necessity for strug
gling, then he was good— which could not
be in this life. He symbolizes these Ideas
in the pictures of Rachel sitting in con
templation, and Leah, who, having ceased
her struggles, goes happily about gather
ing flowers for a garment.
"All through his life Dante was seek
ing peace, not merely negation but the
peace of truth, which passeth under
standing. Peace to him was rest in ac
tion, the harmony of his spirit with the
life of the universe. In order to feel
these things intensely, we must go back
to the middle ages and place ourselves
as much as possible in Dante's point of
view. To us there is something higher
than virtue and goodness; there is wis
dom and love. To know love, we must
love. To have wisdom, we must aspire
to the knowledge of truth. We
may impart to any one with ordinary
intellect tne principles of ethics which
have thus far been worked out, but to
teach the art of life is a different mat
ter.
"With most of us nine-tenths of life Is
the struggle to do right, but the highest
lnary meeting in the hall of Franklin
Lodge for the purpose of taking steps
for securing headquarters for the order
in this city, where all the lodges can meet
and where the office of the grand re
corder can be located. Temporary offi
cers were chosen and a committee con
sisting of Messrs. North, S. Hoffman and
Malioy was appointed to ascertain what
offers for headquarters can be obtained.
K. H. McPherson of Prosperity Lodge,
temporary secretary, was instructed to
notify all the local lodges of the meet
ing to be held on the 25th inst.
Excelsior Lodge will give an entertain
ment on the 17th in aid of its library
fund. William H. Jordan will lecture
on Cuba, Sam Booth will read ap origi
nal poem, and "William Henry Barnes will
orate.
Franklin Lodge at its meeting on Fri
day night rec -Ivod an application and
adopted resolutions of respect to the
memory of the late grand foreman, A. F.
Mackay.
Pacific drill team will confer the de
grees on a class of candidates for Hearts
of Oak Lodge on "Wednesday. On Tues
day next Prosperity's tram will confer
the degrees on candidates.
On Tuesday the grand master work
man will visit St. Helena Lodge, when
the Napa drill team will confer the de
grees on fifteen candidates, and on the
following night the same team will con
fer the degrees for Fortuna Ledge.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
The Grand Lodge will meet In B. B.
Hall, this city, on the 7th of April. Forty
lodges will be represented. Mrs. E. F.
Mayon will be the next grand chief ot
honor.
A new lodge has been instituted at Ful
lerton, Los Angeles County, and another
at Grass Valley, making the twenty-sixth
instituted since last May. A new lodge
will soon be instituted in this city.
The supreme chief of honor has issued
a circular letter in regard to the new
ritual and the securing of banners.
Ivy Lodge at its last stated meeting in
itiated two candidates, elected three ap
plicants, and received six application*
That night the lodge was visited by Su
perior Chief of Honor Mrs. Stewart.
COURT ACME'S BANQIET.
It is not often that any of the courts of
the American Order of Foresters has as
sembled at a more enjoyable banquet than
was the one given by Court Acme last
Tuesday at the St. Germain. It was the
first given by this court at which ladies
were invited, and there were fifty-eight
of them among the 170 who sat around
the festal board. The menu, an excellent
one, having been discussed, Jacob Label
acting as toastmaster offered a number
of toasts and called for songs. "Court
Acme" was responded to by Frank
Naughton, who, at the close of his re
marks, on behalf of the court presented
Past Chief Ranger Louis J. Moran • a
beautiful badge. Grand Secretary John
J. Cordy responded. to "The Order." "The
Older Members of , the Court' 1 was re
sponded to by James Kavanagh. Hugh
MtCabe, "The Orator of the Court,"
made a happy response to "Our Invited
Guests." Sol Piser responded to "The
Ladies." Mrs. Kate Bolian spoke to "The
Companions of the Forest," and a mem
ber of Court Sutro Heights responded to
"The Press." During the evening there
was instrumental music, also songs by
Marlowe and Johansen.
The event is one that will be a red-let
ter day in the history of the court, and
will long be remembered with pleasure
by all who were present. The committee
that had charge of the affair was com
posed of E. P. Donovan, Robert Rennil
son, J. H. Wickham, Albert Evers, J. F.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
is reached when duty Is transfigured into
love. We cannot live by duty alone, for
life would become cold and ugly, and
there would be left no room for the en
joyment of nature, art and the higher
pleasures. We must even at times,
be heroically Imprudent, else we miss
some of the best experiences of life."
FROM KERN COUNTY.
The Kern County high school building
at Bakersfield is considered by visiting
educators to be one of the best in the
State. It was completed in 1595 and oc
cupied in the fall or the same year. The
building alone cost $15,500, and is con
structed of stained brick which was es
pecially manufactured for it by the con c
tractor, F. W. Hickox. It is a two-story
building with a large commodious base
ment, in which are situated the chemical
and physical laboratories and the gym
nasium. There are four class rooms, an
assembly hall and offices. The sanitary
arrangements are modern in all respects.
The attendance, which for 1897-98 will
average about sixty-five, is increasing
with each succeeding year. A. B. Mar
tin, a graduate of the University of Mich
igan, is the present principal.
At the last Teachers' Institute in Kern
County a committee was appointed to at
tempt the organization of a popular read
ing course. The committee reported a
plan which was adopted and has since
proven highly successful. 1 .»e course Is
four years in length, and provides for
the reading sixteen books, making four
for each year. When a member has com
pleted a book, the committee gives him
a certificate indicating the same, provided
he has satisfied the committee by written
analysis that he has fairly mastered what
he has been reading. When any one has
completed the entire four years' course
he will be granted a diploma of gradua
tion. This system is similar to the Chau
tauqua course of reading. Its object is
good, and its success or failure the future
alone can determine. At present the city
of Bakersfield has a membership of about
fifty, who are doing good work.
Last week the Kern County Board of
Education held a special meeting to pre
pare questions for the spring examina
tions in the grammar schools. Those in
the seventh and eighth grades are con
ducted by the grammar school teachers,
but the examination for the greater por
tions of the county for admission to the
high school is held in the building of the
latter on the first Monday in June.
Kern County has this year sixty-one
districts and employs eighty-five teach
ers, all of whom are women with the ex
ception of seven. The mountain schools
are closed during the winter months.
W. C. DOUB.
Bakersfield, Cal.
* • •
INNOVATION IN COLUSA COUNTY.
One of the most interesting, novel and
progressive meetings ever held in the in
terest of the schools of California closed
here last week. Responsive to the call
of the County Superintendent. Mrs. H. L.
Wilson, the school trustees of this county
assembled and organized a Trustees" As
sociation for the better improvement of
our schools, selection of teachers and
proper appropriation of all school moneys.
State Superintendent Black was present,
also A. B. Coffey. and a number of other
well-known educators, to meet and wel
come the trustees, who came through the
rain and over the hill from distant locali
ties to aid the cause. Many important
questions were discussed, and the initial
meeting certainly marked the beginning
of a new and important era in the edu
cational resources of California, for other
counties will follow in this line. The pres
ident is Superintendent Wilson of Grand
Island, who is also an honorary memher
of the official board; the vice-presidents
are William M. Crillery and J. W. Goad.
and the secretary is Sheriff E. W. Jones.
W. K. DE JARNATTE.
Colusa, Cal.
* • •
SUPERINTEN-DET WEBSTER'S CIRCULAR.
Superintendent Webster has recently is
sued the following circulars to the San
Francisco School Department:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., March 1. I*9S.
To Principals and Teachers: Those of
you who were ftcqainted with Miss Kate
Macdonald, the lute vice-principal of the
Franklin Grammar School, are respect
fully Invited by the principal and teachers
of that school to meet with them in the
hall of the school on Tuesday afternoon.
Johnson, W. J. Spaulding and W. C.
Flynn.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Last Wednesday night San Francisco
Chapter had a meeting at which many
matters of Interest to the order were
brought ui> and discussed. One candidate
was initiated and several more promised.
Encouraging reports were made as to the
progress of the order in the East.
On Friday night this chapter save a
social to its friends in Shasta Hall, Na
tive Sons' building. There were more than
SOO persons present, and the entertain
ment that was furnished was a most en
joyable one. The programme -that was
presented under the direction of Dr. A. ">'.
Derby, J. J. Cullen and L. Hultschmidt.
the committee, included an explanation of
the order and its work, by Governor M.
I, Asher; selections on the zither by the
Eben Club: comic duo, Gavigan and
Davis; soprano solo. Miss W. A. Daggett;
barytone solo. Captain lianlon; recita
tion ?.!i^p K. Hermann; and comicalities
by Louis Huffschmidt. At the close of
the programme Supreme Deputy McGar
vie called Louis Tluffschmldt to the front
and told him that as trustee of the chap
ter the members had placed a great deal
of faith in him. but he had to announce
that charges had been preferred against
him, and that in order to combat the
charges, which would be presented by the
governor of the chapter. "M. L. Asher,
Judge Pierce had been chosen to defend
him. The trustee, surprised, looked
I around in vain for an explanation, and
! was only reassured when his counsel
I pledged his word to set him right. The
governor then informed him that he had
! been charged with having worked so hard
I for the chanter that it had been decided
' to show bow that work was appreciated,
| and then presented him a handsome em
' blematic locket suitably inscribed. His
counsel, in a witty speech, made response
for him. Then followed a dance and re
freshments.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Pacific Council has suffered a severe
lor* by the death of Samuel P>. Doane.
who was its secretary since the institu
tion of the council. This council, at its
last stated meeting, initiated one candi
date, and was entertained during the
evening by Professor Cyrus B. Newton.
Last Friday night the members of San
Francisco Cabinet initiated two candi
dates from Union Council and did the
work exceedingly well. The music was
rendered by the quartet of Golden Gate
Council. During the evening four appli
cations were received. After tne close of
business there was an adjournment to a
cafe where there was served up a fine
collation, and there was a programme
of song, story telling and addresses by
State Senator Field, President F. H.
Hastings of the cabinet, N. R. Arter of
I Golden Gate Council, Deputy J. N. Bunt-
I ing and many others. E. H. Forester of
Union Council acted as toastmaster.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Court Yerba Buena, at Its meeting last
Tuesday night, received the resignation of
Court Deputy Miller, who has been forced
to retire from the office on account of re
moval from the city. W. J. A very, senior
woodward, was elected to fill the va
cancy and by reason of this move the
junior' woodward was promoted to senior,
the senior beadle to junior woodward
and the junior to senior. A junior beadle
will be elected next Tuesday.
Court Golden Gate had an Interesting
meeting last Friday night, on which oc
casion there was conferred in its hall at
35 Eddy street the Oriental degree on six
teen members, the work being performed
in a most impressive style by the team
from Court Southern Heights. After the
ceremony there was a "high time up
stairs" and a good programme of song,
music and story telling was given under
the direction of G. W. Kuss, W. L. White
and R S. Presley, the committee on en
tertainment, .which also furnished a col
lation and cigars^
B'NE B'RITH.
There were about seventy-flve persons
present on the occasion of the farewell
banquet tendered by Columbia Lodge last
Monday night to Past President Eugene
Michaels, who is to leave for Africa.
Herman Friedlander, acting as toast mas
ter, introduced Past Grand President
Jacob Greenbaum, after the solids had
been disposed of, and he delivered an elo
quent address in which he expressed the
sentiments of .those present in wishing
the guest a pleasant journey to and pros
perity in the land in which he is to reside."
There were addresses by Past President
Wolff of Salt Lake, President Goldstein,
Vice-President Herzberg, Past Presidents
EDuertshausen, Machol, Bamberger, Add
March 8, to join In an appropriate memor
ial of the services rendered to the cause
of education by Miss Macdonald.
R. H. WEBSTER.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. March 3, 1893.
To Principals and Teachers: First-
Please remit to Deputy Superintendent C.
B. Stone the number of telephone, if any,
that may be in your school or in your
immediate vicinity.
Second— Teachers of the eighth and
ninth grades will please assemble In t&e
room of Vice-Principal L. M. Shuck.
Adams Cosmopolitan School, on Monday
afternoon, March 7, at 4 o'clock.
Third— l appreciate the fact that the
recent scarcity of State school registers
has compelled' teachers to resort to vari
ous devices for keeping those records that
should be contained in the register; but
now that the teachers can be supplied
with registers, I would respectfully direct
their attention to subdivision 5 of section
1696 of the Political Code: "Every teacher
in the public schools must keep a State
school register, in which shall be a re
port showing programme of recitations,
classification, the grading of all pupils
who have attended school at any time
durlngthe school year." The State school
register is a public document; all entries
in it shall be made in ink; it should in
no way be mutilated. Please observe the
directions for its use printed In Us pages.
Superintendent of Schools.
• * *
IN ALAMEDA COUNTY.
A number of the teachers of AJameda
have recently organized a society to be
known as the Alameda Teachers' Club.
The objects are to unite for mutual study
and improvement and to secure for Ala
meda good lecturers who will present
topics of progress and interest. These
lectures will be popular rather than spe
cial, and it is the intention of the club
TEACHING LANDSCAPE GARDENING
Edward Hyatt, Superintendent of
Schools in Riverside County, has issued
a circular containing a suggested lesson
for teachers of country schools. In a
note Superintendent Hyatt says that ho
received the idea from Mr. Rice, teacher
of the Hemet High School. The drawing
is by Kate Grey, ami illustrates a plan
for grounds at Belnr'nt. Mr. Hyatt's cir
cular is. in part, as fellows:
May I suggest ;i diversion for you ana
your" older children some Friday after
noon or some day when the regular les
sonn drag? It is this: *.o give an exer
cise on the planning of a school ground.
We can awaken their minds to the
fact that an intelligent Idea beforehand
is necessary for the results we all ad
mire and desire; and to the fact that it
is a pleasing thing t' l use our brains in
working available materials to the best
advantage in planning homes for our
selves or our schools. The future of our
country is wrapped up in these children
we toa'ch. Who taiowa what improve
ments, what symmetry in drives and
grounds, what beauty of tree and shrub
and flower may spring from this little
diversion?
If it be thought desirable to plan for a
home rather than for a school, well and
good Tho materials that the children
may use are: fences of all kinds, gravel,
to mjike them attractive to the public at
large as well as to the teachers. Occa
sionally a social meeting of the teachers
and their pupils will be held.
Officers- for the ensuing year were
elected as follows: President, Charles C.
Hughes: vice-president, John W. Young;
secretary, Lillian Roden; treasurer
Thomas Dickson. The executive board
consists of the foregoing officers, togeth
er with C. P. Nlelson, Miss Alice Cohen
and Mrs. Paris.
The first course of lectures is already
in progress. On the evening of March 4
Dr. Jordan gave an Illustrated lecture on
"The Fur Seal." « ; " March U Professor
W. H. Hudson apoke on "The Poetry- of
Tennyson," and for March 28 Dr. E. A.
Ross Will lecture on "Mob Mind and De
generation." This course will be given In
the First Unitarian Church, on Urand
street, Alnmeda. . .
\ few months ago Miss Stone, si
teacher of music in the Alameda schools.
Wolff, Waltheimcr. "tt'asch and others.
The last held meeting of < "smleiM
T f.rltre was on.- of the most enjoyable that
namber of seventy, and officers of the
erand lodge, adjourned to ■ the banquet
h^wheYe there was a spread in honor
of • o*. V.i Presidei* H^Gutstadt ;who is
•i memb-r of the lodge, got up as a
,k" n" '■ the iodge'B appreciation of his
nromotioi to the hi gh .office he now fills.
Pmt Grand President t. I- Wolfe .was
toa-t master and he proposed \a number
of senUments that were responded tc . by
tbefguest of the evening, 8.. H. Morns,
t T Aschheiin A. Jonas, i-j. 1 ausKj ,
Ri-v." Mr. Nleto, George Samuels and
°The committee. on intellectual improve
rrent will hold a meeting on ruesday
niKht next for the purpose of arranging
for an entertainment to be given- under
i! S The"e P is S k movement afoot to revive
the youth auxiliary, which for some time
past has not been as active as it ousht
-vfM bb oo e st flattering reports are being re
ceived from the four lodges in I ortlanU.
Or., Where the membership is rapidi>
increasing.
CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The open meeting and entertainment
that was given in Sacramento in Forest
ers' Hall last Wednesday evening was
one of the most successful affairs that
was ever given by the councils In the
Capital City. In the hall there .were at
least 700 people and more than 800 were
turned away as there was no place to ac
commodate them. There were present of
the grand officers Past Supreme^Coun
cilor Arnold, Grand Councilor Boehm,
Grand Vice-Councilor Hartley, Grand
Recorder Wallis, and F. H. Keefer, su
preme ' trustee. There was presented a
first class programme of recitation, song,
music and whistling, in which Miss J
El worthy. C. R. Stickney. Belle Stargel,
Mrs. Meise. Blanche Ficks. Minnie Shay
Pearl Baldwin. Mrs. M. Duh line. • Miss
Alinnie Cross. Mrs. Moeller, Mlss.-r. Re
ly and Mrs. Coppersmith took part. Ad
dYessea appropriate to the occasion were
delivered by C. M. Arnold, P. 5..C..-M.
Boehm, G. C, and S. C. \\ allis O. R. The
Srogramme was followed by a ca.cewalk
and a dance. The winners in he cake
walk were Arthur Carr and Lillie Lant
b Social Council gave another .of its popu
lar socials last Thursday night and there
was a good attendance that was delight
ed with the fine programme of song in
strumental music and fancy dancing that
was offered by Mesdames Baccus A. Ad
ams, Hilton. M. Garbarina t and Goodell.
and A. G. Baker and Mr. Stott, the com
mittee on entertainment, and in which
Miss Bryant, Miss Juliet Turpin . Mr and
Miss Kuse. Miss Henrietta WelngartJ.
C. Irvine, Mr. Cook, Miss C. Beer and a
friend of the council took , part , Th s
council , has discovered that sociability is
the proper means to attract attention to
it. After the : programme there was
dancing. ___, " ' _■' -'.
THE GRAND CHIEF COMPANION.
The grand chief companion of the
Companions of the Forest. F. O. A., vis
ited Stockton Circle last week, and while
the members were not as perfect in work
as they should be, they expressed a will
ingness to learn and they promised to do
all in their power to increase the mem
bership. The members of the circle were
profuse in their hospitality and after the
close of the meeting there was a grand
reception at the house pf Mrs. Meeker.
This was followed by a few hours of so
ciability and a supper, served at mid-
n The next visit was at Jamestown,
where the grand officer found Mother
Lode Circle perfect in the floor work
Sonora Circle at Scmora was next visit
ed and the members met in special ses
sion to receive the visitor and exemplify
the work, which was done in a very
creditable manner, by as agreeable and
courteous a set of officers as can be found
in any circle. After the work the mem
bers of Dardanelle Parlor N. D. G. W..
by invitation, visited the circle in a body,
and together with the grand chief com
panion were guests at an entertainment
and banquet. The following day the
grand officer was shown the mines in the
vicinity and well entertained.
During the past week Inter Nos Circle
had a pleasant meeting and initiated one
candidate, after which there was the
usual after meeting programme of en
tertainment for members and visitors.
San Francisco Circle will have initia
tion on the evening of the 24th when
three strangers will be added to the cir
° Pride of Columbia held a meeting on
Thursday night at which there were a
number of visitors. After the business
organized a Glee Club, whose members'
were children chosen " f ronT the various |
schools of the city, for the purpose of i
teaching the "pupils, to. 1 read music at
sight. These'club meetings are held for
one hour once a week after school, and :
so great is the Interest evinced by the
children that their work, at first simple,
now includes parts of oratorios. Many of ,
the children have fine voices, and a num
ber of them show decided talent in play-
Ing the cornet, mandolin - and ; violin.
! Last Thursday evening, at her home,
2051 San Jose avenue, Miss Stone enter
tained the members of the Glee Club,
their parents and friends and the mem
bers of the Board of Education. -
A paper on Mendelssohn was read, and
then followed an "Aye Maria," which was
a three-part song with soprano solo; Ru
binstein's "Wanderer's Night . Song"; ; a
pretty waltz song by. Reinecke, and a duo
arranged for boys' voices. A number of
other solos, trios and instrumental num
bers completed the programme, which
was a highly creditable performance.
• * »
EDUCATIONAL GLEANINGS.
If you make school children happy now
you will make them ' happy twenty years
hence by the memory of It. — Sydney
Smith. ,^:;-.
■• • •
Teachers are quasi public officers. They
are in the public service, carrying on the
public business* for the attainment of a
public end.— Dr. Draper.
• • ■■ * '
. Don't waste a thousand-dollar education
on a ten-dollar boy.— Dr. Jordan. " v- 1 :*!;
»• ' •
The results and methods of all the sci
ences and of 'all philosophy must be
brought to bear on child study.— T. P.
Bailey.: > • .
*.-*-**,_".*■ '. -.■■"»
There ia no school unless the father, the
cement, trees, Bhrubs, flowers, vines,
rock, brick, faucets, fountains, wells,
windmills, water troughs, etc., etc. Cau
tion them against attempting* to get in
too much, against making an impossible
jumble. Have no trees or plants allowed
that are not likely to thrive under your
conditions. Use materials that can be
readily obtained. Do not put out things
that will be readily destroyed or that will
not bear the vicissitudes of a school
ground existence. During the blackboard
exercises it will be well to talk over all
materials, so that the pupils may thought
fully consider them and try to adapt the
means to the end in view. Before at
tempting the lesson the teacher should
herself draw a plan. Put trees where
shade will come where you want it, and
give room for them to grow to large size.
Do not tire out the children by insisting
upon niceties of drawing or exactness of
scale so that they will not express their
own tastes and ideas freely and easily.
Your object Is to encourage each pupil to
form an idea of his own and to roughly
express it by diagram. Then you have a
noble opportunity to soften the barbari
ties, smooth the incongruities, enrich the
poverty of those ideas. Thus you lead
your flock to havo more ideas and better
ones than they otherwise would. Thus
you make your mark upon the future of
this our world.
mother, the teacher, the pupil, keep
school together.— J. M. Greenwood.
» • •
There is no such thing as a perfectly
trained teacher.— Superintendent Black.
• • •
The true vocation of a man is living. —
Professor Griggs.
» « •
Play fair, boys, whether you are little
boys or big boys! He who is always look
ing out tor Number One will never be cor
dially loved by Number Two and Number
Three.— C. A. S. Dwlght.
• • »
That which is noblest, sweetest, best in
child-life is evoked by sympathy, gentle
ness, patience. It is only as we enter into
closest relationship with the ohiM-heart
that we reach arid move that delicate, yet
mighty engine, the child's will.— Thomas
J. Morgan. •
• • •
The textbook maker crystallizes more
meeting- there was a short programme of
entertainment and dancing.
The social to be given by the convention
of '98 in Alcazar Social Hall lias been
fixed for the 2!>th inst., and for the In
terest that has I)cp:i taken in the af
fair it is the general opinion that it will
be a very successful affair.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Past Grand Sachem George T. Williams
<-t" New York, hi a letter dated March 1,
addressed to Past Grand Sachem Henry
A. Chase of this city, says:
'•The Red Men of New York are still
booming, and the Indications are. that the
increase during the quarter ending June
SO will he greater than it has ever been.
Within a week we shall have instituted
eighteen new tribes, each with an aver
age <>f seventy-five members. The o.d
tribes have ben adding to their member
ship. We calculate that the gain for the
term ending December Ul will be close
to 3000. What do you think of that?
The great sachem has just returned from
a trip during which iie visited at Buffalo,
Rochester, Niagara Falls, Fonda. Am
sterdam, Albany and Fishkill, and found
the tribes all at work and enthusiastic.
At every meeting the wigwams were
crowded to their utmost. lie feels that
his term promises to be a phenomenal
one, and we all wish him success. Am
glad to learn that the order is doing so
well in the Far West, and hope to live
to see the day when the Improved Order
of Red Men will be the strongest bene
ncial order in our land."
The new council instituted by Mrs. Fan
nie Lovie of Redwood City, G. P.; Mrs.
M. Klenk ef Srcramento. G. P. P.: Miss
Mabel Curtis of Oakland, G. P. P.; Airs.
E. J. Braze! of Sacramento. G. K. of R.;
Mrs. Annie E. Bishop of Alamoda, G. K.
of W.; Mrs. Sarah Wenthworth. P. P.,
and C. F. Burgman. G. C. of R., at Stock
ton, with thirty-three members, has been
named Hiawatha. The Pocahontas is
Mrs. Phoebe J. Brown, and Mrs. J. F.
Farnsworth is the keeper of records.
There were present at the institution
many members of the other councils and
of the tribes of
The great chief of records instituted a
new tribe last week at Quartz Mountain.
Of the seventy-five petitioners sixty-six
were present at the institution. The new
tribe is called Tuolumne. uosepn Tra
velli is the sachem and W. X, Martin
chief of records. The event was one that
will be lonpr and pleasantly remembered
by all who were present.
Last Thursday a committee of three
from each local tribe met in Sachem Hall
and witnessed the exemplification of the
new degree work, which is intensely dra
matic.
Modoc Tribe gave an interesting smoker
last Thursday night.
The Insignia for March is a very inter
esting number, showing a careful ar
rangement of much interesting matter,
which every member of the order should
know about. It has timely editorials and
many good pictures.
THE NATIVE SONS.
San Francisco Parlor has elected the
following named as delegates to the
Grand Parlor to be held in Nevada City
on the 23th of April: Charles R. Heverln,
Louis P. Powelson and Frank Marlnl.
Frank B. Ryan, for twenty terms sec
retary of California Parlor, and who re
signed to go to the Klondike, in a letter
from Fort Wrangel to Assistant Grand
Secretary Jamison, writes that he and
his party were all In good health and
spirits, and that they did not notice the
cold to any extent.
As a progressive parlor Stockton No. 7
has no superior. It has 264 members and
$11,557 in its treasury. C. E. Manthey is
president and A. J. Turner secretary.
Grand inside sentinel appeared In this
city for the first time last week since
he entered the Benedict class. He was
met by his brother and grand officers,
who tendered him the freedom of the city,
but he did not care to wander from his
own fireside.
El Dorado Parlor was visited last
Thursday night by Grand Trustee Con
ley, Grand Secretary Lunstedt and other
grand officers, and after an exemplifica
tion of the work and the election of L.
B. Mayer, J. G. Jolly and W. J. Hawkins
as delegates to the grand parlor, there
was a pleasant entertainment.
On the 4th inst.. Piedmont Parlor had
a stag social, at which there was many
visitors from this city. Sequoia Parlor
band, C. D. Barton, leader, furnished the
music, and under direction of Frank Bar
nett, chairman of the evening, a fine
programme was presented. During the
evening President D. Dordy and Secre
tary F. J. Hammerly were each pre
sented with mementos which they will
cherish and leave as heirlooms to their
j respective families. Those who helped
I make the evening pleasant were Bob
j Mitchell, Charles Cathcart, J. Cooney, L.
M. Bauman, W. Halleck, R. W. Mart
land, J. McMahon, P. A. Dunphy and
Pete Christiansen.
1 Grand Trustee F. A. Cutler has been
KERN COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL.
The above picture represent* the Kern County High School bulldln* at Bak
ersfield. Educators say that the structure Is excellently adapted to the use for
which It was designed.
The class rooms are large, Bunny and well ventilated. The arrangement
has proved to be satisfactory- Bakersfleld looks forward to the new era of
prosperity coming to the county of Kern, Is proud of the High School In
which the future men and women who are to carry onward the banner of
progress will receive an educational foundation as firm and strong as that upon
which the favorite Institution of learning rests.
pedagogical thought Into a practical edu
cational appliance when he makes a good
textbook than could be distilled from a
year's course of seminary lectures.— X . Jxi.
Campbell.
Humane education calls for precept in
the schoolroom, for example in the child s
surroundings, and for practice in the
child's personal relation to the brute cre
ation. A school-house cat, petted and fed
by the children day by day, is a greater
moral agent than a thousand injunctions
not to tie a tin can to a dog's tail.— Eliza
D. Keith.
..■• ■ • •
- Lost! Somewhere between sunrise and
sunset, two golden hours, each set with
sixty diamond minutes. No reward is of
fered, for they have gone forever.—
ace Mann.
*• • -
The normal school student in the very
beginning of his work should have a con
ception of the end which this training is
intended . to produce, and this ideal thus
early formed, though at first dim and ob
scure, should grow with his growth until
the true spirit of the teacher becomes the
controlling ii.Suence.-^Professor A. H.
Randall.
. '..- •■;;■■•- •■ ■;
It is absolutely requisite to a continu
ous advancement in the field of educa
tional thought and for the. very best in
terests of the public ..schools that re
searches and experiments should -be made
all along the various lines of education,
and that when such experiments and re
searches are productive of results which
may be beneficially applied to the every
day work of the schoolroom, they should
be placed in the hands of the teacher as
part of her equipment for the work. — Su
perintendent L. J. Chipman.
*■.... • * * •
Many people suppose that the tadpole's
tail drops off when the animal changes
into a frog, but not so. The tail is ab
sorbed into the new body. If its tail is
cut off the tadpole never develops, never
leaves the water; then its legs do not de
sworn in as Superior Judge of Del Norte
County, vice Judge Murphy, recently de
ceased.
California Parlor will give its annual
stag social on next Thursday evening in
the ! nnquet hall of the Native Sons'
building.
Should it be decided to hold a general
celebration this year, atid should San Jose
be selected as the place, Dr. W. A. Gas
toii will be the grand marshal.
The pnatest interest in the order at
thi* time is in relation to the trustees
to be elected by the grand parlor at the
session in Nevada City on the 2oth of
next April. This city will have as can
didates L. F. Byington. J. K. Hawkins,
C. R. Hrverin. John F. Finn. Joseph
O'Donnell and John Porcher. while the
country will present the names of Frank
SablcbJ of Los Angeles. H. R. McNoble
of Stockton, \V. W, Greer of Sacramento,
P. A. Cutler of Eureka, Joseph F. Coffey
of Redwood City, C. O. Dunbar of Santa
Rosa. Frank Barrett of Oakland and Neil
A. McCuughy of Haywards.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The members of Alta Parlor have de
cider! to give a party on the evening of
Easter Monday.
Joaquin Parlor of Stockton Is preparing
to give Grand President Mrs. Belle W.
Conrad a reception on the 17th inst.,
when she will pay it an official visit. On
the Bth of April this parlor will celebrate
its eleventh anniversary by an entertain
ment.
Buena Vista Parlor is making arrange
ments for a "farmers' party." At its
meeting last Thursday the parlor was
visited by Miss Clark of San Joaquin
Parlor and Miss Capeglia of San Jose.
The members of Santa Cruz Parlor are
not downcast because of the loss of all
their property by fire last week. To-mor
row tfcey will give a party in celebration
of the tenth anniversary of the organiza
tion of the parlor. It was not to be a tin
party, as is customary, but in view of. the
recent loss it will be "an old clothes par
ty-"
Stockton and San Jose will be candi
dates for the grand parlor session of 1899.
Stockton wants it because the next grand
president will be Mrs. Lena H. Mills of
that city.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Grand Past Protector H. C. Trephagen
of San Jose was in this city on a visit
last week.
Yerba Buena Lodge at its last held
meeting initiated one candidate and the
members are actively engaged in a sys
tematic search for additional candidates.
This lodge is expecting a visit from the
grand protector, Mrs. B. \V. Conrad.
THE JUNIORS.
AM is ready for the meeting of dele
gates to the State Council, that is to meet
in Los Angeies on the 15th Inst. There
will be many matters of interest come up
before the session. One will be the re
vision of the laws and the constitution,
others the doing away with a number of
propositions to have the State Council
meet permanently in San Francisco after
i.ie year 1900; the purchase of all supplies
from the State Council and the fixing of
the initiation fee at $5.
C. W. Collins of Unity Council will
make a strong fight to have the next
council meet in San Jose.
In addition to the candidates already
mentioned, Charles F. Quirey of Grant
Council, and Herman Paine, an alternate
from Custer Council, have announced
themselves as candidates for State secre
tary.
In Los Angeles the delegates will be
entertained by the Daughters of Liberty,
by the members of Hancock Council and
by those of Ln^on Council.
At a joint meeting of U. S. Grant.
Unity, Lincoln and Custer Councils dele
gates held last week, it was decided to
oppose the majority of the amendments
to be offered at Los Angelea.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
At the called meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge last week there were present many
members who had not attended a meet
ing for ten y.ears. Two candidates wore
initiated. The smoker that this lodge will
give to-morrow night promises to be a
grand affair.
Eagle Lodge Initiated two candidates
last week when Grana Dictator Archibald
attended and encouragingly addressed the
meeting.
Eureka Lodge is arranging for a
smoker. Anchor Lodge will give a
smoker to-morrow night. This lodge dur
ing the term has initiated the greatest
number of candidates. .
Leland Stanford Lodge received a visit
last week from trie grand dictator, grana
vice-dictator, grand reporter and Deputj
Frank Lawrence. This lodge, which n.±s
| velop. This is my text: Don't cut off
the tadpole's tail. Don't repress the natu
ral instincts of children.— G. Stanley HalL
■ * ■
A FIERCE ENCOUNTER.
In the Plaza de Toros of Madrid a
combat was recently fought between
j the famous man-eater tiger Cezar and
; the bull Regatero, says the New York
I Times. The bull was the first to appear
iin the inclosure. He was walking
■ leisurely when the tiger glided in and
I at once sprang upon him, firmly lm
; planting his claws in his hide. The
j bull, taken by surprise, seemed at
| first undecided what to do; then with
a terrible bellow he reared up and
shook his adversary off. He backed
several paces and charged, taking the
tiger upon his horns and throwing him
ten feet into the air. He then retired
and repeated the attack. He did this
again and again, and each time the
: tiger, after being thrown, would land
jon his feet. After the tenth trial Cezar
seemed to lose heart; he retired to a
corner of the arena and pretended to
be dead. The bull could not get at him
i there, but kept careful watch, and each
time the tiger moved Regatero lower
ed his head to charge. At length the
tiger stole out, but was immediately
I charged by the bull, which had moved
several yards away. Regatero. this
time, sure of his prey, gored without
throwing. The tiger rolled over ap
parently dead, but when the door to
his den was opened he made a dash
I for it. The hull, following:, save him
j a few parting strokes of the horn.
'. During the entire combat th(- audience
: showed the greatest enthusiasm and
applauded wildly the attacks of the
bull, while they hissed the strategic
movements of the tiger.
a number of applications on hand, is
progressing.
Grand Dictator Archibald announces the
following visits: March Iti, Chicn; March
17. Oroville: March IS. Marysville; March
23, Stockton; . A-Jaroh 24, Snorameruo;
March 25, Crockett.
TIIK DRUIDS.
The first anniversary entertainment
given by Aurora Grove in its tastefully
decorated hall was a successful and well
carried out affair, which was witnessed
by a large number of the members}- 'o
and friends. There were present -repJT
sentatlves from every local grove :m I
from groves in San Rafael, Oakland, Mq
desto and Healdsburg. The programme
was a good one, and the dancing was 1
greatly enjoyed.
The committee that is to entertain the
representatives to the grand grove will
give a picnic at San Rafael on the 22d
of May.
Noble Grand Arch Goller and Grand.
Secretary Graves visited Petaluma and
Cypress Groves at Petal uma lastWednesr
day. At the meeting there were present
members of Tomales and Sonoma groves.
After a presentation of the work and a
statement of the condition of bath visited
courts the visitors were entertained at a
banquet.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
The degree team of San Francisco Tent
is kept busy at every review initiating
candidates. The two factions are still
hard at work, and the Reds hope to eat
a supper at the expense of the Blues.
There are knowing ones who say that the
Blues are laying back and will come in
at the last with a list that will surprise
the tent and the Reds. Sir Knight S. W.
Hall. State commander, visited the tent
at its last review and delivered a short
address.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
The entertainment that was given last
Thursday night in St. George's Hall by
Golden Gate Hive was attended by a large
number of sir knights and many ladies.
There was an excellent programme that
was received with much applause. There
was a skirt dance by Miss Ethel Man
ning: recitation. Miss Orenia Wilson;
fancy dance, Miss Carrie Manning; reci
tation and reading. George V. Leroi;
character song, "The Chinese and the
Cion" (in costume), Victor Casmore. as
sisted by Mrs. Ida Leroi; piano selec
tions. Abe Sichel. Dancing followed and
refreshments were served by the mem
bers of the hive. W
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Yorke Council, recently instituted, has
been given its number, which it 508.
The lecture delivered last Thursday in
Murphy's Hall in Ocean View by the
Rev. Father Gleason before Council No.
310 was well attended.
At the district meeting of Councils Nos.
35. 55 and 460 there was a good attendance
and a number of matters of interest to
the order were discussed. The next meet
ing will be held on the 11th of April in
the hall- of No. 56.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Young Ladies' Institute No. 7. of which
Miss May Stein is president, will give a
hop in Native Sons' Hall on the 14th of
April.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Court Lincoln initiated two candidates
at its last stated meeting and elected
John B. Williams and R. N. MacLennan
delegates to the high court. Court Bo
hemia initiated three candidates.
Court Milton, in the town of that name,
will give a ball on tne 17th inst On that
nrrnsion M BOehm, H. C. ft. C X-, and
O M GoJdaracena. H. C S.. will s Pt ak
on the principles of the order.
Courts Liberty and Justice have amal-
B^ThT "picnic committee is arranging for
the urooer observance of Forest.rs day.
The high court of the Pacific (oast will
m ll\ c i" Oakland on the loth of May.
rmirt Excelsior will give an entertain
ment in the early part of April and Court
Court St.
lohn at Willows last week, and this week
will visit the court at Marlpoad.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The past chief companions' associ.-ites
will S' ve all entertainment on the 14thiilL
April. f l !*
Madge Ash has ben elected to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of
Nellie "Schweitzer from the executive
board.
The past chiefs will pay a fraternal visit
to Pride of the Forest Circle in Oak
land on the ISth inst.
The executive board vfsited Twin Peaks
Circle laat Friday.Beautiful Napa Valley
OXF of the prettiest, most fertile
and most accessible counties In
the State is Napa. Though of lim
ited area its wealth, its resources
and its proximity to San Francisco
give it corresponding importance.
The county Is about fifty miles long and
varies in width from thirty to thirty-five
miles. Spurs of the Coast Range of moun
tains pass through it. Between these
spurs are several rich and very product
ive valleys, where the soil is fertile, the
climate perfect, the scenery unsurpassed.
principal valley ir the county i.s
N v.-hirh is about forty miles long
and from two to five miles wide. Upon
side are continuous ranges of high
hills, covered with a rich soil that amply
la the husbandman for all labor
expended thereon. The valley contains
• ~;..ixX> acres. The farms are numer
weli cultivated and very productive.
At the southern extremity and widest
part Napa Valley receives the cool
breezes which blow through the Golden
Gate and up San •Francisco and Sau
I'ablo bays.
The Napa River rises in the mountains
at the head of the valley, and. clinging
close to the eastern range of hills, at last
enters San Francisco Kay. This river is
navigable for steamboats and sailing
I moderate size.
• towns of leading Importance
in the county are Xapa, St. Helena and
Calistoga, all situated in Napa Valley
and connected by rail and wagon roads.
Ther.^ are several small villages and set
tiemt nts. At Yountville, nine miles above
Xapa, is the State Home for Veterans,
where 700 survivors of the Mexican and
civil wars find, shelter in their declining
years.
The county maintains a commodious
and comfortable home for its indigent
sick and helpless. The building used as
a hospital proper is a large, handsome
wooden structure. In 1507 there was aid
ed to the older building a magnificent
structure, with all the latest im
provements, which is used as a tempo
rary hospital for the insane. Therein all
persons who are to be examined as to
their mental soundness are placed and
kept during the course of their examina
tion. The stone addition is so construct
ed that it will accommodate a large
NAPA CO. COURT HO USB.
number of patients with perfect security.
The institution is under the able man
agement of Mr. ana Mrs. Q. C. Fly. The
health of the inmates is cared for by Dr.
E. '/.. Hennessy. county physician. Seven
miles to the northeast of Napa are the
famous Napa Soua Springs. This prop
erty, owned by Colonel J. P. Jackson,
present Collector of the Port of San
Francisco, is personally managed by An
drew Jackson, son of the proprietor. The
springs rank among the popular pleasure
and health resorts of the State. Hand
some large buildings adorn the premises.
Other resorts in the county are note
worthy, among which are Wilsons Inn,
the Rural Health Retreat of St. Helena,
Aetna Springs in Pope Valley. Samuel
Springs, Angwins and Atlas Peak.
In the vicinity of Aetna Springs are ex
t'-nsivu quicksilver mines. Napa County
offers splendid inducements to the home
seeker, who will find land held at much
lower prices than in many counties of the
.State.
The city of Napa, the county seat, is
situated at the head of navigation on the
Napa River, forty-seven miles from San
Francisco. It has line educational facili
ties, consisting of public and private
schools. Its high school is well equipped.
The population is 4500, and the assessed
valuation $3,000,000. The city Is practically
free from debt. Numerous enterprises
line the water front, comprising four tan
neries, in which are made glove, shoe,
harness and sole leather; a woolen mill,
a glove factory, a shoe factory, a planing
mill, a Hour mill, fruit driers, a cannery,
a cream of tartar works, distilleries,
wineries, warehouses, lumber yards, etc.
Two .latly and three weekly papers reflect
the enterprise, of the town, and there are
three well-established banking institu
tions.
Napa's commercial advantages are
great, in fact superior to those of most
California towns, for Napa has water as
well as rail communiaction with the out
side. Passenger and freight trains find
m it their principal etatiou on the Napa
Valley branch of the California Pacific
Railroad, while three times per week the
Zinfandel, a handsome freight and pas
senger steamer, plies between the city
and San Francisco. The Xapa City, a
freight steamer, and flat-bottomed schoon
ers also come and go regularly.
The building of an electric power line
and railroad from Clear Lake, sixty miles
north, to this point, will soon be com
pleted by organized capital.
Napa city has a most complete system
of telephones. Scarcely a business house
is without one and many private resi
dences art*»filso thus accommodated.
Xapa is eminently a town of fine resi
dences and the' streets are illuminated
with both gas and electric lights. Xine
derominatlons are represented among the
churches. The city has a perfect system
of water works, its large mains being
filled from an underground Btream two
miles away, by means of mammoth steam
pumps and a 3,000,000 gallon reservoir. The
■water comes into town with sufficient
pressure to guarantee efficiency in the fire
department and the thorough flushing of
sewers. The works are owned by a joint
stock company in which citizens generally
are interested. The city also possesses an
active Board of Trade, through whose in
strumentality, coupled with the enter
prise of the people, many of the industries
here flourishing were attracted. A rree
public" library is one of Papa's institu
tions. It contains over 5000 volumes.
During the past year the librarian s re^
ord show that there were 30,000 visitors to
the institution.
The valley surrounding Napa City is
wonderfully picturesque. The average
annual rainfall during the last twenty
years has been leas than 27 inches, but
this is an amount amply sufficient for all
purposes. This year's rate of taxation
city, county and State-is only 51 50 on
the $100.
Among the most prominent business
enterprises of Napa is the Napa Woolen
Mills This mill was established in 1885,
and has been running almost continu
ously ever since. The main building is a
farge wooden structure 100x100 feet In
siz? In addition to the main building a
brick warehouse 50x70 goes to make up
the plant. Sixty-five persons are em
nloved So great is the amount of orders
that they are all working overtime. The
daily output is about 1200 pounds of
scoured wool. This year quite a quantity
of blanketing has been cut up for the
Klondike trade, and large quantities of
10 12 and 14 pound blankets, which aro
twice as heavy as those called for a year
ago are now in hand for the gold-seekers
who' go north. The plant is owned by
twenty stockholders. The officers are:
S E Holden. president; Manuel Manasse,
vice-president; B. F. Holden, secretary
and treasurer.
The last manufacturing enterprise es
tablished here is the shoe factory' Of
Evans, Norton & Co., which began op
erations about Bix months ago. The Napa
Board of Trade provided a lot in the
manufacturing district in East Napa.
erected a bulldinc. 100x38 feet in size, two
TIIE SAN FEANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAECH 13, 1898.
stories high, and made a contract with
the new firm that if they would occupy
it with a shoe factory, employing at
least twenty-five hands for live years, at
the end of that period the property
should be deeded to the occupants with
out charge. Many more than the re
quired number of people are already em
ployed and the factory is working until
9:30 o'clock at night every day filling
orders. Most of the leather used by the
company is produced in the State.
The members of the firm are Luther J.
Evans, for more than twenty years a
practical shoe manufacturer, more than
half of this time he having been con
nected with one of the large shoe fac
tories of San Francisco, and Lewis J.
Xorton, secretary and treasurer of the
Sawyer Tanning Company of this city,
with which concern he has been con
nected for over seventeen years.
A short distance below Napa, in a
southerly direction, under the manage
ment of C. Mulkey, is situated the
Spreckels ranch, one of the finest breed-
ing farms for horses in the State. The
tract of land consists of 250 acres of fine
bottom valley land, on which tine hay is
raised and fine grazing for stock is af
forded.
A fine training track, the most modern
and convenient stables and handsome
buildings are situated upon the premises.
The farm is used principally for breeding
and raising fine stock. A visitor to Napa
should not fall to visit this finely equip
ped farm.
Among the enterprises of Napa is the
GOOD WORK OF THE SACRAMENTO FOUNDLING HOME.
ON a bleak wintry morning in the
month of March, nearly ten
years ago, there was found upon
the doorstep of a Sacramento
home a little bundle of lifeless human
ity. The spot upon which it lay was
damp and cold, the rain dripped from
the eaves above and gusts of chilling
wind swept over the little body, the
life's spark of which had been extin
guished for many hours before it was
found. It was a Sabbath morning and
the people were returning from church.
A crowd had gathered and among
them were several Christian women of
Sacramento, whose hearts were
touched by the pitiful spectacle before
them. Mrs. F. W. Fratt in speaking of
the incident said:
"On Monday afternoon, the 24th day
of March, 1890, five ladies met together
and organized a charity to be known
as the Sacramento Foundling Home
Association. Why? Because our sym
pathies were awakened by the sad
death of a little waif whose life went
out beneath the pitiless rain that Sab
bath morning on the steps of a home
in this city. We had seen the need of
this home for some time, but that lit
tle breath, that was wafted away In
the chilly morning, breathed life into
our hitherto indefinite plans.
"We incorporated June 21, 1890. The
first directors were Mary E. Tryon,
Charlotte P. Huntoon, Sarah E. Clay
ton, Helen P. Mandevllle and myself.
Though it has been a hard struggle to
arrive at our present usefulness we
have trodden down each difficulty with
the help of our Master. Now we reach
out with hope inscribed upon our ban
ner, which floats its folds of purity
over the helpless, homeless, unloved,
unwelcomed and unclaimed babes."
Mrß. Sarah E. Clayton, who has done
much for the establishment of the
foundling home, in speaking of the in
stitution said: "Seventeen years ago
in this city an Infant was left on the
doorstep of the old Catholic church,
which was then at Seventh and X
streets. A policejnan took It to the
orphan asylum. He was informed that
they could not take care of Infants
there. We did not know what
Union Tannery- The principal building of
this plant is a two-story wooden building,
sixty feet one way by seventy-five the
other Eight years ago the Union Tan
ning Company began operations and since
that time the works have been running
continuously. The amount of the yearly
output is valued at about 145,000. The
management la as follows: B. Semorile,
president 4 N. Zacharowsky, vice-presi
dent; H. L. Amstutz. secretary-treasurer.
Among the enterprises of Napa is the
tannery run by H. M. Cropley. The Saw
yer Tanning Company own the building.
In the northern portion ot Napa, but
bevon.i the point where Napa River is
navigable, is the tannery of Thomas Mc-
Bain This plant has been established
about twenty-five years. It has numerous
buildings. About -ighteen men are era-
Dloyed continuously by the concern. The
monthly output is about 1200 to 1300 hides.
Harness, skirting and sole leather are
among the principal qualities of leather
that are here produced. Thomas Mcßaln
is the owner and manager.
/A/SA/V* ASVJLUM
Three years ago the enterprising citi
zens nf Napa induced Messrs. Raymond &
AYilliiims, who were at that time engaged
in the glove business in San Francisco,
to locate here. The citizens of Napa sub
scribed liberally toward the new enter
prise and raised suflicient funds to pur
chase the site and erect the glove factory
building, which they presented to Messrs.
Raymond & Williams upon the expressed
condition that thirty-fly: persons at least
were to be given employment for at
least five successive years. The proprie
to do with it, and a gentleman agreed
to pay for the care of the child until
I could obtain a home for it, which I
did in a few days. In a few weeks an
other babe was found abandoned, and
I found a home for it also. Dr. Hardy
about this time invited me to visit the
Home for Infants in San Francisco,
over which he had charge. I found
that our generous State had made
some provision for the little homeless
ones there and I wondered why we
should not have such a home in Sacra
mento. While I was doing all I could
to establish a home I found homes for
eighteen babies, of which only four
died. If you could see those who are
living to-day you would see what fine
looking people they are. They are
thankful indeed that they live In a
Christian land where we have been
taught the value of unselfish love."
The Foundling Home under the man
agement of these noble women has be
come one of the best public charities
in the State. The present board of di
rectors is composed of the following
ladies: Mrs. Annie E. Clark, Mrs.
Sarah E. Clayton, Mrs. Ella J. Flint,
Mrs, Ella T. Merkley, Mrs. Cornelia C.
Fratt, Mrs. W. H. Weinstock, Mrs.
Lottie Deming and Miss Minnie Roth,
the last named being the secretary.
The institution reflects great credit
upon those who are identified with it.
Mrs. Nellie Clark, the matron, deserves
much praise for her untiring efforts in
the care and discipline of the little ones
under her charge. Dr. Henderson, the
attending physician, is very proud of
the high standard of healthfulness
which he has maintained during the
period of bis administration.
The building is on Ninth and X
streets. There are twenty apartments
not including clcsets and bath rooms.
On the lower floor are two large par
lors, one on each side of a spacious re
ception hall.
Mrs. Fratt said: "Only last week we
placed a month old babe in a woman's
arms at the earnest solicitation of her
mother and husband, to fill a niche in
the heart made vacant by death. If
the work we are enabled to do shall
save some of the little ones whose first
breath was drawn in the atmosphere
of sin and rear them to be noble men
and true women we shall feel that our
work has not been in vain. No nobler
effort for the future good and pros
perity of our State and nation can be
made than to set the feet of the help
less child into the path of virtue and
honest livine. In the name of him w.ho
tors of the glove factory exceeded their
conditions from the start, and there are
now employed steadily and at a fair rate
of wages over 110 persons. The building
is wooden, 40x100 feet, and has two floors.
An enlargement is now planned.
The monthly output of the factory is
about 2000 dozen pairs of gloves. The an
nual business foots up about $150,000. F.
W. Williams is a native of San Francisco
and R. Raymond is a native of Eng
land.
In the southern part of the town of
Napa is the Sawyer tannery. This is the
largest and most extensive manufactur
ing plant in Napa County.
The daily output .s about 1500 hides.
About 1.0d0',000 pounds of wool per annum
is pulled from sheep pelts, which is ship
ped to Boston commercial houses.
The Sawyer Tannery was started in
1870 by B. F. Sawyer, from whom It de
rived its name, and since that time tne
plant has grown to be one of the finest
equipped establishments of Its kind In
the world.
In 1880, owing to the death of B. F.
Sawyer, the firm was reorganized without
change of name taking place. The pres
ent company is incorporated and *.as a
capital stock of $100,000. The management
consists of S. E. Holden, E. Manasse, L.
J Norton, 11. F. Norton and J. D. Jame
son as directors. One hundred and forty
people are constantly employed. The pay
roll foots up to about $4000 per month.
The yearly output amounts to about
$500,000.
Napa also boasts of the three great
blessed with his divine love even the
Magdalene, and who said, 'Whoso shall
receive one such little child in my name
receiveth me,' we are working."
Electrical Railways in Europe.—Re
cent statistics show that Germany
takes the lead of all European countries
in regard to the use of electric rail
ways. She has 393 miles of such roads
in operation; France has 173 miles;
Italy 72 miles, and England 68 miles.
All of Europe combined contains a lit
tle more than 900 miles of electric rail
way.
• m •
The United Kingdom consumes 600,
000 pounds, or about 4,000,000 gallons of
tea every day, which is as much as is
used by the rest of Europe, "North and
South America, Africa and Australia
combined.
wine cellars of the California Wine Asso
ciation. The capacity of these cellars in
total is over 1.000.0C0 gallons. Among the
largest and most productive wine cellars
In Xapa County is that owned by Lr.
MlKliavacca & Co., the foundation of
which dates Lack to 1872. The company
handles about 3000 tons of grapes and
makes about 500,000 gallons of wine per
MACHINES TO COAX YOU TO GO TO SLEEP.
HOW to obtain sufficient sleep—
this threatens to be a stubborn
problem of the new century
about to dawn over this busy,
bustling world. Some learned
scientists believe that enlight
ened man is fast forgetting how to
sleep— that insomnia is a necessary
perquisite of higher Intelligence.
Scarcely a week passes during which
we do not read of a death— self-inflicted
or otherwise— caused by this horrible
curse, which preys especially upon in
tellectual men.
Improved labor-saving machinery is
rapidly eliminating all necessity for
physical exercise, and exercise of the
body, before all, is the one great sleep
producer. We seem to be drifting to
ward an age when man must resort to
artifice to obtain that share of sleep
originally meted out to him by nature,
when the sleep producing machine will
be one of the necessities of human life.
But how are we to produce artificial
slee-) and how must the sleep produc
ing'machine be made? Already sub
jects have been artificially placed in
a state of somnolence by clamping the
arteries leading to the brain. The
clamps remained in place but a half
minute before sleep occurred
Another method of producing artifi
cial sleep by physical means, discov
ered by Dr. Hammond of Washington,
is to apply an electric current to one
of the sympathetic nerves along the
spinal column. The tired man of some
future age may have to resort to the
electric battery for such a purpose. It
would be much more comfortable to be
lulled to sleep by a mild electric cur
rent communicated by a pillow or mat
tress than to have to attach clamps to
the neck.
Some authorities believe that sleep
will result from fatigue of the eyes.
Machines are now made for producing
that condition.
Cold water bags applied to the fore
head and hot ones to the back of the
neck and feet are recommended to pro
duce sleep, since by their means the
blood is driven from the brain. Hot
baths increase the size of the blood
NURSES AND CHILDREN IN THE HOME
annum. G. Mlgliavacca Is aided In busi
ness by ihree sons, S., J. A. and H. B.
Migliavacca.
Napa has a brewery conducted by M.
G. Wagner.
Close to Napa is the Bay View vineyard
and olive orchard. Last year F. Borreo,
the proprietor, manufactured 760 gallons
of olive oil. y. J. BROWNLEE.
vessels of the skin, and produce the
same effect. Another method of free
ing the brain of blood and causing sleep
— one which will be found acceptable
to everyone — is the eating of a light
supper just before retiring.
Experiments prove that monotony is
an effective source of fatigue to the
brain, which organ appears to automat
ically drain off its blood when fatigued
to a normal degree.
The lullaby of the American mother
produces sleep because of its monotony.
A Papago Indian recently told the
writer that the native doctors among
his people sit at the bedside of the sick
and sing monotonous chants, repeated
over and over, throughout the whole
night. No additional treatment beyond
conjuring is applied. Many patients are
doubtless cured, the only virtue of the
treatment being the relief of pain and
the nourishment of the system by sleep
produced by monotony. Repeated rock
ing produces sleep, as does repeated
brushing of the hair.
There is an interesting theory that we
require sleep in proportion to the scar
city of red corpuscles in our blood. All
people, therefore, do not correspond in
their need of sleep. Many authorities
agree that the degree to which sleep is
needed depends upon the strength of
consciousness.
Too much sleep is thought to be
harmful by some authorities. Since con
sciousness requires waking hours for
development, too much sleep will rob It
of its education. During sleep a man
grows like a vegetable, but his mind
gets no exercise, which its development
demands. Were a child to sleep twen
ty hours a day until ten years old he
would doubtless have a feeble mind.
Children who sleep too much are found
upon investigation to be fatter than
those who sleep at a normal rate, but
their intellects are duller and their
muscles weaker. Insomnia, on the other
hand, is always a dangerous symptom
in children.
In ITBB there were only 29 head of
sheep in New South Wales, but now the
stock has reached 60,000,000. Australia,
New Zealand and Tasmania together
possess about 130,000,000 sheep.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
£lh«i about the name.
Bank Clearlntrs (tain ovor 50 per cent.
Shipment of $130,3:,S to China.
Wheat Futures lower.
Barley quiet and weak.
Oats. Corn and Rye dull. \
Hay continues to advance.
Flour and Feedstuff* unchanged.
Colored Beans declined. Whites firni.
No change in Seeds.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Eggs steady. Cheese weak.
I oultry nominal
Lcrger receipts of Oranges.
Provisions inactive.
Hides weak. Wool and Hops dull.
Mutton and l'.:k weak.
Thirty-one Failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet's Mercantile Agency reporcs
81 failures In the Pacific Coast States ana Ter
rltorles for the week ending yesterday, as coni
rared with 24 for the previous week and 25 for
the eorresp week of 1597. The failures
for the pni=t week are divided among the trades
as follows; Eight groceries, 1 horticultural
supplies, 2 bakeries, l saloon, 1 d:tiry, i iter
ace and transfer company. 2 machine shops, 1
attorney-at-law. 1 plumber and tinner. 2 lep
taurantp. 2 general stores, 2 saloons, 1 drugs, 1
<Jr goods, 1 planing mill, 1 poultry. 1 painter,
1 publishing company. 1 wholesale liquors
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Doric took out a trvnsure list of $120,355,
consisting of $11,240 in Mexican dollors, |ii;ls
In gold coin and $108,100 in silver bullion.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clenrlngs last week were 115.
634.619. against H0.330.258 for th* same week
last year, a gain of over &0 per cent.
EXPLANAVION.
The arrow flies with tho wind. The top flg-
Oree at ctatlon Indie c maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted ttnow In Inches
and hundredth? during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usur-lly accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
•ure nnd Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
al^ng th« coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along: the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobar* of
narked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm
frobable. With a "hiKh" in the vicinity of
daho. and the pressure falling: to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder wpather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER riKPORT.
(UOtr- Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 12. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and sftisonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last Beason:
Past' This Last
Stations — • 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 26.85 41.34
F.ed Bluff 0 11.07 22.
Sacramento 0 8.r.5 15.37
San Francisco U' 7.43 20.
Fresno 0 3.1 ''.25
San Luis Obispo.' 0 5.27 13.74
J..->s \> •■« lei 0 4.80 16.08
San Diego 0 3.G6 10.91
Yurai 0 1.6S £.31
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. 56;
minimum. 47; mean. '..1.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
A well defined barometric depression is cen
tral this evening near the international bound
ary to the north of Idaho, and a secondary de
pression is rapidly developing in Nevada and
Utah This is causing unusually ht«h west
erly tn northerly winds along the entire coast
from San Francisco northward and throughout
the interior of Washington, Oregon, California
and In Nevada. Utah and Idaho.
- The temperature Is falling very rapidly In
Washli >t 11. Oregon and Northern California.
Ci ndltlona are favorable f^r hifrti north winds
and roUier weather to-nljrht and Sunday In
There in some danger of frosts
Bunday night in Northern California.
Forecasts made :it San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 13. 1593:
Northern California— Fair Sunday: high
northwest wind: colder in the •outheairt por
tion; some danger of injurious frost Sunday
ni^-hh
Southern California — Partly cloudy Sunday;
cooler Sunday afternoon and night: . brisk to
h'j;h wesl wind.
Nevada— Occasional snow or rain Sunday;
oolder; hich northwest win<l.
I'tah— Occasional rain with snow In elevntM
section Sunday; decidedly colder; high north
west wind.
Arizona— lncreasing cloudiness Sunday; colder
Sunday nisrht.
San .Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
brisk to high westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tnmalpals. taken
at 5 p m.— Clear: north wind. 60 miles per
hour; maximum velocity. 72 miles ni>r hour
from the north: temperature. 39: maximum. 63.
\V H. HAMMON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET. j
NEW YORK. March 12.— professional
traders were somewhat astonished at the effect
they achieved in prices to-day. The bears, who j
manipulated the market at the opening, had j
buying orders nt the prices to which they :
desired to drive stocks. The market showed ;
Itself so weak when these prices were, reached \
that the buying orders were quickly . with- i
drawn. This covering movement accounted for '
the sharp rally In the first hour and there '.
■were some recoveries at the close. Otherwise j
there was nothing to relieve the unvaried de- :
preeslon which prevailed through ': the whole !
list of stocks and bonds. The closely held I
standard stOCka suffered with the .purely specu- i
lative Issues, and. in some ceses suffered se- 1
verely. Lake Shore ; ls an example. It sold at |
186, a decline of 3. points, and closed with the {
bidding with only ISO. Pennsylvania dropped
S full points. St. Paul suffered very acutely, j
probably on the .uncovering .of margins on
recent speculative buying, and was oft at one !
time i% points. Northwest dropped 4% and j
Burlington 3 points., The local traction stocks';
were equally weak. ' The .number of prominent i
stocks which net losses of between 2 and 3 j
points Is very large. The ' total sales In ' the :
two hours of trading, 323, 300. was well ' up to ;
the average of a full duy's business v for the ,
v.-fk. exclusive of . Monday, and, blocks of ■
several thousand shares were frequently re- :
cord«d. Part of theM offerings 1 were specu
lative holdings dislodged by exhausted mar
frlna. but there can be no doubt that sales of"
nvestment holdinKs, such as are usually In
fluenced at .all' by the speculative movement
Of prices, are beginning to absorb: an Increas
ing proportion of the business on the. stock
exchange. Then was no specific -Item of ; the
nnwa that could be pointed to as accounting
for the demoralization of. the market. It • was
caused rather by the general - conviction that
the reports of the Maine Board of Inquiry and
a statement of the further policy of the Gov
ernment towartl Cuba vi» Imminent, and .'the
unwillingness of operators to carry open con
tracts over Sunday. The weekly bank state
ment shows that the gold Imports received for
the week have not been sufficient to offset the
continued withdrawaJs to the Interior, so that
the cash holdingu ■ show a net decrease ■of
17M.700. But as UlO he*vy dx&wlog down of
deposits bad reduced the 25 per cent require
ment:? by *2,6;<4,62."> the surplus reserve 1« en
larged by $1,857,925.
. The stock market ended the week as It bagan.
in a' demoralised condition. The partial .re
covery of Tuesday and Wednesday and the
diminished activity -between Monday and Sat
urday probably represented nothing but a
natural reaction, which always follows a &ud
den decline, the recovery being in proportion
to the violence of the rail. The New York
Bti i k I-;.\< -hange on Monday shared the. de
pression existing on every exchange for se
curities In the world. On the London and
European exchanges the new demands of Rus
sia upon China and the tension between France
and Great Britain over the West African situa
tion were almost a.= much causes for alarm
as the relations between the United States and
Spain. So acute was the resulting depression
that so important an incident as the Supreme
Court decision In the Nebraska maximum
freight rate case in favor of the railroads was
almost entirely disregarded. although It has
been ea«erly looked for each Monday since last
veiir. Spain' ■ disavowal of any intention to
demand Lee's recall, the satisfactory adjust
ment of the difficult}' over sending provisions
to Cubs In warships and the voting by Con
rresii of the *so.i*u.oW) defense fund were ail
cited as evidence of Improved changes In our
relations with Spain. Hut that none of these
had any deep-seated effect wa* shown by the
course of prices later in the week.
The course of the eNchaiiKe market and the
continued Influx of Kold must be accepted also
as additional evidence of preparing for emer
gencies. Last week the heavy demand for
money from the Interior, due to the desire of
interior Institutions to strengthen their re
serves, led to a rise In the money-rate, which
naturally started an import movement of gold.
This week the money market was decidedly
easier and the level of call money rates Is
distinctly below that In London, so there
should be a profit in leaving credits abroad at
Interest. But there has been no interruption
to the engagements of gold for Import, which
have now reached a total of considerably over
$16,000,000. After the available supply of gold
In the open market had been absorbed the
Bank of England and the Bank of France re
sorted to the most extraordinary expedients to
prevent the withdrawal of gold, the premium
demanded being sufficient under ordinary cir
cumstances to check the outflow of gold. •
Gold is. however, being taken from the Bank
of England for New York.
Railroad bonds have shown full sympathy
with the weakness In stocks, but the dealings
were not larsre.
United States new 4s have declined 3* bid.
the 5a and the old 4s ' 1 bid and the old 4s
(coupon) and the 2s * per cent bid.
Total sales of stocks to-day 522.300 shares.
Including: Atchison preferred, 6f.CO; C. and 0.,
6400; Burlington. 20.00S: L. and N.. 7150; Man
hattan. 1G.E20: Metropolitan. C 020: Reading pre
ferred. 6620; Missouri Pacific. 6917: New Jersey
Central, 3820; New York Central, 10,020; North
ern Pacific. 5420: Northern Pacific preferred,
11,920: Ontario and Western. 4016: Reading,
4140; Rock Island. 10,020; St. T*a^». 2342; J^t.
Paul first preferred, 13.0; Union Pacific. 5420;
Tobacco, 7950: People's Gas, 12.365; General
Electric, 4180: Sugar. 44.320: T. C. and 1.. 4010;
Western Union, 7320.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison I«>H St Paul 8514
l>o pref 24 • Do pref 143%
Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P & Om Si%
Canada Pacific .. 78% 1 Do pref 143%
CRnada Southern. 44% iSt P M & M .... 65
Cent Pacific 11 So Pacific 15-
Ches & '.>hlo .... 17%50 Railway 7%
Chi & Alton 150 I Do pref 24*;
Chi B& 0 : 8634iTexas& Pacific .. %V»
Chi & E 111 504 ' Union Pacific ... 23%
C C C & St L.... 25 "4 r P D & G 6%
Do pref 75 Wabash 64
Del & Hudson ... 106% Do pref 15Vd
Del L & W 150 1 Wheel - L E.... IT*
Den & R G 11 Do pref 9\i
Do pref 43 I Express Companies—
1 Erie (new) 12 Adams Ex 100
Do Ist pref 33V4 \ American Ex 120
Ft Wayne 168 I t'nlte.l «ta*->s ... 3S
! Gt Nor pref 146% | Wells Fa.»> . 115
! Hocking Val o'ii Miscellaneous
! Illinois Cent .... 97% A Cot Oil 16
1 Lake Erie & W.. 12% Do pref 66
Do pref 63 i Amn Spirits .... fi 7^
Lake Shore 180 Do pref '. 17? i
! Louis & Nash ... 46*4 Am Tobacco 91
j Manhattan L ... 95 Do pref 112
! JkK-t St Ry 135% i People's Gas 88%
! Mich Cent 90% Cona Gas 175
■ Minn & St L 22 Com Cable Co ... 150
Do Ist pref 81 Col F & Iron 17%
Mo Pacific 22% Do -- ef> 78
Mobile & 0hi0... 26% Gen Electric .... 29%
I Mo X & T 10V4 Illinois Steel .... 45
Do rref 28% Laclede Gas 40
Chi Ind & L .... 7 Lead 27%
Do pref .... 25 . Do pref 101 y.
X J Central 89\4 Nat. Lin Oil 16
N V Central .... 108 Or Imp Co _ 23%
N V Chi & St L. 1114 Pacific Mall 22%
• Do Ist pref Pullman 16."
Do 2d nref 30 i Silver Cert 54.
Nor Wast 11 I Stand R& T .... 3'.i
No Amer Co 5 Sugar 121%
No Pacific 20% Do pref 110
Do pref 57»j, T C & Iron 16%
Ontario & W ... 137,. U S Leather .... 5%
Or R & Nay .... 42% Do pref 66%
Or Snort Line .... 26% U S Rubber 14
Plttsburg 168 Do pref 69%
Reading 15% West Union ..... 84
DO Ist pref .... 36>i 8 L & S W 4
Rock Island 80% Do pref ........ 7%
St L g- S F 6% R G W ..' 23
Do Ist pref .... 54 Chi G W 9%
Do 2d pref .... 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122% N J C 5s 112%
Do coup 122 1 N Carolina 65.... 125
U S 4s 11l Do 4s 103
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 115%
Do 2ds 98V4 Do 33 58
U S 5s reg... 112 Do 4s 53%
Do 5s coup .... 112 NYC &S L 4s. JOS
District 365 a .... 116 Nor & W 65...... 125
; Aln class H'S'i Northwstrn cons. 144
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 100 O Nay Ists 113
Do Currency ..100 O Nay 4s 94
Atchison 4b 56% O S Line 6s tr.... 120%
Do adj 4s 54% O S Line {is tr 100
I Can So 2ds lOfiVi O Imp lsts tr.... 105
1 C & Ohio 5s .... 113% Do 5s tr SI
Chi Term 45.... S3 Pacific Cs of 95.. 102%
C H & H 4%5.... 10474 Reading 4s 7it%
D & R G lsts.... 110 R O \v lsts 79
DAROd 90 SLA IM C 6s. S9
East Term lsts.. 106 18 L « 8 F G 6s. 119
Erie Gen 4s 6.» St P Con 141
FW & D lsts tr. Cl Bt PC & P lsts.. 118
S Gen Elec 6s 101', Do 5s 115<4
GH& S A 65.... 109 So Ry 5s SS
Do 2ds 101 Stand 1! & T 65.. 56
: H &TC 5s ion Term new set 35.. !>0
Do con 6s 104 T&P L O lsts.. 96%
! lowa C lsts 100 Do Rr 2ds 23%
Kan P Con tr.... 100 lUPPAO lsts.. 51
E Pac Ist DD tr. 131 : Wab lrt 5s ...... 103
i La new cons 100 1 Do 2ds 75
I L & N Uni 45.... 85,4 W Shore 4s 109
I Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries C 8
I M K& T 2d5.... sS'i Do deferred ... 4
Do 4s S6 UP pref 47%
N V Central lsts. 116>i Do 4s 59%
i MINING STOCKS. ,
Chollar 3C Ontario 2 50
1 Crown Point 2 Ophir 40
1 Con Cal & Va... "1 Plymouth 08
1 Deadwood ...;.... 75 QmcKstlver.. 100
Gould & Curry... . 10 Do prefered ..... 200
Hale & Norcross. 1 30 Sierra Nevada ... 95
I Homestake 37 00 ' Standard 160
1 j Iron Silver 40 Union Con 30
• , Mexican , 25 1 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON. March 12.— Atchison. 10%; Bell
Telephone. 240: P.urllneton. S6^4; Mexican Cen
tral. 5; Oregon Short Line, 27',«>; San Diego, — .
-• LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here were dull and dopressed to-day on finance
and politics, more particularly the Cuban ques
tion, but the close was a fraction above the
worst on a feeble rally from Paris, ■ owing to
the recovery In Brazils on Rothschild's buy
ing. Spanish' securities were flat. The report
that tiie next coupon' of the Interior debt was
to be paid in pesetas is officially contradicted.
All the same Spanish finance is in a desperate
situation.*
Americans were fiat on the New York. There
was practically no recovery. The Increased
premium charged by the : France on ' eagles.
thus shifting the demand for gold here, re
sulted in more withdrawals from the Bank of
j England to-day. ■'*■
More American • bills are offered ;to arrive
than for some time. The brokers usually quote
314. The bank Is now doing a large business,
the' discount rate in the open : market being
3'i. There was a further falling In ; Spanish
bonds alter business hours. iygSSg
■ CLOSE.
LONDON. March 12.— Canadian Pacific, 8274:
Grand Trunk. 49%; ' Money, 3 per cent; Bar
1 Silver,' 2s 3-16 d per ounce. . '
INTERNATIONAL SECURITIES.
BERLIN, March 12.— International securities
jon the Bourse to-day were quiet. -.."-'•'
I NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
I v NEW YORK. March 12.— FLOUR— Receipts
23.487. exports 19.2U0. Market .weak and nom
inally lower. Minnesota patents $5 20®5 45; do
i bakers', $4 4004 60; winter patents. $4 90@5 50;
i do straits, $4 'o(«ii 4 60; do extras, $3 90(jj4 10; do
I low grades, J2 90<J?3. •
I WHEAT— Receipts 105.225, exports 20.052; Spot
I, weak; No. 2 red, $1 05, f. o. b. afloat to arrive.
I Options opened- steadier on: bullish cables, but
j' quickly xleveloped pronounce.) weakness under
i another sensational bear raid and closed heavy
■ nt %OI%C decline; No. : re«i March, 1 03^1 03%;
! closed;-- $1 ''3. May. 9S©39%c:i closed, 98c.
i HOPS— Stcadv: State common to choice, 1593
I crop. 4W60; 189« crop, 7&9 c: 1597 crop, 17©19 c;
i Pacific const, lt>9s crop. 4®6c; 1596 crop, 8@10c;
1597 crop, 174*19 c: London market. 9Jc(Jisl.
WOOL— Quiet: fleece. 17%©23% c: Texas. 13%®
IBVic. '^^wWiniiawr n tLW*mJnSimJauii3iA3t*£iaiiMGKm
ri:TROLKUM— DuII. .
1 PIG IRON— Quiet; Southern. $9 75011; North
1 em. $10 I'l'ri \2. ? *X*&P*BS&*&***mgSeagg3gßßßg&
] COPPER— Quiet: brokers'. $12.
" LEAD- Quiet: brokers', $3 CO.
j -. TIN- Plates weak.- . . ■■
I - COFFEE — Options ■ closed . steady ' nt / un-
I changed to 10 points net lower; sales. 12,500
bags, including March.-$5 15; May, $5 20. Spot
i Coffee— Rio weak: No. 7 Invoice, C",c: No. -7
Jobbing. - CVic: mild, quiet. Cordova , S^@l6c;
' eales, 200 bags Mai-acalbo p. t.
. Sl'iiAß— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3*ic:
1 Centrifugal. 96 test, 4Hc: refined, , quiet; Mold
A. B%c; Standard' A. Cc; Confectioners' A, sc;
! cut loaf, 6»4c: crushed, ifJKc:'-. powdered,* 5 6-16 c;
granulated. GUc: cube*, S 5-ICC. ■ •
I BUTTEJt— liecripte, 3100 packages; weaker.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
Creamer}-, Western. 15@20e: Elglns. 20c: fac- ,
°FGO*— Receipts. 6056 packages; firmer; West-,
crn, 10>l4c; Southern. 10\®llc. J
* DRIED FRUITS. \
- r:W .YORK. March* 12.— California dried ,
f ™VOPORATED APPLEf-Common .6SBc: j
prime wire tray, B*<??S%c: wood dn-J prime, .
S^f,sy; choice, B»i©Sc; fancy. 9*@loc.
APRKXiT"s- Royai. 5%@7c; Moorpark. B*© >
1O PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6©3c_; peeled. 120160. J
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET. j
CHICAGO, March Wheat started as If a I
rally after the weakness of yesterday were to
take place. Holders were encouraged by the
steadiness shown by foreign markets, especially
Liverpool, In the face of yesterday's tumble in i
prices here. It was also known that Letter
had placed additional shipping orders of nearly
150,000 bushels. Offerings at first were In com- \
paratlvely small volume while a good scattered
demand was apparent. Hlds were made for j
July at the opening at SS*<sSs%c. This was ;
Vie over yesterday's closing price and the. buy
ing demand was good enough to add anoth'r I
small fraction to the price In a very short j
time. The market held fairly steady for some |
time at around that price, but finally the. weak- I
ness in Wall street, giving rise to apprehen- |
sions of liquidation In everything else, brought
the longs Into the market to unload. It also
resulted In an almost total cutting off of sup- ;
piles and professional Bhorts taking advantage i
of that fact hammered the price down rapidly.
For about fifteen minutes the market was ex
ceptionally weak. July selling down without a
stop to 86% c. a break of 2%e from the high
point. The decline brought n, good many stop.
loss orders and considerable selling was aIBO
done through fear of another attack on May
by the big bears. In this, however, holders
were agreeably disappointed. Plenty of May i
was offered, but there was nothing like the con- |
certed attempt to break the market which took
place yesterday and Letter's brokers had com
paratively little difficulty in keeping the price
at *104. Another Influential factor was the
New York bank statement. The market, after
getting down to 86% c for July, gradually grew
quieter. The steadiness of May had a good
effect - on ' the nerves of the July holders and
brought Borne of the early sellers back. Shorts
■who had made big profits on the break ; also
covered freely and the price gradually crept
back to 86 /4 c. Then for some time almost • a
holiday dullness prevailed with fluctuations In
frequent and narrow. Late in the session a
good deal of excitement was caused by a for
mal application by Lelter to the directors for
a marginal price on May which was done, he
said, to relieve the tension. This action had
a favorable effect on the market and resulted j
in a further advance in July, that future j
finally getting up to 87Mi@87*c. where it closed. I
May closed at $1 04. After the session closed |
It became known that Lelter had sold 2.000,000
bushels of contract Wheat to Counselman &
Day. The price was not stated, Leiter merely
saying it was disposed of at "market price."
Corn was wesJc with Wheat. May closed a
shade under yesterday's final figure.
The market for Oats was weak In sympathy
with Wheat and Corn. May closed %@%c j
lower. , ,
Provisions were weak. The market ruled
heavy to the close. May Pork closed 25c j
lower, May Lard 7*c. lower and May Rltu
about 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Ma? eat . N °:.. 7... 104 104* 103* 101*
July. 88% BS% 86% XX
Corn No. 2— 30* 30% 30 30*
May 30«4 30% 30 W4
July 81V4 31* 81H 31%
September 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2— 26% • 26* 26 2«*
May 2G*i 26V* 26 2«H
July 24* 24% 24\4 24*
Mess Pork, per bbl— ,
May 10 05 10 17* 995 -995.
July 10 20 10 25 .10 00 10 02*
Lard, per 100 lbs— -" v ; ? "
May 5 17* 620 610 6 12*
July .: .....6 25 625 6 17* 520
Short Ribs, per 100 tbs—
May 510 10 5 02* 605
July 515 Sls 5 07* 510
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; winter patents. $4 Ss@s; straits, $4 30®
4 CO; spring specials. $5 40@5 50; spring patents.
$4 70@5 10; straits, $4 40@4 60; bakers', $3 CO®
3 90; No. 2 spring wheat. 92@94c; No. 3 spring
wheat. S2«rf96c: No. 2 red. $1 02@l 02*; No. 2
corn, 29<4@29%c; No. 2 oats. 26Vic; No. 2 white,
f. o. b., 30 l i®Slc; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 28®
29* c; No. 2 rye. 49c: No. 2 barley, f. o. b.,
35<f?43e; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 IS*; prime timothy
seed, $2 90; mess pork, per bbl, $9 95010; lard,
per 100 IT«8. $5 07*4?5 10; short ribs sides (loose),
J4 33(85 25: dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 75<8>
5; short clear sides (boxed), $5 35@5 50; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 18*; su
gars, cut loaf, 6.01 c; granulated, 5.51 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, hbls 36.000 39,000
Wheat, bu 65.000 99.000
I Corn, bu 435,000 395,0<¥)
Oats, busu s 3C5.000 304,000
Rye. bu 11,000 500
Barley, bu 61,000 '. 26,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter '
market was steady: creameries. 13i3!19c; dairies.
llS"17e; cheese, quiet, 7@7>4c; eggs, firm, fresh,
10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels. '
Minneapolis 240.040 ! 88.040
Duluth .54.971 \ 7.123
Milwaukee :.". 29,900 2.0.V)
Chicago 65.425 99.02S .
Toledo 22.240 26.000
St. Louis 11,000 17,000
Detroit 4,250 3.648
Kansas City 24,500 10.500
Totals 452,326 253,389 ;
Tidewater —
Boston 34.715 8.043 i
New-York 108.225 - 20.052 i
Philadelphia 6.812 1.513
Baltimore 15.542 40.150
New Orleans 
Totals ". 168,594 69,818 I
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. ;
Opening 62 40 69 40
Closing ' .;... i
- Flour—
Opening 28 85 27 60
Closing ..... ;
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
"•■.•..' March. May. July. Sept. Dec. ■
Opening ... 7 10V4 7 5<4 71% 67% 66%
Closing ..... ,
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 12.— CATTLE— There was {
the usual Saturday lack of supplies In the cat- j
I tie pens and the market In consequence was
| largely a nominal one. The few cattle offered
I were sold at prices unchanged from yesterday.
HOGS— Prices of ' hogs were practically the
! same as yesterday, the supply being very light.
I The extreme range was $3 70@4 10, the bulk of
■ the sales being at $3 Ss@4 10.
SHEEP— The better part of > the 3000 head of
sheep and lambs that arrived to-day did not
, come on the market, being consigned to local
! slaughterers. Prices were steady at %3 d3 70 for
sheep. $4Go@s.for yearlings and $4 25©5 50 for
lambs. '
Receipts— Cattle, • 200; Hogs, 11.000; Sheep,
30C0. '..•--. .w.-;v .. -
OMAHA.
OMAHA, . Neb.. March- 12—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 2100. Market strong: native beef steers, i
: $3 Soffs; Western steers, $3 60W4 60; cows and
heifers, $3 10&4 35: stockers and feeders, $3 7f<ifj!
1 4 90; calves, ii\i?> 50; bulls and stags. $2 504/)
j 3 FO. ■ *
■ HOGS— Receipts, 3400. Market 5s lower;
: heavy, $3 65@3 90: mixed. $3 70@3 90: light, $3 70
Si:: SO: bulk of pales, $3 75. :
SHEEP— Receipts, SCO. Market steady; fair
; to choice nntlves. $3 76(^4 75: fair to choice j
I Westerns, $3 COff-JTO: common and stock sheep, ;
I $3®390; lambs. $4 2Sff?". 20. . i
KANSAS CITY. ■ . {
KANSAS CITY, March 12— CATTLE— j
celpts, 100. Market unchanged. . - - '
' HOGS— Receipts. 4000. Market steady; bulk
! of pales. $3 70(53 90: heavies. '■- $S 7oft3 95; pack
'■ ers. $3 70<53 90: mixed. $3 65@3 90; lleht. »3 60@
3 7r; yorkers. $3 70@3 75; pigs, $3 40@3 60. I
r SHEEP— Receipts. 200. ' Market firm; lambs,
| $4 Cs(ffs 25; muttons. $3 Sog4 65.
FOREIGN MARKETS. ' -
LONDON. March 12.— Console, 111%; \ silver,
| 25 3-16 d; French rentes, 104f 10c@104f sc. ''•
LIVERPOOL, March 12.— Wheat, steady; car
i goes off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on pass
! age, quiet and steady; wheat in Paris, firm;
flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— 3%d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter," 7b lid. , i •
CORN— steady; American mixed, new,
3s sVid; futures steady; March, 3s 4%d; May,
' 3s 3%d: July, 3f 34d. , T
- FLOUR — St. Louis fancy winter, steady, 10s.
HOPS AT LONDON— Pacific Coast, firm,
£4 10s®£5 ss. ' . ..
DENVER.
DENVER, March CATTLE— Receipts. 200.
Market .• steady to. strong: beef steers, S3 50@
! 4 40: cows, $?.iT3 90; feeders, freight paid to
river. =$4??4 40; .stockers, $4@4 65; bulls and
| stags. $2 2-«T3 40. - . -..■ -: ■ ■ r
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market steady; light
packers. $3 So®3 S5; mixed, $3 75<g'3 80; . heavy,
$3 70W3 SO. - ' ■::. - ; - .. . .- v ■. •'^-- :
SHEEP— Receiptw. , 400. Market steady: good
: fat muttons, $3 2r>sT4 40; lambs, $4 25@5 15. . ■
ASSOCIATED , BANKS' - STATEMENT.
:-. NEW YORK. March 12.— The Financier says:
■ So far as ' relative strength ■; is ; concerned, *: the
; New York '■'■ Clearing-house . banks are 7 In a ;
! stronger >i position -.. now than at i the close .'of
business one week ago. " ! ; The policy of retrench
, ment \ seems |to } have I been rather, generally fol
, lowedby" the : larger Institutions, <, and ? the loss ■■
i of $10,392,400 In j loans. ' as \ shown ■ by . the state- :
ment of March 12, ' corresponds closely with the
| reduction lof '■■ $10,538,500.: In 'i deposits. _• Early In ,
the week | the 1 ldation |In loans was a mark- j
ed feature, as a number of ; the banks were;be
. ' low their reserve requirements and desired nat-,
, urally ;. to '' Increase . their j. cash I holdings, The
j unsettled! Btoek Exchange conditions have also
j contributed toward the falling oft shown in the
400 In legal tenders, but the receipts of the
first ffold Imports swelled the specie Item
$3.J"35,7 r O. so that the actual loss In cash for the
week was only $736,70 i.
The reserve requirements, owing to the de
crease In deposits, were reduced $2.fi34,62r.. and,
taking from this the actual loss in cash, the
result shows that the banks have added $1.
897,925 to the uxcess reserve reported one week
aho. There is now engaged or en route to
Amerca over $12,!>ij0.000 in gold, and as this
will find its way Into New York banks, ex
cepting, of course, the one-half million order
ed for Chicago, the outlook must be regarded
as reassuring. It will be seen that this center
can stand a heavy drain without weakening
the position of the" local banks, although why
there should be a continued movement of funds
to the Interior, with bank reserves at nearly
every principal center heavier 'than visual, is a
matter that cannot be explained easily. The
local money rates during the week have re
flected an easier feeling, falling off somewhat
at the close. Many of the larger banks seem
to be out of the market on commercial paner.
but out-of-town institutions, which are not af
fected by the withdrawal of money, have been
doing considerable business at this point. It Is
of course impossible in view of foreien com
plications to predict how money will turn
within two week?, but it will require a very
severe crisis irdeed to brinp the market to an
acute stage. The continuance of gold Imports
would operate against Its existence for more
than a brief period of time.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, March 12.— Wheat. steady;
Walla Walla. 75@76c; valley. 78@79c.
Cleared — British bark Peter Iredale, for
Queenstown, with 111,858 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 12.— Wheat, dull and nomi
nally unchanged; club. 73<ff74e; bluestem, 76<3>
77c,
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. March 12. -Exchanges, $207,303;
balances, $38,709.
DRY GOODS MARKET.
NKW YORK, March 12.— Staple dry goods
show no change from the conditions prevailing
at the opening of the week. In cotton lines
there has been a well sustained demand for
seasonable styles, particularly In printed and
woven goods. Staple cottons In brown and
bleached goods alike are practically where they
were at the week's opening. The firm attitude
of sellers is remarkable in the face of the de
cline in print cloths^
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, March 12— The imports at the
port of New York during the week were: Gold.
$SSS6 479; silver, J36.105; dry Roods and general
merchandise. $11,720,950.
The exports of specie were: Gold, $100,250;
silver. $586,015.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, March 12.— 1n the wool trade dur
ins the week several parcels of South African
greasy were sold. There was good inquiry for
Australian merinos, but the transactions were
small. The offerings next week aggregate 63,
000 bales.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance. {:25,339.138; gold re
serve, J169.514.420.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — I* 81^
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 I:7*
Sterling Cables — 483
New York Exchange, sight — If*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — lo ■
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6 *t*
Mexican Dollars — *»
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Marguerite Molinos takes for
Cork 54,660 ctls, valued at $79,940.
While the spot market kept along without
change, futures were lower. The demand on
shipping account continued dull.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 V)f>
1 41V« for No. 1, $1 42H for choice and $1 45©1 "0
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls.
$1 39 s * ; 12.000, $1 39V4; 13.000, $1 39* -
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 33; 30,
000 $1 3274; May— 2ooo. $1 39%; 36.000, $1 40.
Regular Morning Session— December — 22,000
ctls. $1 33.
BARLEY— The consumption Is reported very
light at present, and this operates against any
very sharp advance. In fact, futures were
lower and the spot market was dull, though
thare was no decline.
Feed $1 07>/s4il 10 for dark to good and $1 11V4
01 124 ffcr choice; Brf.ving. $1 17Vi@l for
No. 1; $1 \2Vi<s\ 15 for dark Coast.
CALL BO.*KD SALBS.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— lß,ooo
ctls $1 OS\4-
Second Session— December— ctls, 974 c;
May— 6ooo, $1 07%; 4000, $1 074: 6000, $1 07%; 6000,
$1 07U: 2000. Jl 07; 2000.- *1 Ob:*. - —
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls.
$107; 4000, $1 C 6%; December— 4ooo, 96% c; 4000.
9G*ic; 2000. 96% c; 2000. 96V4c. -••• ■
OATS— market is dull again at the ad
vanced prices. - : -"
Fancy feed, $1 274 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 20@l 25: common. Jl 174: Surprise, $1 274
@1 321-4; red. $1850146; gray. $1^ 17V4i»l 20;
milling, $1 20@l 25; black, for seed, ; $1 35@1 50.
Clipped Oats sell at $l<g:2 per ton over the raw
product. ..
Neglected and unchanged.
Small round yellow. Jl lOff/'l 12>.* per ctl; large
yellow, $1 05@l 07V4; white, $1 0501 10.
RYE— 0501 07H J'er ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 75@1 S5 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 sr/(74 65: Bakers' extras. $4 3Cf4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lt.s; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour. $.'. 75: Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream.;
do $3- Ontmeal, *3 50: Oat Groats, $4: Horn- j
lny. $3 10«3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Cracked ,
Wheat. $3 50; Farnia. $4 50: Whole \\ heat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 Xfig C.>; in
sacks, $5 064J5 46; Pearl Barley. $4; bplit leas,
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is higher again and unsettled, some
dealers quoting even higher than our figures.
Buyers held off so long, hoping to break the
market, that they are forced to purchase again
to replenish their depleted stocks, thus they
are advancing the market on themselves.
Feedstufffl »how no change.
BRAN— SI6«H6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB 923 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28 50@29 50; j
jobbing. J3O; Coeoanut Cake. $21 50@22 50; Cot- .
tonseed Meal, $2S<ji3o per ton; Corn Meal, S.3W j
24: Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Chopped Feed, j
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $16 ;
©19 75 per ton: Wheat and Oat, $16® IS uO; Oat 1
$15 50®17 50: Barley. $15^16 50: compressed. $17
©19; Alfalfa. $10® 11 50; stock, $11@12 60; Clover,
none here.
STRAW-35@45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Colored Beans are lower all around and dull !
at the decline, with larger offerings. Llmas
have also declined. White descriptions are still 1
firm and in active demand.
Seeds show no change. -t»i.i*
BEANS— Bayos, $2 so^2 90; Small_ T\ hUes.
$1 6001 60; Large Whifes, $1 »o@l <>5; Pinks,
$2 25#2 50: Reds, $2^2 25; Blackeye, $2 40@2 d 0 :
Butters, $1 M«l 80: Limas. $2«T2 10; Pea, $1 40
<gl 56; Red Ki.lneys, $2 25<§2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 »•• P« r ctl :
Yellow Mustard. ti&2 50; Flax. $2 3n; Canary
Seed. $2V»©2^ic per lb; Alfalfa. $3@6c; Rape,
2 f a2\c; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, 'i^c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $1 CO
@1 &0 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
All kinds were about aa before, an advance
In Peas being the only exception.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 6r.<S>7sc: River Reds.
50<g60c; River Burbanks, 601Q~5c pr sack; Ore
. gon Burbanks. SS49KCS Salinas Burbanks. are
out; Petaluma Burbanks, SS^Sc; Sweet Po
tatoes. 254350 C per ctl lor Rivers and foctfjl for
Merced: new Volunteer Potatoes. 3»34c per ltv
\ ONIONS— S2 60@2 75 per ctl; Oregon. $2 60^
2 75; Australian, $2 50(^3; cut Onions, $I@l 26
1 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 395 boxes As
paragus, 326 boxes Rhubarb and 177 sks Peas.
Asparagus. SifiiCc per lb for fancy. «@Sc
for No. 1 and r.fi6<> for No. 2; Rhubarb. 50c@
;$1 per box; Aiameda Green Peaa, 3@4c per
lt>; Mushrooms, 4910 c; Marrowfat Squash, f»
«i3O per ton: Pried Peppers. 6(g7c per lb: Dried
Okra, I5o; Cabbage. »#7Bc per ctl: Carrots. 2i
@60c per snek: Garlic, 3@4'.ic per '°- _
Los Angeles Green Peas. : String Beans.
: Tomatoes Si.fil 50; Green Peppers, 30c per
lb: Summer Souasli. -— ; Ecg Plant. per
lb: Hothouse Cucumbers. 50C7751 per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, plhed raw ltc per lb in lots of -;>
lbs: sliced desiccated. IC?TISc: granulated raw.
130- Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c: new. lSc:
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
■ 25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
I Prices were largely ;- nominal . yesterday. in
: the absence of stock. Eastern Hens are quoted
at $5 rwr,«lozen. •' . .'."'■" \ ..-' . -<'"■ . ■-. '
i POULTRY— Turkeys. 9®loc i.' for X Gob
blers • and 10@llc for Hens dressed Turkeys
12@14c - per lb : Geese. : per : pair . »' $1 60@l (O j
Gosling. $2 L's<fj 2 50: Ducks, $*<ii!> for old and
' $6 3CWT7 50 for younit: Hens. $3 50@4 50: Roos
ters, you $6 StOT: Roosters, old. |3 50®4;
. Fryers, $5 50(fi>6; Broilers, |4@5 for large. J3@4
for small: PlKeons. $2@2 25 per doxen for young
- and $1 2801 H for old.
i : GAME— Nominal. ~. . ..  <r-J
I : BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was no change In any description yes
.;' terday. The feeling In Butter and Egg» 'wai
steady, and In Cheese weak. . ■ ■
BUTTFR - " ■ ■ '- • j
Creamer} Fancy creameries. 17ff?18c: sec
onds, 16(fri6'ic. • . ■'
i Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@16c; second
gradts,l4®l«4c per lb. -,-., .' „,,,„,
Eastern • Butter— rveamery,- •16@16V4e;- ladle
paeked. 14913 c per lb. .
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9c: common
to good; *''(S : .r; ('ream Cheddar, = 10@llc; ioung
America. lOfiflc; Western. ll@12c; Eastern, 12»4
@13Uc per lb.
" EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ll@l2c per dozen: store .
Eggs, lO'-fftiic. . . ;
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
■ ■ .• '.. ■ ■ ■ ■ i
Strawberries will be looked for this week if
the weather is favorable.
: The market shows ;no change. Receipts of
Oranges were larger, being. nine cars.
DECIDUOUS FKUITS—
Apples. IflfMiflr per box for common. 65@90c
for pood to choice and $1@125 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 Bo#
275: Seedlings. 7oc@slso: Mandarins, Jl@l 25for
lar^e and r>os?7ac for ' small boxes: Japanese
Mandarins, $1« I 50; Grape. Fruit, *1 5f"?(3
per - box: Lemons. 75c® $1 for common and
$1 2»fr\ 7," for pood to choice; Mexican Limes.
$s<lis GO; California Limes*. In small boxes, SOc®
$1; Bananas, $1 Z&G2 25 per bunch; Flne
i apples. $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3-140
4%c for 40-50"s, SVi'SS^ic for 50-60's, t%OS%C
for 60-70 - 2Vi@2%c for 70-SO's. I%<&2V»c for 80
90's, l^@l%c for 90-100's; Peaches, 2%©4 c;
fancy, 4' '3uc: peeled. 10®12V4c; Apricots. s@6c
for Royals and 7®7%c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, G%@7Vic: sun-dried,
4@sc; Black Figs, in sacks, 2@24c; Plums.
l «'3i%.c for pitted and l<g>lV*c for unpitted;
bleached Plums. s<3>sVic; • Nectarlneg. 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%@1%c for quarters
and 3@5%c for halves, according to color, etc.
. RAISINS— IVi@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3Hc for four-crown, 4Hc for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and }l@
110 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c. . .
Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
lt>; Walnuts. s@6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
•oftshell; Almonds, 2V4@3&c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4@EHc for Eastern and 4fec ' for California;
Pecans, 6V4@Bc; Filberts, S',4@loc; Brazil Nuts,
B(g'9c per It); Cocoanuts, $4 Bo@s per 100.
HONEY— New Comb. B@loc for bright and 5@
7c for lower grades; new water-white extract
ed, 4%@5c; light amber extracted, 3\@4>4c
P *BEESWAX- 23@25c per lb.
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per lt>.
PROVISIONS.
Tradp continues dull at unchanged quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9^c per lb for
heavy, 9%»c for light medium. 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10&@llc; .Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef, $9 per bbl: extra
mess do, $10; family do, $11@12; Salt Pork.
19; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, $18;
mess. $16: Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
— Eastern tierces quoted at s'^c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tierces. sVic per lb for compound
and 6,*.c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-It>
tins, 7>4c; do Tb. Sc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6Vs@6%c; packages,
less than 300 rbs— l-It> palls. 60 in a case. B%c;
3-lt> pr. ils, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-!b pails. 12 In a
case, S'/4c; 10-H) pails, 6 in a case, SV»c» 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets,
20 tt>s net, 7%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue weak and quiet, and the ten- ,
dency Is toward lower prices. Wool and Hops ;
are dull, as usual.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
lOHc; medium. 9Vjc; light. 9c; Cowhides,
So: stags. 6c: salted Kip. 10c; Calf, lie: dry
Hides, 16Uftl7c; culls and brands, 13®13 l ie;
dry Kip and Veal, 13Vi<fTl4V4c; dry Calf. 17V4 ;
@l9Hc: culls. 16c: Goatskins. 30@37%c each;
Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer. 25
<g3Pc per Tb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short wool. 40@
70c each; medium, 70<g9Oc; long wools, 90c@
$1 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3Vic per lt>: No.
2, 2@2V*c; refined. sc; Grease. 2@2 I*c.1 *c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9®llc; free Northern. 12
@13c; do defective. 9©llc per tb.
HOPS— OId crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop. ll<@l4c per Tb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton and Pork are easy and quiet. Prices
for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%@7c: second quality,
s\*&<k-: third quality, 4©sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. G<S6Vic; small, T^l^c per Ib.
Mt'TTON— Wethers. 9e; Ewes, BV4@9c per Ib.
LAMU— Spring, lOfjllc per rb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4«ic for large. 4»4U?4Vsc
tar small and •15j,<?j4-\c for medium; stock Hogs,
W3Vic; dretscd Hogs, 6(jj~c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel
lington. $10; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
land, $10 In bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. US; Cannel, $10 per ton;
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $9; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SCO \R— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6*c; Powdered. 6Vic; Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A, o%c; Mag
nolia A sVic; Extra C, s>rSic: Golden C. 6c;
Candy Granulated, 5%c: California A. 5%c per
lb: half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes He more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. March 12.
Flour, qr sks ... 9.320 ; Hay. tons 213
Wheat, ctls 65.520 ; Straw, tons 67
Barley, ctls 760 Lime, bbls 240
Corn, ctls ....... 330 Chicory, bbls .... 10
Cheese, ctls *..,. 58 Wool, ba es 2
Butter, ctls 275 1 Pelts, bdls 255
Potatoes sks ... 2. 25 1 Hides, no oSO
Onions, sks gr.Wine gals 69.600
Bran sks 680 ! Leather, rolls ... 140
Middlings, sks .. 200; Eggs, doz 16,230
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 15. 403 j Onions, sks 2?G
Wheat ctls .... 2.500 Middlings, sks .. 253
Oats, 'ctls 1.455 Shorts, sks 445
Potatoes, sks ... 4,254 i
THE STOCKJKARKET.
All classe* of stocks were more or less quiet
yesterday, as usual on Saturday, and quota
tions showed no change worthy of note.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 25 cents per share,
i amounting to $37,500, making a total of $1,462,-
I 500 to date.
The Mercur Mining Company of Utah has
! declared a dividend of IS cent 3 per share,
i amounting to $36,000, payable March 20, mak
! ing a total of 5i>94.000 to date.
At the recently held annual meeting of the
Cadmus Mining Company of Nevada County
the following directors were elected: Charles
i «tenp Ernst Kuech, Charles F. Sohultz, J.
I p Spaldlng and L. Restless. The board organ
j lzed by electing Charles Stepp president, Ernst
! Keuch vice-president. Joseph Straub secretary
and the Bank of California treasurer. Charles
Kahl was retained as superintendent.
The Richmond Gold Mining Company of
' Butte County has levied an assessment of 1
! cent per share, delinquent April 9.
The Marina Martscano Gold Mining Com
psmy of Shasta County has levied an assess
ment of !* cents per share, delinquent April 11.
The Gold Mountain Mining Company of Mon
! tana paid a dividend of 2 cents per share,
amounting to $6000. on March 5.
The delinquency in office of the assessment
of 30 cents per share on the stock of the Baliol
Gold Mining Company has been postponed to
March 25. and the day of sale to April 18.
The annual meeting of the Chollar will be
held on Wednesday.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Sierra
Nevada Mining Company takes place to-mor-
r °Tlie Consolidated California and Virginia out
i put lnst week was five tons of ore of the aver
age assay value of $11 75.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. March 12—10:30 a. m.
Bld.Ask Bid.Ask.
U 8 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. — 61
lls quar coup. .lll — Fac Gas Imp.. — 91
!4s quar *reg..Ho — Pac LCo 54 55V4
■4s quar new.. 1214 — San Fran Z% 4
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3* —
Cal-st Cab 55. 1154 — Stock Gas 10 —
Cal El 6s 1264 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... 1024 — Firem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. — 98V> Bank Stocks—
!E L & P 65. .128 — Anglo-Cal .... 64 70
iF&Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1.. 2474250
! Goary-st R as. — 102 Cal SD i T.. — 102
:HC & S 54. .105 — first l.at ....200 —
i I- A Ij Co 65.. — 10U Lon P & A... 130 —
Dq sntd 65.. 103 — Mer Exchnge.. — 15
; Market-st 69. .127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
! Do Ist M 55.113U — Savings Canks—
■ Nat Yin fis Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1663
1N C Ngßy 75.102' i — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal* 6s IUH — Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ily Cal 55.-102 V.1034 S F Say U.. 453 495
NPC R R 65. 1044 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 55.1004 — Security 8 B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l — California — 109
Om Uy 6s 1274130 Geary 40 —
i p & O 6s 110 — Markel-st .... 52% 544
!P&Ch Ry Cs.loS4 — Presidio 4*i —
Powcil-?t 6s ..1174 — Powder—
i Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 —
1 Sac Elecßyf.s. — 100 X Dynamite .. 85 924
• F F * N P 35. 106 106Vs Giant Con Co. 4274 4*4
H Pof Ar 6*..103< 5 1044 Vignrit 3H 3\
' S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
1 SPC Is cc 5».. — 994 Al Pac Assn.. — 99
ISPBr 6s 1124 — Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
jE V Wat 65... 117% — Hana P C 0... 20 —
i B V Wat 45... 103^102^ H C A 8 Co. . 29* i 30
Stock Gas 65.. — 10.V4 Hutch S P Co. 444 44%
Water— 'Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 57 63 Nat Vln C 0... — 7H
1 j Marin Co .... 5j — Oceanic S Co. 654 564
! Spring Val ...101%101V± j Pac A F^L.. IJ4 -
Gas & .TSlectnc— Pac Bor C 0... 96^4 —
Cent Gaslight. 58H — , Par Paint Co. 7 —
ME L C 0..... 12Vi 14 j
MORNING SESSION.
i 200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 50
;50 do do • : 30 3.U
L^SSS do •::::::::::::::::::::::::: g»
25 do do ,XnA
$5000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds »S 00
50 Spring Valley Water *"J *'.-
Hutchlnson S P <?o •••• 44 50 "
50 do do ..........■•••••••• :\t;22
$3COO Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 25
1 50 Giant Powder Con « w ■
10 Oakland Gas .". • • 4S 1J
Street — Iftl ,
10 Spring Val!?y Water lul -o
. :
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornln? Session— lo:3o.
30 Hawaiian C & " Co ■•• ™ f^
Central Light & Power ' mi no
50 Spring Valley 1 Water • 101 00
50S F Gas & Electric Co SJij*
CO Market-street- xS
50 Vlgorlt Powder •"•'■": ° *""
MINING STOCKS.
Following were theTaTes In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninc Session.
SoSfftSit" 13 5:,. Sierra Nevada.. Oo
100 Mexican 30 50 Standard 1 g
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ......... 25 KSO Ophir .... «
600 Bullion W 200 Overman 1
400 Chollar ..::::::::: S S«i-".:::::::::: 2S
300 3S 950 Potosi j»
350C0n Cal Va.. 7S 400 Savage ......... 23
600 Con Im-erlal ... 01 200 Scorpion 07
200 Crown Point ... 14 SCO S B & M --"";; ■5?
600 Exchequer ■::::::- 05 1 200 srerVa"keV".::i 07%
200 Gould & Curry.. 1» i 200 ...... con"::::: 1^
300 Mexican 30 , 100 Union Con 3o
300 Occidental 1 80 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 13—12 m.
Alpha 08 09|JuBtlce — 32
Alta IB 16 Kentuck ....... 02 03
Andes ....*lO 11 ! Lady Wash ... —. 03
Belcher 24 26, Mexican SOf 31
Best & Belchr. 31 32 Occidental 180 1 8t)
Bullion 10 11 Ophir 44 4o
Caledonia 28 29 j Overman 11 1Z
Chollar ........ 37 Potosi .......... 3G 37
Con Cal & Va. 76 78 Savage 22 f23
Challenge 25 Seg Belcher ... 05 06
Confidence ..... 65 — ! Scorpion ■•••••v"° ~
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 00 100
Crown Point... 13 14 Silver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate ...... 01 —
Eureka — 25 1 Standard li» —
Exchequer ..... 0G 07 t'nion Con 34 6o
Gould & Curry. 18 19 1 Utah ........... 10 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 40 150 1 Yellow Jacket. 2d 26
Julia 01 03 1
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
|M.|
'.:
Alpha
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Be«=t & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con. Cal. & Va.
Confidence
Crown Polrt
Gould & Curry
Hale & Nomross
Mexican .'
Ophlr
Overman '
Occidental
Potosl
Savas-e
Eeg. Belcher
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket — ......
09 08 08 09 081 08
15 16 16 15 18l 15
10 09 10 10 lUI 1<!
22 24 27 i 2C; 25 24
33 32 331 31! 32' M
08 CB', 09! 09i 10| 1-J
29 2S! SO' 21)' £81 :S
2H 26 28| 261 26 25
36 37 37 1 361 36! 37
78 80 801 791 79! 77
64 65 7ft 69! 69! 69
14 It 15| 14 131 13
18 18 181 181 19 19
50jl 45 1 4511 4511 4511 40
29 SO 29| 29 311 30
45 44 4oi 46 44 44
10 12 121 111 121 11
55 1 5511 60 ! l sn!l fiS 1 90
17 38 37 36 87 1 38
23 24 23 23 231 23
03 041 051 05 05 1 06
sr.|l5 r .|l 65|1 -mi 751 75 175
9Til 00 1 051 051 0511 05
34! 321 331 34! 34) 35
lOi 101 10| 12! 12| 10
22 251 28; 271 Ml 26
THE CALL C.'.^QNDAR.
March. IS9B.
Su.
«
13
20
27
Mo Tu.
1
~T 8
14 15
IT t 23J
IT 29
We
Th.
3
10
17
24
81
Fr.
4
11
'sa.
5
12
Moon's Phases.
©Full Moon,
W MnrS.
*3-Last Quart er
Vlt Mar. U. <
a New Moon,
|W^ Mar. 22.
j -m First Quarter. j
.# Mar. 9».
IS
28
30
!
THE TIME Li ALL.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
12 IS9B
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c.. at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. '". S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In cnarg»
STEAMERS TO ARKIVB.
Walla Walla...
Homer
Titaula
Sftnta Rosa —
Proereso
Willamette
: Cooa Bay
State ot Cai —
Weeott
Washtenaw
I Pomona.
! Umattlla ... .
! A rcata
i Colon
i Valencia
i Crescent Cltv.
i North Forn
ColumDi3
China and Japan.
Victoria and Pu£et Sna...
Newport.... — «•
Nanalmo..'.
San Die^O ■-• •
Seattle
Seattle
Newport
Portiana ....
nutnb01dt...... ........
Tacoma ...
San Diepo....
Victoria * Pu*et Sna. ....
Cooa Bay -..
Panama ..... -• ■
Alaska
Crescent Cllv
Huinooldt
Portland
Mar 13
Mar 13
Mar U
Mar U
Mar U
Mar 14
Mar U
Mar 1»>
Mar 1«
Mar 16
Mar li
Mar IS
Mar 18
Mar 18
Mar 19
Mar 2U
Mar 20
Mar 2U
Mar 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
| DESTINATION' |
SA 1 1 .*.
r....
Rosn
Coos bay Mar 13. 10 am
Alaska Mar 13. a PM
Portland Mar 11.10 am
iHumboldt .... Mar 14. »am
iHuniboldt Mar l.">. 9 am
iHumbolat.... Mar 15.10 am
I San Dlcsro.... M;ir 1«. 11 AM
! Alaska Mar 10
Vic&PSouno Mar IT. 10 am
i Newport Mar 18. "Jam
'Portland Mar IS. 1U am
I Panama |Mar is. El m
! Humbldt Bay. Mar IS. » am
San Dieiro Mar a). 11 a»i
Alaska Mar 2U
'Pier it
Pier 3
Pier II
Pier 8
Pier 3
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 20
Pier s»
Pier 11
Pier 24
PM SS
Pier 13
Pier U
a. ...
Dos Bay.. I
ate of Ca) |
I ty Sydney :
'eeott I
omona...
1r1p0..:r..|
I
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
• t Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by OfHclal Authority of ths
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MARCH- IBM
Sunday. March 13.
rises • .....8 14
Bets.... ...0:0o
m rises ..V.... .......... .\ ;-.... AM.
► JTlm»»
giH W
Feet ™115 Feetl^
L W -• H W
I Feet Tlma !EW.
| - IL Wl
t:
i>.V
54
lU:!!'
0.1
i:-U
6:07
I. ■
NOTE.— In the above exposition of he tide*
the early morning tides nre giver. In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand >. ilumn gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minus sign (— ) precedes the- height
and then the number given Is aubtractlve from
the deuth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
i Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. 1*
; maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
i mariners without regard to nationality and
! fr»-e of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
j office, where complete sets of charts ano sall
! Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
| for comparison and reference, and the latest
; information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
I of Intertst to <^«-aii commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
'■ graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
! nocn an<! la dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
' by telegraphic signal received each day from
! the Untt«d States Naval Observatory at Mare
I Island. Cat.
A notice stating whether th» time ball was
I dropped on time or giving the error. If any. U
! published the same day by the af'.trnoon
papers, and by the mornine papers the foi'c»
lne day. W. 3. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V U. N.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Columbia River.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland. Or.. March St. 1898.
Notice is hereby plven that the following
changes were made March 8. 1898. In the post
lights which serve as aids to navigation In the
channel from Tongue Point to Harrington
Point.
Erm >• depot wharf — This light, formerly fixed
red. was changed to fixed white.
Tongue Point— This fixed white light wa.i dis
continued.
Beacon No. S— A fixed red lantern light was
established on an iirm on this single l*it«
beacon, painted r*d, about X feet above low
_„ Beacon 4XE% N. Beacon 2 SSW T k W.
Beacon so4lThis fixed red light on .1:1.
Sl^-'" «- &S2 sew*
This light and the Harrinst-m Point ''front)
Beapo'n No. 2 to Harrington Point
Fop SUcnats.: Pacific Const. l>9<.Pase-0. also
the List of Beacons and Buoys. Paein= spates
lM,t;.V|;ase 47. Hy order of the Lnite<l States
Lighthouse Board. GEO. C. R -rhi^enth
Commander. U. 8. N., Inspect >r fhineentn
Lighthouse District.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. March 12.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 35 hours from
Ventura. _ ,
•Stmr .Vorth Fork. Bash. 22 hours fm Eureka.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 77 hours from
Departure Bay.
tmr Bonlta. N'leolson, 7G hours from New
port and way jopts.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, 21 days from
Panama, etc.
Stmr Humholdt, 8 days from Skaguay. via
Seattle 67 hours.
Hark Germania. Pearson. 6 days from Seattle.
Bktn Geo C Perkins, Man, ::(• Jays from Ka
hului.
Sehr San Buenaventura, Larnkilde. S\i days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Bertie Minor, Ravens, 23 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramsellus, 27 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Maggie C Russ. Jacobson, 8 dayi from
Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
Saturday, March 12.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms. Guaymas via Re
dondo; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Haw stmr Zealandla. Dowdell, Honolulu: J
D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, Hongkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu: O & O S S Co.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria; O R & N
°Br ship Clan Galbraith, Hinds, Queenstown;
B*r n ship Pyrenees, Bryca, Queenstown; Bal«
f °Br' bark^La Escocesa, Evans, Callao; Balfour.
GBG B t Hg e LurUne. McLeod. Kahulul; Hawaliaa
Commercial and Sugar Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. March U.
Stmr Mackinaw, LUtleneld. Tacoma.
Stmr Pomona. Debney, San Diego.
Haw stmr Zealand ia. Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
P s r tmT O OHzrbi; Yon Helms. Guaymas via Re-
d °Br °stmr Doric. Smith, Hongkong and Yoko
hama via Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Mar 12. 10 p. m.— Weathe*
hazy; wind NW: velocity 30 miles.
CHARTERS.
The W G Irwln loads mdse for Honolulu.
The C S Bement loads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. 355: Tweedsdale, wheat at Portland
for Port Natal, 41s 3d.
SPOKEN.
Mar 8— 46 N 20 W. Br ship Anaurus, henc«
Nov 6 for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Mar 12— Fr bark Louis Pasteur, ho
Nov 5 for London, put in to Vigo leaking in
fore peak.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Noyo, fna
DD A 6S6 S i TORIA— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr State of
California, hence Mar 10.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 12— Schr Lille
bonne, from Eureka schr Helen N Kimball.
from Eureka: schr Mary Dodge, from Tacoma;
schr Maweena, from Seattle; schr Maria E
Smith, from Tacoma. .-■«.- „
POINT ARENA— Arrived Mar 12— Schr Ben-
TORT LOS ANGELES— RaiIed Mar 12— Stmr
Greenwood, for San Francisco.
HE HONDO— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Newsboy.
POINT REYES— Passed Mar 12 at 1 p m— Str
Humboldt. from Seattle for San Francisco; Br
ptmr Wellington, from Departure Bay for ban
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Mar 12— Schr
Archie and Fontie. hence Mar 9.
EUREKA- Sailed Mar 12— Schr Serena Thay
er, for San Pedro; stmr Homer, for San Fran
° TATOOSH— Passed Mar 12— Stmr Progreso.fm
Seattle for San Francisco; Ger ship D H Wat
jen. from Tacoma for I'nited Kingdom.
EUREKA— PaIIed Mar 12— Schr John A for
San Franclsro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Mar 12— Schr G W Wat
son, from PWI niakeley; schr American Girl,
from Seattle.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fte^ Steamers leave Broadway
tlßKlJfcfc. wharf, San Francisco:
1 BBSf^ai^fc For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
i l!Ti3C\3ft March 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. April
KaBMSS W| 1. Tranr-ferrerl at Seattle.
jRHSSTi_WHi For Alaskan port? (from
' a **«l§lfa\ Spear street wharf), 10 a. m.,
NKjUM March 2, fi, 10. 14. IS, 22. 26. 30.
. '•■I Transferred at Portland. Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C), Port Town- ,
send Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and s
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m., March 2. 7,
19 17 22 27 and every • fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam- ,
ers for AUska and G. N. Ry at Tacoma with
M P Rv at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3, 9. 15. 21, 27. and every sixth day
th aft |anta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
ravueos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
raviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenerne.
c£n Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
J&wporty 9 a. m.. March 2 6, 10. 14. 13. 22. 2C.
30. and every fourth day thereafter. .■- _
' For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
i.,, Angeles and Redondo (Los Angles'), 11
8^ n^ March 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San .Tose del
rabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosa-
lia nnd Guaynias (Mex.). 10 a. m.. March 8.
ADrll 3 an'l 2d of each month thereafter. ;
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an.l >*rnir*3 of saillnc
TIOKKT OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
M GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen Agt,..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. ;
CiOP *12 First Class Including Berth
rAKC f 8 Secont | Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2. 10. 18, 2«
Columbia.... • Mar. 6. 14. 22, SO
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern • Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALIi. PERKINS A CO.,
Superintendents.
fMMMmIM s. s. ZEALANDIA.
jEßlllEror HONOLULU only.
•f* a *""patur(3ay. March 12, at
y™^^^ 2 p. m. Special party
Qt^mcjiinj ra The S. s. MOANA
G)luUOII r alls via Honolulu and
/RmPWmU-. Auckland for Sydney
Vyllip'jltsr Wednesday. March 23.
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TD N SPRECKEi!s* BROS. CO.. Agents
J. D. Srhfctht.^ 4 MontKomery street.
Freight Offlce-327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
lU*h ranU Ud the discomfort of crossing
saJ^ipSu!**^ flrst cJaM im:
iT«f)HM\ tmns .-. >.M»rch 13. 10 a. m.
H rHAMPAONE: March 26 10 a.m.
LA WWTROOGnI "... ........April 2. 10 a. m.
Vi RRETAONE ... " April 9. 10 a. m.
A NORMANPIE -.t. t April 1C
l ' For further particulars
v o 3. Bowling Green. New York,
j F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
are.. San . Francjyco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at T
-, ■ p. m. Daily. ■! -■■■ ■-.'. -.-■-■
FREIGHT i REUEI V El) Ll' TO 5:30 *P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone."
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad. - ■
. . STEAMERS: '.. '
T C. WALKER. CITY <OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
JHSBjj Steamer " Monticello"
Mon., Tues>... ..cu., Thur.-.. an.. 5at........
.9:45 a. m., 3:13 p. m. (S:3O p. m.ex. Thurs.)
Fridays — :..l P.m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .."....:... 10:30 a. m.- and 8 p. m.
-': Landing and Offices— Mission. Dock. Pier 2.
: .Telejhone. Red 2241. ; : ,-.; i
For Sail Joss, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
■ : . bieamer Alviso ' leaves Pier 1 "dally : (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally (Saturdays
•xcepted) at 5 p. m. «- Freight and ■ Passengers.
I Fare | between ' San i Francisco and ■ Alviso, • 60c :
to San Jose. 75c. ■ Clay street, Pier L 41 MorUl
First street. San Jose. -BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
CINDERELLA'S BRAVE PRINCE.
Although Cinderella had been so kind
to her stepsisters, they in return for
her kindness continued to plot against
her; and after a time the younger sis
ter thought to steal away the love of
the Prince, out of jealousy of Cinder
ella's high positio-n. While the step
sisters had bee n married to wealthy
men they were "still subject to Cinder
ella and had to obey her. This made
them angry, and their mother persuad
ed them to visit the cavern of Black
Arts to talk with the Gray Sorcerer.
There they learned that Cinderella's
godmother had gone on a journey to
a far country and that, if they could,
contrive to break Cinderella's glass
clippers. the godmother's magic would
cease until she could return. In the
meantime Cinderella might lose the
Prince's love and he migrht marry the
younger sister, whose husband had
been drowned while fording a river.
The bad sisters found Cinderella's
glass slippers ia a casket and cruelly
ground them into atoms while Cinder
ella slept. Cinderella and the Prince
were awakened, the next morning, by
the. sound of laughter in the palace gar
dens. Cinderella ran to the window and
saw that which had caused the people
to laugh.
Six mice were trotting up and down
the ard/n walks, drawing- a pumpkin,
mhl a~T>tadv' T rat sat-nponr-the- pumpkin
acting as driver. Upon the pumpkin ,
■were six lizards. The mice stopped at]
the palace door and the black rat
knocked twelve times , and •> caHgd'
aloud:
"Cinderella, kitchen wench,, come to 1
us as we-found you. in rags'^and in
,d!rt! The time is ended when you can
finger delude the Good Prince by black
magic. H«re, lass, ride with us back
to your chimney corner amid the soot
and ashes.". •' ' \ ' ; -
You all remember that when Cin
derella went to the ball given by . the
Prin< c she remained until the clock
struck 12. The black rat struck twelve
times on the door of the palace now to
make. Cinderella remember that time.
The Prince, hearing the voice, seized
his sword and was about to seek - the
intruder who had dared to so speak to
the gentle Princess Cinderella, but he
looked back and saw that when the rat
had ceased to knock Cinderella's silken
garments had turned to rags; her face
was soiled and blackened with soot; on
her feet" were coarse shoes. Tears rail
down her cheeks and streaked the soot,
and her grimy hands, rubbed upon her
face, made her look so unlike the Prin
cess and so like a scullion, that the :
Prince could hardly believe it was his
dear Cinderella.
Half blinded by her tears, Cinderella
•went to the casket where her glass slip
pers had l»oen placed— -her most pre
cious treasures — and there, when she
found them ruined, her heart beat
heavily and she sobbed aloud, for some
thing told her her days of glory and
happiness were ended unless her fairy
godmother would come to her aid. She
spoke aloud: ' ;
"Godmother, dear godmother, come
quickly, if you can." . . : '
But there was no answer. V •':'
The Prince left the palace that Cin
derella should not feel hurt by seeing
his eyes gazing at her while she was in
this sad plight. But now, when he had
gone, the wicked Gray Sorcerer entered ■
the palace, but looking so "• much like :•
Cinderella's fairy godmother that thfl '
HERE IS AN "ACT" IN THE BUMPKIN CIRCUS THAT DID NOT TURN OUT JU§T AS THE RINGMASTER EXPECTED,
poor Princess thought that her god
mother really stood before her.
"Cinderella," said the Gray Sorcerer
"you have lost the Prince's love bj
losing your glass slippers. He will losi
his happiness if you remain in thi
palace. I can do no more for you."
"And is my happiness at an end?"
"If you remain as Cinderella even
one will point the finger of scorn a'
you. and your sorrow will always b(
alive."
"Yet the Prince will return to me?"
"Never."
A SAD SURPRISE FOR CINDERELLA.
"Then I care not, dear godmother; do
with me as you will."
The Gray Sorcerer did not wait, but,
raising an iron wand, waved it in front
of Cinderella, who was turned at once
into a hideous old bag. Cinderella saw
herself in a mirror and fled from the
palace, covering her face with her
hands.
Cinderella's stepsisters, who were
watching and listening, were filled with
glee, and the younger sister now ran
out to where the Prince was.
"Dear Prince," she said, "it is to my
sorrow that my sister has returned to
her old condition of a scullion. Let me
comfort you."
But the Prince scowled at her and
turned away, hearing her hateful
words, and neither he nor Cinderella
was "seen at the palace for many
months thereafter.
Afar the Prince wandered, over
strange lands and stormy seas. One
day he fell asleep under a palm tree.
There Cinderella's fairy godmother
found him. As she leaned over her
crooked staff and gazed at him he
awoke.
"Arouse, Prince," said the fairy.
"Cinderella has been taken from you
by deceit. Her stepsisters and the
Gray Sorcerer have done this. Cin
derella is near, and she will be restored
to her old glory and you to happiness
if you are brave and true."
"Try me. I am bitterly sorry that I
THE SA^ FEAXCISCO CALL, SUXPAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
turned away from Cinderella. I will
do all that men can do."
"Bravely spoken, fair Prince. You
will haw your courage well tried."
A league to the south of the palm
tree rose a mountain that was all one
ruby. To this mountain the fairy led
the Prince. Striking upon a door in
the side of the mountain, with her
crooked staff, the fairy told the Prince
to enter. The door opened, and the
Prince went in. A few steps onward he
saw a statue, onfwhich were the words:
Stop, kind friend, and take my hand;
I am the Queen of Magic Land:
The Prince reached forth to the stat
ue his left hand, and seized his sword
with his right hand. His quick thought
of trickery alone had saved him. The
fingers of the statue closed upon hi?,
and were crushing them, when the
Prince boldly struck- off the head of the
statue with his sword. The hand of
the statue let him go at once, and he
walked on.
"'Help, oh. help!" *
A woman called to him — an old,
wrinkled woman. She stood on a lit
tle island in a river that the Prince had
not seen. On either bank of the river
stood a fierce lion. They were guards
6et there to koep the old woman a pris
oner upon the island. The lions were
very large and . very .ierociam*. The
Prince thought of Cinderella. While
she was so dear to 1 him, and he knew
that he would risk his life to go to the
rescue of the old woman, he ran to the
river bank. The lipn on that side of
the river crouched, ready to spring;
and from its shaggy throat came a
roar that well might have frightened
the Prince.
Holdinf his sword firmly the Prince
went toward the lion. I-n an instant
he might be torn by the lion's <4aws
and mangled by its horrible teeth. Then
the lion sprang at him.
Crash! The Prince's sword and the
huge lion have come together. Down
fell the lion and melted away into thin
air. So the Prince knew that the lion
had been put in his way by magic and
that his courage had been tested. The
river and the island and. the old woman
had gone from sight and the Prince was
alone in a gloomy cavern, through
which he groped his way in complete
darkness.
From the roof of the cavern dripped
a liquid that made the floor of the cav
ern very slippery. Far away the Prince
saw a faint light. Falling often upon
sharp-pointed rocks, and hearing the
hissings of snakes all about him, but
never daunted, he marched forward to
ward tire light. Soon the passage grew
so low and narrow that the Prince was f
forced to stoop to gv on. Unseen hands
clutched at him to hold him back.
Fierce voices shrieked at him. He
would not ctop.
In the very heart of the mountain of
ruby he found a wide, open space. No
sooner had he entered there than on all
sides he was surrounded by a river of
fire that, as it flowed near with cack
ling and roaring noises, ate away the
ground beneath the Prince's feet. Down
fell the solid earth, and the river of
fire had Jeft only one tall pinnacle of
rock for the Princ-3 to stand upon. The
flames lapped the sides of the rock,
roaring and throwing up great sheets
of sparks like a fiery spfay. Fumes of
sulphur and thick smoke nearly stifled
the Prince.
The Prince was nearly blinded by the
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
fierce glare of the flaming river, and
his ears were benumbed by strange
noises that came from every side.
Above all the din the Prince heard an
awful voice saying:.
"One more chance you have, Prince.
Give up Cinderella and marry her sis
ter, and you shall live. Refuse and the
rocks beneath you shall crumble and
you shall fall into the river of fire and
be heard of no more forever."
Firm stood the Prince as a statue.
His hands were raised toward heaven.
In his dark and flashing eyes was no
sign of fear. No, on his face there was
even a smile.
"No," he answered, "no, I will live
despite all black magic and I will find
out Cinderella yet and will restore her
to happiness."
"Reap then the vengeance you have
sown," said the same terrible voice.
"Down you shall go through the
crumbling crust of the earth into the
river of fire."
With a sound like thunder the rocky
pinnacle fell apart. Down, down,
dropped the loving and brave Prince.
He closed his eyes, expecting to be
dashed into the fiery stream. He
though that his fall was an age long.
His pulses tingled and his heart beat
very fast; but even as he fell he mur
mured the name of his dear Cinderella.
Gentle hands seemed to be staying his
fall. Half fainting, he was laid gently
upon a bed of flowers, in a great gar
den.
When he opened his eyes and looked
alH'ut, Cinderella's fairy godmother
stood near by. She looked at him ad
miringly and^wald:
"Your trials v are over. Look! Cinder
ella comes!"
The Prince saw only a bent old hag
coming along the garden path. Bus. the
godmother struck sharply on the gravel
twelve times with her crooked staff. At
the sound of the twelfth stroke Cinder
ella was restored to her old self. Smil
ing and happy, she and the Prince has
tened to embrace.
The Prince looked down. Lo! Cin
derella had on her glass slippers once
more.
"Dearest," said Cinderella, "I was the
old woman whom you saw on the is
land, and the two lions were my bad
sisters, who were punished for their
wicked deeds by being turned into wild
beasts. There, by the banks of that
underground stream, they will stand
forever, and always unhappy. Had
you failed to be brave and kind, when
I called to you for help, there I would
have been forced to stay. From now.
henceforth, there will be nothing to
mar pur happiness."
"Come then," said the Prince. "Let
us thank the fairy godmother for hex
help."
"I go now," the fair-- said, "and you
will see me no more, for you will al
ways be happy and there will be no
enemies to plot against you.^ Accept
my blessing and now farewell."
Hand in hand the Prince and Cin
derella passed through the pleasant
garden; hand in hand they entered the
palace. One growl broke in upon their
loving words. They looked at each
other, with tears in their eyes, for they
Borrowed in their moment of great joy
at the fate of the wicked sisters. One
growl, and only one.
The Prince and Cinderella lived hap
pily ever after. D. H. W.
PERSONAL VIEWS
OF YOUNG WRITERS,
Hugh Cunningham, aged 13, of Ala
meda, has some excellent suggestions
to offer to the boys and girls concern
ing the pending competition. JHis letter
is given in full, as follows:
I read with interest the article about
"the competition" and beg leave to make
the following suggestions;
That 18 be the age limit.
That the girls, out of courtesy, be al
lowed to have their choice as to whether
the girls or boys shall first publish their
That some prominent literary people act
as judges, one man and one woman.
That as some children are better at
compositions than at stories, and vice
versa, each shall write his or her choice,
and that the best of these be published.
I fully agree that the articles should
not be more -than 600 words in length.
The foregoing letter is selected from
a host for publication because it is so
practical and definite.
Beatrice Bailey writes from Rock
vine, €al., as follows:
Here is my suggestion for the new con
test in The' Call on the Boys' and Girls'
page. lam a member of the C. R. C, and
so I suppose I have a right to make one:
I think that such a contest as you sug
gest would just be grand. 1 think that it
would be best to have all the competitors
write stories, for. if some write essays and
some poems it would be hard to choose
the winners. I would suggest that at some
other time we have a poet's page and find
out who the best poets in the State are,
that is, the little poets, not grown-up
ones. I think the judges in the contest
ought to be educators and journalists, or
else just educators, and the committee
ought to be composed of two men and two
women, so that the men cannot be partial
to the boys and the ladies cannot be par
tial to the girls. I don't think any one
above 17 years of age ought to be allowed
to compete unless they are grammar
school pupils.
I hope you have the contest and I hope
the girls will win.
Probably Beatrice Bailey, on second
thought, would prefer that there should
be five judges, so that there might be
no possibility of a tie. But her sugges
• tion is excellent that women and men
should be judges. Perhaps four judges
to be named might be authorized to
name the fifth judge. What Beatrice
says concerning the difficutly In judg
ing correctly, "if some write essays
and some write poems," is submitted to
the boys and girls for careful consider
ation. She does not agree with Hugh
Cunningham upon that point. The
discussion is open to all the boys and
girls of the Pacific Coast.
The question is asked by several:
"What will be done with the stories
and essays written by the boys and
girls which fail to be placed upon the
competitive pages?" The question Is
timely. The answer is that all stories
that are good enough will be published,
and due credit will be given to the writ
ers. The pages upon which the com
petition will be based will hold only a
limited number of articles. Other good
work will be used upon the Boys' and
Girls' page later.
Floyd Smith. 21 Bartlett street, San
Francisco, writes:
I think that the limit of age should not
he 16 years, because some who are over 16
are in the high schools and could write
very good stories. I should like the sto
ries to be fiction. I think that if Mr. Web
ster were appointed to name the jurors it
would suit all. The girls' stories were
printed first in a previous competition,
and I think it would be right and fair to
give the boys the first page this time.
DEAR GRANDFATHER,
BY LOUISE RICHTER.
My dear grandfather is miles away
from San Francisco. I like to go there
because I love him dearly. My grand
father is 62 years old.
My grandfather has a horse and buggy;
and he has a large farm in the country.
He has hens, ducks, dogs, pigs, pigeons,
cows and horses.
There are large green fields with wild
flowers In them, and when summer comes
we pick some and make wreaths of them.
AN INFANT STORY-TELLER.
[NOTE— The following little -stories were spoken by a three-year-old
child, the daughter of Mrs. M. L. Stewart of Visalia, and were taken
down in writing at the time or soon after. They are unique and so
thoroughly childish— like very little children— that they will appeal to all
who kno* and love the prattlers and can see beauty in their lives and
artless ways. This little girl has written many little rhymes.]
A BOY'S name was Ess. His name was Little Ess, and he had a
gun, and he shooted a long, long way, and he shooted his papa
and he died.
Then he put a picture in his gun and he shooted it.
Then he put in a thing that belongs to a gun and he shooted the
smoke out.
And his mamma called his papa. and little Ess said: "He can't come
'cause he's shooted."
His mamma said: "Well, then I'M nay e to get you another papa."
And so she went downtown and sne saw a white man, and he was a
nice man, and she brought him ho me -
Once there was a little boy and h»s name was Board Nothing. He had
a little brother, and his name was Door Nothing. They went out to
play with two little girls, and their names was Little Kettle. Both of
em's names was Little Kettle. They went out for a walk a long way,
and they came to some water, and they took off their shoes and
stockings and all their clothes and waded into the water. And a man
came along and poked them out with a rope, and he said: "Here, you
little children is lost. Don't you think you'd better go home?" and he
put them on the train and they went home and they didn't go away off
any more.
A little boy's name was Don Loteeka. He was a good littleboy. His
sister's name was Fon Loteeka. She was a nice little girl. They were
good little children till they got big enough to go to school, and they
got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. Then they went away
and went to school.
One day they went out and what do you think they»saw?
A rabbit; and they took it home and et it.
Then what do you think they saw? A goose; and they took it home
and et it. ■'
Then anunna day they saw a mouse, and they took it home and
et it.
Then anunna day they went out and they caught a rabbit, and they
took it home and they et it anunna day and anunna day, till they
couldn't eat any more.
And then the little boy went out and picked a rose.
One time a boy had a cat and it lived out in the barn. And he had
a little kittie and he fed it so much milk it growed and growed and
growed and growed, till it was a big cat — a big purr cat. and he losed it.
And then he had anunna kitten and he didn't lose it. He wouldn't
sell it for a nickel.
A man came along and wanted to buy it for a nickel, and he
wouldn't sell it. and the man kept the nickel
And he kept the kitten all the time.
And that's all the story.
A little boy went out to chop and chopped his finger off, and so the
next time his brulla (brother) came and chopped himself, and the little
boy didn't chop his finger off any more. His papa watched him and
his mamma put gasoline (vaseline) on his finger and wrapped it up. .and
to-morrow it was well.
. Mr. Zaze and Mrs. Zaze and a lot of little children — they was a
family. And Mr. Geeze's family was there too. And all of them were
here around the table eating their supper. And they were all very happy.
Mr. Zaze's little boy was down on the floor and a big, big snake
came along and it. took its bill and put it against him and then it et
him all up.
And when he was all et up and they couldn't find him any more
Mr. Zaze and all the family felt very bad and cried. And they were all
very sad.
STRANGERS FROM
BABYLAND,
BY MRS. G. H. PHELPS.
Babies from Babe-land, who will buy?
Some will laugh and some will cry.
To make a noise they all will try.
Some have blue ey«s— some have brown;
Some look up and pome look down.
How dainty each, from foot to crown!
They'retired.you say; well, yes, they are
For Baby-land is very far-
Far as the farthest blazing star!
A darling boy with big blue eyes
Has borrowed the blue from summer skies.
He looks at you in sweet surprise.
Brown eyes, here, is smiling, too;
• I'm sure you'll find her good and true,
Although less fair than eyes of blue.
Dear hazel eyes. In pillows deep—
I'll let you have at her one peep,
How beautiful she is asleep.
And. last of all, is eyes of gray,
lie shrinks before the light of day;
His thoughts are roaming far away.
Which i 3 your choice? I hear you say
You'll choose this one with eyes of gray.
He did not come to earth to stay.
Dear, sad gray eyes, I'll choose but thee.
Close to my heart you e'er shall be.
And far shall every shadow flee.
Enough of love I have to spare,
God lent enough for you to share.
Be thou my precious trust and care.
BUDGE AND HIS
VERY QUEER PET,
BY LESLIE B. WOODRUFF.
Mrs. A. Voy, living on Howard
street Just beyond the "big bend," in
San Miguel, Cal., is the owner of a
handsome Newfoundland dog which
has recently become greatly attached
to a "make-believe" pussy cat. Budge,
for that is the dog's very suggestive
name, is a family pet, and during por
tions of the day. especially at supper
time, when the young members of the
Voy family have returned from their
daily tasks down town, is permitted to
have the freedom of the nome and to
frolic as she ploases. But when bed
time comes she must go down to the
basement and sleep on- the coal, with
only the rats, a stray cat or two and
her numerous fleas for company. It
was, no doubt, this absence of con
genial associates which caused Budge
to aoquire a most peculiar notion. One
day a neighbor threw into the Voys'
basement yard a stuffed cat — one of
those cloth affairs which mamma buys
at the dry-goods store and stuffs with
cotton for baby to play with.
The Newfoundland was lying In the
yard at the time, basking in the sun,
and was attracted by the imitation
tabby. Going to it she nosed It gently
for a few seconds, then with a warn
ing growl, picked it up by the neck,
the way that mother cats carry their
little ones, and carried it into her bed
by the coal bin.
Mrs. Voy witnessed the occurrence,
and going dowstairs endeavored to
take the toy cat away from the dog,
but was unable to do so. Subse
quently the rest of the family In turn
tried to coax the animal to let it go,
but without success. At nlpht Budge
and the stuffed cat are inseparable.
AMBROSIAL REVERIE,
BY MAGGIE R. KOTTINGER
If bees could, from the sweet wild rose,
A pale, pink nectar draw.
Well flavored by the nectar sweet—
Their waxen cells to store;
Or gather from the violet
Honey enriched by hue,
And odorous with the fragrant breatb
Of the shy flower so blue—
Or could they, from the amber cup
Of primrose in the dale.
The sweetest golden liquid draw
That scents a summer gale.
And If, In cells of finest wax.
Of pure, translucent white.
These riches they should store away—
How dainty'd be the sight!
The many tiny waxen cells—
" The colors gleaming through-
Each holding: its rich, flavored aweet»-
Pale yellow, pink or blue!
How wise would be the tiny bee
That Nature's laws could break—
And, from the flowers, in colors rar«
A perfumed honey tak»32
INFLUENCE OF
THE ACADEMIES
Broadened the Curricu
lum of Secondary
Education.
Were Pioneers in the Move
ment Toward Education
of Women.
T. L. Hoaton Urges the Need of More
Attention to Oral Composition
in tho Schools.
In an address yesterday at the Univer
sity of California on "Secondary Educa
tion In America," Professor Elmer E.
Brown made an interesting comparison
between the social position of teachers at
present and that of tfachers in the prim
ary schools of the early part of this
century. He declared that the teachers
now enjoy advantages that make them
kings and queens compared with their
pedagogue predecessors.
Professor Brown dwelt upon the effect
of the earlier academies in broadening
the curriculum of instruction. He said
In part:
With the establishment of the earlier acad
emies there came a broader curriculum oi bec
ondary education, a curriculum which compre
hended science, literature and political mathe
matics such as were not taught in the colleges.
This broadening or the curricula ot the acad
emies affected considerably the subsequent de
velopment of the colleges. The academies
taught Latin and Greek and to some extent
religion. They added the study of English, and
this addition is due both to the teaching of
elocution and of English grammar. The
study of elocution was held greatly in esteem,
and Brown University received its name from
the ""Under of a chair of elocution In that col
lege. Noah Webßter's reading books and the
national readers tllci much to create Interest
In the study of English literary masterpieces.
Natural science, and especially astronomy,
was the first branch of science studied in the
academies. Geometry was the first branch of
mathematics Introduced, algebra not being
studied until later. The curricula of some ot
the academies embraced almost the whole
field of knowledge. And although the in
structors in these branches were not what
would now be called specialists, there is no
doubt that many of them were men of won
derfully wide and wonderfully accurate knowl
edge. .
The position of the teachers of primary
schools In these times was worse than we can
easily imagine. Complaint Is often made that
teachers at present do not enjoy such a social
position as they should. Compared with the
teachers of the earlier years of the academy
period, however, our teachers nowadays are
kings and queens.
The movement toward education began In the
academies. Mount Holyoke Seminary, estab
lished In the early thirties by Mary Abbot, the
pioneer champion for the education of women,
was one of the earliest institutions founded for
the education tif girls. This movement toward
the co-education of women sprang up in Amer
ica without any influence from England. It is
one of the Interesting developments of English
institutions in America.
T. L. Heaton offered a number of in
teresting criticisms on practical methods
of teaching. He said in part:
Many teachers, young teachers especially,
make the mistake of introducing critical analy
sis into the study of literature. In teaching
children literature the aim should be to show
them the beauty of a certain work. There is
a tendency In the present method of teaching
literature toward teaching everything but the
artistic beauty of it. Literature should be
soul culture. The pupil should be made to feel
the beauty of literature. Unless the teacher
appreciates this beauty, however, the study
of literature soon degenerates into mere dis
section.
Mr. Heaton repeated his former declar
ation that in the matter of pronunciation
English usage should not always be fol
lowed. "Authorities on spelling should
not be disregarded," he said, "but in
doubtful cases an American authority
should be consulted. In such cases the
Century Dictionary is the preferable au
thority."
The speaker declared that in teaching
spelling the teacher should give words
which the children use, not words from
the spelling book. He commended the
old-fashioned spelling match, and stated
that too little attention is at present paid
to oral spelling. He urged strongly the
necessity of cultivating among children
the habit of frequently consulting a dic
tionary.
Mr. Heaton discussed methods of teach
ing composition. In his criticism he said:
We are disposed In these days to teach writ
ten rather than oral composition. The latter
Is fully as important as the former. Every
recitation should be an exercise In oral com
position. For written composition work paper
should be used. I would do away entirely with
elates in the schoolroom. The very first work
should be done on the blackboard and should
consist In the framing of simple sentences.
More complex subjects can be successively
studied. The habit of outlining, however,
should be taught as early as the third or
fourth grades, and then when the children
come to the eighth or ninth grades the habit
Is already formed. Nature study forms a good
subject for composition in the lower grades
Children like to write on things they know
something about, so natural objects make
much better composition subjects than such
topics as "Truth." "Virtue" or "George Wash
ington." Another thing of Importance Is to
have the compositions read before the class.
Tho child will take much greater pains to
NEWS OF THE MINES.
Rich Stores of Gold Are
Daily Unearthed in
the Hills.
Lucky Prospectors In Slsklyou,
a Lucky Blast In the Sell and
Luck Elsewhere.
Recently a report of a "rich strike" In
the western part of Slskiyou County was
chronicled In the telegraphic dispatches
In the usual vague and sensational style
of Buch reports, and the ore was reported
to go $20,000 a ton Instead of the $2000.
which is the regulation figure In such
cases. The latest account of this probably
valuable find Is the following from the
Blskiyou County Reporter of a ort Jones:
"A rich strike of quartz was made In
Spring Gulch, near Tuttle Gulch, in
Quartz Valley district, about the 20th of
last month. Jack Hay and Dave Kingery
were out prospecting and came across
surface Indications of a good ledge. Af
ter applying their picks a few times they
were delighted to find rock that was
heavily charged with gold. They then
commenced sinking, and as depth was at
tained the rock became richer. M. B.
Pitman of this place was out there last
Sunday and brought back with him pieces
of quartz that are wonderfullly laden
with the yellow metal. At that time the
vein was from two to four Inches wide,
and there Is a possibility that It may de
velop In size as it goes down. Pat Grif
fen Is Interested with Messrs. Hay and
Kingery In this discovery.
"Another rich strike has been made In
that vicinity, this one being on Tuttle
Gulch. About a year ago a tunnel sixty
feet long was run on the property. More
recently, however, another tunnel was
run lower down, and it was in here that
the rich rock was found. The vein has a
width of from four lnc»ies to five Inches,
and In quality it closely rivals the Spring
Gulch find. John and Henry Allen and
Dave Owens, all residents of Etna, are
the lucky owners of this property."
At the Sell mine, Tuolumne County, the
site for the mill Is being graded and de
velopment work is being rushed. A few
days ago there happened in the mine
something that is like what is hapoen-
writs a good composition If It.il to be read
before an audience than if It is merely to be
examined by the teacher.
A CARBJEKS ESCAPE.
A Plate-Glass Window in the Colum
ian Woolen Mills' Store Falls as
He Passes.
George "W. Yost, a letter carrier, resid
ing at 1228 Pine street, had a narrow es
cape for his life on Powell street.yes
terday while delivering mail to a barber
shop opposite the Baldwin Hotel. Yost
had just emerged from the Louvre and
was in the act of going up the steps to
the barber shop, when a large plate glass
window In the front of the Columbian
Woolen Mills' store, on the corner of
Powell and Eddy streets, fell with a
crash over his head. In dodging from
under it he fell against the stone steps
leading to the barber shop and received
quite a shock, which stunned him for
the time being. Police Officers J. Hayden
and B. Harter, who were on duty in the
vicinity, came to his assistance and con
veyed him to an adjoining store, where
he came to after a few minutes' rest. His
package of mail matter was taken charge i
of by Omcer Hayden pending his recov- i
cry.
The cause which led to the breaking of i
the window was the hanging of a swing- j
ing sign suspended from both ends by a j
flimsy fastening of screw-eyes and light
wire The high wind dislodged one side
of the fastening of this sign some time
before the accident occurred, and Officer
Hayden notified the proprietor to have it
attended to. This was done after a fash
ion, but the next gust of wind thf*.t struck
it knocked it against window with such
force as to smash the heavy plate glass
and send it out on the sidewalk with a
crash at the time that Yost happened \o
be passing.
CASEY THE KING
OF THE COURT
The Famous Brooklyn Hand
ball-Player Will Encounter
Local Men.
Is Here on Pleasure, Accompanied
by His Partner, Ex-Alderman
James Dunn.
Phil Casey, the world's champion hanu- j
ball player, is at the Grand with his !
friend and playing partner, ex-Alderman j
James Dunn of Brooklyn. They are mere
ly here on a pleasure trip of a couple of '
weeks' duration, and though Mr. Casey
has retired from the professional court,
yet ue will take on a few of the best i
players in the city and in a few games, in j
which the stakes will be the sport of the
thing, show tnem how a world-beater I
puts up a game.
The first game comes off to-day with
Casey and Dunn on one side and Jim
Nealon and License Collector T. F. Bon- j
net on the other. It will be played at
Phil Dunn's court on Howard street, near
Fifth, and a series of games between the
eStpert visitors and the best of our local
men will follow to-day's game. The ad
mittance at these games will be by spec
ial invitation, and as accommodations for ;
ladies have been provided it is expected |
that the gentler sex w.il be there to urge
on the contestants to their greatest ef
forts by bright glances and soft though
sincere applause.
Mr. Casey, who was for four terms a
member of the Brooklyn Board of Alder- <■
men, is a well-preserved, good-looking
and active man of 50 years of age. He i
is the acknowledged superior of every i
handball player in the country to-day, |
though he does not now hold the profes- |
sional championship, having voluntarily i
resigned that title about a year ago, after
the great home and home match brought
Off in Chicago, in whic^h he and Mr. Dunn
defeated Louis K>egan and "William Car- '
ney, the track team of the Windy City i
for a $2000 stake. j
Since Mr. Casey's retirement from the i
professional ranks there has been no
recognized world's champion, though the '
two most promising aspirants for that j
title are William Carney of Chicago and i
James Fitzgerald of Tralee, Ireland.
May Exhibit at Omaha.
The demand for San Francisco exhibits ]
at the coming Omaha Exposition has j
caused San Francisco merchants to take j
more than usual interest in the affair,
and quite a number of prominent firms
will send the products of their work to
Omaha. Among those who are expected
to .make a strong exhibit is the Joshua |
Hendy Machine Works, of which Samuel ]
J. Hendy is the managing owner. The
exhibit of the works attracted considera- '
ble attention at the recent Mining Fair, I
and in case it is decided to send speci- '
mens of the machinery to the coming ex- j
position the exhibit will probably be as •
follows: Hydraulic gravel elevators, !
giants, water gates and pipe, the Hendy j
two -stamp mill, ore feeder, concentra- '
tors, horsepower hoisting whim, ore !
crushers, buckets and cars and engines '
for hoisting. Mr. Hendy has shown con- '
siderable enterprise in preparing exhibits I
for fairs and expositions.
Waller Granted a Continuance.
School Director Waller appeared before
Judge Cook yesterday morning, but, ow
ing to the death of the mother of Peter
F. Dunne, he was unable to appear, and
the case was continued for a week.
Ing In a good many mother-lode mines
these days. The Sonora Union-Democrat '
tells it as follows:
"On last Tuesday afternoon a fine body '
of specimen ore was uncovered at tne !
Bell mine, but the extent of the strike
has not yet been determined. A short !
distance from the face of the tunnel, I
which Is in several hundred feet, is an i
old stope, also a winze that has been !
planked over. Intending to do some wid- I
ening out at this point to put in a hoist- |
ing station. Foreman Louis Page had a
hole put In the vein, the shot breaking
loose a lot of quartz, much of which is
very rich. This was the first blast put ,
off in the mine under the new manage- :
ment, and a short time will demonstrate '
whether the discovery Is a bonanza or i
not. Those who had run the tunnel past I
this point missed the deposit of gold by |
not over six Inches."
Treasurer A. C. Wldber and other San
Francisco people took hold of the old and
abandoned Diamond mine, near Grass
Valley, about a year ago and proceeded
to put faith and capital into it. The mine
was cleaned out and retlmbered and de
velopment work proceeded with little en
couragement for several months. A few
days ago an ore body was encountered
and developed into a rich ledge. The av
erage value of the ledge is unknown, but
rich samples are reported to have as
sayed above $2500 a ton. Several of the
stockholders went to Grass Valley and It
has been decided to erect a mill at once,
beginning with five stamps. Thus this old
story of California mines is retold from
week to week as the riches of new and
old properties come to light in Increasing
number with the growth of faith and
mining enterprise.
It is an ill wind that blows nobody
good, and while miners everywhere In the
mountains are suffering from the short
age of water and anticipating a short
supply for both quartz and gravel mines
throughout the year, the men Interested
in river dredging and mining are happy.
The small supply of rain and the very
light snow fall in the higher altitudes all
over the State promise low water in the
rivers during the season and unless a
season of heavy precipitation comes soon
river mining operations will begin this
year six week earlier than usual.
A system of electric tramways in the
tunnels of the Tesla coal mine has lust
been contracted for, and within sixty
days electric trolley trains will displace
mules in hauling out the coal, and the
output will be doubled. Fifty more ex
pert coal miners from Coos Bay and
Beaver Hill have just been put to "work,
and the development of the mines and
the increase in the scale of operations are
rapidly going ahead.
The river dredger operating below Oro
ville is to have an electric plant, and then
the dredger will run twenty-four hours a
day, employing: three shifts of men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 13, 1898.
HALE BROS.
/ I lPp£7 —^ — -^-^-o- I^— >-~*~'"^ Convenient Shopping FM^cre-. <esp 'fc^^^S^^^m Hg
S^h^P^ \ Now ¥f\r» tfie Snr»in6 of 'Q& t - MS^^^M^^^,
ifSP^Sm&a&aitfk 11VJW IUI. lIDW VZ9JJI IHg Ul t/O i The new Corsets are ready, and all the gh^f JrwyD&>2> >
.T. T ' - shapes that fashion decrees are here in every style. The first exhibit of Spring Trimmings— beads, ■Tj*^+si*%- f» i
(\»ev/ Press Q00<33 braids and spangles— to-morrow. Dress Stuffs will be shown in worlds of new creations. N^Wr IdJ Q Ql F?qf?<>Jtts
Ginghams and Percales, in exquisite plaid effects, take the lead in summer stuffs. Thousands of yards
of Wash Goods clamor for recognition.' The Millinery Department nearly ready to start its spring campaign. 'Tis the beginning of the season. Wo bid
you welcome— look or to buy, to commend or to criticise. *&\
r— — j===yNew Corsets ! The key to a stylish j
[g MWYY VUiatlO. dress is the form of !
GzSZi I (5) '', 1c wearer. The Coi-set . makes the form. j
Vy >byr~l Pi Fashion demands higher hips and the pointed ,
sS^y^Ja ■ « shape, or sometimes the tiny littl-- French cor- [
/*-<j&'%Jjj » set, not much larger than a belt. All at Hales. :
7a^CiS&^ H and experts to 'guide you and fit you and give i
*U* you words of goo'J sound corset advice. 'T-8 '.
/iVI/'A § better to buy where buying Is safe. We quote a
«" ' ' few or' the popular lines t
THE CRESCO CORSET— The only corset made that will not* break at the
waist line: an elastic lace on side gives ease and comfort, a perfect fit
and relieves the rigldness so common in most corsets: one of the most
popular corsets at the counter; sizes and shapes for all forms; short, me-
dium and long waist; three prices, according to material and boning —
Black jean covered, sateen stripped . $100 . :
Black French sateen, sateen lined $1 75
Fine Italian cloth, real whalebone- J3 50
, Expert fitters to serve you. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HALES KID-FITTING CORSET— The best-made corset we have been able
to secure for the money- We call particular attention to the workman-
ship and material of these corsets ;- very easy and comfortable and at
■ the same time stylish in form and general ■ effect —
Sateen covered $1 00
Sateen co.vered, bone bust 150
Sateen covered, extra fine boned 2 00
Sateen covered, superior bone 2,50
■ Sateen covered, extra heavy :... : ... 3 CO
Italian cloth covered 3 50
Ask to see our little French Corset for |1. Other lines, $1 50, $2 25 and
$2 75. ■ • .
. .We also carry the R. and G., Warner's and Thompson's corsets. '
CHILDREN'S FERRIS WAISTS— ladies and children; all sizes of the
leading styles—- ': '_ '- -
For ladies $1, *1 25, $1 50 and Jl 75
For children .25c and 50c
For misses 75c and $1
Special.
Two hundred and fifty INFANTS' SILK BONNETS, with
embroidered crown, lace front and rosette on top, will be
sold at
25c Each.
I
New Wash Goods.
"SERGINE" — Something new In , -; : -
the wash goods . .family, looks .
like a ducking, but softer, 10
'■ new shades, pretty for boys" C)f\r+
suits and ladies' outing dresses; £t\J***
ask to see it Yard
PLAID GINGHAMS— A big line of
gingham plaids, the most popu- IQI/>
lar fabric of the season; a par- \j£t'i\*
ttcularly desirable line at Yard
NEW PLAID ORGANDIES— Rich | pr^
summery effects in 15 new shad- lOv
ings: this line Yard
A big assortment of Plaid Organdies,
Percales and Ginghams.
NEW MADRAS SUITINGS— A ;
cotton fabric similar to a per-
cale, but of a softer finish, for
waists, dresses or children's gar- f £*/-»
ments, some new plaids and lOW
stripes Yard
****-. Madam Cier " Queen " Skirt Supporter.
sEJL^SSa I 53^^^ A light metal belt goes around the waist/
Two catches (shown in cut 1 and 2) .-ire
'ilW*3»^^ sewed to the skirt. The skirt is then hooked
to the metal belt. The weight of the skirt
rests entirely *on the belt, and the Inflexibility of the metal dis-
tributes the weight evenly, not only giving the skirt a sweep and
a swing no other supporter can, but also relieving the weight gen-
erally imposed upon the back and spine. One supporter and
enough catches for 3 skirts at Hale's for
®— 25c- : ®
At the Amador Queen No. 1, in Amador
County, which was bought some time ago
by the Jackson Exploration and Develop
ment Company, limited, of London, sink
ing for the valuable ore believed to exist
with depth is going rapidly on. When the
property was taken the shaft was 292
feet deep, and it is now down to 895 feet.
At the Kennedy a crosscut is being run
Sixty-three sacks of ore from the Coop
er mine near the top of the Canamint
Range yielded $10 a sack when milled at
Water is selling at $20 a carload at
Johannesburg, where it is being hauled
by the Randsburg Railway <r om £ a " ) y > - „_
The last clean-up at the B^ lle ™ c ,:
Onhir by F. E. Brye and the Lozano
Brothers, twelve tons, was 149 ounces of
bullion This is at a rate of about »I*j
per ton. This indicates Klondike here
without the semi-polar conditions. They
are still taking out rock of about the
same character.— Placer Argus.
A Burleigh drill is being put in position
at the Limplnsel mine, El Dorado Coun
ty operated by J. C. Diamond. The shaft
Is being put down as rapidly as possible,
and those who know the property have
faith that a paying mine will be devel
° John Melton has secured all the ground
between the Gentle Annie mine and the
American River, comprising several hun
dred acres. He will drlxe a tunnel from
the river south to the old Poverty Point
section and open up considerable new
ground.— Placerville Nugget.
The Luck Marlon mine at Greenwood,
El Dorado County, will resume active
operations this spring.
The Nevada City Herald says: "Mason
W. Mather, general manager of the Croe
sus G. M. Co.'s Plumbago mine, above
Moores Flat, arrived here Friday night
from the mine, bringing with him a gold
brick large enough for the foundation
of another Golden Jubilee Fair. The
mine has been doing exceptionally well of
late, and a few days ago a rich bunch
of ore was uncovered, where $10,000 was
taken from a regular 'pocket' no bigger
than a washtub."
Tuolumne is now thronged with mm.
ing men whose mines are making them
rich, while others Btand ready to invest
in any piece of ledge possessing reason
able merit. Of this class there are many,
with new discoveries being reported every
day. Our big mines, the banner pro
ducing properties of the world, require
no comment, and by the end of the year
many more will be in the first class. —
Union-Democrat.
John T. Newcomer has struck a rich
vein on one of the Snell group of mines
at American Camp. The vein mills $110
clear across, while fire assays give re
turns of $250 per ton. The ledge gives
every indication of being a deep one,
and the find is rated in mining circles
as an important one. — Union-Democrat.
The Meyer brothers of American Camp,
Tuolumne County, recently shipped a ton
of rock from their claim on Eagle Creek
to Selby & Co., and obtained therefor a
return of $43. There is said to be an
unlimited quantity of the same quality of
ore in sight.
Another rich find was on Rand moun
tain. The Yellow Aster people had been
dumping as waste a vein fifteen feet wide.
It would not horn, but an assay showed
It $93 smelting ore. Another base ore vein,
but forty feet wfde, was similarly over
looked. It pays to look out for every
thing on the California rand.— California
tcand. •
Work on the Black Horse mine', River
side County, has been temporarily sus
pended, owing to a shortage of funds for
the road building and development that
has been going on, but the English com- |
HALE BROS.
fel PT-J Ne^ Trimmings! £.»& ° n *
x|^J»\%r» ? ' Spangles. Yards and yards and yards of them
."ys&fflll L came tumbling in last Thursday. The girls
<4&^*f m %? M worked hard to get them assorted, checked and
\(***syyt 8 priced; but they'll be ready and for sale lo-
\^S-£y/ 8 morrow— across the aisle from where you'll
/K-> / \ g^ ">" >u y our dress. Shopping is easy at liale's- j
//I V~" — " The linings are not Var away. But speaking of 1
" ■ 1 "**• . .J trimmings— well, here's the list.
SILK TUBULAR BRAID— proper thing for tailor-made suits; satin '
finish; black, white, green, brown—
%-inch wide 5c yard
Same in plaid effect.... 614 c yard
Plain Tubular, '.4-inch wide «c, 6c and 6>4c yard *
Plain Tubular, %-inch wide 6c, 6^c, 7Vic and 8 l-3c yard
FANCY "PRESIDENT" BRAID— new tubular effect in blue, green brown
cardinal.' white or black— -• >'-; .
Vinch wide : 6c yard
:
RE>^ MOHAIR BRAIDS— The best quality, in black, white, blue cardinal
green or brown — . - .
%-inch 5c yard Hi-inch 15c yard
%-inch 8 l-3c yard 1%-inch 20c yard
1-inch 12% c yard 2-inch 25c yard
BLACK PASSEMENTERIE— correct skirt trimming; we have edgings
to match; 1 inch to 5 Inches wide; prices, according to width, from 60c
to |1 50 yard.
JET BEAD EDGINGS AND BANDS— 14 to % inches wide-
Pressed beads.... •.. 5c to 12% c yard
Cut beads 15c to 35c yard
' Cut beads, with Bilk back 20c to 75c yard
Prices according to width. Cut-bead edging with silk back Is from 14
inch to 1 inch wide. , .-,.-,..--/£
SILK EDGINGS — New effects in blacks; priced according to width; from
% inch to 1 inch wide; 10c to 35c yard. 1 •
COLORED BEAD EDGINGS— CoIored ground, with gold beads scattered-
blue, green and brown — ' . *
%-inch wide .' From 15c to »5c yard
SPANGLE EDGING — Very strong; made on a solid back; Bpangles will not
come off — ,
%-inch wide..... 25c yard '
A NEW LINE OF HARNESS BUCKLE BELTS— arrived; some swell
effects —
Plain leather, big buckle 2oc to 50c
Bayadere stripe, snake skin 50c eachWV-y--
Plaid effect on snake, skin 35c and 50c
Plain leather, with pockets 35c to 75c
A big line of Jewel Belts just came in; a gilt belt. 1 inch wide, studded
with colored Jewels; very fashionable; 75c to $3 75 each.
New Ribbons.
BAYADERE STRIPE RIBBONS— The latest ef-
fects from New York, the most fashionable
ribbon of the season, a- special lot Just ar-
rived by express.
31,43 l ,4 inches wide 3De yard
3% inches wide 40c yard
NEW PLAIDS — Some rich combinations to
match the new plaid wash goods, wide
enough for sashes.
4 Inches wide 35c yard
5 inches wide 65c yard
NEW CHECKED R I BBONS— Almost any size
check in the new rolors; a special line
came in Friday i rning.
3% inch«» w"w- 35c yard
4 Inches wide 35c yard
B Inches wide 45c yard
NEW BLACK AND WHITE STRIPED RlB-
BON— Stripes all the way from the narrow
haljr line effects to the bold half-inch cre-
ations; very swell.
394 inches wide 30c yard
3% inches wide 3.ic yard
6 Inches wide 45c yard
i& :&05>' A^^t gtr^tSJ*
pany owning this promising property will
soon supply the money and resume opera
tions.
A large air compressor and hoisting
works are to be put into the Gladstone
mine at French Gulch, Shasta County.
Sinking to greater depth is to go on at
this famous old mine.
The promising Lapping mine, owned by
Robert Cochran, Jesse Tourteiotte and
M. A. Brady, is operating with a force of
half a dozen men, and ia reviving the
reputation of Deadwood for its marvelous
rich yield. Several small seams of gold
ore in the lower workings recently de- '
veloped into veins of exceedingly rich j
rock, and the quartz now being removed
is estimated In value at $1000 per ton. j
Eighteen or twenty tons are ready for j
shipment to Seihy's. That ore which is
more of a free gold character is being
treated by an arastra. A tunnel is being j
driven to catrh the rich veins at a greater |
depth of nearly 100 feet, where it is hoped
to llnd them converged.— Redding Search
light.
The river miners on the Klamath feel
hopeful of having a fine season during
the coming summer, as the river will be |
low, to commence work soon, in wingdam- j
ming and putting up wheels and derricks. ■
They will wait, however, until after March :
befoTe commencing, as there might pos- i
eibly come a heavy freshet before April. |
In the meantime the miner will get out
timbers and procure lumber, to be in
readiness at the proper time.— Yreka
Journal.
Work has been commenced on the Jubi
lee quartz mfne at Humbug, just above
the old Spencer mine, Siskiyou County,
by a San Francisco company, represented |
by W. F. Shurtliff as manager and su- ■
perintendent. As socn as the claim is well j
opened good pay is anticipated.
The Salmon River country has had its <
full share of the much-needed rains and
deep snows are reported in the higher al
titudes. This Is what the miners ne«ded
to assure a good season for those work- ■
ing in placers. The Salmon River mining i
district is opening up at a rapid rate and i
deserves much better facilities for get
ting freight than at present obtainable.
The section would naturally procure all
of its supplies at Redding if the much
needed roads were pushed from this side.
Several large companies are now operat- j
ing in the placers of that district and j
quartz propositions are also beginning to !
attract the attention of those who mine j
on a large scale. The district is one of |
unusual promise and is retarded only i
throught the lack of adequate transport- |
ation facilities.— Redding Searchlight.
William Kemp, a copper mining expert, |
has been inspecting a copper proposition ;
in Del Norte County In the interest of \
London investors.
The Ball mine, located on Eddys Gulch, ;
near the old Klamath mine, is being ope
rated by the Ohio Mine and Milling Com
pany, under the supervision of L. D. Ball ;
of Ohio, who is meeting with very good
results. He has recently run a tunnel
about thirty feet from the main tunnel
and . struck a very rich ledge of ore. He
has just finished milling ninety-five tons
of ore which paid him $18 a ton. Mr.
Ball has a number of men at work at
present and intends to greatly increase
his force in the spring.— Scott Valley Ad- t
vance.
The Denver Republican says the figures |
for the output of the Cripple Creek dis- i
trict for February show a gain over |
January, and an increase of more than j
a quarter of a million dollars over the •
corresponding month of the previous year.
The output for the month was 32,240 tons,
at an average value of $65, making a
total of $1,149,400, as against $886,000 for the
corresponding month last year.
HALE BROS.
Domestics and Table Covers.
CHENILLE TABLE COVERS— It's easy to
choose when stocks are new; we are shewing
many novelties in designs and shadings.
4-4 size for bedroom tables 30c to 75c each
8-t siie for parlor tables Ssc to $1 25 each
S-t size for diqing room tables.. sl S5 to £5 75 ea.
HALES FAMOUS PURE LINEN TABLE
DAMASK — An exceptionally good quality,
satin finish.
66 inches wide 50c yard
70 inches wide 75c yard
72 Inches wide .....$lOO yard
HUCK TOWELS — A good, wearable, absorbent
towel, well fringed and closely woven, three
sizes.
16x31 inches 8 l-3c each
ISx36 inches 10'f.c each
19x40 Inches 12V*c ea«h
MARSEILLES SPREADS— Genuine Marseilles,
elegant patterns.
Double bed size $1 50 to $2 15 each
Extra large size 2 75 to 3 75 each
WHIST
RIDEOUT TROPHY MATCH
A match for the Rideout trophy was played
last Saturday afternoon and evening in the
rooms of the Trlst Duplicate Whist Club, be
tween the Mill Valley Whist Club of Mill Val
ley and the San Francisco Whist Club.
Mill Valley— San Francisco—
J. A. Thompson. Capt. H. H. Hotaling, Capt.
Joseph G. Cox. Mrs. Dr. W. H. Love-
Thomas H. Reynolds. grove,
Arthur Brown. Mrs. M. W. Bell.
S. Abrahm.
Twenty-four deals were played in the after
noon and twenty-four In the evening. The
match resulted in a victory for the San Fran
cisco Club by a gain of nine tricks. Total
North and South score, 332 to 323.
The match was conducted on the American
Whist League two-table plan and umpired by
P. J. Tormey, president ot the Pacific Coast
Whist Association.
THE PLAY IN DETAIL.
Out of the 48 deals which constituted this
match 23 deals broke even, and San Francisco
gained on 15 deals with a total of 24 tricks.
Mill Valley gained on 10 deals with a total
of 13 tricks, which gives San Francisco the
match under the usual system of scoring by
gain nf 'J tricks.
Under the new method of scoring, counting
each of the 48 deals a match (North and South
score to govern), as suggested by the writer a
couple of years ago, and which will be tried
for the first time at the next congress of the
American Whist League, to be held in Boston,
a match tied counting one-half match won for
each, tm the score, San Francisco would win
by 2SU. matches against 21\s for Mill Valley, a
net gain of 5. Deciding the winner of a match
this way prevents sky-rocketing.
INTER CLUB WHIST PLAY AT THE TRIST.
In answer to repeated requests the Trist Club
announces for Thursday evening, March 17, at
their clubrooms, in the Berkshire on Jones
street, a tournament for teams of four — open
to all.
In the ladies' annex the highest average for
February was made by Mrs. Hendry, who
therefore won the set of Paine" s trays, the
prize for that month.
The popularity of this branch Is attested by
the large attendance and the constantly in
creasing membership. There are so many
ladles who wish to learn to play good whist
besides the many who do and yet cannot at
tend evenings, that this afternoon piay fills
a long-felt want. Every encouragement is
given to beginners— not only most competent
teachers, but the opportunity of playing with
experienced players. It is a question that per
plexes all clubs — how to handle the beginners,
who naturally wish better players as partners,
yet the better players do not care to deterior
ate their game by taking a poor player.
The Trist Club has solved the problem, and
on Friday afternoons and Saturday evenings
the abler players devote themselves to help
ing along the newer ones.
THE NEW CODE FOR DUPLICATE WHIST.
P. J. Tormey, chairman of the committee
on laws, reported progress at the Buffalo meet
ing and urged the appointment of four addi
tional names to that committee, making it nine
instead of five.
The president appointed Nicholas Browse
Trist of New Orleans, Walter H. Barney, ex
HALE BROS.
f|<&r_>. .ir— Dress Goods Fads ! Brim-nt,
VT£ %§J •* ] fects predominate. Smooth, glossy fabrics.
c /*J^£?ia> & I Green is much in demand. Tailor suitings are
I^Q^y^^ig § unusually popular. Black stuffs are shown In
\j[ c->V/«c ->V/« ® many new creations. A Van Dyke or zigzag
/TvLA © stripe about %of an inch wide, brought out on
/fl \ g a poplin ground, like a hercules braid, is being
shown in new shades and black.
THE NEW VANDYKE SUITINGS— A modest fabric, decidedly new;
zig-zag stripes about three-quarters of an inch wide woven over e_Or»
the surface, resembling Hercules braid; a satin-finished back- O"v/
ground; in new browns, greens and navy. Price Yard
NOVELTY SERPENTINES— A rich cloth .in mottled effects;, a
silk serpentine stripe winds In and out, giving the fabric a <{»|*r.sO
richness and styie seldom seen; greens, * blues and browns; €J>» * —
decidedly novel. A 7%-yard suit for Suit
A NEW i SILK-MIXED BROCHE— A silky effect in changeable <_IE_.OO
shadlngs; would make an elegant dress for afternoon wear; €J>lO
greens, browns and blues. A 7*i-yard suit for Suit
A NOVELTY SILK MIXTURE— A hard-finished fabric, with Bllk£_f.7s
overshot figures; a birch-bark effect makes a most effective <J>l
background; will make up very prettily. At Hale's Yard
BAYADERE STRIPES — The fad of the year; cross " stripes In rich(_f.soi
silky : figures form the bayadere effect over a plain poplin back- tj) 1 '
ground; rose, greens, tans, blue and gray. At Hale's Yard
■ ?;.~\- -± : ~ ■-->.*■.' -? ':'-■:;'■•"'.-; _________ • v ■
A NEW PLAID CHECK— Nice for children's dresses; a modest lit-
tle check, set off by -a silk cross-bar plaid; rich in appearance; C_l-OO
long in wear; fashionable in style; greens, blues, browns and tj> 1
pink. At Hale's » Yard
ANOTHER NEW SILK MIXTURE —An overshot, changeable
ground, effectively sets off a rich, silky figure in novelty designs; (]> J 25
a very glossy effect; hard finish; 45-inch; blue, green, tan andtj>l —
old rose. At Hale's Yard
The new annex nearly completed. Look out
for an opening soon.
New Baby Bonnets.
BABIES' NEW LAWN BONNETS- QPtf
All over embroidery crown, full lace
ruche, a dainty little affair Each
With corded crown and double ruche, 35c.
BABIES' NEW LAWN BONNETS—
Fine tucked crown, full net ruche A ftp
and rosette, ribbon trimmed top, neat TV/ V-
as wax Each
BABIES 1 NEW PIQUE BONNETS—
Pink, blue or white, embroidery in-
sertion trimmed crown, full lawn Off/>
ruffled ruche, something entirely OWv
new p. Each
INFANTS' NEW POKE BONNETS—
A neat little pique bonnet with em-
broidery crown, double ruffle, one uf <J»|OO
embroidery, the other of lawn with <J> 1
lace edge; pink, blue or white Each
The largest, most complete and most rea-
sonably priced stock of bonnets we have, ever
shown. It is not necessary to pay more than
Hale's prices.
The New Catalogue Is Ready.
The new catalogue for spring is ready. A
handsome book of 120 profusely illustrated
pages, showing the latest styles of Ladies' Outer
Garments, Millinery, Trimmings, etc. A book
of value to every home. A complete shopping
guide. Mailed free to those who cannot come
to the store. None distributed in the city.
president of the league, of Providence, R. 1.,
E. Le Roy Smith, vice-president of the league, I
of Albany, and John T. Mitchell, father of ;
duplicate whist, of Chicago.
This committee has a gigantic piece of work i
ahead of it. To frame an entire code of laws !
to govern duplicate whist, irrespective of any j
other code, is a piece of work, when acorn- i
plished, that will stand as a monument to that
committee as long as time lasts.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club of this city
should be congratulated on having one of its
humble members selected by the American
Whist League for such an exalted position. We
know the member so chosen will try to fill
that honorable position to the best of his
ability.
WHIST OPINION.
A fortnightly Journal devoted to the repro
duction of the best current whist literature.
Vol. 1, No. 1, has Just been issued by the
"Whist Opinion Company" of Baltimore, Md., I
and edited by Mr. C. H. Forbes Lindsay.
In the opening lead of this new whist Jour
nal the editor selects a card from his best suit,
for he says:
"Whist Opinion offers no apologies for Its j
existence. It enters the field of whist lltera- j
ture in a humble but useful capacity. Its '
purpose ia to supply the best of what is con- i
tributed. by experts to the daily and weekly '•
Journals. • • • It will be the aim of Whist i
Opinion to place before its readers every fort- |
night the cream of such articles in a con- ;
venient form for filing."
Sample copies of the first number will be fur
nished free to all whist players on the Pacific
Coast by applying to the Whist Editor of The
Call.
Subscription price $1 a year.
WHIST WHYS.
This is the title to the latest whist publica
tion from the pen of the Whist Editor of The j
Call. Every reader of The Call can
have a copy free. This little whist work will
be a companion piece to The Call's "Whist j
Dont's" that has had such a wonderful circu- |
lation.
One of the features of this work will be an
answer to the question "What one must do to ;
acquire a knowledge of whist?"
WHIST AT HOME.
Mrs. George E. Bates, wife of ex-President i
Bates of the San Francisco Whist Club, gave
■ consolation whist party last Saturday after
noon at her home, in honor of her mother's
birthday.
Sixteen enthusiastic lady whisters sat down ;
to play. After the game beautiful prizes were
distributed to the winners by the hostess. :
Then a light lunch was served.
How nice it is for mother and daughter, ;
father and son, to be able to enjoy such a
pleasant recreative home amusement. What
a comfort It is when advance In years sounds
Its first notes of warning — when the eyes com- '
mence to dim — when reading is almost out of ;
the question, to be able to sit down at a table |
with those you love and converse with an in- •
telligence and eloquence never surpassed by the !
glibbest tongue the world ever heard — in the
beautiful language of whist.
Alexander Wigmore Insolvent.
Alexander "VYigmore filed a petition in i
Insolvency yesterday. His liabilities &r€ |
HALE BROS.
That Busy Bazaar.
5-QUART RETINNED SAUCE 10/>
PANS — Lipped, very heavy, ex- lOw
tra strong; special Each
A thousand sheets of extra quality toilet
paper for 9c.
PRESERVING KETTLES— 6-quart t As*
size, heavy retinned, wearable; ItV*
special Each
10 yards of lace shelf paper In one strip
for 4c.
A quire of Crane's "Superfine Commer-
cial or Note Paper" for 12c. »
JAPANNED TIN CANNISTER- |n r
To hold tea, coffee or spices, BVi Ivy
Inches high; special Each
ALUMINUM COMBS— The finest comb in
the market; cannot be broken; will not
♦•atch, pull or hurt the hair; at per-
fumery counter, main entrance —
Ladies' size 50c
Gents" size 45c
scheduled at $582, and his assets consist
of one suit of clothes and $20. His prin
cipal creditor Is William H. "Wigmore,
from whom he borrowed $300.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f "THE CREDIT HOUSE. •• ¥
« Six Stories Hl&h. «
I mi!? I Z
T I ML m, ir t> ¥
¥ Roman chair for re- T
ceptiou-room or hall. T
¥ Fills an odd corner well. T
¥ Mahogany finish, taste- T
¥ fully covered in figured T.
¥ velouis or corduroy $1.75 i
X Three-piece bedroom set, solid oak, Q
T polished, carved, neatly finished, I
¥ bevel plate mirror 24x30; good enough V
i for your best bedroom where your A
¥ company sleeps $16.50 1
Q Extension table for eight persons— *y
T ten won't crowd It ; this dining-room &
¥ convenience f0r...... $2.45 I
CS Solid oak ! combination bookcase ~\-
1 and writing desk adjustable shelves/ «
T lockable drawers for utility; relief i
Q carving and \ high- polish for orna- V
T ment ••••••• ....$B. -»O A -
J CARPET DEPARTMENT. T
Jj Ingrain i Art Squares, 9x9 feet, vari- ¥
T ous colors and designs $3.00 Q '.'
T ' Sales ; like these are increasing our q
j^ Carpet Department. :We are going T
I to keep on making friends. ¥
j M. FRIEDMAN & CO. J ■§
T 233-235-23T Post Street. - ¥
o ft ear Stockton. .; •„■ Open Evenings, i