VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 108.
PERMANENT AMERICAN CONTROL
OF THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Text of the Instructions
to the Peace Com
mission.
Spain Will Be Required to Give
a National Salute to the
Stars and Stripes.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The Herald's Washington
correspondent telegraphs : The instructions finally drawn
up and approved by the President and his Cabinet at a
special meeting this afternoon, after a lengthy conference
with four members of the Peace Commission this morn
ing, mean permanent American control of the Philip
pines.
Although there was an agreement that nothing
should be divulged as to the nature of the instructions,
pending the arrival of the commission in Paris, I was
told to-night by a high official of the administration,
who is familiar with their contents, that the instructions
mean a treaty which would make American control of
the entire Philippine group inevitable.
In addition to the determination of
the question of future, possession, con- |
trol and government of the Philippines,
the treaty of peace which the American
and Spanish commissioners are to ne- !
gotiate in Paris will have to include im- j
portant provisions finally disposing of j
many other matters.
While the Spanish Government, in
the protocol signed on August 12,
pledged itself to relinquish all sover
eignty rights in the island of Cuba, to !
cede to the United States Porto Rico
and all other islands in the West In- \
dies then under control of Spain and '
to cede to the United States one of the
Ladrone islands, to be chosen by the .
United States, all of these pledges will j
have to be definitely and finally carried j
out in the treaty. The evacuation of j
Cuba and Porto Rico will have to be \
provided for in accordance with agree
nirnt* t<i La raaohod by the Cuban and ■
P^Tto IVcun military. coin missions. The ,
cession of Guam Island, which will be
named as the choice of the United
States in the Ladrones, will have to be
specifically provided for.
In addition to these provisions, the
treaty will contain a provision for a
joint commission to pass upon all
claims arising, out of the Cuban war.
It will also include a provision for a
national salute to the American flag
as a preliminary to the resumption of j
diplomatic relations between the
United States and Spain.
COMMISSIONERS GIVEN
CONSIDERABLE SCOPE
Will Not Be Bound by Ironclad Or
ders in the Negotiations at
Paris.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15.— The Cabi- j
net met in special session this after
noon and adjourn. ! at 4 o'clock. All
of the members ■were present except
Secretary Alger, who is not in the city.
All united in the statement after the j
meeting that they i agreed to say
nothing more of the deliberation^ than
that the peace commissioners had be«n
fully instructed. As to the nature of i
these Instructions they conveyed not a
word. Each one pointed out that to ]
do so would be extremely impolitic, and
would amount to arming the Spanish
commission in advance against them-
Belves. The peace commissioners who
were approached on the subject made
similar response, thus closing all offi
cial avenues of information.
It was said that the commissioners
\.-.-rv "fully instructed," and upon seek
ing a further explanation of this phrase
it appeared that the Cabinet had pa
tiently gone over in tho discussion with
. inmissloners every subject that,
in its opinion, could be brought Into
the proceedings before the Joint com
missioners. On each of these, the
American commissioners were made ac
quainted with the view and wishes of
the administration.
It is not to be v —stood from this
that the commissioners go under Iron
clad and unchangeable instructions at
fil) points, for there is a certain amount
of flexibility in the instructions, else,
as one of 'he Cabinet members put it,
the President might just as well have
reduced his wishes to paper in the form
of an ultimatum and have sent that to
Paris by mf-ssengers. The peace com
missioners are in no sense mere mouth
pieces, but having chosen with the
greatest care and consideration five
men, in whom he puts the most explicit
confidence, the President feels that they
are to be trusted with the interests of
the United States. It is not expected
that they will have n free rein in the
larger questions of policy, but with am
ple opportunities for consultations by
cable and otherwise, there Is no reason
why the commissioners should not be
able to carry out the desires of the ad
ministration and at the same time
have the opportunity to somewhat
shape those desires by conveying infor
mation they may require.
For Instance it is expected that at
Paris the commissioners will meet Gen
eral Merritt, fresh from Manila, and in
addition they will there have the bene
fit of a special report from Admiral
Dewey. The3e will be of the greatest
value, for the commiSHioners are not
acquainted with the Philippine ques
tion in detail and even the information
that is to be acquired from the Span
ish peace commissioners Is not to be
despised when It takes such an official
form that it can be relied upon as to
accuracy.
All the arrangements have been com
pleted for the departure of the com
mission and its staff. Most of the
party will leave Washington at 4
o'clock to-morrow afternoon for New
Tork, but rcumstances may detain
some of the commissioners until the
night train. The Campania sails at 2
p. m. Saturday End explicit instructions
have been given all members of the
The San Francisco Call
party to be on board at that time.
Special baggage tags have been printed
for the belonging of the commissioners
and a small paper paster showing red
and blue bars crossed on a white back
ground gives a handy way of making
a ''red, white and blue" identification
of the personal and general luggage of
the party.
A number of stout cedar chests have
been made to carry the books, pamph
lets, typewritten papers, etc., forming
a part of the American case. The
chests are like shallow steamer trunks
so that they may be shoved under the
berths and thus be available on the
passage over, Instead of going with the
baggage in the hold of the steamer.
This will permit considerable work on
the trip and It Is expected that the
GOVERNOR BUDD HEARS THE BOTKIN REQUISITION.
commissioners will hold meetings on
shipboard. They will go direct from
Liverpool to London and there stop for
a day's rest, then proceeding to Paris
by the way of Dover and Calais
Senator Frye called at the War De
partment during the afternoon and had
a talk with Acting Secretary Meikle-
John. While they were together Rep
resentative William Alden Smith of
Michigan, who is a member of the
House Committee on Foreign Affairs,
Joined them. In the course of a good
natured exchange Mr. Smith urged
Senator Frye to hold on to the Philip
pines as an entirety, as well as all
other territory which we were possessed
of as a result of the war. Mr. Frye
diplomatically avoided committing him
self beyond remarking that this idea
seemed to be growing.
As Mr. Frye came from the depart
ment he was asked if he favored a re
tention of the Philippines, to which he
replied:
"I never have given my views on that
to any human being."
m
SPAIN WILL NOT BE
PERMITTED TO PARLEY
Must Acquiesce in the American Stip
ulations or Suffer n Resumption
of the "War.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— The State
SAIST FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
Department to-night gave out the fol
lowing concerning the discussion to
day between the members of the Cabi
net and the peace commission:
The members of the Peace Commission,
with the exception of Senator Gray,
whose absence was due to his inability to
withdraw as counsel in a case In which he
was engaged some time before his ap
pointment as one of the Peace Commis
sioners, have spent the greater rartfof
yesterday and to-day in a free discussion
of the duties with the discharge of which
they have been intrusted by the Presi
dent. Senator Gray is expected during
the evening, and before sailing will have
a full conference with the President and
his associates.
While, for obvious reasons, it was de
termined that the nature of the instruc
tions as to the negotiations about to be
entered upon shouTd for the present oe
kept secret and made known only after
dennite results shall have been reached,
it is possible to state authoritatively that
the commission goes to Paris fully pre
pared to follow a course of action mapped
out for it as the result of the consulta
tions of the last two days.
■ At the very outset it will be made clear
to the Spanish commissioners that, as In
the case of the preliminary protocol, there
can be no deviation from or modification
of the demands made by the United States.
The decision arrived at by the President,
after a full consultation with the mem
bers of the commission, subsequently re
ceived the cordial and unanimous ap
proval of the Cabinet at a meeting held
this afterr.non.
As previously announced, the commis
sion sails from New York on the Cam
pania at 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon.
DIPLOMATS SELECTED
TO REPRESENT SPAIN
Having Routed His Enemies, Sagasta
Proceeds to Select a Peace
Commission.
MADRID, Sept. 15.— Sagasta having
entirely routed his enemies, and, as
Romero Robledo says, disposed of them,
at once proceeds to nominate his peace
commission. The commissioners will
be instructed that their mission should
be completed with the utmost possible
promptitude.
Certain names of the commission up
to irate are:
Montero Rios, Spanish representative
in Brussels.
Senor Villaurrutia, who was chosen
because he is considered one of the ris
ing diplomatists of Spain. He is a friend
of Sagasta, and speaks English.
General Ceredo, general of engineers,
most illustrious of scientific military
men of this country. He speaks Eng
lish and possesses the cold nature of a
savant.
Senor Gamica, magistrate, well
versed in matters of international law,
and a great friend of Montero Rios.
Senor Abadzula, an old friend of Cas-
tellar, and a young. Intelligent ex-Min
ister. who speaks English, will proba
bly be a member.
Dinner to the Commissioners.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— President
McKlnley gave a dinner at the White
House to-night to the members of the
Spanish-American peace commission.
Invited to meet them were the Cabinet
members new here and a few other
officials, most of whom have at various
times been called in consultation on the
questions relating to the war.
CONNECTICUT REPUBLICANS.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept. 15.— The
Republican State Convention to-day nomi
nated this ticket: For Governor, G. E.
Lounsbery; Lieutenant Governor, Lyman
A. Mills; State Secretary, Huber Clark;
Treasurer, C. W. Messick; Comptroller,
Thomas E. Grant; Attorney General,
Charles Phelps.
Santa Bosa Hotelkeeper Dead.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 16.— 8. C. Bane,
proprietor of the Occidental Hotel, died
very suddenly to-night. He had been
about the house all day and appeared to
be in usual health. He had been a resi
dent of Santa Rosa for many years, al
though several years since he spent a
good deal of his time In Fresno, where he
had large property Interests. He was 68
years of age.
CUBAN LEADERS
CLAMORING FOR
INDEPENDENCE
Gomez Joins in the
Movement.
SPANISH ASSISTANCE ASKED
SUDDEN AND PRONOUNCED
CHANGE OF VIEW.
Islanders Want to Control Tariffs and
Revenues Themselves, and Mer
chants Fear American Com
petition.
Special Dispatch to The Call
HAVANA, Sept. 15.— The predomi
nant feature of the situation Is the
feverish and widespread agitation of
the Cubans in favor of the absolute
independence of the island at all costs.
Manifestos are being circulated invit
ing the co-c-peration of Spanish resi
dents and merchants to this end, and
pointing out that either annexation or
an American protectorate would mean
death to all trade with Spain in a
couple of years.
General Maximo Gomez, who only a
fortnight ago gave expression to ex
tremely moderate views, counseling
harmony and patience, now expresses
himself as strongly in favor of absolute
independence or nothing.
How far the influence of the party
agitating for Cubap independence may
extend it is at present difficult to esti
mate, but the fact is its agents are
working like beavers.
This violent impetus given to the
agitation for independence is the re
sult, apparently, of the arrival of the
Resolute, or, rather, of the arrival of
Mr. Porter and the examination he is
making Into tariffs, municipal taxation
and other matters of international gov
ernment which Cubans had expected
to handle and administer themselves.
One reason why many Spaniards who
at first favored annexation have now
changed their opinion is that they fear
the competition of American rivals a3
storekeepers, hotel managers and res
taurant-keepers.
Exactly the same spirit prevails
among the planters, especially the
smaller ones, who had hoped to sell at
good prices the old French and Belgian
machinery for which they paid dear
and Imported under excessive duties.
They realize that the American ma
chinery, much cheaper and paying
practically no duties, will establish a
large central market, close theirs and
push them to the wall.
SPANIARDS VIOLATED
THE ARMISTICE
Attempted to Capture a Cuban Sup
ply Boat — Fire From a Fort
Killed a Native.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Sept 15.— General
Lawton has received information from a
Cuban courier from Manzanillo that four
days ago the Spaniards there violated the
armistice by attempting to take posses
sion of the Cuban vessel Fernandino,
which was bringing supplies for the Cu
ban army.
On board was a gnard of twelve men.
They were fired upon by Spaniards In the
fort near the bay, one Cuban being killed.
Immediately information was given to
General Rlos, In charge of the Cuban
forces surrounding the town, and he
threatened an attack if the boat was not
EXTRADITION IS DENIED
THROUGH DEFECTIVE PAPERS
allowed to land her cargo. There was no
further trouble, but the Cubans dispatch
ed a courier to General Lawton with a re
quest that an armed force be sent to Man
zanillo. This request will not be com
plied with, as Manzanillo is outside the
territory embraced by the terms of ca
pitulation.
SERIOUS SITUATION
IN SAN DOMINGO
Commercial Panic Threatens the Sta
bility of the Government — Great
Distress in the Island.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Heral.3. Copyrighted, 1593, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORTE PLATA, San Domingo, Sept.
IB. — Serious results may come from the
widespread commercial panic that exists
In this country. Public discontent has at
tained such force that the situation of the
present Government is critical.
The trouble has been accumulating for
more than a month, and is laid at the
door of the financial system of the coun
try. Exchange on New York has been
gradually rising, and the Increase in a
month has been more than 100 per cent.
This has caused great distress throughout
the island. Cuts in napes have been made
in many instances, ana these have caused
strikes. Every effort is being made to
avert disaster.
BRYAN PREFERS BALLOTS
TO POSSIBLE BULLETS
He Is Anxious to Get Home to Take
Part in the Fall Cam
paign.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— A special to the
Herald from Washington says: Colonel
William Jennings Bryan will, I under
stand, soon end his war service. Reluct
ant as he is to resign his commission, in
the face of pending orders to hi» regiment
to proceed to Cuba for garrison duty, his
desire to get back to his State in time for
the fall campaign is seemingly paramount
to all Other considerations.
Strenuous efforts have been made by the
Governor of his State and other poli
ticians to have his regiment mustered out,
so as to allow Colonel Bryan to f-scape
the alternative of resigning his commis
sion. This he contemplates doing in case
the War Department adheres to Its de
cision to keep the First Nebraska in serv
ice, and this, I am told, the President has
decided to do. not because his late politi
cal rival is colonel of the regiment but be
cause this one remaining regiment from
Nebraska is needed for service in Cuba.
"FIGHTING BOB'S" NEW POST.
Assigned to a Position on the Naval
Inspection Board.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Secretary
Long this afternoon decided to assign
Captain Evans to duty as a member of
the naval inspection board, and he will
assume his new duties after a brief va
cation.
SET A TRAP-GUN FOR A
ROBBER OF HIS CABIN
Bound Valley Rancher Arrested for
Murder — The Case a Peculiar
One.
ITKIAH, Sept. 15.— Court Barker, who
lives seven miles from Covelo, was arrest
ed yesterday and charged with murder.
The case is a peculiar one. Barker owns
a ranch in Round Valley, and for some
time past has been bothered by parties
who entered his cabin during his absence
and appropriated several articles. Barker
rigged up a rifle Monday and set it in his
cabin su that when the window was
opened the weapon would be discharged.
M. Blanc, a Frenchman, visited tti«
house Monday. He was a stranger in that
part of the country, and opened the win
dow. The gun was discharged and the
bullet penetrated his breast, killing him
instantly.
Arrested at Hanford for Arson.
HANFORD, Sept. 15.— William Fisher of
Cincinnati has been arrested for burning
the barn of W. S. Porter, four miles west
of Hanford this morning. He is also
charged with having fired the residence
of J. W. Lane soon after. The evidence
against him Is eald to be conclusive.
No Complaint Accompa
nies the Demand for
Mrs. Botkin.
Is She a Fugitive?- The One
Question Which Gov. Budd
Must Now Decide.
Governor Hudd surprised the prosecution la the Dunning
poiMoning cane yesterday, by declaring that the extrudttion pa
pern do nut contain a, formal complaint against Mrs. Cordelia.
Botkin. The hearing: of the case will go on, bnt the Governor
advised that the authorities of Delaware be requested to for
wurd the all-important document at once.
He assured Assistant District Attorney Honmer that he
would not grrant the request for extradition on the present
sliowinur of the prosecution.
His questioning*, dnrlng the course of the inquiry, Indi
cated that he had made a deep and Intelligent study of the lew
bearing on the cane. It Indicated, also, that he did not believe
her to be a fugitive from justice under the constitution. He
asked Assistant District Attorney Hosmer if he knew of a sin
gle case where extradition had been granted when the party
had never been in the State. Mr. Hosnier had to acknowledge
that there -was none.
The Innocence or guilt of Mrs. Botkin does not enter Into
the case now under consideration, the fight being on the ques
tion of extradition alone.
An impression that Cordelia Botkin
would not be sent to Delaware for trial
on any such showing as the police would
be able to make was greatly strengthened
yesterday during the extradition proceed
ings which took place in a room at the
I Palace Hotel. It must be admitted that
I up to the present stage the triumph of the
prisoner's lawyers seems to be complete.
Governor Budd stands between the woman
and the Delaware authorities, and seems
j to entertain the idea that the constitution
I of the United States sustains him. If the
! harangue of District Attorney Hosmer
I had any effect in weakening the opinion
of the executive there was no indication
of It. The hearing will continue to-day.
The apartment in which proceedings
were held was not crowded. About the
edges of the room were rows of law stu
dents and newspaper men. One lady re
porter graced the scene. There was
among the spectators a craning of necks
due to an impression that the defendant
was present. As a matter of fact Mrs.
Botkin did not appear. She was, repre
sented by Attorneys Knight, Wheeler,
McGowan and Heggerty. Against this ar
ray Hosmer had to stand alone, and his
experience did not gain in comfort from
the attitude of Governor Budd, who asked
many questions. The presence of Chief
Lees ana Detective McVey may have sus
tained him.
Hosmer explained that the purpose of
the law was to punish rather than shield
the guilty. The Governor did not desire
the matter of guilt or innocence to be dis
cussed. What he wanted to know was
whether Mrs. Botkin could be regarded as
a fugitive from Delaware. He was direct
in his inquiries, and did not appear to be
fully satisfied with the answers. That he
had himself been devoting study to each
point involved was evident. The proceed
ings, particularly in the afternoon, were
not of a lively nature. Hosmer cited in
stances and quoted law, meantime read-
Ing an address written in a book. It hap
pened that he stood directly In front of a
mirror. Occasionally his eye would alight
on a gesture reproduced there, and the
vision seemed to please. At least he
would make another gesture and look
again. There is reason to fear that that
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mirror will be the means of prolonging
the hearing. °
According to the view freely expressed
by Governor Budd, there is no reason for
sending Mrs. Botkin to Delaware. Hos
er ,P l ? aded for v on the ground that it
would be an act of comity. The Governor
was not in favor of extending the sort of
comity which would conflict with the Su-
Preme Court. He did not understand how
the Delaware complaint could have been
sworn to and bolstered up by evidence col
lected in San Francisco long after the
date of the swearing. Neither was ha
pleased with the form of the complaint.
Such was the condition when the hear
ing closed for the day. Hosmer had been
talking as steadily as the flre of inter
ruptions would permit, but he could not
pacify the interrogative Governor. at
times there were signs of warmth, but
after adjournment the Governor called
Hosmer "John." Detective McVey looked
depressed. His prospects of an early trip
Ea§t ifi company with Mrs. B.iikin bad
lost their brilliancy. It was with a sub
dued air that Chief Lees gathered up the
wealth of exhibits with which he had
cumbered the room. Hosmer assumed a
solemn aspect. The Botkin attorneys
loaded themselves with a law library
each and went away. They were observed
to be grinning.
At 10 o'clock in the morning Governor
Budd's apartments at the Palace were
well filled. It had been quietly given out
that Mrs. Botkin would appear at the
opening of the proceedings that will have
results of so much importance to her. At
the last moment her attorneys decided
that her presence before the executive
would not be necessary.
Chief Lees carried his ill-omened black
grip, and from it he shortly drew the bun
dle of documents which he was to turn
over to the Governor.
Upon Governor Budd's arrival he settled
at once at the business that lay before
him. Chief Lees opened proceedings by
laying before the Governor the requisition
of Governor Tunnell for the person of
Mrs. Botkin, the warrant for her arrest
and the numerous affidavits and exhibits
that have been attached during the past
month.
It was the warrant that first caught the
eyes of Governor Budd and he immediate
ly asked Chief Lees for the complaint
upon which it was based.
"Why, the warrant is the complaint,"
explained the Chief. "They are the same
thing."
"Mr. Hosmer," demanded Governor
Budd, "do you consider this paper a com
plaint."
"I do, your Excellency."
"Well, I certainly cannot grant extradi
tion upon any such showing as this. The
first thing that the Governor looks for
when he is asked for requisition is the
complaint, information or indictment that
the request must necessarily be based
upon. Such an instrument is not here.
This paper is not even an affidavit that
such complaint has been ever made. It
seems to me that it is nothing more than
a hodge-podge of both warrant and affi
davit. As far as the affidavit part of it
goes it does not say that the complaining
witness does make oath that the facts aro
true, but that he has, at some time past,
made such oath. Furthermore, it is not
sworn to by any one, apparently. Tho
name of John B. Pennington, the com
plaining witness, is signed only once and
then in the body of the instrument."
Here Mr. Hosmer and Chief Lees both
arose to explain that in Delaware a war
rant for arrest upon a charge such as
the one In hand was considered complete
when it included an affidavit to the effect
that due complaint had been legally
made. It was really Mr. Hosmer who
made tho explanation. The Chief was
pulled back to his seat before he had
further jeopardized the case.
Governor Budd wa? not satisfied and
nsked for an explanation from Detective
McVey. as agent for the State of Dela
ware. McVey explained that in Delaware
a verbal complaint sworn to before a
Justice of the Peace was the custom.
Upon this verbal complaint, he said, the
warrant was issued. The Governor then
Bald that under the constitution he could
not permit the extradition unless either
a complaint, information or indictment
accompanied the requisition. McVey in
sisted that the warrant in hand was also
a complaint, but that no indictment could
be brought until November as the Grand
Jury did not sit until that time.
At this? point Chief Lees broke in with:
"Governor, you can grant us extradition
on this paper, and if the courts back
there declare all this work illegal we can
hold her till November and get an in
dictment." The Chief was quickly pulled
down into his seat by anxious friends,
and the Governor, with a look of amused
surprise, replied that he "certainly would
not stand in to kidnap the prisoner."
Attorney George Knight broke in at
this point and indicated at the start the
one point upon which the defense will
make its fight. Said he:
"Your Excellency, we grant for the pur
pose of argument that these papers are
all right, but there is one admission that
I want from the prosecution. T will ask
Mr. Hosmer whether or not Mrs. Rotkln
has ever been In the State of Delaware."
"In the body, no," answered Hosmer,
"but—"
"How about the spirit?" suggested the
, Governor.
Here Chief Lees made another futile at
tempt to point the way for Mr. Hosmer:
"That ain't it at all, Hosmf-r." said he.
"We are willing to admit that she has
never been In Delaware, but we will prove
that she's a fugi— " Again that friendly
hand at the official coattail pulleti him
back to silence.
Hosmer was unwilling to make any ad
missions until Knlerht had admitted that
the papers in hand were correct, but the
Governor answered that the objection to
the complaint was his and he would not
waive It . „„ „
The Governor continued: "Mr, Hoamer,
I see that this requisition says that Mrs.2
Botkin is a fugitive from the justice of
Delaware; has she ever been in that
State?"
This question of pointed significance
perceptibly shocked the prosecution. Mr.
Knight headed off an explanation from
Mr. Hosrner by saying that that was
■what he was trying to talk about, and
that he not only proposed to prove that
Mrs. Botkin was in no light a fugitive,
but also that Governor Budd had no
actual right to consider the requisition
as it stood.
"It is backed up," eaid Mr. Knight,
"by affidavits taken from witnesses in
this city, witnesses of whom Governor
Tunnell knew nothing when he wrote
thut requisition. All that you can legally
deal with is the evidence taken in Dela
ware by the order of Governor Tunnell."
Mr. Knight then took up the allegation
that Mrs. Botkin is a fugitive from jus
tice and after quoting a dozen and odd
authorities he argued that unless a per
son had been actually at the spot where
the crime charged was committed, having
afterward fled outside the State, he was
In no light a fugitive; that a person com
mitting a crime across a State line was
constructively a fugitive from the State
in which the crime was consummated he
denied, and brought numerous decisions
to bear him out.
The fugitive theory was rapidly get
ting to be a warm one for the prosecu
tion to handle, and without help from
any one Chief Lees got up and an
nounced that he had rather discuss the
complaint, as It was the matter of first
Importance, and he asked that a continu
ance be granted until the matter could
be satisfactorily straightened out.
To this Governor Budd replied that un
til a new and proper complaint was re
ceived from Delaware he could not fur
ther consider the requisition. Governor
Budd also required of Detective McVey
that he procure from Governor Tunnell
a written guarantee that, should extra
dition be granted, the State of Delaware
will pay the expense of all witnesses of
the defense to and from that State and
provide for their maintenance while there.
The whole of the afternoon wae con
sumed by Mr. Hosmer, who quoted and
argued from authorities without end, try
ing to substantiate his "constructive
fugitive" theory.
Governor Budd made a number of strik
ing points during the day's proceedings.
He showed that section 77S of the Penal
Code of California provides that had Mrs.
Botkin mailed the box of bonbons in
Delaware and persons were poisoned here
she could be tried in this State. To re
verse the case, he stated. that no law can
be tound in Delaware under which, in the
present circumstances, a person could ue
tried there; consequently, the alleged
poisoner must be tried where the crime
originated.
The section quoted by the Governor
reads as follows; "When the commission
of a public offense commenced without
the State is consummated within its
boundaries, the defendant is liable to pun
ishment therefor in this State, though he
was out of the State at the time'of the
commission of the offense charged. If he
consummated it in this State, through the
intervention of an innocent or guilty
ag* nt, or any other means proceeding dl
rectly from himself, In sucfi case the ju
risdiction i« In the county in which the
offense is consummated."
The Governor also cited another Dela
ware law. He said if a crime begins in
the miiHt northerly county of that State
end is not consummated until the most
Southerly county be reached, it must be
tried in the county where it originated.
The authorities of Delaware are trying to
do the opposite In this case.
If parties in different States enter into
an agreement, the moment that agree
ment is mailed it goes into effect, as once
it Ik placed In the postofTice it has gone
beyond the control of the person sending
it. He can neither recall it nor follow it.
The Governor's wit bubbled over sev
eral times, brightening the somber pro
ceedings. He took exception to the con
struction placed by Mr. Hosmer on a cer
tain legal decision, saying: "I have done
many brash things in my time, but I
never went up against the constitution of
the United States, and 1 don't think I
want to do so now. You cannot construe
lawa to lit any particular o&ae at your
pleasui
chief Lees was present at the inquiry,
apparently acting as prosecuting attor
ney, judge, Jury and all. although it is
generally Bupposed that his duty is only
to apprehend criminals, tile courts doing
the balance. He has recently said that he
kn.-w more law than all the attorneys in
terested In the i ase. When Governor Budd
noted the marked defect in the papers,
wherein they make a recital of facts and
not a complaint, there was a feeling of
pity for the poor old- Chief. With all his
knowleilfo- of law, ho had overlooked this
point. Seeing the predicament of Leea,
the attorneys for the defense waived tnis
irregularity, in order to soften the blow.
The argument will be tak°n up again at
n o'clock tiiis morning, and will bear
solely upon the question of whether Mrs.
Botkin is a fugitive from the State of
Delaware.
LITTLE MISS PARLOW
ON THE VIOLIN
HER AGE IS SEVEN AND HER \
TONE PRODIGIOUS.
An Enjoyable Concert That Should
Have Netted Enough, to Send
Her Back to the Nursery.
Kathleen Parlow, a delicate chit of a
little girl, age 7, played the violin at the
Sherman-Clay Hall last night and cap
tured the hearts and ears of a large audi
ence. As a rule the youngster prodigy is
a nuisance and a bore to the public, and
a reproach to the parent or guardian who
permits it to be out of bed and working.
Of course there are extenuating cir
cumstances in the case of Miss Parlow—
she is poor and needs the money to com
plete her education and all that sort of
thing. However, this was a second con
sideration last night, for her talent, if
nothing else did, justified her public ap
pearance. She played Sarasate's "Gip
sies," the Bach-Wiihelmi chaconne and
several more or less adult pieces with
prodigious tone and not a little mufll
cianly understanding. Her bowing Is
easy and graceful, and, while fingering
does not always find the easiest means
to an end, it promises tremendous tech
nique when it shall have been better
schooled.
The Pre3S Club quartet— easily the best
here— gave several delightful numbers;
and two of its members, Mr. Coffin and
Mr. Parent, sang solos. The concert was
liberally patronized and altogether en
joyable, and it is to be hoped that It net
ted enough to keep the young violinist at
her studies and off the Btage for some
time to come. 8.
WILL BACE ON THE ROAD.
Cyclers Entered for the Annual
Baker & Hamilton Trophy
Contest.
The road-racing committee of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs met last
evening and opened the entries which had
been received for the Baker & Hamilton
twenty-mile race which takes place next
Sunday.
It had been expected that four clubs
would enter this contest, but to the sur
prise of the committee word was received
that the Garden Citys would not be rep
resented this year.
The draw for position resulted as fol
lows:
First group — Acme, George Ferris; Bay City,
Frank O. Peck; Olympic Wheelmen, E. O.
Kragness. Second group — Acme, Howard
Squires; Bay City, Arthur Davidson; Olympic
Wheelmen, (Jeorge Fuller. Third group— Acme.
I. n. Lind; Bay City, \V. J. Davidson; Olym
plr, J. B. WiriK. Fourth group— Acme, A. T.
»smith; Bay City, K. J. Black; Olympic, E. A.
Bozio. Fifth group— Acme, A. Reldy; Bay
City, i->. <:. Bylve»ter; Olympic, E- F. Rubs.
The following were entered as substi
tutes in case of sickness or accident be
falling any rides: Bay City, Arthur Day-
Idson; Olympic, H. D. Bean; Acme, E. J.
Smith.
MISSIONITES INDIGNANT.
The Supervisors Urged to Fulfill a
Previous Promise.
At a meeting of the Potrero and Mission
Improvement Club last night the neglect
of the Supervisors In ignoring their
former promise to provide sufficient
money to erect a new county hospital was
severely censured.
A motion was carried authorizing Chair
man T. B. Slevin to appoint a committee
of ten members of the club as a delegation
to wait <>n the Supervisors on Monday and
urge them to embody in the tax levy
$4<H>.ooo for the erection of the hospital as
heretofore announced.
Workmen Entertain.
The patriotic entertainment given in
Odd Fellows' Hall last night by the grand
officers and subordinate lodges of the An
cient Order of United Workmen was a
success in every way. The hall was pro
fusely decorated with the national colors
and the emblems of the order. The stage
was occupied by Past Supreme Master
W. H. Jordan and a number of past grand
officers. Addresses were made by Deputy
Grand Master Danforth, Grand Master
Bahrs and Past Master W. H. Barnes,
after which an excellent musical and lit
erary entertainment was given.
"LEST WE EPRGET."
Professor Jordan on the War and Its
Heritages.
Professor David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University delivered a discourse be
fore the Cymrodorion Society in Cam
brian Hall last night. His subject was
"Lest We Forget." It was a brilliant
review of the martial history of our coun
try, a commentary on the war with
Spain and the many grave responsibilities
it has brought to the people of the United
States. Referring to the late conflict he
eaid that the result was expected; that
it was one of the three great war crises
through which this country has found it
Incumbent to pass.
The war with Spain, he said, had three
Incentives. One for revenge, one for hu
manity and one for expansion of terri
tory. The question which the Govern
ment and the people of the United States
will now have to solve is: What form of
government will be best for the people of
these new lands of conquest? The in
habitants of the Spanish colonies have
not the remotest idea of governing them
in a civilized manner. Hence it will be
come a necessity for our people to re
main in control of these countries until
such time as the Inhabitants gain an
idea of self-government. Otherwise Cuba
would be no better off than are the South
American republics, in which cut-taroats
and thugs rule by the right of might.
In concluding his remarks Professor
Jordan scored the officials in Washington,
who, he said, are responsible for the
needless deaths of so many of the volun
teer soldiers. Incompetency was also to
be found among many of the commis
sioned officers appointed by political Gov
ernors of States, who often selected men
in no way fitted for the responsible duties
they were called upon to perform.
The management of the navy under
competent officers was vividly compared
with "the mismanagement of the army."
MEXICAN INDEPENDENCE.
The Anniversary to Be Celebrated
This Evening by the Local Mexi
can Colony. /
To-day is the eighty-seventh anniver
sary of the independence of Mexico, which
for 300 years suffered under the oppression
and avarice of Spanish rule. This anni
versary is a great event in the sister re
public, and it will be enthusiastically cele
j brated this evening by the 5000 Mexicans
in San Francisco, whoso love for their
native land is very strong. The following
programme will be carried out:
Odd Fellows' Hall: Overature (Schauspiel)
by the Golden Gate Orchestra; Installation of
the Mexican celebration committee; reading of
! the Declaration o£ Independence by A. de la
Torre Jr.; march, "Independence." by the or
chestra, dedicated to the celebration committee
by i'r ifessor M. A. Ohlmeyer; address by Maj ir
I Phelan; S"lo. "Xor. Torno" (Romanza). by Mlfs
! Bertha Gallardo; oration in Spanish, by Fran
els-.eo Carranza; solo, "For All Eternity," liy
Miss Angelique Dutreux; oration in Knglish,
by Hon. A. B. Treadwell; harp solo, by Mrs.
J. T. Fitzsimmons; "Star Spangled Banner,"
by Miss Nellie O'Rourke and a chorus of
eeventy-flve young ladles and gentlemen; origi
nal poem, by the poet of the day, Rafael Ser
rano; »010, "The Shadow Song" from the opera
"Dinorah," by Mrs. Bertha Adams; skirt
dance, Miss Cera Davis; solo, "L.'ho I'er
duta" (Romania), by Mr. A. L. Daniels; solos
! the Mexican national hymn, sung by M!hh
; Angelique Dutreux, Mrs. Carmen Ybarra, Mrs.
Bertha Adams, Miss Justlna Perez and the fol
l.>\vini? chorus of ladles and gentlemen: Miss
Angeline Dutreux. Mrs. Bertha Adajns, Mrs.
T. J. Fitzsimmons, Miss Cora Davis. Misd Nel
lie O'Rourke, Miss Bertha Gallardo, Mlbs C.
Pareyon, Miss Hattle Oodair, Miss Henrietta
Qodair, Mrs. C. Ybarra Miss Carrie Ere
zuma, Miss Emily Murat, Miss Sophie
Mersich. Miss Dora Dutreux. Miss Trinidad
Ramirez, Miss Annie Buckley, Miss Virginia
Valencia, Miss Juanita Adams, Miss Edna
Adams. Miss Justina Perez, Miss Jesus Mon
tero; Messrs. R. Higuera. C. Aderbach, E.
Hermtda, A. "Williams. R. Serrano. F. Car-
I ranza, A. Mesple, F. Arteche, M. Merich, E.
1 Ybarra, C. B. Garcia, M. Ramirez. G. Mendez,
I >. L. Daniels, M. Valverde. R. G. Gallardo.
The concert will be under the direction
jof Professor Martin Ohlmeyer. The cele
! bration will conclude with a ball.
CADETS APPRECIATED.
League of the Cross Band Played to
a Large uathering List Night.
Metropolitan Temple w.i; crowded last
evening, the occasion being the second an
nual concert of the League of the Cross
Cadets Band. The selections were well
received by an appreciative audience and
encor?s were many. Following was the
programme rendered:
March, "The Protectorate" (Charles H.
Smith). Kespectfully dedicated to the First
Regiment, League of the Cross, L. C. C. Band;
overture. "Jolly Robbers" (Suppe), L. C. C.
Band; brass quartet selections, the Cebella
Quartet, Messrs. Murray, Gilstrap, Davis and
Bilvas; grand operatic selection, "The Sere
nade" (Victor Herbert), L. C. C. Band; song.
"Flower Song" from "Faust" (Gounod), Miss
Daisy Keane; episode militalre, "The Midnight
Alarm," Charles Preuner; waltz, "Land of
My Dreams" (A. Herman), L. C. C. Band;
trombone solo, "The Message" (Isrooks), per
formed by Mr. Charles H. Smith; song, se
lected, Mr. William J. O'Brien; medley over
ture, "Pousse Cafe" (Boettger), L. C. C.
Band; selections, Mr. W. J. Hynes; "Frolic of
the "Goblins" (Edouard Hoist), L. C. C. Band;
finale, inarch, "American Republic" (H. H.
Thlele), L. C. C. Band.
The band is composed of the following
musicians:
Charles H. Smith, director; W. Carl Murray,
Albert Phlnney, Frank Lachman, John D.
Hralfs, William R. Cadogan, Augusi. T,UI,
Ernest Francard, Fred Allen, Henri Llllien
thiil, Frank Lane, James E. Splnks, William
Skinner, RrßiMt Lilllenthal, John tiuinn, Louis
Hun-Is, H. Van Marie, George Ames, Samuel
Leavitt. Paul P. Bernhardt. Erne*i G. Bean.
Frank B. Connolly, J. Dayton Murray, Samuel
Cardoza, John Mclntosh, A'lbtm Morris, WlJl
iam W. Davis, Otto Gilsuap v. AJamiiia,
Joseph Tlckner, R. Albert Silv-i3, George S.
I'omeroy, Ferd E. NewberKer and John Muller.
SHE WAS DESPONDENT.
Mary McKechnie Swallows a Quan-
tity of lodoform.
The first case of lodoform poisoning on
; record in this city was brought to the at
tention o the Receiving Hospital' surgeons
last night. The victim is a middle-aged
woman, who gave her name as Mary Mc
i Kechnie. Shortly after 9 o'clock she was
■ discovered in a semi-conscious condi-
I tion in a room in the Koster House at
] Third and Howard streets.
Realizing that she had taken poison, the
landlord of the house had her removed to
the Receiving Hospital, where Drs. Wy
more and Graves, after considerab.e
trouble, relieved her of the drug.
To the surgeons the unfortunate woman
said that her husband had deserted her,
and, becoming disgusted with life, sne
purchased 15 cents' worth 'of iodoform and
swallowed a large portion of it. She then
lay down to die, but as the drug did not
act immediately she placed the remainder
in a glass of water and drank the con
tents. She will recover.
Call's Boys Victorious.
An exciting game of baseball was play
ed yesterday afternoon by teams picked
from the mailing rooms of The Call and
Examiner, with "Fatty" Blodes as mas
cot for The Call. Neither side put up
a claim of being professionals, but thero
were plays made that would make the
blood of the most esthetic critic boil and
drive bleachers and grand stand fran
tic; but the game was purely for sport,
and accordingly there were neither grand
stand nor bleachers— all were equal; the
man who came first got the best standing
up seat. The players were: Call team—
Coyle. Lenihan. Raubinger, O'Nell, Wil
son, Lee, Lenihan Jr., Sylvester and Ma
lony. Examiner— B. McDonald, W. Mc-
Donald, Cambpell, Moore. Johnston, Hast
ings, Baker, Heller and Hern. The score
was 16 to 18 In favor of the boys from
The Call, who accordingly issued a chal
lenge for any time, place or amount.
Washington Associates.
The Washington Associates gave an en
tertainment and dance last night In Lau
rel Hall, Shlels building which was at
tended by a great many of the friends of
members present by complimentary in
vitations. There was an interesting pro
gramme of musical and literacy numbers
and a fine cake walk.
Photographing Sound, the latest
discovery of science, in next Sunday's
Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
BULLETS FLYING
IN MARIN COUNTY
Revival of a Feud at
Bolinas.
KNIVES, LARIATS AND GUNS
DON PIERSON ATTACKED BY
TWO ENEMIES.
Fights His Way Out, But Is Again
Waylaid — Shots Exchanged in
the Night — Posse Goes to
the Scene.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOLINAS, Sept. 15.— The feud be
tween the employes of the Golden
Crown Milling and Mining Company
and their opponents has again broken
out in a most rabid manner. This time
Don Pierson came to blows with two
of his enemies. Knives were Hashed,
lassos used in genuine cowboy fash
ion and five rifle shots fired.
Sheriff Harrison was summoned from
San Rafael last night In order to pre
serve the peace and prevent bloodshed.
He arrived this morning with several
deputies and placed two of the princi
pals under arrest.
Last evening Walter Masten and
Oliver Longley rode into town on
horses, both men seemingly under the
influence of liquor. Shortly afterward
Pierson made his appearance in a light
wagon. He was called upon by Masten
to "treat" the crowd, which he refused
to do.
"All right," shouted Masten; "then
we'll lasso you!"
As Pierson started out of town Mas
ten and Longley followed and endeav
ored to throw their lariats over him,
but failed. Finally Pierson got out of
his wagon and was pounced upon by
Masten, who had dismounted from his
horse. Pierson knocked his opponent
down and jumped upon him.
Longley dismounted and tried to pull
Pierson off his companion, but was pre
vented by a crowd of bystanders. When
Pierson permitted Masten to rise the
latter pulled a bowie-knife and started
after Pierson. Several cooler heuds per
suaded Pierson to go into Bonati's
store, when the door was closed. In
trying to enter the store Masten broke
the window with his knife, but was
finally persuaded to leave the scene.
Pierson then borrowed a rille and
started for his mine. As soon as Mas
ten and Longley heard this they fol
lowed. They overtook their man near
the cemetery, but he was too quick,
and, getting the drop with his rifle, or
dered them to return to town. They re
tired, but took a circuitous route to
waylay Pierson.
By mischance they failed to intercept
him, but overtook him just as he en
tered the gate of the mining property.
Here five shots were fired, none hit
ting anybody.
Both sides assert that the other fired
the shots, but it is believed generally
that Masten and Longiey fired ilrst and
Pierson simply replied to their bullets.
The two assailants then returned to
town and left shortly afterward for
their ranches. Late at night Pierson
returned to town with an armed guard
and telephoned to San Rafael for Sher
iff Harrison and Attorney Frank W.
Taft. Accompanied by a posse of dep
uties the two reached here this morn
ing. Harrison and two deputies left to
arrest Masten and Longley at their
ranches, while Taft proceeded to the
mine to see Pierson.
This last collision has stirred the
blood of many who had dropped out of
the feud, and they announce their in
tention of entering the arena at the
first opportunity. A clashing of oppos
ing forces or of officers of the law with
one of the factions, with its accom
panying bloodshed, Is expected.
SULTAN COMING
TO NOEL'S TERMS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CANDIA, Island of Crete, Sept. 15.—
An aid-de-camp of Dejevad Pasha
boarded the British flagship last even
ing and announced that he had an im-
portant communication for the admiral.
He said that thirty-nine houses from
which the British troops had been fired
upon had been demolished, arid that 113
of the ringleaders of the disturbances
had been arrested. He added that the
Embassies of the powers at Constanti
nople, in deference to the of the
Sultan, had agreed that the prisoners
be tried by an international commis
sion.
This alleged decision of the Embassies
does not accord with the demands made
by the British admiral, Gerald Henry
Noel, and will increase the difficulty ex
perienced in disarming the Mussul
mans, as It encourages them In the be
lief that the Sultan of Turkey still in
fluences the Embassies of the powers
at Constantinople. It is doubtful
whether Great Britain will consent to
include the outrage on her flag with the
question of pillage and the massacre of
Christians, which are purely interna
tional questions.
Later forty-three of the ringleaders
who have been arrested were delivered
to the British admiral, and it was con
sidered possible that all the terms of his
ultimatum would be complied with
without resistance.
SECOND ANNULMENT SUIT.
A second complaint has been filed at the
instance of George Monnier Sr. and his
wife, Anna Monnier, in an endeavor to
have the marriage of their son, George
Monnier Jr., to Violet Henry, which was
solemnized on March 4, 1897, declared null
and void. The complainants allege that at
thp time of the marriage the groom was
under age and ha.d not obtained the con
sent of his parents. For these reasons,
notwithstanding the fact that young Mon
nier married the girl of his choice and
wished to assume all the responsibilities
of a husband, his parents ask the court to
cast the girl aside.
Lydia A. Hamilton has sued her hus
band, William A. Hamilton, for an annul
ment of their marriage on the ground of
fraud. The plaintiff alleges that in March
of this year she became acquainted with
her husband. He represented that he was
a descendant of Alexander Hamilton of
revolutionary fame; that he was a man of
money and that in far away Buffalo, N.
V., a* prosperous dry-goods business waa
augmenting his wealth. She marrfed him
a month after their meeting, and they
went to Los Angeles on their wedding
tour. On May 3 her husband departed,
and a most thorough search has failed
to establish his present residence. The
most casual investigation, however,
proved that the story of wealth and pros
perity was but a fabric of falsehoods,
and then the young wife realized that she
had been duped. In consequence she asks
for an annulment of her marriage and
the right to resume her maiden name,
Lydla A. Wlleon.
PROCEEDINGS OF
THE METHODISTS
Pacific Grove's Minis
terial Conference.
REPORTS ON DISTRICT WORK
FLOURISHING CONDITIONS ALL
OVER THE STATE.
War With Spain Shows Patriotism of
Church Members Both on the
Field and as Red Cross
Workers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 15. — The
great success of the reception last night
which the ladles of the California Con
ference gave the presiding Bishop has
marked the beginning of a new era in
the history of this conference, and has
given it a social as well as a religious
and business side. With this innova
tion has come a new feeling among the
ministers, and the usual joviality and
hearty good fellowship that character
izes all gatherings 'of Methodists has
been emphasized since last night, as
was shown upon the assembling of the
conference this morning.
The second day's session of the forty
sixth California annual conference was
called to order by Bishop John F.
Hurst, D.D., L.L.D., at 8:30 o'clock this
morning and was opened with devo
tional exercises conducted by Rev. Dr.
J. N. Beard of San Francisco. At 9
o'clock regular business was taken up
in its usual order. After the reading
of the minutes of yesterday's session
W. W. Case, acting for the presiding
elders, nominated the following commit
tee t/n ministerial qualifications: H. B.
Heacock, J. W. Burton, S. H. Rhoads,
George Clifford, F. D. Bovard, C. H.
Beechgood and R. J. Carroll, and on
motion it was elected for the coming
year.
The second district of the conference,
the Sacramento District, was called
and a full report given by its presiding
elder, Robert Bentley. A prosperous
condition, both spiritually and finan
cially, was to be found in the churches
of his district, the report showed, and
adverse circumstances c-f the past year,
from an agricultural and horticultural
standpoint, made the latter point the
more remarkable. Dr. Bentley espe
cially commended the beautiful church
and parsonage building and improve
ments that had been carried on during
the past year. He also praised the pa
triotism that has been shown by his dis
trict during the war with Spain, a large
number of young members of the
church being soldiers who fought in the
Philippines, while the Red Cross work
of Sacramento City and its neighboring
towns was among the very best in the
State. The effective elde>s of this dis
trict were called and reported their
church finances.
Dr. W. W. Case, presiding elder of
the San Francisco district, one of the
most important in this Btate — embrac
ing as it does the cities of San Fran
cisco and San Joae, the universities of
Stanford and College Park and the re
sorts of Pacific Grove and Santa Cruz —
was then called upon, and gave a splen
did report of the work and condition of
his territory. This being a territory of
between 3UOO and 4000 square miles, em
bracing nearly six counties, it has the
largest membership of any in the con
ference and therefore can do the broad
est work.
A tribute to Rev. T. H. Sinex, D.D.,
of Pacific Grove, who died during the
year, and who has done such magnifi
cent work for Methodism in California,
was a striking characteristic of this re
port. The effective elders of this dis
trict were called and gave their report.
Rev. D. M. Birmingham of this dis
trict was appointed professor of theol
ogy in the Central Tennessee College,
Nashville, Term., and was transferred
to the New York conference. Rev. C.
V. Anthony, D.D., was appointed pro
fessor of practical theology in the Stiff
School of Theology at Denver, Colo.,
and Rev. H. F. Briggs was appointed
professor of New Testament exegesis in
the same school. '
P. Boim, G. Guth, W. Schuldt, L. E.
Schneider and G. Schneider, members of
the California German Conference, were
introduced to the conference, and on mo
tion they and all other visiting clergymen
were invited to seats within me bar or
the conference.
Napa district was next called and re
ported upon by S. G. Gale, D.D., presid
ing elder. This district embraces nine
counties, the various charges being at
great distance apart and it is therefore a
difficult field of work. Dr. Gale reported
five new charges organized during the
year in the district. Throughout his dis
trict church Improvement and the in
crease in Sunday school attendance are
marked.
From Napa district D. A. Hayes was
appointed professor of New Testament
exegesis in the Garrett Bible Institute of
Evanstdn, 111. M. C. Briggs, D.D., was re
appointed State Secretary of the Califor
nia Sabbath Association.
F. J. Masters, D.D., presiding elder of
the Chinese district, followed with an
Interesting annual report of his charge.
During the past year missions have been
founded at San Jose, San Francisco, Sac
ramento, Oakland and Stockton, work in
each being- divided into four departments
—evangelistic, educational, zenana and
rescue. San Francisco is, he said, an
ideal place for the first department, be
cause it is the rallying point for members
of Chinese clans from ail parts of the
"Western World.
A strong portion of the report was that
which dealt with the political side of the
Chinese problem, "we have." said the
reverend gentleman, "in the pust few
months annexed 40,000 Chinese in Hawaii
and 70,000 in Luzon, and this will have a
curious effect on the Chinese exclusion
law. There are over 2000 American-born
Chinese children in San Francisco alone,
and the California bear may growl, but
the American eagle is bound to protect
them. These little urchins in purple and
yellow blouses are born under the Stars
and Stripes and their merry voices mock
the efforts to check Chinese population
by Congressional legislation and close
barred gates. The Chinese are here to
stay, and we must make the best of it."
Then, giving statistics to show the great
power coming to Chinese from American
born Chinese children In future legislation,
he declared that since the "heathen voter
in America is a monstrosity," all effort
should be used to Christianize the chil
dren. In this district Miss Lake's dea
coness work is especially commended, she
having during the year visited each sep
arate tiome in San Francisco's Chinatown
and having done much to rescue the $1,
000,000 market value) worth of women and
girls that have been rescued in the past
twenty-five years.
For the Japanese district, M. C. Harris,
D.D., presiding elder, was called and made
a splendid report. The district covers
Japan and Hawaii, as well as America on
the Pacific Coast. Dr. Harris spoke of
being present at the celebration of the sil
ver anniversary of Methodism in Japan
In June, and outlined the great political
as well as religious advancement of that
empire in the past quarter of a century.
He also described the ceremony of lower
ing the Hawaiian and raising the Ameri
can flag over the palace of the Kameha
mehas, and enlarged upon the wider field
for American workers presented by Ha
waiian annexation. "For," he said, "the
American flag waves over Hawaii as the
BISHOP HURST RECEIVES A "CHAUTAUQUA SALUTE."
symbol of freedom, humanity and Chris
tianity. Hawaii is ours us a way station to
the Philippines, and though but a pin
point on the map. It is a point of tremen
dous importance."
Remarking on the generosity of the Jap
anese toward religious causes, even in
cluding the present California Red Cross
work, their eagerness for education and
its concomitants, he closed with the state
ment that the past year had seen the larg
est number of Japanese converted to
Christianity of any year of Pacific Coast
history.
It was decided to appoint 10 a. m. to
morrow for voting on the question of
equal lay representation in the general
conference, after which the secretary
called the roll nf yesterday's absentees.
A committee consisting of r>rs. John
Coyle, 11. B. Hancock and F. F. Jewell
was appointed to wait on the laymen at
their session to-night.
A resolution requesting the transfer of
Chaplain Potter, T. S. A., from the Texas
to the California conference, was passed
and the session adjourned.
The Woman's x oreign Missionary So
ciety held Its regular conference anni
versary during the afternoon. Addresses
were made by Mrs. A. J. Hanson, Mrs.
Charles Edward Locke, Mrs. Alfred
Kummer and Mrs. Henry Damkroeger,
the latter being in German, Bishop Hurst
translating.
At 7:30 p. m. the ninth annual session
of the California Conference Lay Asso
ciation opened in the Methodist Episcopal
Church H. Morton of San Jose presid
ing. The business of the organization
was gone through with, and officers for
the ensuing year were elected as fol
lows: President, L. J. Norton of Napa;
vice presidents, T. B. Hutchinson, Mrs.
A. J. Hanson and Thomas Hodge; secre
tary, M. V. Donaldson of San Francisco;
treasurer, H. E. Snook of San Francisco.
Rev. E. S. Chapman, president of the
California Anti-Saloon League, delivered
the address of the evening on anti-saloon
work. He began his discourse by saying
that it was the fault of the Christian
people of this State that California was
the third worst rum-ridden State In the
Union. Outlining the plans of the Antl-
Saloon League, he showed how far su
perior this is to all other plans to pro
mote temperance. He declared that no
man in America can be hostile to the
work and purpose of the Anti-Saloon
League without being disloyal to the
flag. In his usual scholarly and forceful
style, ringing with the highest patriotic
fervor, he dealt with the subject that is
so dear to his heart.
LIVES AFTER A BULLET
PENETRATED HIS BRAIN
Remarkable Case of Vitality That Is
Puzzling Trinity County Phy
sicians.
REDDING, Sept, 15.— A case that is ex
citing- the keenest interest among the
medical fraternity of Trinity County is
the remarkable tenacity of life exhibited
by Frank Bartlett, who attempted sui
cide Wednesday morning by firing: a bul
let into his mouth. The ball passed
through the roof of his mouth, penetrat
ed the brain and emerged from the top
of his head. He is able to speak, but re
fuses to say anything pertaining to the
shooting.
From early Wednesday morning until
2 o'clock in the afternoon he laid on his
bed bleeding from the terrible wound.
When discovered he was very weak from
loss of blood. The local physicahis made
an examination of the wound and pro
nounced it fatal. A thirty-two caliber
bail went crashing through the brain, and
that death was not instantaneous was
little short of a miracle. The physi
cians had hopes, basing their conclu
sions on the remarkable fact of the pa
tient being still alive several hours after
the shot was fired, that by the aid of
powerful stimulants they would be able
to sustain life until his brother, the Dis
trict Attorney of Trinity County, could
arrive from San Francisco. Their hopes
were realized. The patient's mother also
reached Weaverville from Oakland to
night.
At 8 o'clock this evening no alarming
change in the patient's condition had
taken place. He is growing gradually
weaker, but is conscious and still able to
talk. For forty hours he has retained his
faculties.
RED MEN'S GREAT COUNCIL.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 15.— The Rod
Men decided to hold the next Great Coun
cil at Washington, D. C.
The order is again in a turmoil over the
uniformed degree. The trouble is over
the uniform, the degree being acceptable.
It is hoped to settle the matter to-nior-
row.
The Terre Haute (Ind.) Company secur
ed the $1000 prize in the drill co-ntest. The
resolution to raise the salary of the great
keeper of records from Jl'soo to $2000 a year
was defeated.
&.MERICAN MISSIONS ATTACKED
LONDON, Sept. 16.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Dally News says re
ports have been 'received there of seri
ous rioting at Hochau, fifty miles from
Chung Chiang. The American and
French missions have been attacked and
the latter burned.
NOW CONTROLLED
By A SYNDICATE
Los Angeles Railway
Deal Confirmed.
WHAT H. E. HUNTINGTON SAYS
HE AND UNCLE COLLIS HEAVY
STOCKHOLDERS.
Southern Pacific Has Nothing to Do
With It— System Will Be Im
proved and Made One of
the Best.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 15.— The news
of the deal whereby the property of
the Los Angeles Railway Company
passes Into the hands of a syndicate of
which C. P. Huntington and H. E.
Huntington are the leading spirits is
fully confirmed.
H. E. Huntington arrived in the city
to-day in his private car for the pur
pose of arranging details of the trans
fer, which will be made at as early a
date as possible. In the meantime the
new company will form its organization
and take possession of the property.
In an interview with a Call represen
tative Mr. Huntington said: "It is true
that we have purchased the property of
the Los Angeles Railway Company and
several minor street car lines in this
city, but the Southern Pacific Company
has nothing to do with the transaction.
C. P. Huntington is interested, as well
as myself. "We the necessary capi
tal and w? prfJpofe to give Los Angeles
one of the best street car services pos
sessed by any city in the country. It
is true that General M. H. Sherman is
largely responsible for the investment
which our people have made here. He
has sold all of his stock and he has
made a good thing. The Pasadena and
Santa Monica lines are not included in
our purchase.
"No, we will make no changes in the
management. We will have o\ir repre
sentatives on the new Board of Direc
tors. We are satisfied with the present
officers and do not think we could en
hance our interests by making any
changes."
Mr. Huntington declined to give any
of the details of the trade or of the plan
of organization of the new company at
present.
In the Divorce Courts.
Violete Styles has been granted a divorce
from Robert Styles on the ground of fail
ure to provide. Frederick A. Decker was
granted a divorce from Amanda J. Decker
yesterday on the ground of willful deser
tion. Mamie Cunha has been granted her
application for a divorce from Antone B.
Cunha. The decree was issued on the
ground of failure to provide. Thomas J.
Pollard has been granted a divorce from
Nannie B. Pollard on statutory grounds
Cecile Bourda has applied for a divorce
from Peter Bourda. alleging failure to
provide as a cause of complaint. Matthew
J. Glennan has sued Rose Glennan for a
divorce on the ground of infidelity. Suits
for divorce on the ground of cruelty have
been filed by Stella Aldrich against
Claude B. Aldrich, and Erminia Caponelli
against Fillipo Caponelli.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIG EXCITEMENT!
The great rush to the gold fields Is over for this year. We are left
with a few thousand dollars' worth of Klondike goods, so-called. No large
quantities, but a few pieces of various articles suitable for miners* use
anywhere or general u^e in a cold climate. Money saved by turning this
way to supply your wants on any article for miners, housekeepers, mills,
or for ranch or general use. Compare following prices with what you
have paid or are paying:
HOME BARGAINS. •
Salt, email 5-cent bags, finest table 2c
Flour, 60-lb sack fine family 90c
Cornmeal, finest white, yellow, 10-lbs 20c
Rolled Oats, fresh Eastern, 10 lbs 25c
Coffee, fine Kona roast, beat imported 25c
Rice, the kind to use every day, 17 lbs . .$1 00
Salad oil, small 6c medium, 12c quarts 15c
Baking powder, Pioneer, "A lb 10c
Plums, choice unpltted. closing 2c
Walnuts, large and fine, rinsing 7c
Beans, choice pink, family use 2%c
Soap, Babbitt's best, cheap now, 10 bars 35c
Sardines, choice American, pood oil, 25 for.sl 00
Twin mush, you'll like it, 3 for 25c
Shaving sticks, Colgate's very best 6c
KLONDIKE BARGAINS.
Blankets, all wool. Marysville gray, pair... $4 00
Heavy gray, 10 lbs and over, pair 75c
Angora sleeping blankets, large sleeping beds,
$15 kind and higher $7 50
Moccasins, few left, $3 kind $100
Heavy high cut shoes, $> kind $S 25
Sleighs or sleds, were $6, few left $1 00
Folding stoves $6 kind, 1 or 2 left $1 50
Sample Armour's pork and beans free to-day at demonstration m «nt o ,
Sample Union Club coffee free for two; days at delicac^^™Sr M a free
. to visit us and ask for what you want if ; not in sight Our over-the-bay
patrons waited ;on { with promptness;; not, a moment lost. Export trade is
increasing, near thirty tons going out again to-morrow. yori iraae ls
SAMPLE BARGAINS. &\ m, m B mm m m_.
Fample pair ladles' felt bals, 2'-^. 3 50c §X Rfi| :-.•■ %£ . .i <B MjC*
Samples girls' high Baits— rubber soles. f^-.^.^ O g" 9 H&. »>
"•■4 750 B'-Vk 1 v ■ K^9l '■HBrK
Samples men's Sunday shoes. 6. 6H. $3 value.Soc %^W, S■» B *'' f , "1 K% |
Samples flag bunting. 10 feet long, now $1 75 I E - -S %. gP
Samples linen npla-shers to work 25c * •"■ ■ fiS BB
Sample slipper to .w0rk". ;;:..:...•...-... ;: %v!10c I ff\ "#fi -'(O » n ' : -" - iIPV — 4#^.'m. m
Sample $3 handsome flannel sown, ladles... sl 50 fm^3 I™ !^ nP ■■ [3 &
Samples $2 waists in good 0rdarV.'... ;..:.,., v.siv .$i 00 " . " ™ . J l^^* >^;IT\B*
•««. ..»-... «« «*, *, -- ; 23 . 27 Mapk ; t Qtf s p
CATHOLIC LADIES'
COUNCIL CLOSES
Election and Installation
of Officers.
GRAND PRESIDENT DEANE
REVIEWS THE GOOD WORK OF
THE SOCIETY.
An Evening Devoted to Vocal and
Instrumental Music, Recita
tions and Dancing— Next
Place of Meeting
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 8.-The eleventh
Grand Council of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society closed to-day after four days
session at beautiful Santa Maria del
Mar. The council was called to order by
the grand president, Mrs. Margaret
Deane, who opened the session with
ritualistic prayer. Greetings were read
from Santa Cruz Branch No. 13, express
ing a warm sentiment of fraternal feel
ing. A large number of members from
this branch has been in constant attend
ance at the session of the council.
The nominating committee made Its re
port, and then, there being no opposition.
Grand Secretary Margaret Curtis cast the
ballot. The officers who are to serve the
noble order for the coming year are:
Grand president, Mrs. Margaret Deane
of San Francisco; grand senior vice pres
ident, Miss Marietta Fitzgerald of Gil
roy; grand junior vice president, Miss M.
F. Dorsey of San Luis Obispo; grand
secretary. Miss Margaret Curtis of San
Francisco; grand treasurer, Mrs. Mary
Atkinson of San Francisco; grand deputy.
Miss Mary Garrity of San Francisco.
The election of grand directors caused
the most spirited portions of the ses
sion, as there was opposition and much
friendly debate. The election was by baa
lot and resulted in the following being
chosen for the coming year: Mrs.
Margaret Deane and Mrs. B. McFadden
of San Francisco; Mrs. Logier of Stock
ton, Mrs. M. Smith of San Francisco,
Mrs. Dr. Ragan of San Francisco, Misa
B. Gallagher of Alameda, Miss Schneider
of San Kafael, Miss Emma Russell of
San Francisco, Miss Mollle Regan of
Santa Cruz, Mrs. Pendergast of San
Francisco and Miss Maria Flynn of Oak
land.
After the election the council adjourned
until 1:30 this afternoon, when the matter
of amending the constitution was brought
up and debate was very lively pro and
con. A number of changes were made,
but all of them were of minor impor
tance.
A good portion of the afternoon was
taken up in the installation of officers
elected at the morning session. Mrs. Mar
garet Deane, as past grand president, in
stalled the officers according to the beau
titul and impressive ceremony of the
ritual. She was assisted by Grand Mar
shal Mrs. Molloy of San Francisco.
After the installation of officers and di
rectors Mrs. Molloy installed Grand Pres
ident Mrs. Deane, who then in a few ap
propriate words spoke of the help she had
received from the officers and of the
grand work accomplished In the cause of
charity.
This evening at Del Mar a very enjoy
able time is being spent. Omnibuses are
being run from Santa Crus, and members
of the order and their friends in largo
numbers are spending a most social time.
An informal programme of music, sing
ing- and recitations was given, followed
by d-ncing. Th« lot at S^nta. Maria
Del Mar was raffled, 4Cv tickets being a •:>.
This council has done great good to the
society, which dispenses charity without
respect to creed or nationality. It haa
been very harmonious. The most impor
tant matter was that of arranging for
quarterly meetings to be held in San
Francisco, Alameda and San Rafael by
the branches at these places, at which
time reports are to be heard and a social
time enjoyed.
After the close of the session the an
nouncement was made that *85 had been
donated by ladles at the council and $32
by friends toward the debt at Del Mar.
The council will be held next year at
Del Mar. ________________
EVERYBODY AT THE PAUL
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 15.— A glorious
close to Sacramento day was witnessed at
the pavilion to-night. Ten thousand peo
ple made locomotion in the vast builclina; a
matter of absolute discomfort. Ohalrs
were not at a premium— there were no
chairs after the first half of the tremen
dous crowd had filed tediously through
the turnstiles. Men, women and children
striiKßled to get at the ticket windows,
and, finally, when it was found impossible
to move about in the packed entrance
way, lines were formed leading away
from each of the ticket windows far out
vron the sidewalks. Each car added its
full quota to the assembling multitude.
It was an inspiriting sight, for it testi
fied to the loyal regard Sacramento holds
for a State institution which It has fos
tered from the days when the site of the
I present exposition building was a pasturo
i for cattle and the landscape was nn
marked by streets.
To-night's attendance represented a Sac
ramento demonstration in honor of the
State Fair. It was a substantial evidence
that the people take pride in the exposi
tion and are willing to help it whenever
called upon. One director was heard to
remark that in twenty years he had never
seen such a throng at a State fair.
FAMILY BARGAINS.
Boys' half. hose, part closing .4 0
Boys' long hose, wool, size 84, closing. ..!!!.]gc
Games to amuse , the children ."....ii'sc
Slate pencils, 100 In a b0x....................."io c
Carpet sweepers for little g1r1a.'...... "**.
Saddles, $6 50 kind, for men. ;.'...'.'"«
Lawn mowers, $10 kind......;.... "Si
Jams or Jelly In glass, home made..'.'.'.'."."." 100
Fruit cans % gallon, in bad order.... " i£
Plum pudding, regulation size, best ""ait
Hair brushes, 15-cent kind....! . "^X
Shoe brushes, "2o-cent kind.... ••••••••-••00
Cloth brushes, closing, 25c kind...!!"!;*'."*" lOe
Butcher knives, family size. ' 'it-
Ham and meat knives, extra.. '.!!'.'." !"'2oc
' LITTLE BARGAINS.
Slate sponges, per dozen. A;. ..
Bath sponges, good 51ze...!.....!*'.;; # '"*"";Xr
Pierced ladles, 5c kind......;;. ..* J 2?
Small stew pans, heavy ♦in...... ••••••••••••zc
Army haversacks. 75c kind;;..:..! lMl**** r ** * *inS
Army knapsacks, 75c kind......... ""* 1^
Army canteens, covered... . •••••••••••iw
Aluminum plates, each,. closing. ■.:;".'." J^INDIANA SENDS
FOR A FUGITIVE
Requisition for Charles
H. Cadwallader.
NOW IN JAIL AT STOCKTON
CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLING
BANK FUNDS.
Has Lived in This State for Some
Time Under the Alias of E. H.
Wilber — Asserts His Inno
cence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. li..— Sheriff Cun
ningham received a. dispatch this morn
ing from Sheriff Simmons of Randolph
County, Ind.. staling- that he had ar
rived at Sacramento with requisition
papers from the Governor "f Indiana
for Charles H. Cudwullader, alias E. H.
Wilber, charged with embezzling funds
of the Union City Bank of Indiana, of
which concern he was treasurer.
Wilber was arrested Saturday morn
ing, the loth Inst., in the oltice of the
California Navigation and Improve
ment Company of Stockton, where he
had been engaged in the capacity of a
clerk and ticket seller. Deputy Sher
iffs Black and Wall made the arrest.
WOber had been in the employ of the
Navigation Company for several months
and was regarded as an efficient man.
When arrested he declared he would go
back to Indiana without any requisition
papers. as he said that he had done
nothing for which he could be placed
In the penitentiary. He begged that the
matter be kept as quiet as possible, and
as Bheriff Cunningham had no proof
that the man was a criminal he acceded
to tht- extent that he kept the fact of
his arrest inside- his office until the news
of i!ir arrival of the requisition papers
at Sacramento was sent out this morn
ing.
On Monday Wilber sent the following
dispatch to Hon. Thomas Shockney,
Union City, Ind. :
Have been hold here since Saturday
Woods and Levinsky best attor
ney.-. Advise me. E. H. WILBER.
Acting on the advice of Shockney
Wilber engaged the attorneys men
tloned in the dispatch. He will not
light the extradition, however. The fu
gitive, who is in the County Jail, de
i to be interviewed this morning.
Since his stay in this city Wilber has
been stopping at the Windsor Hotel. It
is >.iid that the crime was committed
about eighteen months ago, and that
since leaving Indiana Wilber has been
engaged part of the time as the agent
for diff»T«'nt theatrical companies.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 15.—Cadwal
la ler was the former cashier of the
Citizens' Bank at Union City, which
failed several years ago. He went to
California, and it is charged that he
carried with him funds belonging to
the collapsed bank.
HORSES SLAUGHTERED
FOR THEIR HIDES
Carcasses of Seventy Animals Found
on Madeline Plains — Work of
a Gang of Thieves.
REDDING, Sept. 15.— Wade Williams, a
cattleman of Likely, Modoc County, brings
a report of the operations of a gang of
outlaw hide-hunters who are killing stock
on the Madeline plains. The carcasses of
seventy horses have been found on the
ranges. The animals had been shot,
skinned and relieved of their manes and
tails. The miscreants market their plun
der by way of Reno, Nov., some of It
being shipped to the East and the rest
sold in San Francisco.
Mr. Williams stated that at Boot Lake
twenty horses had been shot down and
skinned. Stockmen and ranchers whose
places border on this great cattle run
fear that but a Fmail portion of the dam
age hits been ascertained.
The South Fork people propose taking
the most stringent method to rid the
Madeline plains of the offenders. The
watering plact-s are being patrolled by
armed men, und if any hide-hunter should
fall into their hands he will probably be
tn-uted with that short shrift accorded
to horse thieves In pioneer days.
EXPLODING TORPEDO
SINKS THE FREEMAN
Naval Officers Narrowly Escape
Death on the Experiment
Schooner.
NEW BEDFORD, Sept. 15.— During a
test of Cunningham torpedoes in Price's
Cove this morning the experiment schoon
er Freeman was blown up by the explo
sion of a projectile and sunk. A dozen
men were on board of her at the time, but
all escaped injury. In fact, only two or
I eceived slight scratches.
Lieutenant Holman, of the survivors of
the battleship Maine disaster, and Lieu
tenants Oliver and Marshall, the board of
survey from the Newport torpedo station,
were on board the ship and had a miracu
lous escape. They were standing mar
the place at which the explosion occurred
and were in the midst of the crash of
wreckage which followed. The men were
rescued by a boat.
The cause of the explosion is a mystery,
as two torpedoes were fired without acci
dent yesterday and one this morning. The
projectile which caused the damage was
fired under apparently the same condi-
LAST TRIP OF THE SEASON.
Roanoke Sails With Much Freighi
but Few Passengers for Alaska.
SEATTLE, Sept. 15.— The steamer Roa
nokfl sailed this afternoon for St. Mich
ael. This is the Roanoke's last trip this
season. Sh» carried a large amount of
freight, but few passengers. Among
them were Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Newhall.
Mrs. Newhall Is matron of the new Jessie
Lee Home for the Eskimo children of the
Alaskan peninsula, and she goes pre
pared to remain live years. Theßoanokc"s
cargo consisted of llf« tons of coal and
WOO tons of merchandise for the North
American Trading and Transportation
Company. She also carried about a ton
and a half of Tnlted States mail. It is
not expected to get the Roanoke's freight
any farther up the Yukon this season
than Nulato. From this point It can be
forwarded next spring to bawaon be
fore the ice at the mouth of the Yukon
i .is cleared away.
DR. SAMUEL ELIOT DEAD.
Notable Contributor to Literature
Passes Away.
BEVERLY, Mass.. Sept. 15.— Dr. Samuel
Eliot, former presidmt of Trinity College,
H.'irtford, Conn., is dead at Beverly farm,
aged 78 years.
Dr. Eliot was a notable contributor to
literature. He wae a grandson of Samuel
Eliot, who founded the Eliot profeßsor
shlp in Harvard, and a cousin of Presl
'.-nt Eliot. .
Early Closing at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. IB.— At a meeting
of the : Santa Rosa merchants last night
It was decided . that hereafter the repre
sentative mercantile houses In all ; lines
will close at 6 o'clock, except for a : few
«tdu during the holidays.
THE FRANCO-BRITISH CLASH ON THE NILE.
MAP OF THE NILE AND CONGO BASINS AND THE ADJOINING REGIONS OF NORTH
EAST AFRICA.
Thfs shows the territories claimed by the several powers and how the French expeditions under Marchand from
French Congo on the west and Bouchamps from the French colony or Obock have met at Fashoda on the Upper Nile,
forestalling the British plan for continuous rule from Cairo to the Great Lakes.
LONDON, Sept. 16. — The Constantinople correspondent of the Daily Mail says: News has been received
here of the occupation of Fashoda (on the White Nile south of Khartoum) by the French expedition under
Major Marchand, assisted by 10,000 Abyssinians under Ras Makonnell, the principal of King Menellk.
LARGE ARMY TO
BE MOBILIZED
Argentina Prepares for
an Emergency.
WILL NOT YIELD TO CHILE
HOPES FOR PEACE, BUT
READY FOR WAR.
Government Will Not Consent to a
Modification of the Treaty of
1881 in Favor of Its
Old Enemy.
Speclal cable to The Call and the New York
IleraliJ. Copyrighted. ISSS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Argentina, Sept.
15. — In order to meet any crisis in the
boundary dispute between Argentina
and Chile the Government has ordered
that preparations be made to mobilize
an army of 50,000 men.
The Argentine Minister of Foreign
Affairs, however, has sent a circular to
the diplomatic representatives abroad
declaring that the alarming rumors in
relation to the boundary troubles are
without foundation. Argentina does
not refuse to arbitrate the general
question, he declares, but will not con
sent to the course except in the manner
stipulated by the treaties now in force.
j Chile, however, insists on eliminating
I the words ' "Cordillera de Los Andes"
from the first article of the treaty of
1881.
If this concession should be made the
article would mention only the famous
diverti aquarum and would make it ac
cord with Chilean pretensions. This
Government, however, is resolutely op
posed to such modification.
The attitude of the people is remark
able for its composure. There is no
hostile manifestation of any kind
against Chile. The Minister of Foreign
Affairs, replying to an interpellation in
the Chamber of Deputies, announced
that he hopes for a pacific settlement
of the trouble. He asked the chamber
to maintain its reserve during the deli
cate negotiations. The Minister of War
declared that the country was prepared
for any emergency.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes, Pensions and
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.-A postoffice
was to-day established at Searles, Kern
County, Cal. L. B. Teagle was appointed
Postmaster. B. G. Raymond was to-day
appointed Postmaster at San Martin,
Santa Clara County, vice Christopher
Mangels, resigned.
The special postal service between Mon
terey and Mungo, Monterey County, will
be discontinued after September 30.
Army orders— Private George Erwln,
Company G. Fourteenth Infantry, now
supposed to be In hospital at Camp Mer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
ritt, San Francisco, is transferred to Bat
tery E, Third Artillery- He will be sent
to the station of that battery, Fort Ma
son, California.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War. Private George a. Busch, Com
pany G, Eighteenth Infantry, now sup
posed to be in the Department of the Pa
cific, will be discharged without honor
from the service of the United States.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Post Quartermaster Sergeant J.
T. McDc-rmott, now at Fort MisKoula,
Montana, is transferred to Fort Stevens,
Oregon.
Pensions of Californlans: Original-
Lewis T. Barney, Santa Monlra, $25. Res
toration—Fidelia T. McAllister, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $6. Increase — John Mc-
Mahon, San Franciftco. $6 to $10. Original
widow, etc.— Clara I. Ivory, Oakland. |S.
Oregon: Widow Indian wars— Sarah Ann
Long, Brownsville, $S.
ALBRECHT ARRAIGNED
ON A BIGAMY CHARGE
Proof of His Quilt Seems to Be Con-
elusive, and He Is Held in De
fault of Bail.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 15.— Charles Al
brecht, the San Franciscn architect whose
many matrimonial adventures have In
volved him in so much difficulty during
the past few months, appeared In Judge
Baldwin's court hi-re this morning to for
mally answer to the charge of bigamy,
preferred against him by M. V. Marshall,
the father of the young lady of thiH city
he married in violation of the law a lit
tle over a weeek ago. Albrecht pleaded
not guilty.
During the examination which followed
Albrecht's identity was established ap
parently beyond all doubt. The signa
tures upon the two marriage licenses cor
responded exactly, and despite the pro
testations of the prisoner that he never
saw the Oakland lady, Mrs. Albrecht
No. 1, before in his life, his claim seemed
to have very little weight.
Albrecht was bound over to appear be
fore the Superior Court. His bonds were
fixed at $2500, and in default of which
he was given over to the custody of the
Sheriff and conducted back to his cell In
the County Jail. He still mataitrins ho
Is not a bigamist.
COMMODORE KAUTZ
TO SUCCEED MILLER
Will Command the Pacific Station
When the Rear-Admiral Is
Retired.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Secretary
Long to-day assigned Commodore Kautz,
at present In command of the Naval
Training Station at Newport, to command
the Pacific Station In place of Admiral
Miller, who is to retire in the course of a
fevr weeks, being the senior admiral of the
navy. Aornira.l Miller is now at Honolulu,
and Commodore Kautz has been directed
to take the steamer from San Francisco
for that place by October 8.
CAPITOL AS A PESTHOLE.
Sanitary Condition of the Building
to Be Looked Into.
STOCKTON, Sept. 15.— Dr. Ruggles,
president of the State Board of Health,
has returned from Sacramento, where he
was summoned to look into the Capitol
sanitary arrangements. He stated that
the board suspected that the Capitol
fiuilding was in very poor sanitary condi
tion, and that diseases which had proved
fatal to five of the attaches were trace
able to that cause. The plumbing in the
building is to be examined.
Russia Negotiating a Loan.
BERLIN, Sept. 15.— The Russian Min
ister of Finance, M. de Witte, has arrived
here for the purpose of effecting a new
Russian loan with German bankers.
Senator Foraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colonies,
In next Sunday's CalL
RURAL DELIVERY
GAINS IN FAVOR
Postal Service Will Be
Revolutionized.
SANTA CLARA EXPERIMENT
RESULTS ABE PLEASING TO
THE OFFICIALS.
Assistant Postmaster General Heath
Finds the Cost No Greater Than
That of the Fourth-Class
Offices.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— The postal
service of the country will be revolu
tionized if exneriments now being made
by the Postofflce Department are suc
cessful. The -ural delivery recently
established is to be extended over the
entire county of Santa Clara, Califor
nia. Representative Loud, chairman
of the House Committee on Postofnces
and Postroads, represents that coun
ty. Primarily the county was selected
because it possesses all conditions
which are held to be necessary for a
successful test, but the department,
moreover, deemed it wise to have the
test under the immediate supervision
of the man through whom the legis-
lation for the establishment of a free
rural delivery throughout the country
must originate.
First Assistant Postmaster General
Heath has devoted l.iuch time and at
tention to this subject, and believes the
experiments so far made and those to
be undertaken on a more comprehen
sive plan in California will lead Con
gress to take favorable action on the
subject. He is already able to show
that in populous counties mail can be
delivered and collected at each farm
house at no greater expense than is
now imposed in maintaining fourth
class postoffices and star routes in such
counties.
' General Heath says there are some
counties in which rural free delivery
can be operated at considerable saving
to the Government over the present
system.
Superintendent Machen of the free
delivery service leaves for California
in a few days to direct the experiment
there. Carriers will be prepared to
transact a money order and registered
letter business with farmers and rural
residents heretofore inaccessible to
such conveniences.
JAPANESE ELECTION.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— State Depart
ment advices show that the general elec
tion in Japan for members of the lower
house of the Diet, returns of which have
Just been made, resulted in an over
whelming majority for tho Constitutional
party, as the combination held by Counts
Ocuna and Itagaki is called. The lower
house stands: Constitutionalists 253. Na
tionalists 20, Independents and business
men 27. Total, 300 members.
OPENING CHINA
TO CIVILIZATION
Radical Change in the
Emperor's Policy.
MANY REFORMS INTRODUCED
POSTAL SYSTEM SOON TO BE
INSTITUTED.
Opening of a National University in
Peking, With Branches in Other
Cities, Has Been Sanc
tioned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING, Sept. 15.— An edict has been
published extending postal operations
throughout the empire and replacing
thp present system of Government cou
riers.
iae frequent edicts introducing re
forms and cutting down expenditures
prove that the Emperor's advisers are
bent upon a- policy which can only be
the result of a complete change of
opinion. Most of the Chinese and the
old European residents look upon the
change as being too sweeping and ir
ritating to the official classes, but it is
evident the Emperor has decided to
abolish many abuses, and his efforts
are welcomed by all the enlightened
Chinese, who, however, counsel moder
ation.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— Minister
Conger informs the Department of
State that the Emperor of China, by
imperial decree, has sanctioned the
opening of a national university at Pe
king, In connection with which schools
are to be established in the provincial
capitals, and educational institutions
called the third class are to be opened
in the department and district cities.
Graduates of the schools of the third
class may enter the intermediate col
leges and the university at Peking. It
is believed that the curriculum adopted
by the Japanese University will be fol
lowed.
Another dispatch from Minister Con
ger would indicate that the Emperor of
China has taken a long stride in ad
vance in civilization by encouraging the
newspapers of his empire to publish a
truthful and full account of the
daily events, and to be both bold and
fearless in the discussion of current af
fairs. He has, by public proclamation,
made the Chinese Daily Progress an
official organ, and has declared that
articles which appear in Chinese news
papers, though apparently displeasing
to him, shall not on that account be
suppressed.
He has directed that important arti
cles of current events in the leading
papers shall be marked and presented
to him promptly. He assigns in his
proclamation the reason for this that
he desires to extend his knowledge of
affairs, both Chinese and foreign.
NO SERIOUS INJURIES
BY THE TRAIN WRECK
Road Cleared Below Penryn Yester-
day, and Eastbound Overland
No. 3 Proceeded.
AUBURN, Sept. 15 —The railroad wreck
below Penryn last night was cleared away
this morning. The engines of the wrecked
eastbound overland No. 3 were taken
back to Sacramento, while new ones were
attached and the train went on. Conductor
McMaston, Injured about the head, was
relieved by "Shorty" Leonard of No. 4
westbound as they passed at Penryn. The
two runaway fruitcars that caused the
wreck are still lying on the hillside with
ice and fruit scattered everywhere. It is
estimated that the runaways were gointr
at the rate of seventy miles an hour, and
had not the accident occurred just wheie
it did. on a curve and steep grade, not a
car would have been left on the track.
No serious injuries resulted. Engineer
Newton and Conductor McMaston wore
hadly bruised, and Express Messenger
Willis' ankle was sprained. Mrs. Mary
Allen of Auburn was the only passenger
hurt at all. Engineer Newton had his
arm broken in a wreck occurring about
the same place two years ago.
M'INTYRE SUFFERING
FROM MENTAL TROUBLES
Statement Telegraphed From Denver
Which Naval Authorities Do
Not Believe.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: It was re
ported at the Navy Department to-day
that there was a chance of Chaplain J. H.
Mclntyre of the Oregon escaping trial by
court-martial. The department, in re
sponse to a telegram sent to his address
in Denver, received a reply intimating
that he was suffering from mental
trouble. The authorities do not believe
this, and are going ahead with prepara
tions for his trial.
DISBANDING OF THE SEVENTH
Many Men Beturn to Los Angeles
and Resume Their Occupations.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 15.— 1t is appar
ent that the Seventh Regiment is now
being quietly and gradually disbanded.
Within the last week or so mn.ny of the
members of the regiment have arrived
in this city on furlough, and these fur
loughs amount to discharges. The re
turned soldiers have taken off their blue
uniforms and are resuming their former
occupations. Robert Burns, chief mu
sician of the regiment, has rejoined the
Fire Department and taken his place in
a theater orchestra. Corporal J. B.
Scott has resumed the practice of law.
BUSH FOR HOMESTEADS.
Four Hundred Entries on Overlap-
ping Grants in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 15.— Up to the
present time 400 homestead entries have
been received at the Land Office here
on the land embraced in the overlapping
grants of the Southern Pacific Railroad,
which were reclaimed by the Government
and thrown open to settlement. One huii
dred applications to prove up title on
lands bought from the railroad previous
to the reclamation have also bsen re
ceived.
SONS OF VETERANS.
Officers Elected at the National En-
campment.
OMAHA, Nebr., Sept. 15.— The Sons of
Veterans, In their national encampment,
have elected the following officers: Com
mander-in-chief, Colonel Frank L. Shep
ard of Chicago; senior vice commander.
George E. Cox, Cincinnati, junior com
mander. C. J. Green, Soutn Dakota;
quartermaster general, Fred Boulton,
Massachusetts.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
■ ■ limit STjf s/tr)> - A-- ■ fc *
ill L **r7Z'<!uc£c4: *»w»
. V . ; ADVERTISEMENTS. ___'_-_ .. ,
# fill
fyW\ Politics,
/ ) V\\ \\ Whether it's Gage or
I -^ >-vi r\ Maguire that's your fa-
\, IL^k 1 \ write, but this much we
— -_JpK Vu|~ U=\ know, and we feel
- C i 1 %\\ fh» ourselves justified in
fw \ I pointing out to you the
/ \ / fact that if you want to
..'_. _f**r J V dress correctly and be'
%.' r / \ consi d ere da correct
i\ 111 \i\\i A I- dresser, and at the same
llSuill I iS» 1 time a neat and natty
111 , llfl I dresser, why, then, you
\\\ f must own one of tlwse
% I "I very swell serge suits in
•Xj I \ that new and popular
W! X I shade,
i^^msL* Marine Blue.
Tlie Marine Blue Serge f* *vO">
feas made a hit with us. jr^ fe
J^ forts everything to com- , *^ t
mend itself to a man of
taste, because it's neatness /T^i^ /**
personified ; it' s correct ac- £/ jL^ \
cording to fashion's % die- I j' V
turn, and the way our I \ \
Serges are made — well, /A \
they're perfect poems as to I -j\ "• I \
tailoring and fitting. \ A I
We have Serges as high v J /
as $30 per suit, but Fri- \A \
day and Saturday find us xgL—, r- — \ /
putting our best foot fore- LJ] 'J.L, ;^/
most to get many people . I Jjjv
in the house as possible, I $T~\
and this Friday and Sat- I | \ A
ur day, such . good Serge \. f|l"""'"f 111 Ip^^n )\ d
suits, such fashionable All \j/^
ones as we enumerate, will AVwl \j| y
have a special tag attached -, u \Sw| M VV ' A \
to 'em, and that tag will |»\1 IV I |\% X
read ~ I
j^^^^M^^k Hobson's
p'ff.:ll l !ff.(W.lffl*j..™f. l f. l .*'. l '.W l^' g^i^!g^ M errimac has
Yffl(lt('(l((il(((if/(((//fl77/7777'^T^ mßam&t&f^l had a hat namzd
v 4^^ f^ '^The^TrncrUan
WfiSp -^^^ W Hero Hat," and
i vn 1^ ; C V) hat, worthy of so
If \s. brilliant and va-
111/ l1 1 l/l fa %S&Bo*!~^!sfW whom it is named.
In L 111 1 M* 1 ' such elegant stoch
l\\\ "^^^^/^jlill v III? as is put in the
\\\\> r v *=s^ ailea^ "^s^^lluvvu 'l' ■ manufacture of
'V^V: /^>v Hobson Hat
j, ':/;' : .-'\^o? m ]r" -\_ ■■ J ion— came in last
(T^* I*'1 *' l Friday and Sat-
Wf^^fmFf^} £&&F&£s^^^ ) urday at
$L3S«
if^^kC'''- Every * one in, town knows it,
•\J JT -that we're King Pins for Over-
.j coats, and ours this season are
mm^ --^^ . .' __ a _i .^. _,-_ ' two to one prettier than any -
C f^^s*%^^ - thing we have shown in the
past. We don't have to say this
■^l .mr. in print. You can see it verified
jf O)U- * in our. windows and on the two
v floors devoted to Overcoats
•m m- ■■ w i alone.
%&^lT\ €^y\J^J I X *^"° a like, Saturday for men
JSL »Bay XL Ja. .Ma * JBk - Jbo. •^ *• folks.
' ■' "■•' '• ' '" " ..... _^
■ : - ; ' v ■ <i ' ' ■ . •; '■ ■ ' ■ ■■' ■ -- ■.
KEARNY ST.
TEE FRISCO BOYS.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000
Cr! $ ? ?^
V \ L»Lv
° NOT OUR °
o ..■-•. o
I FAULT, i
o °
° — 5
q r.- 1 This week we make a special O
a ' ' sale of a line of Ladles' Fine O
*** • Shoes, button or lace, made .of q
O the best Vici Kid, with new coin, _
q ' toes and kid tips, fancy circular *»
eh " vamps and heel foxing and with O
w HEAVY SINGLE SOLES. .. ©
O These shoes were made to sell q
O for $3 50, but we ordered ; A
a ' them with extra heavy dou- Sj
a i ble soles, with extension edges, JjJ
O and when the shoes arrived and ©
O the mistake in tlje weight of the O
q soles was discovered the manu- q
_ facturer made a reduction, -*
° hence the chance for you to buy J*
O a (3 60 shoe for $2 25. These O
Q shoes may please • you. better ©
q with the. heavy single soles, as o
some ladies cannot wear extra ft
O heavy shoes. v w
O All widths and sizes. €>
o • o
q .« , County orders solicited. ©
jf Send for Illustrated Catalogue. Q
° B. KATCHINSKI, ©
O PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, ©
O 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. O
O O
00000000000
111 I ViyV^lUu U v (*~*ft\\£2^* f~ ii m
Subscribers camping at localities along
the line of railroads where there are no
postal facilities can have The Call thrown
off at their camp by sending name and lo-
cation of camp to The Call Subscription
Department.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County.
Three hours from San Franc!«cn. via !>«
Gatos: « months roundtrip ticket, $4. or via
Pr.nta Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank. 15,0*75
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unec.'ial#d.
■- JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
W^t,/Frrs. a-*. *kJ CONTRA
j|YS£©A* COSTA CO.,
■:a » ' CAL. ' ■
B.^ Hotel new throughout: lighted with
E*H*\ acetyllne gas; hot salt baths, curs
3 IB rheumatism; new and commodious !
"i MB ' ' fwlmmlng . tank: scientific sanitary
5 tgl methods; rates low. ' Addr*s« . ;.'.'-:
E^- " ~*^ .*'■■- A. BETTERS.
HCT S'PgjtENGS I ( Manner.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grat lest «cer.ery. The hotel an enchanting
em'lwvt ered home. Bath home rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs; tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL P.ATH3.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Lonß-dlslar.«e Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week: $2 and S2 50 per
day. ; ■ , R. M. HOKTON, Proprietor.
l * ePl! £* REST and HEALTH
UiriUiiAiiibdLrKlNuo
iflfciilhinttniii. MMfillil cnC.P.R.C,
I'laio. anict r«tr(!»t. finrat tc^ncrj. water, raonn'sln air,
frcit, tati nil thf year croan-t rllisate In CklifcraU.
linl ert)aoi».-«Ddiirroii.d:.;j'.. On K. P.., I ■* miln fr..aii«n Kr»o.
$8 a week. Open .ill y^nr. Scud for Boiklet.
A«l'!v.> Or-I-sri 1 <v;t>>— . ' -." r - ■':. M< ;
WONG WOO,
P s^" CHINESE TEA AND HERB
J k WONG WOO.
CHINESE TEA AND HER 3
SANITARIUM.
V^j&w. U4-66CLAY8T.. S»nFr»aciioo,C»l
—«?^^&m'» All diseases . I eaclustv*-
*V*f*&iZ-ii*-\ffl '>' by Chinese" . -rliF. over 3000
rtrl '■fy*j.> -SO* varieties being used. ADVICE
FREE, Hours, S;3O to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to
9 p. in.
"WINDY AND DISAGREEABLE."
When a man blows wind off his stomach, that is flatulence.
Sometimes people call it gulping *md. No matter what you call it,
the disease, for it is a disease, is an annoying one to you and disgust-
ing to your friends. I once heard a politician speak of a rival, whom
he did not admire, as a flatulent old fool. Flatulent means windy.
Usually we mean by it wind collected in the stomach. Wind in the
intestines may also be just as properly designated flatulence. It is
always caused by indigestion. A physician, who practices in a town
near Albany, New York, reports the case of an old* gentleman who
had been so annoyed by a persistent condition of flatulence that he
had consulted all the doctors in the vicinity without securing any
benefit. " Finally he came to me and I prescribed several remedies
which failed utterly. I then prescribed Ripans Tabules, which he re-
ported gave him immediate relief, and he is now nearly cured. I think
it would be an excellent thing to make a strong feature of ' flatulence'
in all the R-IPANS advertisements, for I find then* excellent in
almost every case of that sort" \
OZO n7ri'=«»
n7n UZU name
)l^]r of a Catarrhal
OZO Cure that you
n can use on trial
UZU free. If you are
,~\rjr\ suffering from
UZU Catarrh of the
r\7C\ ea<^ or Stom-
UZU acn » write for a
H7n ree treatmen^*
UZU Persons living
r\7C\ in the city must
UZ/U call.
FREE TRIAL OF OZO
HUDYAN
Cure-s Lost Manhood, Ner-
vous Debility, Weakness,
Dyspepsia, Chronic Con-
stipation, etc. Callorwrite
for circulars and proofs. :
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton nnd Market Sts. '■,
Good! Bad! ]
There are two effects of
tea.
The good is got by steep-
ing it.
The bad by boiling it.
i -.■■--- ■ O
San Francisco A Schilling & Company
40
14 and 16
. Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
ijfejppll^sr RUPTURE.
KaSZvF/I^^aiSl USE NO MORE IRON
VatßfSß&ffffnßr Hoops or Steel Springs.
M s^bl3!V Rupture retained with case
■^■^JWV"<. ar -d comfort, and thousands radl-
■ />9v fatly CURED by DR. PIERCES '
■\L/j/& Magnetic Elastic TniF*. [T7"Call at |
• office or write for New Pamphlet No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., ..
620 Market St., opp'. Palace Hotel/Son Francisco
Munypn's Headache and Indigestion Cure !
Is the oniy remedy on tLe market that ;
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim- ;
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's p. ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c. <
MPQUBTA RMtorw VITALITY
C r>VII M LOST vigor.
J$&J!iJS§$L '■■AND MANHOOD
fiSgr"''~l Cur« Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
Hgß|>3Q diseases, all effects el self-abuse, or excess and
- uJII indiscretion. ; A nerve-tonic and b!ood»bui!der.
' & <%&¥ Brians ths pink glow to pile I cheeks and re
&fe*/ stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
WjJ^*«L box, 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jjJJjS^lj^^ guarantee to ire or refund the money- ' .
Ror I "'^ '?**!•<••>••" " '•' — a TM>tai sti*. gWatat
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye.. cor. Geary.
D"DTTOUT?C FOR BARUEns. bak-
IjriU Oil FikJ ers. bootblacks, bath- \
*"*■*■ ** **Ti- houses, billiard tables, ,
brewers/ bookbinders, candy- makers, ■ .nners. ;
dyers; flourmills. foundries, laundries., .paper-
hangers, printers/painters, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
, BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
IA/. X. HESS,;
KOTABY POBLIO AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claiis Srrc-ckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.'
Residence, 821 California St., . below Powell,
San Francisco. ■■ , .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 11 898.
IF A SLATE
IS ALL READY,
'TIS BRITTLE
Candidates Fear Sat
urday's Primary.
EVERYTHING A GAMBLE
SECOND AND SEVENTH ARE IN
A TURMOIL. .
On the Eve of the Battle Fear and
Anxiety Have Taken the Place
of Former Self-Confl-
dence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 15.
On the eve of the primary there is more
genuine fear and anxiety as to the re
sult among the county candidates than
there has been at any time during the
past two months. Just at the period when
the boasted self-confidence of aspirants
should be most, stable it is fallu^g to
pieces, and timidity, nervousness and
painful premonitions are portrayed on
every candidate's face.
A great deal of talk has been made
about a slate, If there be a slate, most
decidedly the men who might be sup
posed to be upon it are those who are
most fearful of Saturday's battle. In
some wards the candidates perhaps feel a
little less fearful than those in other
wards and townships, but with the ex
ception of the ancient County Surveyor,
who was never known to have an op
ponent, there Is not a candidate upon'
whose chances it would be safe to wager
a dime.
Any combination to be probable must
include the names of Frank Jordan, .Char
ley Spear, James Barber, Oscar Rogers,
Dr. Mehrman, Judge Allen or Harry Mel
vln. P. M. Fisher or 11. \V. Lynch. Yet,
although every man mentioned will tell
you that he has a walkover, they are all
flying around and showing most posi
tively by their frantic efforts that their
boasted confidence has no foundation in
their own minds.
In the Seventh Ward there will un
doubtedly be a hot nght. One ticket is
that of Frank Jordan and Harry Melvin,
the other is that of Robert C. Leckie,
James A. Webster and Dr. Derrick. Even
the most conservative guessers will not
say which ticket is apparently likely to
win.
The Second Ward is torn asunder in
all directions. It Is the largest ward in
the city, and Includes the whole of the
annexed district, more than at the lust
county election, or. Mehrman, for Cor
oner, and P. M. Fisher, for Superintend
ent of Schools, have one ticket; John A.
Sands, who wants to be District Attor
ney; D. C. Hinsdale, for Auditor, and
George Frick, for Superintendent of
Schools have another ticket, which
Judge 1? rick is helping along. Everybody
is prophesying victory, and now there is
talk of putting in an unpledged ticket to
blind some of the other issues.
The Third Ward does not seem to be
any less tangled, even though Judpre Clift
has withdrawn. Judge Allen and Henry
Dalton will have the delegation in their
respective interests, but there is another
and independent contest being fought out
in this ward, having for its object the
patronage of the Public Administrator's
office. Some of the politicians want to
see W. H. Knight reliominated; others
want to see the nomination go to the in
terior, and this particular phase of the
struggle is confined to the lawyers.
E. B. Thompson, an Irvfngton editor,
says that politirs is very warm in Wash
ington Townshin "Complications of
rather n startling character have entered
into the Clark-Lynch fight," said he,
"and the outcome is doubtful. The con
test is between Assemblyman C .ark, can
didate for Public Administrator, and
Harry Lynch, for Superintendent of
Schools. Each will place a set of dele
gates before the voters, and at present
each seems to have a fighting chance."
BEPUBLICANS WILL RALLY.
General W. H. L. Barnes to Formally
Open the State Campaign in
This City.
Republicans will rally at Metropolitan
Temple to-morrow evening to greet that
matchless orator, General W. H. L.
Barnes, who is advertised to deliver ono
of hl6 eloquent addresses on the work of
the grand old party In the" past, prrs'-nt
and future. This meeting will be the for
mal opening 1 of the State campaign In this
city, and standing room will be at a pre
mium. As General Barnes' reputation as
an orator is established it is certain that
many citizens with different party affilia
tions will be in attendance.
Other prominent members of the Re
publican party will speak at the big meet
ing, and many of the candidates nomin
ated by the Sacramento convention will
appear before the assemblage and make
short addresses.
That the meeting will be an enthusiastic
one Is assured. An excellent band will dis
course patriotic airs and some of the lead-
Ing Republican clubs will send large dele
gations.
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman of
the State Central Committee, will call the
mooting to order promptly at 8 o'clock
when the feast of logic and eloquence will
begin.
Enthusiastic Republicans.
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District
Republican Club was permanently organ
ized at a mass meeting held Wednesday
evening at Mission Opera Hall. The fol
lowing officers were elected: Thomas
Learned, president; vice - president,
Charles A. Krohn; secretary, John A.
Nolan; treasurer, A. F. Woodside; ser
geant at arms, James Smiley; executive
committee— C. E. Fisher, F. Tyrel, C
W. Lingrenfelser, John Mahler, Charles de
la Fontain, James Smiley, D. F. Kelley
William Cashman and George Dietterley
Enrollment committee— Thomas Dorgai,
William Cartwright and Charles Kavan
augh.
Resolutions were adopted Indorsing the
entire State ticket. Charles E. Fisher was
unanimously Indorsed for the Assembly.
Resolutions were adopted denouncing boss
rule. Addresses were made by Thomas
Learned, A. L. Morgenstern and John
Lord Love. Over 200 signed the club roll.
The Bear Club.
The Bear Club held its regular weekly
meeting last evening at its headquarters,
121 Eddy street, Thomas W. Collins pre
siding. Several new members were ad
mitted. School Director E. L. Head was
unanimously declared to be the choice of
the club for Sheriff. H. F. Taylor, A. W.
Voorsanger, B. B. Roberts and J. D.
Bri.wn highly eulogized the course of Mr.
Head as a School Director In standing up
boldly for the people against the Soiid
Nine.
On motion of Mr. Voorsanger the nomi
nation of Hon. Eugene F. Loud, an old
member of the club, was Indorsed; a!s-«
J. G. Edwards for member of the Board
of Equali2atlon and Charles S. Laumeister
for Railroad Commissioner.
Elected Permanent Officers.
The Golden Gate Republican Club held
a lively meeting last night and elected the
following officers to direct the destinies
of the organization during the present
campaign: President, J. J. Cronan; vice
president, Captain Morgan; secretary, J.
J. Towmey; recording secretary, Felix
Mann; sergeant at arms, M. Kelly; cam
paign committee— P. Casey, Dr. Ryder,
M. C. Nannery, Peter Hayes, Frnnk
Woods, Henry Schutte; James Connor,
Max Coleman, John Sherwood, Charles
Storg, Frank McDade and Jamqp H. Con
nolly. Interesting speeches were deliv
ered by Dr. Ryder, J. J. Cronan, Captain
Morgan and J. Kelly. James E. Flynn
•was heartily Indorsed for the nomination
for the Assembly from the Twenty-ninth
District.
REPUBLICANS
ISSUE A CALL
FOR A PRIMARY
It Will Be Held Next
Thursday.
A MUNICIPAL CONVENTION
/
TO ORGANIZE CLUBS IN EACH
DISTRICT.
Leaders of the Party Preparing to
Carry On a Vigorous State
and City Cam
paign.
0
The Republican County Committee
met last night at Shiels HaH and is
sued a call for a .primary election for
the selection of delegates to the Re
publican municipal ', convention and to
the legislative, judicial and educational
convention of the 1 city and county of
San Francisco. .
T. D. Riordan occupied the chair and
on calling the meeting to order John
Chretien offered the following resolu
tions, which were unanimously carried:
AVhereas, in the present campaign, is
sues of vital importance are submitted to
the people of this State for consideration
and decision; and whereas, the principles
involved in the success of Henry T. Gage,
our candidate for Governor, and the de
feat of James G. Maguire, the Demo
cratic-Populistic candidate, are of such
importance to the commonwealth that it
behooves every conservative citizen, la
borer, merchant and capitalist to interest
himself actively in the work of this, cam
paign; and whereas, the Democratic can
didate claims San Francisco as the source
from which he will endeavor to draw per
sonal success; and whereas, such a de
cisive majority should be given against
him and in favor of all the nominees of
the Republican party as forever to silence
the fallacious doctrines and dogmas of
which he is the promulgator and typical
representative, to which end it is proper
that all Republicans of San Francisco
should contribute an active assistance;
now therefore be it
Resolved, That for the purpose of se
curing a triumphant victory and a large
majority vote in San Francisco for the
nominees of the Republican party, both
State and municipal, the Republican party
of San Francisco organize forthwith, and
that under the auspices of this committee
to be established and organized in each of
the Assembly districts included in this
city a Republican club devoted to the in
terests of the Republican party and to the
success of its nominees. Said clubs shall
be organized on the 20th day of Septem
ber, IS9S, at the hour of 8 p. m., and at
places to be hereafter designated by this
committee, of which due notice shall be
given. Said clubs shall be called to order
by one of the county committeemen rep
resenting the respective Assembly dis
tricts, and the Republicans of the district
sh.ill then proceed to elect the officers of
said club. There shall be a president and
a secretary. The secretary of each of
said clubs shall immediately upon its or
ganization send to this committee a list
of the officers elected, the location of the
places of meeting and the number of
members who have enrolled In the re
spectlve Assembly district clubs. Each
of said clubs shall be known and called
"Regular Republican Club of the As
sembly District."
Resolved, That all Republicans of San
Francisco be Invited to join said clubs and
co-operate for their success irrespective
of former affiliations. *
The Call for the Primaries.
The call for the primary election was
as follows:
The Republican County Committee of the
City ami County of San Francisco, State of
California, bf-ing the committee of the Re
publican party of the City and County of
San Francisco, and of the legislative dis
tricts thereof, and being the committee
thereunto authorized by Taw, and by the
rules and regulations of the Republican
party, and by the Republican organization
of the State of California, hereby resolves
as follows:
First— That a legislative, judicial and edu
cational convention of and representing the
Republican party of the United States, and
of the State of California, and of the City
and County of San Francisco, be and the
same Is hereby (.•ailed, to meet In the City
and County of San Francisco on the 27th
day of September, 1898, at 8 o'clock p. m.
In Native Sons' Hall, Mason street, between
Geary and Post streets. In said city and
county, for the purpose of nominating can
didate* of the Republican party, for mem
bers of the Board of Education of said
city and county, Superintendent of Public
Instruction of said city and county, four
Judges of the Superior Court, in and for
Bald city and county, five Justices of the
Peace, in and for said city and county,
four Judges of the Police Court of said
■ city and county, one Assemblyman from
each Assembly Dlßtrict In said city and
county, and one Senator from each of the
even numbered Senatorial Districts in said
city and county, which said candidates are
to be voted for at the election to be held on
Tuesday, November 8, IS3B, and for the
transaction of such further business as may
come before said convention.
Second— That a municipal convention of
and representing the Republican party of
the United States and of the State of Cali
fornia, and of the city and county of San
Francisco, be and the same is hereby called
to meot in the city and county of San Fran
cisco on the 27th day of September, IS9B, at
8 o'clock p. m., in Native Sons' Hall, Mason
street, between Geary and Post, In said city
and county, for the purpose of nominating
cadidates of the Republican pa:ty for all
ofllces other ti.an those for which candi
dates are to be nominated by the legislative,
judicial and educational convention, to be
filled at Kaid election, in said city and
county, to elect a county committee of the
Republican party, and to have entire charge
thereof from the Ist day of January. 1899,
for the period of two years, and thereafter
until their successors shall have been duly
elected and qualified, and for the transac
tion of such further business as may be
brought before said municipal convention.
Third — That each of said conventions shall
be respectively an organized assemblage of
delegates, representing said Republican
party of and lit the city and county of San
Francisco, and of all the election precincts,
wards, Assembly and Senatorial Districts
thereof.
Fourth— That each of said conventions
ehall consist of 313 members, to be selected,
as follows, to wit: From each Assembly
District to each of said conventions as many
delegates as there are precincts In said As
sembly Districts, respectively.
Fifth— That a primary election Is hereby
callod for the purpose of selecting said dele
gates to paid conventions. Said primary
election shall be held on the 22d day of
September, 189S, between the hours of 11 ,
a. m. and 7 p. m. of that day. and shall be
held by Assembly Districts, the Republican
voters of each Assembly District voting re
spectively for the delegates to which said
Assembly Districts shall respectively be
entitled.
Sixth— That there shall be two or mor«
r- ilng places In each of t.ip Assembly l>if
tricts of said city and county, provided
that In no district shall there he more than
three, the location of which Is hereunto ap
pended.
Seventh— That the officers of election at
each of said polling places shall be one In
spector, two Judges and two clerks. Said
election officers shall ho appointed by the
Republican County Committee of the City
and County of San Francisco.
EiKhth-That in addition to all other
grounds of challenge under the laws of
this State, Roverntng general elections, the
following test may on such challenge be
put to voters at said primary election, to
wit: "I will vote at the ensuing general
election for the nominees of the Republi
can party."
Ninth— That no person shall be permitted
to vote at said primary election unless
his name shall appear upon the register
of voters of said city and county for the
year 1866, of the prpclnct and district for
which he offers his vote, or unless he shall
present a certificate of registration for the
year 1898 from the Registrar of Voters of
said city and county.
Tenth— That the names of all candidates
to be voted for at said primary election
must be presented to the secretary of this
committee on or before the hour of 11
a, m. of Tuesday, the 20th day of Septem
ber, IS9B, at the headquarters of this com
mittee, 933 Market street, San Francisco,
and no name not so presented shall be con
sidered or canvassed at said primary elec
tion.
Eleventh— That the returns of said prim
ary election shall be made to the secretary
of this committee at Its headquarters, 9SS
Market street, San Francisco, Immediately
after the canvass by the election boards of
all votes cast at such election. This coun
ty committee shall meet at 9 o'clock p. m.
on Eaid 22d day of September, 1898, at its
headquarters, and shall proceed forthwith
to canvass the said returns and to declare
the reFult of said primary election.
Twelfth— That all contests arising at or
from said election shall be heard and deter
mined by this county committee, and all
such contests must be filed in writing with
this committee at its headquarters, within
twenty-four hours after the closing of the
polls at said primary election, otherwise
the same shall not be considered.
Thirteenth— That no delegate to either of
said conventions shall be eligible as a can
didate for nomination before «Kher of said
conventions.
Fourteenth— That this call for a primary
election shall be published in a newspaper
or newspapers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, at least
one time, and not less than two days prior
to the date of said primary election.
Apportionment of Delegates — Twenty
eighth Assembly District, 34; Twenty-ninth
Assembly District, 38; Thirtieth Assembly
District, 34; Thirty-first Assembly District,
34; Thirty-second Assembly District, 28;
Thirty-third Assembly District, 30; Thirty
fourth Assembly District, 42; Thirty-fifth
Assembly District, 28; Thirty-sixth Assem
bly District, 40; Thirty-seventh Assembly
District, 42; Thirty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict. 36; Thirty-ninth Assembly District.
40; Fortieth Assembly District. 40; Forty
first Assembly District, 33; Forty-second
Assembly District, 32: Forty-third Assembly
District. 32; Forty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict, SO: Forty-fifth Assembly District, 28.
Adopted at a regular meeting of the Re
publican County Committee of the City and
County of San Francisco, on the loth day
of September. IS9B.
THOMAS D. RIORDAN, Chairman.
P. H. PRENDERGAST, Secretary.
THEY FUSED WITH
POPULISTS ONCE
Experience of Alameda
Democrats.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 15.
"Fusion— twice? Not if I know my
self," said Con Brosnahan, chairman of
the Democratic County Central Com
mittee.
Then Mr. Brosnahan went on to tell a
story of the fusion in Alameda County
two years apo. His story referred to the
celebrated night on which Governor Budd
spoke at the Tabernacle, the same night
that George W. Baker, the Silver Repub
lican leader, spoke at Livermore. At that
time there was in existence a club called
the Populist Zouaves, the members of
which wore short baggy pants, loose
blouses and fez, and looked like Turks.
Mr. Brosnahan wanted this uniformed
club to remain in Oakland for the Budd
demonstration, but somehow the Zouaves
were .sent to Llvermrre. There was a
general impression that It was not quite
the thing for a Populißt organization to
escort a Simon-pure Democratic Gov
ernor through OaKland, and the Zouaves
in Bpito of Mr. Brosnehan's protest were
sidetracked.
Mr. Brosnahan now believes that so
, long as fusion does not fuse either be
fore or at election it is a good idea for
the Democratic party to run itself.
"I am going to advocate Democracy,"
said Mr. Brosnahan, "until It either wins
out or is snowed under." And then he
consigned fusion to a distant place.
The Democrats are now casting around
for candidates, and a great many have
been found who are willing to run tho
risk of being beaten. The party evi
dently thinks that the Republicans must
be weak in the matter of the Sheriff, for
Con Brosnahan, Patrick O'Kane, Thomas
Landregnn and Robert McKilllcan have
already been brought forward.
Tom C. Stoddard of Alameda has an
nounced himself as willing to be County
Clerk. Recorder St. Sure of Alameda
would not object to being District Attor
ney. Colonel Tom Garrity has also been
mentioned in this connection. But when
spoken to to-day he said, "Run for office
again? Not I. I have been running quite
a while, and always get within a snort
distance of winning. It is worse than the
Louisiana lottery. It has kept me poor
for four years, and I don't Intend to get
into bankruptcy entirely because of my
fealty to Democracy In Alameda
County."
No Democrat is particularly anxious to
be nominated for Assespor, but there is
a desire to persuade M. J. Laymance to
permit his name to go on the ticket, but
without much hope of success. James
McManus is named for Coroner, and John
M. English may possibly seek to be
be Treasurer.
Charles Heyer may be the candidate for
Supervisor from Mr. Talcott's district,
and Alex Hirschberg may elect to run
from Supervisor Church's district. An
attempt is being made to persuade John
R. Glascock. an ex-Congressman, to ac
cept the Senatorial nomination from his
district. Apparently Democrats do not
think they will stand much ?how in tho
next Legislature, for candidates for the
Assembly have not yet been heard from.
There is considerable opposition to fu
sion on the county ticket, although ex-
Congressman Warren B. English says
that it would soem to be the proper thing
to follow the example set by the party in
State politics. Should the Democrats and
Populists unite it Is Bald that the Pop
ulists will demand the privilege of nam
ing the Sheriff and the District Attorney.
MAGUIRE TO SPEAK
AT THE TABERNACLE
COMBINED PARTIES HAVE THE
MEETING IN HAND.
Candidates for Lieutenant Governor
and for Congrsss Also to Be
Heard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 15.
The combined Democratic, Populist and
Silver Republican parties have announced
that "Judge Magruire, the foe of monopoly
and the champion of popular rights, will
discuss the real issues of the campaign"
to-morrow night at the Tabernacle. Ed-
ward L. Hutchinson, candidate for Lieu
tenant Governor, and John Aubrey Jones,
candidate for Congress, will also speak.
William P. Lawlor will be the chairman
of the evening.
The commLttee of arrangements consists
of: Silver Republicans— H. A. Ingalls, H.
A. Ryfkogel and Dr. E. T. Barber; pop
ulists—F. J. Gregory, C. W. Pangburn,
Burdette Cornell; Democrats— C. H.
DE YOUNG AS A BOLTER.
Record of the Perennial Candidate for United
1 States Senator.
Has No Regard for the Republican Party Where His Own Personal Wishes
and Decrepit Ambition Are Involved or His Private
Desires Are Dngratified.
The recent assertions of M. H. de Young, proprietor of the Chronicle
and perennial candidate for United States Senator, that he is now and has
always been a stanch supporter of The regular Republican nominees for of
fice has caused much merriment among persons of all shades of political
belief.
It is a well-known fact that De Young has never supported the Repub
lican ticket and that he has been a bolter as often as the opportunity has
offered for him to be one, which was every two years. At the general
election of two years ago he followed his usual custom and bolted the
ticket and suppc. Ed a ticket of his own selection as against the ticket
recognized by the Republican State Central Committee and the Supreme
Court.
Several days prior to the election the Chronicle printed the De Young
ticket in its columns and prefaced it with the following:
THE TICKET TO "VOTE.
The Chronicle this morning prints the names of the candidates— and
their voting numbers— on both general and municipal tickets, whom it re
gards as most deserving of the suffrages of the citizens of San Francisco.
The great number of candidates for the Supervisorship makes the selec
tion of a satisfactory ticket extremely difficult. The voter, therefore, will
do well to scrutinize every name offered, and weigh the merits of the con
testants, even of those included on our Hat. With this caution, and the
additional observation that the list of candidates for the leading municipal
offices here named represent the best timber, we commend the following
ticket:
In order that every one may have an opportunity of judging whether
or not De Young bolted the ticket on that occasion, the De Young ticket, as •
it appeared in the columns of the Chronicle, and the regular Republican
ticket are here printed side by side for convenience of comparison. The De
Young ticket is taken from the columns of the Chronicle of November 2, 1896.
REGULAR REPUBLICAN TICKET. DE YOUNG TICKET.
STATE SENATORS.
17th N. H. BURNAAM 17th JAMES B. BROWN
19th JOHN T. DARE 19th CALVIN EWING
21st E. I. WOLFE 21st E. I. WOLFE
23d M. J. WELCH JR. 23d JOHN G. TYRELL
25th THOMAS W. CHANDLER 25th M. H. BARRY
MEMBERS OF ASSEMBLY.
28th WILLIAM KENNERSON 28th PETER J. QUINN
29th JAMES E. FLYNN 29th WILLIAM F. WOOD
30th HENRY M. KELLY 30th L. K. HAGENKAMP
31st T. J. SULLIVAN 31st P. CORKERY
32d JEREMIAH LUCY 32d JOHN A. HOEY
33d R. RASMUSSEN 33d JOHN G. SOUTH
34th P. D. CODE JR. 34th..... P. D. CODE JR.
35th C. L. HEDEMARK 35th JOSEPH W. McTIGUE
36th WILLIAM H. GLEESON 36th M. W. LITTLEFIELD
37th GEORGE A. WENTWORTH 37th W. L. WILLIAMSON
38th G. POHLMANN 38th D. J. O'BRIEN
39th LEON E. JONES 3'Jth JOHN R. GLASSFORD
40th SIG BETTMAN 40th SIGMUND BETTMAN
41st HENRY C. DIBBLE 41st B. FEHNEMANN
42d '.LORENZO A. HENRY 42d JAMES J. MCCARTHY
43d FRED LUNDQUIST 43d LEON DENNERY
44th JOSEPH MERANI 44th JAMES F. MARTINONI
45th JOSEPH O'HANLON 45th FREDERICK BERG
MAYOR.
C. L. TAYLOR, CHARLES S. LAUMEISTER.
AUDITOR.
WILLIAM A. DEANS. WILLIAM A. DEANE.
TAX COLLECTOR.
CORD H. WETJEN. EDWARD I. SHEEHAN.
TREASURER.
A. G. WIDBEU. HENRY & MARTIN.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR.
JOHN R. AITKEN. JOHN R. AITKEN.
SURVEYOR.
CHARLES S. TILTON. LOTT D. NORTON.
SUPERINTENDENT OF STREETS.
GEORGE W. ELDER. D. L. FARNSWORTH.
SUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLS.
R. H. WEBSTER. MADISON BABCOCK.
JUDGES OF SJPERIOR COURT.
C. K. BONESTELL,' CARROLL COOK,
CARROLL COOK, JOHN F. FINN,
JOHN F. FINN, JOHN HUNT,
JOHN HUNT. E. D. SAWYER.
JUDGES OF POLICE COURT.
JAMES A. CAMPBELL, JAMES A. CAMPBELLv
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN, CHARLES H. FORBES,
CHARLES A. LOW, HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN,
A. B. TREADWELL. CHARLES A. LOW.
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
JOSEPH E. BARRY, A. T. BARNETT,
G. W. F. COOK, JOSEPH E. BARRY,
G. C. GROEZINGER, E. C. CORDELL,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN, G. C. GROEZINGER.
O. K. McMURRAY. FRANK H. KERRIGAN.
SUPERVISORS.
Ist Ward JOHN HAVES Ist Ward JOHN HaTE 9
2d Ward D. W. WESSENBERG 2d Ward JEREMIAH BRQWELL
3d Ward JOHN L. HANLY 3d Ward SARGENT S. MORTON
4th Ward H. A. STEFFENS 4th Ward WILLIAM H. PHELPS
sth Ward...THOS. G. WALKINGTON sth Ward.. ..RICHARD VALENTINE
6th Ward JOHN LACKMANN 6th Ward W. E. LANE
7th Ward JAMES H. DALY 7th Ward JAMES H. DALY
Bth Ward THOMAS MORTON Bth Ward FRANK D. WORTH
9th Ward R- W. HEILMANN 9th Ward JOHN E. McDOUGALD
10th Ward EDWARD J. SMITH 10th Ward EDWARD J. SMITH
11th Ward CHARLES M. DEPEW 11th Ward B. H. BAUMEISTER
12th Ward E. H. AIGELTINGER 12th Ward.... JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE
SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
GEORGE I. DRUCKER, MARC ANTHONY,
C E. FREDERICKS, GEORGE S. BURNETT,
J. L. HALSTED, J. F. CLARK.
P. HAMMOND, H. L. CURTIS,
E. L. HEAD. C. T. DEANE,
WILLIAM A. KEMP, GEORGE I. DRUCKER,
W. T. KIBBLER, CHARLES H. HAWLEY,
G. A. KOHN, A. H. KAYTON,
E. H. MATTNER, E. H. LAKE,
WILLIAM H. POWERS, ANDREW McELROY,
DR. J. H. SOPER, JOHN T. REDMOND,
F. L. TURPIN. LINCOLN SONNTAG.
Brosnahan. S. Bachrach, M. J. Laymance.
The following are the vice presidents:
Democrats— W. W. Foote, John M. English.
C D Pierce, J. J. White, R. M. Fitzgerald,
Fred Becker. R. M. McKilllcan. William D.
English, M. F. Tarpey, John MeLeod, Thomas
W. Badger, C. A. Klose, A. Fonte, Charles
McCleverty, B. M^Fadden. Nathan Rouen*)?!-*.
Polk Gray, J. T. Glenn, Thomas Moran, E. C.
Boiler, D. Shakespeare, C. H. Brosnahan, B.
Bercovich, H. Troy, H. A. Luttrell, C. T.
Kerns. Dr. H. N. Rucker, Thomas CJarrity,
Charles Hersehfeldt, George H. Wheaton,
Judge John Garber, John Hayes. C. L. Cortage,
P. O'Kane, C. W. Logan, A. H. Wells. T. C.
Coogan. M. J. Laymance, D. W. La Fortune,
John R. Glascoek. Henry C. McPlke, Alexander
Hirshbers, Thomas Landregan. J. C. Bullock,
S. Bachrach. F. Meyer, A. J. Holland. L. God
chaux, J. W, Laymance, Dr. A. Fine, C. C.
MarsTi. Dr. J. M. Shannon. Thnmnn Afrnew,
Thnmaa Ashcroft, Captain Edward Hackett, E
R. Ellis. John Hackett, W. H. Worley, Martin
Ryan. Henry C. McPlke, G. A. Stevens. A. F.
Poirler, Owen Lafferty, T. C. Stoddard, John
Aubrey Jones. Owen Rooney, George Earl,
Walter J. Matthews, Walter Smuthe, J. E.
MeElrath. E. 8. Lur.d, A. A. Demars, Captain
J. T. Jones. James Henneberry, C. D. O'Gara.
Carl Iverson, T. H. Murray, A. P. Hayno,
George Johnson, Charles B. Gould, P. E. Dal
ton, John Commant. J. A. GiUlet, Aaron Fl
bush. Frank J. Moffit, P. Flynn, A. F. St.
Sure.
Silver Republicans— Daniel Stuart, A. J.
Grejrg, J. M. Moore. N. J. Maneon. G. W. Kraft.
P. B. Preble, R. B. Meyers. J. M. Doyle. M.
L. Gray, B. C. Allyn, Charles W. Pangburn,
E. C. Hodklni". O. M. SanfoM. F. J. Gregory,
J. W. Dutton. Charles Husband. Dr. A. F.
Childs, W. H. Loomls. C. E. Lloyd, J. A.
Jones. C. B. White, J. P. Garllck, E. M. Gib
son, E. A. Holman, J. H. Fuller. J. J. Man
ning. S. Goodenough, A. C. Krueger. J. 8.
Nicholas, Burdette Cornell. H. T. Bryant. S.
A. Taft, J. A. Hennessey, A. B. Bennlsnn, C. S.
Prescott, B. F. Calhoun, O. T. Denlson, J. D.
Shepard.
People's party— Willflim Westphal. A. Budleu,
P. B. Merie. M. T. Barber, C. O. Evans. A. S.
Cohn. C. Paul. Percy Young, O. A. Lane, B.
H. Wolfe, C. P.. Rutherford. D. W. Tomblln,
T. J. Pearee, Peter Baker, W. H. Gould. O. K.
Young. H. A. Ingalla, W. F. Blood, H. E.
Bullock, F. R. Jones. Byron Davenport. W.
F. Wcod. J. J. Warner, Charles Babb. Perry
Wall, John Conant.
Indorsed the State Ticket.
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District
Democratic Club met last night and In
dorsed the State Democratic ticket as a
whole. The club then placed Itself on
record as favoring the nominations of
James D. Phelan for Mayor, M. C Haley
for County Clerk and T. J. Mcßride for
Assemblyman from the Thirty-fourth Dis
trict.
Veterans Protest.
A joint meeting of the Union Veterans*
Patriotic League, the Naval Veterans'
Legion of California and the Harrison'
Camp Army and Navy Republican Vet
erans, comprising a thousand members
was heid last evening for the purpose
of participating in the ensuing State elec
tion. Quite a large representation from
each organization was present. S. Smith
called the meeting to order. James M
Sloane acted as secretary. The chair
man stated that a large number of vet
erans throughout the country are becom
ing dissatisfied with the want of consid
eration received from the Republican nar
ty; that the time had about arrived when
they should call a halt. The Republican
party has forgotten that the veterans of
the civil war saved the Union, and now
every pledge made to them is being vio
lated and ignored.
A Growing Club.
The Twenty-eighth . District Republican
Club held its regular weekly meeting last
night, with E. Thomas in the chair. The
entire ; State , ticket and ■ the candidacy of
Julius Kahn were ■ indorsed with great*'
enthusiasm. Ringing speeches were made
by members of the > club, who - united in
prophesying a great victory, for the party
A committee ; was appointed to arrange
hSd^n^h- * : ratification I meeting to be
neia •in • the - near ■ future. Thirty-five
are m n Wv^ added *? the TOll and therl
are plenty more coming.
■■■: •■; •. f . ■ -.•:■:•■ .^.■/..-..
Young Eepublicans Entertain.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 15.-The entertain
ment given by the Young Men's Republi
can Club at its wigwam last evening was
largely attended and was a complete suc
cess. Many new members were added to
the roll, and the large audience wai de
lighted with the programme that had
been prepared for Its enjoyment.
v .MIX AS
A POLITICAL
MESSIAH
Organizer of the Land
and Labor Party.
DENOUNCED THE DEMOCRATS
BARRY AND HINTON WERE
HIS LIEUTENANTS.
Chapter o: Political History Con
tained in a Small But Interest
ing Pamphlet Issued in.
1887.
When James G. Magulre deserted the
Democratic party in liST he probably
had no Idea that in IS9B he would be
come the Populist-Silver Republican-
Democratic candidate for Governor.
Had the contrary been the case he
would" probably not have called the
members and leaders of the party bad
names nor would he have declared, as
he did declare, that he could no longer
associate with those members and lead
ers and retain his self-respect.
One of the reasons that induced Judge
Maguire to shake the dust of the Demo
cratic party from his feet was the be
lief that he had a "call." He believed
that he was the chosen disciple of a
new political religion that was to cure
all the ills to which the flesh is heir.
This party was the Land and Labor
party, and it was by promoting its
principles that Maguire hoped to
achieve greatness.
Judge Maguire made reference to this
new party in his letter declaring his
withdrawal from the Democratic party.
After briefly outlining its principles he
said:
"To the new party founded on these
principles, which I conceive to be the
very soul and essence of true democ
racy, all of the time which I can hence
forth give to the political service of my
country will be devoted."
There is still in existence a small,
paper-bound pamphlet that contains all
that is interesting to know of the party
that once held all the hopes and aims
of the present pinto candidate for Gov
ernor. It was issued early in the year
ISB7 from the printing office of James
11. Barry, the "logical successor of Ma
guire as Congressman from the Fourth
District." On one of the outer covers
of the pamphlet Barry makes public
the fact that he is the publisher of the
"Weekly Star, a journal of progress,
reform and literature." He also an
nounces that it is the "people's paper."
and that it is the "official organ of the
Land and Labor party of California."
In a footnote he says that "cv ./ yearly
subscriber paying in advance will be
prese nte i with a copy of Henry George's
famcue book, 'Progress and Poverty,'
or his latest work, 'Social Problems." "
The front-page announcement is that
the pamphlet contains the "principles,
constitution and pledge of the Land
and Labor party of California." The
contents of the pamphlet are as fol
lows:
LAND AND LABOR PARTY.
Central Authority of the Party in Cali
fornia.
State Organizer.... JAMES G. MAGUIRE
Deputy State. Organizer Peter Roberts
STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE:
JAMES G. MAGUIRE Chairman
Patrick McGreal Treasurer
Joseph Leggett Secretary
Peter Roberts, John d'Arcy,
F. B. Perkins. Wm. M. Hinton,
James H. Barry, Walter Gallagher,
K. M. Smith. C. A. Miller,
H. D. Wagnon.
Address:
420 California street, room 7, San Fran
cisco, Calif.
Communications should be addressed to
the secretary. Remittances to the
treasurer.
LAND AND LABOR PARTY OF CALI-
FORNIA.
PRINCIPLES.
I. What the Declaration of Independ
ence says:
The Declaration of Independence, drawn
in 1776 by Thomas Jefferson, affirms as
follows:
We hold these truths to be self-evident,
that all men are created equal, that they
are endow"fed by their Creator with cer
tain inalienable rights, that among these
are life, liberty and the pursuit of happi
ness. That to secure these rights gov
ernments are Instituted among men, de
riving their just powers from the con
sent of the governed: that whenever
any form of government becomes de
structive of these ends, it Is, the right of
the people to alter or abolish It and to
institute a new government, laying its
foundation oh such principles and organ
izing its powers in such form as to them
shall seem most likely to effect their
safety and happiness.
11. How the present Government vio
lates this doctrine.
We indorse every word in the above de
claration, and declare that the present
methods of administration of national.
State and municipal governments In the
United States are destructive of the ends
which are therein declared to be the
proper purposes of government, because—
First—Government permits the monopo
lization of land by individuals and syndi
cates, excluding the people from their
natural and rightful ownership of the
means of living, since the land of the
nation belongs to the people or the nation
and their title to it is an inalienable right.
Second— Government has permitted the
functions of transportation and communi
cation to be monopolized by artificial per
sons, called corporations, enabling them
to control the production and llx prices of
many necessaries >t life, dictate the pros
perity or destruction of towns, firms ana
Individuals, and thus levy unjust tribute
ui>on the people for the private benefit of
a very few.
Third— Government has otherwise grant
ed to particular persons and combinations
of persons special privileges, above and
LeyonO their general rights as citizens,
whereby they arc enabled to unduly con
trol the legislative, executive and Judicial
departments of the Government, to the in-
Jury of the State and nation, and of the
people thereof.
111. What the Land and Labor party de
mands.
Wt therefore declare that the applica
tion of the following principles to the
affairs of government is absolutely de
manded by the public necessities:
First — That taxation should be
laid only on land values exclusive of
buildings and other improvements.
Second— That all poll taxes, road
taxes, license charges on business
(except for the protection of public
morals), and all taxes on personal
property should be abolished.
Third — That specie and paper cur
rency sho'ild be issued exclusively by
the National Government, and that
the present national bank system
should be abolished.
■ Fourth— That the Government should
assume the ownership and control of rail
road and telegraph lines.
Fifth— That the Importation of alien
contract labor, and the use of domestic
convict labor in competition with free la
bor are public evils and should be prohib
ited
Sixth— That United States Senators
should be elected by the direct vote of the
people. «
Seventh— That bribe giVng or taking in
order to influence political or official ac
tion should permanently disqualify the of
fender for the exercise of the elective
franchise, and for holding any public of
fice.
Eighth— That the importation or immi
gration of Chinese should be prohibited,
and it should be the policy of the State
and the people to discourage the employ
ment of Chinese in any kind of industry.
Ninth— That the waters of the State
should be the general property of the
whole people, to be held and distributed
under the public authority.
Tenth— That the ownership of land by
aliens should be prohibited.
It is idle to expect the promotion
of these principles by any existing
political party. Therefore the pro
ducers of the country are impelled to
independent political action as the
Land and Labor party, pledging
themselves and the organization to
secure by every lawful means the
election of officials who shall embody
these principles in laws and shall
carry them into practical effect.
CONSTITUTION.
(Local Club.)
I.
This Club shall be known as Land and
Labor Club No. — of , California.
Its purposes are to maintain and advo
cate the principles of the Land and Labor
party, and to further such political action
as that party may propose in this State.
Til.
The officers of this club shall be a Pres
ident, Vice President, Secretary and
Treasurer, who. with the addition of three
members to be chosen by a majority vote
by and from the members of the club,
shall constitute the Executive Board of
the club.
The officers shall perform the duties
usually appertaining to their espective of
fices.
Any citizen of California shall he eligible
to membership if he be willing to take the
subjoined pledge. Every new member
shall be required to pay his initiation fee
and one month's dues in advance and to
sign the annexed pledge and platform.
No non-member shall be permitted to par
ticipate in discussion.
i The initiation fee shall be $1 00, and the
; monthly dues — cents.
The club shall hold meetings every
week for the purpose of reading se
lections from "Progress and Poverty"
or "Social Problems" or other eco
nomic works for discussion thereon,
and the transaction of necessary
business.
The treasurer shall make a quarterly
report of all moneys received and dis
bursed by the club, which shall be exam
ined and verified by the executive board,
I and shall forward monthly to the treas
urer at San Francisco the sum of 10 cents
I per member, to be expended by the State
I Central Committee in extenuing the work
of the party throughout the State.
The following shall be the order of busi
ness at the regular meetings of the club:
1. Calling of the roll.
2. Introduction and election of members.
3. Payment of dues.
4. Proposition of new members.
5. Reading of communications; miscel
laneous business.
6. Regular literary exercises, which
must be educational, instructing the
members on the principles of the party
and qualifying them to take an active
part in promising its influence and power.
A proper person shall be selected to act
as reader, who • 'iall read at oach meet-
I ing at least one chapter of the works
i named in article VII of this constitution,
I and discussion shall be had thereon, each
speaker being allowed five minutes, and
; no member to speak more than once until
| all have spoken who so desire. The regu
| lar reading and discussion may be sup
plemented by reading of original or se
i lected articles.
7. Adjournment.
PLEDGE.
I pledge myself to obey the laws
and rules of the Land and Labor
) party that are or may be established;
j that I will use my best efforts to se
, cure harmony in all its deliberations;
that I will use every proper means
to promote its purpose; that I will
vote for and support with all my in
fluence the candidates it may agree
upon for public office, municipal,
to promote its purposes; that I will
licly maintain and defend its men
and measures whenever called upon !
to do so; that on election day I will
work at the polls as directed by the
executive committee, and that I will
keep secret all the private transac
tions of the executive committee and
of the club.
It will be noticed that many of the
gentlemen who at that time associated
themselves with Maguire for the pur
poses set forth in the pamphlet are still
with him and are now either assisting
him to control the affairs of the Popu
list, Silver Republican and Democratic
parties or are themselves candidates for
office. Among the number whose names
are more familiar to the general public
are Joseph Leggett, James H. Barry,
William M. Hinton and Walter (kil
lagher. In ISB6 Hinton was a candidate
for Mayor on the Labor ticket and re
ceived 1435 votes. In the following year
he and Barry and the others joined Ma
guire, the Land and Labor party Mes
siah. Now they are stanch Democrats,
enthusiastic Populists and conservative
Silver Republicans — and are all candi
dates for office.
Dewey Republicans.
The executive committee of the Dewey
Central Republican Club met last evening
at headquarters in the Columbian build
ing. P. B. Gallagher presided. The com
mittee on conference reported progress
and was granted a further extension of
time.
On motion the secretary was instructed
to notify all members to meet at their
clubrooms in order to attend in a body the
ratification meeting on Saturday evening.
P. H. Lynch, Charles Carlson and R.
R. Soloman were appointed a committee
on banner, with instructions to procure a
permit to stretch the same across Market
street.
The Curry Club.
The Curry Republican Club's meeting
Wednesday night was the brightest and
most enthusiastic held by that club since
the opening of the campaign. B. .... j.racy
presided, and named as an executive com
mittee C. C. Morris, J. W. Wadswortn, F.
E. Wallace, James -Gllleran, R. Schleuter,
Bert Mahoney and W. Cavanaugh. After
the routine business was disposed of spir
ited addresses were made by Messrs.
Walsor, Curry and Colonel Eddy, all of
whom indorsed the entire State ticket.
Eighty-seven new members signed the
roll, making a total membership of 367.
Railroad Republican Club.
The United Railroad Republican Club
held a meeting at Washington Hall, 35
Eddy street, last evening. Frank Bell
presided. Some seventy applications were
received and placed on their roll, making
a total membership of 880. Speeches were
made by T. L. Ford, nominee for Attor
ney General, Colonel Roberts. Major Kyle
and others. The club was also entertained
with songs by G. W. Wlnan and William
Ramsey. The Market-Street Railway
band rendered some of their latest music.
The meeting adjourned to meet two weeks
from last night.
Indorsed Judge McFarland.
A large number of new members signed
the roll of the Gage and Neff Republican
Club at its weekly meeting last Monday
evening In Brockman's Hall.
Judge T. B. McFarland was unanimous
ly indorsed for Associate Justice by the
club, as was also Samuel Solomon, candi
date for the nomination for the Assembly
from the Twenty-ninth District.
Short speeches were delivered by Joseph
Carroll, Charles Jenkins, Thomas Brock
man and Robert Jerome. The club now
has a large membership, but at every suc
ceeding meeting more names are added to
the roll.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1898.
WOULD PRESIDE OVER ALAMEDA'S MORGUE.
A Lady, a Doctor and an Undertaker Are in the Contest for the
Office of Coroner Across the Bay.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Miss Bessie Wood of East Oakland believes there should be a female in the Coroner's
office, and it Is not improbable that the young lady may decide to be a candidate for the office. This is not a new
idea with Miss Wood, and the project has during the past two years received much sympathy from the people of
this city. There is always a bitter contest for the office of Coroner, and Miss Wood believes that if a lady entered
the race some of the gentlemen might be inclined to give way to her; but she admits that she has found little chiv
alry in politics. As an inducement to those who might support her, she has promised to give a cardinal necktie to
every juror who may sit on an inquest over which she presides. Her opponents for the office are James Taylor, an
undertaker who says there is so much profit in the business that he could afford to be Coroner and give all the lees
to the Associated Charities, and Dr. ivlehrman, who is out in earnest for the Republican nomination, but who holds
out no bribe, declaring that a laborer is worthy of his hire.
NON-PARTISANS
AGREE ON A
PLATFORM
Stand on a Dollar-
Limit Tax Levy.
A VERY LIVELY SESSION
PUBLIC OFFICIALS HELD UP
FOB CRITICISM.
Delegate Webster Wanted the Party
to Denounce Certain Supervis
ors and School Directors
for Past Acts.
The Citizens' Non-Partisan conven
tion met in the Academy of Sciences
building last night and after a lengthy
discussion adopted the platform pre
sented a week ago. A few minor
changes were made in it.
J. S. Webster made two ineffectual
attempts to have a plank put in the
platform denouncing the Supervisors
and members of the Board of Educa
tion who he considered had betrayed
the pledges given by them when they
were nominated by the party two years
ago. Webster made a persistent fight,
but was outvoted each time.
After the calling of the roll, Chairman
Fitch announced that the first order of
business wo-uld be the adoption of a
platform.
E. J. Le Breton then said that he did
not consider the plank relating to the
pledging of the legislative nominees to
ratify the new charter strong enough.
He believed that all legislative i^spir
antß coming before the convention for
nomination or indorsement should be
required to sign a written pledge to
support the charter before their names
were voted upon. After a discussion
lasting over half an hour it was decided
to amend that section of the platform
so as to conform with the ideas of Le
Breton.
The next objection raised was to the
section providing that the tax levy be
fixed at $1 on the $100 on an assessed
valuation of $350,000,000.
Ex-Mayor Ellert was of the opinion
that it would be impossible to keep
within that limit on an assessed valua
tion of $350,000,000. He believed that
the limit should be placed at $1 on the
$100, exclusive of the amount necessary
to be raised for the interest for the
sinking fund and the improvement of
public parks and squares.
The majority of the delegates did not
agree with Ellert, however, and the sec
tion v-as allowed to stand as originally
presented.
Delegate Mahoney next objected to
the pure food section of the platform.
"The expenses of the Board of
Health have been raised from $25,000
to $125,000 a year within a few months,"
said he, "and I do not consider that we
can indorse any sach expenditure. I
believe that we should indorse the
pure food campaign, but not the ex
travagant manner in which it is being
carried out."
Delegates Denicke and Sbarboro
spoke in favor of the section, and said
that while the work of forcing dealers
to sell pure food might be costly, many
lives had been saved, especially those
of infants.
Delegate Cummings believed that the
entire section should be stricken out,
and very broadly intimated that the
pure-food laws were being used for
purposes of extortion.
"It is now a case of pay," said he, "or
be killed if you are in business."
George Center gave it as his opinion
that there were too much extrava
gance in the management of the pure
food department.
"While lam in accord with any
health measure," said he, "I must say
that I believe too much money Is being
spent on the pure-food question."
When the question of striking out the
section was put to a vote, it was de
feated by an almost unanimous vote.
J. S. Webster then exploded a bomb
shell by moving that section 15, endors
ing the administration of Mayor Phe
lan, be stricken out and that the fol
lowing section be inserted in its stead:
The administration of municipal affairs
during the past two years has been a de
plorable failure, due to the violation of
their pledges by the majority of the
Board of Supervisors and the Board of
Education. We especially condemn Law
rence Devany of the Board of Supervis
ors, and Charles L. Barrington, Thomas
Carew and Samuel L. Waller of the
Board of Education, nominees of the
Non-Partisan party, who have proven
false to the trust reposed in them by us,
and who have been conspicuously guilty
with the other members of the majority
of both boards in a shameless disregard
of the interests of the citizens. In strike
ing contrast to their shameful actions,
we warmly commend the manly and hon
est course of C. A. Clinton, Washington
Dodge and John Lackmann of the Board
of Supervisors. We also heartily com
mend the able and efficient administra
tion of Mayor Phelan, In the fearless per
formance of his official duty at all times.
Delegate Cummings at once objected
to the plank.
"We are preparing a platform,"
said he, "and I always understood that
a platform was a declaration of prin
ciples, not a denunciation of men."
"I object to the indorsement of
Washington Dodge," exclaimed George
Center, "for he is a pledge-breaker. If
we are going to mention any names let
us mention all our faithful public ser
vants."
Webster explained that while there
were other worthy officials, his reso
lution only dealt with those who were
nominated by the Non-Partisans.
Ex-Mayor Ellert took the floor in de
fense of Dr. Dodge and indignantly de
nied that the Supervisor from the Sixth
Ward had ever broken any pledges.
Barclay Henley said that he believed
in placing the brand on all unfaithful
officials and those who were recreant
to the trust reposed In them.
Delegates Hallidayand Cummings ob
jected to introducing the resolution as
being made part of the platform, and
finally got a ruling from the chairman
that the matter was out of order. The
original section was thereupon allowed
to stand.
Webster made another attempt to get
the convention to place itself on record
and offered the substitute as a resolu
tion. He was beaten again, for a mo
tion to lay the entire subject matter
on the table was carried without fur
ther debate.
A letter from Mayor Phelan, accept
ing the nomination for Mayor, was
read and a committee of three was
appointed to Invite him to attend the
next session of the convention.
An adjournment was then taken un
til next Thursday nlgrht.
Students' Club Reorganized.
The students' club of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District reorganized last night
for the coming campaign with fifty new
signatures to the roll. The club has in
dorsed Judge A. B. Treadwell for Police
Judge, and intends to make a strong flgnt
In his behalf. The following officers were
elected: T. S. Cotter, president; P. Deasy,
vice-president; J. Gorham, recording sec
retary; J. Johnson, financial secretary; T.
White treasurer. Executive Committee —
J. Kane. J. Hughes, W. Parker, E. Bar
rett and W. Riley.
Maguire Club Organized.
A James G. Maguire Club was organ
ized at Ocean View last evening. The of
ficers elected were: President, J. T. Den
ahy; secretary, William Cannon; treas
urer, T. Sermatter; sergeant at arms,
William Crane; executive committee— S.
Mnrgon, T. Tyne, J. H. McKean, M.
O'Hare and William M. Doyle. Several
speakers addressed the meeting.
A resolution indorsing the candidacy of
James G. Maguire for Governor and R.
A. Thompson for Secretary of State was
adopted.
Cheered for Maguire.
The regular meeting of the Maguire
Club of the Thirty-eighth District was
held last evening at Powers' Hall, Turk
and Pierce streets. Hon. William Craig,
candidate for Congress; Hon. Henry Gos
ford, from the Democratic State Central
Committee, and Charles S. Peery ad
dressed the club, and created the most in
tense enthusiasm. The meeting adjourned
amid loud applause for Maguire and the
State ticket.
Fraudulent Names Expunged.
The Board of Election Commissioners
held a meeting yesterday and ordered
some 300 names stricken from the register
of voters, on the recommendation of Reg
istrar Biggy, who had found them to be
fraudulent. Commissioner Gallagher was
empowered to act for the board in con
sidering another list of several hundred
names which will probably be presented
to-day to the Registrar and formally
stricken out.
The board notified the Merchants' Asso
ciation that it could not guarantee the ap
pointment of j)erpous who were named by
the association for officers of election, but
that its list would receive due considera
tion if presented.
CADETS WILL ENTERTAIN.
Musical and Literary Programme
Being Arranged by Company
M, L. C. C.
A literary and musical entertainment
will be given under the auspices of Com
pany M of the League of the Cross Cadets
Thursday evening, October 30, at St.
Mary's Hall, in the basement of the
church. Every effort Is being made to
make the affair both an artistic and finan
cial success. A well arranged and inter
esting programme has been prepared and
will be rendered under the immediate di
rection of the cadets.
The advance sale of tickets has been en
couraging, and it is expected that the en
tertainment will be supported liberally by
the general public. Admission will be 25
cents.
The wonderful part of the Maxim gun
is that it has only one barrel and yet
it can discharge 600 shots in one min
ute.
STRAIGHT-OUT
POPULISTS IN
CONVENTION
Their Alameda County
Ticket Named.
OMAHA PLATFORM ADOPTED
A DIRECT BLOW AIMED AT
SHERIFF WHITE.
Under the Ruling of Secretary Brown
the Party Anticipates No Dif
ficulty in Getting on the
Ticket.
Oakland office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Sept. 15.
The straight Populists, the middle-of
the-road people, unadulterated with any
Maguire Ingredient, held their county
convention In Fraternal Hall to-night and
nominated the following ticket, leaving
all vacancies to be filled by the County
Central Committee: County Clerk. G. It.
Read of Alameda; Sheriff, Sam Heller,
Oakland; Tax Collector, J. C. Esf.ey, Enst
Oakland; Treasurer, W. El. Miller. Oak
land; Recorder, Dr. R. Hesse, Oakland;
Auditor, Fred T. Hale. Oakland; District
Attorney, J. K. Pierson, Oakland: As
sessor, J. I. Van Buskirk, Oakland; Su
perintendent of Schools, Edgar Markham
of Oakland; Coroner, Dr. J. L. Keller,
Oakland; Public Administrator, T. T.
Frickßtad, East Oakland; Surveyor, no
nomination; Supervisors— Second District,
A. A. Silver; Third District, E. P. Maxey;
State Senator, Twenty-sixth District, B.
K. Lowe; Assemblyman— Forty-first Dis
trict, R. H. Shaw of Warm Springs; For
ty-seventh District, S. G. Mitchell of Ala
meda; Forty-eighth District, D. R. Ford
of Oakland; Forty-ninth District, George
11. Wright of Lorin; Fiftieth, W. F. Blfss
of Oakland; Fifty-first, A. T. Dewey of
Oakland; Justices of the Peace— Oakland
Township, Joseph E. Innes and W. J. Og
lesby; Brooklyn Township, E. A Moody.
Constables — Oakland Township, Joseph L,.
Palinbaum; Brooklyn Township, Franic
Cartier and G. L. Aurticen.
The following new auditing committee
was appointed: J. J. Menges, Charles
Rogers, Jameß Grimmings, c. U. Hitch
cock, C. J. K. Jellstrom. The County Cen
tral Committee as selected heretofore
was indorsed to act during the campaign.
A. A. Bretz was elected chairman ajid
C. N. Hitchcock secretary, assisted by F.
T. Hale. The basis of representation was
ten delegates to each of tne six Assembly
districts in the county, and of these sixty
at least fifty were in attendance. The
Forty-sixth was filled up with Populists
from other districts. TJie platform as re
ported by Dr. J. U. Oberg and adopted re
aflir.nfc the Omaha platiorm of 1592 and
the straight Populist State platform of
July 14, 1898. It favors the enforcement
of all constitutional laws pertaining to
school books and also favors the consti
tutional amendment referring to the
county government act and a curtailment
of all county expenses. It pledges the
legislative candidates, if elected, in favor
of municipal ownership and control of
public utilities; it condemns all those
elected upon the Populist party platform
who have violated their pledges to the
people, especially where they lobbied
against a reduction of salaries, which
they had previous to election so earnestly
espoused, and therefore declares them no
longer representatives of the party.
During the evening a collection was
taken to defray all expenses, ajad $6 35
vas realized.
The paragraph in the platform relating
to salaries Is especially directed at Sheriff
White. W. J. Oglesby, nominated for
Justice of the Peace, is an Afro-American
attorney. F. J. Gregory, chairman of the
fusion county committee, was Invited to
a seat on the platform, but positively de
clined. Under the ruling of Secretary
of State Brown, the party claims it will
not have any difficulty in- getting on the
ticket.
MAGUIRE VISITS HIS
WATSONVILLE HOME
Given a Splendid Reception by Men
of All .Parties — Trouble in ti-e
Fusion Camp.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., Sept. 15. -This
was a great Democratic-Popunst day for
Watsonville. The Populist and Demo
cratic conventions met during the day,
and James G. Maguire and E. L. Hutchi
son held forth at the opera house in the
evening. Some time ago fusion com
mittees from the two county committees
were appointed for the purpose of effect
ing fusion. To-day their report was sub
mitted. The Democrats readily adopted
it, as they secured the bulk of tne patron
age offices. In the Populist convention
there was a protest on Its adoption, but
the report was finally adopted, and as a
result one-third of the convention bolted.
THE EMPORIUM. |
*&************** *************** ***********%
fr.-v '■ '•' -: ''""v' '•'-■' ■'■;■'■'■" " :r . ■' "' ' "'"• "'■ ■' - : '"':>"
fr 7 The great historical painting, "Sheridan's Ride," by the poet- 1
\ I Thomas Buchanan Read, now on free exhibition inthe big store. H
* •""7* —^ *
\ A.llt^lay Special Sale* ;
ft, UDIES' AND CHILDREN'S GLOVES -The biggest and best bargain of th c «
> year— Black and colored Ki. Gioves— 2 clasp, 4 button, 5 ant 7 hhootk — th c V
► I sizes range in ■ ladits' black, 5^ to 6%* ladies' colored, 5^ to 754; misses V 4% ;
r to — regular values are Si, 5i. 25 and 1.50. pair, but because of slight im- ,
P perfections that are only noticeable upon careful Inspection, and will rA >••«
j, not affect the wear, your choice to-day 0n1y.............. .....DUC ,
v\ ".'''.^\'X':--. ". / ' ' ' ' ' : '.i ■■ -|*
* CHILDREN'S SHOES-SCO pairs of. Kid Lace and But- PP=5) '
fk ton Shoes lor misses and children — new coin toe style — ]• A/I '
► J patent leather tips— -sewed soles— spring heels— stylish Wy '
fr and warranted good wearers— on sale to-day :: nm^\ ''\
£ Sizes Bto n~......... ...........90c >qSSvV/ <
£ Sizes lik to 2...,. .........................SUO ']§f\y] '
J , PRINTED INDIA SILKS— 2B-inch very heavy 75c and J%T^S^ '
0, $1 qualities — stylisn Bayadere and scroll designs r r\ $%^^^ '
fr —for tn-dnv only— ier yard....;.... "... 3UC ' '
»■;■ PRINTED INDIAS AND FOULARDS-24 inches wide-nice color as- \, r\ '
J sortment—tne 8;, an J ooc yard qualities— for Bargain Friday........... 4UC <
* PRINTED INDIA SILKS-24 inches wide— large assortment light and >>n '
*. dark colorings— he 50;, 60: and 89c" qualities— to-day OUC ■ '
* ONYX TOP; TABLES-33 only— finish fancy brass parlor * -» /A :<
tables with onyx tops— sale all day if quantity, lasts at 4>Z.6U '
* - ■ i^-^^h. 1 :: — ~ ~~ — ~~ — c — ; — ■ '
* i^S\ v MEN'S UNION SUITS— Made of Jong fiber Egyptian yarn '
* W*\ handsomely tinisheLi— our regular $1.50 garment— no !
* V'\ J. the perfection of comfort— to-day only ....*........ 7 OC ,
* Iff , '7>\\- ■ BOYS SUITS, $1.29—150 2-piece knee pants suits in fall \
* / A •h\ wel ! its— all this season's manufacture that retail regularly ■"■ ,
a- l^() /') forJr -75 and $2, but odd lots that we wish to close *■* -»A 1
■*'■' Vv ' / out— sizes 7to 14 years— on sale to-day, only for 4> \*l>V .
■*• 1 H-111, , :B ? YS ' SIITS) $ '- 49 -75 Navy Blue Sailor Suits-extra
* \: l' '// g blou<:es — deep oraid-trimmed collars— knee pants— '
'* \ V //, ?J z °? 3to 8 years— our regular $2.00 qualities— >*AQ '
* \\rVs Fridav -0n1y..^,V?.C::...:...-....-. ..„„:.........: $J. 47 '
A 1 //>A BOYS' YACHT CAPS—Navy blue 1. T~~^^-, ~ :; !
* \\\ / BOYS ' YACHT CAPS— Navy blue <T
* Vi-( xgs flannel — the popular shape for 4 / V^.-Sl -^Jl!&r '; ■'
* rr^^^=" . boys 3to 8 years to-day....... >OC i^^;" 7^^^^ ' |
* LAUNDRY BAGS— Best quality duck and ticking— the 48c, 58c and < O
jt 68: grades— slightly soiled, so all reduced for to-day's sale to >7C :
* DENIM TABLE COVERS— 1 yard Denim or ticking embroi- -30
* dered anJ IringeJ— regular price 75c— to-day................... <J/C
* '"■" LADIES' BELTS— Leather and fancy, in black and colors— the 25c 4/-
> kind— reduced tor Friday t0......... ...! lOC^I OC^
*■■ •■ ■ % - : ; — . . _ — /
* ; ; LADIES' BELTS— Leather in black and colors— plain or nickeled buckles,
? and patent button fasteners — the 45c and 50c belt reduced for Friday ->/- '
J to ........:.............. .......;... .........:. 25c
&■■•_ _ v - : .'■;■• -. .. -' = ■■
* . l.\ FRUIT CAKE— The good rich cake, made with imported currants and -%/-
* Sultana raisins, that we sell regularly 50c pound — to-day, Friday, only
♦ Groceries and Liquors — Friday and Saturday.
,*' Biid Seed, plain or mixej, worth Old Crow Bourbon Whis- d* q p-r\
* now 5c Ib — for the two days 3:< r\" ky, 1890, regularly $5 gal... 4>>J»OU
* 1b5.......... >UC
t i-lb bars good laundry d; 1 nn , Extra Port Wine, regular- *« 4 *
I soap-40 f0r......... ......... .>>J.UU 1y 51.50 ga110n......... ...4>>,lU
* Emporium 35c Mocha and oq. '• Choice Old Sherry, reg- <t f OA
* Java Coffee-i Ib-.. - O\JC ularly j2j 2 ga110n..:.-....^..?.. $ K 3O
T v Imported Capers— large 35c *yr . , ■ • •-•.■• - , ' ...
J bottles ..;... z^ c . E. & J. Burkes Genuine Guin-
#l ' ib-oz. bottles Pimolas, regu- r%r£ ness' Extra : Stout, 2 days, &><■% s\(\
* lar.y 30c, f0r............. /QC. dcz5n........ ....:....... 4>Z.UU
I P Ooldten Rule Bazaar. *
It is said that they will put a middle-of
the-road ticket in the field.
The Populists made the -ollowing nom
inations: Dißtrict Attorney WF-Nether
ton; Assessor. James Griffin. Auditor, a.
Kaldine Sr • Tax Collector, W. R. Spnn
eer Coroner Dr. Clarke. Th- Detnocrßta
nTminS the following: Assemblyman,
Thomas Beck; Sherift. E. A. Aliau.t..on,
Clerk. Ed Daubenbiss; Treasurer E.G.
Greene: Recorder. S. W. Coffman, Su
pervisor. Edward White.
As this was the home of James G. Ma
puire during his boyhood da-s and as he
has always been a frequent visitor here
since his entrance into public life, of
course nis reception here to-night was a
big success. Party lines were obliterated
for the time being, and every one turned
out to give a favorite son of the Pajaro
a rousing reception. His a.idress was lis
tened to with rapt attention. Candidates
Hutchison, Barlow and Toland also ad
dressed the meeting.
San Diego's Republican Ticket.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 15.— The Republican
County convention was heid here to-day.
Simon Levi was chosen chairman. The
following nominations were made for
county officers: Frank S. Jennings, Sher
iff- E E. Shaffer. Auditor; J. F. Forward,
Recorder; George D. Goldman, County
Clerk The legislative ticket is as fol
lows: Senate. Fortieth District A E.
Nutt; Assembly. Eightieth District, A. S.
Crowrter; Seventy-ninth District, Lewis
R The°reßolutlonß indorsed U. S. Grant for
United States Senat<y_
INGLESIDE COURSING CLTJB.
The Drawing for a Non-Winners' and
Champion Stake Took Place
Last Night.
The Interstate Coursing Uub held a
large and enthusiastic meeting at Pyth
ian Castle last evening, and at the com
mencement of the meeting President D.
Shannon announced that in the futura
the club would be known and operated as
the Ingleside Coursing Club. There were
two drawings for next Saturday and Sun
day's meetings, which will consist of a
non-winners' and a champion stake. There
were forty-two entries in the former
stake and twenty in the latter. The prizes
will amount to 1960. The drawings resulted
as follows:
Champion stake— Kay ft Trant'B Eclipse vs.
F Moran's False Flatterer: V. Shannon's J>ou
brette vs. P. Brophy's LJenlcia Boy: T. .T. Mc-
Inerney's Johnnie R vs. Hanrahan & O'Neil'a
Mercury Love £ Thompson's Pr.nce Ha! vs.
J Sheehan's Lass o f Gnwrle; P. J. G. Kenna'a
Mlrarnonte vs. A. Haight's Hadiwlst: James
Ryrr.es' Mohawk vs. Ilanrahnn & O Neil s
Promise Me: Love & Thompson's Patria vs. A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty: RusseM & W 11- .
son's Lndy Herschel vs. John Eagan's May
flower: James Dean's Mialmo vs. James Dean s
Gladiator: P. J. G. Kenna's Flying Buck vs.
I. L. Sears' Hot Stuff.
Non-winners' stake— Deckelman & Penario 9
Gl'en Chloe vs. Larkey & Rock's Emerald;,
J»mes Byrnes' Clipper vs. J. Murray s Mary
X- F Dwyer'B Bchley vs. Dillon & Rellly's
Dauntless: James Byrnes' Nelly B vs. F.
Moran's Flying Faster: Lynch & Mailer's Da
kota vs. G. Lahnsen's Preclta Girl; Kay ft
Trpnt's Klllarney Lass vs. A. A. Duncan's
Royal Chief r S. E. Portal's Our Boy vs. Al
fred HalKhfs Hattie: Love & Thompson's Sir
■\Villful vs. I. I-. Sears' Beauty: GUson &
Moore's Monitor vs. T. F. Logan's Miss Griz
-le- "W Badger's Minnie B vs. Derby Kennels'
Donald: O. H. Hoag's Decorator vs. B. J.
Hendy's Harkaway; V. Guerrero's Winded
Foot vs. A. T. Lynrh's AJax; F. Moran's Snap
shot vs. J. Farley's Mystic; H. Weber's Mon
tnna vs. P. J. G. Kenna's Sunburst; James
Cox's Mission Tip vs. Russell & Wilson's
Glen Rosa; P. J. G. Kenna's Fox Kenny vs.
James Dean's Brillianttne; J. Farley's Tuna
more vs. J. T. O'Brien's Sharkey; 8. Hansen's
L S Conley vs. A. Massey's Persimmons; O.
H. Hoag Jr.'s Obadlah vs. T. McEldowney's
The Gossoon; P. J. G. Kenna's Fear Not v«.
T. Hughes' Nelly H: Dillon ft Rellly's Tranu
wall vb. Penelope Kennels' San Mateo; H. Al
len's May W vs. D. Shannon's Swinnerton; J.
I Kerrigan's St. Gertrude vs. F. J. G. Kenna's
I THE EMPORIUM.
Rockel; F. A. Gaffney's Sprig o' the Hill vs
A. Vandenburgh's Hobson; C. Strebe's Sky
lark vs. James Cox's Clifton Lass: F. Brown's
Rosalie vs. M. C. Delano's Daisy Hill; F A
Gaffney's Ix>rraine vs. Derby Kennels' little
Dorrit; P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit vs. F Mo
ran's Van Kirk: A. Trant's Telephone Girl vs
William Perry's Campania: P. J. G. Kenna'«
Royal Buck vs. Dillon & Reilly's Revolver; A
Johnson's Lissak vs. J. Murnane's Miss Divi
dend; F. G. Fen-ti man's Whitehall vs. C
Strehl's Jimmy Cork.
WOLCOTT FOR GOVERNOR.
Senator's Brother Named by Colorado
Republicans.
DENVER, Sept. 15.— At the Republican
State Convention to-day the following
ticket was placed in nomination:
Governor— Henry R. Wolcott of Denver.
Lieutenant Governor— Charles E. Noble
of Colorado Springs.
Secretary of State— W. H. Brisbane of
Leadvllle.
Treasurer— Fred O. Roof of Las Animaa
County.
Auditor— George S. Adams of Weld
County.
Attorney General— C. C. Goodale of
Prowers County.
Superintendent of Public Instruction-
Mrs. Lucy E. R. Scott of Denver.
Regents of the State University— Harry
B. Gamble. Boulder; Mrs. Jennie G. Cas
well. Grand Junction, and L. C. Greenlee,
Denver.
Chairman Central Committee— A. B.
Seaman of Denver.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUT THE MONEY IN BANK.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
: » Our. success during the past seventeen ' years
has convinced us ' that ''.we 'can' cure all dis-
eases . and ' weakness of men. ■ The price of ; a ■
cure may be deposited in ahy bank or repu-
table • business ; house iin San Francisco, ~ to ; be- *
paid to .- us : when the - patient is satisfied, anil
NOT BEFORE. .; ' : - :
, : Correspondence and all transactions sacredly,
confidential. ■:.; Private ' book and ■ advice, free at .-■
of flee, or by mall. . . .
731 Market St., San Francisco. ,
i ,\yr ■._■■■■ .. ■-■■-*:.. ■- ; -'■■-:: ' ■■-"■■ &
t i vr r«T r>ir i Ton Hours daily 8 to 12—1 to 5.
TAKE ELEVATOR Evenings 7 to 8.
Sundays 9 to 11.
Use F^k
Facial Soap -E£ / Facial Cream. .
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOH>T
j H WOODBIsttY, will make the : complexion '
I Clear, Soft ; and Beautiful' and the teeth white.
1 Sold everywhere. '^.Sfi&jEKK^!
56
FRIDAY .• SEPTEMBER 16, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKEJManager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Marßet and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! l«
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weak- By mall $6 per year^ per montfc
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.. Ont Y tQr - by maUl Sl - 50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
HEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfifta Hou««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GLORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 229' Market
ttreet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open
until 930 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK.
AMDS EM ENTi
Columbia- "A Milk. White Play."
Baldwin— "Camille."
Alcazar— " a Tragedy and "The First Born."
Morosco's— "Tho Land of the Living
Tlvoll—" Carmen."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Leading Man."
Allfambra, Eddy and Jones Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Flyht.
Clympia— Corner Mat-on and Eddy streets— specialties.
fcutro'B Baths- -Swimming. • '■'-.-•'-'.
MOGUIRE AND THE ORMY.
IT is still remembered that at the outbreak of war
with Spain Judge Maguire denounced the first acts
of the navy as no better than acts of piracy. He
was not sustained in this view by the public, and
later the courts decided him to be wrong. An ex
planation became necessary, and the Judge explained.
It was a remarkable effort. It simply deepened the
insult originally given. There was in it no note ot
apology and better for him had he kept silent than
opened his mouth and therein again tiirust his foot.
But a slur on the navy was not enough for Ma
guire. He has enlarged his view so a* to take in
the army as well, and from his ready tongue has
come abuse for part of the gallant force which fought
so valiantly amid the dangers of tropic Cuba. To
be sure, he said a word for the soldier, but upon the
War Department and army officials he pronounced a
verdict of "guilty" as to the charges of neglect and
incompetency. Who constituted him the tribunal?
By what means does he know there is truth in the
accusations? Many of these, most of them, come
from papers notorious for their venom and untruth.
As a matter of fact, Maguire talks in this fashion
because the struggle so brilliantly waged, and so soon
leading to triumph, honorable and complete, was
under the direction of a Republican administration.
He ignores the truth that an investigation has been
ordered; that the President, not content that rumor
should go unchallenged, has asked that representa
tive citizens of every party act as a committee to
ascertain where blame should rest, if blame there be.
No one is to be shielded. If there has been negli
gence and incompetency the names of the culpable
will be proclaimed, and by the very administration
which Maguire slanders.
This is a Republican year, and partly so by the
victory of our arms. It is a poor time to decry the
ability of the men who directed the war, or clamor
for the very evidence which the administration has
undertaken to secure, openly, fully and for the pur
pose of giving it to the world.
A DUTY OF PARENTS.
A STRIKING illustration of the extent and de
gree of the public interest in the problem of
protecting our common school system from
the domination and contamination of political bosses
is shown by the fact that the revolt of the pupils of the
San Jose High School has attracted attention and
won approving comment not only throughout Cali
fornia, but in the Eastern States. It is everywhere
recognized that while the contest is local, the issue
is national, and that the boys and girls of San Jose
are fighting a battle in which all Americans are more
or less concerned.
The Philadelphia Inquirer, after a review of the sit
uation in San Jose and a fair statement of the causes
that led up to it, says: "If this method of rebuking
recalcitrant or criminal School Boards were to be
come more popular the public would have far better
service than they have in some places at present.
There is too much carelessness in the way parents
hand over their most sacred duties, the education of
the young, to incompetent politicians."
This statement of the responsibility of parents with
respect to the management of the schools to which
their children are sent to be educated is not open to
any charge of exaggeration. There has been in all
American communities too much carelessness on the
part of the parents in such matters. San Francisco is
as justly subject to this reproach as any other city in
the Union. Here, as elsewhere, a profitable lesson
can be learned from what has been accomplished in
San Jose by the aroused conscience of parents toward
public school management.
In most cities and counties in the United States the
larger part of local taxes are levied for the purpose of
maintaining schools. There is therefore an important
monetary as well as educational interest involved.
Citizens should see to it that they get for their money
that for which the money was paid. A people who
know their rights, and have sufficient self-respect to
assert them, will not permit the money they pay for
the support of schools to be diverted to the support
of the henchmen of political bosses.
As the Baltimore American says: "To make the
child the victim of politics is about the meanest crime
a community can commit, and it must be remembered
that at the end of the argument the child is the vic
tim. A political public school system, therefore, is a
double robbery— it robs the parent, who gives the
money, and it robs the child."
The case of the spoliation of the San Jose High
School by the bosses of that city is an extreme one,
and it is not necessary that other communities should
resort to the drastic remedy undertaken there, but the
spirit that prompted the resort to that remedy is one
that it would be well to see everywhere aroused.
What has been done at San Jose has, therefore, been
widely beneficial. It has recalled popular attention to
the important issue at stake, and is felt as an incentive
toward action for the protection of the schools in al
most all sections of our widely extended Union.
Gomez is said to have resigned, but he doesn't feel
that way.
DE YOUNG'S ABSURD AMBITION.
IN the course of what he calls a "dignified" edi
torial Mr. M. H. de Young yesterday protested
against our expose of his designs upon the Fed
eral Senatorship. He feelingly deprecated the intro
duction of "personalities" into the campaign, es
pecially when they refer to himself and the plans of
his political bureau, arrogated to himself the right
to keep his secret thoughts dark when he wishes, de
clared that The Call exists only for the purpose of
venting the personal spites and wreaking the indi
vidual vengeance of its proprietor, and emitted a few
salty tears over the disastrous effect which the dis
ruption of his Senatorial plans (to his mind) will
have upon the party and its ticket.
In an interview in the Examiner Mr. De Young is
reported to have asked: "Why do The Call and Ex
aminer oppose me? Because they know there is a
growing feeling throughout the Mate for De Young
for United States Senator. I met a banker the other
day who said that four years ago he would have
opposed me for the Senate, but now he is ready to
vote for me. The same story comes to me from all
over the State. But I am not a candidate. I have
no money to give out or put into any political fights
— not a postage stamp. I worked too hard for it to
give it away in such fights."
The inconsistency of Mr. De Young's reply to our
charge that he is a candidate for the Senate, and, not
daring to appear boldly in the open, is making a still
hunt for legislators, may be stated in a few words:
Large numbers of people want him to run for Sen
ator, but he is not a candidate. We, being aware of
the public demand for him, oppor<e him for personal
reasons.
Mr. De Young is mistaken, however, in assuming
that our opposition to his candidacy is personal. We
beg to assure him that it is based upon the highest
and most patriotic of grounds. In the United States
Senate we know that he would not represent the State
of California; we know that he is conceited, selfish
and unpatriotic; that he desires the Senatorship
solely for the purpose of self-glorification; that he is
regularly attached to the Southern Pacific political
bureau; that Mr. Huntington is assisting his absurd
ambition in order that he and his ridiculous paper
may be kept in line; that, notwithstanding what the
banker told him, or what he hears from the country,
the people do not want him; that a Republican Leg
islature cannot be elected if it be known that he is a
candidate for Senator; in short, that as a member of
the Federal Senate he would be for himself and Hun
tington and against California.
There is nothing personal in all this. On the con
trary, knowing these things, in opposing De Young's
aspirations we are simply discharging a bounden
public duty. Every intelligent Republican in the
State knows that what we have said and what we are
now saying with reference to this subject is true.
Mr. De Young is a candidate for Senator, and he is
making a still hunt for the office. Why should this
be kept from the people? Is it good politics, or will
it aid the election of Republican candidates in State
and city to conceal so important a fact from the rank
and file of the party, when the result, in the event of
discovery, is certain to be so disastrous?
Does Mr. De Young desire proof that his political
agents are informing aspirants for legislative nomi
nations in this city that the only condition on which
they can obtain them is that they will pledge them
selves to vote for him for Senator? If he does we will
furnish it without delay.
Our purpose in this matter ought to be plain even
to an understanding as obtuse as that of Mr. De
Young. In announcing his secret candidacy for the
Senate we have merely desired to force him into the
light. Why should he be permitted to footpad the
Senatorship? Mr. Gage is compelled to appear be
fore the people; so are all the other candidates. Is
Mr. De Young especially privileged to programme
legislative delegations while keeping in the dark his
designs on the Senatorship? We do not think so.
If Mr. De Young want the office let him take the
stump and fight for it. That is the honorable and
manly thing to do, and we violate no confidence when
we say that under no other circumstances will he
get it.
THE COMMON DUTY OF ALL.
THAT all persons having considerable dealings
with Wells, Fargo & Co. feel gratified by the
resolute action of William E. Costley in resist
ing the aggressions of the corporation is a matter of
course. No doubt many of them will extend to Mr.
Costley their thanks for what he has done, and will
assure him of their best wishes for his speedy success
in the contest.
All such thanks and wishes will be right and proper
provided they do not end with words. In matters of
this kind where the whole public is concerned there
should be something like universality of action. It
was by combination that the newspapers of San Fran
cisco compelled the corporation to back down from
the attempt to force them to pay the tax which Con
gress had imposed upon the revenue the corporation
derived from its newspaper patrons. A similar com
bination among merchants and other shippers would
have the same effect. The company can afford to
fight one man. It would not persist in its extortions
if it found itself resolutely opposed by the whole city.
The course taken by Mr. Costley should be taken
by others. The Chamber of Commerce might well
revive at this juncture its movement toward making a
test case against the company in the courts. It is now
manifest that the assurance given that the question
would be settled speedily by a test case raised in the
East was a trick of the corporation to obtain delay;
what the church-going president would call a "pious
fraud." Time has passed and the corporation has ex
torted large sums from the public and continues to
do so. A fight should now be made all along the
line. The suits should be multiplied. There is such
a thing as skinning a fraud of its pious covering and
forcing its votaries to abandon it.
Some more straw bonds have been accepted in the
Police Court. There has not yet been added the in
formation that the straw bondsmen have been ar
rested, although the prisoners have vanished and the
straw bondsmen are doubtless known to the po*lce.
If the subject were not as old as the Police Courts
one would be tempted to ask the reason for all this.
Even in times of peace the Oregon and lowa are
useful. One day they supply the opportunity for
sending a report that they are going to Manila, and
the next for denying it, all of which is of course in
teresting.
It is pleasing to learn from the Report that that
ever modest paper is responsible for the project of
making a vice-admiral of Dewey. It is beginning to
be suspected of having been responsible for Dewey.
There can be no doubt but the stories of some of
the tardy witnesses anxious to project themselves
into the Botkin case will be regarded as inspirations.
It would seem that the Governor had been expend
ing some preliminary thought on the matter of extra
dition.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
SO many fads in sociology have been sprouted
recently and have grown when watered by the
crocodile tears of political demagogues that
the aims of anarchy have been obscured. Judge Ma
guire's speech in Congress against the bill to ex
clude these assassins from this country has done
much harm in -misleading public opinion concerning
them.
Maguire declared them to be the Democrats of
Europe, intelligent and educated people, very desir
able as immigrants and worthy to be welcomed to
this country.
From an ignorant man such an indorsement of
anarchy and anarchists might have been excused, but
as the Judge has informed The Call by letter that he
is a scholar and a writer of eminence, we are com
pelled to assume that his indorsement of anarchists
and his desire to invite them to the United States are
due to his belief in their principles, of which he can
not be ignorant. The principles of anarchy, as often
declared by them and asserted by Karl Marx, who
incorporated them with the Internationals, require
the destruction of all government. Their venom is
against republics as well as against constitutional
monarchies and autocracies.
They assassinated the Czar of Russia and the Presi
dent of France, Prime Minister Canovas of Spain and
Elizabeth of Austria, representing every system of
civilized government. They did these murders, all
of them cowardly, not because of hatred of any
special form of government, but to destroy all gov
ernment by murdering in succession all who repre
sent it. The President of the United States is con
demned to death by their principles equally with the
Czar. Their plan, often stated, is to make govern
ment impossible by killing all officers who represent
it. They believe that finally no man will dare repre
sent government, law, order, and that these will then
disappear from the world, and men will live without
law.
They began their cult long before their creed was
publicly known. The murders they have committed
during this century are not confined to the ,royal per
sons and others representing government whom they
have attacked. Scores of others have been killed in
such affairs as Orsini's attempt to kill Napoleon 111
and the bomb-throwing in the French Assembly. In
this country we have had but one outbreak, the mur
der of the policemen in Haymarket square, Chicago,
for which several were hanged, one committed sui
cide and the rest were sentenced to prison for life and
were pardoned by Governor Altgeld, who seems to
believe with Maguire that these anarchists are the
Democrats of Europe and desirable people to have at
large in this country.
Every one who believes in institutions, who knows
that civilization cannot exist without government and
that civilization is worth preserving, regards these
cowardly murderers as enemies of the human race.
When they are arrested and their records are traced
in nearly every case they are found to have lived in
violation of the moral laws. They have been thieves;
they have defied the marriage laws; they have been
untrue to their obligations as sons, husbands and
fathers. In their records is an awful warning to the
world of the conditions to be expected if they could
murder fast enough to destroy government and abol
ish law, for they live in defiance of virtue, honesty
and honor. They must not be confused with the so
cialists, who teach virtue and benevolence and peace
and abhor bloodshed. The anarchist stands by him
self, a sworn murderer. The only literature of
anarchy is to teach murder as the first and highest
duty of the anarchist.
Their latest exploit, the cowardly murder of a de
fenseless old woman by stabbing her in the back, is a
perfect illustration of their principles. The wretch
who did it glories in it and will be toasted and cele
brated as a hero by anarchists all over the world.
This bloody event brings into sharp relief the prop
osition to elect as Governor of California Judge Ma
guire, the only man who ever advocated in Congress
the desirability of anarchist immigration to the
United States. In view of his record in this respect
it is no injustice to him to suggest that his election
would be celebrated by anarchists as an event scarcely
second in importance to the murder of Elizabeth of
Austria.
WITH PROFIT TO THE NATION.
ALL authorities on the naval operations of the
war agree that an immense service of great
value was rendered to the nation by the four
ocean steamers — the St. Paul, the St. Louis, the New
York and the Paris — which were chartered by the
Government and put to use as auxiliary cruisers in the
operations in the West Indies. With the exception of
the battleships that took part in the actual fighting
no vessels in the navy were charged with more im
portant duties or performed them with greater effi
ciency.
The profit which the Government has thus derived
from these steamers in the time of the nation's need
completely vindicates the policy under which the
steamship line to which they belong has been built
up. It is a policy adopted by Great Britain, France
and Germany before it was tried here, and has been
as profitable to those empires as to our republic. It
is therefore one which has been fully justified by its
results wherever tested, and should be included
among the policies which the nation will not only
continue to enforce, but will expand as rapidly as
possible.
The American liners, like the British, French and
German mail steamers of the larger class, are granted
a certain annual subsidy, not only for carrying the
mails, but as a retainer for their use as naval auxil
iaries in case of need. When it was proposed to fol
low the European plan in this respect, and thus bring
about the establishment of a great American line of
steamships, the object was violently opposed by those
who always object to everything that tends to the
upbuilding of an American merchant marine. It was
said at the time by the objectors that the nation would
never have any use for the ships, that the subvention
given them wouW be money wasted, and that the
scheme was a job to enrich the few at the expense of
the many.
It is not likely after the experience of the recent
war that such objections to the advancement of our
ship-building and ship-owning interests will be urged
again during this generation. The four ocean grey
hounds demonstrated their value to the Government
too clearly to be disputed. It is recognized by all
authorities that the navy would have been heavily
handicapped without them, as the high rate of speed
of which they are capable rendered them almost in
valuable in the performance of certain forms of work
in the strategy- of naval campaigns.
Experience having thus made it certain that the
nation has derived a profit from the policy of pro
moting the building of American steamships, there
should be no longer any hesitation on the part of
Congress in extending the system so auspiciously
begun. An American merchant marine is one of the
essentials of the coming expansion of American com
merce and American industry, and the sooner we pro
vide for the one the prompter will be the profit of
the others.
THE ANARCHIST CULT.
STEPHEN T. GAGE, HENRY T. GAGE AND THE RAILROAD.
OROVILLE, Butte County, Cal., Sept. 13. IS9B.
To the Editor of The San Francisco Call: A great many people In this see'
tion seem to think that the nominee for the governorship on the Republican
ticket is Stephen T. Gage, the old warhorse of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
Would you kindly inform me through the columns if your worthy paper if Mr.
Henry T. Gage, the nominee, is a relative of Stephen T. Gage and if he has
ever been connected in any way with the Southern Pacific Railroad? I have
maintained stoutly that Henry T. Gage has no connection whatev. ' with either
the Southern Pacific or "My dear Stephen." Am I correct?
AN OLD REPUBLICAN.
You are right. The Republican candidate for Governor is not Stephen
T. Gage, nor is he related to that very astute old gentleman. His name is
Henry T. Gage and he is not connected with the railroad.
EDITOR THE CALL.
MONEY TALKS AT A BANKERS' CONVENTION
The California Bankers' ..association be
gan its sixth annual convention yesterday
in the rooms of the Chamber of Com
merce and conducted its business with
such dispatch that it is believed that the
convention proper will be concluded by
noon to-r 1 "- To-morrow the bankers will
make an excursion to the top of Mount
Tamalpals, where they are to partake of
a fine dinner. At yesterday's gathering
Vice President J. M. Elliott of Los An
geles presided, President J. J. Valentine
being absent. The address of welcome
was delivered by Mayor Phelan, who dis
cussed the situation of financial circles,
and expressed the belief that with the
closing of the present war business * in
general will take an upward start again.
The address was replied to by Mr. Elliott,
who spoke of the necessity of the enact
ment of more laws favorable to banking.
The annual address of President Valen
tine was read by the secretary, in which,
after expressing regret for his absence,
he said:
The monetary system, so called, of the United
States has long been a reproach, nut to say
scandal, to both the Intelligence and business
honesty of the country. For years past It has
staggered under no less than ten different forms
of money, with variable functions, including a
heterogeneous mass of old war-time devices
adopted as temporary expedients to meet ex
traordinary emergencies. • • • It will not be
necessary here to dwell upon the Intolerable
embarrassments that have been inflicted upon
the business of the country by this condition
of things. business men and organizations
have been protesting against it for yeara and
pleading for relief, but in vain. • • •
H-.u the financial panic of 1893 seems to have
at .ast aroused the country to a sense of the
inhtrent dangers of our present monetary ag-
Kli'iiu'ratlon, and Congress has now beconte
very much In earnest In its efforts to effect
a radical and lasting reform. To this end a
bill was Introduced some two years ago pro
viding for the appointment by the President
of a non-partisan commission of eleven busi
ness men which should take under considera
tion our entire monetary status and its rela
tions to the financial and fiscal operations of
the Government and formulate a thoroughly
consistent and logical system which would ex
clude the dangerous elements at present exist
ing, and which have so long been a constant
menace to our monetary stability and national
credit. • • «
Mr. Valentine then gave a detailed ac
count of the efforts of boards of trade,
commercial bodies and financiers to have
the monetary system straightened out, of
the several bills presented to Congress
and their failure to pass, and of the bill
presented by the sub-committee and now
before Congress. This measure Is en
titled, "A bill to provide for strengthen
ing the public credit, for the retirement
of the demand obligations of the United
States and the amendment of the laws re
lating to national banking associations."
Mr. Valentine considers this the best
measure yet presented to Congress. He
recited the many advantages of the meas
ure, and in conclusion said:
One of the essential purposes of the bill Is
to relieve the I'nlted States treasury from the
burden of the constant redemption of Govern
ment paper mon^y, and to obviate the neces
sity of selling interest-bearing bonds running
for a long term in order to obtain gold for the
continued and repeated redemption of notes
under the present status. The foregoing Is a
brief summary of the chief features of the bill.
Doubtless it Is Impossible to frame a measure
of this kind that would suit any one in every
particular. Even we of our own association,
representing only one section of the country,
would differ among ourselves as to details, and
perhaps, also, as to some principles. The diffi
culty of securing an agreement of business
interests all over the land on what is essential
In currency and banking reform is known to us
all. The bill combines the most important
principles to be followed In the revision of our
monetary legislation, those in regard to which
thinking minds are almost unanimous, in a
•form politically feasible. It practically retires
the greenbacks, but without the Issue of bonds;
It maintains the parity of all our moneys, while
giving a larger scope to the legitimate use of
silver; it affords an opportunity In this coun
try of testing bank circulation based upon gen
eral assets, but makes the banks assume, in
return, the burden of the current redemption
of Government notes; above all. it is the most
direct recognition we have yet hnd of the fact
that all our money Is, and must be. based upon
the gold standard — at the same tlmp, through
branch banks- and a reduced minimum capital
ization, furnishing sparsely settled districts
adequate provisions for their need of capital,
thus silencing the alarmist cry of "contraction"
where it has hitherto reached too credulous
ears.
From the standpoint of sound money, the bill
is the he^t that has been presented to Congres,
and yet It concedes more than any of the others
to the honest Inflationist, whose real need is
Improved banking facilities. As Chairman
Hanna says: "Every advocate of change In
our currency laws, and every citizen and busi
ness man who seeks safe and stable things In
finance, should Immediately recognize the vital
Importance of complete support of this measure.
It is a great step forward."
In conclusion: Under date of August 29, the
press dispatches from New York reported as
follows:
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Senator H. V. Morehouse is at the
Lick.
Dr. R. Gross of Eureka, Cal., is at the
Lick.
Dr. T. Jeff White of Los Angeles is at
the Lick.
F. C. Lusk, a lawyer of Chico, is at
the Palace.
John W. Boynton, a cattleman of Reno,
is at the Russ.
J. J. Hamilton, a capitalist of Hollister,
is at the Rubs.
A. M. Jackson, a cattleman of Willows,
is at the Russ.
J. R. Hebbron, a cattleman of Salinas,
is at the Grand.
W. R. Guy. an attorney of San Diego,
is at the Grand.
H. Trimmingham, a cattle raiser of
Sunol, is at the Russ.
"W. J. Nicholson, Sheriff of Santa Bar
bara; Is at the Baldwin.
»»»»»»«»»« David Starr
Cf ; 8 Bachman, i the
8 THE BARON $ young capitalist
tt WITH A O ! and m ' ' rl '< man
w wu " A " has Just returned
« GENTLE TOUCH. « from a trip to his
3 O mines in British
$a»a£?s3aaSS Columbia. He
walked into the office of the Palace Hotel
last night, looked over the register, hast
ily and then asked the night clerk if a
certain Baron Henry yon Helnlauch j was
stopping at the hotel. Bachman was dis
appointed, for he had hoped to find the
Baron \ there. As he was about to leave
he met a few of his friends, .who, notic
ing " the expression of disappointment
which had settled on Bachman's face, in
quired Into the reason of it. Bachman
unbosomed himself in vie following
.words: V: '\: ■•.'..•"' .'.,": S '■...-'.■.' vi:V
: "You see, I Just came down from Port
land, and -■ I had a little affair on with a
German Baron. He was insolent, and we
nearly came ;to ■ blows. I : promised him
a meeting when we got in San Francisco
—not a duel, ; don't be a ; fool— I
thought he would stop |at \ the I Palace if
anywhere..; He was a beauty, the. regular
article; tall, with a corsetlike shape, j arid
the t fiercest? mustache you ever saw—
of those long boys that go chasing off the
face and point skyward. *, "Well, ' I; man
aged to get a ■ drawing room ; In the ; Pull
man and I threw my baggage and; traps
in ;it | as soon as 1 I got on the train, but I
was ; early . and ; I ; loafed about the ; Port
land station until the time ; for starting.
The j train was j pulling out when ;I J got on
and 'I I ; went j immediately to J; my section.
This beauty a German Baron < was sit
ting on one • seat with his legs thrown up
on ' the "opposite 'side. ,i Mind you, in ~my
drawing room, which -: cost me the i price
of ; two , sections. v I looked ; around ; or •my
"Members of Democratic committees In fifteen
States In the South and West emphatically In
dorse the remarks made by ex-Governor Stone
of Missouri to the effect that Bryan will be .
renomlnated in 1900 and that the issue of the
campaign will be the free coinage of silver."
We may as well prepare promptly and ener
getically to meet this threatened onslaught of
the advocates of free silver— in other wurds, of
flatism.
The monetary standard— the standard of value
— of this country, and of the commercial world.
Is gold, and the experience of the United States'
In the past two years has fully vindicated the
gold standard. » • «
The report of Secretary R. M. Welch
showed that the membership of the asso
ciation Is 150. The total number of banks
and recognized banking firms in Califor
nia is 2SB, segregated as follows: 36 na
tional banks, 174 other commercial banks,
59 savings banks, 19 private banking
firms. Of these 27 national banks. Bo
State commercial banks. 31 savings banks
and 7 private banking firms are members j
of this association. Of the remaining
138 banks there are 90 with a capital
stock of less than $100,000, indicating that
but few of the large banking institutions
of the State fail to appreciate the ad
vantages of a bankers' association.
Treasurer G. W. Kline's report showed
for sixteen months ending September 1
receipts of $1565, expenditures $1105 50.
Chairman James M. Thompson of the
executive council presented a report show
ing the work of the Commission of
Banks that assembled in Washington on
September 1, 1897, and remained in ses
sion putil December of that year. Thla
commission prepared the currency bill
Introduced into the House of Represent
atives. At a session of the council held
in July a resolution was adopted recom
mending the abolishment of the system
of taxing credits in this State, which
works a hardship particularly upon cit
ies, counties, small municipalities and
school districts.
The following committees were ap
pointed by Mr. Elliott: Auditing com
mittee—J. E. Ward, P. E. Bowles and i
Richard Bradley.
Committee on resolutions — A. Gold
stein of Fresno, M. J. Daniels of River- !
side, T. S. Hawkins of Hollister.
Committee on nominations of officers j
for the following year— l, Steinhart of the j
Anglo Callfornian Bank, H. H. Hewlett
of Stockton and J. K. Lynch of the First
National Bank.
Frank Miller, president of the First Na
tional Bank of D. O. Mills, delivered an
Interesting address upon "Currency Re
form and Reorganization of the Na
tional Banking System," In which he, too,
discussed the bill now before Congress.
Considerable of the afternoon was con
sumed by the Hon. F. G. Newlands of
the House Committee on Banking and i
Currency of the late Congress, his sub- j
ject being "The Monetary System of the
Country." Hugh Craig, president of the
! Chamber of Commerce, took an opposite I
position to that of Mr. Newlands by ad
vocating the gold standard. Mr. Craig
was supported in his argument by Mr.
Albert of the First National Bank of
i Salem, Or. Several others participated
in the discussion.
Among the bankers in attendance on
the convention were:
James McCormick, Bank of Northern Cali
fornia of Redding; Frank Miller, National
Bank of D. O. Mills & Co. of Sacramento; D.
S. Snodgrass, Bank of Selma: J. E. Ward,
First National Bank of Modesto; Tetsu Aoki,
Yokohama Specie Bank; T. Harrington, Coluna
County Bank; B. A. Becker and A. W. R.
Schmidt, German Savings and Loan Society of
San Francisco; Henry Brown, Bank of Napa;
R. M. Welch, San f>anclsco Barings TTnion;
N. D. Rideout. Rideout Bank of Marysville;
Alexander Goldstein, Farmers' Bank of Fresno;
S. Mitchell, Producers' Bank of Visalia; Rich
ard Bradley, Pineer Bank of Portervllle; J. W.
Henderson, Humboldt County Bank; Charles M.
Btone, People's Bank of Pomona; Lovell A.
White, San Francisco Savings T'nlon; James
K. Lynch, First National Bank of San Fran-
I cisco; P. E. Bowles, First National Bank of
) Oakland; O. R. Burdick, London, Paris and
American Bank of San Francisco; J. S. Eld
redge. National Bank Examiner; Ignatz Stein
hart and F. E. Beck, Anglo-Callfornlan Bank
of San Francisco; J. M. Elliott. First National
Bank of Lns Angeles; James D. Phelan. Mutual
Savings Bank of San Francisco; W. E. Street,
Bank of Winters; James M. Thompson, Dono
hoe-Kelly Banking Company of San Francisco;
F. K. Tnwne, Bank of San Mat en County; J.
I H. Albert, Capital National Bank of Salem,
j Or.; T. S. Hawkins, Bank of Hollister; A. Tonn
and L. Auerbaeh, Farmer Merchants' Bank of
Hollister; J. Surface of lone; N. R. Harris of
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Company of
| San Francisco; Charles Sleeper. San Francisco
Clearing-house; M. J. Daniels. Orange Growers"
I Bank of Riverside; L. C. Walte. First National
Bank of Riverside; J. H. Jewett of Marys
ville; A. L. Williams, Carver National Bank
of St. Helena; F. W. Robinson, Producers'
Savings Bank of Bakers;'.e!d: George A. Story,
Mutual Savings Bank at San Francisco: C. D.
Fratt. Everett National Bank of Everett,
Wash.: C. W. Bush. Bank of Tolo of Wood
land: I. Kaflfman of San Francisco; J. E.
Baker, Bank of Alameda: A. F. Horstman and
A. POster, Citizens' Bank of Pasn Robles. and
G. W. Kline. Crocker- Wool worth National
Bank of San Francisco.
luggage and it was not there; It was
thrown out in the aisle of the car. Then
I was hotter than a hot day in Cuba. I
asked this descendant of the gods if he
knew that he was in my room and told
him the quicker he removed his fat shape
to, another part of the car it would be to
my liking.
He rose up to his full height and said
in broken English: "Young man, I haf
dls place now and I dink I vill geep it. It
vas de only plaze in de gar vit for a gen
dleman."
With this declaration he handed me a
card. Of course I was pleased to meet a
nice, big-mustached Baron, but I also
wanted my drawing room for my own
comfort. I politely told him that it may
be the custom in Europe to rush for the
best part of the cars— they have compart
ments, you know — but here each man gets
a section and must not wander therefrom.
The fellow looked furious and refused to
surrender. The conductor, a half dozen
porters and as many passengers feared
trouble, and they all began to explain at
once. It took a long time to appease that
German aristocrat. We fixed him, but not
until he threatened vengeance. The next
morning he apologized, but he said it was
a " bad system," and this country
was "something wrong, anyway." But
that isn't the joke. I want to know
what became of a small parcel of some
value that I had in one of my satchels
before that gentleman of foreign blood
dropped into my stateroom."
A. S. McNeil, a mining man of Lowden
ranch, is at the Occidental.
J. A. Migliavacci, a wine manufacturer
of Napa County, is at the Baldwin.
David Starr Jordan, president of the
Stanford University, is at the Occidental.
Lieutenant J. O. McGuiness of the Al
batross and D. W. Knox, U. S. N., are
at the Occidental.
C. T. Bliss, the lumberman of Carson
wa3 married on Wednesday to Miss
Knowles. a daughter of Captain Knowles
of Oakland.
J. R. Heriod, attached to the United
States legation of Japan, arrived last
night accompanied by his wife. They are
at the Occidental.
Henry T. Fortman and his two daugh
ters will leave for Catalina Island to
morrow evening on a pleasure trip
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW. YORK, Sept. 15.-S. H. Friedland
er of San Francisco is at the Bartholdi-
George Bowen of San Francisco is at the
Gilsey; S. F. Maltby of Los Angeles and
E. P. Deane of Santa Barbara are at the
Hoffman; Charles E. Anthony of Los An
geles is at the St. Denis.
"What is firmness, father?"
"Firmness, my boy, is obstinacy in our
selves.
"And what is obstinacy?"
, Obstinacy is firmness in somebody
else."-Chlcago Evening Post.
BROKER FRED HARPER
GRAVELY ACCUSED
SHARP PRACTICE ALLEGED IN
A PASTER'S APPOINTMENT.
Harry Browne Charges That the
Broker Sold Him a "Gold
Brick" in the Appraiser's
Store.
H. R. Browne, paster In the Appraiser's
building, has Instructed Haven & Haven,
his attorneys, to file suit against Customs
Broker Frederick F. G. Harper to recover
$2700, which he alleges Harper received
from him under false representations.
Browne's story is that a little more than
three years ago he entered into an agree
ment by the terms of which Browne was
to succeed Harper's father 'as paster.
Harper representing that he owned the
business and that no one else could come
into the Appraiser's building and do any
stamping except Harper or his assigns.
Browne was to pay $1200 cash and halt of
the proceeds of the business until the fur
ther sum of $1500 should have been paid.
On November 2, 1897 the following bill
of sale was given by Harper to Browne:
For value received I do hereby sell and con
vey to Mrs Agnes Browne the whole of my
former business of affixing Internal revenue
stamps to cigar?, snuff and tobacco sent to the
UnUed States Appraiser's *£ r^ fo^f I '
Per F. F. g'. HARPER?
Mrs. Browne is Browne's mother, he
being a minor at that date and not quali
fied to enter Into a contract X. . ±i.
Harper was the father of Fred Harper,
and was dead at the time his name was
signed by his^son. Browne says that
three weeks ago* he discovered that he had
bought a gold brick and that any one had
a right to go into the Appraiser's store
and stamp his tobacco.
Collector Jackson said that when the
stamp regulations went into effect many
years ago there was much confusion on
account of the large number of persons-
Chinese and others— who crowded into the
store for the purpose of stamping tne
goods. Hence, the tobacco importers were
requested to appoint a man to do their
stamping for them, they to pay him for
his services. Harper's father was select
ed by the importers, and the Collector
holding the office at that time appointed
Harper a laborer without pay. Mr. Jack
son said that he 'knew nothing about the
relations between Harper and Browne.
Browne said that after he had made the
agreement with Harper the latter circu
lated a petition among the importers ana
induced them to recommend Browne for
the place vacated by the death or the
elder Harper. Browne added that he used
to do certain other work for Harper and
divide the fees with Harper, and that this
work of right should have gone to
Swayne, Hoy t & Co., of which Harper is
a member. It was rumored around tne
Custom-house yesterday that Swayne &
Hovt, learning of these things from ■
I Browne and certain clients, took Harper
! to task last Monday and that a rupture
iin the firm was the result. .
Swayne. Hoyt & Co. would not speak of
l the matter, and Harper declined to make
I any statement beyond the fact that what
ever he had done in the affair with
Browne was right and that Browne had
no case. _ '_ ' .
NEED NOT CLEAN THEIR SIDE
WALKS.
At an adjourned law term of ths full
bench of the Supreme Court of New
Hampshire, held in Concord, an opinion
was rendered to the effect that the ordi
nances compelling citizens to keep sl.le
walks in front of their residences clear
from snow in winter is unconstitutional,
and that the Legislature has no right to
authorize the imposition of such a burden
upon the people, which is, in effect, double
taxation. It was held that this ordinance
is in direct violation of the conPi-Rudon
of the United States.— Boston Transcript.
A BELIEF.
I've loarnt a lot o' Spanish words,
I've got so I kin tell
'Bout "ultimatums," "protocols"
An' "armistice" as well
But joyously I hail the time
When I kin rest my brain
By askln' "How's the price of wheat?*^ .
An' "What's the chance o' rain?"
Old friends is best. These recent themes
Were dazzlin', it Is true.
The clash of steel — the roar of guns —
They thrilled us through an' through.
But swords may turn to plowshares now.
In comfort, once again,
We'll query "How's the price of wheat?"
An' "What's the chance o' rain?"
—Washington Star.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery ctreet. Telephone Main 1042. •
Any small packages left at the Red
Cross rooms. 16 Post street, Friday, Sep
tember 16, 1898. for the troops now in Ma
nila will be forwarded on the Condor,
leaving Saturday. Mrs. John F. Merrill,
President. •
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks, traveling
sets, Mexican carved leather goods, letter
and card cases, lap tablets, playing cards,
combs, brushes, mirrors, perfumery and
toilet articles for fall trade now nn sale.
The very best goods at moderate prices.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
He— Do you know, when you walk you
move just like a poem?
She (blushing)— Ah, do you really think
so?
He — Yes, one foot always right after the
other. — Cleveland Leader.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mm.
Winslow"s Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa P»
route. Call at the new ticket office. €28 Market.
HOTEL DEL. CORON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
i New 1 ontgomery street. Pan Francisco.
DRINK A BTEEPING OF MOKI TEA BE
fore retiring at night, and see how soundly
you will sleep and how joyously you will
awake in the morning. It supplies food for the
blood while you sleep, produces a clear and
beautiful complexion, cures constipation and
sick headache. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Only the best for the best only. Among the.
Barrels. 563 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEND CS YOUR EAR.
We want to tell you of the fine laundry
work we are doing, and all who appre-
ciate a beautiful color and fine medium
finish on their linen can get the bene-
fit of our experience and expert work-
manship. There is no laundry in town
where you can get such perfect satis-
faction as at the United States.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420!AGUINALDO HAS
NOT OBEYED THE
ORDER OF OTIS
Simply Moved His Troops From
Ermita ar)d Malate to
SaQtana.
Rebels Reported to Be Concentrating at Tfyeir
New Camp, Wrjich They May Attempt
to Hold.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Sept. 15.— The insurgents
changed their plans last night, and instead
of evacuating all the suburbs of the city,
as General Otis ordered, they moved from
Ermita and Malate to Santana, where they
appear to be concentrating in strong force.
It is reported, although it is not con
firmed, that Aguinaldo has ordered that
this place be held at any cost. It is more
likely a move on the part of Pio Pilar to
embarrass the dictator.
Aguinaldo's parliament opened at Ma
lolas with great ceremony to-day.
Former rebel chief Isabelo Artacho,
•who was condemned to death by Agui
naldo for treachery in May last, and
was reprieved and escaped, Is leading
15,000 men against Aguinaldo. Artacho
Is backed by priests. A Jesuit priest
has been shot for persuading the rebels
to desert Aguinaldo's cause.
At a meeting of rebel leaders in Malo
los a majority will vote for autonomy,
under American protection.
Coasting steamers are trading with
the provinces under Spanish rule. Agui
naldo demands 50 per cent of freight re
ceipts of steamers trading with rebel
provinces.
All Spaniards in the northern provin
ces are now prisoners. The rebels
seized the stocks and cash of the to
bacco estates belonging to the Com
pania Tabacelera. in Cayagan province,
and also those of Coprax, in Camarlnes
Province. The losses are enormous.
The rebel steamer Bulusan has been
sunk by a Spanish gunboat at Marbate.
Agruinaldo denies the reported ship
ment of arms from Japan. The arms
LOS ANGELES
REPUBLICANS
CHEER GAGE
He Appears in the
Convention.
CALLED ON FOR A SPEECH
BRIEFLY ANSWERS MAGUIRE'S
INSINUATIONS.
Courthouse Officials of the Southern
County Find the Road to a
Renomination Filled With
Obstacles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 15.— Henry T.
Gage received an ovation at the hands
of the Republican County Convention
to-day. He appeared on' the conven
tion floor, and as soon as the delegates
and spectators became aware of his
presence they arose and with hearty
cheers manifested their regard and en
thusiasm. Mr. Gage was deeply moved
by the demonstration, and in response
to a general demand he took the plat
form and briefly addressed the conven
tion.
His speech was extemporaneous and
covered only a few points. After
thanking the convention for the honor
accorded him he congratulated the del
egates upon the personnel of the ticket
they had nominated. He said:
"I am pleased, indeed, that you have
indorsed the San Pedro harbor propo
sition. I have for years battled to
bring about that improvement. If I
am elected Governor no man will be
United States Senator, if I ran prevent
it, who is not unqualifiedly in favor
of it."
At this Juncture a v.oice from the
delegates said:
"Yea, Henry, and you are going to be
Governor."
To this Mr. Gage replied: "I hon
estly believe that 1 will be, but whether
I am or not, I wish to deny the charge
and the insinuation of my opponent
that I am a tool of any railroad or
other corporation. You who have been
my friends and neighbors for years
know that charge to be a lie."
Loud cries of "Yes, yes: 11 went up
from all over the hall.
Mr Gage did not attempt to enter
into any discussion of campaign issues
further than to uncover some of the
fallacies of Judge Maguire's single-tax
ideas. Thanking the convention, he
left the platform amid a storm of ap
plause and three rousing cheers which
the delegates gave with hearty good
will. , .
The convention about concluded its
labors to-day. It made almost an en
tirely clean Bweep of the Courthouse.
Every official in it was a Republican
and nearly every one of the incumbents
w»« a candidate for renomination. But
were probably shipped by priests for
Artacho.
AGUINALDO ASKS
FOR FURTHER TIME
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— General
Otis to-day cabled the War Department
as follows:
•■MANILA, Sept. 15, IS9S.— Adjutant
General, Washington: Affairs are much
more satisfactory. Demands for the
withdrawal of the Insurgent forces com
plied with and all withdrawn or with
drawing to-day except small forces in
outlying districts, which are not obey
ing the insurgent leader. Aguinaldo re
quests a few days in which to with
draw them by detachments and to pun
ish their commanding officers. Over
2000 are already withdrawn. No con
cessions were granted the insurgents,
but strict compliance with the demands
of the Bth instant was required. Gen
eral good feeling is prevailing. Manila
is quiet and business progressing fa
vorably. No difficulty is anticipated.
Have been compelled to confine the
Spanish prisoners temporarily within
the limits of the walled city.
"OTIS, Commanding."
the convention was against the propo
sition of a second term for anybody.
The delegates made nominations on the
theory that a four-year term was long
enough for any man to fill any office
as principal, so not one incumbent has
been renominated.
Alexander Caldwell was named for
Assessor, defeating John W. Hlnton
and F. Edwards Gray.
Mark G. Jones was nominated for
Treasurer, defeating T. J. Fleming, in
cumbent.
John H. Strine of Pasadena was
named for Superintendent of Schools,
defeating Spurgeon V. Riley, incum
bent.
C. G. Kellogg was nominated for Pub
lic Administrator, defeating Frank M.
Kelsey, Incumbent.
In the Seventy-second Assembly Dis
trict Joseph M. Miller of Clear Water
was nominated. Mr. Miller is a rancher
and was formerly a member of the
Kansas Legislature prior to his removal
to this State. He told the convention
that Kansas was a good State, but as
soon as it "went Pop" he felt compelled
to leave.
In the Los Angeles city convention
H. C. Austin and D. C. Morrison were
named for Police Judges.
In the Third Supervisorial District E.
S. Field was renominated and in the
First District O. W. Langdon of Sierra
Madre won.
At the evening session Dr. L. T. Hol
land was nominated for Coroner, the
incumbent. Dr. Campbell, withdrawing
before his name was presented.
In the Seventy-fifth Assembly Dis
trict N. P. Courey was nominated,
Captain John Cross, the incumbent,
withdrawing. Mr. Courey is a practic
ing attorney of this city and is at pres
ent a member of the Los Angeles School
Board.
In the Seventy-third Assembly Dis
trict James Meredith was nominated.
This is the only Democratic district in
the county, but Mr. Meredith will prob
ably carry it. as he is very strong in
the Democratic precincts. Meredith
has been Coroner and County Clerk and
both positions he has filled most credi
tably.
Joseph Smith was nominated for Sur
veyor, defeating E. T. Wright, Incum
bent.
This completed the work of the con
vention and after the usual vote of
thanks to the officers an adjournment
sine die was taken.
It is generally admitted that the
ticket nominated by the Republicans is
the strongest ever put up In Los Ange
les County.
MAY CAUSE WRANGLING.
Action of Populist County Committee
of Santa Ciara.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 15.-The Populist
County Central Committee this afternoon
Indorsed James H. Cnmpbell, Democratic
nominee for District Attorney, in place of
j F. B. Brown, who yesterday was named
for Senator. The committee also request
ed the Democrats and Good Government
League to indorse J. J. Shaner for County
Treasurer and J. L. Riddle for Justice of
! the Peace. This last matter is liable to
! cause some wrangling, as the Democrats
and Populists have already made selec
tions for the places.
Nevada County Republican Ticket.
NEVADA, Cal., Sept. 15.— The Republi
can County convention to-day nominated
the following ticket: Assemblyman, W.
S. Robinson of Grass Valley, Incumbent;
Sheriff, D. B. Getchell of Nevada City,
incumbent: Assessor, Theo. Wllhelm of
Grass Valley: Treasurer, a. C. Cook of
iruckee; District Attorney, E. B. Power
of Nevada City. The labors of the con
vention had not been concluded at a late
hour this evening.
Utah Populist Nominations.
SALT LAKE. Sept. 15.— The Populist
State convention to-day nominated War
ren Foater for Congressman and J. M.
Bowman of Salt Lake for Supreme Court
Judge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
LITTLE MAHER ON
THREE WINNERS
Two to the Credit of
Spencer.
LONG SHOT FOPa CLAWSON
LANDS ACUSHLA AT ODDS OF
TWENTY TO ONE.
St. Calatine Finishes Second to
George Keene at Gravesend.
Results of the Races at
Other Tracks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, F<-Dt. 15.— There was a
light attendance at Gravesend. owing to
the threatening weather.
First race, five furlongs:
The Lady in Blue. 109 (Spencer), 3 to 1 1
rhnpiaqua, 112 (Doggett), 2 to 1 and 6 to 5.. 2
Oration, 112 (Taral), 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:03.
Yankeeman, Veracious, Ellerdale, General
Shafter, Bill Anthony. Freak, Juventas, Mlsa
Smith, Cosmopolitan, Elona and Seraphic also
ran.
Second race, mile and an eighth. Belling:
The Winner. MS (Spencer). 5 to 2 1
Twinkler, 94 (Clawson), 12 to 1 and 3 to 1.. 2
Ben Ronald, 10S (Burns), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:54.
Knight of the Garter, Oxnard, Maximo Go
mes, Merlin, Longacre, Joe Miller, Doggett
and Phillip also ran.
Third race, the Willow, five and a half fur
longs:
Aoushla, 107 rciawson). 20 to 1 1
Prestldlßltatrice, 107 (Stmms), 10 to 1 and 3
to 1 2
Lf Penitent. 112 (Maher), 4 to 1 3
. .c. 1:08*.
Iplash, Black Venue, Lady L4ndsay and
F.ti ; rvescent also ran.
Fourth race. Speculation, one mile. Belling:
George Ke»ne. 107 (Maher), 4 to 1 1
St. Calntlne, y3 (Clawson), 7 to 6 and 3 to 6.. 2
Continental, 109 (Baker), 30 to 1 3
Time. 1:41%.
Hand Press, Glenoine, Handset and Leeds
vllle also ran.
Fifth race, one mile:
White Frost. 120 iMaher), S to 5 1
Banaster, 112 (Taral), 2 to 1 and 3 to 5 2
Murillo. 96 (Clawson), 12 to 1 3
Time. 1:42 V
Whistling Con. Filament, Lady Mitchell and
Her Own also ran.
Sixth race, Fix furlongs:
Tynan. 115 (Mahcr), 1 to 3 1
Fairydale. 112 (Spencer), 15 to 1 and 4 to 1.. 2
Emma Nora. 112 (Cunningham), 30 to 1 3
Time, 1:16^-
Brass. Slasher, Hardy C, Dr. Wlnthro», Ju
lius Caesar, Napoleon Bonaparte, Sweet Sound
and Exoaliber also ran.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 15.— Weather rainy;
track heavy.
First race, six furlongs, selling:
Osman, 110 (W. Narvaez), S to 1 1
Mazeppa, 107 (J. Matthews). 6 to 5 and 2 to 5. 3
Violet Parsons, 107 (W. Dean), 7 to 1 t
Time, 1:151*.
Ma Ansellne, Lord Neville, Ennomlna. School
Girl, Stonel and Johnny Bohan also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs:
Alrblast, 110 (Brltton), 3 to 2 1
Rockland, 105 (Van Pur.en), 4 to 1 and 3 to 2. 2
Vox. 110 (H. Wilson), 15 to 1 3
Time. 1:10.
Press Klmball, Parrakeet, Belle of Dublin,
Mazo and Holland also ran.
Third race, one mile, handicap:
Lanky Bob. 107 (Glea.«on). 3 to 5 1
Saub*r. 90 (Shackleford), 10 to 1 and 2 to 1... 2
Fireside. 105 (Frost), 6 to 2 3
Time. 1:43»4.
Possum also ran.
Fourth race, two mil's, selling:
Kitty R. 105 (J. Matthews). 6 to 5 and 1 to 8.. 1
Dudley E. 96 (H. Wilson). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1... 2
Jack Bradley, 105 (Harshberger), 3 to 1 3
Time, 3:35 H.
Ride. Barton, Sir Ebony, Davezac and Do
minica also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling:
Frances D, 105 (N. Hill). 15 to I 1
I^afayette, 100 (Frost), 15 to 1 and G to 1 2
Paca, 105 (J. Matthews). 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:03 V.
Salvarse. Nancy Zita, Crinkle, Brigade, Can
dadas. Rebus, Sljrna, Frank Fellows, Ed Roth
and Lizzie Tello also ran.
Sixth racft, six furlongs, selling:
Galathee, 85 (DuKan), 4 to 1 1
Volar.dles, 85 (Knight), 13 to 6 and 4 to 5 2
Motllla. 107 (N'utU, 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:16)4.
Rose Ash, Miss Verne, Cyclone, John Boone
and Contravene also ran.
CHICAGO. Sept. 15— Weather at Hawthorne
cool and track heavy.
First race, half a mile— Hero Jr., 4 to 1, won:
Blue Lick, 2 tn 1, second; Princess Murphy
thlrd. Time, :52%.
Second race, six furlonps — Verify, 8 to 5, won;
Marzeila, 7 to 5, second; Afamada third. Time,
1:18%.
Third race, mile and an eighth — Don Quixote,
9 to 5, won; Dr. Sheppard, 2 to 1, second; The
Devil third. Time, 2:02%.
Fourth race, one mile — Can't Dane«, 7 to 1.
won; David, out, second; Vice Regal third.
Time, 1:48.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Dave Waldo. 9 to
5, won; Richard J, out, second; Gold Band
third. Time, 1:33 H.
Sixth race, half a mile — Falomacita. 6 to 1,
won; Sidtllla, S to 1, second; Yo No Se third.
Time, :52V4.
BUFFALO, Sept. 15.— Weather clear; track
fast.
First race, three-year-olds and upward, sell-
Ing, six and a half furlongs— Our Lizzie won.
Grade C second, Prince Zeno third. Time,
1:22 H.
Second race, two-year-olds, selling, five fur
longs — Lady Bratton won, Ruth Black second,
Lady Scarlet third. Time, l:03H-
Third race, three-year-olds and upward, sell
ing, blx and a half furlongs— Everest won,
Farm Life second. Forfeit third. Time, 1:23.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, five and a half
furiongs— J. E. Cllnes won, Prnspero second,
Frlnre Plausible third. Time. 1:09%.
Fifth race, three- year-olds and upward, sell
ing, six furlongp— Sim W won. Lady Irene sec
ond. Sklllman third. Time, 1:15.
Sixth race, three-year-olds and upward, sell
ing, six furlongs— Bob Turner won, Rileau seo
ond, Elsmere third. Time, 1:21%.
CALIFORNIANS HONORED.
Given Prominent Places in the
George Washington Association.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.— At the first
meeting of the George Washington As
sociation, the object of which is to found
a national university in this city, an ad
visory council was chosen as follows :
John Clark Rldpath, LL.D., historian;
David Starr Jordan, Leland Stanford
University; Colonel H. H. Adams, direc
tor of civic education in public schools;
Phebe A. Hearst, regent of California
University; C. Olive Brice, trustee West
ern College, Ohio.
CLARK TAKEN TO NAPA.
Fratricide Goes to Be Resentenced to
Death.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Sept. 15.—
George W. Clark, the St. Helena fratri
cide, was taken to Napa to-day by the
Sheriff of that county to have the death
sentence pronounced against him for the
second time to-morrow morning-. It is ex
pected that with this resentencing all the
technicalities of the law will have been
exhausted in Clark's case and that "he
will surely hang on the date set by the
court.
Was a California Pioneer.
NEW YORK. SeDt. 15.— Gilman Cheney,
president of the Canr.cnan Express Com
pany and Pacific coast forty-niner, is
dead In Montreal, aged 76 years.
Read in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father MaeCorry, Dr. R. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rabbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
DEATH BORNE
TO HUNDREDS BY
THE HURRICANE
Maoy Ships Believed to H aVe
Been SuqK *0 West Indian
Waters.
From the Devastated Islaods an Urgent Ap
peal for Financial Aid Is Sent
Fortb,
LONDON. Sept. 15.— The dispatches
received at the Colonial Office from the
British authorities in the "West Indies
indicate that, as a whole, the earlier re
ports of the havoc wrought by the hur
ricane were not exaggerated. They
show widespread devastation.
Owing to the breakdown of the tele
graph and telephone systems, the real
extent of the disaster is still unknown,
but financial aid is needed. People are
flocking into St. Vincent from all the
country around for shelter and food.
Everywhere it appears that all the
small buildings and many large ones
were destroyed, and there is no doubt
that the fatalities were numerous.
Sir Cornelius Moloney, Governor of
the Windward Islands, cables that two
vessels were sunk and that the fate of
many others is unknown.
The Governor of Barbadoes, Sir J. S.
Hay, reports that the hurricane was of
ten hours' duration. Already he has
been officially notified of sixty-one
deaths and of thirty-one persons seri
ously injured. The reports from the
country districts distant are incomplete,
but there has been a heavy loss of Gov
ernment and private property. Assist
ance is urgently required.
TRINIDAD, British West Indies,
Sept. 15. — A steamship which has ar
rived here from Barbadoes reports that
fearful havoc was caused there by the
hurricane on Saturday night. The de
struction of property was immense. It
is believed over 150 persons were killed
throughout the island and numbers
were rendered homeless and destitute.
Shipping suffered seriously. The ship
Loandoes, a bark and two barkentines
REDS TWICE BEATEN
BY THE BALTIMORES
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. U Pet.
Boston 83 43 .659' Philadelphia 61 69 .508
Baltimore ...78 46 .629 1 Plttsburg ...64 64 .500
Cincinnati ..79 50 .613 1 Louisville ...56 72 .438
Cleveland ...73 52 .5*4 Brooklyn ....46 72 .3<*o
Chicago 70 58 .547 Washington 42 85 .331
New Y0rk. ..67 69 .631 St. Loulh 34 93 .266
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15.— The Senators
won the first game in the second inning,
when Wilson was pounded for eight runs.
Tebeau was put out of the game for kick-
Ing. Casey's errors at a critical time gave
the second game to Cleveland. Aitendance
1800. Score:
Clubs— . B. H. E.
Washington .12 .16 4
Cleveland ■ 7 IS 8
Batteries— Klllen and McOulre; Wtlfn, Young
and Criger.
Second game:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Washington .....10 10 8
Cleveland 12 14 8
Batteries — Sutholl. Mercer and Farrell; Fraser
and Crlger. Umpire— Brown.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 15.— The Orioles
took two games from the Reds at Union
Park to-day. The first game was a hol
low victory, is Hill was a picnic, while
Maul could not be touched. The second
contest was won after an uphill struggle
by the Birds. In the eighth inning Peitz
tried to injure McGraw as the latter slid
to the plate, and blows ensued. Attend
ance 3000. Score:
Clubs- R- H- E.
Baltimore !» 20 0
Cincinnati ••••• 1 => j
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Hill and
Pettz and Wood.
Second game:
• Clubs- R. H E.
Baltimore • • •••• « }* °
Cincinnati ................ 3 , 10 ?
Batteries— Hughes and Clark; ■ Hawley and
Peltr. Umpires— Emslie and Andrews.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 15.— The Brooklyns
Dlayed a sloppy game to-day. The Colonels
bunched their hits in the fourth and won.
Attendance 275. Score:
Clubs— B. H. E.
Brooklyn : - 0^ ,4.J, 0
Louisville •••• ;; 2 " «
Batteries— Kennedy and ' Grim; Magee ■ ana
KHtredge. Umpires— • and Connolly.
BOSTON. Sept. 15.— leaders took
two games to-day from St. Louis. The
first game was a pitchers battle, ana
young Sudhoff held his end. up In good
shape, but daring base running by the
Champions won. In the second: not one
of the visitors crossed the plate. Attend
ance 2200. Score, first game:
Clubs- .. ,*• H. E.
Boston > ••••• ••• 12 8
g* Louis ' .....'--....•.•.«• X * o
Batterles^-Klobedanz and Bergen; Budhoff
and Clements. :
Score, second game:
riuhs— R. 11. E.
Boston^..... ...........;..■•—' — •;;;;;;;;; 10 A «
osion .
St Batt°erles-Hlck'rnan 'and Bergen ; Hughey and
Batteries-Hickrnan and Bergen; Hughey and
Clements. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The Giants took
the first gntnc from the Pirates In the
sixth inning, when three bases on balls
and five singles brought In five runs
Leever relieved Hart in the seventh, and
Ditched good ball. The second was lost
to Plttsburg mainly through opportune
. ADVEBTISEMENTS. _________
alTsB^^BB^ 888888888888888888 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 888888 88 8 8
I You Can Be Strong Again. ]
8 , ~ — — , , »
88 n-j^- W Atz—*f Don give up because drugs 28
88 ''^^j^Affl^^fe, have failed to help you re- 8!
85 Ja^^^^^ai^y^L & a m y° ur natural vigor, p
2* ' C |S There are thousands of men £ ,
I* E3gsjfe^~^ - l /^%n w^° nave been cured by Dr. js
88 P^^^Sl tZ&iSi Banden's Electric Belt after 88
» ths failure of drugs. «
I ' S'iiM'J ELECTRICITY IS LIFE." g
B I^T^'^f^^MU li i 3 the aource of all *'
88 11R!R Bll(lA^SfcJl - strength. It will restore the 8
88 lost energy, make the nerves
2 strong and remove all aches and pafns. Try it Ask for %
a Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Glasses of Men," free, with full 88
8 information. " • , '■- g
88 DR. A. T. SANDEN, * '■■ ■■'■■"*., ■ ■ ■■'.',■ * £
88 7C2 Street, Corker Kearny, Ban Fran-isoo. NOT IN DRUG STORES. ft
88 Office ho«r«, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays W . _ „ . —_, ._, ' : --i, '*,» ■'■' o«
ct to 1. Branches at Los Anrelea, « Cal., 132 Weft ' Dr. Sanden"s Electrlo Belt . : * 5
*° Second street; Portland, Or., 253 - Washington » : ; ; !• r never sold ' In < drug ; stores 88
8? street: Denver, Colo.,- 981 Sixteenth street; : nor by traveling agents: only ■..■„•
' _. 1 Dallas Tex., K6 Main- street; s But te, Mont., :at onr office. io
88 no North Main street. :-,<..^:'K/-iV' ■- : :.. ■'- : .;»" ' '"' ' /"" ' '.'. _■_': « i ; 88
8888 8888881:88 88 88 8888 88 88 88 88 88 8 8:88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8 88 88 88 88 88
broke from their anchorages and were
driven to sea. They had not returned
when the steamship left Barbadoes,
Many local vessels were wrecked or
blown out to sea.
Bridgetown, the capital of the island
of Barbadoes, is a scene of desolation
and ruin. Demolished or roofless
houses are to be seen on every side and
hardly a tree is standing. Particulars
from the country are still wanting.
ST. VINCENT, British West Indies,
Sept. 15.— The official reports reduce the
number of deaths here during the hur
ricane. It was at first estimated that
300 lives were lost, but it is now be
lieved that the number is conslderably
smaller. The exact figures are not ob
tainable.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 15.— The
island of St. Vincent has been swept by
a terrific hurricane and an immense
amount of damage has been caused by
floods and landslides, as well as by the
wind. There has also been great loss
of life. The Governor of St. Vincent
has cabled to the Governor of Jamaica
imploring the latter to send prompt as
sistance to the sufferers. The island cf
St. Lucia suffered slightly.
The American Weather Bureau here
locates the storm as passing Saint Kitts
and going northward.
BARBADOES, Sept. 15.— The British
ship Loandoes, of 1447 tons, Captain
Dodge, from Rio Janeiro, and the Amer
ican bark Grace Linwotrd, of 592 ton 3.
Captain Gilley, bound from New York
to Pert of Spain, both lying at this port
when the recent hurricane arose, were
blown out to sea and have not been
hoard of since. Many marine losses
have been sustained, principally to
coasters.
ST. VINCENT, Sept. 15.— The ship
Lvandoes and the bark Grace Linwood
were cast ashore here and wrecked.
batting, though errors by Joyce and
Warner were responsible for runs. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 7 13 0
Pittsburg 3 11 1
Batteries — Seymour and Warner; Hart,
Leever and Schrlver. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.
Second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 18 3
Plttsburg 6 9 1
Batteries— Gettlg and Warner; Leever, Tanne
hlll and Schrlver.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 15.— The- two
ball games between Chicago and Phila
delphia scheduled for to-day were post
poned on account of rain.
MONTEREY POPULISTS
REPUDIATE FUSION
KINGS CITY, Cal., Sept. 15.— The full
delegation of the Populist party of Mon
terey County assembled in convention
here this afternoon. It soon became
known that a caucus held by a majority
of the delegates had decided against fu
sion, and confusion reigned among the
various candidates.
Chairman M. L. Dexter called the ses
sion to order. The platform adopted in
dorsed the Omaha platform, and further
declared that the Monterey Populists
were here to stay and would defend the
party's life against all enemies, including
fusion.
After the committees had reported
Mark Landrum, amid great applause, an
nounced Secretary Brown's decision giv
ing the Populist party places on the
ticket. An additional resolution was
adopted unanimously denouncing the re
cent fusion deal in this State by a few
bosses and place-hunters in the Populist
and Democratic parties as being both un-
Popullstc and un-Democratc.
When nominations were called for all
were passed untl mat of Assemblyman
was reached, when the name of S. O.
Pugh of Gonzales was proposed. That
gentleman expressed his thanks for the
honor, but declined. This was opposed by
the candidate for Congress, Landrum,
who claimed that Pugh should hold the
nomination to preserve the name and life
of the Populist party in Monterey County.
Next followed a bombshell when one of
the delegates proposed nominating a lady
for School Superintendent who is the
nominee of the Democratic party for that
office. Hot speeches followed, during
which crimination and recrimination
among delegates was the order. Matters
finally became so hot that the chairman
stated he would order the hall cleared of
all disturbers. The attempt to restore
harmony by the introduction of»a resolu
tion that the convention should not in
dorse any candidate nominated by either
of the other conventions was like adding
fuel to fire, as only more confusion was
created. On a vote the resolution was
lost, and Mrs. Chope was declared the
nominee. She declared that she had al
ways been a Populist and did not seek
the Democratic nomination.
Landrum, Miller, Gould and Bousfleld,
all leading mlddle-of-the-roadsters, de
nounce the trick of the leaders of the
Democratic party and are outspoken In
the opinion that this nomination will re
sult in the disruption if not extinction of
the party In the county.
"Where no nominations were made mem
bers of the Populist party can vote as
they desire, which means success by a
large majority for the entire State, coun
ty and district tickets of the Republican
party. The members of that party are
jubilant over the Populistic fizzle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GAGE
AND
NEFF!
BENIILBAIES
WILL
ADDRESS the PEOPLE
JUT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
ON"
SATURDAY EVENING,
f
SEPTEMBER 17.
Honorable HORACE DAVIS Will Preside.
—
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican State Executive
Committee.
E. C. HART, Secretary. j
,, — __ — |
* 489Q83^^ A Tk3 £*^ ET E?
rT^^^Jr^Jand TUMOR
3J no knife ° r pain
H fejy Jte^^^S^w'f" M "Any lump in a woman's
brcastls cancer. The poi-
fcl£'iffi§i^'S''*!sv l fl Bon Qi'c^lj goes to arm-
o*&S*P®i9^S>*^ P u - If large It Is too late.
' -dSßsjlJKlSjSp&jJiy'^^ »en'» face and Up a com-
5 jo-Pagk Book sent free
B SfJB • ■ wL~\JB M \wlthhundredß ofaddreseeg
m^JLitJ^^fJ^ \gjjr if' of honest caret. No Fiuud.
8. R.CHAMLEY, M. D., 17 & 1 7 Third St.. HR Market ST.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—-OF THE — -
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF : LIVERPOOL, , ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897. . and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $2,032.077 43
Loans on bonds and .mortgages...... 272,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 3,951,329 41
Cash In company's office.... 1.457 53
Cash in bank 5......... 314,964 40
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 47,487 08
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 1,120 00
Premiums in due course of collection 762,562 16
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks..... 1,674 77
Rents due and accrued 10,040 12
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid...... 5,186 88
Total assets 17,400,199 78
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $59,022 71
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 337.154 07
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 62,075 70
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $3,211,567 42;
reinsurance 50 per cent..:.........;. 1,605, 71
Gross premiums on ' flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $4,411,- ' ■
309 64; reinsurance pro rata... 2,241,039 50
Amount reclalmable by the Insured ,
on perpetual flre Insurance policies 222.281 IS
Liability under life department 121,439 75
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
taxes, etc...... .' 67,288 43
All other demands against the com-
pany . 325,957 88
Total liabilities $5,032,112 93
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums ..:.. $4,597,35553
Received for Interest on bonds ' and
mortgages 12,633 25
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources...... 179.349 99
Received for rent 5................ 47.507 21
Total Income $4,836,847 &8
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $455,740 98, losses of pre-
vious years) ... •.....".... ; $2,538,666 24
Paid or allowed • for commission or -
brokerage ..r....... ........... .... 808,325 83
Paid . for salaries, , fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 340,138 79
Paid for State, national and local •
taxes ....;:." 117.033 26
All other payments and expenditures. 283,039 58
Total expenditures $4,087,203 70
Flre. .
Losses Incurred during the year $2,539,436 29
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- -
ten during the year.... $704,857,441 $5,995,897 74
Net amount of risks. ex- . v.- • .
: pired during the year.. 628,744,013 5,683,256 43
Net amount In force De- . - - r
cember 31, .1897........;; 780.815,734 7,613,115 68
E. F. BEDDALL, United States Manager.
Subscribed , and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898.
EDMUND HARVEY, Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
Royal Insurance Building,
COR. PINE AND SANSOME STS.,
SAN ' FRANCISCO. -
ROLL A V. WATT, Manager.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Mgr. Local Department.
BRANCH OFFICE V
The J. P. MAXWELL 00.
000 000 00 00 0 000 OOOQ
°w PALACE «O5« O 5
%GRAND HOTBLm
c S4I» FRANCISCO. (~( ~
! .** .Connected by a covered -passageway. V?
1 0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *»
: O ' All ' Under One : Management. ■ , ; O
'. O-'-'-V:- ; 'KOTE THE Pf.ICES: ; J .-. ;"J O
European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward A
American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward v
Q Correspondence n Solicited. ; ■■.:': :" n
q;, JOHN 0. KISSPATRICK, ; Maoagtr. • Q
QOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOO
tFAVORHTE
SCRIPTION
mL for weak WOMEN.
AMTJSEKENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
IT'S THE LIMIT!
Hoyt's Ever Popular
Spectacular Farce,
A MILK WHITE FLAG.
Everything Bright and New.
NEXT MONDAY— A Dramatic Event.
! "NANCE O'NEIL"
And the McKEE RAN KIN COMPANY.
Presenting the new version of Mosenthal'B
Deborah, "THE JEWESS." -
Seats now ready.
BALDWIN THEATER.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK ONLY.
Every Evening Except ■ Sunday— Matinee Sat.
MODJESKA,
Supported by a Splendid Company.
TO-NIGHT (only time) .."CAMILLE"
Saturday Matinee, "AS YOU LIKE IT." V
. Saturday Evening, "MACBETH."
NEXT MONDAY — "ADRIENNE LE-
COUVREUR." Tuesday— "MAßY STUART."
Wednesday and Remainder of Week.
"ANTONY AND' CLEOPATRA."
Sept. 26— "AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
A Complete and Perfect Ensemble.
MR. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW. .
"When Two Hearts Are Won."
DEL PL'ENTE, "Non c Vere," Grand Aria
Largo.
Bee CORINNE as Troubadour.
THE THREE ROSSIS.
THE HARPERS.
JOHN BYRNE.
POWERS & HYDE.
EDITH HALL as "GEISHA."
"A LAUGH GENERATOR,"
POWERS and HYDE
And 20 Colored Members In a Medley of Songs,
Dances and
GRAND CAKE WALK
Popular Prices— Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c*
Box Seats, COc Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Any Seat, 25c; Children, 10c. Telephone S. 435.
Sept. 19.— The marvelous AUSTINS, FASSI.
McBRIDE & DALLON.
IOROSCO'S GRANDS
Waltke Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager:
Great Success of the Sterling Melodrama,
THELAKLIYING
. And the Charming Actress, ;_":•:
MISS GERTRUDE FOSTER,
Next Week— THE COAST GUARD
With the Nonpareil Contralto Duo,
THE WATERMAN SISTERS,
Introducing Their Great Specialties.
Popular Prices— Reserved Seats, 25 and 50c;
Family Circle and Gallery, 10c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday. Telephone Green 861.
BESSIE BONEHILL. Character Artist.
HINES &. REMINGTON In "The Road
Queen."
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY In His
Greatest Part. "The Old Musician."
THE SEVEN TOW-ZOON-IN ARABS, th»
Whirlwinds of the Desert.
IRENE FRANKLIN, Singing Comedienne.
THE PASQUALIS AND SIGNOR ABRAM-
OFF In the Prison Scene from "Faust."
ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
New Act, "Cupid in the Park."
CHARLES BARON and His Lion Imitator*.
THE BIOGRAPH. Wonderful New Views.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 5Cc. .
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK— THE. GREAT PAOLIS and
other big stars. ■ -
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW EVENINGS,
"CARmEN."
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 2 P. M.
ALSO SUNDAY EVENING,
"I_M TR/*\/I f\Tf\."
NEXT WEEK— Thursday, Saturday
and Sunday Evenings, First Times In Thi«
City, Goldmark's Biblical Work. "THE QUEEN
OF SHEBA." Tuesday, ■ Wednesday, Friday
Evenings, Special Saturday ■ Matinee; "MAR-
THA." Popular Prices— 2sc and 50c. N. B.— A
Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c. N. B.— Our
Telephone, Bush 9.
AT CA7AR MATINEE
nLV t\Z^±\J\ TO-MORROW.
At 8:15, Charles S. Fawcett's Laughable Farce,
Entitled
"A TRAGEDY."
At 9:45, Powers' Chinese Play,
"THE. "FIRST BORN.»»
Next Week— Roland Reed's
"LEND ME YOUR WIFE 1"
COMEDY_THEATER.
j PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY
"THE LEADING MAN."
! .Matinee Saturday. Prices, 15c, 25c, 35c and
i 50c. Next Monday — HARRY CORSON
; CLARKE in "What Happened to Jones."
BEATS NOW SELLING.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A MATINEE EVERY DAY.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
ORO. CLIFFORD and ORO: EMIL CHEV-
I RIAL; COTTON and MOLL;. MAE TUNISON
! nnd EUSTAPIA.
Last Times of the "American ANNA HELD!"
SEE THE BIG BULL FIGHT! \
Rare ANIMALS and REPTILES In the ZOO!
. 10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc,
SUTROJBATHS.
; OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission, £sc; children, 20c.
11l VMDI 1 Eddy, . cor. Mason— GREAT NEW
liUIIA BILL OF STAR • ARTISTS. CON-
LIN '& RIDER, Comedy Acrobats; MARTIN'S
WONDERFUL DOGS; MADELINE; TRIXE-
DO; ROC .WELL, and others. Admission free.
; Matinee Sunday. ......,,
VITALIS
/•jmw PnOTOrtSAPHES ' THE NEW
fv^^^L yßQMure. CBcsinii
ViTALIS !OtJiDayr^^^«^^j^^s Jjfcfj
THE ABOVE RESULTS. Day. I ''*i^^^
It quickly and surely re- ' .
moves - Nervousness, Impotency, I CQUIDay. .
Nightly Emission-, Evil Dreams, 1 • ' ' -",
Wasting diseases and all effects Of self-abuse ox
excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Waids off Insanity
and consumption. Cures v.-hen all others fall. Insist
On having vITAI.IS. no other. Can be carried la
the vest pocket. By mail $1.00 per package or six
for $,>.Ol> with a guarantee to Care or .Refund
' the Money. Circular Free. ■ Address ---■■■
CALUMET MEDICINE CO., CHICAGO, ILL
I , ■ Sold by . Owl Drug Co.. S. F. f and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
! Is ■a • powerful aphrodisine • and ' specific tonlo
I for the , sexual and * urinary organs of ; both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys * and : bladder. ..; A great V Restorative.
. Invigorator ■ and -.■' Nervine. . Sells - on ■ Its , own
! Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
in- ■ NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
; 823 Market street. 8. P.— Send for Circular.)
JWCaSllprYflai
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Stiver unchanged.
Wheat firmer and Barley weaker.
Steadier feeling In Oats.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay in lighter receipt and steady.
Several changes In Benns.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Eggs advanced again. Butter and Cheese un
changed.
Poultry weak and plentiful.
Pears and Plums scarce and higher.
Dried Fruits quiet, but firmly held.
Lemons and Limes in small supply.
No change in Provisions.
Hogs weaker and Beef firmer.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
The circular of Henry Clews, under date of
New York, September 10, says: "The exces
sive heat and Labor day combined were suffi
cient to prevent any activity on the Stock Ex
change, especially as many large operators are
■till away at the seashore and mountains.
This, together with disappointment at St. Paul
not raising it* dividend to 6 per cent, afforded
the professional element an opportunity for de
pressing values, and wherever weak spots could
be found attacks were made. The results only
served to demonstrate the undercurrent of
strength that the market really possesses. The
strongest argument at command of the bear*
was the fear of tight money. Call loans were
pushed up to 4 per cent, a rate not likely to
injure the market; but the futility of this
method of attack was soon understood. There
Is no possibility of any Important advance In
money rates so long as we continue such a
henvy creditor in Europe. Sterling exchange Is
already at the gold importing point, and any
further advance in the money market would
simply hasten the large influx of gold which is
inevitable this autumn. Europe expects to
■end us large amounts of the precious metal,
and. thoush the flow may be hindered slightly
by higher rates for money in London, still the
gold must come when wanted, as Europe has
no other way in which to settle the Interna
tional account. There is no pnwpect of a
scarcity of funds for crop or business purposes
at the East or the Wett, so we advise our
friends not to be frightened by any tight
money scare."
WEATHER REPORT.
O2«ih Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 15, 6 p. m.
The following maximum t'-nuirratures were
• a frOHl «tntlons in California to-day:
Eureka. 58: Fresno, 96; Los Angeles, 80; Red
Bluff. 100; San Luis Obispo, 76: San Diego, 72;
Sacramento, *2; Independence, 88; Yuma, 104.
San Frs.ii-i.M-i ditta— Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 51; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest over Northwestern
Washington and lowest in Southwestern Arl- |
z^na. The pressure has follen slightly along
the coast and risen over the plateau region.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees |
In the Sacramento Valley nnd remained sta- 1
tlonary 1-1 •*" other districts. It Is from 6 to
15 degrees above the normal In the interior of
California.
The weather is partly cloudy along the
Washington coast and foggy along .lie central
of California. In other sections.lt Is
clear.
Forecast mad"? at San Francisco for thirty
Jiours ending midnight. Sept. 16, 189S:
Northern California — Fair, except partly
cloudy and foggy along the coast Friday morn
:ri£; fresh northerly wind; warmer on the
coast.
Southern California — Fair Friday; warmer
northeast; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco an.l vicinity— Partly cloudy and
foggy in the morr.int; fair during the day
Friday; warmer; brisk to high west wind In
afternoon.
Special from Mount Tamalpals — Clear: wind
west, •'< rnilos; temperature. 77; maximum
temperature, S3. G. L. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— Very large amounts
of money found their way ; Into stocks and
bonds to-day, and the apathy and depression
which have hung over the stock market during
practically ■ all of this morning were com
pletely dissipated. Even sugar, which at the
opening showed some continued ' apprehension
on the part of holders regarding the formidable
competition Impending in the trade, yielded
to the influence and more than ; recovered Us
early losses on very large transactions/. Man
hattan resisted attacks and rose with the gen
eral market. The late uneasiness over the
future of the money market had completely
disappeared. It was early demonstrated that
the late leaders of the bull market were to
give place to others, the grangers and other
high-priced dividend stocks meeting free offer
ings after a moderate advance. The most con
spicuous movement was In lower grade stocks
with dividend reports, and the Pacifies were
clearly the leaders. They were advanced in
London before the opening here, and the New
York market took up the- advance where the
London market left off. Northern Pacific led
the group with an extreme advance of 3% on
enormous transactions. There were . no reac
tions of any Importance during the day and
the closing was firm and generally near top
prices.
Bonds were strong and higher. Total ' sales,
610,000.
United States 3s advanced % In the bid price
to-day.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 464,100
shares, including: Atchlson preferred. 7950;
Ba! ... ■« and Ohio. 4SS3: Burlington. 20,149;
Louisville and Nashville, 7735; Manhattan, 13,
500; Missouri Pacific. 3200; Northern Pacific
63,635; Northern Pacific preferred. 14,856; Rocit
Island, 77.'9; Union Pacific. 18,805: St. Paul,
41,628; Wabash preferred. 3100; Union Pacific
preferred, 21.550; Minnesota Iron, 6010- Cotton
Oil, 4420; Tobacco. 42.710; Chicago Great West
ern. 40.025; People's Gas, 17.730; General Elec
tric, 5337; Sugar, 55,639; Rubber, 16,200.
CLOSING BONDS.
Atchlson 12 7 i Do prefd . 159
Do prefd 35 St P M & M..... 166
Baltimore & Ohio 42% So Pacific 21%
Canada Pacific .. 87% So Railway 9
Canada Southern. 63% Do prefd 34%
Central Pacific .. 22%, Texas & Pacific.. 14%
Ches & Ohio 23 Union Pacific 32%
Chi . 'ton 1".6 Do prefd . • 66%
«-vi B& O USV. U p D& 0 ." 6>!
Chi & E 111 65% Wabash .. »
C C C & St L.... 41% - Do nrefd 21%
Do prefd 87 Wheel ALE 2
Del & Hudson 106% Do prefd . 15
Del L * W 149 Express Companies-
Den & Rio G II Adams Ex .... 113
Do prefd 56% American Ex .... 130
Erie (new) 13% United States .... 41
Do Ist prefd. ... 36% Wells Fargo . 120
Fort Wayne 171 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd..... 137% a Cot Oil 35%
Hocking Valley... 6% Do prefd 85%
Illinois Central 1 .. 113 Amn Spirits . 12V
Lal«e Erie i W.. . 17% Do pre .;,.. " 37%
Do prefd 74% Am Tobacco . 149%
Lake Shore .... 192% People's Gas ....'. 106%
Louis & Nash.... 57% Cons Gas ......... 182
Manhattan L .... 97% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Met St Ry 155 Col F & Iron 21%
Mich Central 105 Do prefd "" SO
Minn & St L.... 27 Gen Electric".:'.;: 4«%
Do Ist prefd.... 88 Illinois Steel ..... 67
Mo Pacific 33% Laclede Gas . 49
Mobile & 0hi0... 26% Lead a?*
mo kAT 11% Do pref'd". ■.■.■.■.'.■.: 110
Do prefd 24 Haw Com C 0..... 28
Chi Ind & L...... 1% Pacific Mail S3
Do prefd 30 Pullman Palace... 188
£ v'r n n, ra ii i?2t* Sllver Certificates 60%
N V Central 118% Stand R & T 7&
N V Chi &St L. 13 Sugar •■"".• '*
Do Ist prefd.... 65 Do prefd 112
Do 2d prefd.... 33 T C & Iron:."::: 28%
Nor West . 13 v 8 Leather ..... 7
£° £ raP Co 6% Do preM 69%.
N ?> Pacl « 41% D 8 Rubber 46%
Do prefd 78% Do prefd ..... 104%
Ontario & W 15% West Union "^ 93*
Or R &■ Isav 56%. C & N . ,»
Or Short Line 32% Do prefd' '. ': '. '. '. '. '. ' 175
Plttsburg 169 st L ■ S W 4
Reading ....... 18% Do prefd „:::::: 12V
Do Ist prefd.... 43% R o W ' 12*
Rock Island 103% Do prefd ""as
St Louts & S F.. 8% Chi G W "■ 15%
Do Ist Prefd.... 65% Intl Paper "Co"": 602
Do 2d prefd.... 33 Do prefd 92
St Paul •• UO% Pa? is? prefd:: 83
Do prefd ;.. 157 Do 2d nrrM uu
Brooklyn R T.... 60% M nn Iron™".:" 9$
St P & Om. 81% C & E 111 prefd.. 106
CLOSING STOCKB
U S new 3s .105% N J C 6«.. _. . . 113%
US new 4s reg.. 127% i, Carolina 68..." 125
Do coup 127% Do 4s ....:? ... . ios
US *« 110% No Pao Ist... .... 115
Do coup 111% Do 3s 67 H
Do 2ds i 99 Do 4s ........ 10iv?
-8 5s reg 112% N V C * St L 4s'. 106%
Do os coup 112% Nor & W 65... * 123
District 3.658 117 Northwgtm cons 142%
Ala class A 108 Do deb 58..°." 119%
Do B 105 O Nay lits.. 1U
do c 100 O Nav4s.. ::::::: "»4
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr.... 126
Atchison 4s 95 OS Line '5s tr.... 106
Do adj 45....... 72% Pacific 6s of 95 .' 102*
Can So 2ds ...... 109 Reading 4s ...... 82%
Chi Term **• —•■ 88 • ROW 1iti....": .-■ B*2
C & Ohio 6s. 116% St L & I MC 5s 98
C H & D 4%s 104% St L & S F G 6»: 119
D A R a lsts.... 101 st P C0n.... 151 •
D & R G 45....... 96% St P C & P lsts. 118%
East Term lsts... 108 - Do 5s ' 11C«
Erie Gen 4s 72% - . Railway 58." " 97
FW & D lsts tr. 76 Stand. R& T 65.. 78
Gen Elec 55....... 108% Term new set 35.. 93
GH-A S A 65.... 105 Tex PL G lsts . 106%
Do,2ds ...... ..:.'102%. Do-Rg'2ds..V... 46%
■H■ *T C 65....... 11l Union Pac 45.... ; v 87%
Do con 6s .. 109% U P D & G lsts.. 76%
lowa C 15t5...... 103% Wab Ist C5........ m%
La new cons 4b.. 103 . Do 2ds .......... 89%
LAN Uni 45.... 80 W. Shore 45...;... 108%
Missouri 6s '..•...:. 100 Va Centuries ..... 76
. M X T 2d5. :..-.. 62% Do deferred ... 8
Do 45.........V... 88%|Wis Cent 15t5..... 54%
N V Central lsts. 116 I .
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ............ .18 / " > -«-arlo 400
Crown Point :."... .1* Ophlr ....'...:".. :... 66
Con Cal & Va....- 80 Plymouth ......... 12
Deadwood 25 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry... 23 Do prefd 400
Hale *• Noreross. 73 Sierra Nevada ... 87
Homeetake 45 00 Standard 180
Iron Sliver 67 Union Con 22
Mexican 221 Yellow Jacket .... 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
■"nney— Westinghouse El. io->»
Call loans 2%@3H Do prefd 67
Time loans 3 &4V4 Ed Elec Tel 185
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd... 99
A T & S F 13 Atchison prefd ... 35V4
Amer Sugar 12SH Bonds-
Do prefd 112« i New England 6s. 93
Bay State Gas... 1^ Wls Cent 6s nf*
BtOl Telephone 279 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 235 Aliouez Mm C 0... 3Vi
Boston & Maine. 162 Atlantic 26V t
Boston L 70 Boston & Mont.. 225V4
Chi Bur & Q.... 115% Butte & Booton. 23%
Fitchburg 104% Calumet & Hecla. C*"i
Gen Electric "6V4 Centennial 17%
Illinois Steel 6SH Franklin 14
Mexican Central.. t> Old Dominion ... 2~%
.■. V & New Eng. 98 Osceola 54%
Old Colony 190% Ouincy 115
Or Short Line.... 34 Tamarack 172
Rubber 45' ii Wolverine 56H
Union Pacific .... 32% i Parrot t 23 1 *
West End 87H
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— Money on call strong,
2^<ffs per cent; last loan. 4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4(ffs per cent; sterling ex
change weak at |4 S4!ff4 8414 for demand and
$4 84ig4 84% for 60 days; posted rates. $1 83®
4 S3H and J4 85@4 85Vi; commercial bills, J4 Sl@
4 81%; silver certificates, 60%@61c; bar silver.
604 c; Mexican dollars, 47c; Government bonds,
firm; State bonds, dull; railroad bonds, strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here were generally better
to-day. The chief gains are in Argentines and.
Americans. The latter were benefited by re
assuring cables received through arbitrage
houses as to dearer money in New York. These
cables raid that any great rise in money rates
will be prevented by gold imports. Pacific
stocks were especially Improved on the adjust
ment of rates and on Berlin buying. The mar
ket closed at about the best.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,664 barrels; exports, 17.321 barrels; generally
5c higher, with demand fair.
. WHEAT— Receipts, 186,850 bushels; exports,
161,625 bushels. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 73% c
f. o. b. afloat to arrive and spot. Options open
ed strong and eloped a big rise in September
through a scarcity of shorts, aided by higher
cables and strong outside markets. Subsequent
realizing brought some decline from the top,
the close being Irregular at 5%c advance. No.
2 red, September, 7u 1 55 1*o;1 *o; closed, 72V«c; De- ,
cember. 67%<8*>S 7-16 c; closed, 6b%c.
HOPS— Strong.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— closed steady, 6c lower to
5c higher. Sales, 15,7.,0 bags, including: Sep
tember, J5 35; October. $5 30. Spot coffee—
dull and barely steady; No. 7 Invoice. 66 lv";l v";
No. 7 Jobbing. 6=»»c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, S@
15c.
SUGAR— firm; held higher. Fair refin
ing, 3 13-16c<g3 7 centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c.
Refined, strong. '
METALS— local market continues to
show irregularity, many departments improv
ing on Increased demand and scarcity of sell
ers, while others exhibit a downward tendency
under large offerings and indifferent buying.
News on the whole was of Indlffernt purport.
At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßOX— Warrants, dull, with $6 75 bid and
$6 90 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, with $12 25 bid and
$12 37% asked.
TlN— Dull and easier, with $14 bid and
{16 12% asked.
LEAD— Steadier, with $4 bid and Jl 05 asked.
The ■ firm naming the settling price for lead
ing Western miners and smelters still quotes
lead *3 85.  •
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 SO bid and ?t 87%.
asked.
BUTTER — Receipts, 3034 packages; firm; El
gins. 20c; factory, U%fcl4e.
EGGS— Receipts, 5540 packages; firm; West
erns, 16% c. ■ ...
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 15.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— *§Bc; prime wire
tray, B%c; choice, 3c; fancy, S%c.
PRUNES— 4<SBc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll(£13c; Moorpark. 12*5 16 c.
■ PEACHES— 7@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO BRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, . Sept. 15.— Liverpool wheat shorts
were evidently very much alarmed as Septem
ber delivery of the article there was l>4d high
er than it closed yesterday before trading; com
menced here. Their alarm communicated it
•elf to their speculative brethren of the same
kind In Chicago, the consequence of which was
a rise In December of Vie a bushel at the start
and %c more In the next fifteen minutes. Sep
tember shorts were more cruelly dealt with,
having- to pay from lc to 24c over last night's
close, during the time of the above named ad
vance in December. Duluth was the only one
of the Western primary markets that received
anything like what might be considered ■ heavy
receipts. The dally repetition of very small
receipts, however, outside of Duluth. had at
length lacerated the feelings of the bears to a
point they could no longer stand. Minneapolis
cash wheat advanced ■ 2%c a bushel and cash
wheat at Duluth 2%c during the first hour.
Liverpool kept adding to the early advance In
September and finally closed with a gain for
the day of 2%d per cental, of the equivalent of
3%c a bushel. September closed with a gain
of l*4c and December rose %'g"»c. ■
Corn was In a disgruntled and unresponsive
mood to the strength In wheat. December
closed unchanged to %c up.
A fairly active cash demand, together with
the rally in wheat steadied oats. May closed
unchanged to %c higher.
Large hog receipts and lower prices at the
yards settled the fate of provisions for the
day. Prices were at a good stiff decline to be
gin with and made the matter worse as the
session progressed. . The latest trading was at
practically bottom prices of the day. Pork
declined 12%@15c; lard, 15c, and ribs, 7%c
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
September 65%..,./ ; 67 : 65% 66%
December ...... 63% 63% 63 63%
May 65 65% 64% 64&
Corn No. 2—
September 29% .29% 29Vi -29%
December 28% '29% 23% 29%
May.. 31% 81% 31% 31%
Oats No. 2—
September 20% 21 20% 20%
December 20% 20% 20% 20%
May 22% 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 850 850 8 42% 8 42%.
December 8 57% 8 57% 845 850
January ....9 35 935 9 22% 9 22%
Lard, per 100 pounds- . ■
October 4 87%. 4 87% 4 77% 4 77%.
December ...........4 92% 4 92% 4 82%. 4 82%
January ...:....... .4 97% .. 4 97% ' 490 • 4 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September ...... ..... 630
October ..6 27% 5 27% 525 6 27%
January 4 80 4 80 4 75 475
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 2 spring Wheat. 64®65%c;
No. 3 spring heat, 62%@66c; No. 2 red 67c
No. 2 Corn, 30%i330%e; No. -2 Oats, 21%021W :
No. 2 white. 24fi'25c; No. 3 white. 23Vi@24c- No'
2 Rye, 47@47%c; No. 2 Barley, , 39@43c; No i
Flaxseed, BS%@B9c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 45-
Mesa Pork,, per barrel. $8 45#8 50; Lard per 100
pounds. $4 82>.j'64 97%: Short Rib Sides, loose,
$5 15@5 25; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed 4%<a
4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 40@5 70
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9,400 12 300
Wheat, bushels 149.700 174100
Corn, bushels 351.000 134 400
Oats, bushels 360,100 395*200
Rye bushels 35.200 «,SM
Barley, bushels 79,700 6,400
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13rtf20c- dairies
11%@17c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 13(0il3%o.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
_... ■:'■.'■■■ Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 243,820 .60 060
Duluth .. ..................633.630 603 149
Milwaukee 31.850 2« 300
Chicago ........149.700 17*;i51
.ol. ole do ; 4,634 • 70,000
St. Louis '...32,000 S4 000
Detroit ..... 19,873 i.m
Kansas City 43..100 93,000
TotaJ« -.1,058,907 968,820
Tidewater— .. ■ •" ■■'."■
Boston.. ". 121.140 - '49 864
New York . 186.K60 161 626
Philadelphia : 20,686 - 4413
Baltimore 65,608 ■
New Orleans .'...'. • • ' 48 960
G&lveston ......90,944. 44[000
Totals ....................;147M28 : 308,863
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— . ; ~ Sept. - i Dec. Mar
Opening 67% • 53% 6 454
Closing ...............6 9* 5 5$ 6 6*6 *
PARIS FUTURES.
OpnT ...M NOV -^6
Opening 2150 2145
Cfosing .....:......y; 2146 > 2150
::: EASTERN live .stock market.
■• CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.-CATTLE-The limited
supply of Cattle to-day was well taken 7at an
advance of 10c ;In ' price. , Choice '; steers, $5 800
5 65; , medium, ,$4 60@4 95; b«ef ! steers, $4@4 55;
stockers and '.. feeders, 1 ; $394 60; : bulls, $2 25@4;
cows I and heifers, $3 60^4 26- 3 calves $3@7 50
$T| 8 5T T r :x nn a T nT > $3 l a: 4; « """'"
. HOGS— Were ; off . S^lOc. Fair to cholc«, ;|395 ,
THE SA*NT FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 1898.
<f?4 10; packing lots, $3 801 92H; butchers',
J3 65@4 10: mixed, $3 Csru4 05; light, J3 70@4 05;
pips. *3@3 95.
SHEEP— Were about unchanged. Native
sheep. $2 75f1?4 50; rangers, $3 60ig)4 25; feeders,
JS 80(5-4 05; native lambs, J4@6 25; Western
range lambs, $4 25@5 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 7000; Hogs, 32,000; Sheep,
18,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 15,000. Best steady; others weak. Na- |
tlve steers. $4<9*5 50: cows and heifers, $1 25@
4 60; stockers and feeders, J3@4 85; bulls, $2 50 |
®3 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 15.000. Market 6@loc lower. I
Bulk of sales. $3 70@3 90; heavies, J3 70(53 90;
packers, $3 55(??3 85; mixed S3 65<ff3 SO: lights,
$3 50^3 SO; yorkers. J3 75<ff3 SO; pigs, J3 25@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Market weak.
Lambs, $4@5 20; muttons, $3(J?4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Sept. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts. 5600.
Market steady. Native beef steers. $4 20@5 40;
Western steers, J3 75@4 40; cows and heifers,
$3tfi3 75; stockers and feeders, $3 60@4 60; calves,
$4(86 60. ,
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000. Market 10@15c lower.
Heavy. $3 65@3 77»4; mixed. $3 70<ij"3 72%; light,
J3 70<03 76; bulk of sales, $3 70@3 72Vi-
SHEEP— Receipts. 5400. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 60@4 10; Westerns, $3 30@3 90;
stockers, $3@4; lambs, $4®5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Sept. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts. 900.
Market steady and active; beef steers, $3 50@
4 50; cows, $3@4; feeders, freight paid to river,
$3 75@>4 20; stockers do, $3 60@4 25; bulls, stags,
etc., $2Sr3. • ■ ■■ ' -' ■ • ■
HOGS— Receipts, 500. Market 5c lower, firm;
light packers. $3 75@3 SO; mixed, $3 704?3 75;
heavy. $3 55<£3 70. •■■■-.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Market steady; good
fat muttons, J3@4 25; lambs, $4 50@>5 30.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day as follows:
MONTREAL. Sept. 15.— Bartletts, $2 15^2 35,
average 12 23. ■:{>
NEW YORK, Sept. .15.— Malagas. $1 50@l 75.
I average $164; ' Bartletts,. $2 25ig2 65. average
I %2 41: Gros, 1140; Clairgeau. $1 86; Italian, 95c
<&$1 15, average $1 06; Silver, $101 25. average
i $1 14. • Eleven cars sold. Weather cloudy.
! CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— Tokay, 75@90c, average
j 86c; Malaga,- 65c5fil 10, average $110; Italian,
! 60®>80c; Silver, 90c. Seven cars sold. Weather
cloudy.
BOSTON, Sept. 15.— Malagas, $1 35@1 45. av
erage SI 42; Sal ways, 55crgr$l 15, average 9Sc;
Strawberry Free. 70<<?90c. average BSc; George's
Late, 75c@$l. average 82c; Picquett's Late, 9Sc;
Kelsey Japan, Jl 55.?/ 1 70. average $1 62; To
kays, 95c®U 90, average $1 63; Morocco, $1 35;
Bartletts, $2?J2 30, average $2 10. Four cars
sold. Weather cold. . .
CALIFORNIA PRUNES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— The Journal of Com
merce sa>s: There Is reported to' be an In
creased demand for California prunes for for
ward delivery. The call has been chiefly for
large sizes, and as these are almost unobtain
able, buyers are now turning their attention
to smaller fruit. Numerous car > load orders,
we are informed, have been placed since the
beginning of the week, but no sales of larger
quantities have. come under our notice, specu
lative Interest seeming to be entirely dormant,
as prices demanded on the coast are above
most buyers' views, and holders there decline
to make any'concesslon. Owing to the scarcity
of large California fruit, it is reported that
buyers are seeking to supply their wants
through purchases- of Washington and Oregon
Italian prunes, but even of these, it is under
stood, that the proportion of large sizes Is
light, > although the crop is held to be much
heavier than in previous ■ years.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 15.— There was a
lively movement in Wheat to-day, the recent !
advance In price bringing out some good-sized
offerings. The total sales for the day were close '
to 400,00() bushels. Receipts were 150 cars. Prlce s |
were steady at SSJS'6Oc for Walla Walla and 62
63c for valley and blue stem, with a shade ;
higher paid occasionally.
Cleared— British ship John Cooke, for Queens- i
town, with 111,583 bushels of Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 15.— Wheat firm and I
higher. Club, SSHc; blue stem, 62V4c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Sept. 15.— Consols. 110; ullver, 28d; j
French rentes, 103f 7%c; wheat cargoes off
coast, previous bids are repeated; cargoes on
passage, dull for white, firm for red; Walla
Walla, 27s 4%d; English country markets,
partly 6d dearer.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 15.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter
firm, 5s 9d.
CO FlN— American mixed spot new quiet, 3s
Id. Futures, steady; September, 3s Id; Octo
ber, 3s l%d; December. 3s 2%d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 15.— Cotton, easy;
middlings. I 3-16 c.
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— Cotton, easy; mid
dlings, 5 11-16 c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 15.— Exchanges, $246. -
362; balances, 534.607.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — {4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 486
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS
WHEAT— The market ruled firm at the Im
proved quotations, with a fair business. The
foreign markets were also better.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%®1 15; milling.
$1 17%@1 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 3:ls o'clock— December
4000 ctls, »1 19%; 10,000, U 19%; 40,000, SI 19%
4000, $1 19%.
Second Session— December — 2000 ctls $1 19«
18,000. $1 19%; 8000, $1 19%; 4000, $1 19%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
$1 18%; 12.000, ?1 19H; 20,000. Jl 19%; 2000. Jl 19-
6000, $1 18%. May-8000. Jl 22; 2000, $1 21%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls
$1 18%; 10,000. Jl 18%; 24,000, Jl 18%. May— 2ooo|
BARLEY— The situation remains about the
same.
Feed, $1 35@1 17%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No : sales.
Second Session — sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
♦1 l'%«
Afternoon Session— No sales. '
, OATS— Dealers quote a rather firmer feellnr
at unchanged quotations. Fancy Feed, SI 20<a
1 22% per ctl: good to choice, $1 12'/6@l 20; com
mon, $1 07%<i|l 10; Surprise, nominal; Gray
»1 1001 15; milling, Jl 15@1 20 per ctl. ■'
CORN— The market is devoid of life and quo
tations show little change. Small round yel
low. $1 25; Eastern large yellow, $1 07%; white
Jl 12%; mixed. « 02%@l 05 per ctl. '
RYE— JIIS@I 17% per ctl. r
BUCKWHEAT— Jl 75&1 85 per ctl.
" FLOUR ; AND : MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. )4 15®4 25; bakers'
extras, $4©4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lt>s; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $7; Oornmpal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats
H 50; Hominy, $3 SQt :,0; Buckwheat Flour si
G4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina. U so-
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Holled Oats (bar
rels), $:. S. r >(§>6 26; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl Bar
ley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 Der
100 Its.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The flood of outside Hay to this market,
which was predicted for the month of Sep
tember, has not yet arrived, and may never.
Dealers say that Oregon has about 30,000 tons
of surplus Hay which she can ship here If
prices warrant, and this will probably be done
If the maket advances two or three dollars a
ton later on; but present quotations do not
justify the shipment of this Hay to this mar
ket. It Is the general Impression among deal
ers that the market has about reached bed
rock, but this Is a mere guess and may oe re
alized or not. T T tah has a good deal of Al
falfa, and Washington has more or less Hay
which can be sent in here in the event of a
sharp advance; but as prices are now It Is
likely to stay at home.
BRAN— sl4i»ls 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB62O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $25 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Jobbing
$32'p32 50; Cocoanut Cake. |24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28fr'3O per ton; Cornmeal, 523i&23 50-
Cracked Corn, $24(ff24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $13 50@16 50 for
good to choice, and $12W13 for lower grades- no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $13«j)15; Oat
$12 50@14; Barley, ; Island Barley, $io®
11 50; Alfalfa, $11 50@12 50; Stock, $10; Cloved
nominal.
OUTSIDE HAT— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $12@13 50; Oat, |11©12 50; Cheat, $10<ffli2-
Timothy. $io®l2 50; Alfalfa, $10@ll per ton '
STRAW— 3O®SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Bayos are weak at a decline, and new
Bay iis are report ed at $2 16%. LI mas are
Bayos are reported sold at $2 16%. Limas ar«
quoted highet. Otherwise there Is nothing new
In Beans.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 20@2 26; Small Whites,
$1 95i52 15; Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks
$2 30(32 40; Reds, nominal; Blackeye. $3 \}/ft
3 25: Butters, nominal: Llmas, $3 15^3 25; Pea.
$1 »o£2 06; Red Kidneys. $2 50f 2 75 per ctl.
SEEPS— Brown Mustard. $4 X®4 60 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, t*^i 12V4; Flax, nominal. J2®
2 10; Canary Seed, 2%(e2%c per It); Alfalfa,
from Utah, 6c; Rape, 2%@3%c; Hemp, 2%@3c;
Timothy. 5@5%c.
DRIRD PEAS— Nlles, Jl 50; Green. $1 75@2 26
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market shows no change worthy of note.
All kinds are In sufficient supply and some are
too plentiful.
POTATOES— 40(f?50c In sacks for Early Rose
and 45iff65c in sacks and 60ctfi$l 10 in boxes for
Burbanks; Salinas Burbafiks, 75c@u 20; Sweet
Potatoes, l@l%c per lb.
ONIONS— 50<& 65c per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 75c«$l per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. s@'Gc; String
Beans, I^ffi3c; Lima Beans, 2«3c: Bay
Squash, 25<g300; Green Peppers, 25®40c for
Chile and 25(?j'40c for Bell; Cabbage. 50c per
ctl: Carrots, 30<§50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
25&35 c; Pickles, Jl 50fal 65 for No. 1 and 75cff?Jl
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 35@60c: Bay Toma
toes, 40® 75c: Green Corn, 75c® 1 Jl per sack
for \ acavllle, Jl@l 50 per crate for Alameda,
75c?ijl for Berkeley; Garlic. 2@2M.c per lb;
Green Okra, 40<?i65c; Dried Okra. 8<&10c per lb;
tgg Plant, 40@60c per box; Marrowfat Squash.
JSfclO per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. Wi^lSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The free recelr*« from the East this week
have been too much for the market and several
kinds are lower, young stock In particular.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15®17c for Gob
blers and 10<513c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
Jl KOI 50; Goslings, Jl 25@1 50; Ducks. J3@3 50
for old and J3@4 50 for young; Hens. J4@s;
Roosters young, J4 50(35 50; Roosters, old, J4 25
@ 4 50; Fryers, J4; Broilers, J3 50 for large,
J2 sOfi3 for small; Pigeons, Jl KQI 50 per dozen
for young and Jl 25(gl 50 for old.
GAME — Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs have moved up another notch and are
very firm. Butter is also firm at the advance.
Cheese has not changed for some/time.
BUTTER— " .
Creamery— creameries, 26@27c; seconds,
24?t25c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@24c; common
grades, 17H'820c. '
Pickled Goods— Firkin,' lf?©;Oc; pickled roll,
21(52li 2 c; creamery tub. 21<f?22!£c.
Eastern . Butter— Ladle packed. 16@>16%c per
lb: Elgin. Zi<!i-2S^c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10@llc; old. BV£@
9'ic; Cream Cheddar, lOifillc; Young America.
10'"!ni"*c: Eastern. 12(!?13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 25<f?29c per dozen; store
Eggs 15® 21c; Eastern, ib&lTnc for ordinary
and 20@22c for fancy. ..
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Choice Pears and Plums are scarce and want
ed by the canners at full figures. A few fine
Pears sold at the rate of $65 per ton.
Melons and Grapes are in good supply and
not materially changed.
Limps continue scarce and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2©3 50 per chest for large and
$6<i>S for small.
Figs, nominal.
Cantaloupes, 50c@$l per crate: Nutmegs, ISO
60c per box; Watermelons, $15(^25 per hundred
for large and $s@>l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, B#9c per lb.
Quinces, 50@S5c. -
Pomegranates, nominal.
White Grapes, 25@40c per box; Black Grapes,
25@40c; Muscats, 33@50c: Seedless, ; To
kay, 35@50c; crates sell about 10c higher than
boxes: Isabellas, Jlfil 25 per crate.
Blackberries, $2 50@5 per chest. ■
Plums, 40<J{6Oc per crate and 4U@6oc per box;
in bulk, -$20 per ton. C
Peaches, 65@85c per. box for good to choice
and 40<fr'G0c for common stock.
Raspberries. $6SfS per chest. ■
Apples, 35 60 c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Kartlett Pears, $I@l 50 per box and $50Ji€0
per ton for No. 1 and 75@90c per box and $40
per ton for ripe and inferior stock. <
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $I®l 60 for Va
lencia*. JKul 25 ■ for St. Michaels, . 75c#Jl for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50@75c for Seedlings;
Lemons. $2<?i2 60 for common and $3®5 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $6(ff 7: Califor
nia Limes. 75c@'$l' 50: Bananas, $1 25(§2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, |3'g'4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
The situation Is about the ■ same. Trade is
not active, but there is . a steady demand for
good lots and the market Is kept well cleaned
up all the time. It is the general opinion that
there will be brisk times in dried fruit later
on In the fall, but this Is of course merely the
opinion of operators.
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, 6c for
40-50' s, 6c for 50-60' 4>4c • for 60-70's, 3%
@4c for 70-SO's, 3Vi@3%e for 80-90' 2\®3c for
90-100' and 2®2%c for 100-110" Peaches, 6>4®
BV4c for good to , choice and 9@loc for , fancy;
Apricots, -Jig 12c for - Royals and 10@13c for
Moorpark; • Evaporated Apples, '■ 7V4@7%c; sun
dried, 4©T.c; Black Figs, sacks, • 2<g'>2 l ,jc; Plume,
6©6 c for pitted and lUjlVic for unpltted; Necta
rines, 6@<c for prime to fancy; Pears, 7@7Vic
for quarters and B@loc for halves. *
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown. 4c for three
crown, 4%c for four-crown, 4Vs'Jf6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3»4c for Seedless Muscatels . and $1 20
for London Layers; dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS-*VValnuts, new, 6c for hardshell/ 7c for
softshell; Almonds, 3© 4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
ftshell, BVi@9c for paper-shell;' Peanuts, 4@
6Vic for Eastern and 4Vsc for California; Pe
cans, 6V4@Bc; Filberts, 9%<310c; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per IT); Cocoanuts, H 50®5 per. hundred.
HONEY-Comb, 9<Q 10c .for bright and 6&7 c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, sV*@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5V4c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib. ;
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. . B%c per Ib for
heavy, 9c for light medium, lOMtc for light, lie
for extra light and 12V£®13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10Vt@llc; Califor
nia Hams, S'.i'rflOc; Mese Beef, $10@10 60 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $111011 50; Family Beef,
$IL''s'l2 50; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$18'tfl8 50; mese. $15 &0@16; Smoked Beef, Iligil2c
per lb. • .
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per Tb
for compound and 7>4c for pure; palls, 8c; Call
fornia tierces, 5c per Ib for compound and 7c
lor pure; half barrels, 7>4c;.10-lb tins, 8c; 5-tt»
tins, B>4c. /.-..* ■ , .
COTTOL.ENE — Tierces. 6V4@6Hc; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 In a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, $%c; 6-Ib pails. 12 In a
case, BVic; 10-lb palls. 6 In a case, S%c; BO^Tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c;. fancy ■tubs, 80 '.lbs net, 7Hc; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per It).
" HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND , SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy' salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, BV4c; Cow
hides. B%iff9Hc; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound. 15@15%c; culls and brands,
12@13c; dry Kip and Veal, 10c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, Is(jf2sc each; uhort
wool, 30@40c each; medium. 60@80c;, long wool,
90c®$l 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, $2 25 for
large and <I@l 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $1 50@l 75 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vi@3V4c per Ib;
No. 2. 2%@2%c; refined. *4H<(j>4%c; Grease. 2c.'
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, ■■ 9f!712c. •■■? Spring Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', -- 8<??10c: ; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12®14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10@12c; Middle County. 13@16c;Hum
boldt and ! Mendocino, • 14@16c; - Nevada, . 10!j?14c;
Eastern Oregon, ilO®l2c; Valley Oregon. : 15<&17c.
HOPS— crop, l(X§)l3c ; 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta T Grain ,\* Bags, 4%e; ■ Wool
Bags, 26@28c: r San Quentln Bass, $4 15; Fruit
Hags, 5c,6H«.. and B%c for the. three "grades of
white and 7<gSc for brown. ;■*_■.,;
COAL — Cumberland Is lower again. Wel
lington, $8 per ton; New Wellington,
$S; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Scat
tie. $G: nryant. $6; Coos Ray, iS; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 In bulk and $11 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 Der ton In bulk and $14 in
sacks.
QUICKSIL.VER— Is lower at $37 50@3S for ex
port.
Sl'GAß— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed*
and Fine Crushed, 7ftc; Powdered. 6%c; Candy '
Granulated, 6>£c; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, Cc; California A, 6%c; Magnolia A,
EHc; Extra C, f.'ic; Golden C, 6ftc; half bar
rels, %c more than barrels, and boxes V4c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue weak. Choice fat Beef is
bringing more money, and sales even above the
quotations are reported in the country. The
other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%@7c; second quality
6c; third quality, 4V4®5%c.
VEAL— Large, oijJ'Gc; small. t,,4@Bc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6(g7c; Ewes, 6Q6^c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 7%<?Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%c for large, 4c for
medium and 3Hfi3MiC for small; stock Hogs
2@3c; dreased Hcgs. s^4@6Hc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursdny, September 15.
Flour, qr sks ... 19,03; Sugar, bags .... 2,589
Wheat, ctls 460 Chicory, bbls ... 20
Barley, ctls 4.170 Hides, no 506
Cheese, ctls 160 Pelts, bdls 1,052
Butter, ctls 261 Bran, ska 115
Tallow, ctls 454 Middlings, sks .. 412
Raisins, bxs 400 BeanF. sks 195
Lime, bbls 120 Potatoes, nks ... 1253
Eggs, doz 10,650 Onions, sks -.57
Leather, rolls ... 133 Hay. tons 374
Lumber, ft 40,000|Hor>n. bales 20
Wine, gals 32,950!W001, bales 56
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 7. 520 i Barley, ctls 11,340
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 1,330; Hay, tons 10
Bran, sks r>Ml
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10i
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400j
THE STOCK MARKET.
While trading In mining stocks was good
again, there was less activity and quotations
were maintained with difficulty in most stocks,
though there was no particular decline.
Local securities were active as usual and
Hawaiian Commercial sold up to $28 50.
The Gold Coin Mining Company of Colorado
has declared a dividend of 1 cent per share,
payable September 25.
The Elkton Consolidated Mining Company of
Colorado has declared a dividend of IV4 cents
per share, amounting to $20,000, and payable
September 25.
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan Mining Com
pany of Coeur d'Alene. Idaho, paid a dividend
of 7 cents per share, amounting to $21,000, on
the 6th.
The directors of the Welsbach LJght Company
have declared a dividend of $1 per share, pay
able on the 19th.
The Challenge Consolidated reports $2321 in
its treasury September 1.
The Consolidated Imperial Mining Company
had a cash balance of $86 September 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Sept. 16— p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid.Ask.
- U S Bonds— P«o L Co 48*4 50
4s quar c.up..111%112% S F G & E... 88 88%
4s quar rc<r. ..HOVilllW San Fran ..... 3% 3%
«s quar new...127",;i25'4 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
3s new ....;... 104%105% Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Flrem s Fund. 2o3 —
Cal-st Cab 58.115 — Water Stocks—
Cal El 6p5.....i25 — Contra Costa.. 52% 65%
C C Wat 65...100%101% Marin Co ..... 50 —
Dup-st ex c...— 98% Sprln" Valley. 99%100
EL & P 65.. 131 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 6s. — ; IIS Anglo-Cal .... 62% 65
Oeary-st R ss. 93 100 Bank of Ca1.. 248 249
H C& S 4%5.100 105 Cal SD & TV. — 93
I. A I. Co 68.'. — 100 First Nat .....205 —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Lon P & A....125}4 —
Market-st 65.'.--- 130 Mer Exchange 14 —
Do Ist M 5s. Hi y ll4 Nev Nat 8...161 163
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 9714 Savings Banks—
X C NGRy 75. 104 108Va Ger S & L..1360 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 112 113% Hum S & L. 1050 1160
NRy Cal E5.. 105%— Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 65.i03'4106 S F Say U.. 490 500
NP C R R55. 100*4 — ' S& L. 50.... — 9*
N Cal R R ss. —. — Security S B 300 — .
Oak Gas 55....^1 — Union T Co. 1000 —
Do 2d Is 55.. 110%—: Street Railroads—
Om Rv 6s 127%— California 10S — ..;
P & Cl Ry 6s. 106 — ! Geary .40 —
P & O 65.'..-.U3% — Market-st 54% — .
Powell-st 65... 119 — Presidio ....... 9 —
Reno WL4UOO — I Powder—.
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — California .....130 150
S F& N P 55. 109 109% E : Dynamite... S7 96
PiprraßCal6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 49% 43%
S P of Ar 65..]01?<.1i105% Vlgorlt 2 2%
S P Ca! 6a.. 112% — Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg ss. 102 — Al Pac Assn. .lo3 103%
S P Rr C5.;...118%119Vi Ocr L.d Wk5..140 —
S V Water 6s. 116 .-» Hana P C 0.... 18% VS*i
B V Wat 45... 103 103%jH C & S Co.. 25% 28%
Stockton Ga5.. 102 — Hutch SP. Co. 58% —
Cas & Electric— . Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent G»slitrht.lOs — Nat Vln (is...— 6
Cent L -&. P. . . 7% 9% Oceanic S Co. 57 —
Mutual 151 Co. 10% — .Pacific A F A. 1% 1%
Oakland Gas.. 52% 53 (Pac Rot C 0... — 105
Pac Gas Imp.. BS% — ,Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morninz Session.
12 Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
SO do do 103 25
10 Giant Powder Con 49 50
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 50
ISO Hutchlnson S P Co 58 75
$4000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 75
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 75
5 Spring Valley Water 100 00
$3000 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 105 00
100 Vlgorlt Powder 2 25
Street—
100 Hana Plantation Co. b 10 18 37%
Afternoon Session.
25 Alaska Packers' Association 103 25
30 do do 103 50
10 Giant Powder Con 49 62%
10 do do 49 75
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 75
25 Hana Plantation Co 18 37H
75 do do IS 25
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 58 75
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 12%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 25
$1000 S P of A Bonds 108 25
$0000* do do 108 12%
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 119 00
$600 1* S 3s Bonds (coupon) 105 00
Street—
90 Pacific Lighting 48 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Afternoon Session.
65 Cal Safe Deposit and Trust Co 98 25
20 do do 98 50
25 Spring Valley Water 99 75
60 Hawaiian C & S Co, b 5 28 30
60 do do b 10 28 50
Street—
15 Cal Safe Deposit and Trust Co 9S 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 04 400 Gould & Curry.. 30
2W Alta 12 200 Ophlr 60
100 Andes 13 400 63
600 Belcher 22 300 Overman 07
200 Chollar 24 200 Potosl 24
600 Con Cal & Va, . . 93 100 Savage 20
100 91 1000 Seg Belcher .... 03
100 Crown Point .... 20 100 Sierra Nevada.. 8S
400 Mexican 2<> 500 Union Con 26
700 30 100 Yellow Jacket... 26
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 211100 Potosl 23
400 Chollar 21 100 Savage 18
850 Con Cal A Va... 90 100 19
50 Hale & Norcrs.. 83 400 Seg Belcher ... 03
200 Mexican 27 200 Sierra Nevada... 80
3")0 Ophlr 60 300 Union Con 24
100 Overman 07 200 Yellow Jacket... 26
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
COO Andes 14 200 Confidence 50
400 13 800 Con New York.. 03
600 Belcher 19 MX) Justice 12
400 Best & Belcher. 37 700 Mexican. 27
400 36 200 Ophlr Jl
500 35 400 60
700 34 200 59
:m 33 1100 58
1200 Bullion 04 600 57
1000 Challenge Con.. 20 400 (6
300 21 300 55
300 Chollar 22 600 Potosl 23
300 21 SOO 22
400 Con Cal & Va.. 92 400 21
600 91 200 Sierra Nevada... 83
700 90 500 80
800 88 150 75
300 89 200 78
700 86 300 Union Con 25
200 85 400 24
200 Crown Point .... 19 800 23
700 20 400 22
400 18 1000 Utah 09
300 Gould & Curry. 27 500 Yellow Jacket... 26
300 26 600 25
800 25 500 24
Afternoon Session.
■>00 Alta 10 »00 Gould & Curry... 28
!00 Andes 13 W0 28
TOO 12 200 Ophlr 60
500 Bflnher 19 100 58
'00 Best & Belcher.. 36 500 54
200 35 500 55
500 32 400 Savage 18
300 Challm^e Con... 19 WO W
?00 18 200 Scorpion 04
«oCon Cal & Va... 90 100 Seg B & M 04
»?50 85 700 i 03
JOO 84 300 Sierra Nevada... 75
500 83 400 7J.
100 Crown Point 18 rOOr OO Union Con 24
1500 Justice 12 1500 Utah 10
SOO ll|3oo Yellow Jacket... 25
160 Mexican 2S '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Sept. 15—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 11 12
Alta 10 12 Kentuck 04 05
Andes 12 13 Lady Wash ... — 05
Belcher 19 20lMexlean 23 24
Best & Belcher 32 33! Occidental 90 91
Bullion 04 05|Ophlr 51 53
Caledonia 30 —Overman 06 07
Chollar 19 20 Potosi 21 22
Challenge Con. 19 21 Savage 17 18
Confidence 50 — : Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va. 80 82 Beg Belcher ... 03 04
Cnn Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 74 75
Crown Point ..17 19 Sliver Hill — 12
Con New York. — 03, Syndicate — 03
Exchequer — 0-TPtandard 156 I*s
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Onion Con 21 22
Hale & Norcrs. 80 8S L'tah 09 10
Julia 01 03 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16.
Sun riftes 5:52
Sun sets «:18
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
H '
0.2
0.1
0.0
-0.1
i -0.1
1:(
1:
2:1
3::
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes' occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
united States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <■— ) precede? the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference lg the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, li
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and "the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal
A notice stating whether the ball -was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any Is published
in the morning papers tho fo] lowing day
„ i CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). V. s. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrocraphic Office. . U S N Mer
tembe*r F^ o^" 56 ' **" Franclsco - Cai Se P*
in tiln « ba !> on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day-
I mV GVeeTwlch^n ° r at 8
, Kns^gn ( r et,redV C^ A g- T^^
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Coos nay........ Newport ........... - >o eDt lg i
...... .(Orays Harbor ..;:: sept IS
National City... Portland Sent is
Mine01a......... Tacoma ........ I*."" slirtl«
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland ".I*" " SeSt'll
Navarre Yaqulna Bay ".W'.'BSt if
Waßhtenaw....lTacoma ........ 'w 17
Arcata... ........ Coos Bay V...'--"" Sect 17
Bertha... St. Michael ...•"" Scot is
Titanla ........ INanalmo ....... S«t*M
Bristol Departure Bay '.I" Sept IS
Scotia.... iHumboldt ........ 9ent 1*
North Fork Humboldt ...... lentil
Weeott .-..: Humboldt ".... Sent'
Corona San Dle e o slnt i«
Australia Honolulu " slpMs
Pomona Humboldt :1 114
gtarbuck Panama '.* .i;;;." IStlw
£ r"r "P r"Or "O Seattle g-ntll
Homer' ....|Newport " Sent 20
Columbia Portland .;.... Sept 20
Alameda.. Sydney <wo?
Mackinaw Tacoma .... Hi X"«
Santa Rosa:.... Pan 1.1-, 0 .. l^tM
Curacao.... |Tacoma ... Sent 2'
State California ! Portland ... . "f *£ of
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
:lnatlon.
Pier.
£?™° n * •••• "umbpldt .... Sept. 16. 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa. San Dieffo..... Sept. 16. 11 am Pier U
Stat Cal Portland...... Sept. 16: 10 am P 24
Cnn « ar ii a lulna1 ulna Sept. 17. spm Pier 13
Coob Bay... Newport Sent 18 9am pw 11
Un^illa . . Vie & Pgt Sd. Se^t. 11] 10 S5 PI H
G h w at E "•• l M eX '£°; "< R 'Pt. 18. 10 am Pier 11
G W Elder Portland ISept. 10 am Pier 12
V:'° a n t • • Panama.. Sept. 19. 12 m PMSS
££££ £ oos ay --- gept. 2o. lo am Pier 13
EE o™"40 ™"4" 4 a " D1en0.... Sept.2O. 11 am Pier 11
g ra ys Harbor Sept. 21. 4pm ........
Columbia .. Portland...... Sept. 22, 10 am Pier 24
""•"er Newport S»Dt 22 1 «mipi«r 11
Q" een • • .'Vie & Pgt Sd. Sept. a! 10 am'lPler 9
Pier 9
Pier U
Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
_. _ Thursday, . September 15.
Cres^enPcuy. 111 Clt > r - StOckfleth ' 33 hours from
reka mr Orlzaba> Parsons, 20 hours from Eu-
Tacom E " hu Thomßon . Garlick, 105 hours from
x. «i con let. :~ *
Sa n I D r ie^o rUnBWlCk> Ande ™ on ' * 2 hours from
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 8 hours. from Seat
_Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 16 hours from
Greenwood.
amj"w !P o y ' GleloW> 2'2 ' hours fr ° m Monterey
Sehr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
CLEARED.
Thursday, September 15.
Stmr Elihu Thompson, Garlick, Tacoma-
Goodall. Perkins " Oj.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diesro:
G^^dall, Perkins * Co.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins * Co.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
mond & Co.
Schr Transit, Jorgensen. Honolulu; Williams
Dimond &. Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, September 15.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Peterson.
Bark Palmyra, Keller. Port Gamble.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen, Coqullle River
Schr La Chilenn., Matsen. Fort Ross.
6chr Maxim. Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, Honolulu.
Schr Transit, Jorgenson. Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 15—10 p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind, SW; velocity, 12 miles.
The Mauna Ala loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Qlenmark loads nitrate at Iquiqul for
the United Klnpdom.
The Empire loads lumber at Burrard Inlet
for Freemantle. 62s 6d; Sulitelma, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Callao, 42s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Aug 20— Lat 17 N long 27 W, Br ship City of
Florence, from Liverpool, for Victoria.
DISASTER.
SEATTLE, Sept 15— Chll bark Bertha, from
Puget Sound, returned, having been in colli
sion with ship Lucile, hence Aug 21, while in
tow of tug Lome, 10 miles SSW of Cape Flat
tery. The Bertha cut through cat heads; Lu
clle had head gear carried away and was cut
through ten planks.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
LONDON. Sept 15— 90 per cent reinsurance
has been paid on the bark George F Manson
from Sydney, for San Francisco.
LONDON, Sept 15— Ger bark Amazone, from
Oregon, arrived at East London. Jettisoned a
portion of cargo durlne a hurricane.
MEMORANDUM.
Per brig Consueln — Sept 10 400 miles from the
Farallones saw a bark bound to San Francisco;
also another bark standing more to the east
ward.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 10— Schr C H '
Merchant, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Pept "— Schr Fal
con, hence Sept 23; gchr John F Miller, from
Redondo.
GRENWOOD— Arrived Bept 15— Stmr Whltes
boro, hence Sent 14.
USAL-Salled Sept 15— Schr Albion, for Pan
Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed Sept 15— Stmr George
Loomlp. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Se-^t 15— Stmr George W
Elder, for San Francisco; stmr Columbia hnc
Sept 13. Sept 14— Br bark Invercauld. hence
Ausr 31.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 15-Schr C T Hill for
San Franicsco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Alcazar
hence Sept 10.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept IS— Stmr Scotia, frm
Rockport: stmr North Fork, hence Scot 13
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 11— Schr Roy
Somers. hence Auk 23.
VENTTRA-Arrived Sept 15— Stmr George
Loomls. hence Sept 14.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
Arrived Rent 15-Stmr Aloha, hence Sept 14
PORT TO-\YNSENI>-Arlved Sept 14— Bktn
Amelia, from Honolulu, for Port Blakeley schr
E X Wood, from Honolulu, for Tscoma '
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 15-Stmr Newburg
from Newport.
: . FOREIGN PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Sept 15— Bark
Charles B Kenny, from Honolulu
IQUIQUE— SaiIed : July 2S— Chll bark India,
fcr Port Blakeley. lnala -
DEAL— Passed Dec 14— Br ship Poltalloch
from Hamburg, for . tm—uaa,
=• PANAMA-Sailed Auk 24-Haw etmr Barra-
C A n tO^lt°- SePt 29 Stmr Starbuck -
Arrived Sept Stmr San Bias, hence Au* 8
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Rppt 15— Stmr Palnti»
from Hamburg: stmr Amsterdam, from Amster
dam; stmr Koenl K en Louis, from Bremen; stmr
Peninsular, from Lisbon
N BREMEJN-Arrtved Sept 15-Stmr Lahn, from
GENOA-Salled Sept 15-Btmr KaUer Wil
helm. for New York.
PHILADELPHIA - Sailed Sept 15 - Stmr
Switzerland, for Antwerp
ROTTERDAM-Arrlved Sept liV-Stmr Werk
endam. from New York. Sailed Sept 15—Rotter
dam, for New York.
';;> RAILROAD • TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
I Via Sausalite Feirrv^NSESHS
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY.
a- WE £ DAYS-»7^£ a. m.:.1:45.
3:45, 6:15,' »6:00, p. m ' ■.>--..-
■ EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. .
, SXjNDAYS— •8:00. «10:00. »U:3O a. m. ; *1:1&.
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
t, T ns » marked *™ n t( 5 San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
MEEK ; DAYS— S:2S. »6:35. 7:45. *9:30 a. m. :
•12:20. 2:20. -8:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. ;: Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-» 8:00. 1*10:00. "11:55 >a. m.; n:l5.
•3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. ;m.- : -
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO PAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYR-6:45. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.; 12:35.
2:45. 3:50. 6:20 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . •
.SUNDAYS— B:OO.: 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20. »:20,
6:00. 6:20 p.; m;.--, -■■•:■.■. -■■•:■.■ . T
« V "■'■<^ THROTJGH TRAINS. .. '
T:XO a. m. week Cazadero and way eta'ns.
1:45 p. m Saturdays— Mills and way i
stations. . ■. .. «4fcaßaP"«i%aass»^a»^e^sggj !
I: a. m. Bundajr^-Duncan Mllli and way. *•."■.<
; ■■"-". ■.- " ■'-■; .'~ ■•':'..'■' . . . - ■ . : . : ■'.. ■-■■-- -■-...- . ■- -"
.RAILROAD TRAVEL. "^
MOUTH I'.K.X PACIFIC CO AN T.'
" (PACIFIC NVNTSM.)'-
Trnina Irntr.Hnil nvv <lnn In nrrlf fl mA I*
ndn rßAN<:iwt!«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) U: \
uatx — Fruu Sept. 10, 1838. — 'akeivb
•6:OOa Nilea, Sau Jose and Way Stations... *Ss4B*
7:00 a. Runlcia, Suiftun and Sacramento.... 10:15 a
?:OOa MarjSTille, Uro^Uleaud Redding Tia
■ ■■■Woodland"... 1 .; 3:43p
•. , 7:OOa Elmira, V»caTille and Run 8:l."5p
7:30 a Martinez, San Katuou, V»l!ojo. N»i>a,
«:»lii«t-iiga and Santa Rosa 0:13p
8:00 a Atlantic lOii>re»o. Ogilrn and !".n«t.. S«lsp
»i3Oa .San .lose, fUoakloti, Valley Sprite,
lone, Barrainrnto, M»r)r.«illu,
"< . Chico, Teh*m» and Ke.l Uluff.... 4«lf»i"
H:SOa Peters, Oakdale ami Junesiovm.... 7:l-1p
•»:30a Milton... »7il»r
BiOOa New Orleans lOinrrsn. Merced. Fres-
no, Uakerslleld. .Santa lUrliarm,
I^>a AiiKelen, DeminK, El l'anu,
New Orleans and East fli4-1p
IO:OOa Vallt-jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45r *
•|:OOp Sacramento ltifer Ste»iin-r» *9:<»Qp
l:OOi- Nile*. Ban Jn«e and Way Stations... 11:43 a
....... San Joee, Nilrsand Way Stations... ;»:I3a. .
2:00p Lirermore, Mendota, UanforU and
Via&lia ..: 4ilsp
LiTermore, San Jose, Nilesand Way
Stations.... {IO:13a
4:IIOr Martinez, Han lUinon, Valleju,
Najia. CiilintoKH, ■Xl Verano and . .;
SftiitaUoaa....... Bil»a
4:OOr Benisla, VacaTilie, Woodland, •
Knights J.andiiiK. MarysTllle, Oro-
Tllle and SaorHinento 10:43 a .
4>3Op Niles. San Jod«, Tracy and Stockton 7:15-
4:BopBtocktoii and Lodl ia:lsp
4i3op Lratnrop, Modesto, Frrgno, Moiare,
Kama lUrbara and I"* AnK<*lt-s 7i43a
4»3OpMartioei. Merced (Raymond for
Yoneinit*,- Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) and Fresno.. 12:13p
4i!lOp HantH V<: iCoute. Atlantic Kipreas •
for Moja»e and Hart..... ? S 15 P
OsOOi- Kiir<iiMi»ii Mall, Ogden and ICast.... .» : »2*
•«:Ooi- Va11ej0..... ..." J i : !? E
GiOOi' lliiy.»nrd«. Nil«-miiM Han Jo»« <:43a
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tioM :9:4»p
MiOOf OrcKOii K<|>rnm,Hitcruineiitn. Mnry*-
»illu. Itr.l.lli.n. Portland, I'ii^-t
i _ Kiimnlai.nl i:»«t ■■■■ - t> Bi l 3 A
',H\S MCAMtICO AMI lUVWAKUS .I.UCAIi.
Foot of iTarkct Street.)
1 Jlclrosp, sciiiiimry I'nrk, (
»:OOa VUfhbuTM, :Klmhnnr, ..l!]?*
»0:0Oa San l.««iic!ro. South San f J,!i,7
lO.OOa Lcflii.lro. KntntliUo* \-\*%
H-VSS" Loremo, Cherry »i:43p
J i. i?i anrt jaslip
•2 : ?" p lUjvrardH. «3:43p
. '• uu ' i Rims through to Nile*. 7:43p
) t Kroin Niles. { '
"~ COA.VI' 111 VISION (.NurrOH «inu p).
' (Foot of M irk.-t Street.)
17:43 a Santa nil KxcursUm, Santa Cruz -
and Principal Way Station.l. .. }««03p
8:13 a Newark, Centerrilie. San Jos*,Fo!ton,
Boulder Crtek, Santa Crui and Way
4 5tati0n5........ ;..... OißOf
*2:13p Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creak,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations '10:30 a
4il3p San Jote, Glfrnwood & Way Stations 0:20 a
q4:l3p BouMer Creek «nd Santa Cruz J»:2«»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
horn SIS rRMCISCO— root of Market Strut (Slip 8) —
•7:15 , 9:00 11:011 a.m. tl:03 *2:00 |3:00
•4:00;-; tB:O0 *6:00r.M.
TromOllUHD— Foot «f Broadway.— '«:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m. ■
tl2:00 '•1--00 t2:00 '3:00 }l:30 *5:00r.M.
'" CO AN I 111 VISION (ItrocriUaage).
(Third and Townaend St>.)
*7:00 a Kan .losu and Way Stations (New
' Almaden Wednesdays only) li.'lOp
}7:30 a Sunday Ricursion for Sun Join,
S'»nt» Cruz, Pacific Grora and
Principal Way Stations J»i33p
»:OO» Han .fixe. Tres Duos, Hanta Cruz, *
Pacific <irote l'uo It. .bios, San
■-V I. ills 01.1ui., . Giiadalupe, .-.,uf and "
PiinH|ml Way Stations 4:lot>
IO:40* flan .lons an.l Way Stations '8:00 a
lIiSOa San Jose autl Way Station* »»i3Ua
*»i43i-3an Mate<>, Redwood. Menlo Park, "
Palo Alto, tent* Clara. Man .lone,
Giiroy, HollUter. Santa Crux,
Kolliim, Monterey ami Pacitic
(Jro»e •I«i3oa
•:ii:i«r flan .Inge ami Way Him lons MMtOA
•1:1.1! San Jose ami Principal Way Stations . oi43a
# .1:<»Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:»3 a •
•l:3Or San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:3«p' *
«i:iOp San Jose ami Way Stations 7-.aop
tll:4Sp San .loge»n.l Way 5tati0n5.. ....... 7:oop'
A for Morning. P for Aftenn>on.
*Hnn<liiT!i fnrfinte.l J Sundays only. i Sutiinlnrii only
j KtitKinys ard Vn-i<'»yn. a S)i»nrd»y« M"1 Hu-<' • v.
«AM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Si, ' .'
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DATS-7:30, 9:00, 11:0) a. m. ; 12:35.
i3O•i 30 • 5:105 :10 - 6:3 ° m - Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. '. m.; 1:30, 2:30
5:00, 6:20 p. m. . _'—
-.^SAN^RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. ■
WEEK-DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45, ■
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ■'
SUNDAYS— &10,. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park'
same schedule as above.
„ Leave r Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect "San Francisco.
— June 29, .
Week Sun- IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25 am
s:lopm 3:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm ,
Fulton, ■■=' ;•■-■'
7:3oam Windsor, 10:25 am
j Healdsburg,
■ Lytton,
f Geyserville,
■2:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:3opm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:3s pmj 6:22pm ■
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm _. 6:22 pra
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40am -8:40am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8':00am Sebastopol. - 10: 40 ami 10 :25 am,
3:3opm 5:00 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- t
serville for Skapgs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at ■ Hopland ■ for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad '
Springs, Soda " Bay. ' Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper .
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side. Lierley's. Bucknell's. Panhedrin Heights,
Hullville. Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday- to Monday round trip tickets at •
reduced rates. , .
On Sundays , round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
A. FOSTER. R. X.-RYAN,
. Pres. and Gen, Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Route 1
THE, BEST RAILWAY ~
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
- and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*;".
;:> . Ran on the Following Time i
leave Ban Franeißco.4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.I.
Arrive Denver....... 6:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.B.M.T.
2rrtv» Kansas C1ty..7:00 a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. #
Arrive St. L0ui5.... .6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W. -
Arrive Ch1cac0.....:.»:00 P- m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meala at Very Rosso**''
able Rates.
yctl} WILL BE COMFORTAWLB . '
If You Travel on the Santa f*t\|
HI FBAICISCO TICKET OFFICE-— -B2fl MARKET Sit "
TELEPHONE MAIN J531.
ftkland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol •; J . Street.
Su Je»aOflloe-r7 West Santa Olan SW •
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. : 1888. .. r aln» will , run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound. .
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday - Sunday srer. .
Dally. Exc'ptd v. Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
I : am 9:o«am ' Stockton :' 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50pm 3:53 pin
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opra
ll:3oam 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
2:45 pm 11:50pm Bakersfield 2:3o nm: 10:15 am .
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1 12 :55 pm .
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of.
California Navigation > und : Improvement Com- .
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at t%:
P. -m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran- .
Cisco: ,; at • Merced with stages to and • from
Bnelllnirg, ■ CoultervHle. Yosemite, etc. ;■„ also
with , stage from ' Hornitos, Martposa. «tc. ; ' at
Lankttrshim with stage to and from Madera-'
. MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. ' t
(Via Sauaallto : Ferry.)
■ - Leave San ;l Francisco, ■ commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11. 1898:
-Week? Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m..
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:16 p. m. '
f' Round -trip from Mill Valley. »L
THOS. COOK & : SON, Agent*, 121 Market
■treet. San i Francisco,ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FAREWELL OF
THE PRETTY
CHORUS GIRLS
The Stranded Players
Out of Oakland.
NEVER SAW A SALARY
THIRTEEN WEEKS OF BARN
STORMING IN ILL-LUCK.
Miss Mooers Says It Is Anything but
Fun to Chase Meals Through
Half the Length of the
State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 15.
After being stranded for three days the
Martens opera company was enabled to
cross the bay this afternoon. The attach
ment on the "Maseotte's" costumes and
other property at the Macdonough Thea
ter has been released, and the pretty girls
that have been quite an acquisition to
Oakland for so long are now haunting
the stage doors of San Francisco theaters.
Many ventures have gone to grief in
Oakland. This city enjoys the distinction
of sending into bankruptcy the repulsive
Eva Sontag combination, and since then
the record has been lengthy. •»••
The troubles of the Martens opera com
pany began with Its organization at Los
Angeles about three months ago, and it
has been a -case of barnstorming and
"standing off" ever since. All the little
towns between Los Angeles and Oakland
have been visited by the company, which
possesses some good talent, but the hoo
doo never left.it and is still pursuing ft.
"Perhaps you think it is funny," said
pretty Miss Mazie Mooers, "to chase
bread and butter. from Los Angeles to
Oakland, but excuse me. We haven't had
any salary since we started, and here w^
are, dead broke -and can't get anything
to pay for our board. We managed to
struggle along till we got to this town,
but oh. my! that frost in the Macdonough
Theater chilled Us So that we haven't got
warm yet, and we are nut a particularly
cold crowd, either. Monday night when
the constable locked us out. of the theater
and told us that our costumes were in
hock we didn't like it a bit, and I guess
that constable will know more the next
time. he tries to attach the private prop
erty of a chorus girl or any other lady."
Last night the company .made a deal
■with Mrs. Allen, the landlady of the Ga
lindo Hotel. The score of hungry barn
stormers were eating the hotel to death,
but they were such a genial crowd that
the landlady did not feel inclined to turn
them out. A council of war was held, and
it was agreed that the company should
give a benefit to the hotel In the dining
room, on condition that the landlady
gave them enough— 2o cents apiece— to
reach San Francisco this morning. The i
benefit was quite a success, ami after giv- ;
Ing the landlady a testimonial to the ef
fect thai she is the first hotel proprietor
that ever showed hospitality to a stranded
lot of fetors and actresses, they crossed ,
«ho bfiV. „ ■ :
The "attachment at the Macdonough"
Theater was also released, because it was
found that the costumes and property had
been only rented from a Los Angeles
house, and therefore touM not be levied
upon for the company's debts.
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.
Resolution to Oppose the Sixth
Amendment.
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— The Alameda
County Teachers' Institute, after four
days of educational lectures and work.
adjourned to-day after listening to tho
tiding lecture on "Will" by Professor
W. M. James. The speaker believes in
free •will. Said he: "I do not agree with
the predestinarlans who believe every
action is fated. The action by which
ideas are arrested is called inhibition. The
functions of the will are as much of In
• hibition as of action. The larger part of
the will is inhibition, because it is harder
to say no than yea. The higher emotions
and passions inhibit the lower ones. Fear
deprives one of appetite."
Before adjournment resolutions were
adopted expressing disapproval of the
proposed sixth amendment to the con
stitution of the State of California. The
wording of the proposed amendment is
considered bo ambiguous that It seems
Impossible to forecast its effects' in the
matter of taxation for educational pur
poses, find the teachers moreover believe
it would prove a source of much litiga
tion.
A committee was then chosen to work
for the defeat of the amendment. It con
sisted of those who framed it— Rimer I-;.
Brown. John Gamble, T. O. Crawford,
Charles L. Bledenbach, William M.
Grecnwell and A. W. Scott and Superin
tendent J. t . Gariick. Mr. Brown after
ward withdrew.
NO SOLACE IN COURT.
The Corset Case of Mrs. Vermilyea
Thrown Out.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Charles Benedict,
■ fendant in the search warrant pro
1 rought by his former partner
In the corset business, Mrs. Vermilyea.
cfim^ out tfrst best before Police Judge
Allen this morning, and the plaintiff and
her st.it •••!>• companion. Miss J. Dwyor, the
medium, left court In no amiable frame
of mind.
The corsets and g-oods which Mrs. Ver
mliyea claimed were her property were
brought Into court by Benedict, who tes
that th<\v belonged to him by gift
from Mrs. Vermilyea, and that the lot
was not worth over $150. Benedict also
claimed that Mlf=s Dwyer had hypnotized
Mrs. Vermilyea, and that the latter as a
luence believed everything Miss
Dwyer had mid her about him.
Judge Allon wan undecided as to which
of the claimants spoke the truth, ani
felt that the CAM was one for the civil
courts to determine, and forthwith threw
the suit out of tho Police Court. What
Mrs. Yermilyea's next step will be is not
known. As she left the court room she
promised to "lix l'.encdict yet."
PRETTY GIRL DISAPPEARS.
Mabel Henley Unexpectedly Leaves
Her Home.
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— Mabel Henley,
an attractive girl of 14 years, disappeared
suddenly yesterday and her whereabout*
is unknown. She had been residing
with her mother at 027 Myrtle street, j
coming recently from Fresno. Her fa
ther is at present In the Klondike re- i
The police were notified of the disap
pearance to-day, and detectives are nmv
working on the case. It is believed that
the girl's mind has become temporarily
affected and thai she may be wander
inK about aimlessly. When she left she
wore a green dress, a eacque, tan shoes,
and glows and a straw hat.
Read in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joreph
,Le Conte, Father MacCorry, Dr. R. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphili and Rabbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
ANOTHER SWEET SINGER TO WED.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15,— The engagement is announced of Miss Birdie -
Pugh, the well-known singer of East Oakland, to Clyde Sunderland, a -
local journalist. Miss Pugh is the daughter of Mrs. Fannie M. Pugh, for ■
many years teacher in the Oakland High School. She has been very -
prominent in arranging for social entertainments and benefits, and is a -
very popular young lady. Mr. Sunderland is the brother of the n*ew ■
pastor of the Unitarian church.
FIXED THE
TAX LEVY
AT $1,21
The Result Surprises
Every One.
LITTLE FOR LAKE MERRITT
DEPARTMENT ESTIMATES SUF-
FEE, HEAVILY.
A Remarkable Document Which Will
Raise Sufficient Revenue Sut
Complicate Its Distri
bution.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— The City Council
passed to print this evening an ordinance
fixing the tax levy at $1 21. The ordinance
was a great surprise to everybody except
the eight members of the Council who
had assisted to frame it. It is a remark
able document In that while It ostensibly
Incorporates $80,000 for the Improvement
of Lake Merritt, it provides in reality
for but $12,000 for the work.
The levy adds $67,000 to the Auditor's
estimates, and he had cut $182,000. This
would raise the levy from $1 27 of the
Auditor to $1 42, hut by cutting heavily
in all directions the levy was brought to
$1 21 by cutting nearly $100,000 from the
department estimates.
The levy as it is made will not provide
sufficient money to pay tho salaries and
contracts already entered into under the
law in June last, and Auditor Snow says
that the money raised for the lake will
be claimed by creditors, and the law will
give It to them. The levy of $1 21 is made
up of the following: Maintenance, 7&
cents; Bewero, 7 cents; bond fund, 17 cents;
Lake Merritt, 19 cents. Auditor Snow
sivs that the revenue that the levy will
raise will leave a large deficit. He says
the 7 cents for sewers cannot be said to
be fnr maintenance, and that the city's
creditors will go before the courts and
elnim that as the law allows a dollar levy
independent of the bond fund they are
entitled to all the revenue up to that
limit. The Auditor says that the courts
will undoubtedly so rule. As the levy.
Independent of the lake fund, is but $1.02,
only the 2 cents will be left for the lake,
and this amount is about $12,000.
The cutting lias been done as follows In
the various funds: General, from $26,000
to $21,000; salary, from $3<!,000 to $29,000;
fire, from $70 .000 to $5S.OOo; police, from
$*!2.000 to $56.(i00; street, from $56,000 to $46,
0f»0; sewer (increase) from $5000 to $33,000;
park, from $7000 to $4000; fire and police
alarm, from $7000 to $4000; High School,
from $44,000 to $25.00«j; school, from $21 .000
to $13,000; Free Library. $19,000 to $S000;
street lights, from $72.0 C) to $63,000; park
and boulevard, from $42,000 to $90,000. The
grammar schools cost about $300,000 per
annum, but the bulk of the money comes
from the State. The High School, how
ever, has no other income, and the result
of the cut will be to close the school part
of the year.
The levy is much smaller than It ap
pears. Last year It was 95 rents for
maintenance on an assessment of $48,
000,000. This year it is but 78 cents on an
assessment of $42,000,000, and Auditor
Snow says that the difference In Income,
will be 970,060, which will be severely
felt, as three months of the fiscal year
have already gone, during which nil the
departments have been run on the ex
pectation of receiving vastly greater in
comes than are allotted to them. The
levy will raise sufficient revenue, but the
Auditor predicts much difficulty over the
distribution of it.
ihe ordinance has to be printed for ten
days and then be finally passed. It has
then to be signed by the Mayor. Tho
levy as contemplated closely resembles
that of Mayor Davis, the result of which
was to dose the schools for a part of the
year and to cause other Inconveniences.
Should Auditor Snow's view of the dollar
limit be supported by the courts the Lake
Merritt matter will present a peculiar
complication. ,
Suspects a Plot to Rob Him.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Manuel Cabral,
who resides at 1600 Third street, reported
a strange Incident to the police to-night.
He says that on September 13 he gave to
Mrs. Medros at the house he lives In $550
In gold and silver to keep for him. There
was a small lire at the house yesterday,
and the trunk was burned. No bullion
or money was found, and Cabral suspects
a plot to rob him. A detective Is work
ing on the case.
Senator Foraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colon] e3,
in next Sunday's Call.
Lectured a Tennesseean.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— William P. Ma
ginnis, a private Of the First Tennessee
Regiment, was up before Police Judge
Allen this morning on a charge of drunk
enness. He begged for release, saying that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
■x -a-p.p his first offense and that his leave
of absence would expire within an hour,
and promised never again to allow ihe
vils of the cup to get the bettor of him.
Judge Allen, though he dismissed the
charge, lectured the young soldier against
Intemperance and spoke particularly of
the disgrace 'which overindulgence had
brought upon his regiment.
Scarlet Fever at Niles.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Scarlet fever has
broken out in Niles, and unless prompt
measures are taken to disinfect the town
there is danger of an epidemic. Dr.
Chalmers states that the town is in a
uad sanitary condition, and that there is
no law or officer to enforce a cleaning
up.
He appeals to the citizens to use a lib
eral supply of slacked lime and copperas
in their yards, and tells them plainly what
will follow If they fail to do so. He asked
District Attorney Snook and Supervisor
Wells for aid in enforcing some sanitary
and quarantine measures, but was told
by i>oth that they had no power in the
matter. The longdrouth is believed to be
the cause.
Deadly Banana Peel.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Miss Ann Daly,
a domestic, aged 47 years, died at the
Receiving Hospital this morning, the ap
proximate cause of her death being from
an injury to her left hip sustained by
slipping upon a banana peel two weeks
ago in front of the Fifteenth street en
gine house. The injury was considered
insignificant until a few days ago, when
serious complications set In. Coroner
Baldwin will hold an inquest.
Improvement Club.
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— The Oakland Im
provement Club was organized last night
at Montana Jlr.ll by the election of I. F.
Wheolor president, 3: Beck vice president,
R. J. Callahun secretary. Among the ob
jects of the club is to secure the opening
of rr * 1 1 streets running southerly and wes
terly to ship channel, and to induce capi
tal to come to this city.
DISCOVERED GOLD ON BONANZA.
GEORGE W. CARMACK, the Wealthy Klondiker, and His
Native Wife and Child.
George W. Carmack, whose discovery
of gold on Bonanza Creek started thou
sands of seekers after the precious metal
to the land of the midnight sun, arrived
in this city yesterday with his native
wife and child and registered at the Com
mercial Hotel.
I!- Is the returned Klondiker who threw
bandfols Of gold and silver from his ho
tel window in Seattle for the pleasure of
watching passing pedestrians, policemen
and newsboys sen .ble for the glittering
coins. Carmack stood at the window with
his wife and native brother-in-law, burst-
Ing his sides laughing at the antics of
motormen and conductors who had de
serted their cars -minions o. the law and
men, women and chu ren, who were at
tracted by the unusual shower of wealth.
Mr. Carmack is quiet and unostenta
tious in speech and dress, and one seeing
him on the street would not take him for
the croesus he really Is. He is devotedly
attached to his Indian wife and child, and
has bestowed on the former nuggets in
quantity, which she wears suspended
around her neck or in the form of stick
pins. His first act on arriving In this city
was to buy a handsome and expensive
doll for the little girl, who Is now five
years old.
This is Mr. Carmack's first visit to this
city since 1885. He was then a resident of
San Luiß Oblspo, but seeing a slim
chance of earning a livelihood and hear
ing of the finding of gold in Alaska he
decided to try hi 3 fortune there. Ho en
countered hardships while prospecting
about the lakes the first summer, but
found nothing. During the winters of
IRBS and 18P6 he traded Tn Juneau.
"In the spring of '86," he said, "I went
back on the Yukon, trading and prospect
ANGLERS
GOING TO
EEL RIVER
Prominent Citizens in
Quest of Sport.
BAD FOR THE STEELHEADS
"BILLY" FOOTE AND J. V. COLE
XLAN ARE CRACKAJACKS.
The Hon. Thomas ilynn and the
Duke of Connaugrht Will In
troduce Some of Their
New Ideas.
"Billy" Foote would be a very much
chagrined man if a friend incidentally
remarked to him that there were points
in law with which he was not familiar,
as "Billy" is unquestionably an acknowl
edged authority on Blackstone, but when
queries that pertain to anadromous fishes
are introduced an allowance must be
made for the attorney's knowledge of
the habits of steelheads and the king
salmon.
But Mr. Foote, notwithstanding the
limited knowledge he may possess of the
peculiarities and habits of the salmo
fontinalis, or the salmon proper (Quinnat
for instance) Is nevertheless an enthusias
tic angler, and according to report from
such an eminent authority as Judge
Hunt, Mr. Foote can actually land a fish
not exceeding ten inches in length with
out the aid of a gaff.
Then there is another very significant
personage who is well known to the fra
ternity of the angle by name J. V. Cole
man, who will be assisted by the Duke
of Connaught, viz.: the Hon. Dan O'Con
nell.
It would be absurd to say that either of
these able artists of the gentle art could
possibly miss landing a trout that was
hooked in such a manner that only a
tyro could possibly fail to creel it.
However that may be, it is certain that
Messrs, Foote, Coleman, O'Connell, Benn,
Butler, Macauley, Hunt, Venker. Maskey.
Sammi, Smyth, Johnson and Young will
take their departure to-day for tne Eel
River, which stream offers great induce
ments to anglers at the present time to
enjoy royal sport.
Among the sportsmen who have been
enjoying "high-toned" fishing during the
past week on Eel River are the Hon.
Thomas Flynn of me Wasp, John Galli
gher, champion spoon-caster of Oakland;
Colonel W. Kefiehor of Texas, and
Messrs. Casey and Lynch.
The lovers of good angling will leave
to-day from pier 9, Broadway wharf, at
9 a. m., and It goes without saying that a
large gathering of well-wishers will be on
hand to wish the patrons of the classic
sport a pleasant voyage.
Mr. Butler, who is better known among
the enthusiasts as "Heel River John,"
received a letter yesterday from Mr. Rob
ertson of Fortuna, stating that the ang
ling was at its best and that with tiles
he caught 1300 steelheads during the
month of August, the average weight of
which was three-quarters of a pound.
During the latter part of September the
King or Quinnat salmon will make its
appearance, and anglers who delight in
trollirg from a boat will have sport ad
libitum, as the Quinnat is a game fish and
will take a spoon readily.
OUR COLONIAL POLICY.
Colonel Tobin's Masterly Reply to
John P. Irish's Attack on the
Administration.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 15.— Six weeks ago
John P. Irish addressed the Unitarian
Club of this city on the subject of wnat
he called the "Imperial policy" of the ad
me: until the fall of '89. I remained for
tbree summers in the vicinity of the
Forty-Mile District and then went to the
Pelly River district, and was principally
engaged In trading. In the spring of S>6
I went down the mouth of the Klondike
to fish and then started on a prospecting
tour. I was accompanied by twoiThk
weesh Indians. On the 16th of August I
made the big discovery on Bonanza. I
was going to a little creek called Gold
Bottom to prospect, and on my way
stumbled across this creek. It was on a
higii river bed rock, and the gold could
be seen lying on the gold rock. I staked
out a claim of 500 feet by right of dis
covery and 500 feet by right of location.
My two Indian companions also staked
out 500 feet each.
"We then went down to Forty-Mile for
provisions and tools to work our claims,
and as soon as the news of our discovery
became known there was a stampede to
the spot, and within two weeks every
inch of ground In the vicinity of the creek
was located.
"The first year we did not take out very
much, and sold one claim for $13,500. Pete
McDonald purchased 250 feet and Jack
Felix and the Edgar brothers 250 feet, and
are profiting by their investment. The
second winter my partners and myself
worked our claims and took out about
$125,000.
"I don't advise men to gp or stay away
from Alaska. If they go they should
steer clear of Dawson ana strike out in
some other direction. There will be no
scarcity of provisions this winter, as the
river steamers are rushing in a big sup
ply.
"I will visit San Luis Oblspo for a few
daya and then go to the springs to get
rid of my rheumatism contracted while
on the coast. I expect to return to Alaska
in March next."
ministration. He took the most positive
ground against colonial extension, claim
ing that it was unconstitutional and op
posed to the policy enunciated by Presi
dent Washington. Irish devoted all the
wealth of invective, sarcasm and denun
ciation of which he is capable to an at
tack on the policy of the administration.
Last night Colonel J. J. Tobin, in re
sponse to repeated requests from mem
bers of the club that, he answer Irish's
argument, delivered <\ lecture on the sub
ject "Cullings From Our Late Scrap With
Spain." His discourse dealt with the en
tire question of territorial expansion,
going Into each instance where additions
had been made to our domain. He showed
that in the past we had gone outside of
our contiguous territory, and claimed that
such action was constitutional. He
pointed out where the recommendations
of Washington had been repeatedly de
parted from, and claimed that it was not
right to be bound by his dictum, when
conditions had changed In a manner
which he could not have foreseen.
Colonel Tobln did not believe that the
acquisition of foreign territory would en
tail burdensome expense, and hoped that
this country would retain all that it had
gained in the West Indies, as well as in
the Philippines.
The speaker had the entire sympathy
of his audience, and his speech was lis
tened to throughout with close attention
and 'received frequent applause.
Alameda News Items.
AL.AMEDA. Sept. 15.— Miss Gussie
Krumb and Albert C. Lassen were mar
ried last evening 1 at the residence of the
bride's parents, 1223 High street. In the
presence of a small party of relatives and
friends.
Miss Amelia S. Anderson and Francis
A. Hunter were married last evening by
Rev. J. F. Moody at the residence of the
bride's mother, 1114 Santa Clara avenue.
The Imperial Yacht Club will have a re
gatta on San Leandro Hay on Saturday
afternoon. This Ik' the first event of the
kind in the history of the club, and great
sport is expected.
Mrs. Elizabeth L. Conant, wife of B.
H. Conant of 2145 Santa Clara avenue,
died last evening, aged 68 years. The
funeral will take place Saturday morning
at 10 o'clock.
Mrs. Frederick Campe died this morn-
Ing at her residence, 1222 Park avenue.
Si.c was 44 years old and left a husband
and three children.
Juniors Defeat Sophomores.
BERKELEY, Sept. 15.— The fourth
game of the series of interclass baseball
contests in the University of California
was played this afternoon upon the col
lege campus. The game was between the
sophomores and junior classes. From the
start tho juniors had the advantage, win
ning with a score of 15 to 5.
Had to Lose His Leg.
BERKELEY, Sept. 15.— Samuel Atwood,
son of Captain Atwood of Stuart street.
South Berkeley, had to undergo amputa
tion of his right leg this morning. The
operation was the result of an injury re
ceived on a railway eight years ago.
WILL RECONSTRUCT
THE ATHLETIC RULES
STATE UNIVERSITY STUDENTS
TO CONVENE TO-DAY.
A New Constitution to Be Adopted,
Another Office Created and Offi
cers Elected — Prominent
Candidates.
BERKELEY, Sept. 15.— T0-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock the men students In
the University of California will meet In
Stiles Hall for the purpose of adopting
a new athletic constitution. The affair
will be one of the most important that
has come up before the college students
for some time, because the order of busi
ness will be chiefly taken up with a dis
cussion of the rules which are to place
the management of sports upon an entire
ly new footing.
The changes to be talked of are such
as have been thought advisable from the
experiences of athletic management for
::^OCEANv TRAVEL. .y':
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
K^ Steamers leave Broadway
Mjlls;^^ wharf, San Francisco:
KHsSSB^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
j mm )r_?Mfc_ Pept. 3, S. 13. IS. 23. 28, October
! nLaErfin 3, transfer at Seattle.
L S&SJB'I 3843 For Victoria, Vancouver (R.
JfflßßJ&w<" I '^A« ("). Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whateom (Wash), 10
:-'■'*. -a. m.. Sept. 3, 8, 13, IS, 23, 23,
October 3, and • every fifth day thereafter.
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. By., at Tacoma to N.
P Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 10 a. m.. Sept.
5 11. 16 21. 26, October 1. and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
ravucos Port ITarford (San Luis Oblspo),
nivlnta' Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
ton Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 am.. Sept. 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 28. >
SO Oct 4. and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa ■ Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Sept? 4. 8. 12. 16, 20. 24, 28. Oct. 2,. and
every fourth day thereafter. _ ' T
For Ei!»enada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Snnta Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of every
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamer*; sailing dates
•nd h OKET OFFICER New Montgomery
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
■treet (Palace Hotel). ■ '• -•- ■." /.<-r
OOODALL. PERIvMCS & CO.. Gen. A*ts..
. . 10 Market St.. San Francisco. .
THE 0, R. ■:& N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND I
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
IAMC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Sept. 16. 25
Oeo W. Elder Sept. 19. 28;
Columbia •••• Sept. 22, Oct. J
St -Paul---.i $16 00 St. Louis : $26 35.
Kansas City ..... 26 00 Chicago 24 01
Omaha .../....... 26 00 ! New York ./..... 3100
■• ■•• . ■ E. C. WARD, General Agent, -:, ■
. . ::.< ■.. \ 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
• Superintendents.
Gompagnle Generals Transatlantique.
v > . French Line to Havre.
Company's ' pier (new) 42 North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <2ir^^
by this line avoid both transit by ■*&&»*>&>
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a ■ small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts,, first class, $140;
second class." $118. . -
LA NORMANDIE Sept. S4. 10 a. m.
LA GAR00.0NE. ..;...... Oct. 1. 19 a. m
LA TOURAINE Oct. X. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 15. 10 a. m.
LA'.NAVARfIE- .....Oct. 22, 10 a. m.
For further. particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE OENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent.
-■ No. 8 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FT" AZI & CO.. Agents, 6 Montgomery
are., San Francisco. . v ...
>fS3fck.ISBSIBS3E£IS£I s - s - Australia
8»^XJ53515182^ pn " s for Honolulu only
m^^wTu B • * Satur<sa y- September 24,
©■HPflilfltP The's. - AUSTRALIA
"l%KfliEs3 pnila for Honolulu only
,Wff *■■■■« Saturday. September 24,
Umm .—^ at 2p. m.
Al/A 1 /L r \ The S. S. ALAMEDA
EiW^s43 xtn^m^llinc) " alls vla Honolulu ana
'" X£Bsißr CyIMI!UIHU v Auckland for Sydney
T^SBair '~, /nITIRTinM* Wednesday. October 5,
Line to COOLGARDrE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
jr. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
JlWfl)l'|1ll i' Uin''M"i.. ' ' ■ 114 Montgomery st.
I Freieht office— Market Ft.. San Francisco.
BAY Ax*D RIVER STEAMERS.
"foTu. S HAYMARD AID YALLEJoT
Steamer "Montlcello." '
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thure. and 5at....i.v;..;.
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Than.)
• Friday 5......... ....1 p.m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sunday* .......10:30 a. m. «nd 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 1
Telephone . Red 2241.
TAKE ME BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 75c.
}~ Delightful Bay -i Trip, 44 miles . and . return.
On - Sundays. Excursion. - 11. - • . ; -
>^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M* il l»Mj&(i2t>K'EATt-STHT. Katabllshed
«nir»fl ln I*s* 'or toe treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 HKAKX V NT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Titrate
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
- disease wearing on body and mind and
. iuBHB^^B Skin Diseases, The doctor cures when
; MHaIKH Others fall. Try him. - Charges low
•■• tSSßSfiißUfll CnrMtnaraiK r*d. Callorwrlte.
. Dr. J. l-UIBBOBi, Box 1937, San Francisco. !
the last few years, and they have been
framed into a constitution upon the ad
vice and suggestion of Colonel Edwards
and Professor Walter Magee. It is ex
pected that their adoption will introduce
a better organization into student ath
letics and bring them into cluser touch
with the student body.
One of the innovations contemplated is
that of the creation of a new office to be
known as student treasurer. It will be a
salaried position, paying $40 a month, to
be open only to graduates or seniors tak
ing limited work. The treasurer will have
entire charge of all money received or
paid out for all branches of athletics,
and he will be placed under bonds of
$6000. Among the condidates who are
prominently mentioned for the position
are James Hopper of the class of '98. who
played end on last year's Varsity foot
ball team, and J. C. Allen, student assist
ant in chemistry.
Aside from adopting a constitution, the
meeting is al6o called for the purpose of
Dominating athletic officers for the com- j
Ing year. Candidates for secretary of the
association are Duncan MacDuffie of the
class of '99 and Frank Pache. It is ex
pected also that some action will be taker, j
upon the rush held recently on the cam- j
pus between the freshmen nnd sopho
mores, as rushing of any kind is forbid
den by the rules of the Associated Stu
dents. _
BURGLARS OF MUSCLE.
Stole a Heavy Machine, and After
Robbing It Threw It in a Lot.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— Burglars entered
H. P. Preston's saloon In Nlles last night
by the use of keys and carried oft a
nickel-In-the-slot machine. It waa a
heavy affair screwed to the floor, weigh
ing over 200 pounds. No clercv has yet
been found to the robber, but the machine
AD VERTISEMENI S.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATE Or CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 189*.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begln-
! Bing on the fourth d«.y of January, A. D. 1897.
two-thirds of all the members elected to eacn
: cf the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
1 (Betas Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of tho
Btate of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion. In relation to revenue and taxation, bjr
which it Is proposed to am?nd said eection to
: read as follows-
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
! board of education or school district shall ln-
: cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
[ ncr or for any purpose. exceeding in any year
t the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made lor the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness aa it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
•ame; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with I -crest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for Bald
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this Bection, no
•tatute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
Cf its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
Oleetors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
•hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
j 10)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment 1 the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
■even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
eection to readas follows:
Section 7%. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of, such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
■hall then be published In two papers of gen-
oral circulation in such county, or if there be
pot two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special ele^flon, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon Bhall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
firoved by a majority of the members elected
o each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
ouallfled electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
nreiented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ct It er shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
ether than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputios that eachofflc«r shall have
and for the compensation payable to each of
«iioh deputies, for the manner In which, the
J,,.,, i n which, and the terms for which the
mTmbers of all boards of election shall be
•le-ted or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
Inch boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
■ lso to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any ccunty has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
Aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a «vstem of county governments throughout
the State and likewlse'/pc^-lding for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Paid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
eubject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by addln? a new section,
to be known and deslgnatpd as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 6H- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
I's Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall b« held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July)
and
IB the City of Sacramento, commencing on
was found in a vacant lot a block or more
from the saloon and across the railroad
track, with the back broken out. Two
dollars was all that it contained.
This is the second case reported within.
a week. Last Monday night an attempt
was made to enter the. postofflce. Holes,
were bored in the double doors in the
front, but evidently the intruder waa
scared away before accomplishing any
thing more. Last night two boys dis
covered a chisel and brace and bit hid
along the railroad track and a pair of
rubber shoes. When they told the officers
and a hunt was instituted the shoes were
the only remaining evidence, the other
having "beon removed, presumably by the
parties who hid them.
Supervisor Wells Sick.
OAKLAND. Sept. 15.— Supervisor Wells
Is confined to his home at Dublin with an
attack of heart failure. The physicians
fear the result, as he is a heavy man. and
declare that any excitement would be
very critical to him at this time.
Bids Called For.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— The Board of
Public Works, at a meeting held this
morning, agreed to call for bills for the
dredging- of Lake Merritt immediately, tha.
proposals to be opened October 12.
Fell From a Building.
George Sherritt. aged S3 years, while at
work on a building at 547 Florida street,
fell a distance of twelve feet yesterday,
sustaining internal Injuries which necessi
tated his removal to the City and County
Hospital.
Photographing Sound, the latest
discovery of science, in next Sunday's
Call.
' ThV^n M , d , ay of N^mber of each year,
Relive « holding such term of court shaH
shafl r«. ? ".I™ com Pensatlon therefor, but
n,,? „/,»: ye thelr actual expenses, to be paid
The iL-lu', ? en « ra ' f " nd of the State treasury.
7» n£ '■ ' lat we shall enact all laws necessary
ceau~ th" B . uch /°«rt. to provide the proV
of this secttol 0d t0 Carry ° Ut the P rovlB »°a»
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
Bt£t* of >II U nt 0n t0 pr °P° s e''to people of th«
BtHutfon California an amendment i: the Con-
bv adrtln • th SUte - ending article ele en,-
by adding a new section thereto, to be-knowa
Smolm o ."* S U!^ ber flve and one-half, relating to
wßnril° lty nd county governments. Th.
R^fi«^« d n w "ctlon. to read as follows: ,
«nrt «l« 5^V.. The Provisions of sect! ar four
feeisf^inn thls if tlcle « a » not nor shall any
an* if tlon ass ed pursuant thereto, apply to
now B ?.n dated Clty , and count government.
now existing or hereafter formed. . which shall
. \, become, or shall become, organized under '
cig C ht OoO of ce thl8 n 'a°rUc ir * <***"■ under BeCtl <>»
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE. -■■
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
«■'■.'•:"•'' , '■" No. 38.)
State re lu * lon , t0 Propose to the people of tho
flff^n L£ allf an amendment of sectloa
ConstHnH V or \, «l*teen of article five of th»
illi 11 " 1011 0 '- the State of California, by
read Ch ai t fol!Sw?:° ied *° ameDd BaM BectloM tB
.i^in o.*l^'0 .* 1^' A '''"tenant- Governor shall bo
«I™ l, at he Bame tlrae and place and I" th«
n*fl£ TnH e , r as the Gov ernor. and his term of
w. f>,fi nd v hls " '"cations shall be the same,
oniv * all be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. . .™"*
Section 16. In ca«e of the impeachment of
in a h?Mtv r , no^. 0r v hl3 removal from office, death.
Li «i/ ° dlB , cnar the powers and duties oi
his office, resignation or absence from th«
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
2Sis,7^«'J the Lieutenant Governor for tho
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
?™^f • k A J? d /." 0 ? 13 the Lieutenant Governor bo
J.T? a P ""V dl8 P la «d, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un.
li ™? '* acanc In the office of Governor shall
£f»r?K a 5a 5 £* » next general election whea
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In th»
office of .Governor for any of the reasons abovo
named, -and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor  the: President pro tempore of tb-> Senato
shall succeed to the powers and' duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker o; the Aa-
Ji?i yy V ' until : the - office of Governor shall bo
filled, at. such general election. ■ •
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38. )
A * 801 '" 10 " to Propose to the . : people of th«
Btate of California an amendment to section
f'r^ll" 1 * . nln * of the Constitution of the StaU
Of v. Ca m!a ' reding to grammar schools by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: - ■ ■ .
Section S. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and 'grammar schools, and such
high schools evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the^State school fund and the State school ta*
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar . schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants la
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California. . .=. -
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
: '■■ No. M.) ■:
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California .an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve clock meridian oa
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election, of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Gqvernor shall
In the interim convene, the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remaia
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date. not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to arreo
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall bo
within • the limits -above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete it«
session. No pay shall' be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be . Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of th* '
members thereof. . ■ •
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th«"
Legislature of the State of California, 'entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendment* to the i Constitution of tho
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1833
the I above-described proposed amendments ari
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on ...
' TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. IS9S.
' The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol- :
lows: ' . ' '
Each - ballot ■ used at ' such election must con-
tain written or printed , thereon the following
words," whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law: ' -,:■;■ •.-'.'
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
I Constitutional 'Amendment; No. 41
- (exempting certain claims against the . -' .
City end County, San Francisco, and V.",,-':.-
' the. existing Indebtedness of the City Yea
of Vallejo for the construction of its — —
water works from . the • provisions of ■-. No
the Constitution requiring such claims •'!•; '.<-:•-
to be paid from the Income and reve- ' '-;'•-'
nues of the year in which . they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yea
(providing for framing local county- ' .
government acts by Inhabitants of •■ No
'counties for their government). • ■
For the . Amendment?
Amendment Number. Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional- Amendment No.
44 (providing- , for the creation of a,: '."■
Court of Claims to determine claims Ye«
against the State, and to consist of ' '" _
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve • without extra • '
compensation). ... . 'v :
For the Amendment? '
Amendment . Number Four, being As- f ' - * •
sembly Constitutional Amendment ' ** =
1 No. ■37 (exempting consolidated cities Ye«
and counties, organized or ■to be or- i
ganized, or holding a " charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation ■ to counties).
For the Amendment? ■'
Amendment Number * Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional •; Amendment '
No. 36 (relating to off.cc of Governor, Too
providing for succession thereto in ' ' .
certain cases and removing disability ' " No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term). :
For the Amendment? . ' . . ,
Amendment Number Six, being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 3S ' Teo
' (relating to and defining • Grammar " I
Schools). .i' : * • No
For the Amendment? ■
Amendment Number Seven, ' being As-
i sembly -Constitutional - Amendment ;.
,' No. 34 (providing for adjournment of. f. .Yes ■
Legislature for not . less . than thirty- . .
nor more than sixty, days during each -No
session^. "•"■ ■ ;• - '
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th«
State of , California, the day and year herel»
first above wrltton. • >••■•■■■■ ■ ' ' v . **^ '
t. JAMES H. BUDD, Governor. .
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Stato.
ISEAL.J - - -.- :■-.:.-•:/;.;■■ -' A
910
JEWISH NEW
YEAR FESTIVAL
ROSH HASHONO
Impressive Services at
the Synagogue.
WILL BE A DAY OF REST
THE HOLIDAY TO BE STRICTLY
OBSERVED.
Religious Exercises To-Night Will
Mark the Advent of the Great
Celebration — Its Sacred
Portent.
The Jewish Now Year, Rosh Hashono,
will be appropriately observed In this city
to-morrow and Sunday. Saturday will be
the linst day of the Hebrew month Tishri,
thi' first ecclesiastical month of the Jew
ish calendar, and, according to Semitic
computation, it is the live thousand *lx
hundred and lifty-ninth year of the crea
tion of the world.
The festival will be ushered In this even
ing by exercises in all the synagogues and
•will bo observed by the orthodox or con
servative element of the community until
Sunday evening. The Temple Emanu-El
congregation, being "reform" in its ideas,
will, however, only recognize it for one
day. This day will be observed strictly
by all. for no matter how lax the Jew
may be as regards the observance of the
minor fasts and festivals, he is ever
scrupulously careful to see that the New
Year and the Day of Atonement are spent
In a befittingly religious manner. He will
close his office or store, and the down
town portion of the city will know him
not on those "Days of Awe," as they are
appropriately termed.
The synagogues during the festival will
present a striking appearance. They will
be dressed' entirely in white. - A mantle
of white satin will ornament the Ark of
the Covenant, wherein rest the manu
script scrolls of the law. The pulpit and
reading desk, where chants the Chazan,
or cantor, will be likewise covered. Min
isters of the orthodox congregations will
be robed In white linen.
Sermons will be delivered in all syna
gogues on the first day of the New Year.
The shofar, or cornet, fashioned out of
the horn of a ram, will be blown thirty
times with different intonations. The ob
ject of these blasts is to bring the con
gregation to a due sense of the solemnity
of th" day.
Yom Kippur. or the Day of Atonement,
follows ten days after Rosh Hashono.
This day is strictly observed by all. re
gardless of differences of opinion on mat
ters commercial, as a day of fasting and
prayer. The fast begins at sunset of the
9th day of Tishri, and concludes with
sunset on the 10th. During these twenty
four hours no Jew will partake of food in
any shape or form.
The evening of Yom Klppur is called Kol
Nidre from the two opening words of the
services. Sermons will be preached on
that evening In the Temple Emanu-El by
Rev. Jacob voorsanger, at the Synagogue
Sherith Israel by Rev. Jacob Nieto. at
the Geary-street Temple by Rev. M. S.
Levy and in the Bush-street Temple by
Rev. Isadora Meyers.
During the day of Yom Kippur four
cervices, named respectively Schacharlt.
Musaph, Mincha and Xeilah will be held
successively. Sermons will be preached
either before Musaph or before Neilah.
Five days after the day of atonement
■will witness the celebration of the Feast
of Succoth or Booths. With this festival
are revived many ancient and quaint cer
emonies to commemorate the fact that
while the Hebrews were wandering In
the wilderness their only places of abode
were booths or tents. It is from this that
the festival derives its name. The good
Jew will erect a temporary structure of
wood roofed with boughs of evergreen,
called a "Succoth," and will take his
meals in this frail tent for seven days.
In the synagogue the orthodox Jews
will form processions, carrying in their
hands palm branches and citrons. While
walking in procession around the syna
gogue with these they will chant the
hallel, or hymns of praise.
On the seventh day «f Succoth, called
Hosanna Rabba, "The Great Hosanna,"
all visitors to the synagogues of tho
orthodox will be presented with a hand
ful of willow boughs. With .iese they
will strew the floors of their places of
worship in imitation of the priests of the
ancient Hebrews.
With the observance of the feast of th«
eighth day and the last one, called "The
Rejoicing of the Law." the festivals will
come to a close. On the former of these
days an allegorical prayer for rain will
be offered, this being a survival of the
days of the Babylonian exile, and the so
journ in the Holy Land, and is supposed
to insure a winter that win work no in
jury to the- vegetation of the land.
"The Rejoicing of the Law" derives its
name from the fact that among conserva
tive Jewish congregations the fifty-two
portions Into which the Pentateuch is di
vided are completed, and the first chap
ter of Genesis is recommended on this
day. The process of finishing and recom
mencing has gone on uninterruptedly for
many centuries, and is marked ay the ob
servance of numerous quaint customs.
OAKLAND. Sen*. 15.— Rosh Hashono,
the Jewish New Year, begins to-morrow
at sundown and will be observed by the
member? of the Congregation Beth Ja
cob. Rev. W. Livingston, a noted East
ern rabbi, has been specially engaged for
1 the coming holidays.
WELCOME TO SOL CAHEN.
The Grand Army Will Receive the
department Commander.
Department Commander Sol Cahen, who
has been attending the National Encamp
ment at Cincinnati, will return this even
ing on the overland express. The various
Grand Army posts tn this city have been
ordered to assemble at the foot of Mar
ket street at 8:30 p. m., and with the Vet
eran Guard of California, under Captain
Joseph Knowlton, and the Fifty-first
lowa band, will form a column to escort
Commander Cahen to B'nal B'rith Hall
on Eddy street, where a formal reception
■will be tendered him. General Edward S.
Salomon will deliver the address of wel
come, followed by brief remarks from
Colonel C. Mason Klnne and other com
rades, some of whom will be from among
the volunteer officers now in ramp at the
Presidio, and who served during the Civil
AVar. There will be music, and generous
refreshments will be served uuring the
evening.
Bead in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father MacCorry, Dr. R. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rabbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
Death of Robert Easson.
W. D. McArthur of 210 California street
has recently received information of the
death of his cousin, Robert Easson, of
Spokane, Wash. Mr. Easf4m was In the
wholesale grocery business, and he had
an extensive acquaintance among the
grocers of San Fraticisco, having made
several business trips here. His death
came suddenly, while the Chamber of
Commerce of Spokane was giving an ex
cursion to Lewiston. Mr. Easson fell
deud of heart failure after a merry dance.
All festivities were stopped, and the ex
cursion train was draped in mourning on
the return trip. His was the largest
funeral held In Spokane. Deceased was
50 years of ago.
Lurlino Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin tU. Sirlmmlng, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Bait water direct from ocean.
RUFFIANISM
OF POUNDMEN
IS DENOUNCED
Judge Conlan Tells
Them Their Duties.
AN UNWARRANTED ARREST
THE CASE OF W. J. FOSTER, A
BARBER, DISMISSED.
He Was Handcuffed by Two Depu
ties, Thrown luto the Pound
Wagon and to
the City Prison.
W. J. Foster, a barber at H25 Market
Btreet, was arrested last Saturday uy
Deputy Poundkecper W. Robling on a
charge of interfering with an officer. Fos
ter was enjoying the pranks of three pups
in front of his shop, when Robling and
another deputy swooped down on the pups
and threw the net over them. Foster
released the dogs. Robling handcuffed
him, and, without giving him an oppor
tunity of getting his coat and hat, placed
him in the poundwagxm and drove him to
the City Prison.
The eiLse was tried before Judge Conlan,
and in dismissing it yesterday he took
occasion to scanty tho Pound officials.
He said:
Why the deputy poundmastens assumed the
high-handed authority that they did. why they
should so outrageously assault, handcuff and
abuse and curt off to prison without hat or
coat In a wagon made for the transit of dogs
a law-abiding citizen I don't know, unless the
occasion waa ripe for the rufHanlum and rowdy-
Ism In them to crop out. No wonder Mr. Foster
is indignant. I don't blame him to be mnrti
fled, and werv I him I would Invoke the aid of
the law to secure redress for the brutal and
Inhuman violence and Indignity that he waa
tubjected tc through the uuotficerlUce action ou
tho part of the pound official. If they would
exercise more dillcnce as to the duties of
their office and les>B vulgar, vicious brutality
to Inoffensive, peaceful citizens they would be
more leniently considered by the public In gen
eral, but so long a-s such rowdies are employed
by the public pound so long will law-abiding
citizens be dragged Into prisons and courts
upon frivolous charges, which are only made
an v subterfuge to cover their own vicious con
duct. Now I want you to understand right
here that your duty is to look after the cap
ture and detention of. stray, vagabond, home
less dogs wandering upon the streets without
an owner. 1 have heard complaints thut pet
dogs and valuable dogs have been taken from
the front steps and lawns of the residences of
their owner?, where they belonged. I dare
heard complaints where you have taken dogs
from the Immediate QilStody and control of the
owner while walking upon the streets. I dara
ray that were a disinterested person to go from
this court straight to the public pound he would
find SO per cent of the dogs confined there to
be valuable animals, and that he would pas*
upon the streets oi\ the way there a dozen or
so of mangy, homeless curs, which are permit
ted to run at large because you do not con
sider them worth impounding. Now that is
not your duty ar.d not the object of the exist
ence of a public pound. You can have no sucb
ct&rllke authority vested in you, and If you
bo think you have I will inform you that you
are violating the law yourself. If my dog Ik
sitting on my front steps, or on the sidewalk
In front of my house, or In my immediate con
trol and custody, and under my command, you
have no right to molest or take my property,
and it borders upon larceny to do so. It is
about time you had a lesson v*> to your duty,
and your duty is to look out for stray, home
less dogs and not lie around watching and
waiting for any and all valuable animals that
nrny come your way. In this cose It Is too bad
that Mr. Foster has been subjected to the
abusive Indignities that he was, and, as I Raid
before, were I he I would seek redress In
the proper courts.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Plne.nr. Kearny.S.F. CaJ.
EVENTS AT THE PRESIDIO.
Two Soldiers Court-Martialed and '
Sent to the Military Prison on
Alcatraz Island.
General Miller approved the findings in
two court-martial cases yesterday. Pri
vate Albert. C. Farme.r, Company H,
Twentieth Kansas, was found guilty of
larceny and sentenced to be dishonorably
discharged from the service, to forfeit all
allowances due him ftnd to be confined at
Alcatraz at hard labor for one month.
Private Bert W. Campbell, Troop A, First
Nevada Cavalry, for disobedience of or
ders, was sentenced to be dishonorably
discharged from the service to forfeit all
allowances due him and to be confined at
Alcatraz at hard labor for six months.
Private Elisha L. Doran, Company H.
Fifty-first lowa, died at the division field
hospital yesterday of typhoid fever. Ills
remains will be sent to his home.
First Lieutenant K. L. Glasgow, Twen
tieth Kansas, has been ordered to report
to Major Goodale for duty in connection
with recruit detachments.
Colonel Smith, First Tennessee, has is
sued an order for check rollcalls at rev
eille and at all drills and from retreat on
until late at night, so that no man can be
from camp longer than one hour at a time
unless he is provided with a pass.
The War Department has decided that
twenty men shall go on the Condor to join
their regiments at Manila.
AN ARTIST RECOGNIZED.
Alexander Harrison, the Celebrated
Marine Painter, Gets a Double
Compliment.
Alexander Harrison, the eminent ma
rine painter, who arrived In San Fran
cisco a few days ago, went to Monterey
yesterday, accompanied by Charles Rollo
Peters. They will be Joined by other art
ists early next week.
Mr. Harrison received two agreeable
announcements just before his departure.
The rtrst came by wir*;, conveying the in
telligence that the University of Pennsyl
vania had conferred upon him the degree
of bachelor of science, and the second was
a letter from the Owl, informing him tnat
he had been elected an honorary member
of the Bohemian Club. The duties at
taching to the position of bachelor of
science will in no wise conflict with the
duties or obligations which one accepts In
becoming an honorary member of the Bo
hemian Club, so there is but little douot
that the artist will accept both offices and
continue the work of painting the sea and
its surroundings as if the shower of hon
ors had not occurred.
SEVERELY PUNISHED.
George Foster, a Teamster, Disturbed
the Peace in the Orpheum.
George Foster, a teamster in the em
ployment of Wells. Fargo & Co., -was con
victed In Judge Conlan's court yesterday
and sentenced to pay a fine of $200 or
spend ninety days In the County Jail,
which is the limit for disturbing the
peace. The fine was paid later. Sun
day night Foster was in the Orpheum
Theater and took possession of a reserved
seat. The usher asked him to leave the
seat, but he refused. Force had to be
used, and Foster threw himself on the
floor and gave utterance to the vilest
language, which was heard all over the
house. He was finally dragged out and
taken to the City Prison, wheretbe charge
of disturbing the peace was booked
against him.
Her Confidence Betrayed.
Mary Feeney, a servant at 1616 Pine
street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday for the arrest
of Benjamin Leipsic, driver of a milk
wagon, on the charge of felony embezzle
ment. She alleges that Leipsic induced
her to give him her savings, amounting
to about $300. on the representation that
he would Invest it in stocks for her and
the money would triple In value in a
month. That was nearly two months ago,
and she has not received a cent from him.
Photographing Sound, the latest
discovery of science, in next Sunday's
OalL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
BONIBEL WINNER
OF THE FUTURITY
Piggott's Riding Does
the Trick.
OLINTHUS THE BEST HORSE
HAS A STORMY PASSAGE IN
THE RACK
Rainier Captures the Autumn Handi
cap and the Vinctor Stake Is
Easily Taken by Scar
borough.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 15.— One of the
largest crcnvd6 ever assembled at Agri
cultural Park paid homage to Sacramento
day this afternoon to view the racing. The
mercury in the thermometers ascended
until it neared the bubbling point, and
the grand stand looked a whining mass
of pretty faces, vari-oolored flowers and
fans. The icecream men sold out early
in the day. and in its effort to cool out,
the bookmaking brigade was almost
tempted to lengthen out the prices. Later
better counsel prevailed, and the old odds
stayed there. Betting in the ring was
brisk, one peneilor estimating the amount
of coin handled by the six books at
$25,000.
The card was a tempting racing morsel.
Besides the rich $4500 California Futurity
stake, the Autumn handicap for two
year-olds and the Vlnctor stake were
down for decision. In all, two favorites
only were successful.
The other c% r ents were tame in compari
son to the Futurity, which furnished a
desperate finish between Bonibel, Al
moner and Ollnthus. The latter, carrying
top weight, with Henry Shields in the
saddle, carried the biggest commissions,
though the Byrnes pair. Saintly and He
mera, were favorites in the betting at
the short price of 4 to 5. Against the
Burns & Waterhouse pair. Bonibel and
Panamint, 5 to 1 were offered.
Figsrott, on Bonibel, went out when
Starter Havey sent the field away to a
pretty start, to make a runaway race of
it. At the end his mount was stopping
badly, but by superb riding he kept tho
roan Oily up long enough to get the de
cision In a terrific drive from Almoner
and Olinthus, the three finishing heads
apart on the wire. Shields on Olinthus
had a tempestuous voyage or he would
have won, the big chestnut colt clearly
showing that he was the best. The best
jockey won on the poorest horse of the
trio. Saintly showed none of his old
time speed. The track was dead, and the
time— l:l7 — indicates a very poor race.
The Autumn handicap drew out a tin
pan collection of four scaly looking two
year-oids, with Cardale ruling a 1 to 2
chance In the ring. The brown colt must
have retired late the evening previous, for
he chopped It up badly, taking the short
end of the coin. Rainier, a 7 to 1 chance,
came from nowhere and beat ....le leader.
Obsidian, as ho pleased. Hal Brown, a
sawed-down stable lad, piloted the win
ner.
Mike Kelly, who has been nursing Scar
borough along the greater part of the
summer, made no secret of the fact that
he thought his charge would win the
Vlnctor stake, and in his prognostication
he was correct. The bay horse, with Hen
nessey in the saddle, allowed the mild
favorite, Buckwa. to cut out the run
ning until nearly stretch time, where he
was given his head, and with conslder
ab.e to spare led tho Cambridge stabla
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 15, 1898. — Tenth day of the State Fair races.
Weather fine; track slow.
A. B. SPRECKELS. Presiding Judge.
R. J. HAVET. Starter.
6 SIXTH RACE (of Wednesday,
• and upward; purso, $200.
jex. Horse~~Age7 Weight. l St. Vim.
selling, three-year-olds
25 Fig Leaf. 4 1
13 Losette. 3
19 Hercnanlta, a I
... Duranfro, a i
13 Hlmera, 3
... Oakleaf, 4 :
26 Stole. 3 ...1 ...../
25 Flk I-eaf. 4 103! 4 ... 11 12 11 I' 2H Bullman 4 5-2
13 Loaette, 3 9716 ... 2 V 4 2 Vi 2 2 2 1% Tnrr-pll 6 6
19 Hennanlta, a 106 1 2 ... 6 2 4 1 3 2 3 1 Riild-r 1 1
Durango a 110 5 ... 3l ' 45 2 610 4 1 iHobart 8 12
13 Hlmera, 3 9)1 1 ... 6 1 6 4 4h £.2 iHouck 8-6 8-5
Oakleaf, 4 trf j 3 ... Ui 3 5 s>& 615 Wilson 2 4
26 Stole. 3 /94| 7 ... 7 7 7^ 7 Ryan 20 30
4
I 6
! 2
i i
I?
...
1 1
2 V 4
62
3 Ii
6 1
4 h
7
1 2
2 M
4 1
5 2
6 4
35
7
1 1
2 2
3 2
6 10
4 h
6 Vi
7
I'2H
2 IV4
3 1
4 1
D 2
6 15
Jiinian
trrpll
ild-r
obart
ouck !
II son
yan
Ttrn*. :24%. :49%, 1:15. Good start. Won eaally. Second and third driving. Winner,
J. H. Shields 1 b. m. by Imp. Martenhurßt-Orange Leaf.
Fig Leaf showed sudden improvement. Loaette gets better every race. Snider dubbed
Hermanlta about.
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $200.
Weight.
Km.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
16 MagdaJenas 115 4 ... lh 13 14 11 (Wilson 7-10 l-»
10 Kaplan W> 8 ... 22 2u. 2M, 2n JSnlder 2 11-5
17 Nll«ar 108 1 ... 4 3^ 2h 8 4 Uullman 3 4
16 The Miller 1081 2 L; . 8 % 4 4 4 [Holmes 6 6
16 MagdaJenas ]
10 Kaplan
17 Nllgar
16 The Miller :
4
3
1
2
1 h
2 2
4
3 %
1 3
2 M:
» %
4
1 4
3 V 4
2 h
4
1 1
2 n
8 4
4
in
!
Time. :18%. :42. 1:09. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, Dr
M. J. Collins' c. h. by Emperor of Norfolk-Esplrito Santo.
Magdalenas much the best. Sh" wan away badly and ran around her field. Bullman
no help to Nilgar, or he would have been aecond. Thf Miller quit after three-eighths of
a mile.
8 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $200.
Horse.
y«m.
%m.
%m. '
Str.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
Jockeys.
26 Hlmera 11212 ... 5 2h lh Plggott 8-5 2
21 Rose Maid 107 ] 3 ... 41 2V4 lh 2 H Glenn 6 3
17 Roulette Wheel 10"! 1 ... 31 lh 34 35 Bozeman 3 3
21 Glen Anne 107 5 ... 2H 4H 4 6 45 Holmes 5 s
6 St. Philip 110| 4 ... 1 h 3Mi 5 6_ .... 2 2
Time, :25, :60. 1:17. Perfect start. Won first three driving. Winner, R. Hughes*~ch
nily by Hlder Ali-Walnut.
"Hlmera the best ridden. Rose Maid was the best. Glen Anne cut off several times
Boaeman made his run too soon on the Wheel. St. Philip no account.
26 Hlmera :
21 Rose Maid ',
17 Roulette Wheel !
21 Glen Anne !
6 St. Philip :
2
3
1
5
4
5
4 1
3 1
2%
1 h
6
1
4
3
2 h
1 h
3 4
4 5
5
1 h
2 H
3 5
4 S
5
i
an
s
ssy ....
OO THIRD RACE— California Futurity stake; «lx furlongs;
Jm\j* . value, 14500. "
; total
Index. Horse.
Km.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
... Bonibel 115 3 ... 12 13 11 ins fPlKgott 5-2 k
(10) Almoner 118 4 ... 3 2 2h 2H 2ns Bozeman 10 s
... Ollnthus 12G 1 ... 4tt 34 32 32 Shields 8-5 l
... Hemera 115 2 ... 12 42 43 45 IHennessy .... 4-5 4-5
... Panimlnt 118 5 ... 6 6 6 2 6 3 Snider • •
... Saintly 121 8 ... 6 3 6 2 J 6 J. WebbPr t t
... Bonibel 11
(10) Almoner 11
... Ollnthuß 1!
... Hemera 1'
... Panimlnt 13
... Saintly U
3
4
1
2
5
J
1 2
3 2
4 tt
2 2
6
6 3
1 3
2 h
3 4
4 2
6
5 2
'V.I l"->
2 %
3 2
4 3
6 2
8
Ins
2 ns
3 2
4 5
6 8
6
'ICKOii
Bozeman .....
Shields I
....
Jnlder
f. Webber
•Coupled with Bonibel. tCoupied with Hemera.
Time, :24^. :. r >o. Utt. Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner, Burns & Water-
houee'pt m. filly by Take Notice-Tallu'la.
Ollnthus closed very strong. Bonibel stuck longer than usual. Saintly no speed. He-
mera stopped.
QA FOURTH RACE— mile; two-year-olds; the Autumn handicap; value to winner •
OU« $405.
Index. Horse.
%m.
%m.
Str.
23 Rainier 100 4 4 4 21 21 11 }H. 8r0wn.... 6 7
14 ObsUMan 106 2 1% 11 11 lh 22 Snider 7-5 7-6
23 Caudate 105 3 2 Vfc 2h 31 33 310 Bnos 2-5 l-»
14 Gilt Edge.... 85| 1 3 4 3 1 4 4 4 ]Houck 20 7
Time. :25\4, *0, 1:16V4. 1:44. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Dr. I. W
O'Rourk's b. g. by Orizlba-Nadavls.
Rainier tho bC3t. Obsidian and Casdale both stopped. Gilt Edge showed great Im-
provement.
4
2
3
1
4
1 H
2%
3 4 '
4
1 1
2 h
31
2 1
1 1
3 1
4
2 1
1 h
3 3
4
1 1
2 2
3 10
4
Brown
Jer
6
7-5
20
is
irk : V J
ICK
Q1 FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year- olds and upward; the Vinctor stakes: value
Oli to winner, $355.
Horse. Age. Weight.
lira..!
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(24) Scarborough, 4 122,3 3$ 2h lh 11 l iv Hennessy .... 6-5 1
15 Jluckwa. a 122j 4 12 12 J 2\4 88 2% Shields 4-5 4-5
15 Marplot, 3 1121 2 21 35 3G 2H 315 ISnlder 5-2 3
J.B Lomo. 4 122| 1 4 4 4 4 4 |J. Webber. ... 6 8
(24) Scarborough, 4 1
15 Hurkwa, a !
15 Marplot, 3 j
18 Lomo. 4 '
3
4
2
1
3 3
1 2
2 1
4
2 h
1 2
3 5
4
:lh- ■'■'•
2 2V,
3 6
; -.''4r->. '
1 1
3 8
2H
1 1%
2 V,
3 15 ■
4 ;
sy ....
ber.V.'.'
Ttmr, :25H. rSOJi. 1:16. 1:43. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving; Win-
ner, Dillon Lyon's b. h. by El Rio Rey-Fonsette.
Buckwa stopped. He pulled up a bit lame. Marplot should have beaten Buckwa for
place. Buckwa interfered with badly by Lomo at start.
OQ SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling, three- year-olds and upward; purse, $200.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
20
■is
20
3 ;
mer, 5 !
phy, 6
ince. 4
tie. D
2
3
1
5
4
*
1 2
2 h
3 2
4 6
6
14
2 2
3 1
4 5
-: 6
-1 4 ■■-■■
2 1
3«
4 5
5
1 4
2 3
3 1
4 6
5
s
2
3
5-2
C
2
'"3
\~6..:.:.. : :r.
lyftmtj
•Left.
Time, :MH. :*9, 1:16. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
Crime & Owens' b. g. by Captain Al-Lady Intruder.
Amasa had the speed of the bunch. Montallade no account. Murphy short.
entry out a length in the slow time of
1:43.
The flying filly Magdalenas seems to
have regained her old-time speed, for,
starting a 7 to 10 favorite in the opening
five and a hnlf-furlongs sprint for beaten
two-year-olds, she beat her field away off
after getting away last. Gus Wilson rode
the winner, earning his first set of brack
ets since coming from Montana. In a
hard drive Holmes on Napian got his
mount home a neck before Nilgar.
Himera, which was beaten on Wednes
day, came out in the six-furlongs selling
sprint following, and with Piggott on her
back led Rose Maid and Roulette Wheel
over the line in a driving finish. The
winner was held in twos in the betting,
and received the best, of the saddle work.
Roulette Wheel might have won with a
less pantomimic ride. St. Philip, one of
the post chokes, caught stage fright while
the running was young.
The final six-furlongs dash, decided un
der selling conditions, went to Amasa.
which led all the way, winning handily
from Roadwarmer. The favorite. Montal
lade, stiff and sore as a veteran car horse,
was unplaced. The book on this race
would have given an Eastern pencllcr
the blues, the "tinhorns" laying 2 to 1
against the winner, with grotesque odds
against the others.
The entries for to-morrow with the odds
offered to-night follow:
First Race — Trotting-; mile and repeat; free
for all:
(lO)ToKRIes 2-5 I 21 Monterey 2-1
10 Zombro 8-1 I 10 Galette 6-1
Second Race — Trotting; 2:16 class; mile dash:
7 May B 8-t. 12 Silver Ring: 8-1
17 Our Jack S-l 12 Mojave 10-1
.. O. Washington. B-1 i (21) Prince Gift 1-3
17 Lou 6-1 |
Third Race— Trotting; 2:20 class; mile dash:
20 Dr J I .. Nellie Bly ....
(2C)Ned Thorne |
Fourth Race— Trotting; 2:18 class; mile dash:
22 Harry Marvin.. 6-1 22 Menlo 8e11e.... 2-1
20 Joe Selby 6-1 17 Myrtle Thome.. 3-3
17 Daymont 6-1 6 Lottie 0-5
Fifth Race— Pacinp:: 2:23 class; mile dash:
23 Clara II 8-1 , 18 Belle W 7-5
23 OafT Topsail. ...B-1 IS Majolla B 4-1
IS Harry J 4-1 i 18 Lady Margaret. 7-5
IS Silas Simons.... 6-1 | IS Mia Louise 2-1
Sixth Race— Handicap; one mile:
(22)Phasta W. 108.. .6-5 22 H. Thnburn. 104.5-2
22 Polish. 99 6-1 (IS)R. Tlerra, 108.. 3-1
.. Prompto, 85 6-1 19 Libertine. 112.. .3-1
Extra Race — Six furlongs; selling; entries
close at track In tht> morning.
STANFORD FRESHMEN.
Adopt a Constitution and Elect Per
manent Officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 15.—
The freshman class held its second meet
inp yesterday afternoon and succeeded in
I adopting a constitution and electing: the
following permanent officers: President,
Frank Kerr, Heyworth. 111.; first vice
president. Miss Helon IX Munday, Los
Angeles; second vice president, I. S. Zll
mer. Oakland; secretary, A. E. Cooley,
Cloverdale; treasurer, F. A. Glesea, Stock
ton: executive committee members. J. Pi
Davis of San Francisco and Samuel Har
dy of Oakland: baseball manager, W. W.
Carson. Eureka; track manager, W. H.
Levy, San Francisco.
BOLD BURGLABY AT FRESNO.
Store Looted of Several Thousand
Dollars' Worth of Goods.
FRESNO, Sept. IT,.— Last evening burg
lars looted the store of Albert Pierson &
Co., 1722-24 Mariposa street. They had
wagons and succeeded in making away
with several thousand dollars' worth of
goods. The affair has caused consider
able excitement here. The store Is situ
ated on the principal street of the town.
A policeman and night wntnhman are
supposed to pass It every fifteen mir.utt-s,
and at all hours of the day and night
persons go by In front of It.
KOREA'S KING RECOVERING.
YOKOHAMA. Sept. 15.— Further ad
vices received here from Seoul, Koroa,
say that the King of Korea, who. with
the Crown Prince, became ill on Sunday
last, the supposition being that they were
poisoned. Is recovering. The Crown
Prince, however, 1b still quite ill. It Is
now believed that the poisoner was a lady
of the household, but doubts are ex
pressed as to whether she was actuated,
by Jealousy or political motives.
ACTIVITY OF VESUVIUS.
NAPLES, Sept 15.— Mount Vesuvius Is
now v r esenttng the grandest spectacle
since 1872, due to a violent outburst of ac
tivity. The central crater and a number
of new mouth 3 are vomiting lava and
nshes. Three Imposing streams are pour
ing' down the mountain side, burying the
chestnut woods at the base of Monte
Somma, nearly reaching the observatory,
destroying part of the funicular railroad
leading thereto and threatening the bar
racks of the carbineers.
Senator Foraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colonies,
in next Sunday's Call.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sheldon I. Jr. and Lillian D. Kellogg (Rey
nolds) to John Titus,' lot on E line of Webster
street. 110:6 S of California. S 27 by E 81:3; $10.
William D. and Maggie J. Walker to Samuel
Crozler, lot on E line of Flllmore street, 137:6
N of Hayes. N 27 by E 137:6; $10.
Harry C. and Estelle Morrison to Louis Metz
ger. lot on S line of Slitter street. 144:3 W of
Lyon. W 35:3. S 100. E 25. N 100:6; $SSO.
Charles W. Reed <truFt"~ for Emma C.
Bohme) life estate, Emma ■ and Frederick
Bohme to Tomaso Dematei, Giovanni Toboni.
Domenico Flrenzi, Bertolomeo Dervicenzi, lot
on S line of "Valiejo street, 68:9 E of Kearny,
E «8:9 by S 137 ;- $3450. .
David Figone toGlovinnl Flgoni, undivded
■half Interest in lot on W line of Sonoma place
or street, also called Sonora place or i.theet.
77:6 S. of Green. N 19:9% by W 37:6; $900. ' - 
Xichael L., Annie and William Spinettl to
Antonio Sllveßtri, lot on W Hn<» of ""i-vara lot
374. distant 57:6 N of Green, N 20 by E 58:9;
$irrn. •
Sharon Estate Company to Sarah E. Cowell.
lot on NW corner of Pine and Leavenworth
streets, N 96 by W 115:14; «32,600.
Clement B. Moore (by John K. Moore, attor
ney) to Jose Ramon Pico, lot bounded on the
N by Jefferson street, E by Leaven-worth, S
by Beach and W by Hyde; also lot bounded on
the N by Beach. E by Leavenworth. S by
North Point and W by Hyde; also lot bounded
en the S by Beach. W by Larkln. A by Jeffer
son and E by Hyde, quitclaim deed; $500.
Isaac Levy, Henry Horstmann and Edward
J. Prlngle Jr. to Henry Cowell, lot on W cor
ner of Mission and Spear streets, NW 77:6
by SW 45:10; also lot on SW line of Spear
street. 97:6 NW of Mission. NW 40 by SW 45:10;
$29,000. -
George U. Fletcher to Joanna Fletcher, lot
on E line of Sixth avenue, 200 N of Point
Lobos avenue. E 120 by N 50: gift.
Michael Loftus to L. M. and Annie M. Wood
field, lot on SE line of San Jose avenue. 164:2%
N of Twenty-ninth street, 8E 73:8%. NE 25.
NW 78:9%. S 23:5%. Preclta Valley land?; $2600.
Estate of Leon Darolles (by Anne M. Dar
olles, executrix) to Jean M. Dupas, lot on E
line of Chenery street, 364 S of Thirtieth. S
60. E 115, X 10. E 154. N 150, W 140: thence
8 to NE corner lot 17, W to beginning, lots
16 to 20, block 29. Falrmount; also lot on E
line of Chenery street, 314 S of Thirtieth, S 50,
E 115, NW to point, W to beginning, lot IS,
block 29, same; $3555.
Anne M. Darolles to same, same (2 pieces):
$10.
George Belle Whittle to Pletro Molinari. lot
on.E line of Head (Florence) street, 225 N of
Randolph. N 50 by E ion, lots 14 and 13, block
43, City Land Association; $10.
Julius and Margaretha Weber to Henry and
Louise Ickler, lot on N line of Sadowa street,
175 W of Marengo, W 60 by N 125, lots 8 and
9. block G, Railroad Homestead Association ;
$10.
Charles McCarthy ("by James P. McCarthy,
attorney) to F. A. Berlin, lots 15 and 16 bli>ck
E; lot 13. block 2; lots IS and 44, btock 14; lota
18. 18. 17 and 19. block 26; lots 4. 5 and 44.
block 28; lot 6, block 21; lots 25 to 31, block 31,
Lakevlew; $10.
Lake View and Sunnyside Improvement Com
pany to came, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles B. and Clara A. Andrews to Mar
pa ret J. .Tones, lot on N corner of Weston ave
nue or Thirty-eighth street and Ruby, Is 332
E 30.18 S 130.24. W 30.26 to beginning, being
lot 1, block C. Broadway ami Telegraph-avenue
Park Tract. Oakland Annex; $1300.
John Rettlg to Oakland Loan and Investment
Company, lot on E line -of Telegraph avenue
P6.SO N of Sutter street. N 45.40 by E IN, being
lot 31, block C, Vicente Peralta Reservation
Tract. Oakland Annex; $10.
William G. and Hetty T. Henshaw, William
J. and Virginia H. Dlngee to Alice G. Boynton
(wife of G. W.), lot on E line of Pleasant Val
ley- avenue, 827.27 N of Piedmont, N GO by E
2.5. being lot 27, revised map of Piedmont
Cable Tract. Oakland Township; $1240.
William and Louisa Wain to Peter Madsen.
lot on N line of Blackßtone street, 192:5 E of
Baker street, E 50 by N 100, being lots 15 and
16, on map of at 5 nn< * portion of plat 6
Dohr Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
Archibald L. Taylor, lots 2 to 11. block 8 map
of East Oakland Heights, except right of way
of East Oakland Street Railroad Company
•which includes the tracks as now laid 4 feet
on.each side thereof. East Oakland; $10.
David C. Fowler (by commissioner) to San
Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loan Associa
tion lot 13. block N. Knowles and Potter sub
division of Kennedy Tract, East Oakland: $832
_ Maurice C. and George U. Couchot to Benolt
Colin, lot on S line of Forty-first street. US E
of Grove ? 32 by B 110. being lot 47. resubdl
viston of Morris Tract, Oakland- Annex; $10
Linda M. A. Knowles to -v James Boyle,
lot 29, block J. Broadway Terrace. Oakland An
nex; $10.
Felix Peano to Gulsepplna G'.orjrl. the E half
of lot 16. block 11, Warner Tract. Brooklyn
TXjwnshlp; JlO.
i ?« hh 1l1 l ; <i A. Forrest to Thomas J. Forrest,
lot 31. block C. FruitvaJe Station Tract. Brook
lyn Township: $10.
William Laird to Mary Ann Laird, lots S3
and 34, block 48. Tract B. Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley gilt
Builders' Contracts.
San Francisco Theological Seminary (owner)
with E. W. Hyde (contractor), architects Mc-
Dougall Bros. Excavations, brick work, con
crete yard walks, chimneys, carpenter work
mill work, glaring, tinning, plastering, stairs
and painting for a 2-story frame building on
lot on W line of Locust street. 82:1 X of Cali
fornia. X 60:6 by W 112: 16600.
Same owner with William F. Wilson (con
tractor), architect same. Plumbing. gasflttlng
and sewering for same on same: J1077
H. W. Miller (owner) with Wilson & Long
(contractors), architect none. All work for a
2-story from" building on lot on S line of Po-»t
street, 125 W of Devlsadero, W 25 by S 77:6:
f2900. '''+"*■'*• ."""*■•■'. - •
W. P. and Mary M. H. Henry (owner) with
J. J. Manseau (contractor and architect) All
work for a 1-story attic and basement frame
building on lot on E line of Bartlett street.
P6:3 N of Twenty-second. E 110, S 22-10% W
110. X 22:10%; $2400. • . , "■».**
St. Luke's Church (owner). Walker Bros
Company (contractors) with David O'Neil (sub
contractor). Albert Button architect. ! Stone
work for a stone and brick church edifice on lot
on SE corner of Clay street and Van Ness
avenue, 8 63:10% by E 123; $9380.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,.
F Burdock. Chicago Mrs Martin, S/aose
A Trier. Denmark A A Grant. XW Mcx
J Kempvane, Hodson R Bradley Cal
R E Steele. Pasadena PC Lu»"k Chico
5 Fudinswlder, U S X L Herschhorn NY
J B Feakes. S Cruz J W Coul. . Spokane
B R Ward. US X E V Hull. Milwaukee
W Strickland. USX Mrs H B Hull Phlla
B L Strasburger. NY W A Thatcher. Phila
8 Klser. X V■Y ■ R A Gilbert. Pa
Dr Fen wick. NY C Magee. • Ottawa
EC Ely, Conn C T Bliss. Cal
R Pollak. X V ■ Mrs C. T Bliss. Cal
V Yamashtto. Japan Hrs W , Hawkins, Cal
J C Zimmerman, X V F Thurston Pueblo
H C Mabuken, NY Mrs Thurston, Pueblo
H R Gragg, Chicago W O Hunt N Orleans
X Kawakame, Japan Mrs Hunt. X Orleans
Dr F Seklba. Japan WO Hart, X Orleans
X Ito. Japan Mrs Hart. . X Orleans
8 Wyeno. Japan Miss Peyster, -Tehama
6 Akaskl, Japan Mrs Miller, Tehama •■
V Wallace, ; Btonford Mrs Houghton - Cal
A L Williams.. Cal J M Sheppard, Cal
B Fleischer, R Vista Miss Kohl&m. S Mateo
Mrs Fleischer. R Vista J 5? Chllds, Vacaville
A II Martin, S Jose ...
; ■■ GRAND HOTEtL
E G Anderson. NY J R Hebbron. Bal!naa
A H Randall. S Jose .- H C Cuttlne. Cal
J M Pitman, PaltoAl M Hudson, Watsonvlle
A C Lansen. Ala J Meredith. Cal
Mrs A C Lassen. Ala • T P Block. S Jose
A M Robb. P Costa Mrs D Batr & fm. Sac
H S Allen. Larkspur Mrs C A i Parker, Mass
L Maguire, , ■ Pinole i ;.■ EC, Grau, . Irvlngton
C W Rodgers, L Ang . W Hevwood, Berkeley
Mrs W Webster.- Wash W H Hey wood. Cal
J H ■ Belcher, . Anderson C W Palmer, S Miguel
S Joss. Pomona: H A Morley, NY
D R Kurrlll. Pomona' A B Martin. S Jose '
J W Humble, Orldley R A Gaylord. Sacto
Mrs J Humble. Gridley Dr Johnson. X V
H Walker, Willows W X Cole. Martinez i -
T D Frost. ! P Robles Mrs W. Cole. Martins
R S Lawrence, L Ang C Anderson. Covello
J 8 Mills, Stockton . W W Foster, Dlxon
T H Donohoe, • Uktah H; W I Magree, * Cal I
J Kinney. X V AM Robb. P Costa
C Henderson. Morgan! A GUleEplo, NY
W R Guy. . San Diego . I
. ' i. . BALDWIN HOTEL.
8 H Meyerfeld. X V Miss Welch, S Jose
J Amison, Portland . R C Hubert, Oakland
C E Metsger, NY J Peigmtain, Cal
W Littleton. S Barb G Preslelgh, S Jose
X Jackson, \ Omaha • H Markham, U8 N
Miss Welch. Omaha E Dobson, , Nevada -.
E Helnainan; Omaha ■ O E Lovany. S Josa
. R Lander&w, Omaha A M.Horton, : Cal
Dr ; Herrlck&w. - Oakld B B Parker & w, CaJ
M C j Wade, St Helena H Prince , Term -
V C Doherty, X V - |G R Bulmer, USA
L Boland & w, VaJlejo|G E Snow, USA '
T Chrlstlanßon, S Rost I H E Wllcox S Jose
ME Harris, Oakland . I Peter ; Ball, S Jose
B*■ F Rose, . X V - . | E C Blackman, Term
. . :: v NEW ; WESTERN HOTEL. .
D M Clauson "■ S Diego J Grady. ' Seattle
Mrs Clauson, * S Diego E : Jepson, - Seattle ! • -
A G Aldridge. Chgo -< W B Carter, , S Jose
E Olsen. . Chicago - \ J H Ftnnell. Sacto ;
P P ' Hannan, . Stocktn E , H ■ Nevlne, • S Cruz j
Mrs Hannan. - Stocktn R Way, ' San Jose -.
8 Del Monte, Sulsun C ; Ryder, Calistoga' ;
Mrs 8 Del' Monte, Cal BE Jones, Fresno
Miss Richardson. Cal Mis E Jones. : Fresno
J West, Cloverdale F Rothlng, S Jose "
M Roberts,' ! Dawson •■IE ■■ D < James '&■ w, , Cal
X Gentry w. Mo : ' HDazy.' Gridley -
■■-■■/. ■ ♦ «
LATE SHIPPING ; INTELLIGENCE. .
DOMESTIC : PORTS.
: BOWENB J LANDlNG— Arrived - Sept - 16— Schr
Monterey, hence Sept I*. • . .' : • •
; PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept i 15— Bktn
Amelia, from Honolulu. * ' - -
6AN FRANCFSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclscc
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3ST Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW, corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
DIVINE sen-ices will be held by Rev. M. M.
Goldtn on "The Coming Of New Year's Day
and the Day of Atonement," at Mowry s
Opera Hall, corner Grove and Lagumi sts.
Tickets to be had from Rev. M. M. Goldin,
656 Hayes St.; also to-day at the above hall
all day. Tickets. $1 and $1 50.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. a.
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- < fjj2!*
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS IFjj
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. &9
Order of the Temple. All fraters are v
courteous l>Mnvlt|d. p : Em CQm
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- **tjf
DAY) EVENING, September IG, at S *\
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. Kg£&
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. «l M
I. O O. F.— Members will please as- >A
semble at 1:30 p. m. TO-DAY (FRI- /X
IXA.Y) at 1219%. Golden Gate aye., to/\ X
attend the funeral of our late brother.
CHARLES 11 . MEAD.
W. I. CROSETT. Chief Patriarch.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. j
O. F.— Officers and brothers, you
are hereby notified to assemble -^ZrfX?^.-
in Memorial Hall. FRIDAY, Sep- 7/ '*^
tember 16, 1888, at 1 p. m., to attend the
funeral of our late brother, C H. MEAD.
By order H. LUKE. N. G.
H. L. TODD. Secretary. '
REGULAR meeting of 'he Caledo- v %f >*.
nlan Club THIS EVENING, at 3, aCbj
S o'clock, Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin "*JvX_*
st. JOHN REID, Chief. ***£&>
JAMES 11. 'IUXCA.V, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
XT wife. BLANCHE A. THOMAS, having left
..my bed and board, I will not hereafter be
responsible for any debts contracted by her.
DAVID J. THOMAS. '
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415" Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No! 5!) (fifty
cents . per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Tuesday, September 20. 1898. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, September
14, IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
-•>> - E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
COMPETENT mother and daughter desire sit-
uations as cook and second girl; best ref-
erences; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. i ■
FIRST-CLASS German, also Swedish cooks,
best of city reference, deMre situations. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 3:6 Sutter st.
REFINED competent lady of 35 wishes situa-
tion to care for children and sewing, or as
housekeeper; wages $20 to $25; references.
Box 1267. Call office.
YOUNG lady, competent stenographer, type-
writer, understands bookkeeping, desires po-
sition; salary $5 per week; experienced; ref-
erences. Box 652, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman; good cook,
housekeeper; in small family; object good
home; good reference. C. S.. 127 Turk st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation In
private family; plain cooking or help In a
boarding-house; city. Call 1149 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes to care for baby or do
housework;' $12 to $15. Call or address 632
Elizabeth st.,: . Castro-st. cars. >
GOOD *lrl would like a situation as cook and
downstairs work; good references. Address
box 605, Call office. -
RESPECTABLE girl wants housework; wages
from $12. to $15; would cross the bay. 270
Jessie st.
COMPETENT cook and laundress wishes situa-
tion; city or country; city references. 2029
Mission st. i
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing, ironing or house cleaning. Address
741 Minna st.
NEAT refined young lady wishes position as
copyist or office assistant. Address P. O.
box 19. Plea?anton, Cal. :
LADY wants housework with plain cooking, or
I upstairs work. Call ISI9 Buchanan st.
GIRL wants place to do housework; wages $15.
411 Fourth st.
GERMAN woman would like to do light house-
work. 809 Mission St.. near Fourth.
CAPABLE Swedish woman wants any kind of
housework by the day. Box 992. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation at up stairs
work. Call at 133 Russ st.
MIDDLE-AGED, educated lady, competent
teacher of French and German, good sewer
and Invalid's nurse, desires position of trust;
good home preferred to high salary. Frauleln,
care Redmond, druggist, northwest corner
Polk and Eddy
RESPECTABLE - middle-aged woman wishes
situation; good* cook; will /i light house-
work; kind to children; will work for mod- j
crate wages ; references. 3SSG Twenty-third
ii st., near Sanchez.
MAN and wife wish situations in city or coun-
try: man to work, on ranch, wife to cook.
Box 1255. Call office.
GERMAN girl' wishes position to do housework
and cooking; wages $20. 2965 Sacramento St.,
near Broderlck.
LADY wishes to assist with housework, '■ no
. washing, $16 per month. 323 Jules aye.. Sta-
: tion L. -.'.-;:•.*." ■*:
POSITION as housekeeper ' by woman, with
one child; references required and given. In-
quire 1772 Howard st.
LADY wishes "to do chamberwork, $20 per
month. 329 Jules aye.. Station L.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework In small family. Apply. 172 Rufs.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wants
work by the day; 75c and car fare. 9 Seventh.
WANTED— By competent person a position to
nurse or as companion . to eluerly lady; can
take charge of children and will furnish good
references. Box 1246, Call office.
NEAT reliable -middle-aged lady wishes ' posi-
tion .as working housekeeper; wages $12 to
$1S; references exchanged. Address House-
keeper, 872 Broadway, . Oakland. '
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day will
do cooking, housework or washing: la first-
class in every respect. Address A. E. T.. Ml
Howard st. ■-.•-.
TOUNG lady wishes position as second girl;
experienced : and can give the best of ■ refer-
; ence; wages, $20. ; Address box 1252. Call. -;
PROTEST elderly; lady wishes light work
in nice small family. . Address 41 Hill at.,
above Valencia.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper in a re-
• spectable family; no trlflers. 3«\» Geary, r. 12.
YOUNG i widow with two children wants posi-
tion In small family; small pay If good home;
reference. 727% Natorna St.. bet. Sth and 9th.
SITUATION : wanted as working housekeeper
in small family; good cook; willing and obllg-
ing; good city references. Box 1235, Call.
RESPONSIBLE woman wishes nursing in-re-
spectable family; ladles or children pre-
ferred. Address, MRS.. F. .M. - RAILTON. 30
Silver St.. bet ween, Second and Third.
SITUATIONS WANTED-
CHINESE and Japanese (eatab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997.' BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
CHINESE and : Japanese 'Employment Office;
best help. 414%. O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE EmpT Agency; all kinds
: help. . GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
YOUNG Swede' wishes position in a gentle-
■ man's place; Is a good gardener; good driver;
will make : himself useful ; . the best of refer-
• ences ; ' city, or ■ country. ■; 513 McAllister st.
PAPER hanger, ! with - tools, wants work : best
references: piece . work or contract; painter,
etc. : ANTOINE, 237 Shipley st. ,
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale at a bargain;
good location for man and wife: must be sold.
F. C. HYDE CO.. 1206 Market st.
YOUNG j German, . good all-around cook, wants
position-In < small " restaurant or boardlng-
■■-,■ house.,.. Box 1268,; Ca1l office.; . -
GROCERY clerk 10 years', experience, wishes
position in that line": 'best of references fur-
nished. C. ' 8., ; box 1269, Call office. v
SITUATION i wanted lof • any ,■ kind by man 28
years old; i best rof . references as a fireman;
, handy with carpenter tool*, good pipe ' fitter;
■ober and trustworthy. Box 1262, Call ornce.
SITUATIONS XV ANTED— Continued.
UPHOLSTERER. German young man, wants •
situation. A. KAUGER. 655 Mission st. .-•
STEADY young man wishes position \Yorkir:»¥
around private house. Box 1270. Call office. ' '
GOOD boy 14 year- old wants any kind ..if..
work. 1305 Mission st.. in bakery. . . . ,
MAN and wife wish situation In hotel or board,
ing-house: city or country. Box 1264. Call. ]
SOBER middle-aged man wants position in
small hotel or restaurant as dishwasher,
kitchen hand or to make beds; last place 3
years. Address A. S., box 1255, Call office. :
AN experienced grocery packer or porter would
• like- work of any kind; reasonable wages;
best of- references. Address box 1131, Call.
SITUATION as butler In private family or
first-class boarding-house by steady, sober
young man. Address box 647. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as yachtkeeper by a thor-
ough navigator. Box 1260. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class general
machinist: good engineer. Box 1256. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man. sober, reliable, good
hand about place and garden; low wages-
good references. Address M. M.. 537 Sacra-"
memo . st.
WANTED— Situation as driver by a man w«»
acquainted with the city; speaks German and
English fluently. Address box 1250. Call.
A BELTMAN with good references war.- a
situation In any kind of a factory for belt-
men, and can do any other work besides Ad-
dress Box 1234. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to IS
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE!
WANTED— German or Swedish girls for hous^l
work, small families, $25; first-class American
cook, $40; French second girl, $20; 2 laun-
dresses.* $25; 2 French cooks, 125; young gi r i»
to assist, $10 and $12. LEON ANDRE, 3i«
Stockton st.
COOK. Jewish family, $30. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
COOK, Bakersfleld, $25; San Rafael, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 32' Sutter st.
NEAT young girl. $15. MISS CULLEN 383
Sutter st. ,- • ~*\
GERMAN second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT girl as companion to invalid
lndy. $12: country; light work. MISS CUL-
lkn. 325 Butter st.
COOK, country, $35; cook, German style, $33;
cook, restaurant, $30. MISS CULLEIi, 323
Butter it
NURSE, sleep home, $10. MISS CULLEN*, 325
Sutter ft.
GERMAN or French maid and seamstress, $2.5;
German or French nursery governess, $25.
_ MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st. .
TWO waitresses, $20 each, country. MI.S3
CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
HEAD waitress, country commercial hotel, $30;
head waitress, city. 122 50; waitresses for
Hanford. Watsonvllle, Palo Alto, Monterey.
Vallejo. $20; chambermaid to wait. Trinity
County, $20. fare paid; 2 chambermaids to
wait, flrst-class city hotel, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for candy store, $4 week. CI R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. : *. -
WOMAN for general housework In country
town, small American family, fare paid, $20,
we party here to-day. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 104 Geary st. ..'» "
COOK for Healdsburg, $20, see party here; girl
for Benicla, 2 in family, $15, see lady here;
girls for Oakland, Berkeley, city, $15 to $30;
working housekeeper, widower's family, $15,
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
3 LAUNDRESSES, hotel, and private families,
$20 and $25; German nurse, $20; 3 cooks, Ger-
man style, $25; cook for men. $15, fare paid;
ranch cook, $20; restaurant cook, $25: 4 wait-
resses and chambermaid, $15, $20. and $5 week, •
and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sput-
ter st. • : ■
WAITRESS, country hotel. $20, fare paid. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
GIRL for housework, no washing, plain cook-
ing. $20; also upstairs lrl. $15. 631 Larkin.
EXPERIENCED woman waitress; $3; hours 10
a. m. to 3 p. m.; call only between 4 and 5 p.
m. MRS. STREET. 25 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for second work, waiting on
table; German preferred. 836 Valencia St., •
between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
YOUNG girl for general housework; German,
Swedish or Danish preferred. 1007 Leaven-
_ worth St., 2.. o'clock. to-day.
WANTED — to do general . housew*rfc in
BauFalito. Call at 2112 Steiner st., ■ between
11:30 and 3:30 to-day.
EXPERIENCED operators on wrappers, elec-
tric machines; no dressmakers. STENER, 131
Post st.
WANTED— Ten ladies for marches and ballet.
Apply at the Empire Theater, 21 Ellis St., be-
tween 1 and 3 o'clock to-day.
GERMAN girl that has worked In Jewish fam-
ily wanted for down stairs work and cooking;
wages $25. 1130 O'Farrell st. .
LITTLE girl to take care of a baby from 8 a.
m. to 4 p. m. Call bet. 10 a. m. and 12 m. at
1009 .Larkln St. •
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. MME. GOLD-
STEIN, 3 Eddy St.. room 15; call at 9.
NEAT girl to assist with housework; not un-
der 17;. wages $12. 1610 Fulton st.
GIRL for light housework and to assist with
children. 844 Haight st. ■
GIRL for general housework; wages $12. 1124
Greenwich st., near Hyde.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework. Ap-
ply at 2143 Larkln st.
UNEMPLOYED women to learn lucrative busi-
ness. 997 Market st., room 209. 10 to 5 p. m.
GIRL wanted for upstairs work and care of
grown children. 1130 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist with housework and children;
wages $S. 605 Jessie st.
WANTED— GirI to take care children and do
light housework. 439 Jessie st. _^
NEAT girl wanted to assist in light housework.
328 Eddy St. ■
WANTED— In restaurant. 113 Turk
street: ±X*-'
NICE school girl can find good home; more
for company; terms $S month. Box 1261. Call.
YOUNG girl to take care of young child and
assist; $6 month. 217 Third aye.
GERMAN girl for general housework. St»4
Twentieth at. ]_ .
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on flannel shirtfat t,-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHEL'S. 531 Mission St.
TWO young ladles to Introduce Egry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers «mo« - down town
merchants. PERN AU BROS., 543 Clay at.
WANTED-Opsrators on flannel overshirts; •
T ln«peKn*ced hand.^ak«W^ tau« ht .
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 36 V> Fremont at.
LEARN I n . ">:: l^'pos" 9
l»e; patterns, up M-IV" "'■ ■-■ "»
HELP WANTED— MALE.
JSJSFEo* all winter; camp blacksmith $30;
ranch teamster, $26- **• *■• "*"" * <-°-.
608-610 Clay at. _______"\^
r-wTTTT *ioo- 2 second cooks. $60 and $50; French
Ker **>: broiler. $50; 2 cook*. $10 and $9 a
week cook, small boarding-house. $30; third
cook ' $S0- oysterman. $35; kitchen . hands
Walters. $8 V and $6 a week; 2 waiters. $45.
C. R- HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
JOHNSON, the oysterman, wanted. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104. Geary st.
•hand laundryman, $45; Ironer, $25 and found.
C R. HANSEN & C 6., 104 Geary st.
....... FOR the Coast road k
"Free fare for a gang of laborers and gravel
■ screeners • • ....*.. ...Free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
•5 '-HORSE teamsters, new railroad work fre»
* fare; 18 laborers. $1 75 a day, free fare...::...
5 4-horse,- 10 2-horse teamsters . and 10 la-
borers for the new mountain railroad. • C. R. "
. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HARNESS-MAKER and repairer. $32 50 and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 TUNNELMEN. $2 50 a day; 10 drillers for a
quarry. $1 25 a day and board...;./.....
■ 10 laborers for a mine: and smelter. $1 60 t«
$210 a day; no experience required: steady
work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR i the. city
IB laborers, $1 75 a day; board where you like;
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
4 LABORERS, near city, $1 26 a day and board,
long Job: 3 ■ laborers, $1 a day and board; i
laborers for .- the woods, $26, and ■ board; 3
coopers. $30 and found; blacksmith. . $30 and
found; - 4 farmers. $20; milker, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $40
to $45; 2 stonelayers, $3, $3 50 ; day; choreman
.and. poultry raiser for country. $20 to $25; ■ 7 .
drift gravel miners. $40 and board; 2 wood-
choppers. $3 cord; boy for wholesale house, $3
to is 4 week: stout boy 18 years of age for.
wholesale grocery: clerk for bakery. $20 and
■ found; milker, $25; laborers, $1 day and board
- and '$1 75 day: -teamsters; ■ blacksmith for „.
camp; 2 young men to care for invalid, $11 i
and found; cooks, waiters, dish washers,, vege- •
table men and others. Apply. to J. F. : CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BELL boy $5 per ' month i and : found. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG : man for wholesale " house; ; state age,
references, • salary expected, also experience.
Fancy Goods, box 991, Call office.HJEL^JW ANTED-Cont t n a e<l.
COOK, plain hotel, Santa Cruz County $20 and'
found; restaurant butcher, $10 and board;
second cook, mines, $35 and found; butcher
small restaurant, $30 and board ?" waiter nice
country hotel, north, $25 and found: s 'wait-
ers, different country hotels, $25 and found
MURIU^ A; READY, 024 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED-For a large bean ranch. 10 -men or
strong boys to pull beans, $20 and found.
Blacksmith, country shop. $10 and found
see boss here; camp blacksmith, $30 and
found.
For railroad work, drillers, $2 50 day drill-
ers helpers $2 25 day; muckers. $1 75, and
teamsters. $1 70 day.
25 more laborers for the mines, $1 60 to $2 50
day; ranch hands, teamsters, etc.
MURRAY & BEADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOR the employment agents' afternoon adver-
tisements read the San Francisco Dally Even-
In* Report. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
ANTED— A middle-aged practical foreman
to do general work on a mountain ranch. 504
Davis st.
WANTED— A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday; eteady. 629 Union st.
BARBER for Saturday 1159% Folsom st.
GOOD barber for Saturday. $3 50; no student.
Apply 7:30 a. m.. 1646 Polk St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; bring
tools. 1502 Stockton st.
BARBER wanted. 1340 Mission st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 505 Broadway. •
ELDERLY man to cook for 2 or 3 men, $5.
608 Halght st.
WANTED— Sober man who can roast coffee
and run an engine.
WANTED— Good wagon blacksmith. 630 Broad-
way.
TWO carpenters wanted. HILLS & FISHER.
900 Stockton st.
WANTED— Baker and butcher at 959 Market
street.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. J. B. BUTTER-
WORTH. 1809 Polk st.
WANTED— Round seamers for light iron riv-
eted, pipe. Apply Main st. entrance of Rls-
don Iron Works.
AN office boy wanted; state age and salary
expected. Address box 1263, Call office.
WANTED— first-class coat makers. LOUIS
DELIA, Seattle, Wash. >V
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored), must
be competent and swell dressers. Apply Al-
hambra Theater, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
BARBERS— Special auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19, 2 p. m., at 1504 Park St.. Alameda, Of
a modern barber shop; Investigate before
sale this chance of buying paying shop.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— Thorough clothing salesman at
RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1104.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FT "CHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136. ;
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, ISBH Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf. shoes to order, $2 50: men's
soling. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
J. J. HEINZ. 630 Market St., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 2. r .c a night: $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart. |
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
Cl>.---Tl.n - ...-. MV it il'! 15C ulivhts r- ■ nil..! 71
week. Lindell House. Sixth, and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, ' 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 2."c night; reading room;
free 'bos and boirirasre to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTRAIT canvassers: men and women: com-
mission paid daily. 608 McAllister st.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co..
11— H Washington st- Oakland. Cal.
FURNITURE: WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel, Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 1057 Market st. : t»l. Jessie 32.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG gentleman wants nice furnished room.
A. L.. 226 Powell st.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN, 109 Sixth st.
GOOD cash register wanted; must be cheap.
604 Third St.
WANTED — A second-hand tank. Apply to
STERNITZKY BROS., tanners, San Bruno
road and Channel St., city. ,
WANTED— Laundry route. Address box 1245,
Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
HORSES.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Bales Yards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction ' sales every Wednes-
flay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
- _._., . „. „... j....- -. - - - -,-—
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
. FOR sale cheap; ■ 2 Edison bi-polar dynamos.
540 lamps, with switchboard, and apparatus
complete; 1 Otis hydraulic elevator; 1 50
horse-power Mclntosh & Seymour engine; 2
60 horse- power Eabcock & Wllcox boilers; all
In first-class condition. Apply to Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company, 216 Bush.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. ,
2, 6 and 10 stamp quartz mills cheap; easy
terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
BILLIARD table; high grade, mi Brod-
erlck st.
SIXTEENTH, 2910— Parlor suit 6 pieces; new
" cost $75; wll sell for $40. ;/::>,•
SAFES— and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Mafc, 583 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records. $5 per dozen;
proJectoßCOpe, $100. Bacigalupl. 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SA FES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
pises- half original enft. IW-U1 Market, 8. F.
' ~ SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
BICYCLES. " ~~~~~
I WILL sell 16 new • 1897 hlgh-grads bicycles
(sold in 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom its.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. P27 Market st.
■' ! ~ ~ STORAGE. ■
PIERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and ft\ying~Co^
office Tenth and Market; telephone ?juth 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse, S4O Mission st. i tel. Mint 1321.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S4ttK>T PARTNER in'hoteT'with grillroom;
150 rooms; long lease; $2000 or $2500 cash, bal-
ance on time; a first-class, paying place;
- owner must have industrious man for as-
sistant. Call on WILKE. 7S3V* Market st.
A— CORNER salooi. in wholsale district;
rent $30; lease; no night or Sunday work; ex-
cellent paying; first-class custom. WILKE,
783*4 Market st.
PARTNERSHIP in old established com-
mission business for sale; clears from $200 to
?300 per month; sickness compels partner to
retire. Particulars WILKE. 753 V% Market st.
A— SI3OO— FIRST-CLASS paying resort.-conduct-
ed by ladles, In lively manufacturing and
mining town about SO miles from San Fran-
cisco; 3 elegantly ' furnished parlors, 6 bed-
rooms; dining and music room; piano: rent
$00 per month; no opposition and the cream
of good-paying customers; a rare opening for
the right party. Particulars WILKE.' 783**
Market st.
$800— CORNER grocery and bar with four
fine livlntr rooms; rent $20; choicest location;
first-class paying: owner bought hotel in San
Jose, and must sacrifice; a bargain. Call
WILKE, 753% Market st.
BRANCH bakery and notions: living
rooms; cheap rent; $6 daily. KREDO & CO.,
22V4 Geary st. - . : -
A— s7oo— Partner: milk route and boarding sta-
ble; 200 steady customers; 5 good horses, wa-
gons, buggies. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
A— s2oo; tailoring and cleaning; 35 $1 50 monthly
customers: clears $260 month: old age cause
of pale. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary st. \-~-y.
Fine saloon, with side entrance, near Bald-
win: receipts $35 dally; cheap rent. KREDO
& CO.
$25 PER month for rent; roadside house, with
10 acres vineyard which pays over rent. See
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
L AUG HLIN & CO., 777 Market st. ■
GROCERY and bar; full value in stock. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$10.C00— GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
perous country town; stock by Inventory; re-
tiring. Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
LIST YOUR STORE
OR BUSINESS PLACE WITH ME
I CAN SELL FOR CASH
HAVE BUYERS WAITING ....
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp Fifth.
CORNER grocery and bar; 3 blocks from
Market; cheap rent: good chance for busi-
nes man. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market.
$175— GREAT bargain; cigars, notions, etc. ; 3
rooms; really cheap at $250; call to-day.
RAND & CO., 917 Market st.
SMALL business: good trade: must sell: owner
having other business. THE REYNOLDS
CO., 35 Third st. j
FOR SALE— In a healthy farming locality, a
blacksmith shop and tools, a comfortable
dwelling, good barn, chicken house, etc., an
■ rchard, a water capacity which pays a net
profit of $15 per month; blacksmith business
clears from $1800 to $2000 annually: books
subject to inspection: object retiring. Ad-
dress R. H. CLARK. Gonzales, Monterey
County. Cal. _•
$325— LARGE lot 44:6x103:6, near Sunnyside; 2
car lines: perfectly level: new cottage oppo-
site; positive bargain. 21 Powell St., rooms
I and 2.
PARTNER by a clairvoyant and physical me-
dium; small capital.. Box 1247. Call office.
PARTNER wanted for office business; good
proposition to right party. Box 1266, Call.
3-CHAIR barber shop; established 7 years; $150;
must be sold; ill health. Bos 1296, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a country saloon; not above
$400; no agents. Box 938. Call office. -
BARBER wanted to buy barber fixtures; very
cheap. Apply to 170 Shipley st.
$4000, WORTH $5000— A beautiful, home; newly
furnished; 5 rooms and baths; nice garden
! and summer-house; large basement, floored;
brick foundation: lot 50x120; Ocean View;
must be sold owing to departure of owner.
Address box 997, Call office.
$4000— RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PERNAU
BROS., 543 Clay Bt., San Francisco.
$1500 PARTY with that amount of money can
secure a good business opportunity in the
wood working line; also house and lot with
income rent of $19 per month, besides two
living rooms with workshop free; also ma-
chinery and tools. Inquire at Call office.
MAN with $250 wanted In enterprising busi-
ness; large profits; stock given as security or
interest in business and vice-presidency. Call
room 20, 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
BARBERS Investigate; good 15c shop; two
chairs, clearing $90 per month; leivse; good
clear trade: no reasonable offer refused. • Ml.. .
" Telegraph aye., Oakland. ■• -■ *
GOOD bakery; only store trade; cash business; !
good location; fine chance for baker. Apply
Call office.
FINE grocery and bar for sale: rare chance;
Al business. Box 1259, Call office. - ; v
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second St., near Folsom.
GOOD chance; saloon and lodging-house, with
15 furnished rooms. 130 Fourth st.
$50 ONLY, on account rt sickness; candy and
notion store: bargain. Box 1140, Call office.
$500 — BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 furnished
rooms; 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
ing. Address M. J.,box i. Call office, Oakland.
ELVER A dining parlors; account of other
business; first-class condition. 417 Mason.
SALOON; old established; No. 1 location;
in Salinas City, Cal; must be sold at once.
Address F. F. G., P. O. box 184, Salinas City.
GOOD paying saloon on San Bruno road; cause
of selling, retiring from business. Inquire
1796 San Bruno road.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale on account
of sickness. 118 Second St.. NW. cor. Minna.
$1050— grocery & bar In Mission; owner
there 7 years. Addre::. Grocery. 868 Folsom.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
6CHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
V. r . CASWELL & CO.'H. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
18-room house; worth $1000 $ 450
20-room house on Kearny st.; offer wanted.
21-room house; clears $185; only 850
60-room house, rent $75 750
38 rooms; corner; $300 cash 1,000
18 rooms, on California st 400
29 rooms; near the Palace Hotel 1,500
10 rooms; on Jessie st 250
25 rooms; sunny corner 1,100
15-room house; clears $100.. 500
21-room house; central ; clears $150 550
32-room house; best in- the city 1,000
12-room house; worth $SOO 300
50-room hou»e; worth $8000 3.0C0
15-room house; on Sutter st 450
24-room house; clears $150 1,400
20-room house; worth $1000 400
60 other houses,. from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
Money to loan on any house———
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO 22% GEARY ST.
II rooms; fine residence; Geary St.; all
new; clears $60 monthly; must sell $600
14 rooms: bay-window corner; central and
desirable; clears $100 month 860
60 room«; best on Geary St.; clears $160;
nothing better ever offered.. 2000
Several Targe houses to exchange for realty.
A— SI ROOMS; south of Market St.; fine.... 53200
14 rooms; near Call building; new 525
31 rooms; transient; Market 5t............ 850
20 rooms; select; transient; c0rner........ 650
45 rooms; elegant; furnished 1500
v F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
$400— LODGING house, 10 rooms and bath; all
rented: elegant location; 2 car lines pass
door. JONES _ SEARLL, 865 Market St.
$225— LODGING house; 11 rooms: splendid loca-
tion; close Van Ness aye.: furniture and car-
peta good. JONES & SEARLL, 866 Market st.
LODGING house; bargain on account of de-
parture. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market.
12-ROOM house; worth $500; north of Mar-
ket; must sell. BASILE. 873^ Market st.
$475— G00D paying 16-room house; a bargain;
good reason for selling. 127 Turk st.
SO ROOMS; best paying house in city: part
cash; cheap. 105 New Montgomery st. "
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for 4 rooms. Call between 1 and
4 at 1250 Waller st. *
LOST. . ~~
LOST— September 5, in Oakland, between Hotel
Metropole and Tenth and Broadway a
woman's folding purse; was a keepsake. A 1A 1
reward of $20 will be paid If finder will re-
turn same at once to Metropole.
LOST— terrier bitch; side head and ears
black and tan mixed; nlated chain collar
Return Merchants' Oakland and San Fran-
cisco Express, 1 Spear st. ; liberal reward-
no questions. •
CERTIFICATE , deposit $300, Crocker- Wool-
worth National Bank, San Francisco No
26,038; dated June 14, 1898. Return to above
• bank and receive reward. JOE D. BIDDLE.
TWO Italian bank books, 1 yellow and 1
green. .G. BIBONTI, care ; Fugasl & Co 6
Montgomery aye. ; reward. '"
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of 'JANE • PAUL; No. 169-982. The I
finder will please return to bank. |
,;, . PHYSICIANS. . ~~~ i
DR. C. C. L O'DONNELL office and residence,
1206 Market;. diseases or women a specialty.
THE PAN IKAJN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath in good order;
north side. 252 O'Farrell st.
WASHINGTON, 926—7 rooms; bath; $25; own-
er's daughter to live with family. J. C.
WAGNER, 323 Grant aye. '
WE can rent you a house- with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
6 vi him house, Madison »▼»., near Harrison
ami Fifth; rent cheap. J. McCANN, grocer.
$26—2726 Minion, 9 rooms and bath; modern
improvements; large basement.
3 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter: 5-room cottage, 2405
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOLSOM, 232 C —Cottage, 7 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20.
TWENTIETH, 4437— Modern cottage for rent;
7 rooms, bath and laundry; $20.
FLATS TO LET.
CHATTANOOGA. 211— Lower flat, containing 5
rooms, bath; patent closet; stationary wash-
tub: large chicken yard; all in good order;
rent $8, water free. Apply on premises or to
MADISON & UUKKE.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DUPONT, 1903, near Chestnut— Lower flat, con-
taining 3 rooms; newly papered; rent $7; key
at corner store. Apply to MADISON &
BURKE.
FLAT of 4 rooms and stable: rent $16. 1 Isis
St., between Twelfth and Thirteenth. Folsom
and Harrison.
FLAT of 4 rooms; bay-window and bath. 716
Natoma St.. bet. Bth and 9th: $12.
FLAT 6 rooms. $14; also cottage 4 rooms. 623
Second st. ; Rlncon avenue.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat: 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hall; $28.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper fiat of 5 rooms;
modern Improvements; sun; rent $16.
LOWER flat, 3 rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkin st.
NATOMA, 542— Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms, $14;
water and garbage paid.
NEW modern flats, S and 6 rooms; baths. 151
Valenciat st.
NOB HILL flat. opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath,
$35. 720 Powell st.
SUNNY corner bay-window flat; 7 rooms, bath;
cheap. NE. corner Dolores and 15th stß.
THIRD and Perry— New 5-room; bath; cellar.
Key 417H Third st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 SPLENDID flats; 5 rooms, bath; reasonable.
234 Day St., between Church and Sanchez.
3-ROOM flat. Inquire at 352 McAllister st.
$10 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom st.. near
Fourth.
514 — TO let— Corner flat of 5 rooms and bath.
3838 Twenty-sixth st.. i^enr Capp.
800 ms^fohThoit se kee ping. ~~
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week: suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 5C2 Mis-
sion St.. between First and Second sts.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window
suites; 2 or 3 sunny rooms: gas or wood.
CALIFORNIA, 1235— Three unfurnished rooms;
light: very desirable.
CAPP, 708—3 sunny rooms, clean, neatly fur-
nished; housekeeping.
CLEMENTINA, 707, corner Eighth— Front
rooms complete housekeeping, with bath and
laundry room, $8 to $in.
EDDY, 453. near Leavenworth— Hay-wlr.dow, 3
unfurnished rooms In new flat; reasonable.
EIGHTH, 111—2 nice furnished front rooms and
1 back room.
ERIE, 47, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth
—3 clean furnished rooms for housekeeping;
garden.
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 974 — Runny housekeeping rooms, dou-
ble and single; all conveniences; $1 up;
changed hands.
GOLDEN GATE ate., 40t^BiTy-window parlor
floor for 2 or 4; gas range, bath, etc.; $25.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
sunny rooms: also hounekpg; cheap; transient.
HOWARD, 106S — A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others, $S; single, $4 mo.
I.F.AYKNWnnTH, 811. near Sutter— 3 sunny
rooms, stove; housekeeping; young couple;
references ; $10.
MISSION, 834 — 2 large sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping, $14; also one for $8.
MISSION, 968— 1 or 2 rooms, furnishedT~house^
keeping; cheap.
MISSION, 923H— Completely furaißhed sunny
housekeeping rooms; regular kitchen.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
NOE, 151—2 pleasant front rooms, large kitchen,
coal range, linoleum, tubs, bath, yard; $11.
octavia, 1403, corner Qeary Bunny front
rooms; mantel; kitchen; gas stove; $13.
POINT LOBOS aye., 2120—2 and 3 su-ny fur-
nished housekpg rooms; $10 and $32; no child.
RUSS, 149 — Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
pretty home for party without children.
SCOTT, 113— Two large partly furnished con-
necting rooms and alcove; bath, etc.
SHIPLEY, 2*9 — 4 rooms, $6; no children; no
animals.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— 2 or 3 rooms.
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD. 309— Large furnished room light house-
keeping, $6; single front room, $5.
TT'KK, "43- Sunny bMroom lnnil klt'-hen com-
plete for housekpg; gas; gdp stove; bath; $14.
TWELFTH. 145 — Sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3166. near Howard— Two
front parlors; use of kitchen; no children.
VALENCIA, 1154, near 22d— Large sunny front
alcove room and separate kitchen: also con-
necting rooms; bath, closets and sinks.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call!
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th & Washington.
ROOMS '--O LET.
A— 734 PlNE— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; gas; $6 month; gent only.
A— STOCKTON. *42 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 117 Kearny St.— PleasanT
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-clasa
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water.
BALBOA, The. 1295 Market. opnoslte~Jones~^
Rooms, 50 cents; suites, $1 per day; lower
by the week; country trade solicited.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. 2 blocks from Palace
Hotel; elegantly furnished rooms; families
and gentlemen; all conveniences.
DELAWARE, 1483 Market— Furnished or un-
furnlehed single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 118— Pleasant front room; also others;
$6 up: sunny housekeeping suites cheap-
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
EDDY, 818— Newly furnished sunny suite and
single rooms; private family; quiet.
ELLIS, 611— Large front double room; nice
home for 2 or 3 gents; other rooms.
FOLSOM, 883— Large sunny bedroom adjoining
coiy kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, Bs6— Elegant sunny front parlor; also
suites; privilege hkp.; other rms; gas; bath.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25a To
J] ; week, $l t.: »4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Bay-window parlor
floor for 3 or 4; complete; gas range; bath
etc., $25.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Haventb and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming-bouse; $1 GO to 18 per week.
HILLSDALE, 33 Sixth St.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for 3 gents; reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER. 1001 Sutter^ Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWARD, 761H— Nicely furnished sunny~bay^
window and other rooms; mouerate.
HYDE, 232— Newly furnished front sunny
rooms from $6 per month up; all conveniences.
JESSIE, 164, corner Annie— Sunny rooms; single
$1; double $150 week; also housekeeping.
KEARNY, 326— Furnished room; use of parlor;
gentleman or man and wife; private family;
cheap. Inquire ehoestore.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
MASON 225— A sunny bay-window room, nice-
ly furnished, $1 50 up; day, week or month.
MISSION 806, near Fourth— 2 parlors, suit-
able for doctor or couple; hkpg privilege.
NATOMA, 207, near Third— Nice large sunny
front room.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator: electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FAKRELL. 589— Nicely furnished rooms; $5
to $8 per month.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture- elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms: bath and gas: rent reasonable.
POLK, 607— Furnished rooms; running water;
sunny; also housekpg rooms; rent reasonable.
POST, 622 Changed haftds, renovated; newly
and 'elegantly furnished: single or en suite.
MRS. J. A. CALHOUN, formerly of Waldorf.
POWELL 207— Furnished sunny rooms; single
or en suite; $1 50 upward; running water: gas.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House) —
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SH< >TWELL, 465, near Nineteenth — Unfur-
nished large front bay-window sunny room;
private family.
SUTTER, 30S( — Nicely furnished rooms; also
other rooms: terms reasonable.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market st.. opp. Gough
—House newly furnished: single rooms or
suits: two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
VALENCIA, 306— Front sunny alcove room;
olbsttt; grate; modern conveniences; private
family.
ROOMS AND BOA«I).
A^WrTSFORDTThe—
Broadway and Polk sts.; quiet, homelike;
terms moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
EDDY, 500 — Large sunny front room, suitable
for 2; gents preferred; others, $20 up, with
board.
EDDY, 502— Nicely furnished, large rooms,
with good board, $20 up; gentlemen preferred.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GEARY, 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 25a.
HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family boarding-
house; first class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISRURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent;
board; hot and cold water: $20; other rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
V_N NEBS aye., 808— Elegant sunny rooms, en
suite and single; superior table; ref. required.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table hoard
CHILDREN ROARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 cblldren to board: good
home and care; near school. 51 Clara st.
CHILDREN boarded; mother's care. 131 Do-
lorss st.
STORES TO LET.
FIFTH, 415— Large store; 3 living rooms; yard;
water free; $14; good shop or store.
LARGE store, four living rooms and basement.
1109 Howard St., near Seventh; rent cheap;
sunny yard.
STORE to let: City Hall square. 7. corner Mar-
kit st.; suitable for any business: rent low.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall; travelers helped without delay: home In
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills.
$1; guaranteed cure, $B. MRS. DR. WYETH,
20S Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. liavles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babi"s adopted: travelers treated: no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1223 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A BOON for the women; women's troubles al-
leviated by the T'tllla wafer; A POSITIVE
COT'NTER AGENT: used externally; results
guaranteed: price $2; Rent by mnil or ex-
press' all correspondence strictly confidential
For sala by the BURTON CHEMICAL CO..
119-121 Ellis st.. S. F.
ALL of Dr. Foulet'a capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills, and capsules, $1; ctfre,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. Y~
obstretrics specialist, offices Hackmtter Hotel,
123 Eddy st., chronic and complicated dis-
eases cured; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained In all cases;
consultation free. Hours, 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. L>R. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 GoT.len Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
MEN, attention; Army & Navy, sure cure:
cures new and old case?: agency, A. & N
Drug Co., 306 Sixth Et., San Francisco. Mail-
ed free on receipt of 75c
DR7~and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OPCOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement by a first-class
German midwife; Infants adopted into good
homes. 615 Turk St., ne»r Larkin.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 28 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 156 Second st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased foi all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
|5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
SteTnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 24 and 30 O^arrell st. Pianos, organ* and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CALLENBERG A VAUPEL. $75; Marshall &
Wendell. $150; Sterling, $185; Vose, $195: easy
payments; guaranteed. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, Chlckerlng Agents, 16-20 O'Farrel! St.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st ; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER ft CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 810, 312 Post st.
$110— A GOOD upright; little used. 2700 Sutler
st., corner of Lyon.
IT costs you $0.5 to see the pianos we rent for
$3 per mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 580 Hayes.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway, nearly
new. $150. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all, W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights. $75 ud'
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St..
next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and now, H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
PERSONALS.
COME In and see my new parlors; room for all
now; hairrlressing. 25c; hair restored to Its
natural color, fl 50 up; good switchee, $1:
finest. $3 of; extra, $5; open Sunday 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton at.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia Is the best hair tonic.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
DR. A. W. McKENZIE has removed his dent-
al office from 115 Kearny st. to the Phelan
building, rooms 106 and 10S.
TWO young ladies can procure good positions
to introduce Egry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS.. Agents. 543 Clay st. ___
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms.
22 r >c to $150 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA, Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 KVarny St.: tel. Green 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISS GILLTGAN, dressmaking and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant aye.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegar.t. stylish dresses. $S
up: dresses made over. 8 Eflfly »t.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR! OMAR! OMAR!
THE OCCULT WONDER.
326 EDDY ST.. 325.
MARVELOUS TESTS.
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart or Husband. —
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc. ; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, buried treasures, etc. ; guaran-
tees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
To unit? the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
OMAR — — — ■■"
Guarantees success in all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence. 325 Eddy St., 320.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. ROMAINE — y ■
The Oriental Seer '
Late of India - — ■
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for: advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated: causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates burled treasures In five
days; never fails. Fees. $1 and $2. Satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for
special terms. Offices, 1206 Market st.
Hours, 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affection*: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire Ufa,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 2«. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. POUTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card remler; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease: full life reailing; la.
BOc; gentssl:palm.andclalr.slt.sl 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards for 25 cents. 221
Sixth st.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortune by planets: pre-
dicted in 74 overdue steamers. 23H 6th, room 3.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at Sl5 O'Farrell it.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS?~jT~jT" WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader and medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
remedies; cancers removed without pain; let-
ters promptly answered; send stamp for re-
ply; sittings, $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 2oc. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. M 214 Sixth «t.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st.: read-
Ings. II: cir. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. : Men. 8: 2Sc.
HYPNOTISM
S. F. College Therapeutics, 305 Larkln at..
open day and eve. for patients and pupils.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches and special course for civil service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship, $£0; low
rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. B.. Fel-
l'iw in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. 811 Leav-
enworth, nr. Sutter; prl. tuition; voice cult.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lcijisle; lessons, 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION- and oratory: F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg., 12.1 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespenre
OlagßCg; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1231 Bush.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate whpn you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$3 50 up; gold fillings. $1 up; silver, 50c up;
bridge Work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. DRS. PERRY & CHRISTIE, 8 Mason
St., corner Market; phone. South 781.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. GOc; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market St., be^
tween Third and Fourth— Painless filling, ex-
tracting, crowning and bridging by use of
electricity; plates, $5 up ;filllr.g, 50c up; crowns
aAd bridges, $5 up; extracting, with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine LeelTdentif<£
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O' Fan-ell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; fuU~set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st7~near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling 3 a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk St.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market Bt.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
CARPET CLEANING!
CITY Bteam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 863-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson at.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jesnie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter et.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WOT.COM. Proprietor.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL type writers sold and rented: few partly
used for Bale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35; Callgraph. $15; Yost, 525;
get sample wort SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPESTTjomeTTrTian Francisco. Be to all
parts. of city. ; . "
$200 secures 4-room cottage; balance as rent.
$125 buys fine building lots: rents $6, $8 and
$10 per month. THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa
St., Ocean View.
NICE little sunny new home; 4 rooms and bath;
$100 cash, $15 per month, buys it. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
i $1700— HANDSOME cottage, 4 rooms; bath;
I basement; targe' lot: street work done: H
; cash. Apply "24 North aye.. near Cortland st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
TEXAS lady visiting California wishes to sell
fine Texas ranches from $4 to $20 per acre in
all parts of Texas; would exchange. MRS. P.
T. NORWOOD, 1356 Harrison st.. Oakland.
TO RENT In Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek: 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150
acres land; well watered, wooded; 350 acres
good grain land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch; R. R. facilities:
crops never fail. R. E. Rowland, Orinda Park
FOR Sale— Stock ranch, 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land: remainder grazing, hill
land; abundant feed; well sheltered and
watered; situated In Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Mary«vlHe. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list. .
$6000— 30 ROOMS; hotel; corner lot; an estate;
must be sold; easy terms. E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway, ■ Oakland, Cal. :
OAKLAND * DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAN. 80S 27th st.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. '.OS Eleventh ft. S»<- him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SAN JOSE aye., 2241, Park st. station— Fur-
nished 7- room cottage 6 months; 1 to 4 p. m.
BERKELEY . REAL ESTATE.
$1000 FOR a fine building lot facing the college
grounds; close to Berkeley station; a snap.
$400— A large lot on improved street; 10 min-
utes' walk to depot.
$2SOO— lovely home of 9 rooms, bath, . etc;
corner lot; only 3 blocks from college: a. genu-
ine bargain. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.,
Berkeley.
NEAR the university, In the very best part
of beautiful Berkeley; house of 7 rooms and
bath: large lot; street work all done. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley station.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage;
look at this. Map at G. W. HAIGHT, 220
. Sansome st., S. F. • • ■ ■-, ' '-
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
, Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the -lowest rates.. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. , Co.— Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country; fum. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgage's, estates: city and
ccuntry. J. W. WRIGHT, 63C Market st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cfrtl. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
paid. .
FINANCIAL."
FOREIGN and home capital to invest! SYL*T
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 323 Montgomery st.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership— l, the under-
signed, do hereby certify that I individually
constitute the firm doing business as C. W.
R. FORD & CO., as silk and tailors' trim-
mings merchants; that the principal place of
business of said firm is at 116 Slitter street,
in the City and County of San Francisco, and
that the name of said firm is C. W. R. FORD
& CO.; and that the full name and residence
of the individual member of said firm is the
undersigned, JACOB M. SCHNEIDER. Los
Angles, State of California.
' JACOB M. SCHNEIDER. •
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco— ss. .
On the 9th day of August, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, be-
fore me, W. T. HESS, a notary public in and
for the' said city and county, residing therein,
duly commissioned an.d sworn, personally
appeared JACOB M. SCHNEIDER, known to
me to be the person described in, whose name I
is subscribed to and who executed the an-
nexed instrument, and he acknowledged that
he executed the same.
In witness whereof, I heave hereunto set
my hand and affixed my official seal at my
office in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, the day and year in this certificate first
above written.
[Seal.] W. T. HESS,
Notary public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, 1013
C'.aus Spreckels building.
Indorsed: Filed August 10, IS9S, C. F
CURRY. Clerk. .
By N. E. M AISON, Deputy Clerk.
3IARRIAGE LICENSES. "
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Grisostoml Gleustl and Maria Frevianl.....27-lS
Flrmin Alllgule and Seraphic Recluss 2S-30
Francisco Lucchese and Angiioa Pandolfo.. 3B-16
August K. Holland and Amelia Nielsen.. 1 . '4-19
Adolph C. Nebel and Elsie M. Williams... .3B-33
William Keane and Bridget golfer 31-38
Clement H. Emlen and Clara A. Arnberg..2l-23
John J. Renshaw and Lulu Robinson.. ....2S-27
births-marriages-deathT
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publlcantlon offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
':J BORN.
RIVERS— this city. September 11. 1898, to
the wife of Harry Rivers, a daughter.
SMITH— In this city, September 8. ISPS, to the
wife of George M. Smith, a daughter.
MARRIED.
GEORGE— In this city. August 31
• , 1898, at Trinity Presbyterian Church, by the
Rev. Alexander N. Carson, D.D., Harry
Harding Brann and Lillls Phillips George,
both of San Francisco. !
CULLEN— WHELAN-In this city. September
8. 1898.. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev
Father E. P. Dempsey, . Paul <A. Cullen and
Katherine Whelan, both of San Francisco.
EMERSON— STRICKLAND— 14. 1898,
by the Rev. Dr. Woods; George T. Emerson
and Katie C. Strickland, both of Oakland.
GILMORE— In this city, Septem-
ber 14, 1898, by the Rev. J. P. Dickson. Mc-
Clelland Gilmore and Madeline Johnston,
- - both •of San Francisco. \ v
KELLY— HORAN— In this city, September 11
IS9S, by the ' Rev. - Father Flood, James C
Kelly and May Horan, ._ both of San Fran-
cisco. : '.■■.' ' "•• ■' . ' • ■ • . ; " •
KlPP— TAYLOR— September . 14. . IS9S. by the
Rev. Dr. Woods, George C. Klpp and Emma
' Taylor, » both of San Francisco.
WILLIAMS— In • this city, September
15, 1898, by G. W. F. Cook, . Justice of the
Peace, Adolph C. Nebel and Elsie M. Wll-
' Hams, both of San Francisco.
DIED. ~" " :
" Adler, Benard H. Mead Jr., Charles H.
- Anderson, - Annie M. Mengula, Antonio ■"
Bang, Markus Mizner. Gen. John K.
' Bither, Anthony A. ; Monaghan, Hugh S.
Campe, Mrs. Geshe \ Murphy, Luke
Colton. Hannah E. i"~. Nielsen, Carl C.
Conant. ; Mrs. Lizzie - : O'Donnell, Jane '■
Easton, Henrietta S. "' Oman. Ann
: Fagan, ■ Margaret " . Ruge, ' George
: Griffin,' Mrs. L. R. Silva. . Mamie '
•Hart, Noah - ,:-.-'■ Stephenson Elizabeth
' Hllderbrand,, , Henry- Tubb. Mary M.
Huber. Sebastian Wachenheimer. Amo-
" McCann, : Bridget ' E. ', ~ lia :. , . •■. ■?;:■•» •■>-.;'
-: McCormick Rosemary ■ ■-. ":'■',
ADLER— In this city, Benard . 11., . beloved
father of Harry 8., Carrie and 1 Bessie Adler,
a native of Warsaw, Russia, aged 80 years.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1236 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Third and Townsend streets by 11:30 o'clock
train. , Interment, New Salem Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city, September 15. IS9B,
Annie Margaret Anderson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 21 days.
BANG— In this city, September 16, 1898, Mar-
kus Bang, beloved nephew of Martin Sivert-
sen, a native of Norway, aged 21 years 6
months and 3 days.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors cf Theodor Dlerk3. 957 Mission street,
between Filth and Sixth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
BITHER— In this city, September 15. 1898, An-
thony A., infant son of F. L. and Sadie J.
Blther, a native of San Francisco.
CAMPE— Alameda. September 15, 1898, Mrs.
Geshe Campe, beloved wife of John Fred-
erick Campe, and mother of Grace, Bertha,
Henry and the late Frederick Campe, a na-
tive of Baden, Hanover, Germany, aged 44
years 3 months and 21 days.
E7"Frit>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 18, 1898, 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1222 Park avenue. Interment pri-
vate. in I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco,
via 2 clock creek boat. Please omit flowers.
COLTON— In this city. September 15. IS9B,
Hannah E.. beloved wife of Nathaniel Colton,
a native of Prince Edwards Island, aged 44
years.
CONANT— In Alameda. September 14, 1898,
Mrs. Lizzie Conant. beloved wife of B. Hart-
well Conant. a native of Jamaica, Vt.
in7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, Santa Clara avenue, Alameda.
EASTON— In Oakland. September 15. 1898.
Henrietta Stevens, beloved wife of J. B.
Easton of Susanvllle, a native of London,
England, aged 62 years and 7 months.
FAGAN— In Benicia, Cal., September 15. 18!><!,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Edward
P. Fagan, beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late Thomas Maroney, and sister of
Thomas and Lizzie Maroney nnd Mrs. Wil-
liam Archer Jr., a native of Washington, D.
C, aged 27 years and 1 month.
GRIFFIN— In this city, September 15, 1898,
Mrs. L. R. Griffin, mother of Miss Ina Grif-
fin, and sister of Mrs. A. A. Sanderson.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of the crema-
1 tory at Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco.
HART— In this city, September 15. 1898, Noah,
beloved husband of Julia Hart, father of
William Hart of Oakland, and son-in-law of
J. H. Coyler. a native of England, aged 40
years 2 months and 5 days.
HILDERBRAND— In this city, September 13,
1838. Henry, beloved husband of Cecelia Hil-
derbrand. son of Conrad and Susanna Hllder-
brand, and brother of Lillie, George and
Eddie Hilderbrand, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 6 months and 7 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances" are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Sl2 Turk street, between Franklin and
Gough, thence to St. Paulus' Evangelical Lu-
theran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets/where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 10 o'clock, thence by special
train from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets
at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HUBER— this city, September 15, 1898, Se-
bastian, youngest and beloved son of Thada
and Adelheld Huber, and brother of- John,
Joe, Christina and Lena Huber, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 4 days.
McCANN —In this city, September . 15, 1888,
Bridget Elizabeth, beloved wife of James
McCann, mother of Josephine, Willie and
Marguerite McCann, daughter of the late
Joseph and Rebecca Monaghan. and sister
of Mrs. Frank Dunn, Mrs. C. F. Kapp and
Mrs. George Taylor, a native of England,
aged 28 years. ■
K?"Funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 8:15
o'clock, from the parlors of the United
Undertakers' Association, 27 Fifth street,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, where serv-
ices will be held at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCORMICK— At her late residence, 1831 Va-
llejo street, September 13, IS9S, Rosemary G.
McCcrmick, beloved daughter of John "£ and
Mary A., and sister of St. John E.. Charles
M., Ethel and Marshall McCormlck, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years 5 months.
Funeral will take place from her late
residence this day (Friday), at half past
nine o'clock, thence to St. Brlgid's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will ba
celebrated at ten o'clock for the repose of her
soul. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Friends are invited to attend. No flowers.
MEAD— In this city. September 14. 1898, Charles
-H. Mead Jr., beloved husband of the late
Jeanette Mead, and father of the late Nettle
Bogart, a native cf Norwich, Conn., aged 55
years 7 months and 17 days. A member of
California Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F., and
Golden Gate Encampment.
E^Relatlves and friends are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
1219% Golden Gate avenue. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MENGULA— In this city, September 13, 1898,
Antonio, beloved son of Eugenia and the late
Antonio Mengula, and brother of Frank L.,
Lorenzo J. and Madeline M. Mengula, a na-
tive o' San Francisco.
ICTRelatlves and friends are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral this day (Fri-
day), at 9 o'clock, from his late residence.
138 Arlington street, thence to St. Mary' 3
College Church. Mission road, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MIZNER— At his residence in Washington, D.
C, September 8, IS9S, General John Kemp
Mizner. U. S. A., retired, uncle of Mrs. K.
H. Plate of San Jose and Lansing Mizner
Ringwalt of San Francisco.
MONAGHAN— In this city. September 15, 1893,
Hugh S.. beloved son of Hugh and the lata
Margaret Monaghan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 10 months and 2 days.
(tirFriend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2320 Larkln street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. September 14. 1898.
Luke Murphy, beloved brother of Michael
Murphy, a native of the parish of Glemore.
County Kilkenny, Ireland, ac-ed 36 years.
Z^y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NIELSEN— In this city, September 15, 1898,
Carl C. Nielsen, beloved brother " of Johan,
Jorgen, Hans A., Marie and Ludwlg Nielsen
and Mrs. •A. F. Andersen, a native of Den-
mark, aged 23 years 7 months and 6 days.
O'DONNELL— In this city, September 14, 1898,
Jane, wife of the late Hugh O'Donnell, sister
of Mrs. Mary Collins and the late Eugene
McCarthy, and dearly beloved mother of Eu-
gene O'Donnell, a native of Killarney, County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 69 years.
[E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 321 Twenty-ninth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high.
mass will be celebrated for the recore of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. ( Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers. ;.
OMAN— In this city, September 13, 1838, Ann,
beloved wife of Charles Oman, and mother of
Mrs. Mamie C. Byrne and Annie, Charley
D. and Henry Oman, a native of Manchester,
England, aged 46 years 5 months and 12 days.
Friend" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ■ this - day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 222 j First street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
RUGE— In this city, September 15, 1898, George
beloved husband of Anna Eliza Ruge, and
father of George, Henry and the late Anna
Ruge, a native of Schleswlg. Holsteln, Ger-
many, aged 49 years 11 months and 17 days.
SILVA— In this city, September 14, 1 1595, Mamie,
beloved daughter of Samuel and Katie Silva.
and niece lof Patrick • Grady and ■ Mrs. J.
Hlnes, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 531 Dolores street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
STEPHENSON— In Melrose, September 13, 1898,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Robert Stephen-
son, a native of England, aged 73 years and
" 4 months. " .
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day . (Friday), at 1 o'clock, .in Masonia
Hall, Alameda. Interment private.
TUBB— In this city, September 14, 1893. Marjr
Martha, beloved wife of Rev. William H.
Tubb, and mother. of/Penelope V., Laura L-,
Ellen M. C, George A. A., William H. Jr.
"; and mas Floumoy Tuhb, Mrs. John Lad-
dish and Mrs. William Jamleson, a ' native
of Sehweich, . Holstein,*- Germany, aged 55
' years 7 months and 2 days. ■- .
ir3"Frlends and acquaintances , are * respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock sharp, from Beth-
lehem Congregational Church, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.' :
WACHENHEIMER— In this city, September 14.
IS9S,. Amelia War lenhelmer, • beloved mother
:of Mrs>. ~ S. - Relss and Mrs. ; I. Relss, a na-
tive of Germany, aged S4 years.
ICTFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend "the funeral • this day
' (Friday); at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1500 Post street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townnend streets. : . . . . ..
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. S
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALiIER3]
: . ; . 20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. . : |
' ■ Telephone, - South ' SO. '- j
■— mi— m» ■!! ■mi ii iwmiiwi—in
-■H. B. Me A VOY, Manager. ; •. - . ~|
•^ -McAVOY &. Co., |
' FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERB I
1235 Market st, between Bth and Btn. I
Telephone, South 247. I
1112
MOROSCO WILL
BATTLE THE
SHOW TRUST
Temple of Thespia to
Be Revivified.
STRIVE FOR FORMER GLORY
MELBA AND IRVING TO BE
FIRST ATTRACTIONS.
Home of Melodrama Closes January
I—To1 — To Be Splendidly Remodelled
"With a Seating Capacity
of 2900.
jTorosco Is frntngr to try— from a the
atrical standpoint — to make hHtorv re
peat Itself.
With the waning of the present year
tho popular priced Grand Opera-houso
■will close its doors to reopen again on
the fith of toarch as the most beautiful
and high priced theater on the coast.
The aim of the manager is to draw the
•wealth, the patronage and the brilliancy
that marked its earliest career to the
row popular theater, and make It again
the most fashionable house on the
coast.
It is to be an anti-S3 - ndieato and big
production house. The independent actor
or actress who refuses to share with tho
ail-absorbing theatrical syndicate the ma
rr!(in of the profits of a season of
artistic and financial success may book
with Morosco. Then those attractions
which cannot play at the Baldwin on
account of its stage capacities will also
find i pen dates at the new theater.
Harry Moroaco will personally attend
to the booking of attractions, and he has
already secured Mme. Melba and her
grand opera company, which will open the
house. Henry Irving will shortly follow.
' ; ' ni Morosco's attention is
given up entirely to the remodeling of
the theater. Tho auditorium is to be en
tirely refitted, and for that purpose $30,000
will be spent. Three hundred additional
seats, mostly tn the orchestra, will be
added, thereby mrking a seating capac
ity of 2900. No existing theater will
serve as a mod*! for the refitted house,
and the aim of the manager is comfort
and largvr stating capacity, as well as
beauty.
There is not to be a fixed scale of
prices, and admissions will range ac
cording to the attractions offered. When
thp management has no high cl;iss at
traction the theater will remain closed.
Mm.-. Melba, who is to be the opening
attraction at the house, has secured the
refusal of a:i annual operatic Beason for
five consecutive years. The prlma donna
la to briny with her x company of 200
people and an orchestra of sixty mem
bers.
Th.> new theater will be known as the
Grand Opera-house.
ART ASSOCIATION.
Getting Ready for the Annual Fall
Reception and Exhibition.
The annual fall reception and exhibi
tion of the San Francisco Art Associa
tion will begin at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art Thursday evening, Octo
ber 13. Pictures will be received at the
gallery from October 1 to October 8 in
clusive, after which time no exhibits will
be admitted. All works for exhibition
must be submitted to a special commit
tee for acceptance or rejection. No work
that has been publicly exhibited in this
city will be received.
Rules governing the nomination and
election of tho jury of acceptance and
rejection have been formulated. The jury
shn.ll consist of five members, one of
whom shall be a sculptor, to be elected
by ballot at the rooms of the art asso
ciation. To be qualified to nominate,
vote for or act as a juryman of said Jury
one must be a member of the art asso
ciation und an artist who has exhibited
at some former exhibition of equal stand-
Ing. The nominees for tho jury must be
at least twelve in number, and must be
nominated from the artists present, and
the election shall take place at an open
meeting of qualified voters held in the
rooms of the said association not more
than ten days or less than five days be
fore the opening- of the exhibition." The
electors shall have the privilege of vot
ing for not more than five of the nom
inees, and the five nominees receiving the
largest number of votes shall be declared
elected. The jury shall select a hanging
committee of three members.
Th» gallery will be open on October 13
to artist exhibitors only to varnish their
pictures. The reception to members will
take place Thursday evening. October 13.
The public exhibition will commence Fri
day, October 14.
TO INSPECT CHINATOWN.
Board of Health Will Look After the
Women There.
At a meeting of the Board of Health
next Wednesday action will be taken
looking; to an inspection of the quarters
occupied by Chinese women in Chinatown.
Reports have recently been submitted to
the board stating that widespread dis
eases of a most n-.alignant form exist.
Following the raid upon the unclean res
taurants, Chinatown will receive an over
hauling more thorough than it has had
Bince Judge Murr-hy of the Superior Court
Interfered by granting a temporary in
junction against the board over a year
ago.
In ease the Supervisors cut down the
appropriation for the board of Health it
is understood that some forty employes
mostly Inspectors and attaches of the
chemical and food <U-;wrtment, will lose
their Jobs. The Legis'i.ture has provided
that certain health officers shall be main
tained, but allows the Board <>t Health
to "appoint such other employes as may
be deemed necessary." Under this pro
viso the majority of the present force of
inspectors was appointed. Their tenure
of office necessarily depends upon the ac
tion of the Supervisors In appropriating
money for their pay.
Street Paving Work Proposed.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday morning and
decided to report favorably upon the fol
lowing petitions: To allow property
ADVERTISEMENTS.
roiLR
wlfUw I
When our baby boy. was three months old,
he had too milk crust very badly on his head
bo that a.l th« hair cam* out, and itched so
bad, he made it bleed by scratching it. I cot
a cake of Ctjticuha. Soap a*nd a box of Ccti-
cijba (ointment). I applied the Cuticura
and put a V: in cap on his head, and bt/ore I
had used half a box it was entirely cured, aad
his hair commenced tqjrrow out nicely.
lfeb.24,'*«. Mrs. H. P. HOLMES, Ashland. Or.
CvTicrsA Remedies appeal with lrrMwtible force to
mothers, nunea, -ad all caring the care of children. To
know that a tingle application will afford iaitant relief,
permit rat and *l»en, and point te a ipecdr cure in the
lanet torturing. and a, •flouring of «kln and r V alp dUetie*.
with louof hair, and not to u*e thorn it to fail In roar duty.
!>i unor SKix-'I'DBTt'XED Babies and Rest for Tip.cd
JloTiirro fn a warm bath with Cittiocba Soap, and a
alajjle anoiotißg with Coticusa, grcatett of «klu caret.
gold rnroßsrhoQt th« world. Pottih D. ft C. Co i Bosa
flop*., v o*ieo. U»w to Can Bcb/'i Bki« inumm, c*.
ROUNDING UP SOLDIER-ROISTERERS
The Murder of Young Hilderbrand by Walter Rosser on Tuesday Has Resulted
in Stringent Action by the Military Authorities.
owners to grade and macadamize Eighth
avenue, between J rind X streets; to al
low Flinn & Treacy to pave with bitu
men Vincent street, between Green and
Union, and to construct a brick Bewer in
Eighth avanue, between Point Lobos ave
nue and A Btreet ; to direct the Clerk to
advertise for proposals for sweeping and
cleaning the streets for two years.
The committee will report also in favor
of resuming paving work on portion: of
Devisadt-ro, Franklin, Lombard, Colling
wood. Twenty-third, Filhort, Liberty,
Bartlett, Linden. Army, Pierce and Bryant
streets and Second avenue.
SUICIDE OF GEORGE RUGE.
Despondent Over the Death of His
Child He Hanged Himself.
George Ruge, sn loon-keeper, har.ged
himself early yesterday morning in his
place of business. 7, Ellis street. He had
been on watch the night before, and
closed the place at the usual time— 2
o'clock in the morning. His partner,
August Feil, opened the place in the
morning and found Ruge's dead body
hanging by a clothesline attached to a
gas fixture in a room adjoining the bar
room. Ruge had stood upon a small box,
and had kicked the box away after he
had fastened the rope around his neck.
On a slate on the bar was the following
message, written in German:
Gus: When you get here this morning you
will find me dead. Close the door and go to
Captain C. K. Zimmcr, 1007 Mission Btreet. He
will notify my dear wife of my death. Yours
truly, GEORGE RUGE.
Good by.
On the back of a business card was
written the following in English:
SAX FRANCISCO, Sept. 14, !SM.
To the Coroner— Dear Sir: In order to save
you t.it- trouble and tho city the expense I
hereby *tate that I came to my death by my
own hands, so when found, lot my old friend,
Mr. Huhr. take charge of my remains.
GEORGE RUGE.
The deceased lost a child by death about
a month ago, and his wife is precariously
ill. Mr. Feil never heard Ruge talk about
making away with himself, although his
partner was rath<r despondent because of
the death of his offspring and the sick
ness of his wife.
DISCUSSED THE TAX LEVY.
The Buildirg Trades Council Thinks
a Dollar Would Be Sufficient.
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council last night, as soon as the routine
business had been disposed of, the balance
of the evening was given up to a general
discussion of the tax levy.
There are rumors that it will be at
least $2 10, but prominent members who
have made a careful study of the^matter
think that $1 would be sufficient and taat
many projected improvements could t>e
held over for another year. The general
expression was that if the tax levy is high
there will be less building done in the
coming year, and members of the build
ing trades will accordingly suffer. A long
speech was made by the president, P. H.
McCarthy and short ones by W. H.
Wood, J. E. McDougald, W. M. Page, J.
"W. Rose, T. Saunders and others.
The members of tho Building Trades
Council represent over 8000 voters, and
all promise to remember the men who set
the tux levy according to their deeds.
Marriage Bureau Victim.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Grace Allison, of Bain's Matrimonial
Agency, on the charge of grand larceny
preferred against her by H. C. Franks,
the Texan miner, was conrmenced before
Judge Joachlmsen yesterday. Franks was
on the stand and told the story of hib
correspondence with the defendant and
sending her an engagement ring. Franks'
examination could not be concluded as At
torney Humphreys, who represented him,
was not in court and he had several im
portant letters in his possession. The
case was continued until Monday.
Read in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father MacCorry, Dr. R. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rahbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Peychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 1898.
NEW PLANS FOR
CENTRAL FIRE
ALARM OFFICE
Hewitt Petitions the
Supervisors.
ASKS FOR A NEW BUILDING
CHOOSES SITE IN THE CITY
HALL COURT.
Wants $7500 for the Structure and
$68,000 to Secure an Elec
trical Equip
ment.
An objection Is raised by Superintendent
Hewitt of the Fire Alarm and Police Tele
graph to the placing of a central station
in the dome of the City Hall. He will
ask the Supervisors this week to include
LOADING STORES ON THE CONDOR.
The British tramp steamer Condor, under charter to the United States Government, had a narrow escape
at Lombard street wharf Wednesday night. She was moored on the north side of the wharf and about 11
p. m. a strong southerly swell began to roll along the front. About the same time the tide began to ebb and
soon the steamer was almost rolling her green smokestack out. The steamer snapped some of her hawsers
and the wharf was badly wrecked in the struggle.
THE wholesale arrests by both the
civil and the military authorities
of drunken and disorderly soldiers,
as a direct consequence of the
murder of young Ililderbrand. has
caused the class cf offenders to
be more guarded in its conduct since
the tragedy. The police kept an active
outlook last night in the districts where
lawbreakers are usually found.
Walter Rosser, who still seems uncon
cerned, either at the prospect of punish
ment or because of the life he has taken,
was again handcuffed yesterday morning
and cairied before Judge Joachimsen.
General W. H. L. Barnes and Daniel A-
Ryan, his associate in practice, appeared
in his behalf, and the former announced
that he represented Rosser. At General
Barnes' request a continuance was grant
ed by the court until next Tuesday.
Private Charles Goad of the Tennessee
Regiment, who attempted to knife Police
man Colen in "Billy" saloon,
was dismissed by Judge Conlan with a
reprimand. Tho soldier was thoroughly
repentant, and if he keeps his promise ne
will nc-ver look upon the flowing bowl
again. G. W. Hughes of the same com
mand was given a continuance until to
morrow morning by Judge Mogan. He is
charged with carrying concealed weapons.
Albert S. Emmett of the Fifty-Mrst lowa
Regiment, who tried to wreck the Klon
dike saloon at 50ti Dupont street, and who
incidentally assaulted Captain Beyer of
the provost guard, who tried to arrest
him, was fined $20 by Judge Joachimsen.
He was given the alternative of twenty
days in jail. Ed Slater and James Snyder,
who created a disturbance in a saloon at
406 Dupont street, were allowed to go free
by Judge Joachimsen. Their repentance
was so manifest that the policemen who
took them into custody were disinclined to
prosecute them. Both are Tennesseeans.'
The case against Private E. A. Harris, the
Tennessee volunteer who tried to rob a
sandwich man in front of the Tivoli 1 he
ater, was continued until Saturday, 'me
four Tennesseeans who assaulted a win
dow cleaner employed by Johnson, the
Creamerle proprietor, were allowed to de
part from the City Prison yesterday
morning. They had been booked as nlain.
drunks, and their confinement over night
seemed to have brought them to their
senses.
The blotter at the City Prison did not
bear the name of a single soldier yester
day between the hours of 6 a. m. and 8
p. m.
In the tax levy the sum of $7300 for a spec
ial building, to be located in the inner
court at the City Hall buildings, and the
additional sum of $68,000 for the electrical
equipment of the same.
"The dome is not a fit place for a cen
tral atatlon." remarked Mr. Hewitt yes
terday. "The place assigned or it is 300
feet above the ground, and the expense of
putting in an elevator and getting tne
wires and apparatus up there would be
excessive. I have prepared plans for a
station on the ground, in the inner court,
which will cost less and be far preferable.
The building is but one story and a base
ment, the apex of the roof being thirty
feet above the ground. The roof is of
glass, to admit the necessary light. I
provide that it shall be 59x77 feet in di
mensions, so as to allow a ten-foot mar
gin all around between it and the inside
walls of the city buildings. Thus there
will be no obstruction of windows or in
terference with light.
"My project is to place the battery of
2140 storage cells in the basement and
leave the main floor for the instrument
room and offices. There are to be three
instrument boards and one telephone
board. They will be each forty feet long
by ten feet nigh, the material being mar
ble. The recording board will be equipped
for seventy circuits, the charging board
for 76, the service board for 110, the tapper
and gong for 40 and the telephone for
circuits. It will be the finest and most
complete central station of any in the
United States. The present plant is utterly
insufficient. Heretofore I have had to get
along on an insufferably small appropria
tion and have not had money to make
needed extensions of the system. What
the Supervisors wil do this year I cannot
say. 1 have asked for the money and it
has bf-en promised, but the last moment
Is always the critical one with appropria
tions, and I may. be loft out in the cold."
Mrs. Fuhrig Accused.
The Coroner's jury in the case of the
death of Mrs. Anna Eggortsen, wife of
Jacob Eggertsen, returned a verdict yes.
terday to the effect that the cause of
death was malpractice committed by Mrs.
Dora Fuhrig, midwife.
WILD NIGHT
ABOARD THE
TRAMP CONDOR
Ebb Tide and Swells
Make Trouble.
STEEL HAWSERS SNAPPED
LOMBARD STREET WHARF IS
BADLY DAMAGED.
The Chilean Bark Bertha and Ameri
can Bark Lucile Were Nearly
Wrecked in a Collision
Off Flattery.
The tramp steamer Condor was in
trouble at Lombard street wharf last
Wednesday night. In consequence the
vessel's hawsers suffered and a portion
of the wharf way wrecked.
The Condor Is under charter to the
United States Government to carry stores
to Manila. The only inclosed wharf
where a spare berth could be found was
at Lombard street, and there the vessel
had to go to load. The tides run like a
millrace there, and vessels will not use
that wharf unless in an emergency.
About 11 p. m. Wednesday a heavy
swell rolled in through the Golden Gate
and soon the Condor began to feel the
effect of it. Then the tide ebbed, and
that kept her away from the wharf and
gave the steamer more room in which
to roll. At times it looked as though the
big vessel would go clean over, and all
hands were called. The strain on the
hawsers was terrific, and some of them
snapped like pipe stem?. A big steel
hawser was got out, and it carried away
the mooring pile and about twenty feet
of the stringers of the wharf. Other
mooring piles showed signs of giving, so
the captain had the line put clean
across the wharf and securely fastened. |
Even then the steamer was in danger,
and the entire crew was kept on the go !
all night. The ebb tide would catch her '
on the keel, while the swell coming in
another direction Would throw her over '
until she was almost on her beam ends. I
Then she would suddenly right herself
with a jump that would strain the haw
sers almost to the breaking point and
make the wharf groan.
The experience was enough for the cap
tain of the Condor, and yesterday he
moved his vessel from Lombard street
to Howad street wharf, where she will
linish her loading. About 200 tons of
coal is to be put on the Condor's deck
and then she will sail for Manila via
Honolulu. There is some talk of her tak
ing aboard the horses which left hero on
the ship Tacoma at Honolulu. If this is
done it will be a bad move on the part
of the Government. The Tacoma is splen
didly fitted for carrying the animals, and
at this season of the year she will make
better time than the Condor to Manila,
In order to accommodate the horses stalls
will have to be built on the steamer, and
that will cost money. Of course by send
ing the Tacoma home the Government
will save in charter money, but will lose
heavily in horse flesh, as the accommo
dations for the enuines on the Condor
cannot be made what they should be.
The Merchants' Exchange has received
word of what might have been a disas
trous collision. The Chilean bark Ber
tha and the American ship Lucile ran
into each other off Cape Flattery, but
luckily both were able to make the sound.
The Bertha sailed from Moodyville for
Valparaiso on the 13th inst., and the Lu
cile was on her way from San Fran
cisco to Seattle. When ten miles south
of Flattery the two vessels crashed to
gether in a fog. The Bertha was cut
through her catheads and had her bow
sprit carried away. The Luclle lost all
her head gear and was cut through ten
of her planks. She was towed to Seat
tle. The Bertha was leaking badly, and
was taken to Chemanus for repairs.
The British ship Duchalburn, which ar
rived here on August 25, will go to either
Portland or Tacoma to load wheat for
Europe. The prospects for charters do
not seem to be very bright, and the own
ers of the Glenmark evidently think there
is no chance of an improvement. They
are sending the ship in ballast from Port
land to a nitrate port on the west coast
of South America to load nitrate for Eng
land at 30 shillings a ton.
The United States steamer Mohican,
which arrived from Honolulu early Wed
nesday night, is to be overhauled at the
navy yard and will then proceed to Sa
moa.
Reinsurance on the bark George F.
Manson advanced to 90 per cent yester
day in London. All hope for the vessel
has now practically been abandoned.
f _______
Hotel "Dead Beat" Jailed.
Patrick Walsh, who draws a pension of
$30 per month from the Government, was
convicted by Judge Conlan yesterday on.
two charges of defrauding an innkeeper,
and was sent to the County Jail for one
year, being six months on each chargo.
Richard Galbally, 419 Brannan street, and
C. Anderson, 227 Second street, were his
victims, and they testified that he was
a professional "dead beat."
Senator Foraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colonies,
in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
■ ' ■ •■
concert j> < Parisian
Saturday !| Jl fl.fE^l.l^^ ' millinery ■
afternoon. <\ _ \ exhibits
Brack's Boston j! gOOd gOOdS |! in the
J 2 e tra . I weMl back them with oar reputation. mi "^ n .
canton flannel ladies' underwear
A good heavy unbleached 8 l-3c Bea.w Tersev-ribhe.l Mr mor,i«
canton flannel to go out to-day at natural gray ' WkH neck ft
oc yard; closo weave, heavy fleece, b lmv»« mnK tn mat^h thr^V..,,Vv,i
full of wear and warmth and g^od f %^ S 'mix -!Tff ft£
s exXir o s f fa 400 n d g A oo f d a^ 5c ?on- B!^,e* At Hale's G sp^
■ >.•■•••••..(..... i ; .■ T' ; i
apron gingham ladies' hose
Three thousand yards of check One hundred dozen black hose,
apron gingham to be closed out to- made of line Maco cotton. lA/>
day, " blue or brown checks, for 40 gauge, spliced heels and »vJW>
child's dresses or slips, JSI/-> toes, all sizes to go at Pair
ladies' aprons, etc.; none ■?»
s °"": 7' " - Tard j heavy satin ribbon
tUrkSSll tOWeiS Heavy double-faced black satin
Big, heaw Turkish towels, the I ribbon, 4% inches wide, an excellent
thick, absorbent, satisfactory kind, i quality another good ex- *>5C5 C
full of honest goodness, 22x48 i ample of what Hale term -*«v
Inches. What's better than a! sood goods lard
plunge and a brisk rub IQ/-» :'->:,
with a Turkish towel? **?^ tpoffiAf' hf>ltc
Hale's price Each ICdlllcr UClla
J • 1_ '"• j « Plain and fancy leather belts,
swiss embroidered with a heavy harness buckle:
black, tan, brown, green Ckr*
hinnKPirhlPTC or red; about 200 in the lot; ****
lia!lUt\Cl llllt^ a snap Each
Neat little scalloped-edge ker-
chiefs. 'Twas a drummer's sample A careful, conscientious mail order
line, and all are different, g QjL/-» < department ready to serve our out-of-
Neat as wax and every one ■ -* I '■'»•' town patrons. Send for new cata-
new Each ' logue.
news in the bazaar.
Two packages of toilet paper for ■ 5c
A box of writing paper and envelopes for 5c
Twe cakes' of soap for 5c
Two-ounce bottle of vaseline for 5c
An eight-foot stepladder for ;$1 00
I Galvanized washtub, 20x12 inches, for Gsc
Wire meat safes, plenty big OOc
Bissell's "Grand Rapids" carpet sweepers $2 5O
Interesting exhibits of Autumn Millinery and Dress Goods. A
welcome to all and none asked to buy.
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
CLOSING SCENES OF
THE CUBAN CAMPAIGN
SOLDIERS' RETURN SEEN BY
WILLIAM GREER HARRISON.
Lieutenant C. L. Bent Had a Close
Call — The Patients Now in a
Boston Hospital and
Convalescing.
William Greer Harrison returned to the
city last evening. He was absent several
weeks attending to business affairs in
New York, Boston and Chicago. In New
York he observed that thousands of peo
ple went to see the battleship Oregon,
and he noted also that the famous ship
was spoken of whenever the achievements
of the United States navy were discussed.
Officers and enlisted men of the First
United States Infantry, returning from
Santiago, arrived at Montauk Point while
Mr. Harrison was in the East. Many of
the men were prostrated with the fever
and much emaciated. Lieutenant Charles
L. Bent, who was on the balance be
tween life and death, is now convalescing,
and may recover his health within six
months. Mrs. Bent left her home In Ala
rneda to join her husband as soon as she
was advised of his illness. She arrived
in Boston in time to render the most val
uable aid to the patient's recovery. Dr.
Daggett of New Haven, a brother-in-law
of the officer, expected to find Lieutenant
Bent on the Olivette, but he was not
among the officers on that vessel, and
no one seemed able to give definite infor
mation as to his whereabouts. After dili
gent inquiry covering a period of three
days the physician succeeded in locating
the patient. Lieutenant Bent, who was
utterly prostrated by malarial fever and
greatly emaciated, was conveyed to the
Massachusetts General Hospital in Bos
ton. Under the constant care of wife and
physician the officer rounded the danger
point, although it hardly seemed possible
that one so badly wrecked physically
could recover.
In New York Mr. Harrison saw Henry
T. Scott, president of the Union Iron
Works. Mr. Scott was gratified that the
ship-building concern in this city with
wiiich he is identified had received a con
tract for building one of the three big
battleships and three of the torpedo
boat destroyers.
IS IT MISTAKEN IDENTITY?
Curious Case of L. H. Jones, an Elec
trician, Charged With Bur
glary.
A singular case in which burglary is
charged, came up before Judge Joachim
sen yesterday rrr*rnlng\ the complaining
witness swearing positively as to the iden
tity of the man arrested for the crime,
and the latter as positively denying it and
bringing forward two witnesses who
swore that at the time of the alleged
burglary the defendant was with them at
the Bush Street Theater.
On Saturday night about 10 o'clock the
residence of Joseph Heinman, a sales
man at 2023 Sacramento street, was en
tered by a burglar. The servant girl was
the only occupant of the house at the
time. While the housebreaker was going
through* the house Helnman and his wife
and son came home. Heinman stood in
the hallway under the light until his wife
entered their bedroom and turned on the
light there. Just then the burglar made
his appearance and attempted to get past
Heinman. who sought to grapple with
him. The burglar put his hand in his hip
pocket and threatened to blow Heinman's
brains out if he laid hands on him, and
Heinman allowed him to leave.
L. H. Jones, an electrician, in the em
ployment of L. P.. Hetty. 121 Eddy Rtre«t,
was arrested, by Policeman Keys Wednes
day night and charged with the burglary.
In court yesterday Heinman swore that
Jones was the burglar, but his son could
not identify him. Jones brought forward
two reputable witnesses who testified that
he was with them in the Bush Street
Theater Saturday night. The Judge al
lowed Jones to go on his own recognizance
and continued the case until this morning
to enable him to bring his employer as
a witness as to his character.
Claims He Is a Stockholder.
Frank Lester, superintendent of thp At
las Iron Works, was arrested yesterday
on a warrant charging him with felony
embezzlement. The complaining witness
is Secretary Townley of the concern, who
alleges that Lester got a $400 note from
Warren & Malli-y on or about September
6 and used it for his own uses and pur
poses. Lester, who was released on his
own recognizance by Judge Conlan, takes
the position that he Is a large stock
holder in the concern and could do what
he liked with the note.
Manslaughter Verdict Reversed.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
verdict of the lower court In the case of
Jack Aatghini, who was convicted of
manslaughter. The defendant shot and
killed his brother under the supposition,
as he testified, that his relative was a
tramp and intended to do him harm. The
position of the higher court was that .the
accused was cross-examined on matters
not touched upon in his direct examina
tion. Also that actions of the defendant
after the shooting 1 were not testified to
by persons who had known him Inti
mately.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NEW ZEALAND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND, 0.,'
the 31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and
for the year ending: on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and, 6ll of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $1,000,000 04
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,336,850 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 155,425 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 410,936 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 101,874 00
Cash In company's office 1,060 00
Cash in banks 152.283 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ; ....: 7.543 00
Premiums In due course of collection 217,499 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 4,500 00
Rents due and accrued 4,118 00
Total assets $2,493,883 00
V.X.vL LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense $190,856 Oil
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $898,219 00;
reinsurance BO per cent : 449,109 04
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent..... 151,400 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 86,578 00
Total liabilities ..'. $827,943 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for firs
premiums $827,010 00
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 590.997 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 34.914 00
Received for rents 59,293 00
Total Income $1,512,214 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses, (ln-
cluding losses of previous years).. $491,605 00
Net amount paid for marine losses
(Including losses of previous years) 5.82.588 00
Dividends to stockholders 137.500 00
Paid or allowed for commission or .
brokerage 39,52100
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 195.61S 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 13.333 00 .
All other" payments and expenditures. 133.637 00
Total expenditures »l.ffU.S52 00
r ire.
Losses incurred durinar the year $1.074.193 CO
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- |WU»IMWr«
ten during the year.... $1*3,331,194 $1,089,034 TO
Net amount of risks ex- 174.0*0*1 1 «l.nr 00 '
plred during the year.. 1.4.050.01S 1.0T1.517 00
Net amount In force . 1^J51.270.4 S9 | 898.219 00
cember 31. 1597 101.270.459 898.219 00
„__ __ Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- _ ,
ten during the year.... $117,407,175 $7SS.O*S 00 
N ;leTduring° f the a >^; X : H9-967.634 808,6*6 00
y SmE°r U ff r 6 . 1 !?: 24,539,454 151.400 00 .
T LOGAN CAMPBELL, Chairman. '
F. J. BRASSY. Manager.
Riihqcribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of April. 1898. y F. DILLINGHAM.
day oi Apru, united States Consul.
W. P. THOMAS, Manager,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
Office in Company's Building,
312 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. r '
mMWBLTY.
riTHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
: L .Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
' eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'iV experience.
; Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 3
: to3daily;6:3otoS:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
: tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oroddxeu
Or. P. JROSCOE HrNDLTY,
1 2614 Kenrny »t., San Francisco, Cal.
fright's Mian Vegetable Pills
■ Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used : them ■ for over forty years to cur«
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
, TION. | Torpid Liver. • Weak Stomach. Pimple*
; and purify the blood.- •
Grossman's SDBGiflclixtnrßi
, With this remedy persons can cure them-
'■elves without the least exposure, change of
i diet or change in application to business. Th«
1 medicine contains nothing of < the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist (or It.
1 Price. $1 a bottle. .