VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 103.
ELIZABETH OF. AUSTRIA IS
SLAIN BY AN ANARCHIST
EMPRESS IS
STUBBED TO
THE HEART
Terrible Deed Con)n)itted
by an Italian at Geneva,
Switzerland.
One of the Most Popular and Be
loved Women in Europe Ruth
lessly Cut Down by an
Assassii}.
GENEVA, Switzerland, Sept. 10.— The Empress of
Austria was assassinated near the Hotel Beaurivage this
afternoon by an anarchist named Luigi Laochini, who
was arrested. He stabbed her Majesty with an instru
ment supposed to be a triangular file.
It appears that her Majesty was walking from her
hotel to the landing place of the steamer at about 1
o'clock when an Italian anarchist suddenly approached
and stabbed her to the heart. The Empress fell, got up
again and was carried to the steamer unconscious.
The boat started, but seeing the Empress had not recov
ered consciousness the captain returned and the Em
press was carried to tne notei tseaurivage, where she
expired.
The stretcher upon which the Em- |
pr'-M whp carried to the hotel was hast- \
ily improvised with oars and sail cloth. I
Doctors and priests were immediately '
summoned and a telegram was sent to
Emperor Francis Joseph.
All efforts to revive her Majesty were
unavailing, and she expired at 3 o'clock. ;
The rrjedtcal examination shows that ,
the assassin must have us%d a small ,
triangular file. The wound was just
over the left breast. There was hardly
any bleeding.
Aft^r striking the blow he ran along
the Rue dcs Alpes, with the evident in
tention of entering the Square Les
Alpes, but before reaching it he was
seized by two cabmen who had wit
nessed the crime. They handed him
over to a boatman and a gendarme,
who conveyed him to the police sta
tion.
The prisoner made no resistance. He
even sang as he walked along, saying,
"I diil it," and "She must be dead."
At the police station he declared that
he was a •starving anarchist, with no
hatred for the poor, but only for the
rich."
Later, when taken to the courthouse
and interrogated by a magistrate in
the presence of three members of the
local government and the police offi
cials, he pretended not to know French,
ar.d refused to answer questioi.s. The
police, on searching him, lound a docu
ment showing his name to be Luigi
Laochinl, born in Paris in 1874, and an
Italian soldier.
A great crowd quickly assembled
around the Hotel Beaurivage, where
the officials proceeded after interrogat
ing the prisoner. The police searched
the scene of the crime for- the weapon
and the accomplices of the assassin.
It appears that a boatman noticed
three persons closely following the Em
press, who was making purchases in
the shops.
The local government, immediately
on receiving the news of her Majeßty's
death, half-masted the flag on the
Hotel de Ville, the municipal office, and
proceeded in a body to the Hotel Beau
rivage as a token of respect. The shops
on the Kursaal were closed.
The assassin told the magistrate that
he came to Geneva In order to assassi
nate "another important person," but
h; d been unable to execute the project.
The reason of his failure he did not
give, but he declared that it was only
by accident he had learned of the pres
ence of the Austrian Empress in Ge
neva.
The assassin, on being interrogated
by the magistrate, said he came to
Geneva with the intention of killing
the Due d'Orleans, but the latter had
already left. He foKowed the Due to
Evian, about 25 miles north of Geneva,
on the lake, where he was again un
successful. He then returned to Gene
va and learned of the arrival of the
Empress. Yesterday he dogged her
footsteps, but found no opportunity to
carry out his purpone, though he
watched the Hotel Beaurivage all day.
This afternoon about half past 1
o'clock, he said, he saw the valet of the
Empress leaving the hotel and going
toward the landing. He inferred from
this that the Empress "vas going to
take the steamboat and he hid him
self behind a tree on the quay with the
knife concealed in his rigkt hand. In
v f*w minutes the Empress, accompa
nied by her lady of honor, appeared
and the assassin struck the knife home.
Urn coalesced that he has jeen an an
The San Francisco Call
archlst since he was 13 years of age.
"If all anarchists did their duty as
I have done mine," he said, "bourgeoise
society would soon disappear."
He admitted that he" knew the crime
was useless, but said he committed It
for "the sake of example.''
In spite ' of minute searching, the
weapon of the murderer has not been
found. Dense crowds still surround
the Hotel Beaurivage this evening.
SWISS OFFICIALS
HORRIFIED BY THE
FEARFUL CRIME
BERNE, Switzerland, Sept. 10.—An
other account of the assassination of
the Empress of Austria says: After
having been stabbed from behind the
Empress rose and walked on board the
steamer, where she fell fainting. The
captain did not wish to put off from the
quay, but did so at the request of the
Empress and her suite, there being no
apprehension that she was seriously
hurt. The steamer was turned back,
however, before it reached the open
lake, and the Empress, unconscious,
was carried to the hotel on a stretcher.
The Empress had been stopping at the
Hotel Beaurivage for several days.
The President of Switzerland , and
other members of the Government were
stunned with horror and grief when the
news reached the palace that the Em
press, so beloved by all Europeans, had
fallen a victim to an assassin within
the borders of their country. They im
mediately arranged to hold an extraor
dinary Federal Council on Sunday
morning in order to consider the meas
ures to take against the assassin.
The latter must be tried according to
the statutes of the Canton, which for-
bid capital punishment, and makes life
Imprisonment the most severe penalty
which can be imposed. When the Aus
trian Minister, Count Kuerfstein, was
Informed of the tragedy, he hurried to
the palace and was met with expres
sions of the utmost sympathy. So soon
as a special train could be arranged the
Minister started for Geneva, accom
panied by the Deputy Prosecutor Gen
eral, who took up the case at once, his
chief being on a vacation. He will hold
a preliminary inquiry at Geneva to
night or as soon as possible, and re
turn to-morrow in order to report to
the federal council.
The federal authorities had been in
formed of the visit of the Empress,
and they notified the Governors of the
Canton the Empress expected to visit,
instructing them to take special po
lice measures for her comfort and safe
ty if it appeared necessary. They were
not notified of her Majesty's intention
to visit Geneva, nor were the local of
ficials there aware of her presence, as
she was traveling incognito. The po
lice are not blamed, though the circum
stances responsible for the lack of pre
cautions are widely regretted. All
Switzerland is profoundly stirred with
sorrow and indignation. The papers in
all the cities have printed extra edi
tions expressing horror of the crime.
INDESCRIBABLE
GRIEF OVERPOWERS
AUSTRIA'S PEOPLE
VIENNA, Sept. 10.— The news of the
assassination became known here
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11; 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
EMPRESS ELIZABETH OF AUSTRIA, THE VICTIM OF AN ANARCHIST ASSASSIN.
shortly before 6 o'clock. It spread like
lightning. The streets were suddenly
filled with multitudes of people, many
of them becoming impassable for vehi
cles.
Extra editions were issued by all the
papers. Many Viennese considered the
report incredible until the semi-official
Wiener Abend Post appeared, confirm
ing the statements of the other papers.
All the papers accompanied the an
nouncement with warm tributes to the
Empress. They were eagerly snatched
from the hands of the sellers and were
read aloud to groups of citizens.
An Indescribable grief overpowers the
the people. The performances at the
court theatres and the jubilee exhibi
tion have been canceled.
Emperor Francis Joseph received the
news at Schoenbruhn. His Majesty's
journey to attend the maneuvers at
Zips, Hungary, was, of course, aban
doned.
All the theaters here and in the pro
vincial towns are closed.
The extra edition of the Weiner
Abend Post appeared with black bor
ders. It expresses the universal sorrow
felt at the loss of the noble Empress,
whose life was one long case of philan
throphy, adding: "She had gone
abroad in order to obtain fresh strength
but only to become the victim of a
wicked and mad attack."
It concludes with an expression of
"sincere sympathy with the Emperor,
upon whose beloved head such grief
has fallen in the year of his jubilee."
THOUGHT A THIEF
HAD ASSAILED HER
PARIS, Sept. 11.— The Figaro states
that the weapon used by the assassin
of the Empress of Austria was found
in the lake. It was a three-sided file,
very slender and sharp. The postmor
tem examination showed one almost
imperceptible wound, the file having 1
penetrated the heart and not causing
exterior bleeding. The Empress, it
seems, only supposed that she had re
ceived a violent blow. At first she
maintained great coolness. When asked
if she wished to return to the hotel she
replied: "No; he only struck me on the
breast and doubtless wished to steal
my watch."
The assassin made a complete con
fession, adding that he regrets that the
death penalty does not exist in the,
Canton where the tragedy occurred.
The Geneva police believe that they
are on the track of two accomplices of
the assassin.
FEARS FOR THE EFFECT
ON FRANCIS JOSEPH
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Grave fearß are
expressed here regarding the effect
which the assassination of the Empress
of Austria may have upon the Em
peror, whose health has never recov
ered from the blow of Crown Prince
Rudolph's tragic death. It is known
that hiß Majesty has been very feeble
of late.
GREAT SENSATION AT
THE FRENCH CAPITAL
LONDON, Sept. 11.— A special dis-
patch to the Sunday Times from Paris
says: The assassination of the Em
press Elizabeth of Austria has created
an immense sensation in the French
capital, where the sympathy of the
people is all the greater because it is
remembered that her sister, the
Duchess D'Alencon, perished in the ter
rible charity bazaar fire last year. Her
other sister, the former Queen of Na
ples, has resided in Paris since the
death of her husband, and the mur
dered Empress was a frequent visitor
here and familiar to Parisians. Sym
pathetic crowds gathered near the Aus
trian Embassy soon after the sad news
began to spread through the city.
The Vienna correspondent of the Ob
server says: When Count Goluchow
skl, the Austro-Hungari&n Foreign
Minister, communicated the news to
the Emperor the latter sank speechless
into a chair and remained for a long
time motionless. The remains of th*
Empress will be brought to Vienna at
once for a state funeral. The Emperor
Is reported to have said: "Shall I not
be freed from grief and pain In this
world?"
M'KINLEY'S MESSAGE
TENDERING SYMPATHY
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The fol
lowing message has been received at
the State Department:
"GENEVA, Sept. 10.— The Empress
of Austria has Just been assassinated
here by an Italian anarchist.
"RIGLEY, Consul."
Upon receipt of Consul Rigley's noti
fication of the death of the Empress,
President McKinley sent the following
message of condolence:
"EXECUTIVE MANSION, WASH
INGTON, Sept. 10.— To his Majesty, the
Emperor of Austria, Vienna: I nave
heard with profound regret of the as
sassination of her Majesty, the Em
press of Austria, while at Geneva, and
tender to your Majesty the deep sympa
thy of the Government and people of
the United. States.
"WILLIAM McKINLEY."
AUSTRIAN EMBASSADOR
COMPLETELY OVERCOME
NEW LONDON, Conn., Sept. 10.— The
news of the assassination of the Em
press of Austria first reached Embas
sador Hengelmuller, who, with his
suite, has been spending the summer
here. The Embassador was seen at
his cottage at Pequot, and when told
of the tragedy was completely over
come. He declined to be interviewed
on. the subject at present.
HUNGARIANS WEEP
IN THE STREETS
BUDAPEST, Hungary, Sept. 10—
The news of the assassination of the
Queen of Hungary and Empress of
Austria was received here with con
sternation. Men and women were seen
weeping in the streets. Everywhere
mourning banners were displayed.
The Hungarian Diet will 'be convened
In special session to-morrow.
DEATH SCENE
OF THE EMPRESS
WAS TRAGIC
Staggers Aboard the Boat and Is
Quickly Carried to a
Hotel.
When the Beloved Sovereign Breathed Her
Last Those Present Koelt in
Prayer.
Special Cable to The Call and the sew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Sept. 11.— The Figaro pub
lishes this morning the following from
Geneva: The Tribune de Geneva pub
lished an interview with M. Teisset,
a merchant member of the Chamber
of Commerce at Clermont-Ferrand,
who was an eyewitness of the death
scene of the Empress Elizabeth of
Austria. Accompanied by a party be
went on board the steamer at Geneva
at 20 minutes to 2 o'clock p. m.
He was exchanging a few words
with the captain on deck when a lady
came forward, walking with difficul
ty and supported by another lady. M.
Teisset, without knowing who the
lady was, took her in his arms, carried
her across the deck and seated her on
a bench. The lady then opened her
eyes and gave him a look of grati
tude. M. Teisset left the boat and re
turned to the Hotel Beaurivage. A
short time afterward messengers came
up shouting that the steamer had re
turned and a misfortune happened.
M. Teiaset ran to ask Dr. Golay to
go to the landing 1 stage as his services
would profoably be required. Captain
Roux had already given all attention
to the Empress, who was accompanied
only by one lady In waiting and a
servant.
Gebel, the pilot of the boat, had cut
the stays of the Empress and found a
very small wound only one centimeter
In width above the left breast from
which issued only two or three drops
of blood.
The lady in waiting asked the Em
press, who for a moment regained con
sciousness, "Are you suffering?"
The reply was "No."
Captain Roux then brought the ves
sel around and made straight for the
landing place. Gebel had a litter al
ready prepared of two bars, four camp
stools and velvet cushions. The Em
press was laid upon it and carried to
the Hotel Beaurivage by Captain
Roux, M. Teisset and two of the crew.
M. Teisset carried her Majesty in his
arms up the stairs to her apartment on
the first floor, which she had just left,
and laid her on a bed.
Dr. Golay, assisted by M. Teisset and
the lady in waiting, and also by a nurse
who was in the hotel, rapidly undressed
her Majesty and endeavored to induce
artificial respiration by friction and
the application of eau de cologne and
vinegar.
All efforts, however, were in vain.
Golay sent for Dr. Mayer, who has
tened to the hotel at the request of
the lady In waiting. A slight incision
was made in the patient's right wrist,
but all was over in a short time.
Before her Majesty's death a par
ish priest had come and administered
extreme unction. Everything possible,
humanly speaking, was done. The
body was laid out by Mme. Mayer.
M. Teisset believes the Empress
breathed her last at the moment he
laid her head on the bed. When her
Majesty's death was announced all
present knelt down in prayer.
The murderer has finally given some
explanation regarding the crime. He
says he came to Geneva to assassinate
some high personage, and he added
that he chiefly had in view the Due
d'Orleans— probably Prince Henri— but
he could not put his scheme into^exe
cution for reasons which he does not
give. It was quite by chance that he
heard that the Empress of Austria was
in Geneva.
HAD PREMONITIONS THAT
HER END WAS NEAR
Became a Changed Woman Since the
Suicide of Her Son
Rudolph.
Of late Empress Elizabeth had fallen
upon the idea that her end was near
and that she would soon die. Since the
death of her son Rudolnh she has built
memorial chapels and monuments
throughout the empire, and thes"e she
visited from time to time as the fancy
seized her.
Her latest employment in this line
was to arrange for her final resting
place at great expense. She had built
at Corfu, upon plans approved by her
self, a magnificent villa, and had chris
tened it "L'Achilleion." To her will she
added a codicil in which she said:
"I wish to be interred at Corfu, near
the sea, so that the waters can con
tinually break on my tomb."
Empress Elizabeth was the daughter
of Maximilian Joseph, Duke of Bavarfa.
She was born December 24, 1837, and
wedded the Emperor in 1854.
For five years, since the tragic sui
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
cide of Prince Rudolph, heir to the
crown of the Hapsburgs, Empress
Elizabeth had been failing both in body
and mind. The decay was so slow as
to be almost imperceptible at ttrst. It
was shown to have grown out of her
grief for the tragic death of her only
son. But the outbreaks of the Em
press and had of late passed the bounds
mere eccentricity, and it was necessary
to keep her in a sense under surveil
lance. She was not crossed or inter
fered with. Her whims were not no
ticed seriously, albeit they were some
times expensive, and she did practically
as she pleased. None the less, she was
lovingly watched and guarded.
Ten years ago the Empress was still
one of the most beautiful women in
Europe, just as her husband, Francis
Joseph, was one of the handsomest men
of his years to be found anywhere. The
Empress was then one of the best
horsewomen of her time. She surprised
even the daring cross-country riders of
England and Ireland when she visited
those countries by her grace, courage
and dash. Of late she was but a
wreck of her former self. Sbe lost her
high spirits, shunned the companion
ship of former favorites and spent her
time in mourning and brooding over the
pasv.
The case of Empress Elizabeth is
markedly pathetic. It may truthfully
be said of her that she was a good
woman, 'Who had done her duty since
she shared with her husband the ruling
of Austria-Hungary. When they were
married it was said of the royal, bride
groom and bride that they were the
handsomest couple in Europe. He was
(as he is still) broad-shouldered and
tall, handsome and frank of face, and
as courteous as a knight of old. She
was fair, vivacious, brilliant in conver
sation, and at the same time with the
dignity of a Queen.
Many changes have occurred since
the marriage of the Princess Elizabeth
to the ruler of Austria, and some of
these have been such as to sadden the"
lives of the Austrian Emperor and Em
press. First the favorite brother of the
Emperor married a dancer. Stripped of
his honors and offices, he bought a mer
chant vessel — he had been trained for
the nayy — and, taking his bride with
him, started in to make his own living
by trading. His ship is supposed to
have gone down at sea. At any rate it
disappeared, and the Archduke is still
among the missing. Then came the hu
miliation of Austria by Germany, and
the Maximilian episode, and finally the
tragedy in which Prince Rudolph
figured. All of these things have served
to make Francis Joseph a melancholy,
much broken man, and the effect upon
his wife has been much more severe.
Even the influence of her husband, who
was devoted to her, and her one mar
ried daughter, the Princess Valeric,
were lost upon her.
About ten years ago, when Empress
Elizabeth became infatuated with the
English sport of fox-hunting, she was
a striking woman in appearance. She
looked much younger than she really
was, and she created a furore in Eng
land. She spoke English like a native,
was unconventional, cordial in manner
and witty. She speedily became popu
lar. Following the hounds was a pas
sion with her. The Empress of Aus
tria was a familiar figure on the hunt
ing field, and, to use a sporting expres
sion, she rode straight. Thefle was no
fence or hedge too high, and no ditch
or water Jump too broad for her. In
her first season she won more praises
for her good riding and her pluck than
for her accomplishments as Empress of
Austria.
In her own court Empress Elizabeth
always displayed these same amiable
qualities. In no court in Europe is eti
quette more strict, in none are the
nobles more proud or more jealous of
their rights and privileges. Even Fran
cis Joseph, an amiable, easy-going
man, has been bound as with hooks of
steel to all the old rules and traditions
of the Hapsburgs, the "Austrian
Caesars," as they proudly call them
selves. Empress Elizabeth showed that
she was able to ride roughshod over
old fogy traditions and unwritten rules.
But she did this with such tact, so
quietly, and yet so thoroughly, that the
old court favorites that had ruled the
roost prior to the coming of the clever
young Empress scarcely knew how it
was that they graduallly fell to the
rear and left their places to be filled
by another coterie younger, more lib
eral, more brilliant and more in accord
with the tastes of the Empress.
The young woman went further. The
old court at Vienna had been more cor
rupt than any other in Europe. It was
a hotbed of scandal. Royal names had
been smirched, and even that of the
Emperor himself was not free from
scandal. The young Empress set her
self to the task of working out re
form in this direction. It was a diffi
cult task. Indeed, itlwas one in which
she could hope to suaceed only In part.
But she accomplished* more than it had
been thought she would, and she made
the court at Vienna more healthy as to
morals than it had ever been in the
past. "What is more, she enlisted good
natured, easy-goinsr Francis Joseph in
her work. He, perhaps, had no real
interest in it or sympathy for it. But
he loved his clever wife with a deep
and abiding love that has never waver
ed and that still abides.
Yet it seems a sort of tragic out- "2
come of Empress Elizabeth's efforts to
purify the Austrian court that there
Bhould still have existed a condition
sufficiently unclean to poison the
morals of her only son, whom she loved
with an idolatrous love, and should
have brought him so deep in dishonor
able intrigue that he could find his way
out of it only in a sensational suicide
In a hunting lodge on his mountain es
tate, hidden away from the outside
world.
Trr« broke the Empress" heart. The
Empress had been ambitious for her
son. She believed be had great abilities
obscured and undeveloped by a life of
pleasure in youth that would be put in
evidence later. Later she saw the weak
Archduke Charles, heir to the throne,
shrink from th" position that awaited
him and transfer his right to the Aus
trian throne to his son, Francis, who is
now destined to be the next Emperor of
Austria.
All these things seared deeply the
heart of the proud and ambitious Em
pri ss. Those who have seen the Em
press recently Bay that she was white
haired, bent and pitiably broken,
though she was yet far from being an
old woman. She took part in court cere
monies in a perfunctory manner. It
was easy to see that she considered her
n life broken.
Perhaps the best side of the charac
ter of Emperor Francis Joseph was
never before so admirably shown as in
his tender, loving guardianship of his
stricken consort. Were she still the
young Empress whose beauty and
grace all Europe once admired, her
husband could not have be*»n more
painstaking and thoughtful In looking
to her comfort.
It was necessary to watch the Em
press closely. Her moods were change
able, and each recurring remembrance
of her unfortunate son led to some out
break, if such an expression may be
used. It might be at midnight and in
a storm when the humor would seize
her t j go and pray in the little chapel
where Prince Rudolph's remains are
laid. The Emperor's orders were that
she must have her way in these whims,
and she had careful attendants wait on
her until th«=se fits of morbid melan
cholia passed over and she became her
self again.
On other occasions she would take a
fancy for journeys into the interior,
and on these occasions a special car
would be prepared, acompanied by offi
cials and attendants, and she would
travel until this fit. too, was spent.
PLOTTED TO KILL
EUROPEAN SOVEREIGNS
PARIS. Sept. 10.— President Faure
pent a telegram of condolence to Em-
VIEW OF A PORTION OF THE CITY OF GENEVA AND STEAMBOAT WHARF NEAR WHERE THE EMPRESS
WAS ASSASSINATED.
peror Francis Joseph upon the receipt
of thf news of the assassination and he
has since countermanded the arrange
ments for the shooting party fixed for
to-morrow.
The police here believe the murder
Is a plot of anarchists, and that the as
sassin is Luccesi. who is wanted by the
Boulogne police as a dangerous anarch
ist. He was implicated in the recent
troubles at Milan, after which he fled
to Zurich. While at Zurich Lucceai
■was present at a meeting of Italian an
archists, when seven were selected, in
cluding Luccesi, to assassinate the
principal European sovereigns, includ
ing the King of Italy.
A French detective who was present
communicated the information to the
Italian Government, and as a result
King Humbert was carefully guarded,
as was M. Faure.
About a week ago another meeting
of the anarchists was held at Zurich
and those who had been selected at the
previous meeting were accused of cow
ardice. Thereupon Luccesi said: "I
will show that I am no coward. I will
kill some one." The following day he
left Zurich and went to Basle.
THIRTY KLONDIKERS
BACK WITH FORTUNES
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 10.— The Tope
ka, which arrived this evening, brought
thirty Klondlkers witth $500,000 in gold.
They came down the Yukon River on the
Columbian. They say many are rushing
out. Two hundred and fifty left on Aug
ust 21 with them.
REfIDY FOR PEACE.
Spares!) Senate Has Adopted
the Protocol.
MADRID. Sept. 10.— The Sen
ate has adopted the Hispano-
American protocol by a sitting
and standing vote.
GUARDING MANILA
AGAINST ATTACK
BY THE REBELS
Persistent F^umors That tf)e Fil
ipinos Intend to Assault
the City.
Major General Otis Seods AmericaQ Troops to
Occupy Strategic Positions in the
Suburbs.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Cable to The Call and the Nevr Yorlc Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by Jances Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Sept. 10.— Persistent ru
mors are in circulation that the idea
of attacking the city is gaining
strength among the rebels, and it is as
serted that some of the leaders are
boldly urging such a plan. Owing to
these reports . General Otis has been
taking precautions to prevent the pos
sibility of such a rising. He has dis
patched strong detachments of Ameri
can troops to occupy strategic posi
tions in the suburbs.
The work of disarming the Filipinos
is being carried on with even greater
energy than before in view of new de
velopments. I do not think, however,
that any attack by Filipinos is prob
able. Such a course at this time, when
the fate of the Philippines will soon be
a subject of discussion at the Paris
conference, would be suicidal. Any at
tack the rebels onuld make with the
forces they could muster now would
be almost certain to be ineffective.
Aguinaldo, despite his efforts to for
tify the position he has assumed as
"dictator," Is beyond doubt losing con
trol over the lawless spirits among the
natives.
The residents of Manila are not at all
alarmed over the intentions of the
rebels. The administration of General
Merrltt prior to his departure for Paris
and the course taken by General Otis
since he has assumed command have
convinced the Inhabitants of Manila
that they can live in complete security
under the protection of the Americans.
OTIS HAS SUFFICIENT
TROOPS FOR HIS NEEDS
War Department Will Execute Its
Plan to Send a Large Garri
son to Honolulu.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Further advices from Major General
Otis shoVing that he is able with his
present force to cope with Aguinaldo
and his forces in case of emergency has
convinced the authorities that there is
no present need of sending reinforce
ments. A dispatch was sent by the
War Department to-day to the Gov
ernor of a Northern State explaining
that in view of present advices there is
no need of the dispatch of additional
troops to Manila,
The department, however, has deter
mined to be prepared, and, therefore,
will execute its plan of stationing a
strong body of troops at Honolulu.
A clerk of the department will ac
company the commission as disbursing
agent, and a number of stenographers
and translators in the employ of the
State Department will be assigned to
duty with the commission.
Neither the ftate Department nor the
French embassy had any information
to-day bearing on the report that the
Madrid Government had directed the
French embassy to make a protest to
the State Department at the action of
the military forces in capturing Manila
after an armistice had been declared.
It 4s presumed that the report grew out
of the intention of the Spanish Govern
ment to Instruct Its representatives on
the Peace Commission to submit such
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
protest to the American representa
tives. Such a protest will meet with
little consideration, however, in view of
many precedents which history fur
nishes.
The authorities appreciate, however,
■ the splendid position this Government
i occupies as the result of the conquest
of the Philippines. Had troops en
tered Manila by courtesy of the pro-
I vision of the peace protocol Spain
| could make a plea for lighter condi
| tions than those which it is proposed to
| demand. However, while the demand
' of the American Commissioners will at
first require the cersion of the island of
| Luzon to the United States, they may
' finally be reduced to the city and bay
of Manila, but equal trade advantages
i with Spain In the islands will be de
: manded, and this, it is thought by the
' President, will place this Government
lln a more satisfactory position than
I would be the case if it were to occupy
; the islands and be compelled to go to
great expense to develop them and
maintain a large standing army to
preserve peace.
GENERAL OTIS CHECKS
PHILIPPINE REBELS
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— A Sun spe
cial from Manila says: The Spanish
have been endeavoring to provoke a
conflict, telling the Filipinos that the
Americans intend to return the islands
to Spain. Many Filipinos believe and
think the Americans' intend to re-es
tablish Spanish power. There has been
much kidnaping, robberies, assaults,
etc. The perpetrators generally were
insurgents in uniform. Information
reached the American authorities that
the Spanish were inciting trouble be
tween the insurgents and Americans.
General Otis determined to stop this
equivocal situation and notified Agui
naldo that the insurgents must with
draw before a fixed date, or he will
use force, as they cannot occupy ter
ritory surrendered to Americans while
not recognized as allies.
A Filipino councilor close to Agui
naldo informed your correspondent that
the insurgents would insist upon re
ceiving assurance of recognition even
at the cost of a conflict with Americans.
The uselessness of such a course beipg
explained to him, he replied: "We can
only die."
Aguinaldo himself said to your cor
respondent yesterday: "When the re
bellion started independence was the
Eole idea of the Filipinos. Since the
Americans have been forced to inter
fere the Filipinos hope to gain some
reward from Americans for their sac
rifices of blood, life and treasure. They
live for the recognition of their lib-
erty."
This is the first public admission
from Aguinaldo that the Filipinos
•would be satisfied with anything less
than absolute independence.
JOCKEY BABRETT DEAD.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10— Jockey Arthur
Barrett, who was thrown in the great
Eastern handicap at Sheepshead Bay this
afternoon, died at the Kings County Hos
pital to-night.
RECEIVER APPOINTED.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 10.— This after
noon Judge Oscar appointed Frank A.
Gibson, cashier of the First National
Bank, to be receiver of the Los Angeles
City Water Company pending decision In
the litigation now under way between the
company and the city. Mr. Gibson was
selected by the attorneys on both sides.
PETTY REVENGE OF
A LOS ANGELES PAPER.
Refuses to Support Gage to Get
Even on Some Personal
Enemies.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 10.— The Dally
Times of this city will to-morrow, under
the heading, "An Initial Mistake," print
the following editorial:
The best and most loyal friends of
Henry T. Gage, Republican nominee for
Governor, note with pained surprise that
he has entered the camp of the enemy to
select his political lieutenants from Los
Angeles, in appointing W. F. X. Parker,
a particularly offensive "push" politician,
and H. Z. Osborne, whose Southern Pa
cific record is notorious, as members of
the executive committee of the Republi
can State Central Committee.
The people of Southern California re
member .or It happened not so long ago
that they have been enabled to forget it)
that W. F. X. Parker, then clerk of the
Mayor of Los Angeles, railroaded through
the City Council a resolution In favor of
Mr. Huntington's private harbor at Santa
Monica and caused it to be telegraphed to
Washington. And they do not forget thai
It was in the office of the Evening Ex
press, then edited and managed by H. Z.
Osborne, that certain bogus petitions were
prepared and sent to Washington in the
interest of the private enterprise of Mr.
Huntington in opposition to the will ot
the people of this section and in contra
vention of the public interests of the na
tion.
Remembering these things, the friends
and admirers of Mr. Gage cannot but
wonder how it is that the Republican
nominee for Governor should have forgot
ten them, and why he should have gone
out of his way to exalt as his campaign
managers two men, at least, who are
known to be subservient tonls and active
allies of the Southern Pacific Company
of Kentucky.
It would 'surely have been possible to
have found among the thousands of vo
ters in Los Angeles County two Repub
li> ans, other than Parker and Osborne, in
whom the gubernatorial nominee might
have reposed his confidence, without giv
ing a slap in the face to the mass of the
people who know these two worthies for
what they really are — remnants
of that Lindleylsm in Los An
geles which the people some time
ago crushed out, as they fondly hoped,
for all time, but which by this recognition
of these two Llndley henchmen has been
galvanized into a semblance of life for the
time being. As is well known, Osborne.
and Parker were cheek by jowl with Her
vey Llndley while the latter was "doing
politics" In Los Angeles, and each of
them was ever ready to do the bidding of
that small boss and his greater boss, the
Southern Pacific Company.
The Times has no ambition to dictate
nor any desire to even suggest whom Mr. I
Oage shall appoint as his political Ueu
tenants and managers, but it does be
lieve that he should not have gone out
or his way to select men who discredited
nis campaign before its commencement.
The claim is being made adroitly by the
Democratic press that the Republican
ticket this year is a "railroad ticket,"
and Mr. Gage, when he deliberately ap
points two pronounced henchmen of the' !
boutnern Paciiic as his campaign mana- :
gers, lends positive strength to that ;
claim and disarms the faithful friends ;
*. no would rejoice to see him elected to !
the office for which he has been nomi- !
nated, and for which end they had hoped
to put forth every effort. y
th^J' v?' on - e> frlend and foe alike, knows
tnat Mr. Gage nas nad no more loyal
in th*"tt » no . mor « enthusiastic admirer
« J. c SStS * ta »s, c than the L os Angeles Times.
wn£^ nd8 Jp that haa been proven by
£n£ dß h,?? d £ eed3 on more than one ocea
ni ° nJI, hen there com es up a question
tL rf?h ° r Wl 2 ng th ! s newspaper is for
tne right, and it ,Bees, Bees it, and will no more
hesitate to criticize a friend for a wrong
or Injudicious act than it would to attack
doctrin^ mm ° n poUtlcal enem y f °r errors of
mv f 'm knO t W Khe Re P ubll can nominee for
a •tlrtinS- J* a masterful and able man; I
f n fn™ P cltizen: a lawyer of unusual at- !
tainments; a man of generally excellent
umfn?^ 11 ' Y 1 i i he has not made a »oS
umental mistake— a mistake that will
cost the Republican State and county
tickets thousands of votes at. the forth
coming election. In making these appoint
ments, then the Times confesses that it
does not recognize a blunder when it
meets the thing meandering along the
street.
It is clearly evident that Mr. Gage has
been imposed upon by his advisers and
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Do You
Like Boils
If you do not, you should take Hood's
Sarsaparilla and it will purify your
blood, cure your bolls and keep your
system free from the poisons which
cause them. The great blood purify-
ing power of Hood's Sarsaparilla is
constantly being demonstrated by its
many marvelous cures.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; 6 for $6.
Hood's Pills cure Sick Headache. 2So.
i don't like
Right now. the popular garment of the day, worn by
the neat, natty and correct dressers, is the hard-twisted,
winter weight blue serge, in that new anl popular shade,
Now we have gone about this
Serge in a manner to make it a
very popular garment. We nave
made it in the Single-breasted
Sack, in a rich shade of marine
blue, but the nice little points
and the prettiness and natti-
ness, that which goes to make
up swell clothes, is in the lin-
ings, trimmings and tailoring*
Were we to tax you $20 for such a suit, you would never hesitate paying it; but for the
on-mint 1 ! imp pic and tn introduce our Fill productions of hi<fh- class tailor-made Garments, in both
Suits and Overcoats, we say for this Marine Blue Serge Suit, but not for many days,
7VVARINE
BLUE.
ELEVEN QiL 1 1 ttdl^% FORTY-FIVE.
9 JL ii^Ev
I******************************************************
Our Winter collections of Men's Fashions are com- *
plete. A glance into our windows to-day will demon- *
strate that. Not alone for men, but for boys, too, little i
tots and big ones.
t ALWAYS i
t KING i
t PIjYS *
t FOR t
« OVER- *
* COATS. }
t **************
ft**************
i&afixrfhe£<k
i 9, 11, 13, 15 KEARNY STREET.
TWO BUILDIXGS— EIGHT FLOORS.
that he has done something in making
these appointments which his friends will
have to made explanations of and apolo
gies for from now until- the day of elec
tion, and if disaster to his cause shall re
sult from this deplorable act, Mr. Gage
and the men who have counseled him to
do this thing alone are to blame.
If Mr. Gage can win his election with
such handicaps as these he will certainly
achieve a victory that will be memorable;
in the political history of the State of Cal- ;
As for the Times, it "will not sit passive
and refrain from protesting when such
acts as these are done; it will not compro
mise with the enemy, and it will not be
gagged by friend or foe. It is to the in
terest cf the Republicaan party" and to
the interest of the State that the
bosses and corruptionists be . de
nounced and their sins made
so plain to the people that they who run
may read, and so long as there are ink
and presses in this establishment the
Times will, prepared for any sacrifice, if
sacrifice be necessary, continue to stand
for the right with a stout heart and a
bold front, leaving to time the vindica
tion of its course.
If a friend be ground between the up
§er and the nether millstones of its con
emnation, however much we may regret
it, It is a misfortune for which we de
cline to accept the responsibility. Mr.
Gage's mistake is his and that of his po
litical advisers, and, as already said,
there the onus must remain if disaster to
the Republican cause shall result.
I.♦ , '
CONFLAGRATION RAGING
IN THE CAPITAL CITY
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 11— Fire broke
out at 2 o'clock this morning in the rear
of Schad Bros.' livery stable on X street,
between Fifth and Sixth. It rapidly
spread to W. S. Frazer's branch lumber
yard, and at this hour (2:30 o'clock) the
stable, lumber yard and several adjoining
dwellings are burning fiercely.
The first alarm was followed by a gen
eral alarm and soon the city's entire fire
department was fighting the flames.
The scene of the fire is one of the busi
ness blocks, and the conflagration is hard
to fight
At this hour the guests of the Berkshire
lodging house, whence this message is be
ing sent by telephone, are packing their
effects preparatory to fleeing before the
advance of the flames, which threaten to
reach the building unless they are soon
checked.
Many of the horses in Schad Bros. 1 sta
ble, which was an expensive affair, have
been Incinerated. The loss, if the blaze
could be checked where it is now, would
exceed $15,000, and the Indications are it
will be several times that amount before
the flames are got under control.
STATE FAIB'S SUCCESS.
Attendance at the Pavilion Is In
creasing Steadily.
SACRAMENTO, Sepj. 10.— The last
night of the first week of the State Fair
witnessed great improvement in the at
tendance at the pavilion. The vaudeville
features are variously regarded, some
holding that they add greatly to the in
terest in the pavilion, while others claim
that the entertainment has th« effect of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
concentrating the people in one end of
the hall, somewhat to the detriment of
the exhibitors elsewhere in the building.
However, this objection doubtless will
not be urged next week, when the at
tendance will be so large as to insure
more even distribution throughout the
building.
Happily the board of agriculture has
done away with the traditional ceremony
of having an annual address delivered,
wh.ch formerly had the effect of making
some public notable realize the impotency
of oratory when in conflict with a brass
band and skirt dance elsewhere in the
building.
THREE SILVER PARTIES
FUSE IN COLORADO
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Sept. 10.—
Fusion between the Democrats, Populists
and the Teller branch of the Silver Re
publicans was accomplished after a
struggle lasting thirty-six hours between
the conference committees of the three
parties. The following is the full fusion
ticket'
Governor— Charles S. Thomas (D.), Den
ver.
Lieutenant Governor— Francis Carney
(Pop ) Ouray.
Secretary "of State— Elmer Beckwith
(Pop.), Boulder.
State Treasurer— J. S. Fessler (Silver
Rep.). Garneld County.
Auditor— G. W. Temple (Sliver Rep.),
Rio Blanco.
Attorney-General —E. C. Campbell
(Pop.), Pueblo.
Superintendent of Public Instruction—
I Helen M. Grenfell (Silver Rep.), Gllpin
I County. _ „ '
Regents of State University— J. E. Mo
', rath (D.), Boulder County; Harold
Thompson (Silver Rep.). El Paso County;
i D. M. Richards (Pop.), Arapahoe County.
Ortega and Turner Draw.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 10.— "Jack" Ortega of
this c!ty and Charles Turner of Stockton
fought a 15-round draw at the Pavilion
to-night before a large crowd. The
fighting was fast and furious throughout.
Turner displayed the most science, but
his antagonist was heavier and a glut
ton for punishment.
JELLISONS SUCCESSOR.
F. B. Graves Will Probably Be Ap-
pointed Librarian to Fill the
Existing Vacancy.
A larfee number of members attended
the regular quarterly meeting- of the
Mechanics' Institute last evening. Presi
dent D«-nicke spoke of the death of the
librarian, A. M. Jellison. He tnen had
the resolutions of respect adopted to his
memory by the board of trustees read.
The vacancy in the board caused by the
resignation of Charles D. Steiger was
fllled by the election of J. P. Fraser.
. Considerable discussion was had over
the policy of holding an industrial ex
position next year. A majority of tha
member.s were in favor of such an affair,
and a resolution was adopted to that
end.
Trustee Horace Wilson offered an
amendment to the constitution affecting
the manner of electing trustees. If
adopted at the next quarterly meeting it
will do away with the present method of
voting. A. W. Stott asked what had been
done toward appointing a new librarian,
and he waji answered that nothing had
That popular Coon Song, *
"I Don't Like No Cheap
Man," that's being sung at
the Orpheum, hits a little
subject that we want to
talk to you about.
Now, nobody likes a cheap
man or, what we mean, a
cheap-looking man, and
clothes are what give ap-
pearance. Clothes may
not make a man alto-
gether, but they have a
heap to do with it— espe-
cially the kind of clothes
you get from Raphael's.
They're the kind that have
snap, life, vim— the niceties
of fine tailoring, the ad-
vanced and modern ideas
of modern tailoring. These
are yours, and you'll never
look like a cheap man if
Raphael's dress you. She'll
admire you. So will he.
He'll be more than anxious
to know where you got your
clothes, because the kind
we have shine out — quite
different from those of
other stores, because we
put all our own ideas, the
progressive ones, into our
clothes.
A Serge Suit like this is the
essence of refinement and good
taste.
"itit 1t 1t It 1t it Itlt 1c it It it it
; our i
t MAIJf I
t HOBBY i
* re *
* -to *
OVER- J
i > COATS, i
been done as yet. Mr. Stott asked that
the board take into consideration the
efficient services of Assistant Librarian
F. B. Graves when the time came for
appointing a successor to the late A. M.
Jellison.
One of the Philadelphia Coundlmen
urges that in future years all the
money the city has to appropriate for
the celebration of the Fourth of July
be expended for fireworks, as affording
the greatest pleasure for the greatest
number of citizens.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which hav^been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretior.s are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
it I PTI X X cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. TABH'OrEI.E, hydrocele.
swelling anu tenderness of the glands
treated wlti* unfailing success. Conta.
griouM blood poixou in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from tha
system. Indies* will receive special
attention for 1 their many ailments.
WRITE 1/ you cannct call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book. "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
BWEANT, M. D. t 737 Market street, San
Francisco, CaL
ELY'S CRHAM BALM is a positive enre.
Apply into the jostrila. It is quickly absorbed. 50
cents at Drcnjldi 1 or DT mail ; aamp'ee 10c. by mail.
ELY BROTHIRS, 6«" Warren St., New York CUjfcBULLSHEAD FEAST
FOR NATIVE SONS
AND DAUGHTERS
Thousands of Sar> Jose's Guests
Discuss a Mer)u of Savory
Dishes.
Relay After Relay AttacK the Viands frorr) Early
Morning Until Far Into the
Afternoon.
SAN JORE. Sept 10.— It's remarkable
what an amount of pleasure these Na
tive Sons can stand. It seems as
thouph they were especially con
structed for fun. Now there is
"Jimmy" Carroll of San Jose, for in
stance, or Bob Mart] and of San Fran
•. or Cal Ewing of Oakland, or—
ah, goodness, there are thousands of
them who seem to thrive on hilarity.
I for anything with
Natives; meals can come "nee a
day or seven times, just as it happen*.
nrni it Is all the same; they gret alon^
u r ht, Just so the fun comes fast
enough.
Well, fun has been coming fast
enough to suit tiie n-.r.st exacting mem
ber of tli" order, since the various par
lors Invaded San Jose. Tt is surpris
ing the varied forms of entertainment
the local committees have arranged f<ir
the amusement of their guests. Those
■who fancied the amusements ended
with th< events of last night, and re
turned to their homes on the early
trains this morning. <vill hate them
selves when they find out what they
missed to-day.
Bright and early this morning, be
fore the tired revelers had fairly caught
th> : -ir forty wink:-, the summons was
Bent broadcast to assemble at Agricul
tural Park, where the bullshead
breakfast was In process of construc
tion. E% - erybody responded; that is,
the men did. The girls, poor things,
were too tired to make the effort, and
so while they Indulged themselves in
lon** overdue but none the less welcome
Blumber, the others crowded the Santa
• 'lam avenue electric cars and slopped
over into the buses headed for the
park.
They received full interest on their
investment of time, for the affair was
a glittering su< cess. Under a cluster
of wide-spreading eucalyptus trees,
fenced in from the hungry hordes, a
half dozen deep trenches, from which
•arose the most appetizing odors, were
ADVERTISEMrNTS.
\%> SAVE YOUR ■ I^ : A& Ntli
C TEETH HP NO PAIN 1
u/ii/n run,, S r^""°' I At HALF the
HAVE THEM ; '-•?,•'„"" { USUAL COST
EXTRACTED)
; .... ElEctn'city is an indispensable Acent in Modern Dentistry ....
Vi . If it Is found aecpßpary to extract your teeth we do it Without Pain and
I insert artificial on«, which we guarantee to present a natural appearance, ;
| to, be useful and t) fit perfectly.
Painless Extraction Without the Use of
Dangerous Anesthetics a Speciulty.
\ CONSULTATIOK FREE. I Ool(1 FillinKs • ** ot * £5C5 C
tUWiSULiAIIWfI mcc. g|j ver FlllinKS from 25c
Open Eyenlngi »nd Bnadayj. . j Bridge Work. warranted - (per "££>■ ?n>r j O
A ALL WORK WARRANTED. Plates" .\\\\\\\. '.'.'.'.'.••••••• ..from $4>,0
/ 3DR. TTT/" TTVTCJ \
• ... METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS ... . \
>\\> Over Cafe Zinkand. \ 927 MARKET STREET. Fifth Floor. Elevator, r- ,'.
the primary point of interest to the
guests, who set their course for the
aforesaid odors, baroly heeding the
strains of the Fifth Infantry Hand that
vainly essayed to head off the on
slaught on the extemporaneous kitchen.
Stationed in the band stand at the
AT THE NATIVE SONS' BULLSMEAD BREAKFAST AT AGRICULTURAL PARK.
head of the large octagon-shaped dane- '
ing platform, delightfully located under ;
more of the lufty trees, the musicians
coaxed with waltz, Bchottlsche and ma
zurka to stay the rush, and though a j
few couples (for a few Bcorep of ladies
were there) thought more of dancing
than they did of tho breakfast, the
great majority, their appetites impel
ling them on, stampeded t<> the double
row of tables surrounding the plat
form, where ;hey clamored impatiently
for the attendants to bring on the good
ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE PREPARING FOR THE GUESTS.
things.
The trenches were opened at 10
o'clock and the first comers were rapid
ly Berved with an abundance of beef,
I beans, bread, tortillas, coffee and beer
'. for those who preferred it. There was
; plenty for all, and as fast as one relay
: had satiated its appetite another was
j ready to fill t! ■ vacated seats.
Accommodations were provided for
ROO people at a time. It is impossible to
estimate how many were fed. for tho
crowds kept flocking: to the scene of
the feast for hours, and the breakfast
wore along into luncheon and extended
well into the dinner hour before the
last relay was forced to desert the
TIIE SAN FEANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, IS9B.
boards, unable to do further justice to
the spread.
As the hours passed the ladies turned
out in greater numbers, until those in
charge of the affair estimated that as
many of the fair sex were in attend
ance as there were of the men. The
girls came singly and in couples, trios
and finally in bevies, disdaining the es
cort of their brothers, intent only on
sharing in the feast. From the adja
cent country, too, people came. Farm
ers and their wives with waeons filled
with native sons and daughters drove
in and mingled with those already on
the scene.
The good humor that prevailed be
came infectious in an incredibly short
time. People arrived on the grounds al
most overcome from the exertions of
yesterday, away short on sleep, raven
ous and intent only on getting to the
nearest table. Before they reached the
dancing platform all their cares were
forgotten, the after effects of yester
day vanished, and instead of com
plaints because they had to wait they
found pleasure in standing around
commenting on the activity of their
more fortunate fellows at the tables,
who, by the way, were altogether too
busy to essay more than a facial con
tortion half hidden by a slab of Juicy
beef.
Everybody was there at some period
during the day — that is, everybody re
maining In San Jose, for although thou
sands have returned to their homes
there are still many thousands here
who will remain until to-morrow or
Monday. Charlie Curry drove out
with "Jimmy" Carroll, "Billy" Colum
bet and Justice Barry, but became sep
arated from the others and had a hard
time of it for a while. He managed to
get filled up, however, after a com
pound of the tables — there were no
less than thirty of them. But Curry had
the prize appetite. The other three
fared better. Harry was short on beef,
but long on pie, but that was only an
Incident of the whole.
Pam Ayer, who thinks he is a Native
Son. but is only a Pioneer, having been
Supervisor from Milpitas— the Fifth
District, Milpitas — for twenty years,
hung around the outskirts of the
crowd, disdaining a seat at the tables,
but never refusing a rib, provided said
rib was well laden with meat.
Incidents like these were numerous,
but nobody, not even Charlie Curry, got
up fnun the tables without heaving a
sigh— cheers were too exhaustive —
of gratitude to Fred M. Stern, W.
A. Qaston and Homer Prindle, all of
San Jose, th<» prime movers and origin
ators of the affair.
Ben Otega, a Native Ron, in whose
veins flows the blood of the (ab) orig
inal settlers of California, presided
over the breakfast, while "Jake" Ovcif
ton, once of the S'inny South, was
placed in charge of trie tables, assisted
by an adequate force of assistants.
To the dyspeptics who read this ar
ticle it may lie of interest to know that
twenty-five bullsheads, 2HOO pounds of
beef, a hogshead of Chili sauce, half a
ton of bread, the same amount of
beans, 300 gallons of coffee and 200
quarts of beer were consumed by the
guests of San Jose to-day.
SPREAD OF YELLOW
JACK IN THE SOUTH
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Sept. 10.— Following
is a summary of yellow fever reports re
ceived from the South to-night:
The fever claimed its first victim at
Lafayette. Miss., in the person of A.
Zislnger, a well-known citizen.
There are eight new cases at Taylors.
Miss.
The Jackson (Miss.) Board of Health to
night officially announced fatalities of
yesterday. The victim was James Kil
gore. The hoard immediately placed the
city In cjiiarantine, and no passengers,
baggage, freight or express will be per
tnitted to leave Jackson for any point in
Mississippi. Every precaution is being
taken to prevent a spread of the disease.
The Louisiana State Board of Health
gives the following as the status of yel
low fever epidemic of this year: Frank
lin—Total cases, 28; deaths, 20; undei
treatment, 14; all doing well. Taylors —
Total cases, 23; deaths, 2. Orwood—To
tal cases, 34; no deaths. Waterford— l
case. .
REVEL CONTINUES
INTO THE NIGHT
Merry Crowds on San
Jose Streets.
GOOD FELLOWSHIPTHEORDER
CITY RESOUNDS WITH SONG
AND LAUGHTEE.
Large Number of Social Parties and
Entertainments Supply Diver
sion for Throngs of Happy
Natives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 10.— The Natives
are enjoying themselves to-night, and
the streets of the city resound with
song and laughter. All is informal.
The glad hand is being extended on all
sides, and merriment is the order. Tho
streets are filled with merry-makers —
Native Sons and Daughters bent only I
on pleasure, caring not what the mor- I
row may bring.
The San Francisco parlors entertained I
their friends to-day, as did the other i
parlors. The Vendome, St. James and
Other hotels were thronged all day.
This evening most of the headquarters j
closed, and the members made social I
calls upon each other and about the i
city. A large number of private parties j
and entertainments are In progress.
The natives explored the adjacent
suburbs this afternoon. Drives about
the city and to points of interest were
taken and the visitors were delighted
with their outing. The bearing or
chards amazed many and the luscious ;
fruits were thoroughly enjoyed.
Stockton Parlor spent the afternoon [
at Alum Rock. To-night It returned to
Stockton.
San Francisco Parlor No. 49 gave a i
ball this evening. The hall was
crowded and dancing was enjoyed until
a late hour. This parlor will attend .
the clambake to-morrow and return
home in the evening.
Sequoia Parlor is entertaining its !
friends with a danoe.
To-morrow there will be the clam
bake at Alum Rock and In the after
noon the last of the visitors will bid
each other good-by and depart for
their homes.
COMMISSION MEETS AT
SAN JUAN, PORTO RICO
Unable to Arrange Terms of Evacu-
ation Because Spanish Instruc-
tions Are Delayed.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Sept. 10.— The
first joint meeting of the evacuation com- !
mission was held in the council chamber
of the palace this morning. It was very
formal. Major General Brooke, Rear
Admiral Sehley and Brigadier General i
Gordon, accompanied by their personal I
staffs, drove to the Palace. They were j
formally presented to the Spanish com
missioners, General Ortega, Senor Val
lerlno, brigadier of marines, and Senor
Aguila, Auditor of War. The presenta
tion was made by Captain General Ma
cias. Both commissions then retired to
the spacious room.
The Spanish commissioners were most
courteous.
They explained that their embarrass
ment was due to the fact that their In
structions had failed to arrive, though
expected on the Alfonso XIII, overdue
since yesterday. They assured the i
American commissioners of their confi
dence that tne Instructions would arrive
during: the day or to-morrow, and sug
gested an adjournment until Monday at 2
o'clock, to which the American commis
sioners agreed. The American commis
sioners also agreed to the suggestion that
sessions should be secretr
The two commisions wilt meet Saturday
to begin with, and the Joint sessions will
be held to exchange propositions. The
Spanish officials have been at work sev
eral days making inventories of the Gov
ernment property.
FRENCH TAKE FASHODA,
ON THE UPPER NILE
Disastrous Setback to the British
Victories Over the Fanatical
Khalifa.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The dramatic news
received from Omdurman to-day, show
ing apparently that Fashoda, on the
White Nile, about 400 miles north of
Khartoum, has been occupied by a white
force, causes the greatest sensation. As
there seems little room to doubt that
the troops occupying that place ars
French, this will prove a disastrous set
back to the British victories in the Nile
and at once dispose of the questions of
a British water way to the Upper Nnle.
Of course, it is possible the force at
Fashoda may be British troops under
Major McDonald, but this is most un
likely, as the latest news received from
Uganda announced that McDonald had
not left there at the end of May, and It
is extremely improbable that McDonald's
force could have covered the distance
from Uganda to Fashoda, in this time,
more especially as, so far as is known,
he had only one small steel boat with
which to navigate the Nile.
Almost every one regards the stories of
a French expedition under Major Mar-
chand being:, near Fashoda as being noth
ing more than -"bluff," but now there 13
little reason to, hope that this is the case.
The news that British gunboats have
started for Fashoda opens the question
whether a conflict is likely to occur be
tween them and the force occupying
Fashoda. The great clanger is that the
headstrong young French officer may
open fire on the gunboats.
DEMAND THAT ALL
ARMS BE LAID DOWN
VIENNA, Sept. 10.— According to a dis
patch received here from Canea, Island of
Crete, the troops of the various powers
have hoisted their flags over the town
walls of Cnndia. and the admirals have
pent an ultimatum to the Deputy Gov
ernor and the Turkish commander, de
manding that all aims lie laid down by 5
o"clock this evening. The warships, it* is
added, are In readiness to resume the
bombardment of the place.
One of the foreign warships has gone to
Rptimo, where disturbances have broken
but.
Boosevelt Would Accept.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— Colonel Theo
dore Roosevelt has authorized the state
ment that he would accept the nomination
for Governor of New "iork should it be
tendered to him by the party convention
to he hi Id at Saratoga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V^ It; * snt muc trouble
Xyj^—g*^^ for a really healthy man
to be good humored.
Jollity and exhuberant health are a pro-
verbial combination. The hearty man who
is- always latighing doesn't have any trouble
with his digestion. It has been said that
laughing makes people healthy. The truth
is that health makes people laugh.
It is impossible to estimate the tre-
mendous influence of health upon human
character. A man with a headache will
not be in a happy, contented frame of
mind. A man who suffers from a weak
stomach and an impaired digestion will sit
and grumble through the best meal ever
prepared. A bilious man who is. not a
bore, is deserving of a place in a museum.
A nervous man who is not petulent and
fault-finding i» a curiosity. All these con-
ditions lead tograve diseases, when the
victim becomes not only disagreeable, but
dependent as well. A wise wife will real-
ize that while the old saying that a " man's
heart is in his stomach," is not literally
true, it is a fact that his stomach sweetens
or : sours his character according as it is
healthy or unhealthy. Dr. Pierce Golden
Medical Discovery is the best of medicines
for the conditions described. It makes
the weak stomach strong, the impaired
digestion perfect, invigorates the liver,
purifies and enriches the blood and tones
' the nerves. It tears down half-dead, inert
tissues and replaces them with the firm
muscular tissues of health. 'It builds new
and healthy nerve fibres and brain cells,'
It dissipates nervousness • and melancholy
and imparts mental elasticity and courage.
It is the best of all known medicines for
nervous disorder. ?
.'•': ' Through your skillful. treatment I am oneV-
niore a will mnn." writes J. Vf. Arnold. Ksq.. of .
. Gandy, Logan Co.. Nebr, "I suffered for years
and could not find relief until I commenced
taking- your ' Golden Medical Discovery.' I suf- .
fered with constipation and torpidity of liver '
which resulted in irritation of the prostate and
Inflammation of the bladder. . I had only tak«n
one bottle vrhet) I found great relief. : The mcdi-
: cine has effected a permanent care." . -
_ _ ERTISEMENTS. • ;
Boys, we're going to If
give you, a fac-siriiile \£ /^O&lI"Tl^i^ df\*
of the hUtorio bat- W I I I %J
tleship Maine. We -*- \f JB^J 8^
give it as a souvenir '^i i-^
Monday and Tucs- A 9
elderbrothers fS^if
/§^^w who fought so £* w
/^^W^Tn^ an d witi t h /jwwp® f\
I | ra\^^ \ an d i n emu- \-^ fjk «-^
\ \ ißiiii pared, in our \ \ ■
\ I IjJJ new fall and \ \ 1
\l |ir winter p °-jil!||ll \\\
\1 Ijl dv ction s, |||1 \\\
r Ijl some of the i-.jf , k\ \\
I /Vi n a na somes t m.\ w\- \ I
Aj pv and most ■%> , \ I
*^ tumes ■ ever
seen anywhere in America. The styles are entirely
original with us, rich and refined, and are made from
the very highest-class fabrics. Not military suits
alone — the navy is not forgotten. Some very handsome
designs in Sailors, all made up in a new and novel
fashion, patriotic emblems on the shield, chevrons on
the sleeves, long trousers, short trousers. .
And another very novel suit is our
QUARTERMASTER,
A long trouser affair in blue, and then the pretty Mili-
tary Capes and Caps and Sailor Tarns to go with these,
all entirely different from what you see in other stores.
Ours Is a Different Store From Others
Double in All
Points — But Price.
THE ROUGH RIDER
p, LEGGINS.
JjL^ For little fel-
jjfljjpl ||li lows, the cutest,
$$O&W< made from the
|l||ij£s^j heaviest can-
f|f JP|| W vasjust like the
Plpi'ti j£f Rough Riders
"*\*^W wear; very cute
'«/%' styles for little
Ip" 3 lads.Thesenovel
Aj ] leg gins
• % ' 69c.
/^^^^v The new winter
v£"^^J sailor Suit in
\* f blue, with its
r&F~jfs>i^ wide flare
/*MFss^fh °l° use > with it s
t extra deep sail-
blue, with its
wide flare
blouse, with its
extra deep sail-
fe_4v7 )c\Z< / or collar, with
its many rows
V^ssrr °f all-silk sou-
\ A \P*s^ tache braid,
W //\\ LT^ troupers lined
"i^Si^ Y&Lft throughout, an
«4PI^"- ». >lj*k aw f pretty
ijtJpPV T\ winter costume,
' "'7Ai^ Mfi>€^f a yer V patriotic
o^' x^ little costume,
for lads between the ages of 3
and 12. You have your choice
from many colors of soutache,
the new shade marine blue,
cerise, olive, tan, black and
many other pretty shades. For
such pretty sailor suits, such
good ones as these, we say
$2.50.
Note
KEARNY ST.
THE FRISCO BOYS.
Two Entire Buildings— B Floors,
Monday you will find us
showing some real handsome
fall styles in tweeds, full ivin-
ter weight goods, in suits, for
lads between the ages of 8 and
16, double-breasted ;- they're
lined and trimmed in a
. very excellent manner. The
trousers are fortified against
wearing out; the seats are
double — are the knees. If you
find such good suits in other
stores they'll be nearer $5 than
our price. For tlvse Monday,
including the Reefer style,
which is for lads betiveen the
. ages of 4- atl d 10, made with
sailor collar, collar handsomely
-. braided, either style,
The new winter
. style of the Tarn
«^^^^^^^ o' Shanter, in
**~~" vggp^ ' blue, with; all-
silk bands with
the nams? of Sampson,' Schley
and Hobson worked in raised
silk letters on the band.
To increase the Hat Depart-
ment's popularity these at
■ 49c.
A pretty Mili-
C -^>^> tary Fatigue
llg^p-llPS^ai^ Cap, Monday,
— > for boys, with
pretty flags in
| $ >ld bullion crossed on the cap.
! Jhese at
I 49c.
So me y e ry
fpretty in the
fashions in the
little Middy
Suit, which you
will note that
we picture op-
posite.
There's the
new ideas in
Scotches, the
new shades in
blue and the
novel ideas of
braiding on the
fil riw collar.
If*~ta2b Taken as a
xz) whole they're a '
very swell lot of suits ; they're
all new ones. We ask you to
take your pick from, a liberal
assortment at
$2.98.
There isn't a department in
our house but what is showing
its newest and prettiest fall im-
portations. One vies with the
other to show its prettiest. It's
for you to select now while the
newest and largest assortment
is p 1 aced before you.
34
HOW SOME WELL KNOWN NATIVES ENJOYED THE BULLSHEAD
BREAKFAST.
THOSE WHO MAY
INVESTIGATE THE
CONDUCT OF WAR
PromineQt Men Offered Places oq
the Committee by PresideQt
McKjnley.
It Is tfoe Chief Executive's Desire Trjat tbe
Truth Shall Be Ascertained and
Made l^nown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. ia— Will you render the
country a great service by accepting my appointment
as a member of the committee to examine into the
conduct of the Commissary, Quartermaster and Medi
cal bureaus of the War Department during the war
and into the extent, causes and treatment of sickness
in the field and in the camps ? It is my desire that the
full and exact truth shall he ascertained and made
known. I cannot too strongly impress upon you my
earnest wish that this committee shall be of such high
character as will command the complete confidence of
the country, and I trust you will consent to serve.
This is the message which the Presi
dent addressed to each of the following
gentlemen in compliance with the re
quest of Secretary Alger that there be
an investigation of the conduct of the
war:
Lieutenant General John M. Scho
fleld.
General John B. Gordon.
General Granville M. Dodge.
D. C. Gilman.
General Charles F. Manderson.
Hon. Robert T. Lincoln.
Daniel S. Lamont.
Dr. W. W. Keene.
Colonel James A. Sexton.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKlnley is waiting to hear from
the men he has asked to serve on the
committee to investigate the conduct
of the war before announcing his se
lections. Among those who have been
asked to serve are Lieutenant General
John M. Schofleld. retired; General
John B. Gordon of. the Confederate
army: General Granville M. Dodge;
President D. C. Gilman of Johns Hop
kins University; General Charles F.
Manderson; Former Secretary of War
Robert T. Lincoln; Former Secretary
of War Daniel S. Lamont; W. W.
Keene, M.D., of Philadelphia, and Col
onel James A. Sexton, commander-in
chlef of the Grand Army of the Re
public.
This committee may consist of nine
members, or there may be only seven,
but I was informed by a member of the
Cabinet to-day that It is the Intention
of the President to have its personnel
so to give it such a broad scone
of inquiry that" its conclusions will
command the respect and confidence of
the country. I wag told that each of
the staff departments mentioned in the
President's dispatch would be Inves
tigated from top to bottom. All rec
ords will be thrown open to the com
mittee, which will be charged with
finding out just where the difficulty
was in each instance. These investi
gators are to take up the transactions
of former departments and follow them
from the head of the bureau in Wash
ington down through intermediate
channels to the lowest subordinate and
find out where the breakdowns were.
ATLANTA. Sept. 10.— General John
B. Gordon has declined to serve on the
commission requested by President Mc-
Klnley to investigate the conduct of
WILLIAM MCKINLEY.
the Spanish-American war, giving as a
reason his unstable health.
HOSPITALS WERF NOT
PROPERLY EQUIPPED
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL MILI
TARY PARK, Sept. 10.— The reports of
Generals Sanger, Mattocks and Roe,
giving In detail the result of their in
vestigations of camp hospitals, have
been made public by General Breckin
ridge. The three generals, who worked
some time as a hospital and camp ex
amining corps, report that the condi
tions in the various hospitals were
found very unsatisfactory. They state
the hospitals were not provided with
the proper necessities ; that they did
not have a sufficient number of attend
ants; that they were badly located,
and that they were in every way inad
equate.
SECRETARY ALGER IS
NOT ANXIOUS TO TALK
DETROIT, Sept. 10.— Secretary Alger
arrived at the Michigan Central station
from the East at 9:45 to-day. After ar
riving home General Alger said he ex
pected to remain until a week from to
morrow. Being asked to make a state
ment for publication relative to the
charges against his administration of
the War Department, the Secretary re
plied:
"Now, what do you want me to do?
Get down in the sewer with these sen
sational people? They are not worry
ing me. There is nothing to the
charges excepting somebody's desire to
make political capital. I have asked
the President to appoint the strongest
commission it is possible to secure to
conduct an inquiry into the conduct of
the war. It will be made up of some
of the ablest army officers and itß work
will be of the greatest Importance, as
applied to the past and as affecting the
future. Its greatest value will be in
perfecting the entire organization of
the army and applying in this provision
the lessons of the past."
At Pompeii a mosaic life-size portrait
of a woman, the first antique portrait
In mosaic ever discovered, has been
found near the house of thj Vettii. Thfe
workmanship is so fine that It is dif
ficult to discern that it is not a paint
ing.
made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FEAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBRE 11, 1898.
WILL DECIDE 0S
TO REVISION OF
DREYFUS' CASE
Experts Will Go Over f\\l the
Evidence flgainst tfye Im
prisoned Captain.
Many DarK Secrets Probably LocKed Up in trje
Archives of th>e French; Intelligence
Department.
Copyrlg-hted. JB9S, by the Associated Press.
PARI.-', Sept. 10.— Expectation was
disappointed to-day. The Ministerial
Council was to have held a special sit
ting with the object of hearing the
War Minister's account of the Dreyfus
case and the newly discovered delin- j
quencies of the staff officers. But Gen- j
eral Zurlinden, finding he had not yet j
the ground upon which to form a
sound opinion, asked for an adjourn
ment. He is a serious honorable
minded, worthy colleague of the con
scientious Brisson, and was chosen to |
investigate the Dreyfus affair as War
Minister because he is not biased and is
weighted with a sense of the responsi
bUity involved in the matter. Being a
Protestant and of Bourgeois breeding, (
he does not share the ultra-Catholic, '
anti-Jewish feeling noticeable at the '
War Office. Having been a prisoner of |
war in Germany in 1870 and being an i
Alsacian, he is warmly patriotic and
would sympathize with th ; military
judges of Dreyfus should he find cvi- ;
dence of guilt. General Zurlinden was
to have given a verdict to-day. If i
against reopening the case he would j
have retired to leave the Government
a free hand.
Judging frwm the disappointment
when newß was received that the coun
cil had adjourned, the Dreyfus case is in
a good channel. The Minister of Jus
tice has named six accomplished, ex
perienced, keen jurists to examine the
secret papers and everything connected
with the Dreyfus case. The reopening
will entirely depend upon this commit
tee. Not one of the six is a Jew, but
one of them, M. Crepot, has been a stu
dent all his life of Jewish history. An
other member of the committee, M. Lo
pellettier, has found relaxation from
legal toil in Greek literature. All six
are men of unblemished character and
in the habit of sifting evidence. The
six will set to work directly the War
Minister gives his opinion.
The country being now violently
anti-Semitic, and Dreyfus being a Jew,
the Government will have to act with
a wily creep, rather than walk forward.
The late Lieutenant Colonel Henry's
confession brought public opinion
around to a revision, but the hostility
to Dreyfus is not abated. The people
feel that a mist of Iniquity is involved
in the affair, and they will attempt to
penetrate it. They are beginning to
understand that the general staff is
no better than when it rendered the
military disasters of 1870 inevitable.
The resignation of General Boisdere
as chief of the general staff is a stand
ing puzzle, and it arouses suspicions
that only a public trial can quiet. The
people ask, "Was Dreyfus an accom
plice of Esterhazy? Were they both
able to hold rods in pickle for their
superiors? Was such power the rea
son why the trial was strangely con
ducted and Dreyfus delegated to the
solitude of Devils Island?"
The darkest conjectures are seem
ingly justified by the circumstances
connected with Colonel Henry's sui
cide, which, the Jews remark, was ac
complished on the day the Scientists'
Congress broke up. That event utterly
discredits the Intelligence Department
of the War Office, and, indeed, dis
credits the whole general staff.
No more grewsome event has ever
shocked human sentiment and con
science, and though it happened -within
sight of Paris, it is shrouded in mys
tery. Colonel Henry's is the secon-i
suicide connected with the Dreyfus af
fair. The first suicide was that of Le
Mercier Pickard, an intelligence agent
of the general staff of Colonel
Schwartzkoppen, the German military
attache here, and of the Italian Em
bassy. He was found suspended from
a lamp hook in a celling. Was he mur
dered? Was he a suicide? The sus
picious facts of his death were hushed
up by the late Government and M. Lu
pine, the former prefect of police.
The reported suicide of Major Count
Esterhazy was a canard. He knows
where too many skeletons are concealed
not to feel safe. He will die a nat
ural death, but fresh revelations may
lead to others following Colonel Henry.
The fairies, as in the Greek tragedies,
seem to enter into this drama. The
fall of General Boisdeffre brings the
drama home to the imperial court of
Russia, where, as a brilliant aristo
cratic military attache, he was a great
favorite. He was admitted to the in
timate festivities of the imperial fam
ily and was a favorite waltzing partner
of the Empress Dowager in her danc
ing days. The French republic sent
him and a special Embassy to the late
Czar's funeral and to the present Czar's
coronation. Great sums of money
were allowed him to cut a dash. Final
ly, President Faure took him to St.
Petersburg to assist in the preparation
of the Franco-Russian treaty. Why
such a great personage deems himself
guilty with Henry and resigns a splen
did poet passes comprehension. The
reopening of the Dreyfus case may
solve the puzzle.
EMILY CRAWFORD.
ZURLINDEN SATISFIED
OF DREYFUS' GUILT
PARIS, Sept. 10.— The Liberal says
the examination of the documents in
the Dreyfus case had led Oeneral Zur
linden, the Minister for War, to the
conclusion that the prisoner Is guilty,
"as it did his predecessors," and that
consequently, the general has decided
to resume the military governorship of
Paris next week.
A semi-official note, issued this even
ing, says the Minister for War has
handed to the Minister of Justice the
papers In the Dreyfus case, with his
definite opinion thereon. The council,
it is added, will on Monday decide defi
nitely upon the course to be pursued.
A Historical Lecture.
Leo Assembly No. 4, Young Men's Cath
olic Union, will entertain ita members
and friends in their hall next Thursday
with a gTand descriptive stereopticon
lecture by Frederick I. Monsen on the
monuments of the prehistoric race of
America and original Catholic missions
of Arizona.
BAD BLOOD POISON.
BAD BLOOD POISON.
BAD BLOOD POISON.
1 i[ BAD BLOOD POISON.
DAY CURE bad blood poison.
IS CERTAIN. BAD BLOOD POISON.
1 ' ■*[ '.X' BAD BLOOD POISON.
®«®®®SXs)®®®«<lXs)®®®
All forms of blood poison or contracted blood taints
sooner or later show on the individual in three stages.
Whether in the first, secondary or tertiary state it is well
to use a certain cure, for if you. are not cured in time a
world of suffering and misfortune is sure to come on you.
Now, these conditions are curable. Many cases have been
cured by the 30-Day Cure. If you have pimples on the
face, blood patches, falling hair, loosened teeth, glandu-
lar lumps, you should consult, the Hudson Doctors about
the great 30-Day Cure. If you can, call. Send for
30-Day. Circulars. •
Is a remedy treatment for those peculiar disorders of
man, called Nervous Debility, Neurasthenia, Sperma-
torrhoea. HUDYAN restores all the organs' to their
proper functions, puts the liver, kidneys and bowels in
I healthy working condition. HUDYAN has a history—
its history is written — yes, written on the faces and bodily
strength of 40,000 men. Fully 10,000 men have placed
themselves in black and white, saying HUDYAN is sim-
ply marvelous. Men from California, Oregon, Washing;-
ton, Nevada and from far-away places also tell of the
wondrous cure. You can read these testimonials if you
will consult the Hudson Doctors. -If you cannot call
write for them.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Market, Stockton and Ellis Streets, San Francisco, CaL
ALBRECHT'S DUPE
DENOUNCES HIM
Bigamist's Bride Wants
Justice Done.
WILL NOT STAND IN THE WAY
TELLS THE SAD STORY OF HIS
DECEPTION.
First Wife of the Culprit Identifier
Him and He Is Formally Ac
cused in Santa Rosa
Courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 10.— Charles Al
brecht, the San Francisco architect
who has figured bo prominently In the
police circles of this city for the past
few days because of his recent arrest
for having issued a bogus check upon
the First National Bank of San Fran
cisco.was formal!., charged with big
amy in the courts here to-day. The
complaint is sworn to by M. V.
Marshall, the father of the young lady
Albrecht married here on Tuesday, and
the charge is the first direct outcome
of the visit of Mrs. Albrecht No. 1 to
this city yesterday. The identification
MRS. CHARLES ALBRECHT NO. 2, FORM
ERLY MISS MAY MARSHALL.
of the runaway spouse was complete,
the wife swearing positively that Al
brecht was her husband. The hearing
was to-day set for Thursday morning.
The case has created much comment
In this city, where both the bride and
her family are well and favorably
known. The greatest sympathy is ex
pressed for the unfortunate young lady.
In speaking of her position the bride,
otherwise known as Mrs. Albrecht No.
2, said:
"It is a painful thing to tell my story,
but I will keep back nothing. About
the 9th or 10th of July I met Charles
Albrecht. At that time I was in San
Francisco engaged by ex-Minister
Hatch as nurse for his children. On
that day I was giving the little ones an
outing in the Geary-street park. A
man, a stranger, sat down upon the
bench I was occupying. He engaged in
conversation with one of the children.
He said to me:
" 'Is that your boy?'
"This opened a conversation which I
permitted because he seemed a gentle
man, but I was unused to city ways
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK
A Great Curtain Sale!
A Special Event! „' . . -
Domestic Dep't. I
A manufacturer's stock
of LACE CURTAINS, con-
sisting of 2250 pairs of
Nottingham Lace Curtains
in ecru and white, full V/i
yards long, from 50 to 60
inches wide, in beautiful
designs; bought at about
half their actual value, en- (ftJ . OF"
ables us to offer you your N* I xX
choice at <P1«OU
Regular value $3.50 and PAIR
$3.00 a pair.
2 cases of HONEY-COMB
BED SPREADS for full-size
beds, in nice choice patterns, Ah
extra good quality, • already vJKP
hemmed and ready for use, at Vvl)
Actual value $1.25 each. EACH
10 cases of COMFORT-
ERS for full-size beds, silko-
line coverings, in very (ft J f-A j
choice patterns, filled with \ I Xl 1
pure white cotton, nicely t|/l«v-/V
tufted, worth $2 each, at.. EACH
. 100 pieces of FLANNELETTES Q>\ ■
in stripes and checks, in blue, MiP
pink and tans, good quality, vf4U
regular value I£)c a yard, at...... YARD
READY-MADE SHEETS AND
PILLOW CASES at Special
Prices for This Week— aii our
Sheets and Pillow-Cases are made of
extra quality muslin, with a 2-inch
hem, torn by hand, dry laundered
and ready for use.
PILLOW-CASES.
Size Hemmed Hemstitched
50x38*4 15c 20e
54x38« 16^e 25e
READY-MADE SHEETS.
Size Hemmed Hemstitched
63x90 87^c 473^e
72x90 42^0....; 52^C
81x90 .„ 47>*c... 57'^e
90x90 „ 55c 65e i
&■ jwtfm
and thought It was not wrong to talk
with him.
"Without my making an ■ appoint
ment, we met again. He introduced
himself as Charles Albrecht and said
he had an office in the Spreckels build
ing and that he owned considerable
property and had money in the bank.
I told him who I was and where I
lived.
"He proposed to me by letter and I
accepted with the proviso that he visit
me at my home so that my family could
judge him. I went to the Fulton depot
Sunday to meet him. He said that the i
wedding ring, presents and a quantity j
of money were in his trunk and they
would arrive that evening. After we
were married I asked him if he had ;
paid all expenses attending it, and he I
said he had.
"Now that I learn that he is dishon- I
HUDYAN Is the greatest r«ne- ffljflßfaflßflMffiv - HTDYAN can be had from th<
Clo-treatment Uiat has been bK^^vt^^j* l doctors of the Hudson Medical
produced by any combination of H^S^pOrKS Instituto, and from no one else ■
Lhyßlclans. The HUDYAN rocac- bSsSPL-IHB " ' Yc>u need HUDYAN when taa •
Sio-treattnent euros the dlsabill- Bop3L™JE§Bl facial nerves twitch as there ii
ties and dlaeaaes of men. It is a nftjf KOT^^lf certain to be an Irritation at theii
r&medy for men. It cures we«Ut- t^ft^^^KlHjt' centers, in the brain You need
new, U cures spermatorrhoea, t&s£l ""tiK HUDYAN when there is a declina
It cures drains and it- cures ■ !MB MBSffli of the nerve force, because thi*
plmplea. HUDYAN cure* de- HHMnHI decline shows lack of nerve llf«
preasion of spirits, ba^hfulneßS, W®^§o*l§& and may dovelon i-ntZ nlrJi, 1
Inability to look frankly into the PlPi^l ; debility and no nervou*
eye* of another. HUOYAN cure, Elfpi PrS tl< d nlUel°\ haye 1 " hi?
headache hair falling out^ head fflg|| IBM knotted or nerves If you h." t
»nd ears, weak memory, loss of M$W- I £ knotted or gnarled' them If ? V*
ears, weak memory, loss of /• Mmß? SjpSStl Sh?eV yourffout you wHI
■eric*. r««t« i>r «mpi? firnYiv, IfiV uu.Te oDjf'ea your nerves, to
Tolce. taste or ameii. HIUTAN| S- ( T W9 Etraightea yourself out you will
cures sunken eyes, stunted ■Tin'ilPlfc i^ll ue« HT'nviv vX Z^ i
erowth, palpitation.- shortness of B|PlS"!wJ -' 3B rive yo-j i^HUDYaV , e 2*t It 3
Wth, dTapepsla, constipation KMjJiSI BJ^i Hndson Medical instmftß P Hfn 9
»nd flatulency. HUDTAN cures BBBK^*- £ T^m7.r,S ?"
Weakness or pains In the small $$$& PH lmp^cy ' ™ jX°°^
Of the back, loh of muscular fffflH ffffl SSSS "blur ? deapaft iorrol and
fcodinga and disturbed Bleep. -. IM^i --^b"^ ANn 'TFWivnviu <T . r A^ i
HUDSON _ MEDICAL/BsTITUTE.
Market, Stockton and Ellis Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
Silk Dep't.
100 pieces of NEW FALL/ir^
TAFFETA SILKS, in plain and \)l)[,
changeable, good quality, on V/ W
sale at...: . .. YARD
100 pieces of EXTRA QUALITY rimr n
NEW FALL TAFFETA SILKS, / Hl'
in plain and changeable, regu- " >^ V
lar vaiue 85c, on sale at YARD
A choice selection of 24-
INCH FANCY STRIPED
TAFFETA SILKS, excellent
quality, in the very, latest (ft,J A A
fall colorings, the best X I 111 I
value ever offered, on yl'W
sale at .. YARD
New Dress
Goods Specials
VENETIAN CLOTHS— A
beautiful dress material,
in new shades of blue, (ft Qk OCT
green, brown and tan, very \\) fV\
rich luster, fine quality. V"lWw
A leader at , SUIT
NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS, in beautiful fall
colorings, in blue and
black, green and black,
garnet and black and (ft C) r*A
brown and black mix- \ \ hi I
tures, rich high mohair *\)U*U\J>
luster. Special at SUIT
CHOICE BLACK NOVELTY SUIT-
INGS, in the very latest styles of
Periola, Creponnes, Matalasse, Fancy
Cheviots, from the best foreign and
domestic manufacturers, a grand stock
to select from, at the following prices:
$6, $7.50, $12, $15 to $25 Suit
est and has brought this shams and
trouble upon me, I am at loss to know
what to do or say. I have made a mis
take, have been injudicious, but was
deceived throughout. I loved him and
believed his promises, but now if he has
broken laws I will not stand between
him and punishment. If he is puilty
of these crimes I will even assist in
proving his guilt."
Remembered His Birthday.
A. C. Swain, superintendent of the
Equitable Gas Works, was yesterday pre
sented with a beautiful gold-headed cana
by the men employed by the corporation.
The gift was In appreciation of his kind
ness to the men and was to commemo
rate his forty-third birthday. John John
son made the presentation speech. The
surprised recipient fittingly replied and
then Invited his well wishers to a near-by
cafe for refreshments.IRISH HORSES
SHINE AT THE
' DUBLIN SHOW
Great Annual Event
Is Described.
FAMOUS HISTORY RECALLED
GROWTH OF A SOCIETY FORMED
OVER A CENTURY AGO.
During the Assemblage of Country
People "The Belle of New
York" Makes a Decided
Hit.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Aug. 27.— This has been
■what is known as horse show week in
Dublin. Only to those who know what
the annual Dublin Horse Show is and
what it brings in its train will this
phrase convey its full meaning. For
the show is not only the greatest of its
kind in Europe probably— in England,
Scotland or Irelund certainly — but it
has now grown into a sort of national
carnival. It is held under the auspices
of the Royal Dublin Society, which has
itself had a rather historic past. Over
a century and a half ago fourteen resi
dents of Dublin met in the rooms of the
Philosophical Society in Trinity Col
lege and there resolved to form a soci
ety called the "Dublin Society," the ob
ject of which would be "to promote the
Improvement of all kinds of husbandry,
manufactures and other useful arts and
Bclences."
In IS2O King George IV— "the last of
the fools and oppressors called George,"
as Byron callt-d him In his "Irish Ava
tar" — became patron of the society, and
thenceforward it became the Royal
Dublin Society. In 1815 the body was
sufficiently affluent to purchase Leln-
House, the town residence of the
Duke of Leinster, ami the it has been
located since. In IS6B it held Its first
horse show in the grounds of Leinster
House, and it was so successful that it
was resolved to make it annual. In
the course of a dozen years the entries
had increased from 300 to nearly 600,
and the attendance from 17,000 to over
Fresh and more extensive
grounds were then acquired at Balls
bridge, a place on the River Dodder,
Outside the city bounds, on the south
side. Here progress has been the con
spicuous watchword of the great show.
Last year the entries numbered nearly
1600, and the attendance amounted to
nearly 70,000. This year the figures for
both are larger still.
This i>h«-n.>menal success — phenom
enal, that is, for Ireland, where so
many things have gone to the bad un
der English rule— is undoubtedly due to
the superiority of the Irish-bred horse.
The soil and climate of Ireland are pe
culiarly suitable for producing first
class thoroughbreds and hunters, as
has been sh'nvn conclusively of late
specially on the English turf;
ami accordingly no such collection can
anywhere be had in Europe as is now
to be seen every year at Ballsbridge of
thoroughbred sires, thoroughbred mares
and thoroughbred colts and fillies,
while the hunters are, if possible, better
still than anything of the kind which
can bo produc-il in England. The re
sult la that the horse show is now pa
tronized not only by people from all
parts of Ireland but from E)ngland,
Scotland, France, Italy, Germany and
Russia, who come to see and to buy,
and who often pay fancy prices. The
greater number, however, of the visit
ors come from the provinces of Ireland
itself, and "horse bljow week" is for
t.h»-m th" great week of the whole year.
They come up to Dublin in all their
finery &nd in such crowds as almost to
transform the look of the principal
Dublin streets, to fill the restaurants to
overflowing and to crowd the regular
lJ':blin playgoers out of the theaters
and music halls. The ladies, of course,
are the more conspicuous. They s^em
to dominate the whole place, and a
•wonderful sight they present for female
beauty as they are all gathered to
gether, clad in charming costumes and
furnished with that splendid complex
lon which can only he obtained in the
pure air of the country, in the grand
semi-circular stand in the great Jump-
Ing paddock. Apropos of the Irish la
dies, however, a Dublin paper to-day
draws a distinction between the present
and the past, which may interest Irish-
Americans. The modern Irish girl, it
says, is much taller than her mother.
Th^ country beauties "up for the horse
show," it adds, "nearly all tower above
th'ir attendant chaperons. So far as
actual beauty, however goes, the
mothers, we are informed, bear away
the palm, the pretty girl of the present
generation seldom having the perfect
f.-atures, never the gracious pose, of
the belle of say 1860. She is, it ap
pears, a finer woman physically, but
she is wanting in detail. Her complex
ion is good and her figure well devel
oped, but her eyes are ordinary, and
She does not show up well in evening
dress, because her violent athletic di
versions have made her just a little
stringy." I confess I am not myself
able to say whether all this is true, but
I have asked some ladies of my ac
quaint ;m<o whether it is, on the whole,
accurate or not, and they not only ad
mit that it is but they, moreover, at
tribute to the now almost universal use
of the bicycle the contrast between the
present and the past.
Th<- horse show has among Its chief
concomitants extra attractions in our
public places of amusement, and this
week, accordingly, both our leading
tht-au-rs have "put their best side out"
and have been rewarded by gala at
tendances. In the Theater Royal we
have "The BHle of New York," and <il
though the hardy and seasoned thea
tergoers of the city profess to think
rather little of the piece, it is quite evi
dent that our country cousins hold a
very different opinion of It. Night ufier
night during the past week they have
rushed to see it and have applauded it
tumultuously; and, as for the operas
at the (Jaiety, it goes without saying
that it has been almost impossible <o
get to see them during the last fe^Y
nights. Apropos of opera, it is worth
r f.ting that Italy, which used to give
us in this country and in England, too,
the greatest operatic artists, does so
no longer. America was the first coun
try to throw down the gauge and chal
lenge Italy's proud title of "the Land
nf Pong," and at the present time Al
banl, Nordica and Ella Russell (who is
singing in Dublin this week) are amonK
the best sopranos we have. But Aus
tralia, ir; about the last country one
-*"ul<l expect to see entering the lists,
and yet that continent has given us
some of the very best singer* of the
day. Between the companies in the
Thefitei Royal and Gaiety this week
Du'oi'n people and visitors to Dublin
can see and hear no less than four Aus
tralian artists playing leading parts In
opera, namely Lemfrieru Prlnglc, a.
fine basso; Miss Omerod, RoVert Cun
r.ingheiji, r tenor, and Miss Nellie Ste
wart, who plays the Salvation Army
lass in the "Belle of New York." Let
me add that Ireland itself is "well in"
in this matter. The young Dublin star,
William Dever, who is singing here
just now and made a decided hit in
"Lohengrin" a few nights ago, prom
ises to turn out a first-class artist, and
Ludwig (or Ledwich, as they call the
name in Dublin), Barton McGuckin
(another Dublin man) and Joseph
O'Meara of Limerick have long since
brought renown in "the old country."
I am glad to say that not only Dub
lin but Ireland also is full of visitors
and tourists. They aro swarming over
the 1000 lakes amid the hills of Conne
mara; they are crowding the southern
hotels recently erected in the most pic
turesque regions of Kerry; they are
thronging the Shannon steamers which
traverse what is known an "the Duke
of York's route." In fact, we are hav
ing " a tourist boom" in Ireland at last,
and from all I can hear the foreigners
who have come to Ireland this summer
for the first time are bo pleased with
what they have st>en and with the trav
eling and hotel accommodations they
have met with that a still larger influx
of visitors may be expected next year.
We have had some notable "Intruders"
among us. On the Strand at Grey
stones, about twelve miles from Dub
lin, for instance, within the past few
days we have had the unwonted spec
tacle of the Lord Chancellor of Eng
land and the Lord Chancellor of Ire
land pacing up and down side by side,
and no doubt discussing not only the
Irish question but the affairs of the em
pire, for they are both Cabinet Minis
ters. The English Lord Chancellor, by
the way, is of Irish extraction, and, in
deed, but for the accident of birth
would be just as much an Irishman as
the Irish I^ord Chancellor, Lord Ash
bourne. Hardinge Olfford, as the Earl
of Halsbury was known before he was
ennobled, was the .name of a Dublin
citizen who was very prominent in pol
itics on the English side In the last cen
tury, and Lord Halsbury is his direct
descendant. Indeed, I believe there are
several members of the family still res
ident in Ireland, some of them in Dub
lin. The two Chancellors are pretty
fortunate men. The English one has
ten thousand pounds sterling a year, a
peerage of the United Kingdom, and a
seat in the Cabinet, with "a pension of
four thousand pounds a year at any
time he goes out of office; the Irish has
all this, too, with the exception that his
salary is eight thousand pounds a year
Instead of ten. Considering that both
"rose from the ranks." I think that
they may both be considered rather
fortunate, I may add that the Irish
Chancellor's brothers and some other
relatives have also been fortunate. One
of his brothers is a Judge; another is a
paid magistrate in a country district;
another is an officer under the local
Government Board, and a brother-in
law occupies a valuable post in the
lunacy department of the Court of
Chancery. Some criticism is occasion
ally passed — mostly in private — on the
manner in which "the Gibsons" have
been quartered in the country; but I
must confess that I do not altogether
sympathize with it. Doubtless the
Lord chancellor was the making of the
fortunes of the other members of his
family; but he himself got his post
through his own ability in the House
of Commons, and why should he not
promote or help in the promotion of his
relatives if they were fit for the posts
they have got. as they are? On the
other hand, the English Lord Chancel
lor has got, from the manner in which
he has exercised his very considerable
powers of patronage, the name of "the
Lord Hieh Jobber." How far he de
serves the somewhat opprobrious ap
pellation I do not know, though I have
heard of some rather queer appoint
ments made by him from time to time.
The opening day of the horse show
was chosen by the Irish Daily Inde
pendent — the Dublin organ of the Par
nelllte party — for an exhibition of en
terprise which will be of interest to
Irish-Americans. On that day it ap
peared in an enlarged size, with some
of its pages printed in two colors by a
new printing press. The machine is an
American one — the Goss, from Chicago
— and is the first of its kind, not merely
in Ireland or in the United Kingdom,
but in Europe.
COMPANY F BREAKS
CAMP AT SANTA CRUZ
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 10.— In obedience
to marching orders Company F, Sixth
California Volunteers, who for the past
three months have been on guard duty
at the California Powder Works, left this
morning for San Francisco. Yesterday
the tents and camp paraphernalia were
packed and shipped, and the last night at
Camp Merriam was spent under the
Fhf-!t«-r tents.
This morning before 6 o'clock the two
and a half miles march from Camp Mer
riam was commenced. On River street the
men were all presented with floral bou
tonnieres by young ladies.
The boys in blue cheered Mrs. Rodgers
as they passed up the avenue, as they did
the McLaughllna while passing Golden
Gate Villa.
At the depot they were drawn up in line
ami Lieutenant Governor Jeter stepped
forward and spoke in behalf of the people
of Santa Cruz. He said he know the boys
Were disappointed in not bolng sent to the
front, but they would all return home. If
they were at the front one-half might be
sick of fever or dead, and perhaps no
body but Captain Rottanzi would get back
safely.
( 'aptain Lucey, on behalf of the com
pany, said words could not express tho
gratitude of the soldiers to the people of
Sunta Cruz for their kindness, and he
called for three cheers for Santa Cruz,
which the men gave in a most hearty
manner.
Lieutenant Governor Jeter proposed
three choirs for Captain Lucey and the
members of Company F. The people took
it up and they were rousers.
At 7 o'clock the train pulled out with the
band playing and whistles blowing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•g£/s r^.^ "*vr*^ {?**>**•» rivrir-s
lExTAiidTtor |
| Arid J
j
y John T.Gilman of Rocky 5
9 Bar, Idaho, writes: "I
Jj was treated in 1891 and
«am glad to indorse the
Keeley Cure in all it B
I claims to do for fallen $
Jman." |)
1 If you want to stop, 9
J * 'take the Keeley." Ii)
7 Send for prlr.ted matter that tells all Z.
U abuut It. . H
2 THE KEKLBV INSTITUTES. . Ji
S™ UTO Market Street, San Francisco ?
n Donohoe Rulldlne. J
3 »« N\ Main Street. L.o> Aiigelea. X
H lTr«ii A Pol'oct. Manafer. . \i '
W ww <sar«: a un \*nss «9
..Use; and
Facial Soap vi/ Facial Cream.
Putr Noses, Hump, Flat, Broken,' 111-Shaped
Noses made to harmonize with the other fea-
tures by DermatolOKlut JOHN H. WOODBURY.
127 W 42d st.. New York, 163 State St., Chicago.
Senator, Illustrated book. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
S YOl ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ENJOY THE AUTUMN EXHIBITIONS OF MILLINERY, DRESS GOODS,
* SILKS AND READY-TO-WEAR GARMENTS THIS WEEK.
The Dress Goods SrMS 'SiS
r - k ': . tion of the correct
for Autumn. w f a t ves Xl* ll t
winter. The great
collection already in evidence includes, in part:
Poplins Drap de Paris Sollels
Ottomans English Whipcorfls Henriettas
Eplngalines Satin Princess Zebelines ,
Cheviot Vigoreaux Two-Toned Whipcords Venetians
Granite Vigoreaux Jersey Serge Kerseys
Broadcloth . Jacquard Suitings Amazon
wizard Cloth Matlasse Suiting Sicilians
Ottoman, Crepe, Granite, Poplin, Berber, Zebellne Plaids.
42-inch American Covert Cloth, in 8 shad-s, heavy
enough and firm enough for tailor-made costumes, -r\
positively the best value ever offered at SUC
42-inch Silk and Wool Irliescent Broche Suiting,
in five rich and fetching combinations, rich and - n
unassuming SUC
45-inch English Whipcord Suiting, in the new blue,
new brown, new red, new olive, extellent for wear, Qc
rich in appearance ; _ OOC
52-inch Amazon Cloth, In the very newest colors —
blue, brown, red, olive, — broadcloth finish ** nn
and appearance, only - $>.UU
52-inch English Corkscrew Twill, In the new autumn
colors, the cloth Is especially Imported for tailor * f cr .
garments and will give most satisfactory wear vj>J.OU
58-inch Venetian Suiting, In the correct tailor t1 __
cloth effects, a superb value at the price vpJ./O
Black Dress Goods.
40-inch All-Wool Black Wide Wale Serge, very _ n
heavy and closely woven, will not pull nor fray. SUC
44-lnch Black Crepon, in figured and Bayadere * t nr .
effects, only just in and very special _ »p>»UU
46-inch Black Mohair Granite, In ten entirely new de-
signs, the cloth is also entirely new and as a dust- tff nn
repellant is unequaled, it has the sheen of satin.... $I.UU
58-inch Black English Serge, one of the finest tff _ n
grades made and an unquestioned bargain at $J.SU
Groceries-Liquors
Vulcan Matches, package of one
dozen boxes 7c
Good Blended Tea, lb 30c
Miner's Breakfast Cocoa, tins.22c
' Epp's Cocoa, J^-lb tins 20c
Ghlrardelli's Cocoa, K'lb tins 23c
Cracked Cocoa, lb 35c
Cocoa Shells, Ib 7c
Ghirardelli's Eagle Chocolate, i-lb
pkgs 23c
Ghirardelli's Unsweetened Choco-
late, i-lb pkes 38c
Louis Frere's French Mustard 22c
Limburger Cheese, 2-lb bricks 30c
Pineapple Cheese, small 58c
Manzanilla Olives in bulk, gallon. 7sc
3-lb Standard Table Fruits, can 13c
Shrimp-Bloater and Anchovy Paste,
pots 25c
New Evaporated Apricots, nice
goods, lb I2i^c
Loose R: Mns, lb 5c
Floating White Soap, bar 5c
Klngsford's Corn Starch, i-lbkpgs.Bc
Wood Lawn Maple Syrup, gallon
cans $1.16
Pabst Malt Extract, dozen $2.65
lain Schiedam Gin, bottle $1.25
Shaw's Pure Malr, bottle $1.00
Bourbon Whiskey, bottle 65c
Tom Gin, b0tt1e......"... ......90c
Provost Scotch Whiskey, bottle:sl.3s
Extra Zinfandel, 1 doz quart bot- >
tles $2.70
Our Special SSbeJS
Hat at $1.85. ment ad -
iidi di q)i.O3. ]oining the
Men's Furnishings offers values that
cannot be duplicated in this cltv.
Black and Brown Derby, 52.50
/£ = \__ in aII the
s=^ ==s=:^ Fedoras
in all the popular dimensions, heavy
all silk band and bind- 4 _ _
ing $1.85
Children's n;w shapes, Tarns,
yachts, and golfs, in a variety of
shades and materials, cloth, a q
serge, cassimeres and leather... 4/C
c ■-' ■- ■■ - ■
Face "Psyche," the purest
' ate liquid face powder—
rOWder. Preparation that gives
the skin a rich tone
anJ preserves the comphxion— money
refunded if not satisfactory — per orv
bottle OUC
The Bargain Climax in Furniture Has Been Reached.
Compare our extraordinary quotations for the coming week with the best furniture prices you have ever known—take into consideration the thoroughly dependable Qualities of
the articles that we offer, and you will acknowledge our claim of absolutely the lowest prices in California. We've established a new furniture -selling record with this sale.
Oi*^ & ) l/>: ft \ This very handsome real mahogany five-piece parlor suit, In new ji-» "■- 'rrf^i— i/r- m- . —Tr T^^^^^p — Ut^ ' '1
< : L[[4J6'; \ . ■- style, of frames; coverings silk brocatelle, hair fillings; made by |'"£ r *^xr *"\J : --" ii ° * ( . > ' *^T
This fine enameled Bed, dainty \\l\£t6b{J*'wr our own upholsterers and guaranteed worth $125. ForC7C ftf| \ — • z Sgg=aeaicgrrg'°^* g >^ iTjr^^Tf
brass trimmings. 11-16-inch , nLt~^*^d) ' this sale 0n1y....... ■ ii -.3>/3tUU- | —^^^F -*m r». V^— — =— ~-S. -> ' ' *=»•
posts, any size. This C 3 QB f " m s m I*' . "^fr^^l *:''-& «■«».«=, f^Tt. ~ ■
-" : 53<95 dr^Hs Mb mm J@P@Ll^ p| |^3j^
SjtoZT ntil/IJiIW Wl" % **»*». VV^S^ _iT VV/ <j? | "*____T W? Tjl! >.. . i -Zj If t b 'ff' " T^L •ll Pieces J6o— Solid Oak Bedroom Hardwood, Antique Finish 3-piece Bedroom
e j '" ' -=ss:^=^ e^L^—- ■ — ■■ > H tr?7*bv /ms2£^* '^J»ll /ffl^V 7 ' " -'-i^^sJi I SG^ifu.l ■ ti!S3fei pPt highly polished; heavy carvings Set, like picture; handsomely carved, highly
__m VZiiSi'fT"^ \{ "' e *r" >&" p : >a fyS^/m l^-^-" ; ~-'^^?U Uf-K -:*"■*-"* '"• •^vVJal II «£tt^S| ' *•'— ~r~* and headings; French beveled ser- polished; made by one of the best manu-
. V _-PQI ■ '/ . f,—: ■ . . lln'l ' lil.il ul ii i/l .V Jr Hi — tn pentlne mirror; swell front, bureau facturers of furniture In Grand Rapids. Mich. ;
L 3 " I cs^tl J» '\ I I J IL . --^^Jjll II U__ ' —li \ >>y- . I _JJ and washstand; stronß heavy cast- beveled glass, 20x22 inches; Clfi AA
= = 7D,F J L I ! K"V**\. \ "" JIH -^=J| il H IICI —^ZS» Jll ll' ines: bureau has French legs. • worth $25; for this sale 3>IO.UU
n {UsL^D = Lf^™^"" 1^ \4 •*«■ ™ - **" "=5-*" =5 -* U* 5 !" • •.— fclu * v—u — .~~ -* .—* Bed, Bureau, 2 . Pillows, . Wash- -:N '=--
•"i ._* " _ -_ - ■*! ' 01 B Five-piece Parlor Suit, like picture; durable tapestry coverings, in stand. Table. Rocker. 2' Chairs, o
. — -**-: *"* T-SMlfo—— . S " a variety of colors; fine mahogany finish; regular <L|Q 7K Spring Mattress. Toi> qLA'y Cfk ! o
I - >^SgSag=^== i The Ver> Bt y llsil W 5 30 - During this sale vDIT7. f J Mattress; this week.. <4»1-^»vJV _ ■g^jjj'ji
This square Solid Oak Dining glass; rack 7 feet 3 -Vl r. *T mT^At " A^vS^/ , Y^L vi \p VgrSc M
Table will seat 14 people- com-. Inches high, 34 i r%\ w*.^^^ f -r-^^f(\ x^*"— -t— -.——^r 2^." ■ .X, - : AW/- ' \^mi; xf!TH~r4 A I }
fortably when extended, and Is inches wide. This , |S,| vF^^^'^^''^ \\ ■ "' '.^~s. JJwSI r^^^sr (~- ■^-j|— h^CSJ 1
worth $12. For this sale CIJ en week very spe- I | ||f!| 11 7T>/^ \\\ " „,. ■" , '.3^4^ • \K \t?v ' VI As. 4 f fliH^ \
the special price is «3>/.3U clal at -$22.50 I \M l\ \\ [l \\ .^^2=^^ - 4r^l ''%'-■(& ' *"m T ■"■'FVl^Oi
fec*^ —^k\ . Subßtantlal $12 Hall Rack, VS. ■"*' )\ 1 s^^~~l?\ "~^~~~Z. I ' pieces, so that they may be I /^sg^Bafe/ll ■ : /^* Sc ti'ii' 'i in _M ■ :
o^^w^b^eTFTenci \k^P 9^/] • f"»f W l^^ e h^™ & . IW^/j ' This handsome ?1 8 Bed. ful, sweli exten-
WSubßtantlal «2 Hall Rack, S^S II ; .^r V[ ■ ' ***• pieces,' so that they $8;50 , I ••'m/TII II • trtmmlnss $12.00
■ ■ : :' ■ -:, H^^^^^^l Th 50 Solid Oak Quar- p Mi's h^QuartS fSIKSS^S-y^ ™V^ffiSJ: .^S^^Q^^/
pfer?d nlnK f^ hh d le ' SB — ™| SsfflsS«aSßr,aE b?e We iarte rlO cur^ hfghly >^^>M&^.
rar b|nianf, S y ; h p f g, 2 Vdwood Wire-sprtng j SoT^MO^ " fe N b^ s° h P e1 if FrS ' C 5&. - SWSSft g?!?"^ tap?- f J m ' e s . C feetTTnch^'^id^^
ishrd; seats 12 people; regu- Cots, 6 feet 4 Inches long. $ ; DOZEN TO A CUSTOMER: legs; regular $6 ta- of colors in velours and cor- . - estry, 6 colors inches' comfortably slanted ne'ad- uphol-
t l*rly *23. $18.00 lnch r wide; thls 51.50 -at .this . week's $1 65 bll;' thls s2 75 : duro : regularly $7 50 . This- c 4 %■ 'iSSS ''in fine ° French veloura.CiO 7c
this sale vi»i«-»»vrv wee k only- for... *4» l »*-»v epecial price, each f«J»I«V»sJf «J»l«V»sJ -week >>;# <J>a»#CJ. $12- for this sale.... <;i '* » " week 9'«*J This week... a>lJ«/O
THE EMPORIUM.
Tbe $15,000 Painting, Sheridan' s T^ide."
Free Exhibition, Art T^pom, Second Floor.
nPEPuUM
PrP r Ooldenftule Bazaar.
California's Largest, America's Grandest Store.
Stein-Bloch Suits, $10.75.
• Continuation this week of the sale of those excellent
$1% and $17.50 fall weight genuine Stein-Bloch Business
Suits for men at $10.75— Fa1l Suits, mind you. Without
using extravagant language, we wish to impress the fact
that this is the best bargain in Men's to- Wear
Suits ever offered by the big store.
Hn This label is better known to wear-
I ers of good clothing than any other
Efljß^SfflßßfflEßSßß This label is on every one of the
BJBsiJSflSMwifflfllKßl suits offered in this sale.
lllate^g^Hf^^jwtjwJßß Ordinary ready-made suits are no
■|HHQ|M| I comparison. Stein-Bloch Suits look
WM MiJMMMJiMJfi H better and are better than the best of
them.
We Can Fit Average, Stout or Slim Men.
Fall Opening '98.
Millinery— Furs— Cloaks— Suits.
Commencing Wednesday, September 14, and continuing Thursday, Friday and
Saturday, we make the opening displays of our unmatchable collection of exclusive
styles of Imported Pattern Hats and Bonnets, Model Gowns, Novelty Jackets and
Capes and Tailor Dresses, Rich and, Elegant Fur Garments, Lingerie and Children's
Apparel. Second Floor— East Side— Front.
yf^rri Men's Shoes
Here's a real bargain—
\«\V Men's Bhck Vici KJd
/ Lace Shoe, like plc-
| /JCkL ture < new ? ln to s '
v >.^^M^»^imitation tips, one-
welt
soles, all sizes and widths.... $3.50.
Blankets.
White Wool Blankets, for double
beds, size 12x80 inches, almost pure
wool, a«d unshrinkable, combin
Ing warjfith with lightness, *_ Q _
pair <4>Q,70
A superior grade California-made
White Wool Blankets, 6 feet wide,
solidly woven and durable, a , «_
pair $6.00
About 100 pairs \i\i Whi'e Lambs'
Wool Blankets, some slightly soiled,
an extra size and superior *_ _.
quality, pair $7.50
3 cases choice White Blankets,
Australian wool, beautiful in * Q _ n
fabric and finish, pair $7.00
Gloves in Bi"ff"S
r 11 g> 1 lady In tne
Fall tOIOrS. State to know
that we sell the
best one dollar glove made. The new
stock is here in the autumn shades of
ox-bloods, greens, browns, tans,
modes; also white and black, latest
embroidery on backs, all * t nrk
sizes, p*r pair $1.00
Every Pair Fitted and Guaranteed.
Ladi;s' 2-clasp superior quality
French Kid Gloves In the new au-
tumn shades of oxbloods, English
reds, greens, blues, browns, tans,
mode; also white and black; new
style embroidery, all sizes, *. __
per pair $1.25
Every Pair Fitted and Guaranteed.
THE EMPORIUM.
Shirt Sale *«
Extraordinary, the prices
' of our regu-
lar 95c White Shirts to 670 These
Shirts bear our
/<^^ own woven
/rfTLM . label, and we
I** 1 only put our
s? \^tj » trademark on
z^^J^ri A\\ goods that we
MF\\ JFl\\\\v can n ever
ff \ ygb I W way guaran-
/ \L<^ h\ tee ' Themus-
ArP« I&K ''" »s fine and
\ r\ \jEfs- heavy— the
\^[ \. Jjf^ linen 1900
/ mn m d4v threads to the
/ggs||EjfMs\ inch— all open-
(C^^lamK/ ings are stayed
]rf*n a n seams
double sewed— Long Bosom, open
front. Long Bosom, open front and
back. Short Bosom, open front and
back. Short Bosom, open front.
67c.
Hair Large size Hair
" aM Brushes, wood back,
BrtlSheS. ml *ed bristle stock,
fhe kind that sells
always for 25c, at the Big Store .^
1 Comforters.
Bed Comforters, full standard siz\
fancy silkoline on one side, plain
silkoline on the other, tufted and
edged in fancy wool, white l f -_
clean filling, special each »pJ.Z£>
Choice Silkoline Covered Com-
forters, elegant in colorings and su-
perior in make and material <* 1 Qr .
each $J."O
Full-size Comforters, filling clean
and warm, covering choice and
stylish, flounced with silk in *<« Q _.
assorted colorings, each $^.o5
I THE EMPORIUM.
Autumn <tilLc A superb assortments
Autumn aiiKs Black Dress silks in
and Velvets, e er y n ? w f K a , nc y' I! S
all fashionable fall
weaves; the domestic manufacturer striving for
supremacy with the famous Lyons weavers; sat-
in Luxor Pekin, Moire Mirror Pekin, Bayadere
Novelties, Poult de Soie Fancies, Ras de Coun-
tess Broche, rich plain Satin Duchess, pure Yarn
Dye Taffetas, Gros Grain, etc., together with a
most attractive showing of high-class novelty
silks, such as Embroidered Taffeta, Cameo Sat-
in Plaids, Ombre Praids, Ombre Graduated
Stripes, French Ribbon Plaids, etc.
22-inch Novelty Plaid Taffeta, wide satin cross *f • __
bar and ombre effects > »pl./O
20-inch Striped Taffeta, embroidered fancy -.^ in
figured, latest novelties „ .pi* JU
24-inch Plain Stripe Taffsta, new colorings, * f nfk
extra heavy quality - 4>J.UU
20 inch Novelty Stripe Taffeta, all of the new * f ftn
shades, assortments complete Z »pJ.IHJ
New : Satin Stripe Invisible Plaid Taffeta, 20 inches
wide, unusually heavy quality; also White Satin *.« in
Pekin Stripes In same grade; six new colors of each »p*».JO
27-inch Plain All-Silk Taffetas, good heavy tf «-_
quality, black, new reds, turquoise, greens, etc 4>**zs
22-inch Black Figured Taffeta and Gros Grain, oc
small, attractive designs M O3C
22-inch Black Satin Duchess, all silk, very * 1 A
heavy quality «pl*sU
New Velvets.
19-inch Silk Velvets, a complete line of the + t -,
new autumn colors $1.75, $1.50 and $I.ZD
19-inch Lyons Silk Velvets, extra value, a *- nr .
superb quality - $Z.UU
20-inch All-Silk Mirrolr Velvets, a full line of the new
colorings, such as turquoise, orange, blues and *_. AA
greens $4.50 and $5.00
24-inch Velveteen, all new autumn shades, ex- __
tra heavy quality „ 75c
Sheets and Cases.
Bleached Sheeting, for double beds,
81 inches wide, heavy round thread,
undressed, good wearer; we keep
no common sheeting, per t^j
yard >O2C
Same grade as above, in same
width, but unbleached, per f _
yard *5c
Bleached Bed Sheets, 93 inches
wide, good material, nicely made,
laundered and ready for use, _ rt
each 50c
Double Bed Sheets, bleached, well
made, ready for use, size 81x90 .-.
inches, each 4.Z2C
Pillow Cases, hemstitched, . tor
large pillows, size 25x36 inches, 1A
ready for use, each >4C
Pillow Cases, strong muslin, well
made, size 27x36 inches, f _
each JSC
r»«|« Black Shirred
OllK Liberty Silk Col-
f nlLirnttAC larettes in all the
are LteS. latest styles, ac-
cordion pleated or satin ends, at
$350, *2.25, 5i.75, *i.25.t« nn
and $ .00
■ fi. ■"■'" ~
Fronts. JM^llf
Latest Nov- T\ -aTj?r
elty Blouse /^^iX
Fronts, like JL \ **W
picture, made yjm SavngvjT
to wear with 4jr^sj|==f3B
black, creams! f/^^^^^S
pink or blue, f«HW \
Liberty Satin WMBf \
material, with li|»A
handsome ixWWMI / .nV-
stock collar, }WUS W*--
elaborately rT^^^^&sil
trimmed in —^^^^^j , 1
shirred silk, at ' '///A If '
f3-50, $3 and I I'L (l/ll '
it "*"
THE EMPORIUM.
Sale of Fine Lamps.
Nearly 100 of the
handsomest Lamps ■ c%
In the store have \fl
been greatly reduc- tjj
ed to sell them
quickly before ar- /f&&P\.
rival of the new IJ&T J\
lamp stock en route. ET^y ■«w&v'l
These are the very \ \ •'yi
finest parlor lamps. vK^" 4/
$15 Gilt Banquets, uqjs
now $9.00
$12 Gilt Banquets. xirffio^-,
now $7.00 jeiliijt
$14 D;ltt Banquets, JsFr&K
now $9.00 BSJSSSRS
$10 Delft Banquets, X^in&
n0w.....!... $7.00 V x Mf
J4.50 Vase Lr.mps. . xsgf
now $3.00 vV>l
$3.25 Vase Lamps,; Y^\
now $2.00 A-JWV
$2.75 Vase La mps ffa^-?
now $1.75 jc^p^raSSi^
Ji.so Vase Lamns. gdß^K§T3KS§S^a
now 98c ci t«p22gptSs^
Handkerchief JXes plend in
OfferinqS. handkerchiefs
** selected from
score of bargains, in this week's
handkerchief sale. See the novel
Window display.
300 dozen lace-edged and em-
broidered Lawn Handkerchiefs, a
dozen styles to choose from and _
a great valu? at the price, each... 5c
Big lot of Swiss Scalloped Em-
broidered Handkerchiefs on ' n
sheer cloth, pretty borders, each *0c
Lace Curtains.
Nottingham Lace Curtains, size
3^ yards by 50 inches, white or ecru,
dainty Brussels effects, per *_ __
pair $2.00
Nottingham Lace Curtains, 3^
yards long, 50, 54 and 58 inches wide,
white or ecru, heavy imitation tfo __
Irish point effects, per pair $0.75
Plain center Curtains, exact copies
of heavy French Lace, ecru or white,
314 yards long and 54 inches *_ __
wide, per pair $s*oo
Genuine Brussels Curtains, In
white only, 3 A yards long, 50 inches
wide, excellent value, per *_ __
pair $5.00
Genuine Irish Point Curtains in
white or. ecru, 3l3 l yards long <*_ n _
and 50 inches wide, good value $5.00
Real Calais Curtains, very heaviiy
corded, our special pattern, c 1 n „
per pair J0.50
New Curtain Department— *
First Floor— Under Parlor.
56
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER n, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. JLEAKE^jS^anager^^
Publication office MarKet arxi Third st*.. s. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) !•
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montrj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ year, by molt. $1.50 |
OAKLAND OFFICE ._~.-.* 908 Broadway ]
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Baildlng
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfts Hon««
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bedding
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open urjtH 9:30 o'clock- '
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second arm
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS
Columbia— "Number Nine."
Baldwlu— "Mary Stuart," Monday night.
Alcazar— • Th<» First Born" and " Turned Up.'"
Morcsco's— "Shall We ForKlvo Her. - ""'■
Tlvoll— "Lucretla Borgia."
Crpheum -Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Treading Man."
Ailiambnt, Eddy and Jones streets — Vaudeville.
Ihe Chutes— 7.oo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fight.
Clytnpla— Mason and Edu> streets— Specialties.
i.utro'6 Baths— Swimming-.
Recreation Part— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing- At Uolon Couralng- Park.
L'ourslnsr — lnpleeldo Courslnp Park.
AUCTION, SAL.ES.
By G. n. Umhsen k Co.— Monday, September 12, Real Estate
at It Mont6otnery street, at 12 o'clock.
MOGUIRES PRIVILEGED CLASSES.
JUDGE MAGUIRE will try in vain to limit the
issues of the campaign to a discussion of the
Southern Pacific road. That unfortunate and
much berated enterprise reminds one of Byron's
apostrophe to woman:
"Thou shouldst have no. sins of thine own to answer
for.
Thou art the author of such a book of follies in
man."
If the Southern Pacific Company answers for the
book of follies in California in the record of dema
gogues who have achieved office by fighting it, it
should be excused for any peccadillos of its own.
But, after all, the railroad" has no complaint to
make. It is a secondary offender, in a lower class
than the land-owner. Men can carry their goods on a
pack mule or wagon. The owners of railroads have
not taken away from the people anything they had
before. The wagon roads and rivers, the bay and
the ocean are left. If the shippers don't like the rates
they can resort to other means of transportation.
Judge Maguire does not say that the railroad has
robbed the people of anything as essential to their
life as air and sunshine. But he clues make this serious
charge against the land-owner.
The private owners of land, who have put their
money into real estate, are likened by Maguire unto
those who would monopolize the air and sunshine.
While he denounces railroads he proposes to destroy
the land-owners.
In his campaign against "special privileges" he puts
the land-owner first among monopolists and charges
him with all the crime and poverty in the world.
Indeed in his letter to the single taxers of the State of
Washington he says if land everywhere can be con
fiscated and taken away from the private owner, the
whole world will immediately become a republic!
This being so, the sins of the land-owner are as
scarlet. He is not only a "cunning aggressor" and
robber of "the weak and undesigning," but he is re
sponsible for all the monarchies and autocracies of
the world as well.
The Judge has not yet charged that to the South
ern Pacific Railroad, nor has he said that Govern
ment ownership of railroads will immediately repub
licanize the world.
A study of his system of politics seems to demon
strate that, carried out, it will create more privileged
classes than it destroys. By putting all the taxes on
land he intends to destroy the private owners and get
them out of the way as a privileged class. These un
fortunates have chosen to put their earnings in land
instead of in railroads. The owners of railroads
are to be exempted from taxes on their money,
tracks, stations, terminals, ferry-boats, cars, loco
motives, coal, ties and material.
Exemption from taxation is surely a high privilege
and those who enjoy it are a privileged class.
When it is considered that nine-tenths of the cost
of government is for the benefit of the owners of per
sonal property, exemption of such owners from the
payment of any of that cost is a distinct privilege.
The Police and Fire departments of this city are
maintained solely in the interest and for the protec
tion of the personal property and improvements
which Maguire proposes to exempt from taxation.
No one can steal and carry off town lots nor set fire
to them. The owners of land need no such protec
tion. Land goes infrequently into the courts. It
passes probate once in every generation, and that is
about all. The courts are kept a*nd paid to protect
the rights of personal property, compel payment of
insurance on buildings and enforce the collection of
debt?. All of these choses in action are exempted
from tax by Magtrire, and the cost of protecting and
adjusting them is to be taken out of the land.
The common man wiH see that this exemption
clearly creates a privileged class. Again, it is the spirit
of our institutions to put church organizations on a
Irvel and tax them, for it is a law inexorable that
property accumulates at the point of non-taxation.
It has been held against public policy, under our sys
tem, to encourage the accumulation of property in
ecclesiastical ownership. Does Maguire think it is
good policy to encourage such ownership? His pro
posed exemption will tend to accelerate it.
General Miles declines to talk any more. Unlike
some political speakers he has the prescience to know
when he has got through.
There is every probability that after the November
election Judge Maguire will resume the practice of
law in this city.
It is to be regretted that in the late war red tape
stood between many a soldier and his abdominal
badge.
People who believe in the single tax also entertain
the cheering belief that the other fellow will pay the
tax.
PIETY AND_TfJX SHIRKING.
\A R. JOHN J. VALENTINE, known as presi
/ \ dent of Wells, Fargo & Co., and noted for
piety, will go to church this morning and
thank God he is not as other men. In his unctuous
fervor he will express gratitude to Providence that
while other men have to pay war taxes he has found
a means of evading them. He may even feel so
uplifted in his conceit of this matter that he will drop
an extra nickel in the collection box and rejoice that
the Lord has provided him a means of getting it
back again by making the patrons of his express
company pay it.
Such may be the devotions of the pious tax shirker
this Sunday, but other Sundays are coming when he
will not be so grateful — when he may even be heard
complaining that the Lord has forsaken him and
left him in his old age subject to taxes just as any
ordinary citizen whose piety is not ostentatious
enough to be conspicuous through the city.
The reason why this change is likely to come over
the devotions of the prayerful preyer upon the public is
that Wells, Fargo & Co. may have to pay their taxes
after all. As will be seen by our local columns this
morning a suit has been begun by W. E. Costey to
compel the express company to accept freight for
shipment from him without his paying the revenue
duties. This suit raises an issue for the courts, and
with its decision will come an end to the petty rob
bery which the company and its psalm singing presi
dent have been practicing upon the people.
It is to be noted that the position taken by Mr.
Coster is exactly that taken by The Call and other
newspapers of the city. Wells, Fargo & Co. not
long ago declared the newspapers must pay the cost
of revenue stamps on packages of papers shipped by
them through the company's express, and the pious
president suggested a cunning means by which the
papers could cheat the Government and ship a whole
wagonload of papers as one package. The Call and
other newspapers of the city refused. They main
tained that it was the duty of the express company
to pay the tax, and after some bluster the company
yielded.
Every citizen has the same right to ship packages
by Wells, Fargo & Co. without paying the revenue
duties, that newspapers have. The express company
demands the cost of the stamps from the ordinary
shipper simply because the officers of the company
believe the shipper will not fight. The suit begun
by Mr. Costey is therefore a battle for the public
good. It is a notice to the corporation that the
people, no more than the press, will submit to extor
tion on the part of unpatriotic tax shirkers.
The company has recently issued a pamphlet de
fending its attempt to rob the public and cheat the
Government. This production is prefaced with the
statement: "It is of the essential nature of a docu
mentary stamp tax that the burden falls upon the
beneficiary." This queer sentence, whose curious
construction could have been the result only of a
most prayerful consideration, means that whoever is
to get the benefit of a taxed article or transaction is
to pay the tax; that is to say, if a purchaser of patent
pills gets any benefit from them he must pay the tax;
if not, then the seller must pay the tax. By this
reasoning the man who draws a check ought not to
pay the tax, because the man to whom k is payable
gets the benefit.
Wells, Fargo & Co., taking their sentence as an
axiom, not to be disputed, argue from it that their
company is a public benefactor and that all who pat
ronize it are the recipients of benefits. Mr. John J.
Valentine, it will be seen, is determined to pose as
a philanthropist as well as a steady church goer. The
general public, however, even if they accept the
axiom, will not accept the conclusion. They will
hold that the company is the beneficiary, the ship
pers are the benefactors, and that by the rule as laid
down the company should pay the tax.
The justice of the popular contention is beyond
refutation. The express company is capitalized at
$8,000,000, and the earnings last year amounted to 10
per cent on that sum. Of the vast capital only
$500,000 represents money paid in. The rest is ficti
tious. With a capital that has so largely expanded
and with an income so large it is clear that Wells,
Fargo & Co. have been very extensive beneficiaries
of the trade of the public and are. by their own reas
oning, in duty bound to pay the tax the Government
imposed upon them.
This pamphlet, like all the other arguments and
bluffs of the express company, is simply a move to
gain time, a trick to get the people to wait. When
the merchants of San Francisco began to take steps
to bring about a decision on the right of the com
pany to exact the revenue tax from its patrons, the
officials persuaded them to abandon the project by as
serting that the same issue was to be raised in the East
and would be speedily heard and settled there. Time
has passed, but no decision has come from the East.
The merchants were tricked.
When the combined express companies of the
country, by a collusion which was itself unlawful, de
cided to unite for the purpose of shirking the tax, an
opinion was obtained on the question from Attorney
General Griggs to the effect that the companies must
pay. Some time afterward the attorney for the ex
press companies, John J. McCook, of New York, a
man eminent at the bar, in politics and in the church,
and having three several kinds of pulls, induced the
Attorney General to so far change his original declar
ation as to declare that as to the issue between the
shippers and the express companies the Government
was indifferent. In other words, so long as the
Government derives the required revenue, it matters
not who pays it.
In that condition the controversy stands now, and
the action brought by Mr. Costey is a veritable gain
for the people. It brings the issue to a point where
neither the company, by its tricks and Its bluffing, nor
the president, by his prayers or his pamphlets, can
keep it from determination by the courts. If now
the case can be forced to a speedy hearing and de
cision, all will be well.
In the meantime the people must not forget that
a Legislature is to be elected, from which relief may
be expected. A recent decision by a court in Wash
ington City holds that the rates of telephone com
panies are subject to revision by legislative authority.
The telephone company of the District of Columbia
by that decision has been compelled to serve the pub
lic at the rates fixed by Congress.
What has been done there can be done in Cali
fornia. The enormously rich express company,
whose capital has expanded from $500,000 to $8,000,
000 and whose earnings are 10 per cent, most of whose
business is done in this State, while nine-tenths of
the stock is held in the East, is a legitimate subject
for taxation and regulation at the coming session of
the State legislative body.
The people should see to it that men are elected in
every Assembly district who will investigate the af-.
fairs of the company and arrange for taxation and
rate regulation according as justice dictated.
This subject is one which the telephone company
as well as the express company should heed. The
people are weary of the tricks and frauds of wealthy
tax-shirking corporations, and all of them will have
a day of reckoning when the Legislature meets this
winter.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
BY the hand of the assassin who struck to death
the Empress of Austria the anarchists of
Europe have accomplished another of those ter
rible crimes which they call triumphs. A woman,
venerable for her years, loved for her virtues and
made sacred to every noble heart by the many sor
rows that have fallen upon her august head, has been
stabbed and murdered for no other reason than that
of being the wife of the sovereign of a great people.
This latest crime of anarchy is in many respects
the worst and most revolting of all. The wretches
who aimed their bombs or their poniards at
the Czar of Russia, the President of France
or the Prime Minister of Spain, could
at least claim that they struck at men; but
this scoundrel who perpetrated the crime at the Hotel
Beaurivage was of that unredeemable baseness that
not only commits causeless murder through devilish
malignancy, but strikes at womanhood itself, even
when crowned with gray hairs and robed in garments
of mourning.
The fated house of Atreus, whose many calamities
furnished the Greek dramatists with the awful trage
dies which still move the hearts of men, was not
subject to a more direful doom than that which has
befallen the ill-fated house of Hapsburg in this gen
eration. By a strange contrast with their terrible for
tunes, the Emperor and the Empress have been
among the worthiest that ever sat upon a throne.
Francis Joseph has long been familiarly spoken of
as "the beloved Emperor." The Empress herself was
one of the most popular women in Europe, revered
in her own land for her bountiful charities and
gracious ways, and respected everywhere for her
courtesy of manner, her frank kindliness and her
genuine goodness of heart.
It was to her generous confidence in the general
love of the people and her unassuming simplicity of
manner that her assassin owed the opportunity he
found to strike his cowardly blow. The Empress was
without guards. She was living amid the Swiss
mountains in the simplicity of Swiss life. Any one
could approach her without let or hindrance. She
feared none, for she had done wrong to none. She
forgot that to the anarchist it is not necessary that
there should be a cause for a crime — that to him all
that is necessary is an opportunity.
It will be remembered that when the Immigration
restriction bill was under consideration in the House
of Representatives the friends of the measure urged
as one strong argument in its favor that it would ex
clude from the United States the class of people who
have committed the crimes of anarchy in Europe.
Judge Maguire not only opposed the bill, but avowed
his antagonism to any policy of excluding such men.
In the course of a speech delivered in the House
January 27, 1897, on the restricts 1 bill he declared
the exclusion of anarchists, socialists and nihilists
was not desirable, and said: "They are generally
educated men, many of them holding university de
grees, whose offending consists of resistance to ty
ranny, which in the conditions under which they live
is obedience to God. Who are the nihilists? They
are the Democrats of Russia, who are struggling
against almost hopeless odds to establish the in
alienable rights of man in that country as against
the tyranny and false pretense of divine right on the
part of the Czar."
Since that speech was delivered the anarchists of
Europe have struck two blows, and Canovas of
Spain and Elizabeth of Austria are dead; and now
the Congressman who wished the doors of this coun
try kept open to the coming of such criminals is a
candidate for the governorship of California.
POLITICS fIND THE TAX LEVY.
NO satisfactory evidence has been pVoduced to !
prove that the Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors has ever, as charged by the !
$30,000 "advertising" contract Examiner, contem
plated the imposition of a tax levy for the current |
fiscal year of $2 10. The committee has as yet held
no meetings and given no consideration to the sub
ject. In fact, two members of the committee are out
of town. Captain Rottanzi is with his company at j
the Santa Cruz powder-mill, and Devany is at Skaggs j
Springs recovering from a fit of sickness. The re- j
maining member, Haskins, says the coming tax levy
has never been discussed.
The alarming cry raised by the ex-railroad organ,
therefore, is political claptrap, and is probably intro
duced at this time for the purpose of diverting atten
tion from its operations with the Southern Pacific
and other corporations with which it usually does
business at election times. It will be remembered
that the $30,000 "advertising" contract with the rail
road monopoly was negotiated at the beginning of a
campaign, and was made payable in installments of
$1000 a month in order to keep the organ in line for
thirty months.
But even if it were a fact that the Finance Com
mittee contemplated an excessive tax levy — that is to
say, a tax levy which would produce more money
than the necessities of the city require — the Exam
iner should be the last to be heard in complaint. The
Board of Supervisors is Democratic, and the Finance
Committee is composed entirely of Democrats. Not
only this, but the entire board, and two members at
least of the Finance Committee, were named by
Mayor Phelan by and with the advice and consent
of the Examiner. It is a well-known fact that Mr.
Phelan declined to accept the nomination for Mayor
two years ago unless he could select the Supervisors.
It was stated at the time, and never has been denied,
that upon receiving this ultimatum Boss Rainey
transferred the nomination of the board to Phelan.
Of course that gentleman acted only after consulta
tion with the Third Street Boodler.
The Examiner buncombe howl about the tax levy,
however, is not based upon a desire to conceal its
responsibility for the existence of the "Shitty Eight"
and the record that muchly abused aggregation of
good Democrats have made. That sheet cares noth
ing for responsibility in any form. The howl is
launched solely for the purpose of setting up a false
issue and calling attention to the Spartan virtue of its
especial pet, the Mayor.
If a tax levy of $2 10 is levied the Third Street
Boodler will claim that it raised the alarm and did
what it could to avert the calamity. If no such levy
is imposed it will, with equal effrontery, claim that it
averted the calamity. In either event the Boodler
has a "sure thing."
If the Examiner were as certain of getting another
$30,000 "advertising" contract out of the Southern
Pacific this year as it is of establishing a reputation
as an irretrievable ass, it would indeed be a happy
sheet. But the grass is now too short for a contract.
The dry year has cut down railroad receipts, and Mr.
Huntington cannot afford to extend his payroll. The
only hope left for Hearst, therefore, is to blackmail
the water and gas companies and make what he can
out of local politics. Mr. Phelan ought to pay well
for the laudatory notices and pictures now being
printed in aid of his candidacy. The Mayor's leg will
stand a good pulling.
In many instances fusion has resulted in confusion,
and Colorado has added effusion to the list.
fINARCHY'S LATEST CRIME.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
According- to report, one Macfarlane,
a person concerned In the trial of Cur
tis for the murder of Policeman Grant,
passed through this city as a member
of the Astor Battery. If this is true,
he should remain at Manila, whether
above or below gTound does not par
ticularly matter. While, as a newspa
per man, I have observed some trials
not marked by regard either for law
or Justice, I think in all the history of
American jurisprudence there was
never another trial so farcical, bo rot
ten, such a travesty as that of Curtis.
That he was guilty nobody doubted, no
body who read the evidence could doubt;
and as for the jurymen who voted
to acquit, every one of them should
have been sent to jail. Not only was
the trial a succession of palpable per
juries, but there was scarcely an at
tempt at secrecy concerning this fact.
There could not have been a clearer
case. That Curtis went unpunished
was a lasting disgrace. Macfarlane
had to do. with fixing the matter.
Probably he did not accept this respon
sibility for fun. Still, there is a
bright side to the affair. Since bun
koing the rallows Curtis has stayed
away from California.
I have not the slightest ambition to
try the case of Mrs. Botkin. Last week
there were indications that the case
against her was groundless. At this
writing the shadows are gathering
about her. It may be they will van
ish as quickly as they came. The strik
ing point about the whole matter has
been the readiness of people to rush
forward with evidence apparently dam
aging, or designed to cloud the issue.
Most of them were quickly proved to
be pretenders, but this does not ac
count for their eagerness to be known
as voluntary bearers of false witness.
Another thing has been the amateur
analysis of the woman's demeanor.
Whether she is innocent or guilty is a
conclusion not to be drawn from her
conduct as a prisoner. Charged with
an awful crime, it would not be sur
prising were she to break down utter
ly, and it is not surprising that she
presents a cool and collected air. Jhere
is no rule about these things. To say
Bhe is guilty because she is calm as
a Durrant is precisely as illogical as
for the same reason to proclaim her
Innocence. She is to be pitied if her
fate is in any measure to hang upon
the testimony of handwritlne: experts.
Probably they deserve the title, but I
have observed that they will swear
warmly for the side that happens to
retain them. The only evidence upon
which a prisoner can be fairly tried
is that appealing to the senses. The
prisoner ought not to be judged either
by the dictum of an expert hired by
the other side or by the hysterics in
which the police are Indulging.
• • •
"An American"— l have no words to
waste on an anonymous ltar and cow
ard. Therefore I have none to waste
on you.
• • •
As a rule there cannot be sympathy
for the young woman who secures a
pistol and seta out to redress her own
wrongs, but I would make an excep
tion In behalf of Evelyn Holt, who took
a shot at Carl Fecker. The gravest
error chargeable to her is that she did
not manage to reach a vital spot. Not
that Evelyn is any rosebud of inno
cence herself, but she seems far supe
rior to the Fecker creature. He is one
of the cumberers of the earth who
ought to be killed on general princi
ples. It would appear that he lived
by fraud, and that the Holt woman
was one of his most profitable victims.
She gave him her money, which he
was too lazy to earn, and she gave him
her affection. It was all she had.
That she was weak and foolish to love
a brute of his unhallowed type is true,
but in no measure excuses him. She
ought to be able to get out of her dif
ficulty. A female who believes the
man who tells her he will marry her
after a while, meantime assuming to
ward him the relations of wifehood. Is
so big a fool that the plea of Idiocy
surely would set her free.
Some of the French officials claim
there Is evidence outside of the forged
letter of Captain Henry sufficient to
convict Dreyfus. Reference 19 doubt
less had to more forged letters. There
is a growing prejudice against evidence
of this sort. Nobody, outside of France
ever considered Dreyfus guilty and no
body, with the exception of a few who
were persecuted for it, ever seemed. to
care. There was a cry from the aris
tocracy that the man be sacrificed, and
he was. There have been times in the
history of France when the aristocracy
has failed to have things its own way,
and with all the ardor of absinthe, the
aristocracy is trying to induce history
to hasten the Inevitable repetition of it
self.
• • *
For J. "W. Bird of Sacramento I con
fess a lack of admiration. He has
put in a claim for $600, the reward of
fered for the arrest of the murderer of
some relatives. The murderer was
Frank Belew, who. was not only an as
sassin, but a brother-in-law to Bird.
Belew has been hanged, and Bird, the
betrayer, wants his pay. I suggest
that if he get it he devote a part of
it to keeping green the grave of Be
lew.
• * •
In a measure the Muser of the Delta
is mistaken. He says ; that when
others jump upon him I come, to his
rescue. ; Not so. He is amply compe
tent to take care of himself. I simply
view the spectacle, feeling for his as
sailants the same emotion which would
be excited by a terrior having the te
merity to tackle a Hon. It is a pleas
ure to see the Muser cuff them, play
with them and finally cast them aside.
They ought to know better . anyhow:
Occasionally duty impels me to attack
somebody or something, but you don't
catch me fooling with the Muser. 'I
approach him with a respect little less
than reverence, and I don't excite his
wrath. There Is no sense in being
rash. ... .
• • •
An Eastern preacher declared last
Sunday that contact with the world
and the world's methods would para
lyze the soul. This being the case, he
ought to have given a recipe for slid
ing through the world without coming
in contact with it, and of keeping in
Ignorance of the baleful methods here
inbefore mentioned. Soul-paralysis
must be a serious thing.
A gentleman for whose judgment I
have great respect sometimes lends
himself to the answering of queries
sent to this paper. The answers are
read with great interest, and I doubt
By HENRY JAMES.
» S 88 28.88 88 S 88-88 8888S82888888888
not add much to the sum of human
intelligence. I would not ordinarily
presume to criticize them adversely,
and yet a recent one struck me as sus
ceptible of improvement. He said to
one anxious searcher after the truth
that a Scotch terrlei- ia good for ro
dents, but a fox terrier is better. I
cannot agree. A Scotch terrier is bad
for rodents and a fox terrier is worse.
In the same column he explained that
the falling of a star did not indicate
the death of a man, and that belief to
this effect was a superstition. I don't
know about this either. Stars fall
and men die. What subtile connec
tion there may be between the two
events is beyond human ken. They
may be a specific instance of cause and
effect for all the wisest person in the
world can tell.
• • •
There Is little reason for condoling
with anybody who Is fleeced through
the agency of a matrimonial bureau.
That such a bureau Is of necessity a
fraud, people with sense enough to re
ceive a mental impression from the im
pact of a falling house are certain to
know. Yet I confess to respect for
the nerve of the mining man who got
taken in by one of these traps with a
widow for bait, In having her put in
jail and endeavoring to break up the
concern. The widow is said to be
known to the police, and if she Is not
the quicker they get acquainted with
her the better. But the widow has a
trifle of nerve herself. She denounces
the unhappy victim of her wiles as lack
ing in refinement and as not being her
social equal. Well now! She de
serves to be sent to the head of the
class. I trust that when out of her
cell she may meet some one who is her
equal in the essential quality of re
finement, and that they may live hap
pily ever after.
• • •
There Is many an incident in local life I
worth writing a story about. In the j
daily record there are touches of pa
thos, even of heroism. I have in mind
the Widow Wilson, with whom for
years two hackmen have been in love.
One did his wooing by night and the
other by day. and the joy of neither
was marred by the knowledge that he
did not have a monopoly of the widow's
great heart. Some women can keep a
secret. Year after year was the widow
courted by the pair, each putting In a
twelve-hour shift. But at last the
men found each other out, and there
had to be a final choice, an ordeal
which no doubt wrung the tender sen
sibilities of the charmer. She made
her selection and there may be expected
shortly a fisticuff function, wherein two
hackmen will be principals and the po
lice will referee. Whether the pres
ent status of the matter is satisfac
tory to the widow's daughter has not
been ascertained, as this young lady
has gone for a time to the Magdalen
Home, and is what the Spanish term
incommunicado. This affair consti
tutes one of the incidents to which ref
erence was made in the opening line.
Minna street society is said to be all
broke up about it.
• • •
"When a man sends weekly political
letters to the country papers, all the
letters presenting a single side of the
situation, and does it "without remun
eration," I take this to mean without
remuneration from the papers. Doubt
less he gets paid at the other end of
the line, and does not take it in the
form of glory either. The patriot who
beats his breast and yowls from the
stump seldom becomes so enthusiastic
as to do it with an eye single to the
betterment of any cause to the neglect
of his purse. The scribbling patriot
is built on the same lines.
Phil Francis of the Stockton Mall has
been perpetrating poetry. He presents
It with an intimation that he expects
bricks to be shied at him. I am al
ways loaded for the amateur poet, but
reading this verse I laid down the brick
which had been ready poised. The
verse was a tribute to "The Man In the
Ranks." It was gentle, patriotic, re
sonant with melody. If I could write
poetry as well as Francis can I would
do it oftener than he do^s.
Among the best letters sent back
from Manila have been those of Fred
Healy, a private in the ranks of the
First California. When the call to
arms came Healy was quick to re
spond. He was a reporter on this pa
per, a gentleman by birth and instinct
and culture. He went because he
thought it his duty to go. After he
had enlisted he told mo that he had
not much confidence in himself. He did
not know how he would act under fire,
"and yet," said he, "I would hate to
come back from Manila without hav
ing been tried out." He has been
"tried out" and he acted as everybody
who knew him was sure he would. I
see from a private letter from a com
rade who stood next to him In the
ranks that a bullet cut a branch from
a tree not a foot above Healy's head.
Of course this circumstance was not
in itself remarkable, but in Healy's
own communication it was not men
tioned. Like the brave young Ameri
can that he is, he would not boast. He
would not even speak of his own sen
sations, or the ordeal through which
he had passed. I glory in the spunk
of Healy, and venture to say that
when he returns the staff will have him
as guest of honor at a better dinner
than the Philippine Islands ever saw.
At the latest "attempt to assassinate
the Czar" I say "bosh," and probably
in his own language that potentate
made a remark to the same effect. It
seems that a house was blown up by
gas just about the time the Czar was
to pass. The explosion occurred pre
maturely, so the royal family escaped,
but the brave anarchist who stayed in
the house until it had become so full of
the deadly monoxide that a match sent
it into smithereens, perished in several
pieces. I wonder how, while he was
waiting, the anarchist had refrained
from breathing. Had he lived in the
atmosphere he is supposed to have cre
ated, he would have died of it, and hav
ing died could not have struck a light
at the critical moment. I think it
more probable that there was no gas
in the case. More likely the anarchist
exploded and wrecked the edifice. His
demise was a cause rather than an ef
fect
• • •
A misguided paper of the Interior has
something to say about the "hen re
porters" of this city. This Includes
the libel that they are as homely as
hedge fences. The precise physical
status which accords with the hedge
fence is unknown to me. Albo Is the
"hen reporter." What is the hen re
porter, anyhow? Does the idea pre
vail that there is a poultry show giv
ing a continuous performance here?
The Tulare News is the latest to start
a special department wherein genius
may disport at will. The department
is called "Oozings" and it oozes in a
manner to cheer the drooping- sons of
men. To some extent it has patterned
after the Musings, of which it has been
my pleasure to give occasional speci
mens, but this is nothing to its dis
credit. There are few masters in lit
erature, and while one might emulate
the style of Milton or Poe he would be
apt to fall abjectly or write over the
heads of his readers. So the Oo«er
copies the Muser, and I think with
happy results. I venture to quote a
sample:
"Of writing verse I never tire, '
Although at times I do perspire.'
I leave to the judgment of. the world
whether the Muser himself ever did a
finer stroke. The' Oozer is a soul
thriller from way back. There was a
poetic spirit in Colorado once who
wrote verse. Happily I have forgot
ten most of it. but one couplet clings
to memory like a burr. It is this:
"Many well-known people perished In this
horrifying fire,
And others less well known did also then
expire."
The suspicion forces Itself upon me
that the Muser has secured a copy of
my Colorado friend's work, and that
the Inspiration seeps through his font
of poesy so markedly that the Oozer
gets the benefit, and less directly, we
all do.
• • •
President Valentine of the Wells-
Fargo Express Company is a peculiar
Individual. I had learned to look upon
him as truly good. He not only has
the boon of piety, but the gift of speech,
and the manner in which he can ad
dress young men, counseling them from
the error of their ways, would touch
the heart were it not for the unfortu
nate knowledge that Valentine has re
fused to permit the concern which he
directs and adorns to pay its share of
the war tax. He has gone so far as
to write a pamphlet about the matter,
setting forth clearly that Wells-Fargo
folk are not as other men are, but have
the blessed privilege of forcing the rest
of the world to pay Wells-Fargo taxes.
It doesn't look right to me, but then
I am no Valentine. So deeply have
I been puzzled as to be glad that the
matter is going into the courts. If
Valentine objects to the ordeal, I sug
gest the simple remedy of doing as
other people do. To pay a legitimate
tax is really not a painful, experience.
He ought to undergo it. The com
pany is rich. It pays a great interest
on fictitious capital. It can afford to
I be decent.
WAR.
j Ripping railroads, scuttling ships;
Cutting cables, burning bridges;
Bringing sighs to human lips,
Reddening all the rosy ridges.
Faces white
Beneath the night
i (Now may God defend the right!)
And the charge and the retreat.
Battle mists by red blades riven.
Lightnings cleave the morning sweet,
And the stars are stormed from heaven.
Faces white
Beneath the night
(Now may God defend the right!)
Then, the glory of the lands,
And the wreath the hero graces.
Oh, the unclasped, outstretched hands.
Pallid lfps and tear-stained faces!
And faces white
Beneath the night
(Now did God defend the right?)
— Atlanta Constitution.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Coolgardle, In Western Australia, wants
to. hold an International and In
dustrial Exhibition to celebrate the fifth
year of the town's existence.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F»
route. Call at the new ticket office. 62S Market.
Only the best for the best only. Amon* th«
Barrels, 863 Market «t.
Thomas', 114 Grant aye., for swell millinery.
Opening Tuesday, September 13. No cards.
The Indian crocodile is a ferocious
and dangerous animal and causes great
destruction to human life, especially in
Lower Bengal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
attention"
Is called that I have just received a full
line of Cheviots in all shades, and I am 1
makincr Suits to order for
# $12.50, $15.50, $17.50.
>^l^£w, Excellent and very stylish .
/tXbks'M business suits, and guaran- -
I \»P» H teed t0 ft an d finely made.
\^^,' I also have a fuil line of ■
i ' lli\ Serges, Diagonals and fine
-ij Km\ Piques that I make suits of
"/ Hi j to order for
X||P $20.00, $25.00, $30.00.
lll'll They make fine dressy
mm su ' tS anc are We " wortn $35
' Iff tO $4 °' '
B|L DON'T MISS
>\| this CHANCE.
Remember that these suits are well made
and well trimmed and guaranteed to fit, and, •
furthermore, are kept in repair free of charge
for one year.
JOE POHEIMIie Tailor,
201 and 203 Montgomery Street
84-4- and 84-6 Market Street. .*
1110 and 1112 Market Street.
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
OF
TEACHERS.
The regular semi-annual examination of ap-
plicants for teachers' certificates (High School.
Grammar and Primary grades and special cer-
tinea es) will commence at the Normal School
Kmter 1 27lU St -atT3 r 0 a m On FRIDAY '
■- In compliance with the State school law each
applicant m t pay an examination fee of $2 In
advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, secretary of the
1,?., 0 * Examiners, office, central corridor,
third floor. City Hall. K. H. . WEBSTER, ?
™, a Superintendent of Common Schoolß.
CHAS. -\v. WELCH, Secretary. , ;.;
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
VvVIGF TBb Full Set of Teeth . - .
#«V>H IJd&J, ~ extracting free $5 ooup
j£LJ&*tl£***& Gold CroWns 22k $3 50 up
V Fillings - -. - 25 cts. up
Open Kvenings& Sunday* .
E^^Jl&Cii VAN VROOM
\MVN? Electro Dental Parlors
-Mr IT ■> |xth and Market
* , Or. Q W. Klelsor, Prop.OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers. Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Oof responding With Any of the Following Firms Plewe Mention "The Call"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. |
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Lire Stock FII fin trn ll Montgomery Bt.
Auctioneers. tt LU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM SfHflFNINfi Shipping trade supplied.
TTITI- -VllUcninU> 63? Broadway street
BELTINO.
LP IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Reltlne «nd ■
. r. ULULH, , nee Leather. 105-107 Mis-
Bfon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Atteatioa Pftld to Repairs aal Ship Work.
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET \
Telephone Main 5045. j
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. £upt H. niyth. M«r
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and IS
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C W- RICHARDS, & p £r^.W
DRUQQISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO, s s o T s n t^e d u s^Tn n 4
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
411-413 California street, rear
Capita! Represented over 000,000 ,
FLOUR.
VATIAVII Flour Mills. J. Martenstein _ Co.
nAIIIMAL SW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC ROYF^ fr-rft Chipping Butchers. 1M
JAS- DUILJ fITVU., Clay. TeL Main lt»4. ,
_____
FURS.
ATJ L*nrni T D Furrier, all work ruaranteed.
Alt' fiUWULIV 6H Kearny pt.. upstairs.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln st. 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer* of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains caJl or wrIU
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. .lmporters S Dealers
In Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. .
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
MMIIA Hunters* Equipments, Fishing I
111 l lU V Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send I
uLliltJ tot catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVK. i
VWI«W -.9. 9 jjarfcet street
GOSSIP OF THE
MONTANA RACES
Success of the Meeting
Just Closed.
HOPPER'S TILT WITH DALY
RESIGNED BECAUSE A RULING
WAS QUESTIONED.
California Horses and Jockeys That
Won the Coin— Turf Reporter
Mulholland's Popularity
as Presiding Judge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANACONDA, Mont., Sept. 10.— Th*
twenty-seven-day race meeting which
closed here to-day has been one of the
most successful ever held in the Stare.
With many outside influences to com
bat against the attendance has been
fully up to that of last year. Notwith
standing the absence of many big
plungers nearly $1,000,000 has passed
through the pool boxes. From a cere
ful computation Manager Ed Tipton
states that over $2,000,000 has changed
hands at the Butte and Anacnnda
meeting together. The rich $5000 Labor
Day handicap, decided on Monday, Sep
tember 5, was the big event of the
meeting, and the win of Marcus Daly's
brown horse Scottish Chieftain was a
popular one. He shouldered 120 pounds
and in a fierce drive Duffy snatched
victory by a nose from the despised
Ider Tempo, with 88 pounds in the
saddle. The latter horse was formerly
the roperty of E. A. Tipton and was
but recently sold for the meager sum
of $70.
The fortunate purchaser has since
been offered $1500 for the colt. The fa
vorlte, Senator Bland, ran well for a
mile and then pulled out of the game,
. ssly beaten. His past trials were
the cause of many depleted pockets.
lian dOr, the Eustern candidate for
the prize, was never in the hunt. Ru
blcon also .started, but proved the tar
get-bearer, the route proving far be
yond his liking.
The present meeting was responsible
fur a Blight tilt between 15. C. Hopper,
presiding Judg*-, and Marcus Daly, re
sulting in the. former tendering his
resignation on August -2, since which
time F. B. Mulholland, the San Fran
cisco turf reporter, has presided in the
stand. The Jangle was over the dis
qualifying of the Daly entry, Larva,
in a two-year-old race decided on Au
gust 13. Hennessy, who piloted the
youngster, repeatedly fouled Mallakwa.
Only a few days previous Larva was
beaten by Wntirro in a peculiarly run
race, and the one regret expressed by
Judge Hopper was that he had not
ruled off Hennessy, who piloted Larva,
and Trainer Henry Byrnes. In his
opinion the coll had been placed to al
low Ventoro, the Haggin entry, also
trained by Byrnes, to win.
Aside from this incident the decisions
rendered from th* 1 stand have given en
tire -"tisfactlon, and were singularly
free from commt-nt.
Of the California contingent of horse
men racing here, the firm of Edwards
& Lanerendnrfer has met with the
greatest Fuocess>. Etta H, Lady Ash
lev, Dolores, Estro and Eroica placed
them among the big winners at the
Butte meeting, and the stable has
12530 to its credit at this place. Of
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Butter st.
San Francisco. Telephone Mtin 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels. 535 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for *ale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
ComblDed Capital. $4,009,000.
BTZ A CO., Agent*.
101 California ■_
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE DEDVHiDTI Mattress Co.. 642 Mlsaloa
111- DCKnnAKU st. Telephone Main 1874.
.
PAPER DEALERS.
IA/ll I AIJCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
YYILLAmLI It 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldert Tirm nmi T/«irr»*t f toe*.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and 80 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuner« and repairer*.
PRINTING.
t- C»- H Uvßil Loi 511 Sansome et'reet.
~~ REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBS'.iN & CO.,
REAL. ESTATE. RENT COI,L.ECTOR3.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st
SEWING MACHINES.
"finUEOTIP" Pe-eminently the machine far
UUIYI-OIIU family UN 1071 Mirkst street,
-ea- Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I I7rV X- Tfl 1 2J California street
. K. LLLI S LU,, room 37. Tel Main 1681.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TeWraphlcp AßTßlDGE 3oac^.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SSS,VSft» -
TARTAR WORKS.
f\ALIFORMA TARTAR WORKS,
*-* G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office SIS Front Street San Francisco.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents »nd ! Public Weigher*.
General Btoroge. Free and Grsvln Warehouse*
General office. 210 California «t Tel. Mala 1114.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLKPALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 92S Howard.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI liV'nV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LLIMII full 18-k. Wrddlnc Rings, 4 3d st
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
riDI E HilC — Special planing work. Fae-
LAHL f- IlAAjtory. 417 Mission; tel. M. 6W7.
this amount JISIO was gathered by
Etta li and Lady Ashley.
Daggie Smith left for California last
week, credited with being over $4000
ahead on the trip. He purchased Hor
ton from the Holly estate, paying $1500
for the colt.
Smith's reputation was slightly tar
nished by the disgraceful showing
made by Torslda in the Yellowstone
handicap run at Butte, for which she
ruled a heavy favorite and finished
last. Inside gossip has it that the issues
were pooled and all the coin bet on
Highland Ball. If the Job did exist it
was foiled, for t 1 - < latter was defeated
in a hard drive by Imp. Missloner. The
fact remains that six days lat-r Tor
sida came out and took the rich Daly
stake in a gallon with the stable boy
(llenn on her back.
Farrer & Tuberville started off good
winners, but Flashlight and the bal
ance of their horses "trained off," leav
ing them in the lurch toward the end.
Farrer left for Sacramento some days
ago, but Tuberville Is still here with a
portion of the stable.
Manager Danny Lynch and Trainer
Short departed for the far West on
Tuesday, "out to the last ounce." j
Jockey Glover left them here and Tom
my Butler, it is said, would like to |
sever his connection with the firm. Be- |
fore leaving Lynch disposed of Scotch j
Host- and R. Q. Ban to parties here.
Frank Maley and his parser, Roland, j
have had no luck racing Ocorona, I
Pleasanton, Texarkana and Silverado.
The first named is fast, but unfortu
nate.
Crane & Owens picked up a few dol
lars with Amasa. Though Grady won
a couple of nurses, he was of little ac
count. After .skirmishing around sev
eral purses. Lord (hesteifield finally
wun one for Dan Dennlson. . The little
horse is a third-rater over hurdles.
"Sandy" McNaughton had the Gov
ernor and all the Senators down on
Ping when he took a purse on Septem
ber 1. "Sandy" is going to take In the
Idaho meetings and smaller Montana
towns.
Jeckey Johnny Sullivan of California
heads the list of winning jockeys here,
with Shaw and Morgan following in the
order named. Gus Wilson's work in the
saddle has been far above anything he
had done before. Sullivan will go to
Texas with J. W. Fuller, owner of Rat
tler. Honest John. Jack and o-ther fast
ones. He should be the stur of the
Texas circuit. William Fllnn, who suf
fered a fracture of the arm at the Den
ver meet, is again around with that
member in splints, having broken it
again while skylarking.
H. L. Frank, a heavy loser on the
ban Francisco track last winter is
reported far behind the game here On
a recent day he backed his bone Sena
tor Bland extensively and is said to
have dropped $8000 <-n th>- lay's specu
lation. Trainer "Johnny." Campbell
will probably secure a lease of the
horses, as Owner Frank is disgusted
with the game.
Fred McMahon, a clever young
horseman who formerly raced at New
Orleans, .will leave here for California
with Pat Morrisey and Flora Hawk
two useful performers. J. w Scott a'
Texas owner, left for Sacramento last
week with Kruna, Juanita and Lady
Britannic, all grandly bred mares, but
erratic as to racing. The former was
in rare fettle just prior i«. leaving and
should score the first time out.
A. W. Stolesburg. a wealthy Mon
tana turfman, will journey to the Gold
en Gate with Croker, White Fern and
others.
The turf has seen the last of the
groat Hamburg from all accounts.
Trainer Mosson while here said the
three-year-old's racing plates have
been removed and he is now safely
domiciled as king of the harem at Bit
ter Root ranch. Ogden also has been
retired to the stud.
Crit Davis has shipped Han dOr and
the rest of his string to Latonia. He
met with ill success here, in the same
car J. K. Redmon took Serrano, Lucky
Star and two others.
After closing up the affairs of the
meeting here Manager E. A. Tipton
will journey to his home in Lexington
to enjoy a well-earned rest.
To-day's races resulted as follows!
First race, three furlongs— Harry N
won. Lou Watkins second, Dutch third.
Time, :35%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.I;, SUJSDAT, SHiJTUUMBER 11, 18»8.
Kootenni won, Taghairm second, El Mldo
third. Time. I:O9Vs.
Third race, five furlongs, the Last
Chnnce stakes. $1000— The Light won,
White Fern second. Eloper third. Time,
1:02.
Fourth race, mile and a quarter, the
Copper City handicap, value $1500— Sen
ator Rland won, Scottish Chieftain sec
ond, Tempo third. Time, 2:oßVfc.
Fifth rnce, five furlongs— Saticoy won,
Pettigrew second, Jim Brown third. Time,
1:02%.
Sixth race, two and one-sixteenth miles
— McPryor won, imp. Devil's Dream sec
ond, Veto third. Time. 3A4%.
BLACK VENUS TAKES
THE GREAT EASTERN
St. Lorenzo Falls During the Bace
and Jockey Barrett Is Badly
Injured.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— Perfect weather,
a fast track and a good card attracted
a large crowd to the closing day of the
Sheepshead Bay meeting to-day. Two
stakes were down for decision, the Great
Eastern and the Autumn Cup. Four
teen of the best two-year-olds in train
ing faced the starter in the Great East
ern, with Black Venus a hot favorite, and
Martimas, the Futurity winner, second
choice. Black Venus, rushing to the
front, made all the running and won well
in hand by a length and a half from
Ethelbert and Martimaa, who llnished
heads apart in that order.
During the race St. Lorenzo, with Bar
rett up, fell reavily In the middle of the
bunch at the head of the stretch, and it
is fiared that Barrett was badly injured.
The Autumn Cup furnished a sensational
finish between The Friar and George
Boyd, the latter, with Sloan up, winning
in a drive by a neck. The Morris pair.
The Friar and Mirthful, were favorites at
odds on. The Friar made the running all
the way, but George Boyd, with a puil in
the weights, got up in tne stretcn and
won in a drive.
First nice, five furlongs:
Hlmtime, 115 (Dean), 7 to 5 1
Composer, 115 (Taral), 15 to 1 and 6 to 1 2
The Lady in Blue, 112 (Spencer), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:00.
The Burlington Route, Chappaqua, General
Shatter, Handcuff. Little Reggie, Animus, In
terferer, BUersdaie, Favorlus, Manllus. Menu,
Al Reeves, Wild Airs and Flying Scotchman
also ran.
Sffond race, one mile and a sixteenth:
Alice Farley. 117 (Sims), 7 to 2 and 6 to 6 •
Maximo Gomez, 113 (Clawson), 8 to 1 and
I to 1 ♦
Lady Mitchell. 119 (Spencer), 6 to 1 3
•Dead heat.
Time. 1:47 2-5.
Glenotne, George Keene, Jefferson, Laverock,
Lady Marian. Scotrh Plaid and Black Dude
also ran. Purs* divided.
Third race. Great Eastern stake, Futurity
course:
Black Venus, IIS (Sloan), 8 to 5 1
Ethelbert, 116 (Cunningham). 8 to 1 and 6 to 1. 2
Martimas, 128 (Taral), 4 to 1 3
Time. 1:09 1-5.
Manuel, Dr. Elchelberg, Ways and Means,
Patyrlst. Duke of Mlddleberg, Prestldigitatrlce,
Autumn, Gray Jacques, Rusher and Glenhelm
also ran.
Fourth race. Autumn Cup. two miles:
GvoTize Hoyd. 10i> (Sloan). 7 to 1
The Frlat. 12S (I.Utlefield), 9 to 10 and 1 to 3..
Sir Vassar, 100 (Clawson). 7 to 1
Time, 3:32 2-5.
Mirthful also ran.
Fifth rare, selling, seven furlong:
TVnFp«t, 100 (Moody). 60 to — •l"'V''i'"' 1
Tom CoillM. 101 fSloan). 6 to 5 and 1 to 2.... 2
L'Alouette. I<>4 (Spencer). 7 to. 2 »
Or™n Oxnarti. Manassas, Lord Zeenl, Loit
erer. Nana H and Kilt aIBO ran.
Sixth rare, steeplerhase, full rourse:
Wood Plgpon. Hf. (Flnnogan), 7 to 5.. 1
Olmdo. 160 ißyrne). S to 2 and 4 to 5 2
Baby BUI, H5 (Dayton), 20 to 1 *
Governor Budd. Rhetnstrom and Brown Red
also ran.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 10.— Weather pleasant;
track fast. Summaries:
First raw, one mile, selling:
: Provolo, lM <J- Matthews). 4 to , 1.... .......... 1
i Joe Shelby. 100 (W. Dean). 6 to 5 and 1 to 3... 2
Sunt-11. 100 iJ. Browne 3 to 1 3
Nellie. RaVus. Violin. T'ncle Abe. nida,
Sirenla, Lassie Liou and Daveaac also ran.
i Second race, six furlonps. selling:
Dutch CnmMlan, 105 (J. Mattnews), even 1
Mi" Verne 107 (W. Dean), 7 to 1 and 2 to 1.. 2
: Allie Helle, 9f. tKnlght), 12 to 1 3
' Time. 1:16%. _ .
; Gld Law. I>meta, Flotow, Forbearance and
I ir. I'ltts also ran.
Thlnl race, five furlongs:
, Guess Me, 1,5 (Van Duzen), even 1
Suuchin. 110 (F. Thompson), 8 to 5 and 1 to 2. 2
Qeorffle, MS 'Ouiterf-z). 5 to 1 3
Time, l :02.
I>»l!i Murray. Jessie Jarhoe, Malaise, Minnie
Aliiln--. Duplicate, Bandarossa. Viola X, Nan
i nle Fonlham, Cringe, Nandora and HI Lassie
also ran.
Fourth race, mile and fifty yards, handicap:
Lanky K.>b. 105 (Gleason). 6 to 5 1
Three bars. 110 (J. Matthews), 5 to 2 anj
4 to 6 2
Bon Jour, 103 UJrltton), 5 to 2 3
Time. 1:44%.
Draw Lad and Argus also ran.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs:
Carl (*. 104 (Brltton), S to 5 and 3 to 5 1
Al S>!at. 104 (C. Graham). 3 to 1 and 6 to 5.. 2
Paca, 104 U. Matthews), 3 to 1 3
Time, lrf».
Huh Prather, Lafayette, Fardell. Spectral. O.
B. Fax. Blenheim, Policy. Fusion and Vassar
I'ance also ran.
Sixth rnce, one mile:
Eisina (Graham). 7 to 1 1
Arcturus, 105 (J. Matthews). 3 to 2 and 2 to 5.. 2
Bati.n, 105 (Morrison). lf> to 1 3
Time, 1:42.
Gomez. School Girl. Ben Frost, Amber Glints,
Annie Oldfleld, Knhlbaehy, Fraser. Roosevelt,
Top Dlxon, Waldorf, Graham and Montrose
also ran.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— Results at Hawthorne.
Weather fair; track fast:
First race, Fix furlongs— Alleviate, 15 to 1,
won; Abo Fuerst. 2 to 5, second; Dave Waldorf,
third. Time l:l.'i>.*.
Pecord rare, one mile — Innuendo, 8 to 5, won;
Empress Josephine, even, second; Cecil, third.
Time, 1:41
Third race, Hawthorne stakes. Fix furlongs,
purse. $1000 — Jinks even and out, won; For
mero, 8 to 1, second; Survivor, third. Time,
1:16.
Fourth race, mile and a half, selling—Treach
ery. 8 to f>. won; Husl, 1 to 2, second; Croesus,
third. Time. 2:3fi.
Fifth race, steeplechase, short course — Jeze
bel 3 to 1, won; No 13111, 1 to 2, second; Jim,
third. Time, 3:24.
Sixth race, six furlong*— Little Alfred, 6 to 1.
won' Lady Callahan, 1 to 2, second; Aunt Mary,
third. Time. 1:16%.
BT'FFALO, .N. V.. Sept. 10.— Zanette knocked
out all calculations at Fort Erie to-day, win
ning at as good as 100 to 1 easily from a fine
field. Weather cloudy; track fast.
First race, three-year-olds and upward, »#ll-
Inpr six furlongs— Lockdey won. Hairpin sec
ond. Sister Mamie third. Time. 1:16%.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds, four md
a half furlongs— Barbonne won, Bridal Tour
second Defiance third. Time. :56H-
Third race, three-year-olds and upward, one
and a sixteenth miles— P.eau Ideal won, Henry
Lnunt second. Belle Bramble third. Time.
I :4S.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, five furlongs— J.
V dines won. Triune second, Neada third.
Time, 1:08%.
Fifth race, three-yenr-olds and upward, sell
ink; six furlongs— Kenosha won. Bob Turner
second. TUlle W* third. Time. l:lsVi-
Sixth race, three-year-olds and upward, sell
ing, six furlongs— Zanette won. South Africa
second Damocles third. Time. 1:14.
Seventh race, steeplechase handicap, short
course— Bwedei) won, Jim Lisle second. Wink
third. Time. 4:52V4-
THR CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
TO REPLACE THE MAINE.
Great Battleship Will Be Construct-
Ed by the Cramps.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 10— It Is un
officially announced that Phil lelphla
will build for the American avy the
battleship that is to replace the Maine
— a ship that will be a rival of the tre
mendous Royal Sovereign of the Eng
lish navy and the Camot of the French
navy. The shipbuilders all made pro
posals to build vessels of eighteen knots
speed and exceeding by more than 1000
tons the displacement contemplated by
Congress. Of the different types pro
posed in the three bids, that offered by
the Cramps, it is said, found the most
favor. The result was that the board
concluded to recommend that an award
be made of one battleship to each of
the three bidders, provided the other
two would accept the Cramps scheme
in lieu of thore offered by themselves.
The ship, lengthened and otherwise
modified according to Cramps' original
scheme, will be of about 12,189 tons dis
placement.
VICTORY CAUSES
MUCH EXULTATION
England's Sentiment as
to the Soudan.
FOREBODINGS ARE DISPELLED
BRITONS JOYOUS OVER KITCHE
NER'S VICTORY.
At Home, However, the Army Is
Not Well Supplied, and There
Was Much Misery at
Salisbury Plain. ,
Copyrighted, 1898. by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The event of
the week, the capture of Omdurman
and, incidentally, of Khartoum, by the
Anglo-Egyptian army, under General
Sir Herbert Kitchener, has produced a
feeling of exultation throughout Great
Britain, which is in marked contrast
with the gloomy forebodings of the
past months, during which every one
has been finding fault with the Gov
ernment, and it was generally be
lieved that the country's rivals were
overmatching her at every point. The
completeness of the victory has had a
most exhilarating effect and has un
doubtedly impressed the Continental
nations, while the cordial praise cabled
from the American press has been
much appreciated here.
The understanding arrived at be
tween Great Britain and Germany al
lows the former's plans In South Af
rica to be carried out without fear of
a German-Boer alliance and the dis
missal of L,i Hung Chang from the Chi
nese Foreign Office, following the
Czar's proposals, is taken as evidence
of the complete triumph of British di
plomacy in the far East.
Vanity Fair, an ardent supporter of
the Government, in a gleeful review of
the situation, says: "Looking east
ward we see pauperized Russia ready
to climb at our desire."
"And, last of all," continues Vanity
Fair, which of late has been most in
genious and persistent in its abuse and
misrepresentation of America, "if we
look at America we are confronted with
the sight of a friendly nation ready to
back us up whenever our desires are
mutual. Who will say now that the
horizon is not clear and that Old Eng
land, instead of having taken a lower
place, sits on a still higher pinnacle?"
While the transport and commis
sariat departments of the British army,
as exemplified by the admirable con
duct of the Soudan campaign, appear
tn be beyond reproach in active service,
there is no lack of allegations that
there was a serious breakdown during
the recent army maneuvers on Salis
bury plain. In the Jirst place, owing to
the resources of the War Office uu-ing
inadequate to the demands, the con
tract for the catering was given to Sir
Thomas Lipton, and, if the reports are
to be believed, the soldiers suffered con
siderable privations. Indeed, it would
seem some of them suffered bo much
that they committed offenses, prefer
ring prison to the treatment they were
receiving on Salisbury plain. This is
corroborated by the fact that the mili
tary prisons in the neighborhood were
so overcrowded that the officials de
clared they would not receive any fur
ther prisoners. Besides this, the suf
ferers from sickness and accidents
complain of great neglect. They say
they were without food and drink for
hours, or until civilians succored them.
The tourist agencies are planning
trips to Khartoum, which this week
has demonstrated to be less than nine
days from London. Last Saturday Gen
eral Kitchener dispatched Colonel Hope
from Omdurman, the former Dervish
stronghold on the River Nile, near
Khartoum, to Cairo, and he accom
plished the journey in eighty-seven
and a half hours.
A long-cabled interview with Joseph
Chamberlain, the British Secretary for
the Colonies, who is now in the United
States on a visit to his wife's parents,
has been received with incredulity by
the English press. The Daily Chronicle
says: "That he should have talked of
a railroad through the Transvaal from
Khartoum to the cape, or have dis
closed the Anglo-German understand
ing, or performed other feats of a like
description is beyond believing. If
these stories are true, then indeed Lord
Salisbury's 'blazers' are quenched for
ever in the white light of Mr. Chamber
lain's indiscretions."
Tropical weather continues here and
on the Continent. The thermometer in
London on Thursday last registered 90
degrees, which is the record for the
summer, while the returns for the past
thirty years do not show any previous
record above 87 for the month of Sep
tember.
Tbt whole of Great Britain continues
without rain, and the almost unbreath
ftble atmosphere in London Is inten
sified by a sultry, white mist, which
was so thick on the Thames that the
steamboats had to stop running. There
have been innumerable cases of sun
stroke of apoplexy, and the iron
works of Birmingham and the "Black
Country" are closing on account of the
heat. Fires are occurring among the
tieep and in 4he grass on the commons.
The conditions prevailing in the east
mcl of London are especially pitiable.
There has been the usual water famine,
and for three weeks over 1,000,000 peo
ple, to say nothing of animals, have
been suffering from the shortage. The
situation is daily growing worse, fevers
are breaking out, and as the indications
of rain are as scarce as the signs of
snow, the supply of water has already
been curtailed three hours daily, and
promises to be further shortened.
The heat has also been very great in
Paris, where an ice famine prevails,
and the French soldiers have been suf
fering so much during the army man
euvers that the latter ->ad to be aban
doned. The Paris meteorological au
thorities hold that a sun spot is re
sponsible for the extreme heat.
It now appears that George N. Cur
zon, the former Parliamentary Secre
tary of the Foreign Office, and newly
appointed Viceroy of India, will not be
raised to the peerage before he goes to
India.
The health authorities have issued a
warning against the use of Americ'i
chewing gum, which is becoming the
rage among children in the. East Enu.
The authorities consider it more dan
gerous than the icecream which the
Italians sell in the street, and against
which there has been a rigorous cru
sade.
To-Day, which is now edited by
Barry Paine, instead of Jerome K.
Jerome, devotes pages this week to the
exposure of the alleged "Klondike
Fiasco," especially to the reported cor
ruption of officials. It publishes a let>
ter from a prominent Englishman who
says: "The police, land office, post
office, Gold Commissioner's office and
mounted police are all corrupt. The
Americans are having the laugh over
the British about pure government. I
would rather see the whole country
t,banded over to the Yankees than see
such a shameful state of affairs under
our flag."
Yachtsmen are delighted at the fact
that "big ships" have again been
chosen for the America's cup contest,
as this class of yacht promises to be
very strong here in 1899. Charles Day
Rose and the Duke of Abbruzzi,
nephew of the King of Italy, have both
ordered new ninety-footers.
British society is still scattered over
the country and continent. The Prince
of Wales landed on Thursday from the
royal yacht and will spend a fortnight
at Osborne.
The Queen, who is in excellent health,
witnessed the Bremomar gathering at
Balmoral on Thursday. Unusual inter
est was taken in the celebration, as it
was the fiftieth anniversary of the oc
casion on which the Queen first patron
ized the games.
The Donca.ster races during the week
attracted many fashionable people.
There were many large house parties at
Tranby Court, where the Wilsons are
again greatly to the fore. They took a
special train from Hull with a party
which included Lady Randolph Church
ill, the Earl and Countess of Essex and
the Duke of Roxburgh.
W r ith the reopening of the Haymarket
Theater with "The Little Minister" last
Saturday and the first performance of
the Kendalls' season at the St. James
next Thursday the London autumn sea
son will have fairly begun. But the
heat naturally is affecting the attend
ance at the places of amusement.
STOCKTON LAND DEAL
OF VAST PROPORTIONS
Eastern and London Syndicate Pur-
chases Victoria Island for
$320,000.
STOCKTON, Sept. 10.— One of the larg
est land sales in years has virtually been
made in this city, whereby John Herd,
the well-known promoter, has sold Vic
toria Inland, sixteen miles from this city,
to an Eastern and London syndicate.
Victoria Island is a new body of land
to most people. It was formerly a por
tion of Union Island, but has been sep
arated from that body of land by a canal
and was recently named after tile Eng
lish Queen. The island contains B*oo acres.
Some months ago Mr. Herd made ar
rangements with Williams & Bixler of
Union Island lor the reclamation of 13,000
acres of tule lands. By that agreement
it is understood that he was to get 8000
acres and the use of the other 5000 acres
for a period of live years free of charge.
He interested several persons in the
scheme and the work is now In progress.
Victoria Island has been made by the
cutting of a navigable channel through
a great acreage, and the whole domain
belongs to Mr. Herd, or did before this
sale was consummated. It is reported
that the purchase price is fixed at $40 an
I acre, which Involves a deal of $320,000 —
one of the largest in the county for years.
BRITISH GUNBOAT
AT SANTA BARBARA
Leander Stops to Coal After Fighting
for American Citizens at
Acapulco.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 10.— The Brit
ish gunboat Leander came into this port
at about 4 o'clock this morning for a sup
ply of provisions to last her until she
reaches Vancouver, where she will obtain
a fresh supply and coal. The Leander left
Esquimalt about three months ago on a
cruise to South American ports, and is
now on her return trip.
This is the boat which opened fire on the
natives at Acapulco when they were
butchering the American citizens there a
short time ago.
The last port she called at was Magda
lena. She reports having met the Al
batross, one of our auxiliary cruisers,
when near tho Straits of Magellan, a lit
tle over two months ago.
When the leander reaches Ksqulmalt
she will immediately go on patrol duty,
which she will continue for about three
months, and will then proceed to some of
the British ports in the Mediterranean.
Speuking of the late war with Spain one
of the officers said. "Why, that row In
Manila Bay was not a fight; it was simply
a walk-over."
NEWSPAPER MEN DROWNED.
Death of Carl Smith and Louis Haas
in the Rapids.
QUEBEC, Sept. 10.— Carl Smith, who
wrote the "Fired at Random" column in
the Chicago Record, and Louis Haas,
sporting editor on the same paper, have
been drowned in the heavy rapids of the
Grande Discharge by the upsetting of
their birchhark canoes. They were on a
holiday tour.
Mr. Smith was well known through the
West, and at one time was managing
editor of the Omaha World-Herald.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
FAST DRIVERS MUST STOP.
Sacramento Wheelmen Employ Spe-
cial Counsel.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— The Capital
City Wheelmen have employed Judson C.
Brusle to represent the interests of or
fanlzed wheelmen at the trial of B. M.
*elong, secretary of the State Board of
Horticulture, and David Reese, under
sheriff of Sacramento County, who are
charged by V. S. McClatchy with fast
driving in the city limits. The case will
be heard Monday.
Recent Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— Private Emil
Waltzer, volunteer artillery, now at Fort
Baker, CaL, is transferred to the Hos
pital Corps as a private. Private William
Franklin. Buttery B, Battalion California
Volunteer Artillery. also at Fort Baker,
is transferred to the Hospital v.orps aa
a private. Private Elbert V. Griffin, Com
pany E, First Tennessee Volunteer In
fantry, San Francisco, will be discharged
from the service of the United States by
the eommandinp officer of his station.
Captain T. J. Hay, Batten' B, First Bat
talion Heavy Artillery, California volun
teers, havinp tendered his resignation, is
honorably discharged from the service of
the United States, to take effect on Sep
tember 30, 1898.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At the San Jose Bicycle
Races, Sept. 7th, Riders of
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES....
Won Five of the Six Prizes
Offered for Open Competition!
ONE-MILE HANDICAP:
H. J. DAVIDSON - --- First
IVAN TREADWELL - - - Second
GEORGE FULLER - - - Third
2-3 MILE SCRATCH :
GEORGE FULLER - - - First
H. J. DAVIDSON - - - Second
ALL ON CLEVELAND^.
The only other race on the pro-
gramme was a match race
between local riders.
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES....
SELL FOR
$40 to $75.
LEA VITT& BILL
309 LARKIN STREET, S. F.
20 BAN PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS k FROHMAN,
107=109 POST ST., and
1220-1222 and 1224 MARKET ST.
FALL, 1898.
LATEST
NOVELTIES
DRESS GOODS AND SILKS!
A beautiful assortment now on display
with new additions every day. OUR
PRICES-as usual-REASONABLE.
NOVELTY, SATIN and
FAILLE STRIPES,
Entirely new combination
weave in turquoise and purple
omber stripes, very latest; ex-
tra heavy; 22 inches wide,
$1.50 per yard.
TAFFETA SILK STRIPES,
Latest novelty in all the latest
shadings in military, turquoise,
cerise, emeralds, etc.; 21 inches
wide,
$1.00 per yard.
SATIN MERVINE SILK,
New stripes with polka dots,
never shone before; all the lat-
est shadings; 21 inches wide,
85c per yard.
ARMURE SILK PLAIDS,
Beautiful combinations, all the
latest colorings; 21 inches wide,
75c per yard,
PLAID TAFFETA SILKS,
Exquisite patterns, all new color
combinations with black satin
stripes; 22 inches wide,
$1.50 per yard.
TAFFETA PLAIDS,
Latest novelty, with omber
stripes; all late colorings; 20
inches wide,
$1.25 per yard.
BLACK BROCADE SILKS,
All new patterns, including
Bayadere stripes; sample price,
65c per yard.
88S»K!'S'S^S?888S8So«8888888S
82 jam cs?v Frsminff s
•5 T^W I'/!1 '/! Is a specialty with us. Be-
o* Bides, we always have a «o
V, Jtutf/ lin selection of Window c
** V '/il £^\-> Poles and Fixtures and «°
c» ''/W'L—i^ Draperj' Hardware. Mail gj
• J "^ orders filled promptly.
ss -■ a
g WILL & FINCK CO., g
j S 818-820 Marker St.. San Francisco, g.
BiBBBBB2KBBBB 8888 888888?88888S!882
CANCER 7
For humanity sake, and wishing to benefit
! all sufferers of Cancer and Tumor, I will state
that my di-ar mother after having tried various
■ means to be cured of Cancer finally yielded to
! the knife, and as a result succumbed to the
I Inevitable — death— and having a cancer myself
on the breast I was advised to try the knife,
also the plaster and electricity treatments,
each of which Is a failure. Having heard of a
simple and comparatively painless process for
their removal in this city, I tried it. I must
say I am positively and completely cured. , To
all those that have Cancer on Tumor I will
gladly tell of my cure, and this wonderful
method and refer them to many in this city
that have been cured by It If they will call
any afternoon except Sunday at my home, 204
McAllister street.
MRS. GEO. L.. JOHNSON.
000000000000000000
J»w PALACE «f;S
% GRA ND hotels o
o SAN FitANCISCO. Q
;*T Connected by. a covered passageway. 'r
! ° 1400 RoomB-900 With Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
O HOIK THB PRICBB: O '
: n European Plan. 1.00 per day and upward n '
W American Plan. oo per day and upward *» ;
Q Correeponder" ; Solicited. Q
0 JOHN 0. KIBKPATRICK, Kanagcr. Q
Q.O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO:
THE HOME REMEDY b^i/2*S
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS* 0 t?'"
wring. For all thw« pains, irregularities and difficultie* no
remedy on earth &r><nn Dffk Easily applied by ladyher-'
equa'i famous3anO'KlO ,eif. 'Relieve* all pain
.jflMHm In \f omb or Ovnrlro In 10 minute*.
(RgKiHtra P.-omptlr rtli»T-s Hpailache. Nnuwn, Dlood «nd
IMB*^J«S Bl«d.terTrout.li-s, Faintnr«»,>>rvoumrss, Fear
Bfl"*swJ and Prspondrney. Cure« Li-ucorrhopa, Womb
Sin Dlnplacrments, In 10 minute*,
and Despondency. Cure* Lcueonhora, Worob
U T^^«^ojl Chccru the »pi" ts and VltaJUen J
1 MJ-GSSP-' the n-h'ile frame. Baf<', Sure und \JfSiW
Ab*olutcly. HnrmlcsK.- One 50 cint box will
complete a cure in ordinary cues.
QlfrpWlT PA! n S ol '^ BY AM. DIIUOOISTB.-
0 1 Ulw ALL I Mill or muled in i>l>:nn >IT ci,i receipt
IN IU MlnUiko ■. .r.>'-foro.Ci!\(:,nniil|r. Cblca|O
• Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F., and Oakland.
DDTTCUITC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DflULjliljkJ ers bootblacks, bath-
***■'*''*■*** *^ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, i .nners,
dyers, floarm'lls, -foundries, laundries, paper- I
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories. ]
Etablemen. tar-roof tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
jglllDK. BALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOK !
K«BBf^(ifia Five hundied reward for a.iy case ;
b*B BH we cannot cure. This secret remedy
Q H stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
H Hfi EmisFions, Impotency, Varicocele,
IWJ sTTft Uonorrhoea, Qleet, Fits. Strictures,
CBHw jifjLw ' "'"' Manhood and all wasting ef-
■H9i|k! fi'Cts of self-abui-e or excesses. Sent
fs£2ZSS£. i*J sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $,". guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 555 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073V4 Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
'■ WiWEHnlr illKl
L^^n*Mi<;^<afiiKWiii"C?jßß(L J
SPECIAL I-SPECIAL !
200 pieces JAPANESE SILK, all
the latest shades; 20 and 21
inches wide,
25c per yard.
The above goods at Both Stores.
DRESSIiOODS!
FANCY NOVELTY SUITINGS,
In large range of colorings;
black figures on new colored
grounds; all wool; 37 inches
wide,
50c per \ard.
ENGLISH COVERT CLOTfI,
For Tailor Suits, strictly all
wool, the heavy twill, satin fin-
ish kind: 41 inches wide; new
fall shadings, especially tans;
new blue mixtures and grays,
60c per yard.
IMPORTED NOVELTY
PIEROLA SUITINGS,
Silk and wool, all the new colors,
combined with black, beautiful
Bayadere and fancy figured ef-
fects; 48 inches wide; sold else-
where at $1,
Extra Special Bargain,
75c per yard.
MELTONETTE CLOTH,
In a large range of new color-
ings, the genuine English goods;
very nobby for tailor-made
gowns; strictly all wool; 58
inches wide.
$1.25 per yard.
The above goods on sale at Market-
street Store only.
■
Subscribers camping at localities along
the line of railroads where there are no
postal facilities can have The Call thrown
off at their camp by sending name and 10- :
cation of camp to The Call Subscription'
Department.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via tr.«
Gntos: 6 months roundtrip ticket, $4. or via
Santa Clara, $3 60. New swimming tank. 180x73
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate. stenery and location onequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
H£\l(^OM COSTA A CO..
* Hotel new throughout:' lighted w^j,
B^ acetyllne l\ hot contra cure
IYRON COSTA CO..
Hotel new throughout; lighted with
> acetyline *as; hot salt baths, curs
k rheumatism; new and commodious
■ swimming tank; scientific sanitary
m methods; rates low. Addresa
ffl- A. BETTENS,
HOT SP&SNGS Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Franciico.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath houie rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Teptd Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, flO and $15 per week: $2 and S3 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor. _
"-"Sr REST and HEALTH
ORGHARDSPRINGB
ia foothills of the Sierra Vradas, ncarColfax, onCP.R.K,
Plain, anlet retreat, finest scenery, watfr, mnnndin air,
fruit, and all the year aronnd rllmate in California.
Jd*tl groundi andiarroiDdtocs. On K. R-, l» mile* from San Fnn.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Ad<Jr°s«: tr^sH Srrincs. rhlr*?n Pprk. r»l.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The best pleasure and health resort and
mineral springs In California. Terms $9 to
$12. Round trip $3 75.
FRESE & JUERGENSEN. Mark West
Cprings, Sonoma County. Cal.
DR.MQNDLTY.
rrHIS WELL-KNOWN ANT) reliable old
JL SpeclallstcurM Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private TTlif nfn and
Weaknessea of Men, free. Over 20y'rV ezprrimtc*.
Patients cnr>»d m Homn. Terms reasonable. Hours 3
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Siinilnys.lO to 12. Consnl-
tatiou free aud sacredly confidential. Cuil.oraddress
I>r. P. KOSCOK McXCLTY,
26 1 Hearny St., Kan Francisco, Cal.
WONG WOO,
P^# CHINESE TEA AND HER 3
feP 3 SANITARIUM,
W?iA. 7£4-66CLATST., San Frwioises, o\\
j^gaß|BffV» All diseases c 'i excluslve-
nUWilH^jMA' ly by Chinese . erbs. over 3000
'VA\&M™ varieties being used. ADVICB
FREE. Hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 tv ;.
9 p. m.
WeelOy Gall/SLBO Year
78
GRADY VICTORIOUS
IN THE HANDICAP
Takes the Capital City
Purse.
DEAD HEAT FOR THE PLACE
BITCKWA AND SCARBOROUGH
DIVIDE SECOND MONEY.
Osculation, Ventoro and Rey del
Tierra Three 'Good Things"
Put Over the Plate at ths
State Fair Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.-The first
week's racing under the auspices of the
State Agricultural Society came to a
close with a most interesting day's sport.
As four favorites, one second choice and
v much-liked outsider were victorious,
the bookmakers must have been out and
Injured, even though the odds laid would
delight the heart of the average poolroom
keeper. The racing was exciting through
out and the fields of runners were larger
than during any day since the meeting
began. The crowd also was a large one.
A dead heat for place between Buckwa
and Scarborough in the Capital City
Handicap was one of the clever features
of the day's pport. Three "good things"
went through with a rush— Osculation,
Ventoro and Rey del Tierra. Ventoros
name was incorrectly spelled last night
and all bets on him were called oft in con
nce. As those in "on the know" got
their money on at 8 to 1, and had to take
from 1 to 2 to even money to-day, there
was no joy in the souls of those that cut
thp watermelon.
Osculation was made a red hot favorite
for the opening event at six furlongs, be
ing played down from 2 to 1 to even mon
ey. Lost Girl was n^xt in demand at 11
to 5, Sport McAllister and Major Cook 2^
to l. and the others went at odds of 10 to
30 to 1. To a fair send-off Amasa essayed
to act as leader of the band and did so
past the half, with Mollie A and Oscula
tion well up. and Sport McAllister fourth,
a length and a half behind the favorite.
Mollie A was done for as the final turn
was reached and Osculation soon there
after took command. Half way down the
homestretch Sport McAllister looked dan
gerous, but Gouin could not help him,
and Osculation won all out by a length.
Sport McAllister second, a half length be
fore Amasn. Time. I:lsV£.
The California Annual stakes, six fur
longs, net value to owner of winner $420,
had five starters and Jennie Reid for a
favorite, her price being 4 to 5, Obsidian
even money (6 to 5 most of the time).
Rainier 44 to 1, Faversham 15 and Alca
traz 3 to 1. To a rather poor start Faver
sham led. Hp was three lengths in front
Of Jennie Reid at the half-mile ground
and but a length at the three-quarters,
Obsidian about two lengths further away.
Pigpott had ridden Jennie Reid hard from
the forward of the rubber band.
The bunch was less than a furlong from
home when Jennie caught Faversham,
but she Just galloped the last fifty yards,
winning by two lengths. Faversham was
second, five lengths before the false
alarm. Obsidian. Time. 1:16.
The Capital City handicap, one mile and
a furlong, had four starters and Buckwa
for a first choice, his closing price being
3 to 5. Marplot was at 2 to 1, Scarbor
ough 2^> ai.a Grady 3 to 1. To a good
get-away Marplot took a slight, lead mo
mentarily, but Buckwa was in front be
fore a quarter of a mile had been trav
ersed, and held his slight advantage for
nearly seven furlongs. Turning for home
it was Scarborough first by a head,
Buckwa second, a length before Marplot
and Grady, head and head. Grady was a
neck in front half way down the home
Ftrotch, and. coming away the last part,
won handily by three lengths. Buckwa
and Scarborough, all out, made a dead
heat of it for the place. Marplot was a
popr last. Time. 1:56.
Next si* two-year-olds lined up for a
five and a half furlong run. Ventoro, a
new one from Rancho del Paso, was made
a 1 to 2 favorite, and Magdalenas was
next In demand at 2^ to 1. Gold Fin and '
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10, 1898.— Sixth day of the State Fair races.
Weather fine; track fast.
A. B. SPRECKELS. Presiding Judge. R. J. HAVBT, Starter.
|Q FTTIPT
IO • J2OO.
of a mile, selling.
[one. Age.
... Osculation, 3 113 2
(3) Sport McAllister, 6.117 5
... Amasa, 3 104 4
- 1 Mollle A, a 107 1
5 Losette. 3 104 7
11 Lost Girl, 4 109) 6
... Sea Spray, 6... 107 S
... Bom_ 4 109 9
1 O'Fleta. 6 107 3
9 Major Cook, 6 110 10
5 Hlmera. 3 98[11
S 2
4 3
1 1
2 1
5 1
( 1
8 4
9 2
7 1
11
10
14
ft
2
X
14
3 2
»
6 2
5 3
T 1
9 3
8 H
10 3
11
1 1
Il
3 1
4 4
5 3
6 4
7 2
8 1
9 3
10 8
11 :
nennessy ....
Oouln
Cole
Monahan
IBullman
Piggott
Enoa
8-5
5-2
8
20
10
2
8
12
10
3
10
1
3
12
SO
10
6-2
• 8
25
' 12
3
10
Orlffln
Bozem&n
Burck
ILoulller
Time, '.Wk. :494. 1:154. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns & Co.'s
eh. filly by Palvator-Yum Yum.
Osculation was good, but with riders reversed Sport McAllister would have won. Amass
had SPMd t i burn for four and a half furlongs. Mollle A good at about five furlongs.
LeMtt* made up considerable ground. Lost Qlrl had little or no speed. Sea Spray, Cook and
T^lmera off poorly.
M SECOND RACE— Three-quarters of a mile, two-year-olds; The
• stakes; net value to winner, $420.
California Annual
C) Jennie Reid 1
10 Faver«ham '.
... Obsidian I
... Rainier
10 Alcatraz :
>
2
3
II
■ i»
S 10
4 10
6
,n
l
10
1
4
15 '
4-5
16
1
9-2
30
Time, :26, :494. 1:1'- Poor start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Winner, R,
Hughes' b. f. by El Rio Rey-Fonsetta.
Jennie Reid, off poorly, a dozen pounds the best. Faversham away flying and had his
speed. Obsidian not of much account If this race is his best. Rainier also not much.
Aloatraz completely outclassed. ___,
|S THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; th
IU« City handicap; $385 net value to owner of
the Capital
... Grady, 6 i
... Buckwa, a 1
01) Scarborough, 4 !
5 Mnrptit, 8 —
4
(
3
2
1
I
1
2
4
1
I
t
1*
h
n
1
n
3
4
r".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.\
tt
r
•Dead heat for place.
Time. :13H. :3<<4, 1:04, 1:294. 1:424, 1:M. Ooo« start. Won handily. Dead heaters for
place driving hard. Winner, Owens Bros.' b. h. by Three Cheers-Gold Cup.
Grady much the best at the weights. He likes a track like this one. Buckwa perhaps
heeded a race. Scarborough ran his raco. Marplot in the hunt for a mile. Coady put up
a very determined finish on Buckwa.
Ift FOURTH RACE— Five and a half, furlongs, two-year-olds; purse, $200.
... Ventoro I
2 Maiidalenas |
7 The Miller
... Leo Vertner
... Gold Fin
10 Cleodora
... Ventoro 11812 ... 114 18 1M It Hennessy .... 4-5 1-2
2 Magdalenas 116 I ... tt It 2 8 28 Oouln 5-2 2
7 The Miller 100 'i 5 ... 42 42 12 84 Holmes 8 8
;.. Leo Vertner 112] 4 ... . iH 81 41 48 Piggott 8 4
... Gold Fin 107! 6 ... 870 610 6 1 610 Snider 6-2 7
10 Cleodora 97 1 1 ... 6 6 6 6 Houck 6 I
Time, :19, :434. 1:10. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
Byrnes & Co.'s b. g. by imp. Golden Garter- Ventura.
Ventoro off on the fly, but wa» probably best anyhow. Magdalenas ran up to him, but
died away In last furlong. The Miller got the show because Leo Vertner was "short."
Others of no account at present.
2
3
5
4
6
1
4 2
5 70
8
2 8
1 t
4 2
81
6 10
6
IP
82
48
6 I
6
IS
2 8
8 4
4 8
6 10
<
■y ....
1
|*T FIFTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs, selling:, three-year-olds; purse, $280.
II Morlnga 1
... noulette Wheel ....V
1? Orkturuok 1
11 Stole V
I 1
I 4.
i 3
12.
1b
4
3 1
24
2 1
3 4
114
S 2
2 1
4
It
2 4
3 5
4
1 10
2 2
3 10
4
an
1-4
4
S
20
1-7
8
4
20
Time. :21, :454. 1:12. 1:39. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving. Win-
ner J. Conway's b. g. by Sobrante-Loma.
Moringa outclassed his field. Roulette Wheel an tuy second. Ocktunick not up to a
mile race. Stole showed tome speed, but stopped.
| O SIXTH
purse, $260.
(i»
"i
y del Tterra, 4...:
rry Thoburn, 4..
mo, 4
nchalance, 4 ]
I <
! 1
3 .
2>"
4
i
i
3
B
1
2
4
j
n -
1
*■■
IS
2 n
t 4
4
........ I
in
Time, :264, :50, 1:164. 1:41%. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Winner, E. W. Purser's b. 0. by Prince of Norfolk-Haldee.
Rey del Tlprra dead game. He was whipped for over half a mil*. Harry Thoburn hftd
all he could do to beat Lomo for plact. Nonchalance- outolaaetd.
Leo Vertner were at 4 to 1, Cleodora 7
and The Miller 10 to 1. Ventoro got away
in the lead and on the fly, and though
Magdalenas got up to him nearing tne
three-quarter mark, Ventoro drew away
again with slight urging and won easily
at the end by three lengths, Magdaienas
second, as far from The Miller. Leo Vert
ner, who had run prominently for over
three furlongs, was fourth. Time, 1:10.
Morlnga was a 1 to 7 favorite for the
seven and a half furlong selling race.
After a good Btart had I aen made and
Stoic had led for about three-sixteenths
of a mile Moringa took command, and
was not thereafter headed, though Ocktu
ruck got up when they had gone a little
over a quarter of a mile, in the home
stretch Ockturuek tired and Moringa won
with ease by ten lengths. Roulette Wheel
was second easily, two lengths before
Ockturuck. Time, I:39— a slow race.
For the last race, seven and a half
furlongs, Harry Thoburn was a 7 to 10
favorite, Rey del Tierra at evens, Lomo
4 to 1 and Nonchalance 12 to 1. To a fair
start Lomo went into the lead and held
it past the quarter by two lengths, past
the half by one length. Thoburn, who
had been lying second, passed into the
lead before the three-quarter pole had
been reached, but Rey del Tierra, whose
jockey had been at the bat from the
quarter pole, came fast on the outside and
won handily at the finish by three lengths,
Thoburn beat Lomo a neck in a hard
drive and through good riding. Time,
1:43*.
ENTRIES FOR MONDAY.
Five Harness Events and a Running
Race on the Card.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 10.— Following Is
the programme of races offered for Mon
day:
First rice, trotting, three In fly*, The Stan
ford stake:
1 George Buckman. I ... Dr. Frasse.
... Dos Mlnutos.
Second race, trotting, 2:30 class, mile dash:
II Joe Selby. ; 11 Neeretta.
6 Diana. \ (lUMamie Hiley.
11 Harry Marvin. 11 Phoebe Childers.
11 Shelby. ... Llsterine.
... Viva V.
Third raoe, trotting, 2:17 class, mile dash:
7 May B. (12) Prince Gltt.
12 Our Jack. 7 Dexter D.
3 Dlamont. 3 Myrtle Thorn*.
13 Lou.
Fourth race, pacing, 2:25 class, mile dash:
8 Clara H. 8 Belle W.
14 Qaft Topsail. ... Majella B.
... Thomas H. 8 Lady Margaret.
8 Harry J. | S Mia Louise.
8 Eilaa Simons.
Fifth race, pacing, 2:15 class, mile dash:
(U)Dlawood. 14 Dlctatress.
13 Beachwood. 13 Much Better.
... Delphi. ... Debernardl Bassler
... Bernard. ... Primrose.
... Peanuts. ... Juliet D.
14 Rex Aito.
Sixth race, running, selling, seven and a half
furlongs:
(13)Osculatlon 107 1 ... Hermanlta 103
18 Harry Thoburn..loJ 9 Lady Britannic. 98
11 Libertine 1131 ... Wheel Fortune. .lo7
The State Agricultural Society has en
gaged an expert to judge all the live
stock entered for premiums at the fair.
His name is James Whitcomb and he
hails from Hillsboro, Oregon. Heretofore
there have been three judges to pass on
each class of animals entered in com
petition. Mr. Whitcomb, whose work
began this morning, is very thorough, and
explains the defects of each animal by
means of a blackboard. His first labor
was on Durham cattle, and those present
were charmed with his manner of pass
ing on. the merits and demerits of those
trying for the liberal prizes. It is ex
pected that it will take close figuring to
pick the best of the Jerseys.
The substitute for race No. 59 will be for
2:14 pacers, mile and repeat. This event
is booked for next Friday.
Peixotto, who was, next to Lucky Star,
about the fastest horse in Montana this
season at six furlongs, arrived in Sacra
mento this morning.
Lorillard Horse In Front.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— At the first day's
racing of the Kempton Park September
meeting to-day the Lorillard-Beresford
stable's chestnut gelding Illogic won the
Waterloo Selling Nursery stakes of 1000
sovereigns. The horses ran a distance of
five furlongs. The conditions of this race
require that the winner be sold at auc
tion for 800 sovereigns.
Montreal Gets the Meet.
MONTREAL, Sept. 10.— A private cable
gram received from Vienna by Consul
Rattra states that Montreal's representa
tives have received the world's bicycle
meet for next year.
Mrs. Rigby Dies at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 10.— Mrs. Avilda
Rlgby, an old resident of this city, died
this morning at her home at Twin Lakes
at the age of 75 years. The funeral will
be held in Oakland.
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
GENERAL SHAFTER
TO REMAIN EAST
I Assigned to Command
That Department.
BATES FOR CAMP WIKOFF
SIGNIFICANT OFFICIAL VISITS
AT WASHINGTON.
Miles Among the Officials Visited by
Shaft er and the Two Officers
Are Apparently Good
Friends,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept 10.— A special to
the Herald from Camp Wikoff says:
Camp Wikoff will ccc no mow of Gen
eral Shatter. General Bates, who is
now in command, received orders from
Washington to-day ihat General Shaf
ter had been placed in command of the
Department of the East, with head
quarters at Governor's Island GeneraJ
Shatter will enter his new command
at once, and General Bates will remain
here.
The Washington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: General Shatter
this morning called upon Acting Sec
retary Meiklejohn, upon General Cor
bln in an adjoining room and then
upon Major General Miles. Then Gen
eral Shafter called upon the President.
The conference between General Shaf
ter and General Miles was apparently
most cordial and touched for the most
part only upon the phases of the Cuban
and Porto Rican camoaigns. Although
the main object of General Shafter's
visit to Washington was to present his
report of the battle of Santiago, he has
not yet been able to complete the docu
ment and will not present It before
Monday.
Word was sent by me to General
Shafter that he was reported in the
morning papers as saying that General
Miles was present at Santiago only "as
a visitor." General Shafter sent an ex
plicit denial of this statement, and Ma
jor Miley said he had had no interviews
with any one and refused to consider
any question touching upon any point
between himself and General Miles.
Major Miley said the two generals were
the best of friends, and that there was
no cause for this agitation in connec
tion with them. General Shafter will
remain here at least until Tuesday and
perhaps longer at the solicitation of
friends, though ke desires to get back
to Montauk as soon as possible.
CHAMPIONS AGAIN
SWAT THE GIANTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
! Clubs- W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L,. Pet.
Boston 79 42 .6M Philadelphia 59 68 .504
Cincinnati .."9 46 .632 Plttsburg ...82 61 .600
I Baltimore ...73 45 .611 Louisville ...53 It AH
| Cleveland ...70 51 .579 1 Brooklyn ....46 70 .397
ChleaKo 67 5« .645 Washington 40 81 .381
New York ..65 56 .638 1 St. Louis ...34 88 .279
BOSTON, Sept. 10.— The Champions
! made it three straight to-day, batting
i Meekin hard in the first and second in
| nings. Tenny made his reappearance at
first, and was warmly greeted by one
of the largest crowds of the season.
Attendance 5000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston « 8 11 1
New York S 10 3
Batteries— Klobpflanz and Bergen; Meekin and
Warner. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 10.— The Reds could
do nothing with Cunningham's delivery
to-day. Hawley pitched, but was poorly
supported. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 5 S
LoultvUla 3 7 5
Baturies— Hawley and Peters; Cunningham
and Kittredge. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ren.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— The Browns- won
trp-dny by bunching their hits. Both teams
fielded brilliantly. Attendance 1000.
Srore:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Ch!oa#o 2 7 2
St. Louis 4 U 0
Batteries — Woods and Ponohue; Taylor and
Sugden. Umpire— O' Day.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The Senators
lost because of poor work in the field
and a failure to hit with men on the
bases. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 4 8 3
Philadelphia 6 10 2
Batteries— Dlnneen and Farrell; Donohue and
Murphy. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 10.— It was a slug
ging game. Attendance 2200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 10 14 i
Cleveland 9 14 X
Batteries— Tannehlll. Hart and Bowerman;
Young and Criger. Umpire — McDonald.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Brooklyns
and Baltimores broke even In their
double-header in Brooklyn to-day. The
home team won the first game through
the superb pitching of Kennedy. The
second game went to Baltimore After an
interestf}*e struggle. Hughes held th«
home sluggers safe at every stage of the
game. Attendance 2900. Score first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 3 f 0
Baltimore 13 0
Batteries — Kennedy and Ryan; Maul and
Robinson. Umpire*— Lynch and Andrews.
Score second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 16 0
Baltimore 4 J 2
Batteries— Yeager and Grim: Hughes and
Clarke. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
MAILS IN FROZEN ALASKA.
Foetoffice Department Trying to
Facilitate Communication.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The Post
office Department Is making every effort
to facilitate mall communication with
Alaska in the winter, and has authorized
the postmasters at far northern points to
pay the maximum allowed by law to carry
on the service. A contractor has already
undertaken to do this work, and this ac
tion of the department Is taken aa a safe
guard to insure, If possible, the sending
of mail to and from the Yukon country.
HIGGINSON AND HOBSON.
The Former to Be Commodore and
the Latter Naval Constructor.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— Among the
naval orders to-day were the following
promotions: Captain Higglnson of the
Massachusetts, to be commodore from
August 10; Assistant Naval Constructor
R. P. Hobson, to be full naval construct
or, to date from June 23, the delay in
making the last promotion being caused
by the impossibility of having an earlier
examination.
San Benito's Democratic Ticket.
! HOLLISTEK,' Sept. 10.— The Democratic
county convention to-day nominated the
following i ticket: For Assemblyman, S.
J. Ware; Sheriff, E. E. ; Holbrook ; i Clerk,
J. 11. Shaw; ; District Attorney, John L.
Hudner; . Treasurer,'? John Welch; '•■; School
Superintendent; John H. ■ Garner; ; Coroner
W. W. Black; Assessor, O. W. McCon
nell. t A - proposition of ; fusion • with the
Populist convention was ; respectfully ■ de
clined; "■..,„-.'?" '.■ » ; i': ■ •'■• : / : . '.;' : ■■:',--,
-- : . ' -•v• v ... ' " '*■ m ■_"..:.'" -'■■■ i '•'■'■;■- ■■-' •- ■•• ■
Advanceß made on 'furnituro* and piano*,'. with
or without removal. J. < Noonan, 1017*1028 Mlßßlon,
Mljarmn—rt — rm^iTf^wn ■ ri i nr unir ii i >mi ■■■ ■■■■ n» » man ' ■
THE HARES WERE
GAME AND FAST
They Know the Escapes
and Win Out Easily.
SOME FAVORITES THAT LOST
MUCH MONEY ON FOR FREEDOM
AND ROSETTE.
The Great Championship Stakes Will
Be Run To-Day at Ingleside
and Union Parks-' — A
Fine Card.
The selling stake— ttoe run down of
which was decided yesterday at Union
Coursing Park— resulted in many surprises
for those who pretended to know a good
thing in the coursing field.
The shortenders had a gala day and the
moßt pleased men of the large gathering
that was present were the soldier boys,
who played the short end of each course.
The first upset of the day was when
the much fancied Magic was bowled over
by the llttle-thought-of Bendigo. Magic
sold at $6, while Bendigo found but few
takers at $1. Magic led for quite a dis
tance, but the hare was a traveler, and
when near the escape Bendigo forged
ahead and scored a go-by just as Bunny
passed out of sight. The judge declared
the course a "no go," but in the run off
Bendigo led to the hare, took first turn
and then it was give and take until Ben
digo killed, winning the course.
The second upset to the talent occurred
when Sportsman, on the $5 end, was sent
to his kennel by White Tip. who had few
supporters at $1 a ticket. White Tip ran
a fairly good course.
Then came the defeat of the Denver
dog, Bryan, by Sylvanite. Bonfire, an
other Eastern dog, was played heavily
to win, because of some alleged great
performance he was credited with hav
ing made, but he proved himself to be the
worst kind of a duffer, and was easily
beaten by Burlington.
Golden Kaglc defeated the favorite
Kathleen handily. This was a a .to 1
shot. Arapahoe disposed of Llßsak. a 2
to 1 favorite. The most amusing feature
of the day's sport was the three "no go"
courses between the duffers Jimmie Hope
and Defender. Neither dog was able to
exercise any of the hares they met, but
the judge finally decided in favor of De
fender on the ground of "speed" shown
to the hare.
Peaceful Glen, who sold at $1 as against
U on Eclipse, disposed of the favorite in
a good long run to the lower escape. The
soldier boys maae quite a "raise" on this
course. Quite a number of "no goes"
resulted in the run down. The results
were:
Belling stake, the run down— BemJalong beat
Ruth Ashmure; Babe Murphy beat Lucerne>
Bendigo beat Magic; Van Knapp beat Wild
flower; White Tip beat Sportsman; Sylvanite
beat Bryan; Revenge beat White Chief; Little
Doubt beat Reliable; Burlington beat Bonfire;
Morning Glory beat Sky Queen; Rapid beat
Black Pete; Golden Eaßle beat Kathleen; Mis
sion Boy beat Jimmle Cork; Jersey Lily beat
Tocaloma; Arapahoe beat Lisßak; Seldom beat
Alameda; Decorator beat Roaaleen; Defender
beat Jimmy Hope; The Goaaoon beat Star
Pointer; White Lily beat Santa Bella; Peaceful
Glen beat Ecllpue; Vigilant beat Gallant Foe;
Gilt Edge beat Skylark; Obadiah beat Dr. Nor-
This stake will be finished to-day, as
will also th i champion stake, which will
be the great and much looked for event
of the afternoon.
The winner of the selling stake looks
like either Gilt Edge or Seldom.
NOVATO WINS A STAKE.
A Number of Promising Young Sap
lings Ran Their First Course
at Ingleside Yesterday.
Yesterday was the hares' day at the
Ingleside Coursing Park, as they seemed
to have charmed lives. In the sapling
stake In the first nine courses only one
hare was killed, the others reaching the
escape safely, and an official remarked
joculary, "That this was only a 'warm up'
for the harea and that the sharp sprint
they made yesterday would only make
them the more fit for the run to-day."
The sport yesterday was excellent, and
as the atmosphere was clear from fog the
spectators were enabled to watch every
course to its finish.
The betting public was happy yester
day, as the day was full of surprises, in
several instances long shots winning, the
most notable being Master Mat at 7 to 1,
defeating Thad Stevens after the latter
dog had led up for a considerable dis
tance. Miss Dividends also aroused a
cheer from the short-enders, as the white
flag was raised announcing that the clever
little bitch had defeated the hot favorite
Matchless at the price of 3 to 1. Among
the other short-enders that earned their
followers' dinner money were Miss Phoebe
Torraine and little Dorrit. Kill Boy also
defeated Bell of Moscow at 6 to I, but
few had tickets to cash on the dog. as
the Belle of Moscow was considered a
moral cinch.
In the sapling stake the youngsters
made an exceptionally good showing,
Eleven Spot, Novato and Chief of Hill all
running well. Olympus was selected by
the wise ones to win the stal.e but the
dog was unlucky, being beaten in a short
course in the second round by Novato,
who made a drive and pick up. The stake
was finally won by Novato, the runner
up being Eleven Spot, the last course
being an easy thing for film, as Eleven
Spot was considerably weakened by hav
ing earlier In the day to run a couple of
very long and severe courses.
Non-winnera' stake, first round^Jame* I.
O'Brien' b Sharkey beat Penelope Kennel" •
Counterfeit; J I. O'Brien's Statesman beat P.
J. O. Kenna's rear Not; J. Cox's Mission Boy
beat Captain Clarkson's Kerry Qow; Dillon &
Reply's Revolver beat A. A. Duncan's Royal
Chief; J. Cox's Clifton Lass beat M. Allen's
Miss Alice; Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe beat
MeCullough & London's Magneto; Deckelman
& I'ar.arlo's Royal Oak beat Dillon & Relllys
Dauntless; A. Van den Burgh's Hobson beat C.
F. Brown's Rosalie; James Byrne's Nelly B
beat Kay & Trant's Killarnty Lass; J. Dean's
Brllllantlne beat Deckelman & Panarlo's Glen
Chloe: P, Oaffney's Lorraine beat Captain
Clarkson's Conqueror; J. Farley's Tullamor*
beat Penelope Kennel's San Mateo; D. Shan
non's Safeguard beat W. Perry's Campania;
J. Farley's Mjutlc beat O. Smart's Sllkwood:
P. Rellly's Martyr Mat beat J. Quane's Thad
Btevens; S. Hanaen's L. 8. Conley beat Kay &
Trant's Chit Chat; J. Murnane's Miss Dividend
beat T. McHugh's Matchless; O. H. Burfelnd's
Van Kirk beat F. Jones' Moonlight; Derby
Kennel's Little Dorrlt beat Gibson &. Moore's
Monitor; G. Herzog's L*ffky Bob beat T.
Hughes' Nellie H: M. Ryan's Kill Boy beat D.
Kaher'g Belle of Moscow.
Sapling Stake, first round— James Byrne's
Eleven Spot beat A. T. Leonard's Master Law
rence; W. O. Elmer's Fair Florence beat Ford
& Duffy's Violet; W. J. Shleds Caschel Beau
ty beat Ford A Duffy's Lily of the Valley;
Ford ft Duffy's Chief of the Hill beat W. Mur
phy's Silence: A. T. Leonard's Novato beat J.
Mclnerney's Honeymoon; James Byrne's Olym
pus beat P. Kerwln's Lady Sarnetts; B.
Wood's Black Night ran a bye.
Second round— Eleven Spot oeat Fair Flor
ence; Chief of the Hill beat Catohel Beauty;
Novato beat Olympus. Black Night ran a bye.
Third round— Eleven Bpot beat Chief of. the
Hill; Novato beat Black Night.
Final round— Novato beat Eleven Spot.
The winners to-day should be: Statesman.
Mission Tip, Clifton Lass. Royal Oak, Brll
llantine, Tullamore, Safeguard, Master Mat,
Van Kirk, Little Dorrtt.
Fatally Shoots His Playmate.
SAN PEDRO, Sept. 10,-Rex Machado,
a 14-year-old Mexican lad. to-day shot his
playmate, Eddie Schmidt, in the fore
head with a Winchester rifle. The boy is
still living, but his skull is fractured. The
Machado boy has fled, and It is not
known whether the affair was an acci
dent or the outcome of a quarrel. Neither
was vicious nor bad, and no one saw the
Shooting.
Catholic Ladies' Aid Grand Council.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 10.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladles' Aid So
ciety will meet from Monday to Friday
Inclusive at Hotel del Mar. Delegates
are to be present from all parts of the
State. The session will open Monday
morning at 9 o'clock at the hotel, with a
high mass by Father McNamee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE'RE I
READY
FOR
FALL and I
WINTER. I
ARE YOU?
We are ready with six floors filled with
I nothing but bright, new fall styles in eloth-
j ing for man, boy or child. We guarantee
to save you one-half in everything.
HOW we do it.
I WE grow the wool.
( WE weave the cloth.
WE make the clothing.
% WE sell you at wholesale prices.
There's no one between us.
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
Wholesale Clothlngr Manufacturers— Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills,
. 121=123 SANSOME STREET,
Between Bush and Pine.
LOOK FOR ALL BLUE SIGNS.
No Retail /Wall Orders Filled.
TO PRESERVE
CALIFORNIA'S
FOREST LANDS
U. S. Receiver Carter
Gives His Views.
FOREST RESERVATION NEEDED
THE NORTHERN PART OF THE
STATE WANTS PROTECTION.
A Proper Fire Patrol Should Be
Established and Steps Taken
to Check Waste of
Lumber.
The efforts of The Call to secure legis
lation for the better preservation of our
forest areas have met with full apprecia
tion In Shasta County. Lloyd L. Carter,
the United States Receiver for the Shasta
Land District, who is now enjoying a hol
iday in this city, states that the residents
of Shasta and Redding highly approve of
the protest entered by The Call aganlst the
poisoning of the country roundabout by
the fumes from the Keawick smelters.
Certain business people in Keswlck and
Redding do not like to admit the truth,
because it might be prejudicial to their
commercial interests. But the majority
of the residents, and especially the fruit-
growers and ranchers, would welcome a
law compelling the Mountain Mining
Company to consume its sulphurous
fumes, which at present are devastating
the whole countryside.
"My land district,' said Mr. Carter,
"covers the whole of Shasta County, as
well as p'ortlons of Siskiyou, Trinity, Mo
doc, Lassen and Tehama. It includes most
of the pine belt around Mount Shasta,
where there are vast areas covered wuh
magnificent sugar and yellow pines, let
if torest destruction goes on at the pres
ent rate the whole area wiTl be devastated
in less than forty years. With modern ap
pliances and the milling machinery now
In use the lumber is cleared off at a terri
fic rate. Besides, there is a great amount
of wasta. Only the best is taken and the
worst is left behind. I met a lumberman
from the East the other day, and he was
simply astounded at the way our forests
are being taken up. In the Eastern States
they use every particle of wood for one
purpose or another. Here they only take
the best of the tree, the lower portion,
and leave the rest to rot on the ground."
Mr. Carter thinks that much good
might be accomplished if the Federal and
State governments could agree upon a
common ground of action. "The establish
ment of an efficient fire patrol," he re
marks, "would in Itself do a great deal
of good. It Is already an Indictable of
fense to start a forest fire, but owing to
the lack of supervision, convictions can
not be secured. Then the State might es
tablish nurseries on some of the vacant
land it owns, where experiments could be
made with all kinds of exotic trees to as
certain which were most suitable for prop
agation in this climate. Also steps could
be taken to check waste, and to prevent
the destruction of trees under a certain
size. Land which has already been dev
astated could be replanted with the kind
of timber most suitable to the locality,
and where the young pines are coming up
naturally they should be thinned out, so
as to insure an even crop of timber.
Measures of this kind are necessary, if
only to preserve the rivers of the State.
Owing to the felling of the timber and the
frequent bush fires much of the rainfall
fails to reach the rivers, and I know of
many springs in Shasta County which
have dried up from this cause. There
should be forest reservations all over the
State Instead of merely In one portion of
it."
It is a singular fact that although the
Federal Government has reserved large
areas of land in the southern portion of
the State for forest purposes, not a sin
gle acre has been protected north of San
Francisco. J. M. Gleaves. the United
States Surveyor General in this city, fur
nishes the following list of Federal tim
ber reservations in California, all of
which, it will be noted, are south of San
Francisco: San Gabriel, 573.04S acres;
Sierra Forest, 4.079,360 acres; San Bernar
dino, 731,17<> acres. Arahueo Canyon, 49,
7fiO acres: San Jaclnto. 664 «78 acres; Stan
islaus. 70F..340 acres: Pine Mountain. 1.735.
083 acres. The total area thus reserved
is no less than 8,538,445 acres.
"What we want." insists Mr. Carter, "Is
to get some of the rich timber lands in
my district reserved. We have to deal
with an area of over 3.000.000 acres, and
there 1b plenty of room for a forest res
ervation. That 1b If steps are taken in
time. We hope soon to get a forest res
ervation proclaimed In Lessen County,
and also one In Siaklyou."
AMATEURS HELD
THE RIBBONS
Exciting Harness Racing
at Ingleside.
A DRIVER WAS DISQUALIFIED
BETTORS WHO LOST MADE A
DEMONSTRATION.
Correct, the Favorite, Swerved^ Cut
ting Off Newman, and in Con
sequence Was Placed
Last.
The closing day's sport of the Golden
Gate Park Driving Association meeting
did not attract so large an attendance as
on Admission day, but the sport through
out was of the highest class. The pro
gramme of six races was not completed
until dusk.
The third race provided the Bensation
of the day in the disqualification of Cor
rect, owned and driven by Nick Hottua,
a shock-headed lad of 16 years. He was
second In the first heat, won the second
and finished first in the third heat, but
was disqualified. The horse has a bad
habit of swerving-, and the youthful
driver was repeatedly cautioned by the
judges. This did not seem to have the
desired effect. In the third heat the
driver of Maud Newman protested, claim
ing to have been cut off in the stretch.
The Judges allowed the protest, placing
Correct last.
The decision raised a storm of disap
proval from the holders of tickets on Cor
rect. They gathered about the stand and
hissed Judge Crowley when he announced
the result. The majority of the bets made
were on Correct to win.
In the first heat of the race the horses
scored many times. Driver Callan with
Carry C being chiefly to blame. The
> ADVEKTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
1 PUT THE MONEY IN BANK, §
®■ . ': —■' '; . ' ;'!v '*"'•©
® Or Leave it With Any Reputable Business Man In San Francisco Until You ®
® Are Cured-A Fair Offer to Afflicted Men. \. ®
® 1 ®
® ■. We have such confidence in our methods and remedies for restor- ®
® Ing partial or complete loss of vital power, and curing contracted ail- ®
_ ments, that we are willing to have the price for a cure deposited in any 9
y bank, :or with any • reputable business man in San Francisco, when @
® treatment is commenced. If a satisfactory cure is not made in a given %
® me \u ?v. amount to, be returned to the. patient. If the patient ad- f
_ mits that he is cured the money is to be paid to us. ®
r\ _°, .°. othe reputable physicians have ever made such an offer to the ®
® afflicted, : and we could not afford to do so if we were not convinced 9>
after seventeen years' experience, that we have the ability to make pos- «
ltive. quick and permanent cures. Nervous Debility and Its attending ®
® I a?e STd7n^hfs°off a e gg r lOUB B1 °° d Ploi SOn ° ther contracted ailment! g
® If you want a new lease of life, we can give it to you. If you want ®
® to sleep t sound and to feel active, strong, full of vim. vigor and amW ®
tion, test our incomparable methods and remedies. The experiment will
® cost you nothing unless we do all that we claim to. ni wIH ®
@ Oorrespondenee and Other Dealing With Patients Saoredly Confidential. - @
® ... . —
® SYMPTOMS. If you cannot ®
•> Confusion of J£psilE '^Hl come to San Fran- ®
® st^iess^s"*"^' Wlr ' W CiBC ° ° r Ca " *"'* ®
® *' ' rt' a /^^^ * i^Sliffi^^^' \-part of our staff ®
® pain Tn'ihe 6 b^ck] B^'^l^^\ "**" they mak<! ®
® .loss of ambition, \TI %■' P^ their regular month- fj
g drowsiness after ra. I </ j^ /> y v »*'ts to interior ®
0 meals, loss of flesh, /^IpPSroM ><T3i|^» /7/ towns, write for pri- ®
® bashfulness. dizii- vate book - for men ®
® othe h rs eart o r d w m hich ;^Pfv^^SlPc^' CaS6S WeakneSS |
® victims are . well Jgmk K^HL^^^^m^^ ° f men ' question ®
® aware. 'wrZy£s' 1 \^*^^T^^^^^^^^^' list> etCt| a " free< ®
g | MEN ONLY. | f oll SULTtTIOII ' tMD mi6lniE \ MEN ONLY. | |
• DR. MEYERS CO., ** "ttrt4£&, c .,p ; 'jj
(5j TAKE ELEVATOR 6. HOURS— B to 12, Ito 5 daily. Ev.nlngi. 7to 9; Sun'd.yi. 9to It. ,'v ®
®® ® ® ® ®'® "® ® ® ®® ®'®'® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
horses were finally dispatched to a strag
gling start. It was Fanadma all the way,
the brown mare having a lead of four
lengths at the half, which she Increased
Indefinitely. Correct broke badly at a
critical point of the race, finally finishing
second.
The second heat was won by Correct
by four lengths, pulling up. It was any
body's race up to the last quarter, when
Correct came on an<! won, Fanadma tir
ing badly in the stretch.
Correct was played to win the third
heat as though there was nothing else
to it. He led a couple of lengths at the
quarter, but down the backstretch waa
lapped by Fanadma. They went to tho
half like a double team. In the home
stretch the leaders were joined by Maud
Newman and Azabia. The result was in
doubt to the Judging post, where Correct
just won out. The judges gave the heat
to Maud Newman, the second horse, dis
qualifying Correct for cutting her off.
The final looked a certainty for Correct.
He opened at 1 to 3, Newman 2 to 1, and
Fanadma 5 to 2. Soon after the start
Correct broke, and the race seemed to be
between Fanadma and Maud Newman.
Once Correct settled down to his stride
and he closed the gap rapidly, but his
pilot commenced to drive too late. Ha
was finally beaten half a length by Maud
Newman. Fanadma third. The summary
of the races folows:
FIRST RACE.
Mil© heat, best two in three.
Klondyke (Cuicello) \ j
George Wllkes (Berry) 2 a
Time, 2:38—2:40. _
SECOND RACE.
Mile heats, best two in three.
Plunkett (Steuart, 2 1 1
Butcher Boy (Misner) l 2 2
Time, 2:23Vi— 2:25— 2:22%.
THIRD RACE.
Mile heats, two in three.
Maud Newman (Cuicello) 4 8 11
Fanadma (Richardson) 1 2 2 3
Correct (Hottua) 2 1 5 J
Carrie C, Azabia and Prince C also started
Time, 2:28— 2:26%— 2:28— 2 :29 H.
FOURTH RACE.
Mile heats, best two in three.
Al Gregor (Berry) \ j
Harvey Mac (Mizner) 9 i
Time. 2:19—2:21. *
FIFTH RACE.
Mile heats, best two in three.
Reatanious (A. Schwartz) 1 f
Alfred H (J. W. Hamerton) 2 3
Admiral Dewey (K. Cerciat) 4 j
Lottie (Parks) 3 4
Time, 2:3Ui— 2:39V4.
SIXTH RACE.
Mile heats, best two in three.
Wayboy (Johnson) ...1 t
Ha verland (Berry) 4
Localeer <;E. Stewart) 3 2
Pardee (F. Gommett) 2 4
Sir Abbott (M. Reardon) a 5
Time, 2:32V4— 2:29.REPUBLICANS
MAKE THEIR
SELECTIONS
District Conventions
Nominate.
NO CONTEST FOR PLACES
CHARLES S. LAUMEISTER AND
JOHN G. EDWARDS.
One Selected for Railroad Commis
sioner and the Other for Mem
ber of the Board of
Equalization.
The delegates to the Second Railroad
District Republican nominating con
vention met in Shiels building yester
day morning and nominated ex-Sheriff
Charles S. Laumeister as the candidate
to be opposed to William M. Hinton,
the Populist-Democratic nominee for
the office.
The meeting was called to order by A.
Ruef, who announced after the calling
of the roll that a quorum was present
and that the first order of business
would be the nomination of a candidate
for member of the Board of Railroad
Commissioner* from the Second Dls
trirt.
The name of C. 8. Laumeister was
presented by Delegate Alexander of
CHARLES S. LAUMEISTER.
Republican Candidate for Railroad Com
missioner From the Second District.
Marin County. Alexander, in a brief
but eulogistic speech, said that Lau
melster carried "more sand in his
boots" than any one else mentioned in
connection with the office.
Th" nomination of Laumeister was
led by Delegate Wwxtworth. As
th>-re were no other aspirants, H. P.
Bonntag moved that the nomination be
made by acclamation by the secretary
casting th» ballot.
After receiving the nomination Lau
melster made a brief speech. He said
that he had been in buslnesfl for over
twenty-live years and that he almost
daily shipped <<r received goods. He
said that he felt that his experience in
that line woul'l be of great service to
him in discharging the duties of Rail
road Commissioner, should he be
elected.
The nomination of Laumeister came
Bomewhat as a surprise, as he had been
previously mentioned as an aspirant
for the oflire of Mayor.
Th<> delegates to the First Equaliza
tion District convention als~ met and
nominated J. G. Edwards, editor of the
Coast Review, to make the fleht
JOHN G. EDWARDS.
Republican Candidate for Member of the
Board of Equalisation Prom the First
District.
against J. Placehunter Dunn, the
choice of the Populist-Democratic con
vention. Edwards, who was placed In
nomination by T. D. Riordan. was the
recipient of a eulogistic address. "Mr.
Edwards," said Riordan, "is a man who
has never sought office, but thirty
years ago he showed his loyalty to the
country in going forth as a soldier and
fighting in the armies of Grant and
Sherman."
The Fifth Congressional convention
will meet next Monday to rlame a
candidate for Congress. The Indica
tions are that Congressman Loud will
receive the renomination.
GRAPE-NUTS.
DELICIOUS FOOD.
Grape-Nuts, the delicious new food,
needs no cooking. It is ready for In-
stant use and is a crisp toothsome dish
of a decidedly new flavor. Its taste la
likewise a hint of Its high value as a
strength-making food, welcome to ath-
lete, brain worker and Invalid.
Grocers sell it*
RIVAL FACTIONS
SEEKING TO HOLD
THE PARTY NAME
Appeal of Warring
Populists.
ARGUMENTS BEFORE BROWN
SECRETARY TAKES THE CASE
UNDER ADVISEMENT.
Fusionists and Mlddle-of-the-Road
sters Disagree as to Which
Should Be Styled tha
"People's Paxty."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— Secretary
of State Brown to-day listened to ar
guments as to which faction of Popu
lists of this State should have party
designation on the tickets to be used
at the approaching election, and at the
close of the hearing announced that
he would give his decision on Monday,
or after he had completed an investiga
tion into the facts of the case as laid
before him in documents filed by the
warring factions. There Is a possibil
ity that a decision may not be reached
Monday and not until witnesses have
been heard touching the points in
volved.
Thomas V. Cator, representing the
middle-of-the-road Populists, put in
the time of the morning session, held
in the Supreme Court chamber, in
reading the petitions of his faction. He
laid stress on the contention that there
was no objection or protest in the Dem
ocratic State Convention against fu
sion, or in the Silver Republican con
vention, and that by reason thereof the
fusion candidates will, in any event,
have a place and designation or desig
nations upon the official ballot, even
though they be not allowed the right to
use the name "People's party," and
without the circulation of a petition;
whereas, if the candidates of the
straight out Populist convention were
denied the right to file their certificates
of nomination under the name "Peo
ple's party," they could have no place
upon the official ballot, without the
great expense of a petition nor in any
event unless they misrepresented them
selves by taking a name which would,
under the circumstances, be false, as
they were not and never had been any
thing but members of the People's
party.
This afternoon, when arguments were
entered upon, Cator said the subject
involved legal consideration principal
ly, and that the Secretary of State
would have to look at the case simply
in its legal phases. He held that the
law clearly stated that a convention
was an organized assemblage of dele
gates, representing a pqlitical party
which at a general election had polled
not less than 3 per cent of the votes
cast in the State. Now the question
was for the Secretary of State to de
termine, which party held the conven
tion as contemplated by law. Was it
the straight out Populists or the fu
sionistst The Populists called the
convention and it has been decided that
the regularly constituted State com
mittee of a party was the trustee or
agent of that party, bound to keep
within and never to exceed the powers
piven it by the party creating it. When
this agent, Cator continued, kept
within the scope of legal authority its
actions were binding. Union with
other parties having a uniform plat
form was permitted by the call, but not
union with any party whose platform
disagreed with, or contained planks not
included in, the platform of the origi
nal Populist party organization. That
convention only is legal which at its
conclusion may have its labors certi
fied by the chairman and secretary.
E. S. Van Meter of Fresno r.nd Judge
E. A. Bridgford of San Francisco ap
peared on behalf of the fusionist wing
of the Populist party. Their contention
was that the certificate of nomination
of James G. Maguire as the Populist
candidate for Governor and various
other candidates mentioned in the cer
tificate of nomination by a majority of
the delegates of the regularly organized
convention, called together under the
call of the State Central Committee of
the Populist party of the State, and
that the certificate signed by D. T.
Fowler as chairman and Carlton H.
Johnson as secretary was a certificate
of nomination made by a pretended
convention of delegates who constitut
ed a minority of the delegates to the
regularly called State convention of the
Populists, and that T. W. H. Shanahan
and the other candidates mentioned in
the certificate were not candidates of
the regularly called convention of ,the
Populist party of the State of Califor
nia, but were attempted to be nomin
ated by a minority of delegates to the
regularly called State \ convention,
which minority withdrew from the reg
ularly called State convention after
having acted with the majority thereof
as set forth.
Interested witnesses to the proceed
ings were Seth Mann, chairman of the
Democratic Central Committee, and J.
C. Spelling of San Franci3co. Spelling
and James H. Barry are contestants
for designation as Democratic candi
dates for Congress of the Fourth Dis
trict in San Francisco. Barry will be
up with his forces on Monday, when
the case will be heard.
CALAVERAS DEMOCRATS.
Resolve, Reaffirm and Nominate a
County Ticket.
SAN ANDREAS, Sept. 10.— The Demo
crats of Calaveras County assembled in
convention at this place to-day. An or
ganization was effected by the election
of Frank Brown of Milton as chairman
and L. F. Jones and S. L. Davidson as
secretaries. After dispensing with pre
liminary work the following ticket was
nominated:
Assemblyman, W. K. Dean; Sheriff, B.
K. Thorn; District Attorney, John J.
Snyder; County Clerk, Auditor and Re
corder, James S. Jack; Assessor, William
M. Nuner Jr.; Superintendent of Schools,
John Waters; Tax Collector, H. Wesson;
Coroner and Public Administrator, Dr.
Buckley; Surveyor. A. H. Coulter; Su
pervisors, H. B. Wergand and J. M. Late.
Resolutions were adopted reaffirming al
legiance to the principles enumerated in
the Democratic State platform. Maguire's
candidacy for Governor was heartily in
dorsed, and the efforts of Congressman de
Vries in Congress were applauded. The
nomination or S. B. Burknam for State
Senator from this district received the
ratification of the convention. The con
vention also expressed its approval of the
administration of James H. Budd as Gov
ernor of this State.
Tuba's Democratic Nominees.
MARYSVILLE.SeptIO.— The Domocratlc
county convention to-day made the follow
ing nominations:' J. P. Donahue, Sheriff;
E P McDanlel, District Attorney; S. O.
Gunning, Auditor and Recorder; T. J.
Williams, Cle^k; W. G. Murphy. Assessor;
William Leech, Coroner; J. A. Scott Su
perintendent of Schools; Supervisor, First
District, Hugh McGuire; Fifth District,
W. J. Mellon of Challenge Mills. The
nomination for Treasurer was left blank,
no candidate uesiring to run against tne
Republican nominee, George W. Pine.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
ALL READY
FOR THE
CAMPAIGN
Republican Executive
Committee Meets.
M'LAUGHLIN THE CHAIRMAN
HENRY T. GAGE CONGRATU
LATES THE MEMBERS.
Make-Up of the Standing Commit
tees — Populist-Democratic Ac
tion Concerning Veterans
Denounced.
All of the preliminary steps neces
sary to be taken prior to the formal
opening of the Republican campaign
have been accomplished, and all that
now remains to be done is the neces
sary arrangement of details.
The final step was taken yesterday
afternoon by the organization of the
executive committee of the State Cen
tral Committee. A chairman and other
officers were elected, the various sub-
committees were appointed and the
preliminary work of the campaign dis
cussed. Some important action was
also taken concerning matters that are
at present attracting the attention of
the voters of the State. Interest In
the meeting was added to by the pres
ence of Henry T. Gage, the Renublican
candidate for Governor, who arrived in
the city from his home in Los Angeles
earlier in the day. Mr. Gage will re
main in San Francisco until after the
formal opening of the campaign in this
city, the date of which has not yet been
definitely fixed.
The meeting was called to order by
Major Frank McLaughlin, the follow
ing members of the committee being
present: George C. Pardee, E. Nus
baumer, E. F. Preston, Wendell Easton,
Paris Kilburn, Horace Davis (by
proxy), W. J. Dutton, George Stone (by
proxy), Dr. R. C. Meyers, J. Alva Watt,
J. K. Wilson, E. C. Hart, Frank P.
Flint, H. Z. Osborne, W. F. Parker and
A. G. Gassen.
The first order of business being the
election of officers this was proceeded
with without delay, resulting in
the selection of the following named of
ficers:
Chairman, Frank McLaughlin; first
' vice chairman, George C. Pardee; sec
! ond vice chairman, E. F. Preston;
I treasurer, Paris Kilburn; secretary, E.
jC. Hart; assistant secretary, Jacob
| Steppacher; corresponding secretary, L.
| L. Bromwell.
A resolution was adopted authorizing
the chairman to appoint all standing
I committees. Major McLaughlin then
j announced the various committees and
their members as follows:
CAMPAIGN.
Wendell Easton (chairman), George C.
Pardee, R. C. Meyers, E. Nusbaumer, W.
F. Parker, Horace Davis, J. Alva Watt,
George Stone, Paris Kilburn, E. C. Hart,
Frank P. Flint.
FINANCE.
W. J. Dutton (chairman), Phil N. Lil
! ienthal, J. K. Wilson, E. F. Preston,
George Stone, I. Vpham, Wendell Easton.,
A. G. Gassen, George C. Pardee, Paris
Kilburn, James McFadden.
AUDITING.
E. Nusbaumer (chairman), Wendell
Easton, E. C. Hart, P. N. Lilienthal, Paris
! Kilburn.
ELECTION LAWS AND REGISTRA
TION.
Dr. R. C. Meyers (chairman), J. Alva
Watt, H. Z. Osborne, E. F. Preston, Isaac
Ujiham, J. K. Wilson.
LEGAL.
E. F. Preston (chairman), E. C. Hart,
J. Alva Watt, Frank P. Flint, E. Nus-
I baumer.
LITIGATION.
Horace Davis (chairman), George C.
Pardee, E. F. Preston, Isaac Upham, W.
J. Dutton, H. Z. Osborne, P. N. Lilienthal.
On motion ft E. F. Preston the fol
lowing resolution was read and
adopted:
Resolved, That the executive committee
i of the Republican State committee de
nounces the attempt of the Democratic-
Populistic party, in a suit entitled "Ab
bott Kinny vs. T. E. Newlin," commenced
in Los Angeles County, to disfranchise
2100 veteran soldiers of the republic now
residing In the home provided for them
by a generous and grateful people.
Resolved, That the legal committee of
the executive committee he ami they are
hereby instructed to defend said suit and
take all necessary legal steps to secure
to the veterans the right to vote at the
coming election regardless of their politi
cal affiliations.
A general discussion of plans for the
campaign about to be opened was in
dulged in, after which Henry T. Gage
addressed the committee, thanking its
members for their acceptance of the
trust delegated to them, and for their
evident intention of doing all in their
power to further the interests of the
party and its candidates. He further
stated that he would place himself at
the entire disposal of the committee in
all matters pertaining to the cam
paign, and that he wished to be con
sidered as one of the workers in the
Republican vineyard.
The sub-committees will meet on
various dates next week, beginning
next Tuesday.
New Republican Club.
The Forty-second Assembly District
Republican Club was organized last even
ing at a meeting held in the Parrott build-
Ing. The officers chosen were as follows:
President, W. S. Duval; first vice-presi
dent. Thomas K. Kase; second vice-presi
dent. Dr. J. Green; secretary, Dr. T. N.
Leib; treasurer, C. M. Nichols; sergeant
at arms, C. Ottoson. An executive com
mittee of twelve was chosen. The club
indorsed the State ticket and Julius Kahn
for Congress In the Fourth District. Two
hundred and seventy-six members signed
the roll.
Thirty-Second District Democrats.
At a meeting of the Thirty-second As
sembly District Maguire Club held last
evening the following-named permanent
officers were elected:
Chairman, John E. Buckley; vice chair
man, Michael Graney; corresponding sec
retary, I. S. Delehanty; financial secre
tary', William Farrell; treasurer, James
W. Lucy; sergeant at arms, D. Molloy;
committee on conference— John E. Buck
ley, J. J. Ryan, Frank Lawler; commit
tee on finance— Frank Lawler, Captain
M. Graney, John Hardiman, James Lucy
Alex DeJou.
Two New Candidates.
Two new candidates far the Democratic
nomination for Superintendent of Streets
have announced themselves to their in
timate friends. One is Joseph Belser, of
the contracting firm of Williams, Belser
& Co.; the other is John R. Morton, who
was chief outside deputy under Superin
tendent Ashworth during the latter's first
te"rm of office. Morton is now in the real
estate and Insurance business.
A Maguire Club Organized.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District
Maguire Club was regularly organized, at
627 Haight street, last evening, with a
membership of forty-seven. The follow
ing officers were elected: Frank Bragg,
president; Tom Cleary, vice-president;
Charles Ritter, treasurer; J. H. Dillon,
secretary.
DID NOT TALK
ABOUT FUSION
Alameda Democrats Call
a Convention.
C. M. BURKE IS A GENTLEMAN
DECLARED TO BE SO BY A
UNANIMOUS VOTE.
Bourbon Primaries Will Be Held in
the Various Wards Across
the Bay on September
Nineteenth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. 10.
The Democratic County Central Com
mittee met to-night to arrange for the
primaries and conventions. There was a
good representation from all parts of the
county. Alameda was cared for by Judge
St. Sure and T. C. Stoddard.
J. M. English, M. J. Laymance, D. F.
McCarthy, M. Farrell, C. L. Cortage, C.
M. Burke, James J. Pagnem, J. n. Town
send, L. Kehoe, P. O'Kane, W. B. White,
P. Mullen, E. F. Gilligan. S. Bachrach,
Dr. A. Fine, C. H. Brosnahan and C. W.
Logan represented the wards In the city
of Oakland.
From Eden Township came A. Decamp,
John Obermuller, Carl Iverson and E. J.
Holland, and from Oakland Township
John Cavanagh and T. H. Murray.
Chairman Brosnahan stated that the
flrs; business was the framing of the call
for the convention. It was decided to ap
portion the delegates by wards and town
ships on a basis of one delegate for every
fifty votes and major fraction thereof cast
in 1896 for J. W. Martin for Presidential
elector.
This apportionment provides for the fol
lowing number: First Ward, 591 votes,
12 delegates; Second Ward, 741 votes, 15
delegates; Third Ward. 677 votes, 12 dele
gates; Fourth Ward, 600 votes, 12 dele
gates; Fifth Ward, 415 votes, 8 delegates;
Sixth Ward, 613 votes, 13 delegates; Sev
enth Ward, 627 votes, 13 delegates; Ala
meda, 898 votes, 18 delegates; Berkeley, 685
votes, 14 delegates; Oakland Township,
618 votes, 12 delegates; Brooklyn Town
ship, 434 votes, 9 delegates; Eden Town
ship, 569 votes, 11 delegates; Washington
Township, 278 votes, 8 delegates; Murray
Township, 576 votes, 12 delegates. Total,
166.
Primary or club elections will be held
in the townships of the county and wards
of the city of Oakland September 20, and
there shall be no enrollment after 9 p. m.
on September 19.
The convention will be held in Germanla
Hall September 24. opening at 10 a. m.
The test for voting at the said election
will be as follows:
"I am a Democrat and will support the
nominees at the election to be held on the
Bth day of November, 1898."
It was suggested that it were decided to
fuse with the Populists. Democrats under
the test would not be bound by
their oath to vote for any but strictly
Democratic candidates. R. M. Fitzgerald
evidently remembered the fusion that did
not fuse in Alameda County two years
ago, for he said: "It might be construed
that way, but some of them want mighty
little to absolve them from voting the
ticket, anyway."
It was ordered that a roll of member
ship in the respective wards of the city
shall be opened daily for at least five
days before the 19th of September. The
election of delegates in " Berkeley and
townships of Alameda County will be
either by club roll or primary, as the com
mitteemen from the respective townships
may decide, and the election, if by pri
mary, shall be held between the hours
of 3 p. m. and 8 p. m. on the 20th day of
September. All elections are to be under
the supervision of the committeemen of
the respective wards and townships, who
have power to appoint all necessary offi
cers of election.
Owing to the many conflicting lines of
the Senatorial, Assembly and Supervis
orial districts a discussion followed as to
the distribution of delegates to the va
rious district conventions. R. M. Fitz
gerald stated that their good friends the
Republicans had failed to find a remedy
for the conflict, and it was decided to let
each committeeman adjust matters for
the best in each case. C. M. Burke, a
committeeman from the Second Ward,
reported that there was some friction in
his district. He said he had always be
haved himself as a gentleman and rather
than not have things run Bmoothly he
would resign. Burke spoke with some
feeling.
Chairman Brosnahan said he did not
desire to see a change, and Burke said:
"Well, I will put it to the house— Am I a
gentleman?"
"The chair entertains the motion," said
Brosnahan, and there was a yell of ayes.
"It is the unanimous vote of this com
mittee," said the chairman, "that Mr.
Burke is a gentlmean. Mr. Burke, you
will please remain on the committee' —
and Mr. Burke assented.
The question of fusion was not brought
before the committee, but Mr. Laymance
said that he had some ideas on the sub
ject that he would divulge later.
Alameda Silver Republicans.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.- The Silver Re-
publican county central committee met
at its headquarters, wl Ninth street, to
night and arranged for postal primary to
elect delegates to the county convention
and also appointed conference and cam
paign committees.
FUSION DEFEATED IN
MONTEREY COUNTY
Democrats Adopt a Middle-of-the-
Boad Policy by a Vote in
Convention.
SALINAS, Sept. 10.— The Democratic
county convention assembled at the opera
house to-day. During all of last night
and this morning caucuses of Supervis
orial district delegates were held and
plans arranged. Reports that attempts
would be made to break the prearranged
slate became verified when the conven
tion was called to order by B. V. Sar
gent, chairman of the county committee.
A test vote was taken on temporary
chairman, which resulted in the defeat of
the courthouse ring.
When the committee on permanent offi
cers and order of business reported
they wanted a committee of five ap
pointed to meet a like committee of
Populists on September 15 and fuse
with them on Assembleyman, claim
ing this would be acceptable, and the
Populists would swallow the balance of
the straight Democratic ticket. Immedi
ately a dozen delegates had the floor,
claiming recognition. Hot words fol
lowed, various members speaking against
the project in plain language. Cheers
greeted every word spoken against fu
sion, and when it waß announced that
non-fußion had carried by a vote there
was great cheering, mingled with hoots.
During the speaking it was confessed
that no candidate had a chance of be
ing elected unless fusion was effected.
The nominations of officers then pro
ceeded. Great excitement prevailed while
the ballotß were being taken for Sheriff,
Assessor, Treasurer and Coroner. The
"push" seemed to have its forces well in
band and despite the /act that it had been
defeated overwhelmingly on the question
of fusion it carried out its programme
with only one exception — that of nominee
for County Treasurer, the ring candidate
being defeated. The candidates nominat
ed are:
School Superintendent — Mrs. J. E. Chop*
of King City.
Sheriff— H. R. Farley, Gonzales.
County Clerk — J. D. Kalar, incumbent.
Assessor — W. A. Anderson, Incumbent,
Auditor— W. R. Coner, Salinas.
District Attorney— J. H. Andr«sen,
Salinas.
Recorder— J. A. G. Adcock, Salinas.
Tax Collector — E. P. Alexander, incum
bent.
Treasurer— J. A. Taylor, Salinas.
Coroner— W. T. Barry, Salinas.
Assemblyman — F. P. Sells, Monterey.
It is admitted by Democrats and others
that the ticket is very weak and detracts
from the strength of the State ticket.
Fusion in Placer County.
AUBURN, Sept. 10.— The Populists of
Placer County In convention here to-day
indorsed the ticket nominated by the
Democrats three weeks ago, as follows:
Assemblyman, J. S. Mariner; Sheriff, W.
C. Conroy; Clerk, A. F. Ford- Recorder,
J. M. Hackett; Assessor. O. E. Mitchell;
District Attorney, A. K. Robinson; School
Superintedent, O. F. Seavey; Treasurer,
G. A. Dieter. They also nominated D. L.
A Hen for Supervisor in the First Dis
trict.
Contra Costa's Bepublican Ticket.
ANTIOCH, Sept. 10.— The Republican
county convention met In Crockett to-day
and nominated the fallowing ticket- jp'or
Assemblyman. C. M. Belshaw; Sheriff R
R. Veale; Clerk, James Rodgers; Record
er, A. E. Dunkel; Assessor, Henry Jones-
Tax Collector. H. C. Raap; Treasurer R*
L. Ulsh; Auditor. A. J. goto; Coroner, J.
A. Jordan; Public Administrator, John
Bendtxen; Supervisors, T. Col ton and U
Matthlson.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
00000000000000000000 0000000000000000000000000000000 000
ITIES OWN REMEDY!
I I
i Another Man Made Happy By This Wonderful Belt, f
o o
1 DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
q Is an appliance which is known all over the world for its wonderful tonic influence upon the o
O waning vitality of men and women. Its touch is the touch of life. Warmth and energetic O
° health follow its application within ten days. A permanent cure of all weakness — restoration of
o new life — is assured in the longest-standing cases within ninety days. O
0 A REMARKABLE CURE. «
O Chico, Cal. O
O DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Over two months ago I purchased one of your Electric Belts. I have worn it reg- O
Bularly since then, and it has cured me of vital weakness of thre^ years' standing. It has made me as well and q
strong as a person need be. Before purchasing the Belt I wis not able to do much work. Now I can do as much ft
n as any other man. You are at liberty to use this testimony as you desire. Will answer all letters inclosing post- *f
W age. Yours respectfully, JAMES WRIGHT. O
° IT IS A GRAND REMEDY. %
q It assists Nature by a general re-enforcement of vital energy by infusing a mild, warming, o
o invigorating current of electricity into the nerves, and by supplying the system with the very O
° essence of nerve vigor and nerve strength. °.
2 ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE? S
O °
O Study yourself. You can be a stronger man than you are. I You should be stronger. O
O You should have more confidence in yourself. Steel your nerves with this electric current. Feel ®
® its warming glow as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. Call and test this o
o wonderful Belt free. See what it has done for others ; 10,000 cures ! If you can't call, send O
i o for the book about it, free. Call or write to-day. Don't put it off. Address £
1 DR. A. T. SANDEN, -"ir v drug stores. * I
O TO2 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. Dr.sande7TEUetrieß.it O
in Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 10 to 1. Branches at Los Ange- nor by traveling MrtnU; onlj **
i" les, Cal.. 232 West Second street; Portland Or., 253 Washington street; Den- »t our efflct. Over,
° ver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., * * O
O 110 I/orth Main street. q
000000000000000000 00 00 000000000000 00000000000000000000 O
POLITICIANS ARE
STILL GUESSING
Oakland Veterans Cre
ate a Diversion.
CREATION OF A NEW "CAMP"
SAN LEANDSO PREPARES FOR
THE CONVENTION.
New Combinations That Dispel All
Possibility of the Formation
of a Successful
Slate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 10.
Just on the eve of a primary It is some
what significant that there should be a
split In the Army and Navy Republican
League. This body of men, which has
911 names on its roster, represents one of
the strongest political elements in this
city and has done good service in the Re
publican corps since it was organized.
Last night a new camp was established
under the leadership of H. D. Talcott In
his capacity as senior vice commander
fn-chlef of the State league. It is known
as Dewey Camp No. 19. Among the
charter members are J. C. Darnell, Phil
M. Walsh, R. A. Johnson, F. M. Farwell,
A. W. Remold, who is colonel of Dewey
Camp, W. E. Wallace, who is the major,
and about twenty others.
The parent league at a lively meeting
declared that the new camp is a bold at
tempt on the part of General Talcott to
steal the influence of the older body in
the State executive committee. Some of
the older members declare that the new
camp is simply a Joke , organized to
help Talcott in his right for city Justice
of the Peace.
San Lcandro is making great prepara
tions to entertain the Republican county
convention on the 19th inst. The local
Republican club has appointed the fol
lowing committees to handle the busi-
ness. •*:■;">"■•■-.": .\:--'
Finance committee— B. C. Hawes, John
Driver, Antone Rogers, J. S. Witherell,
J. W. Haas.
Hall and decoration committee— John.
Holmgren, J. W. Haas, J. 3. Witherell,
J. W. McCoy, Joaqujn Cunha.
Banner committee— John Driver, J. E.
Barbeiro, E. D. Armstrong, Duglas Tof
felmler, Antone Rogers Jr.
Printing committee O. J. L<ynch, , J. :S.
Witherell, B. W. Perry. -
Music committee— J. W. McCoy, Antone
Luclo, Joe Sllva.
Entertainment committee— C. Hawes,
H. A. Morin, A. J. Santos, E. A. Watklns,
John Black. - .
Reception committee— B. W. Perry, B.
C. Hawes, Bud Toffelmier, J. S. Wither
ell, B. D. Gray. A. B. Cary, R. S. Far
relly, J. Bardeiro, L. C. Morehouse, E.
B. Stone, L. J. Martin. A. C. Estes, M.
V. Ritter, Dr. J. H. Miller and W. F.
Cunningham.
The straight Populists of • Alameda
County have fared very well at the hands
of the convention held at Sacramento
some weeks ago. This county has on the
State ticket the following: Douglas P.
Fowler of Alameda, Lieutenant Governor;
Green Majors of Alameda, Attorney Gen
eral; C. 8. Preble of Berkeley, Surveyor
General: 1 A. A. Bretz, Railroad Commis
sioner; Robert Stewart, Congress; W. R
Batten of Alameda, State Board of Equal
ization. _
If anything more were needed to show
the fallacy of the statement that a Re
publican slate is made up for this county,
ft is the latest combination that has come
before the public. This combination has
taken up Firm D. Hinds of the Fourth
Ward for Tax Collector In opposition to
Barber of Alameda, and also W. 8. Hax
low for Sheriff in opposition to Rob«ni ot.
Alameda. A. K. Grimm is also put up
for Auditor to prevent him taking the
Recordershlp possibly from C. H. Spear.
As this plan provides for the total exclu
sion of Alameda from representation on
the county ticket, with the exception of
E. K. Taylor for State Senator, it will
certainly force the island into a com
bination with some of the townships
which cannot fall to bore holes through
any alate that may be held up before the
convention.
The latest reported agreement between
candidates is that between Assessor D«J
ton of the First Ward and Judge Allen
of the Third. Four years ago this com
bination would have been considered one
of the rarest of possibilities. Now it is
said that Judge Allen Is the choice of a
large element of voters whom he could
lead to the general strength of the Re
publican ticket. As Frank Jordan and
Harry Melvin are confident of winning
out in the Seventh Ward, the nomination
for District Attorney which Mr. Melvin
seeks will of necessity become a con
vention fight unless a new deal be made.
At present it looks as though the con
vention will be made up of Jrreconcilable
nut oni tne result or whu'n will be to
upset all combinations made before the
delegates assemble.
P. J. Keller, the Mayor of Piedmont, is
the latest candidate to announce that he
will run Independently for Sheriff.
Among the likely candidates being men
tioned by the fuslonists is Charles B.
Lloyd, ex-Chief of Police,
Percy B. Preble of Oakland, who was
nominated by the People's party for the
office of State Printer, has filed nis resig
nation with County Clerk Jordan.
FRESNO EXPOSITOR
NO LONGER DEMOCRATIC
Unterrified of the Raisin Center Dis-
gruntled Over the Loss of the
Newspaper.
FRESNO, Sept. 10.— The Weekly Ex
positor, which appeared this morning for
the first time since the suspension or the
daily, was issued as a Republican paper.
The local Democrats were very indignant
at the change of front of their former
organ, and this evening there was talk of
burning the paper in effigy. It contained
editorial notices of the Republican can
didates and urged the election of the very
men whom a few weeks ago it was con
demning in the severest terms. For
twenty-four years the Expositor was the
leading Democratic organ of this part of
the valley, and its change of politics was
a surprise to every one.
Tulare Populists Indorse Pace.
TULARE, Sept. 10.— The Populists of
the Thirty-seventh Senatorial District
held their convention , here to-day and
nominated Dr. H. L. Pace of Tulare. Pace
is the Democratic nominee. The fusion
spirit was not unanimous, the vote stand
ing 9 to 7 in favor of Pace.
CORBETT SAYS HE IS
IN FINE CONDITION
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— In an Interview
to-day Corbett aald:
"I do not hesitate to say that my phy
sical conuition is entirely satisfactory to
me and my trainers. My trip to Ban
Francisco did me no harm whatever. It is
true that I took on a few pounds in
weight during that let-up In training,
but the effect of that increase may bo
rather beneficial than otherwise. It has
given me a little more honest flesh, and
I think I shall need the surplus between
now and October 15 to work upon. I
find that the break In routine did not
affect my wind or speed to any material
extent. To-day, I may Bay, I am back
to the form In which I left my training
quarters, and from this time on all my
work will be to the good. My trainers
agree with me in/ all this, and we are at
it with tha same old confidence."
Found Dead in a Fresno Hay-Loft.
FRESNO, Sept. 10.— Abraham Dennis.
' an old-time resident of Auberry Valley,
i this county, was found dead this mornlne
in the hay loft of the California Feed
Stable. He drove In last night, put hi*
t horses up and then went to sleep in the
loft, where he died. A jury returned a
i verdict of "death from natural causes.
I Dennis was 68 years old and a native of
; Pennsylvania.
910
MILLER'S "TIP"
WAS EVIDENTLY
NOT CORRECT
Unlikely More Troops
Will Goto Manila.
SO SAYS GENERAL CORBIN
IN ANSWER TO A TELEGRAM
FROM GOVERNOR BUDD.
Meantime the Work of Mustering
Out the Sixth and Seventh
California Regiments
Goes On.
Ypßterflay It was stated that Brigadier
General Miller had received a tip that
possibly all the remaining expeditionary
forces might yet be forwarded from San
Kranolsco — a portion to Manila and an
other to Honolulu. This became known
and of course raised the hopes of the men
at the Presidio. It seems, however, from
the following dispatches that General
Miller's tip was misleading:
SAX FRANCISCO. Sept. 9.
H. C. Corbln. Adjutant General I'nlted
Etatos Army. Washington: If any further
troops are needed for Manila I will consider it
a Fi'polal favor that the Sixth. Seventh and
£ighth California regiments be Klven an op
portunity for active duty.
JAMES H. BUDD,
Governor of California.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 9.
Governor Budd. San Francisco: It is not
thought probable that any considerable num
ber of troops more than are now at Manila
will be r*H)iiirt-.l there. H. C. CORBIN,
Adjutant General.
This evidently settles the matter so far
ni> Manila is concerned, and it is not be
lieved that the prospects for sending any
more troops to Honolulu a:e any more
encouruKiiiK. Meantime the work pre
paratory t<» mustering out the Sixth and
Seventh California regiments Is pro
gresslng aa rapidly as possible. There is
a bare pnpsU llity, however, that the mus
ter-out ordf r of these two regiments may
l>p revoked, and that they may be re
tained tn service until the peace treaty
■with Spain Is finally "signed, sealed and
delivered." President McKinley states
thai he, does ii"t oonslder that the wur
Js ended until that is done. It now turns
cut that the dispatch that was received
liv Colonel Baldwin, In which it was inti
mated that orders for the removal of
the troops to Honolulu might be promn!
gated from Washington within forty
eight hours, was from an unofficial
Bource, General Miller stated that he Is
ii'iv of the opinion that nothing will be
done until General Merrlam returns from
Honolulu to report upon the availability
of camping Bites f'>r the soldiers. No
one seems to think that the War Depart
ment will change the order to muster out
the Sixth and Seventh California regi
ments even if the other troops are sent
away in thp near future.
The three companies of the Eighth
Regiment, umicr Major Whitton, to rt?
lieve the Sixth, come over froYn Oakland
yesterday morning and went Into, camp
nt Fort Point near the old mortar bat
tery. The companies were brought over
upon th. McDowell, as was the one com
pany that was left for duty at Alcatraa
Island. The other companies of the Sixth
arrived and went Into camp at Fort
Point near the present battalion already
there.
Sylvain Weill Arrives.
Sylvaln Welll, a member of the firm of
Stfln. Simon & Co., and wife arrived
from the E«st Inrt night nml r«gist»red
at the Palace. Mr. Wolll spent a year
travf>lin& over th<- interestlriß points of
Europt-. but was glud to return to this
city. He states that the heat throughout
the East and Europe makes traveling
unbearable. His trip was purely one of
pleasure.
Sullivan-Plumb Wedding.
Thf> marriagp of Miss Kittle Sullivan,
eldest daughter of Mrs. D. Sullivan, to
Amasn ('. Plumb was solemnized at the
residence of the bride's muth>-r. 119 Chat
tanoripa street, by the Rev. Father Grif
fin of St. James Parish. The bride was
attended by her sisUtr. Miss Ida T. Sulli
van, and the groom by James Spencer.
The hrloe was Riven away by her cousin,
John Edwards.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
& FREE
m' ■ fill EH I k!
tour- ■^■-*-
age ONCE there was
*. a Queen of Spain |
**" who had a chance I
Say lo Bay " No> " Ne -
. .m/ 99 gleet of that duty
I vs^ has cost Spain the
When p- ri ° f ;; h ° An.
tilles and a vast
PrOOT empire in the Pa-
■ cine.
■^ Sometimes
llnrlA- j" YES " i 8 a better !
unuv wori Manysuf-
niabie«i ferers> given up as
incurable, had the
Icourage to inves-
tigate a new scien-
tific system of medicine. One
week of this wonderful . treal-
inent has proven to one and all !
that they had done an injustice I
to science by declaring their
disease incurable. They have
the courage to say they were
wrong.
Dear Doctor: I have suffered for over three
years with asthma and for two years of
catarrh of the stomach. 1 was a physical
wreck when I consulted Dr. Rouxel. It has
done wonders for me. I am a changed man.
lly cough is gone; my short breathing has
aim pea 1 sleep sound: my appetite re-
turned as by magic, In four weeVs I have
gained 10 pounds. In every way I feel that
a wondrous change has come over m«
WILLIAM LAWRENCE,
■ 54S Clay St., City.
The new system cures consumption, asthma,
bronchitis, catarrh of the hea.l. throat or
stomach.
TRIAL TREATMENT FREE.
Out of town sufferers write for free book, ad-
vice and trial treatment.
DR. ROUXEL
And Associated Pbysiciens. ■
3-23 ICEA\RINTr STREET.!
Hours: 10 to i and 7 to 8; Sundays, 10 to 12. j
FITZPATRICK
PROVED EASY
The Sand Crabs Bat Him
Unmercifully.
REALLY FEATURELESS PLAYS
THE ATHLETICS PLAY AN IN
FERIOR GAME.
The Result cf the Contest Was * T ever
In Doubt, Baltz's Gameness
and Sand Crabs' Work
Being Interesting.
By Joe Corbett
Mr. Fllzpatrick. that star pitcher, with
a reputation equal in some respects to
that of our National League masters,
met with a setback yesterday afternoon
at the hands of those fast-coming 9and
Crabs, and was oompelted to retire from
the field of hostilities after the game
was irretrievably lost. Mr. Reilly, the
premier second bflseman of the league,
succeeded him amid an avaianche of
hoots and groans, the result of the gloom
he cast over the territory known as sec
ond base by his rendition which might
be sufeiy termed "Mow not to play soc
ond base."
Mr. Reilly, however, despite the fact
that he claims no relationship wit». the
pitcher's department, acquitted himself
notably, as he did on a former occasion;
but, wlthul, his efforts came too late, as
hl« predecessor had already met the fire
of the foe, who ln the future will ue a
much dreuded one, I have no doubt, so
tar as KUzpatrick is concerned.
It will be easily conjectured, therefore,
that Mr. FHzpatrick, in the baseball ver
nacular, was Just a trifle to the bad.
The expression, however, does not, 1 fear,
convey the proper conception of- his bad
ness, baseballically speaking, of course,
and to be more pointed or rather to come
to the point without discussion, 1 will say
that Mr. Fitapatrlck was hammered un
mtrclfully by thoee Sand Crabu, and
when he did finally condescend to retire
I, for one, was infinitely obliged by hiß
condescension. Yet, 1 must confess, that
1 entertained a rather wearied opinion
of his successor, Reilly, who, during his
predecessor's sojourn, gave a truly
amateurish exhibition of the national
game, the kind that will easily discour
age a pitcher, ajid did in this case, for
unfortunate Fltz, like all other knights
of the box, naturally expected his second
baseman to stop base hits and do great
things ln general, for Reilly has In tiie
past demonstrated his worth and ability.
Whether my conjectures ure correct or
otherwise the fact remains that Fiiz
pitched miserable ball, and to make mai
lers less complicated, the Sand Crabs de
veloped a terrific batting streak, which,
coupled with the ragged playing of Reilly
and other members of the support, made
the game one-sided and uninteresting, ln
a sense, as the victors were never in
doubt, they having an unconquerable lead
after the third inning, the score standing
at this stage 6 to U in their favor.
In the next Inning three more runs were
mude. and in the inning following two
more, which left the score registering 10
to 1 in their favor, and from this on the
game was baseball in name only.
1 cannot say, however, despite the
score, that the contest was entirely un
interesting, for it was not.
The Sand Crabe were ln elegant trim
and played one of those fast, hard hitting,
clever games, making up by the interest
they manifested ln the contest what It
lacked ln excitement.
They really played the best game I have
seen them play this season, and have ln
the past month Improved in almost every
department.
Their battery and base running were of
the pennant order, and the dashing spirit
apparent ln their every effort has gained
for them much applause.
It is really a pleasure to see them per
form; that Is, When they move as they
did yesterday, and if the other clubs
would make as much noise, and thereby
make up ln this manner what they lack
in the art of real baseball, I have no
doubt of their also winning the admira
tion of all.
There is no disputing the fact that a
lively manifestation of true interest in
I the outcome of Die game Is admired by
the fans.
Baltz, who did the twirling for the Sand
Crabs, displayed an unreasonable amount
of lively spirit, and ln consequence hurt
his ankle. It is not necessary to go into
the extreme while endeavoring to emerge
victorious, but even after condescending
to slide. Baits continued ln the game, and
this display of spirit and gameness, while
not meeting with the appreciation of all,
lor many considered htm too badly in
jured to play further, was, nevertheless,
greatly applauded.
With his Injured ankle, which must
have made pitching a most tedious task,
Baltz labored on, doing masterly work.
When his cohorts placed the game be
yond danger for him, he let up enough
to allow his opponents a few runs, but
never once did he permit them an op
portunity to rally.
His support, while not perfect, was truly
elegant. But few mistakes were cred
ited to them, which pale into insignifi
cance ln the face of Rellly's mistakes
alone.
Many long hits were sent to the field,
but Strieb covered himself with glory by
the way he handled five of them, all of
which were taken on the run, and one
in particular being captured only after
a noble effort.
The game was, therefore, interesting at
times, but all credit is due the Sand
' Crabs, for it wan their beautiful work
which held (he crowd the entire game.
The feature of the contest waa the poor
throwing of the Athletics, and the awful
mistakes of Reilly, the emergency pitcher.
The score follows:
ATHLICTICB.
AB. R. Bp. SB. PO. A. E.
HUderbrand. r. f....T 1 3 2 % 2 0
Relllv. 16. b 4 11118 1
McLaughlln. 1. t 6 0 0 0 1 0 0
Stultz, es 6 0 10 0 8 1
Johnson. 3d "b..V..... 5 0 2 0 t 4 8
Scott, Ist b 8 0 0 « 18 0 0
Funi. c... '.. 8 0 0*221
Sheehan. c. t 8 111 i 01
Fltzpatrlck, p 2XOOOOO
Eager 10 0 0 0 0 6
• Totals S7 4 9 4 24 1« T
BANTA CRUZ. .
: l>ilK AB. R. BH.'SB. PO. A. E.
Melntyre. c. f 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
Wllllamß. ss 4 111,1,6 2
; Devereaux. 3db 8 1 11*8 2 2
Strieb. I. f.... 4. 1 2 8- 6. 0 0
, C. Daubenbts. c 4 16 13 10
; Arrellanes. 2d b...... 4 0 10 4 I 0
I Fitzgerald, Ist b 3 % 1 II 0 0
Hurge. r. f .:...;.... 4 ' 3 8 0 i '• 0 0
Baltß. p.... 4 18 3 9 10
Totals 35 10 13 8 27 11 4
■■: RUNS BY INNINGS.
Athletics ....: 0 00013000—4
R-ise hits : 0 I I 121 1 1 0 —
Santa Cruz .....-.;;... ..0 i 3 3 1 0 0 0"■ •—lt) '
, Base hlt« ...: .\...l 2 1 4 4 0 « 1 •—
SUMMARY.
Run* responsible for—Fitzpatriek V. Haltz 1
i Two-base hits—Rellly. Johnson (2), Strieb,
Burg*, Baltz. Sacrlflre hits— Rellly, Dever
eaux. Itane on errors—Athletics 4. Santa Cruz
3. Bases on balls—Athletics 3, Santa Cruz 2.
I/eft on bases—Athletics 10. Panta Crus 4
! fitruck out—Hy Fltzpatrick 1, by Rellly 1. by
! Baltz 3. Double plays—Williams to Arrellanes
to Fitzgerald: Hllderbrand to Scott. Time of
j lame-1:40. umpire —Sweeney.',
SAN* JOSE^VIOTORS.
SAN JOSE, Sept. Over 2000 people
witnessed the ball game between the
Oaklands and £an Joses. Jack Arrlck
was In the box for the local aggregation,
and his work was the principal factor
In the winning. Oakland located his twist
ers only five times. The fielding of both
teams was. neat and clean. ' '£?''?•: £■£
.. BAN JOSE. ■■•£'
_ ■ , _'-" y i':-:ir- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockoff, 8 b .... t 0' 1 0 ■ 2 I !■
Hanley, 1. f *■... 8 j JO 00 0
! Pyne., s. s .....5 • 1 0 I T 1
McGucken c. f : 4 1 19 8 0 0
Hanlon. 1 b..,.. 6 2 4 0 11 0 0
g*j»>. 2b. 50 10 3 4: i 0
Foley. r. t.. 4010260
Kent, c .:.... ..8- 0 0 6 2 0 0
Arrlck, p........... 4 10 0 0 1V 0
\ TotaU 40 6 U "0 .27 . U..:"5
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Donovan, c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
O'Nell. 2 b 8 0 0 0 2 11
Lnnge. S b 4 110 8 6 1
Sullivan, o. 4 110 4 6 1
Hardle. r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Bliss, lb 4 0 0 0 12 JO 1
Sohmeer. s. 8 4 0 1 1 1 4 1
Pean 1 f 5 0 0 0 1 S 0
Mosklman, p 8 0 1 0 1 0 0
Totals 36 2 6 1 17 IB 6
RT7N3 BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 0 0 0 2 110 o—6
Base hits 1 0 0 2 2 J 3 0 I— ll
Oakland 0 00000200—2
Base hits 0 0010180 I—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moaklman, 4; Arrick. 1.
Three bapp hits— Sullivan. Brockhoff, Hanley,
Pyne, Hanlon, Kuan. Two base hits — Langf",
Hardle. Bas^s on balls — Off Mosklmaiv, 1; off
Arrirk, 1. Struck out— By Arrick. 2. Left on
bas«-s— Oakland, 4; Ban Jose. t. Hit by pitched
ball-MoGucken. Double plajr— Pyne to Kjun
to Hanlon. t'mplre— Crfamer.
ATHLBTICS VS. OAKLAND.
They Will Cross Bats To-Day a
Recreation Park.
To-day at Recreation Park the Oak
lands and Athletics will cross bats. As
Fitapatrlck is very sincere In his desire
to redeem himself, It may be surmised
that the Oaklands will have a hard road
to travel, and that a good game will en
sue. The line-up follows:
Athletics. Position. Oakland.
Fltzpatrick Pitcher Ruasell
Ford Catcher Sullivan
Scott Firet base Bliss
Reilly Second base O'Neill
Johnson Third base IJange
Stultz Short stop Schmeer
Mclaughlin Left field Mosklman
Sheehan Centex field Donovan
Illldebrand Right field Hardle
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Rußh and Larkln sts. EwlmmlnK, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdirfrt from ocean.
PRESIDIO NOTES.
Punishment of Private Scruggs
of the First Tennessee
Regiment.
Private W. 11. EdwartJa, Company I,
Seventh California, and Private Jultus
Witthoff of the Steward Hospital Corsps
died at the Division Fieia Hospital yes
terday.
I/cave of absence for eight and ten daya
has been granted By General Miller to
Captains W. F. Steepy and J. M. Walker
of the Fifty-first lowa Regiment respec
tively.
The patrols outside of the Presidio res
ervation in the neighborhood of Green
and Baker streets were increased last
night to guard against any demonstration
upon the part or such soldiers as might
be inclined to be noisy or create trouble.
The findings of the court-martlaJ in the
case of Private Andrew W. Scruggs,
Company E, First Tennessee Regiment,
tried upon the charge of a^nault and bat
tery and conduct prejudicial to good or
der and military discipline, were approved
by General Miller yesterday. The court
sentenced Scruggs to three months' con
finement at hara labor, and advised that
this part of the sentence should be ex
ecuted at Alcatra* Island. He was also
Sentenced to be dishonorably discharged
rom the service of the United States and
to forfeit all allowances due him or about
ti) be due him. It will be remembered that
Scruggs was the soldier who struck Dan
Thomas on the head with an Iron bar
after he was ln the custody of an officer
and wa* being escorted to the Tennessee
camp. Lieutenant Hauserman of the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment, who was
counsel for Scruggs, has replied to the
letter written to General Miller by the
soldier. In which he denies that he aavleed
Scruggs to plead guilty. On the contrary,
he states that he told him to tell the
truth. He also declares that Soruggs Is
indebted to him for getting him oft with
such a light sentence.
No man ever believes that a woman
ln a white frock can be anything but
angelic.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®S®®®®®®® ®® ® ®®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®® ® ® ® ® ®'® ®® ®®®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®®®
I Surplus Stock From Twenty Factories! J
I COMMENCING TO-MORROW MORNINC-LOOK AT THE PRICES 1 J
§ XfiSiTSSS^r 1 " u^* I"'^1 "'^ "^aJ $16.50 af'STSrtSma' 95c t S'°'t Ch "l.V ®
n aa to preserve the rich more expensive articles yet of- greatest of offerß. Made ®
® sraln. Th« high baC 812.00 W rthnB - PrenCh fered lat the wholesale price. It is hardwor?nt.auT ed @
®,s richly embossed, and $12.00 Dresser, oak or ma- oughly seasoned and . highly pol- hardwood, antique fln- ®
® the posts and npindles . __„ nr ,» nt »h. n* a » M t «»,.i.- lshed. The top shelf Is supported' . lsh. The back Is beau- -.
•r, suss jst ~ - -•-,--- re;r c ; ttnrAsk'asJS t r:, "™,r. '" I
® trartrvenefis are points plate mirror swings In shaped for silverware. As this Is an cx- X
/r, ln tnis chair's favor. stanchions. We have other designs ceptional offering, we advise an open woven cane, var- (S)
U Worth Jl 7&. : f, at different prices. early order. nlshed. Worth Ji 35. q
® Wl : NOTABLE CARPET AND CURTAIN OFFERIN6 I + + Ifgf® |
1 Ppf! : NOTABLE CARPET ANIKIRTAIN OFFERING! ♦ |
® l' I I 11 ▲ • Concludlnji sale of Velvet, Brussels, Axminsters, Tapestries, ♦ f ' I -I ®
® I* " JL- IS a + Inftralns, Oilcloths, Llnolcom from the great auction sale of ♦ 1.9 //
® feCjcfl T the Alexander Smith Carpet Mills. 4. \VL J// V
I PTI :.3Wse: 85C GREAT CURTAIN SALE* HW
A 8^ tm} I Extra Velvets- * *t 1(\ UllLll .UUII I fllll .U^LL Mil ®
(j) «*- . -M^- ▼ per yard .V..:.. ..;.... ■•IVf ,• ■ . .>. /-] . B 1 ®
I $3.45 :"552Tj r 2S=:""""ifMo We W .U .off.,-' at B pcc.al* J *• YkJ\ |:
® $3.45 S2Jj'WrS'"=^ Sl2O We will .offer at special^ *%%i+ ®
® very pretty design per yard................ .O1«aV tempting prices OUP finest and ♦ , Z^
® in quarter -sawed Heavy Ingrains- .;r SKC choicest patterns of Lace " Cur- "f — •" W
® oaU. Notice Is > JC&fr'sZZ~ ! 2^l taln«. >$2.!5 ®
® called to the double + per yard..... «or $12 EO Brussels and Irish Point Curtains- -ff M ad c of t>,» nTi -' ® '
X Bwell top-rlm. which + oilcloth— '" ■ Oi~i>* P*r pair ...:......... ....?7.30 4.™ ■-, ' -tne. cele- |
® Is not clearly shown! per yard................ .............. *UC 12 50 fine Nottingham Curtains....... J .23 ▼brated Hungarian w
©in the cut. The* ,noleum. 2 yard, wide- . OK r *f . gg S^nrtSf^tkS ii¥ •-'" "-'o ♦ A h> P ' an ° polish, gj
shaped top I, 16X16 per yard............... «SOC &%?^V^ttl^to?!?"^^H: 15C * U is so rich in a P - ®
•jT In. It Is - made :of ♦ Mnoleum, 4 yards wide— KA/» 00 pairs Bagdad . Stripe .' that It is. ®
® quarter ": sawed '. oak, > per yard.... .tFvrw Tapestry. 60 inches by 3^4: <£A RA a appropriate for the ®
® pi an o polished; a, Japanese and Chinese Matting— yards,; pair.....:..... ........ «PT-.OLf "^ richest - furnlsh^i fS\
/js bringing ont . the T SOpercent, 25r 2flr 1 K/» . 1 OXr 7n pairs Rich Oriental Taper- 'eO^R^room Th. «,,V^-
® grain In detail. ♦ redVtion... &™, £Üb, 10C, 1 d$C -.try. -5 colorings, pair.. ...:.. .C|>O.< O+° '1O „ , round ; ®
©Worth »375. ♦♦♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦4^+ V+ +++ + + l!J: Thls ®
— . . T T T ' ■ ' ' t,t T T T TTtl» worth %3 30. w
/a 00000000000000 Come to our store at once. We are literally ,■..-- OO'OOOOOOOOOQOA n
/■* O ..":■"'-"?-;. ' V selling Furniture for a song. Are you going _ ■ vwwwgW
.®O rnfjfj— "That Money 0 ■t0 gtve some one else 15 or 20 per cent more « rnpp_ Bneclal Cr*t O a
® % rtttt Saving Book" 0 for th. same article No sensible woman will O rREE [aC uefJf f O
®V*f, of household O -no shrewd buyer will. Great crowds come to © metal b d O
®j* furniture *ent frece on O out «tor« daily— new custcmera-Hoid customers. O lace curtains baby O ®
® V application out Of San O ' If rou h " ve >m:!n the habit of purchasing O carriage** Wplro »«»Xl®
S O FranciSCO Only. 0 g a wkhout comparing. STOP NOW-buylng. O .hen-"'"' W " tC '° r g •
w o • " V that way meanß big 'bills at the; end of: the ;° xncin '/; O :«v
® '■'_-. '^/,__-_ .^ "• O month. ■ Come to our «tor« at " once. • You save •-.. O ' . .- '■ : O ■
(T 00000000000000 money at P«tto«l.n' B . OOOOOOOOOOOOOOC ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®<S)®®®®®®®®®®®®®
THE HARDYS
ARE CHAMPIONS
Easily Defeat O. Picher
and L. Freeman.
END OF THE TOURNAMENT
MISS MARION JONES WINS THE
LADIES' SINGLES.
Weihe and Adams Fall Victims
to the Superior" Playing
of Picher and Free
man,
The last day of the Pacific Lawn
Tennis Association's championship
doubles was not as well attended as
the opening, due no doubt to the early
departure of the defeated and their
friends who manifested no further in
terest In the tournament. There were
three matches left over from Friday,
the finals between Messrs. Freeman
a«d Plcher and WVihe and Adams, the
championship event between the for
mer team and the Hardys and the la
dles' single championship, in which
Miss Marlon Jones and Miss Martin
contested. Freeman and Picher de
feaied Welhe and Adams, but when
they met the Hardys from Oakland
the pill of defeat was prescribed for
them. They took It with good grace
and went back to Palo Alto without
the crown, sadder but wiser men.
The same faces, the same expressions
of enraptured Joy emanated from the
grandstand that lines the courts, and
the same water pitcher did service as
of old. The only novelty of the day
was the new occupation which Code,
old In years but young ln looks and In
the ways of the world, took unto him
self. He fumed for some service. The
management refused to allow him to
direct the tournament or to stand on
the side lines, so he accepted the only
other occupation, that of lord chief car
rier of the Ice water. He was a com
plete success and hereafter will figure
in that capacity at all big tennis af
falrß. The ladle* commented upon his
grace as he presided over the water
pot, and his heart was glad.
It was a blistering day, as the feet of
the players will attest. When Picher
and Freeman stepped on the courts to
battle with Welhe and Adams, the
"ponies." the asphalt was almost red
hot. Th« "ponies>" did wonders in the
first net. Every point was contested,
and for a moment there was a wave
of Joy spreading over the faces of the
California Club supporters. Game by
game the score advanced until it was
five all. Then the Stanford men brush
ed up a bit and won ever- vantage
game until they finished the match at
10—8. The score read 9—B, 40—30, in fa
vor of the Beasoned team from Palo
Alto. Freeman smashed the ball and it
hit Adams outside the court, but ac
cording to the ruJes of the game the
point was given to the smasher, and
that ended the set.
Picher and Freeman won the second
set, 6—l.6 — 1. This took the courage out of
Weihe and Adams and they lost the
third set.
Then society put on mourning, for
the "ponies" are beloved by the old
and young of the elect.
In the morning Miss Marion Jones of
Nevada and Santa Monica struggled
with. Miss Martin In the finals of the
ladles' tournament. Miss Jones started
a pace which Miss Martin could not ap
proach. In three straight sets the
young lady from the Silver State set
tled the hopes of Miss Martin. The
score was 6—l, 6—2, 6—2.
The championship match was as
pretty an exhibition of tennis as has
been seen in this State. The Hardys
never played better ball In all their
glittering career. This was due in a
great measure to the weakness of their
opponents, Freeman and Picher, who
served as subjects for the Hardys' clev
erness. The three sets were won by
Sumner and Sam Hardy, 6—2,6 — 2, 6—2,6 — 2, « — 3.
Stanford's tennis blood will be en
riched by the presence of Sam Hardy,
who has entered that college.
Freeman showed great Improvement
in his playing, especially in his high
smashes. Both he and Picher played
remarkably good tennis. The "pony"
team in the first set with Picher and
Freeman won the applause of all, Welhe
playing the better game of the two.
With maturity and judgment, Weihe
and Adams should develop into one of
if not the strongest team on the coast.
l^adlee' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, t. 6 & 7.
CAME ACROab THE BAY
Two Battalions of the Eighth
California Regiment Have
Left Camp Barrett.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Tract. Sept.
10.— Colonel Henshaw, the staff, head
quarters, band and eight companies left
Camp Barrett this morning at 10:30. As
the time for departure drew nigh the offi
cers gathered about headquarters; the
band drew near; the Hag was alowiy low
ered to the strains of a national .Hymn, >
and the parting companies and Lieuten- :
ant Colonel Cairingtons battalion, which
tarries behind a lew days, bid each other :
goo<l-by. The parting scene -was really
touching, for the men have been a most
harmonious and contented lot of soldiers, i
Three cheers were given for the officers;
and then the two battalions marched to
the tune of "The Girl 1 L«ft Behind Me"
to the train. Before the two battalions
left camp Colonel Henshaw took occasion !
to refute the statement made by a San i
Francisco paper in last evening's Issue.
"It comes at a time when it cannot be i
answered very well." said the colonel. ,
"It is full of deductions that contain not ;
a grain of truth, and is full of lying in
sinuations about our 'pulls, 1 etc. It was
born of jealousy and was written by some
one who has failed In some of his plans. ;
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington Intends
to have the lines of tents left in camp
brought together at once, but the cook
tents will remain where they are. The ,
Red Cross and Catholic Truth Societies
will continue their good work with the
remaining companies; and the big Chris- |
tlan Commission tent is also left stand- ,
ing The officers, however, have no mess ■
tent now. and will probably eat with
their companies.
Corporal Harris, who was removed to I
the County Infirmary yesterday, suffering
from typhoid, is reported dying.
The organization of the band was a
big undertaking, and was successfully
accomplished by Lieutenant Colonel Car
rington but the latter is now in a dllem
ma as to how he is going to pay for the
instruments purchased. Many towns
Dromlsed to contribute, and Cntoo sent
ii r)lr )l Santa Rosa $60, San Jose $100. Grass
Valley $100. San Rafael $50 four little
Colusa girls $5 .7). In all the promotor
Of the band received $356 50. leaving a bal
ance duo to Sherman. Clay & Co. and
other firms of $244. Lieutenant Colonel
Carrington O. X.'d the bills and will now
probably have to "pungle up,' as he
puts it.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^^^
J ■ #THE OWL DRUG CO. A :
♦ 1128 MARKET ST. /^®^ . j
" S-A.IST FRANCISCO. +.
: CUT RATE DRUGGJSTS. J
X The Owl An Ebony Hair- ;L et QuP Every ♦
X Gives What AnK rand-!r and- ! competitors ° n | owl J
4 It Advertises : pJKKft, Howl. Leads. 4
♦ G ° OdSfOr ..........50= In our pRESCRIpTION DEPAPT- 4
"*" WE GUARANTEE MENT we fill «ye times the number 4
"♦":■ Nfl n/PF NO DAY of prescriptions any of the so-called
4 " U , UUffL. nU rflT. ;" pharmacies do and we don't pay the +
a. n_l 1 tl " 1 mll i j/» 5 tihvsicians a farthine commission. *•
4- Carter's Dyspepsia Tablet* 400 and prices are 25 to SO per cent lower ♦
"♦" 850 a Bottle. than others. We elve the commis- J
"♦" „ . , - '„ „ sions to our patrons.
a Paine s C-lery Compound 60c '■ -•' -■ . ._. '4
Cuticura Toilet soap... .....isc Catalogue Free for the Asking. .
4 Hires' Root Beer 15c .
a Carter's Pills 15c WE PFL.IVKR FREE to points on rail- ■*•
\ Beecham.'s Pills 15c roa within 100 miles on flve-dollar or- a,
4 Castoria 25c ders Money with order.
♦ Pond ? F F^tr ct ■'■•"■'iic NO STALE INFANT FOODS at the ♦
+ Kona s fcxtract..-. dsc q^.j our goods move. -f
+ PACIFIC COAST AGENTS Mellin'sFood Pso.*>
4 DR. EDiso.vs OBESITY GOODS. halted Milk. |^'--.v:.":::::::::::. v:."::::::::::: loc 4
4 PILLS, SALTS AND BANDS. Malted Milk. $4 size... * 3 i < ,t° +
. ' Nestles Food 4Oc 4,
•T" Write for Circulars. Eagle Milk l»c
♦ Regardless of War Tax +"
X WE STILL SELL ' j&. - "f
♦ tsMsk Paine's Celery Compoand ■ • • 69c .^^^^ >
4 >§Hy Thompson's Dandelion and Celery Tonic -,60c 'flipf -f
X v*^ Cnticura Toilet Soap - ■ - - 15c ♦
44444444444444444 44444444 444444444+
Tailor-
Made
Suits.
Our success in this depart-
ment confirms our ideas of
Excellent Workmanship,
Superb Style and Fit,
Superior Materials,
At very moderate prices.
Black
Dress
Skirts.
100 Styles.
Latest Designs.
Most Perfect Fitting.
THE BLACK GOODS
HOUSE,
1106 MARKET STREET.
BATXROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
'&{£■', RAILWAY COMPANY. 'PW
; Tlburon Ferry. Foot of .Market St.
' SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN . RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:»O. T-00. 11.00 a. m. IMS,
1:10, 5:10, 1:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trln
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:20 p. m.
6L'NDAYB-S:00. »:80, U.OO a. m.; 1:80. I:1X
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEt TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. U:«S,
>:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10V *M. 11:10 a, m.{ I:4*, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
same schedule as abov*.
» L*ave • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29, ■ — __.
I Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- I Week
; Days. 1 days. Destination. days. | Days.
! 7:3oam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40am| S:4oam
3:3opm 9:303 m Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Fulton. :
T:»ira Windsor, 10:»am
Bealdsburg,
Lytton.
' Geyservllle,
t:Soptn f :00am Cloverdale. T:3S B:23pm
7:80 ami I Hopland and I 110:25 am
8:30 pm l 8.-00am| Uklah. | 7:35 pm( 6:23 pm
7:3oam 1 T~ 10:25 am
8:40 am GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm I
I:3opm- . I [ 6:22pm
7:30 8:00 am Bonoma 110:40 am B:4oam
and I
6:loptn s:Oopm Glen Ellen. |«:10pm 6:22 pm
I 7:3Oam| 8:0«aml Bebastopol. 110:40 am|10:25 am
! 2:3opm| S:oopmj _ I 7:3s pmf 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at O«y-
•ervill« for Skaggs Springs;, at Cloverdale for
the Geysers ; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
gprlngs. Soda .Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Pprincs, Saratoga
f 6prlng3, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Vallay. John Day's. Rivar-
cide. Llerley*s. Bucknelfs. Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullvllle. Eoonevllle. Orr*s Hot Springs. Men-
doclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■ ■ :
Ticket Offices. (60 Market st.. Chronicle bld«
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry. r r - * ■-..?■'■ \
: FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY '
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, •9:CO. 11:00 a. m. ; »l-45
! 3:45. 5:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m. "
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays i
ednwidays and Saturdays at 11:30 p m -■ •
SUNDAYS— •10:00". »ll:30 a. m •IK,
; 3:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m. 'i
T- Trains markPd • mn to Son Quentln . «:i.-1*
' FT t£?™ Al ? I \4 FARL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2.'. »6:35. 7:45. »9-30 a. m •
, •12:20. 2:20. »3:45. 5:05 p. m. ' I
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays '
nnd Saturdcy at (1:40 p. m . .
LSPa?%3S: 0:0 °- * 11:55 " m - : ' 1:15
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:43. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.; 12:35'
! 2:45 3:50, 5:20 p. m. - -
EXTRA TRirS on Mondays. .Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■
! SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadertj and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m Saturdays— Mills and way
stations. '• - ' .-.:■■■■, ' ■
8: a. M... Sundays — Duncan Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
I: VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. "
From June 1. IS9B, 'rains will run as follows:
:' South-bound. . ■ . North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd '-_.: Stations. Exe'ptd| Dally.
7:2oam 9:ooam • Stockton 3:45 pm; s:4opm i
9:loam 12:50pm Merced 12:50 pm| 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm j
11:35 am 6:45pm Hnnford 7:45 am | l:£spm :
2:45 pm 11:50pm Bakersfleld 2:3oam 10:15 am i
12:06 7:60 pm| .Vlsalla ; 6:40am|12:55pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connection? — At Stockton with steamboats of |
California Navigation I and ■ Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
• p. m. . dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
, Cisco: fc at .-,: Merced * with x stages >. to ' and .: from
Snelllngs, : Coultervllle, Yosemite. etc. also
1 with stage from P Hornitos.'?Marlposa. \ etc.; vat
Lankerßbtm with stage to and from Madera. i
| BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NOI'TIIKKN 1»A«:IFIC COHFAIT.
(PACIFIC snrrKM.)
Trnloi lenfc nntl itre <ln« l«» nrrl al
WAN riUNCINCO.
i (Main Line, Foot of Market 3trecl)
t.BAV« — Fnoj* Jdlt 10. 1898. — a**tvw
•6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *St4s*
7:OOa Brnlcla. Bui»un and Sacramento.... 10i43a
7:«>Oa MaryaviP..-. Orotllleaud Bedding Ti»
WoodUnd ot49r
7:O«A Klinira, VacaTille and Bum3ey Bi4sp
7i30& Martiaex, San Hamon.ValleJo, Napa,
■■■'. UalUtoga and Santa Rosa 6il9p
S:OOa Atlantic Kxprees, Ogfleii and Kast.. Bi4or
HiilOx Sau Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacraniento, MaryiiTille,
Chico, Tehama and Re/I itlulT.... 4tl9p
fItSOA Fetors, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7tll)p
•8«8»a Milton *tils»
»i«M»A New Orloans Kxpres*. Merced. Fres-
■■■} no, BakenlieUl, .Santa Uarbara,
l.o« Angeles. Deminf, El I'aao,
New Orleans and East 6i4V
IO:OOa VaUejo, Martinez and Way SUtion* 7>45p
*l:OOp Sacrameuto Itiver Steamers *V>OOp
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... Joil3a
2:00p Livcrmoro, Mendota, Uanlord and
C: Visalia 4jlßf
LiTermore, Ban Jose, Nlles and Way
Stations tlOilß*
4tOOr Martinez, Bau Ilamon, VaUejo.
Napa, Calistnga, 1)1 Verano and
Santa lto«a »i 1 a
4toop Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
KnlghU Landing. Mary»-»Hle. Oro-
Tlllo and Sncramento I*:l3a
4iBOp Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:llie
4:B0p Stockton and Lodi I»il3f
*ia«p Lathrop, Modesto, Meroed, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and lam
Aiißeles 7 /41a
ftSOr Martinez, Meroed (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno l»ilS»
I'HOf Santa F« i;.,u'e. Atlantlo Express
for Moja»o and Kaat •:43p
OiOOr European Mail, Ogden and I'.ast.. 0i4.1a
•8:001- Vullejo l«:iap
OHMip ll»yn-ur.K Nil. ■« and San Jose 7i4Sa
17:« Op Vallejo. Port Costa and Way 8t»-
tions t»:43f
8:O0p OreKOit Kxprpfis,Hacrani3nto. Marys-
Tille. lte.MinK. ['ort.anil. I'ugel
. H«'-.:,\ ami Kant «il»»
SA> UUAUKU A.M» lUVWAKI>S LOCAL.
: (Foot of Market Street.)
Ht>lro)ip, Srminarjr Park, f 7il3a
l\%nt ritclibnrjr, Klmliurnt, *T2 r l2*'
IOOOA 8«« Lean.lro.Sonlh Sm J?'i2*
i\°UO%l I.;«n.Iro, 8.t.4111*, - {l\l&
H*:«>OH Lorenio, herrj ■ iit43 P
<3:OOp r, —anil ' t*:4nr *
' 5:O«p ; , Haywarda. (9>4Sr
7iOUp i Rnns tbrougb t<: Nlles). " - 7t43p
J t Prom Nile*.
CUASI IllVtslON (Narrow (ikuge).
___^ (Foot of Market Street.)
t?t49A Santa Cruz Exrumion, Santa Crna
and Principal Way Stations • JoiO3»
. SilSa Newark. CenterTille. San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and W*»
Stations Btaer
•Stlßr Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Banta Cruz and Principal War
Stations >:(!•*
4ilSp San Jose, wood & Way Station* 9:20 a
04:13p Boulder Creek and SanU Cruz JO:»Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnm Sll f RUCISOO— Foot of Htrket StrMt (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. tl:00 *2:00 13:00
•1:00 t6:00 *6:00 P.M.
rrom 01C11HS— Foot «f Broadwij.— '6:00 8.-00 ]0:00*.«.
tl2:00 «1:QO t8:00 »3:00 li:08 «8:00p.h.
COAST IMVISION (Broad Oaife). "~"
(Third and Townnend Sts.)
•7:OOa San Jose ai:d Way SUtinns (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) llltr
Z7:3oa Bunday Excursion for San Jose.
Banta Cruz, Pacific Grove ana
Principal Way Stations t»t*3»
•iOOa Man .lose, Tr«s Finos. Smita CrAz,
Pacillc (sro?e, Paso Roble*. S»u
Luis ObisiHi, Giiadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilop
IO:«Aa Bau Jost) and Way SUtlnns •SiOOa
11i»Oa San Jose aud Way Station* *BiS3a
*»:43p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Ban Jose.
Gilroy, Hollister, Sauta Cms,
Salinas, Monterey aud Paeido
Gr0ve.......  ItiMt
•StßOp San Jose and Way Stations »1»iI»«a
•4:13 - San Joseand Principal Way Station* 9:43 a
•S:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6j3Sa
3:30 - San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3i3<lp
6:.l<\r San Jose Way Stations 7:30p
Ml:43i- Ban Jose and Way Stations 7t3Op
♦ ■ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundays «xcepted. t Sundays only. t Saturdays only
| Bnndays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays. .
Santa Feßoute 1
TMJB BEST HAILWAT
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
fevery Day Pullman Palace 61eeplnft Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars)
Run on the Following Tlmci • .-
teave San FranclBco.4:3o p. m.. &M.T.W.T.F.fc
Arrive Denver : 00 p. m.. W.T.F.B.S.M.T. .
Arrive Kansas Clty..T:oo a. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis t:l5 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arriv* Chicago .9:00 P- ni.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior MeaU at Very Rcasoa*
able Rates.
yOll WILL RH COMFQPTABLR
I* You Travel on the Santa P«»
SHI TlCttflSlK— Xl market si 1
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento offioe-231 J Street. ' ,
. _£tn Jose Office— Wost Santa Clara Bk
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCEHIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
- Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 18!i8:
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m..
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p, m.
Round trir frcm Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK A SON, Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco. _
y^t^S^-^^'n n r ''-'' (i is a non-polßonoos
*<jS&mi* mS *SSsZiM remedy for 'jonorrhcea,
>Gj3Hr il'HE^jjj Gl^et. Spermatorrhoea,
AfSfNr ia l to j.lays.W'' Whites, unnatural dis-
JfVGm Gn»r.intc»a *| charges, or cny inflamma-
g**»j| DOl to etricturo. tion, irritation or ulcera-
§ r "^JPr!Tents cou'.ijion. tion of mncoin mem-
Va*^THEEVANS Chemirhßq. Cranes. Xon-astringent.
TffIS£\CINCIN!(ATI.O K3f| Sold b7b 7 l>rn«rjrl«to,
v. s. }. jSB or sent in plain wr Sp p4r,
+jy®£<Vrt!>i>*^^4&fS;s by express, prepaid, for
V^g^^SSWt'^fl $1.00, or 3 l.ottlis, $2.75.
-- ■ Circular s^nt on r*que«t>
W/.T.HESS, .
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNKY-AT LAW,
Tenth ' Fluor." Koom 101s, Ciaua ispr>cket» Uldjt.
■" v■. Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. til Ca.Xurnla ' at., txlopr PowaiX
Ean Francisco. ,-.
sL e^^£E^ll^ Qe J)
MARKET ST. Sl.SaSrRUN DOWN BY A
RIVER STEAMER
Two Students Narrowly
Escape Drowning.
CAPT. FELLOWS' EXPERIENCE
HIS DOG SNIP GETS HIM INTO
A PECK OF TROUBLE.
Admission Day Is Still Peing Ceie
brated on the Front and Ship
ping Is Quiet in Con-
The celebration of Admission day will j
not end on the water front until to-night, j
Little of anything was done In shipping j
circles yesterday, and the ship carpenters |
employed on the Willscott and Blairmore j
took advantage of the occasion to go out i
on strike. Even that incident did not J
raise any excitement, and Captain Dun
levy and a squad of officers from the Har
bor police station had their march to |
Spear street wharf for nothing. The
coasting fleet also took a day off. and not !
a wind-jammer hove in sight until late i
In the afternoon. Then the bark Merom
and ships Centennial and Indiana from the j
canneries and the schooners Sparrow, i
Mary E. Russ, J. G. North and Challen- ;
ger from lumber ports and Hawaii all
showed up off the Golden Gate at once
and made port before sundown.
During the past five years the harbor j
has never been as bare of ships as It ia j
to-day. The total tonnage of vessels on
the way is only 151..507. while in 1535 at this
time it was 340.070 tons. From this it will ;
be seen that the prospects for a big fleet ■
arriving before Christmas are not good.
Included in the tonnage "on the way"'
are the bark George F. Manson and the ]
schooners Actea and Stowell Sherman. ,
The Manson is 130 days out from Sydney,
N. S. \\\, and 40 per cent reinsurance is
being paid on her. The Actea is IP" days
out from New York with a party of
Klondikers, and as they are stranded in
Rio de Janeiro the chances are she will
never come to San Francisco. The Sher
man is 253 days out from Boston, but her
gold hunters deserted her at Montevideo,
and there she is liable to remain. Other
vessels that are making long passages
are the steamer Morning Star, out 35.
days; bark C. D. Bryant, out 32 days, and ,
bark Mauna Ala, 21 days from Honolulu. •
There are at present In port sixteen dis- i
engaged vessels laid up in Mission Bay, I
Oakland Creek and at Sausalito, awaiting
better times. Of these one is a British
bark, one an Italian bark, two American
ships and twelve British ships. One of
these, the Thorniiebank, made the run
from Newcastle, N. S. W.. in 67 days, and
has not as yet discharged an ounce of her
Inward cargo. Captain Mcßrlde says that
If something is not done soon 1. 1 will have
to purchase a couple of goats to keep the
grass from growing over the ship's bul
warks.
A couple of Berkeley students had their
Admission day outing spoiled by the river
steamer Sonoma. They chartered the
naphtha launch Petrel and Becured a man
named Fraser to «tlot them up the San
. Joaquin River. All went wen until the
excursionists were about fifty milea from
Stockton, and then the Sonoma came
around a bend of the river and bore down
on them. Fraser and the two collegians
Jumped for their lives and the Petrel
turned over, but did not sink. The river
steamer Droceeded on her way. and after
getting their boat into the tules the ship
wrecked holiday-makers made their way
to Jersey Landing- and took the steamer
T. C. -Walker for San Francisco. Tester
day they hunted up the owners of the So
noma* they are g-olnjr to bring- the Pe
trol tg the city and repair her. >•;
Captain Fellows of the British ship Wa
terloo will not forget Admission day in a
urry. His dog Snip got him. into a peck
of trouble, and it was only by the appli
cation of some hard cash that the matter
was straightened out. The captain Is a
Jolly good fellow, and is very fond of
dngs. in consequence half a dozen of
the animals find a happy home on th«
g->od ship Waterloo. Snip, however, is
the pride of the kennel. He Is a Chow
dig. procured after a great deal of bar
tering and some tall swearing when Cap
tain Fellows was last in China. Now If
there Is one thing that Snip can do bet
ter than another it is flght. He 1b
ready at a moment's notice for a scrap
with anything that goes on four legs, but
his choice, if he has a choice, is a cat.
Since the Waterloo has been docked at
Lombard street wharf cats have disap
peared from the vicinity of Telegraph
Hill, and yet Snip does not bear any vlsi
ble signs of the conflicts. The hair on
his back Is as thick and as soft and
Filky %s a seal's, and a cat's claws do not
seem to be able to penetrate it. ■■
Well, on Admission day Captain Fel
lowa took Snip out for a walk. He was
nccompanied by Captain Mcßride of the
: liebank and one or two others, and
thc-y wended their way in the direction
of Market street. Passing- alonp Kearny
Ftreet Snip spied a largre cat and made
for it. The- feline sunnlnsr itself In
front of a millinery store and nea.r to
a show case which had been temporarily
moved into the doorway. When the cat
paw the dog coming it jumped on the
Fhow case and arched Its back. Snip
didn't scare worth a cent, and jumped
on the show case also. As dog grabbed
cat the top of the show case broke and
let the animals down inside. Then for
five minutes there was nothinp to be
seen but flying fur. broken glass and
the dog and cat going round and round
like a whirligig. The owners of the mil
linery store wrunp their : hands . and
begged all and sundry to save their cat.
Captain Fellows called Snip, but Snip was
too busy to pay any attention, and the
crowd that blocked the street yelled with
excitement as first one animal was on
top and then the other.
At the end of the first round the fipht
was over. Snip was triumphant and the
cat was dead. Captain Fellows put- the
crooked end of his walkinp stick in
through the broken show case and pulled
Snip out by the collar. Before he could
>ret away, however, he received an ur
gf-nt reauest to go into the millinery
store. The gallant captain went In. and
was profuse In his apologies. They were
all accepted, but at the same time a de
mand for $12 50 damages was made, and
In spitr- of many protests It had to be
paid. Snip's shore leave is stopped, and
when Captain Fellows goes for a walk
now along the water front his pet Is left
chained up in the cabin.
The ferry steamer Oakland, after hav
ing now boilers put in and being thor
oughly overhauled, was put back on her
old run yeterday. The Newark will
now be laid off for a few days, and when
she has been overhauled the Bay City
will go hito retirement for a week or ten
days. The new steel steamer building at
the Union Works will be ready for .ser
vice "about the first of next month, and
the service between here and Oakland
will then be remodeled. ■ ,;
WANTS HIM IMPRISONED.
W. C. Burnett Accuses Gteorgj
Cooper of Having Misappro
priated Funds.
"W. C. Purnptt, as special administrator
of the eptate of George Howard, filed suit
in the Superior Court yesterday against
Charles Cooper and Elizabeth Cooper, In
which he accuses the defendants of hav
ing misappropriated and converted mon
eys belonging to the estate of which he is
arlminlßtrator to their own use. The plain
tiff asks that the court determine the
amount of money illegally converted and
to adjudge Charles Cooper guilty of fraud
and that he be imprisoned until ouch time
as he repays the moneys he and Elizabeth
Cooper are accused of having misappro
priated.
STEAM DUMMY TO BETIBB.
Electric Cars Will Bun From Central
Avenue to i the Cliff House.
Definite* and poßltive action will be taken
by the directors of -the Market-stroet
Railroad Company at the next meeting by
which the uteam dummy and^lts trailers
over 1 the section of th« Ferries and Cliff
House ' Kailroad : from Central avenue to
the Cliff House •will be removed and the
road rebuilt for an electric service.
SMALL *ACHT REGATTA.
Corinthians Hold Races for the Mos
quito Fleet Oil El Campo
To-Day.
The small-yacht regatta to be sailed to
day, under the management of the re
gatta committee of the Corinthian Club,
is open to all yachts on the bay not ex-
ceeding twenty-four feet on the load
water line. Canoes and Whitehall boats
are not considered yachts, and so cannot
enter the regatta. The course will be
settled by the regatta committee this
morning, and will be pointed out to the
captains of competing yachts, who should
report on board the sloop Aeolus, flagship
of the Corinthians, not later than 11:30
a. m., at Paradise Cove. The yachts will
he divided into two classes, class 1 in
cluding those exceeding eighteen feet,
but not exceeding twenty-four feet on
the water line, and class 2 comprising all
yachts not exceeding eighteen feet on the
water line.
The winning yacht in each class will
receive a cup with a suitable inscription,
and the second yacht a flag. There will
be no time allowances for differences in
racing length, anfl the boats in each class
will be timed from the one-gun starting
signal.
The members of the regatta committee
are J. H. Hopps, P. J. Martenstein and
W. F. Dixey.
R. R. l'Hommedleu, secretary of the
Pacific Interclub Yacht Association, has
compiled and issued the constitution, by
laws and racing rules of the association,
as amended by the committee of revision.
The book has been Issued without cost
to the association. The old book, how
ever, is still useful for the table of time
allowances, and rule for using it, con
tained therein.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
O. J. Woodward, a Fresno banker, is
staying at the Lick.
Dr. E. W. Johnson of New York Is a
late arrival at the Grand.
J. Jeans, a prominent grain man of Win
ters, is a guest at the Russ.
D. R. Cameron, a commission merchant
from Haniord, is at the Lick.
J. L. Deuprey, who Is engaged in the
grain business, is at the Russ.
J. B. Eldridge. a well known mining
man, is registered at the Baldwin.
A. T. Lightner, a well-known attorney
of Bakersfleld, is registered at the Lick.
Dr. J. L. Bond of Ukiah and Dr. ML M.
Shearer of Santa Rosa are staying at the
Grand.
J. H. Landon, a delegate to the Engin
eers' convention from Tucson, Ariz., Is at
the Russ.
Marion Biggs Jr., capitalist and ex-State
Senator from Oroville, is a guest at the
Baldwin.
George F. Thompson of Stockton, Cal.,
a delegate to the Engineers' convention,
is at the Russ.
W. D. Tobey. a prominent lumber mer
chant of Carson, Nev., and daughter are
at the Palace.
Dr. C. McMillen, a prominent practi
tioner of Cleveland, Ohio, and wife are
staying at the Grand.
In the hurry of
travel guests at
the Occidental
overlooked an in
teresting incident
In this busy life.
Major General
Longstreet, who
TWO
OLD COMRADES
MEET.
is visiting this city as United States Com
missioner of Railroads, was about to
leave the corridor and step into his car
riage, when United States District At
torney Henry S. Foote introduced him
self as one who had served In his di
vision at the battle of Chickamauga. The
distinguished visitor was delighted to
meet an old comrade ajid shook him
warmly by the hand. The District At
torney told of an incident that occurred
during the battle, which General Long
street instantly recalled.
In telling of this incident afterward,
Judge Foote said: "I was inspector gen
eral on the staff of General Buckner, and
during the battle had occasion to be In
the vicinity of General Longstreet. who
was commanding the division that was
opposing General Thomas. Longstreet
was seated on his horse, the picture of
health and majesty. He then wore a long
brown beard, and his blue eyes were in
tent on the battle that raged before
him. I told him that a shell had burst a
moment before and "Little* Manning, his
chief or ordnance, had lost an eye by the
explosion, and that immediately after the
injured man took an oilskin bag from his
pocket, containing dried beef, and chipped
off pieces and ate it.- Although it was
twenty-five years or more ago, the gen
eral remembered it, and then said he
thought he recognized me as soon as I
spoke."
H. Z. Osborne, United States Marshal,
Los Angeles, and well known in news
paper circles, is at the Palace.
F. C. Baker, ex-State Printer of Ore
gon, arrived from Portland yesterday, and
Is staying at the Baldwin.
J. B. Gallagher, the well-known horse
man and mining man, Is visiting the city
with his family and is staying at the Russ.
John Anderson, accompanied by his wife
and sister, arrived yesterday to attend the
Engineers' convention and is registered at
the Russ.
Mrs. T. Harrison Garrett. widow of the
well-known railroad magnate and promi
nent in Baltimore society circles, is at the
Palace. She Is accompanied by Miss
! Turnbull and Dr. R. W. Winfleld.
Edward Pollitz, the well-known stock
: broker and member of the San Francisco*
, Stock Exchange, returned from Honolulu
on the Coptic on Friday and expressed
himself well pleased with his visit. «
Superior Judge Stanton L. Carter of
; Fresno Is registered at the Lick. The
well-known jurist is on his way home
, from a recent session of the Grand Lodge
of the Knights of Pythias held in Indian
apolis which he attended as grand repre
sentative from this State.
Colonel John P. Irish, Naval Officer for
; the Port of San Francisco, left last night
for Omaha to attend the Monetary Con
vention. With J. Sterling Morton an* Ed
ward Atkinson he will uphold the gold
standard. Mr. Irish will on the adjourn
. ment of the convention Journey on to Chl
! cago for a short visit.
______^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
You can live without
Schilling's Best— but why
should you? „
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1398.
YOUNG BUCK
DISINHERITED
Thomas Carter's Will
Filed for Probate.
IT CONTAINED A SURPRISE
FAILED TO REMEMBER HIS
OLDEST NEPHEW.
The Man Uho Started a Legal Battle
Finds He Is in Error When
the Document Is Pre
sented.
Toung William G. Black was In error
when he stated that ho believed he was
named as a devisee in the will of his
uncle, the late Thomas Carter, the mil
lionaire car builder of Newark. His name
does not appear in the will of hie de
ceased relative, which disposes of an es
tate valued at over $1,000,000.
Last Thursday Black filed a petition
in the Superior Court for special letters
of administration upon the rich estate.
In the petition he alleged that a brother
of the deceased, Martin Carter, junior
member of the firm of Carter Bros., car
builders, had a will, left by the dece
dent, in his possession, which he refused
to offer for probate. Young Black stated
that the deceased left no lineal heirs, and
that those who were entitled to the prop
erty were two brothers, two sisters, a
niece and a nephew of the deceased, he
being the last named. He alleged that
he was named in the will as one of the
legatees, and in consequence is anxious
that the estate be probated and distrib
uted to the heirs.
Although frequently requested, he says
that his uncle refused to offer the will for
probate and refused to disclose the nature
of the estate and its exact value. This
being the fact, the petitioner believed
that the estate was suffering great dam
age, and asked to be allowed to admlh
ister upon it, that further loss might be
prevented.
The will, regaraing which the petition
er displayed such anxiety, materialized
yesterday, and was offered for probate
by the accused uncle. It was written and
signed by the deceased, and was witness
ed by J. F. Leicester and W. N. Drown
of this city. Martin Carter and John Car
ter, both brothers of the testator, are
not mentioned as devisees In the will. All
bequests are made in one paragraph,
which follows:
"After the payment of all my just
debts and expenses of my last illness and
funeral, I give, devise and bequeath all
of the rest, residue and remainder of
the property and estate, real and per
sonal and of whatever kind and where
soever situated, which shall belong to
me, or to which. I shall be entitled, at
the time of my death. In equal shares,
and share and share alike, to my neph
ews, Thomas Newton Carter, Frank M.
Carter, Leland Carter and Martin Car
ter, the four sons of my brother, Martin
Carter, now residing In Newark, County
of Alameda. State of California; my
niece, Georgie Black, daughter of my de
ceased sister, Margaret Bl£ck, now re
siding at Newark aforesaid, and my
nieces Mary and Margaret, the two eld
est daughters ot my brother John Car
ter, who now reaide at Buffalo, State of
I New York. The two last mentioned were
born Carter, but are married, and at
present their names are not known to
me." The testator then provides for the
settlement of all his accounts, and re
quests that the assets of the estate be
negotiated in such manner that the prop
erty may be divided according to his
Martin Carter, who was accused by
young Black with having withheld the
will, la named as sole executor, to serve
without bonds.
Big crowd* dally tasting our delicious 5-cent
wines. Molina & Kaltenbach. 29 Market St.
FERGUSON IN TROUBLE.
V-
The Well-Known Starter Arouses the
Wrath of Montana Race Tracu.
Followers.
J. & Ferguson, the well-known race
horse starter, is in bad odor with the
people of Montana. It is openly charged
that he has "given the best of the start
to certain horses, and that he escaped
being mobbed a few days ago at Ana
conda was due to the presence of a squad
of police officers.
The trouble and the causes leading up
to it can best be gleaned from the fol
lowing extracts taken from a Montana
! paper:
"There were four horses entered for the
race — I Don't Know, Bill Howard, Omah
Wood and Quicksilver, and the distance
five and a half furlongs. In the pools I
Don't Know was looked upon as a sure
winner and sold at $40, Bill Howard going
at 523, Quicksilver $15 and Omah Wood
about the same. Quite a large number of
tickets were sold; in fact, the race was a
good betting one.
"The horses went to the post promptly
on time and made several breaks to get
away, but each time they were called
back by Ferguson. Finally, after they
had been endeavoring to start for fully
half an hour, the flag dropped with
Quicksilver fully six lengths in a flying
stcrt ahead of Bill Howard. Omah Wood
was two lengths back, and I Don't Know
two more back of the mare. A howl of
indignation at once went up from the
crowd In the grand stand and there
about, and it was evident that -ne delay
at the post was for the purpose of giving
Quicksilver a flying start, a la Maud
Ferguson in stak« races. In a few strides
Quicksilver had increased his lead to sev
eral lengths, it having taken the others
'too long to get under way, and ai the
wire he was a length in advance of Omah
Wood. I DoVt Know was two lengths
bark of Wood.
"Shortly after the horses came In
Starter Ferguson alighted from his rig
and started for the Judges' stand, but
the people were mad and at once jumped
Ferguson to know why he had given tho
animals such a rank start. Ferguson had
littlf to say. and began to get out of
reach by ascending the steps of the
judges' stand. Frank Reed, who owns I
Don't Know, opened on him with a tirade
of abuse that made the air rattle and
Ferguson shake in his boots, and In a
second or two more than a dozen people
had joined Reed in their denunciation of
the starter. It was one occasion on which
Ferguson did not seem to be in "great
form," an expression frequently used by
a San Francisco correspondent in con
nection with him. When near the top of
the steps Ferguson turned about and
told Reed to get off the earth, but Reed
would not do it.
" 'You'll not run any more horses on a
track that I have anything to do with,'
said Ferguson.
" 'I don't know about that,' answered
Reed, in a manner Indicating that he
would like to get hold of the flying starter
for about a minute. 'You can t start
horses, anyway. You can rule me off
here if you want to, but I can run my
horses in other places and get a square
deal, too."
"At this juncture Trainer "Webb walked
up and remarked: 'Here, Ferguson, is
my badge. Take it and keep it. Take It
and rule me off.'
"Webb's face was white with rage, and
so were the faces of a hundred others
around him. He called Ferguson all the
pet names he could think of, and Fergu
son began looking for a higher point of
view. He appeared to be looking for an
elevator.
"Just then two women took a whirl at
Ferguson and roasted him to a brown
turn. One of them called him a dirty,
thieving rascal and a Sheepshead Bay cur,
and added that if she had a gun she would
blow out his brains.
"While the women and men were de
nouncing Ferguson, a uniformed track
policeman grabbed Webb and escorted
him out of the gate, but Webb kept up
his tirade of abuse just the same. In go-
Ing out at the gate he remarked: 'Yes,
a man has to stand and be robbed by a
gang of thieves and then robbed by a
the grounds for daring to protest against
a skin game.'
"The roast on Ferguson has been brew-
Ing for some time. No less than half a
dozen times since the Anaconda races be
gan, people say, he has given horses the
same kind of a start as that of yesterday,
especially his own animal, Maud Fergu
son, and people have noticed it. A few
days ago he started Scotch Rose in the
same manner, but the Rose faded before
reaching the wire and no great howl
was made about it.
"When the Butte contingent was re
turning home on the train that leaves
Anaconda at 8 o'clock last night the work
of Starter Ferguson was discussed, and
one woman, after remaining quiet some
time, smiled and stated that she had won
on Quisksllver, because Just before the
race she had received a tip that the ani
mal would win the race. Asked how she
had received the tip, she said that Fer
guson had sent word to a woman friend
In the grand stand to put her money on
Quicksilver, and the woman had told her
about It.
"This morning a Butte man who has
had considerable to do with race tracks
and likes to play the races said there
were many things In connection with the
races this year that looked bad. For in
stance, a good horse would win a race
easy and come out a day or two later
and be beaten by a lot of dogs, when peo
ple were playing their money on him."
The people of Anaconda claim that Fer
guson has been doing anything but what
was right In the matter of starting the
horses, and if he gets out of Montana
without violence he will be decidedly
lucky.
Rhsumattsm, kidney, liver diseases cared. Dr.
Gordin. Sanitarium, 514 Ptne.nr. Kearny.S.F. C&l.
WILL BLACK THEIR FACES.
Young Ladies to Appear in a Grand
Entertainment in Aid of
Their Church.
The young ladies of St. John's pariah,
formerly Old St. Mary's College, will give
a grand minstrel entertainment for the
benefit of the church building society on
Thursday evening. September 15. at Mis
sion Turn Verein Hall, Eighteenth street,
near Valencia. As the affair Is under the
personal direction of Maurice, Kramer it
is an assured success.
The young lady ends will be assisted by
pome of the best talent in the city, in
cluding Juanlta Coad, Misses Mac Reilly,
Kate Daneri, Messrs. Will Finney, Dave
Finney. J. Cathcart, Master P. McMurray
and little Claire Fex.
The following young ladles will handle
bones and tambos: Bones— Misses Mollie
Skehen. Margie Murphy and Maggie Con
nollv; tambos— Misses Kitty Healey, Liz
zie Skehen and Susie Roy.
Bert Minner, well known in minstrel cir
| cles, will act as interlocutor. The chorus
is composed of the glee clubs of Com
panies B and O, League of the Cross
Cadets.
MRS. ALLISON ARRAIGNED.
The "Wealthy Widow" of Bain's Mat
rimonial Agency in Court.
Mrs. Grace Allison, the "wealthy
widow" of Bain's matrimonial agency,
appeared in Judge Joachlmsen's court
yesterday to answer the charge of grand
larceny, preferred against her by H. C.
Franks, the miner from El Paso. Tex.
The case was continued till Tuesday, and
her bonds were reduced from $3000 to
$1000, or $500 cash. .Bain put up the cash
and phe was released from custody.
Franks obtained two search warrants
yesterday for the recovery of the
presents he had sent Mrs. Allison,
and later Detective Dillon recov
ered them from Hilbert Brothers,
saloon-keepers on Powell street, with
whom they had been deposited Friday by
arrangement. Franks may not prosecute
the case, but the police are urging him to
make an example of the woman.
The postal authorities will in all proba
bility proceed against her for fraudu
lently using the mails if the grand lar
ceny charge falls through.
Guilty of Libel.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the
judgment and sentence of the Superior
Court of Santa Clara County In the case
of W. W. Miller of the Illustrated World,
who was convicted of libel. The libel con
sisted of published reflections upon the
honor and Judicial integrity of Superior
Judge John Reynolds and Attorney
Charleß D. "Wright of that county. The
position of the defendant, that It was not
proved that he was the editor and pro
prietor of the sheet and responsible for
what appeared in its columns, had no ef
fect upon the higher tribunal, and he will
have to serve out the sentence of 150
days In the County Jail.
The Pace Was Too Swift.
Miss Alice Tolly, an old lady living at
620 Vallejo street, took a ride on the
"Rocky Road to Dublin" at the Irish
fair yesterday afternoon, but the pace
was too swift for her and she fell oft,
sustaining a nasty cut on the forehead.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospitf.l
where Dr. Bunnell stitched and dressed
the wound.
Maria Kip Orphanage Beception.
Instead of their annual lunch the Maria
Kip Orphanage ladles will give a recep
tion to thplr friends on Saturday, Septem
ber 17. between 2 and 5 p. m., at the or
phanage. 520 Lake Btreet. The children
have a programme arranged. Light re
freshments will be served.
YUKON HAS NO
DEEP OUTLET
Word Received From
the Survey Party.
A CONTINUOUS BAR EXIST?
DREDGING BEQT7IBED TO AC
MIT OCEAN VESSELS.
Captain Pratt Will Return to This
Port a Vain Search,
for a Deep Chan
nel.
The latest advices received in this city
from the Government survey party at the
mouth of the Yukon are to the effect that
failure has attended the effort to discover
an entrance for deep sea vessels. It is
now believed that no such entrance ex
ists and that before the Yukon can be
made naviguble for ocean craft, consider
able dredging will have to be done on the
bar which cuts Bering Sea off from the
deep waters of the river.
This news will prove a great disappoint
ment to all persons interested in the de
velopment of Alaska. For a long time
past there has been a widespread belief
that a so-called "true mouth" existed,
through which large steamships could en
ter the Yukon. Once in the stream it
would be an easy matter for them to
ascend nearly SOO miles, regardless of the
fluctuating stages of the river, which
maintains an average width of ten miles
to the lower ramparts and a depth vary
ing from 40 to 150 feet. By using this
water highway up to the Tanana and
Nulato, supplies could be placed in the
heart of Alaska almost as cheaply as
though shipped to St. Michaels. Such
facilities would mean an enormous devel
opment of mining industries, inasmuch as
many claims which are now unprofitable
on account of the high prices charged for
supplies could be worked to good account.
Moreover, plentiful supplies In Central
Alaska would mean an enormous increase
In the amount of prospecting done. Ex
perience has shown that river steamboats
on the Yukon are expensive and unreli
able.
It was with a thorough understanding
of these facts that the United States
coast and geodetic survey office outfitted
a party last spring to go to the mouth of
the Yukon and make a careful survey
and ascertain whether or not the rumored
deep sea entrance was a reality or a
myth. Captain Pratt had the work in
charge, and since beginning nearly the
entire area has been covered but without
result. A uniform bar appears to exist
crossing all of the various outlets, with
about six feet of water on it at high
tide. This bar is of soft muck and varies
from a quarter to a half mile in width.
It is apparent that the bar originated
through the long continued deposit of
river sediments. In fact, it has been
found that the sea itself has been partly
fillfid up by the sediment for some dis
tance out from the bar. The deepest
water exists toward the southern outlets.
PROBABLY A SUICIDE.
Con O'Neill Cut His Throat and
Jumped Off the End of a i
Wharf.
Boatmen D. Fitzgerald and H. Peterson
while enjoying a row on the bay at 6:45
o'clock yesterday morning found the body
of a man with the throat cut floating near
the end of Powell Ptreet wharf.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
the Injuries were examined by Autopsy
Surgeon Gallagher. There were found a
gash three Inches long In the front of the
neck, severing th windpipe, and a cut
across the left wrist. Drowning was the
cause of death. The man had not been in
the water more than a few hours. The
only thing found about his person that
could serve to identify him was an em
ployes' time card of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, form 11, No. 4557, good
for passage between San Francisco and
Sixteenth street station and West Oak
land. -Tne name on the card was, "Con
O'Niel."
Deputy Coroner McCormlck Inquired at
railroad headquarters respecting the iden
tity of Con O Niel and received informa
tion to the effect that a man of that name
was a section hand on the Oakland mole
in-M. Nelson's crew. The indications are
that O'Niel committed suicide by first cut
ting his throat and then jumping oft a
wharf. "
Children's Protectors.
The board of directors of the Califor
nia Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children held its regular monthly
meeting on Thursday afternoon. The re
port of the secretary for the month of
August showed that 76 complaints were
received and Investigated. In which 150
children were involved. There were 7
prosecutions and 4 convictions during the
month, and 125 children were relieved.
Of these 34 were placed in institutions, 31
in families, and 15 returned to parents
or guardians. The cash receipts for the
month were $1331 12, of which amount
$1266 12 was a bequest from the estate of
the late J. V. de Laveaga, who was a life
member of the society.
Lincoln Belief Corps.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3, auxiliary to \
Lincoln Poat, Grand Army of the Repub
lic, held an open meeting last Thursday,
complimentary to Mrs. ; Cappage and her
daughter, Mrs. Stevens,, who Wul soon
leave for a tour of Europe. This corps
is arranging for an entertainment to be
given at the pavilion which will surpass
anything heretofore given under Its
auspices. _
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission,
Bed Cross Carnival.
The Madrid Benevolent Association pro
poses to hold a carnival at Mechanics'
Favlnon on the evening of November 5
for the benefit of the local Red Cross
Society, and has asked the Supervisors
to remit the payment of $25 license, as
the proceeds are to go to the relief of
the sick soldiers.
Granted a Divorce.
Annie A. Ackerman was granted a di
vorce from Charles B. Ackerman yester
day on the ground of willful desertion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® *© j) ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
(?) ®
ICITYOFI CITY0F 111 PARIS !
; DRY GOODS COMPANY.
! FALL OPENING? NEW SILKS !
® ®
| Monday, September 12.
1 RICH NOVELTY STRIPES AND PLAID SILKS.
® ®
® 50 pieces FRENCH POPLINS, all the latest shades, $1.50 yard ®
® 100 pieces WIDE IMPORTED DRESS TAFFETAS, |
® exceptionally good values, immense variety of shades, $1,00 yard ®
® 500 pieces PLAIN AND CHANGEABLE LINING |
® TAFFETAS, At 75 and 85c per yard ®
® ®
I BLACK SILKS AND SATINS I •
® COMPRISING:
® BAYADERE TAFFETAS, STRIPED MOIRE SATINS, BROCADES,
® POPLINS, DUCHESSE AND FANCY WEAVES. ®
® ®
® ' ®
® COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. ®
® __ ®
j CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
I ® S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
j® UNION SQUARE.
: ® ®
®® ® ® ©@®®®®®®®©©@@@@@@©©©©@©©g©©©@©©©
CLOSE ONEEYEANBTHENTHiOTHER
i IF Y°UCANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
WIDFAnCALIANDSEEUS. V*
OPTICIANS 7 photo H supplieV
\ u Scientific INSTRUMtNTS* , .
642 MARKET ST. "15* '
VMDtuCHROniCLt BUILDING,**,
STANDARD MIXED
PAI NT!
AT MANUFACTURERS 1 PRICE.
fE*c Gallon
O Gallon
'. Reduced ' from $1 25 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free. .-.-
- -.- Money Back. If, You Do Not Like It.': ■
bljsweliTpaint co.,
33 Market St., S.F.
ISO PAIN! NO PAIN!
.^jjjj^' " L«w»st Prieas in the City!
I^J^^^^V GUARANTEED. V. '
W&S. ' % TEETH WITHOUT
3Mj L^&^Si" PLATES A SPECIALTY.
■ISfiP «§j^ V?» Full Set of' Teeth, ex-
• Tlj 2 - 1 ■ trading fr<-e. 8> 1.50 up
, . \"^ ' jBRcBJI Goll Crowns, 22k
'''■Met a^^^^^K^. Fllllns;s .....250 up
'JiN^gSL. ELECTRO-DENTAL
Bulte 7, Flood Building.
809 MARKET ST. •
Office Hra.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun., 9 to 2 p.m.
§Ti»it DR. JORDAN'S **•»*
dflHl Museum of Anatomy
I Stil 1 IC6I U ASSET SI. •'- 6 th ft 7th, B - 7. CaL
S B*9 The L»rgt«iofltskindln UieTToriA.
fir^wll DR. JORDAN— rivate Diseases.
CoDßulta-.100 rr«. Write for P.ook '.
v\ I Philosophy of Marriage.
________^__ MAILED Fill.
?S^SSii£'' "NO QUACKS." j
•W»<aWCtKstS f TV^ ■*■ Electric Belt
*^V^!C£s£^2*JVifc will cure WITHOUT
Baf j^^'^'Vtf^^Sl MKDICIN'E. Buy no
B^^l' JC\^r^ Yaffil belt till you see "Dr.
fijlfe " N0 QUACKS."
Bj*^ A good Electric Belt
tvMfc will cure WITHOUT
MEDICINE. Buy no
2f|-^ Pierces ." Book free.
Call or address,
• Is^ PIERCE rELECTRICr ELECTRlC
M CO., > 620 MARKET
afirj STREET, opp. Palace Hotel,
Mention \v«». San Francisco. ■■■.-■• ...
this paper. • .._.., ..... . .' - 1 .^.-".
Next time you make a voyage take a
Ripans Tabule after dinner for three or
four days before sailing, and continue the
practice on board ship till you get your sea
legs on. The chances are you'll not be
seasick at all, and if you are, the attack will
<j\ot last over the third day.
AUCTION
OF REAL ESTATE
Probate, Referee, Exeentor, Partition
Sale, Administratrix and
Miscellaneous Sale
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12th, 1898
At 12 o'clock M.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY STREET
The following properties
REFEREE SALE.
Dunn Efttnte.
The four following properties, by order of Oustave H.
U mbsen, Bole referee of tne Dtinn estate:
Firgt-N'o. 140 Minna street. N. \V. line, 396 fe«t N. E.
of Third street, thence N. E 25x30 feet : rents <53.
Second— S. W. comer of Pasre and Octaria streets;
4CnS7:6; 2 2-story and basement window house, of
8 rooms and bath each; bricK foundation ; rents $58.
Third— lmproTfments and lot. 59:6x60 feet sitnata
I». E. comer of Minna and New Montgomery streets;
fronting 80 feet on New M. ntgomery street ; rents 1100.
Fonrth— Lot situate S W . corner of Sanchei and
Duncan streets; west 80x114 feet.
J. S. HOttIDAT ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.'
8. IS. corner of Haight and Steiner streets; S-ctory
building: store and concrete basement and 2 upper
floors »nd two 2-etory and basement bay-window houses ;
rents (120 per montn ; a good business corner; 56:3i"2.
' . " PARTITION SALE.
No. 521 Birch avenue, between Octaria and Larun*
streets ; 2 flats and lot 25x60 feet.
ELLEN McPOKTLAND ESTATE.
By order of the Administratrix. . ' ' ■■ ; '■■
No. 147 Collins street, near Geary street; 3-»torj
house of 6 rooms and lot, 25x120.
ELEGANT MANSION.
Northeast comer of McAllister and Scott streets;
olerant modern residence of 13 rooms, bath, laundry,
brick foundation, etc.; fine views; 30x100.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT,
Nos. 355-7 Fell street, between Gough and Oct.vria
streets; 2 flats and cottage; renta 546; 27:6x120; 9'
frontages. _ -. »-.'.-- . « :
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Northeast corner'bf 27th and Guerrero streets; 27x100
with an L'2oxso ; stable on re ar of lot.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT.
Southeast comer of Geary street, or Point Loboa
arenua and Parker avenue ; lot 31x4^x125.
PARTITION SALE.
No. 3353 22d street, between Valencia and Guerrero
streets ; 2-« tory bay-window residence of 6 rooms and
bath ; bridS foundation ; stone walks ; street accepted :
25x114:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 1215 Alabama street, near 24th street cable road;
cottage of 5 rooms ; rents SlO ; 26x100.
CLAY STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 1507-3- Clay street, between Hyde and Larkln
streets ; double - 2-story and basement bay-windew
bouse of S rooms and bath brick foundation, etc ;
aouM be converted into 6 flats at small outlay ; 37:6x71.
<3OCTHSIDE INVEST3IENT.
No. 3 Zoe place, off Folsom street, between Heale and
Fremont streets ; 2 tenements of 5 and 4 rooms ; renta
♦22; 13x50.
Farther particulars, catalogues, etc., cheerfully giren
at our office.
G. H. TJMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE' DAJIIAN A BITTERS. THE
Kreat Mexican remedy; gives health and
Btrenpth to the sexual organs.
1112
6AN TRr CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFIi., >l the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nUht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
$s7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
J2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2.-.2G Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streetc; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block 223 Sutter st., between Kearny and
Grant aye— Christian Science Bible lessons,
11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. subject, morning,
-Matter." Evening: "Sinfulness Is Captiv-
ity " Sunday-sch-nl for children, 11 a. m.
Testimonial meeting Wednesday evening at
g o'clock. All are welcome.
PLYMOUTH Congregational church. Post st.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7 4.', p m Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Rev.
X H. Cherlngton, D.l>., pastor, will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject,
"Hallowed Be Thy Name, " the seoond In
series on "The Lord's Prayer." Evening sub-
ject, "Christian Duty of Minding One's Own
Business." Thi> public ronlially invltod.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
pastor Bet vie— at U a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Topic, evenly. "A vVonderful Inventory' »f
rtleFsings Received." Music, morning, an-
them. "I Will Magnify Thee," Mosenthal
(Klein); offertory. "The Lord Is My Light"
(Marsh); soprano solo. Mrs. Priest-Fine.
Music evening. "Jubilate Deo" (Gerrlsh); of-
fertory. "Hark. Hark My Soul," C. B. Haw-
ley, yuaxtet unaccompanied. All are cor-
dially made welcome.
6IMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev John Stephens, pastor. Residence. 309
Halght st. Hey. W. W. Case. D.D., presid-
ing elder, will preach at 11 a. m. and the
pastor at 7:45 p. m. Topic. "Make the Moat
of Yourself." Sunday school at 12:30 p. m.
C B. Perkins, superintendent; Epworth
League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meet-
ing. Wednesday evening at 7:45 p. m. The
public cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers in attend-
ance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st., bet. Sixth and Seventh — Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Subject
at 11 a. m., "The Surprises of Eternity"; at
7:4.'» p. m.. "Music a Factor In the World's
Elevation." Sunday school, 1 p. m. ; Mr. R.
V. Wart, superintendent. Christian Endeavor,
6:l. p > p. m. Seats free. All invited. This Is a
people's churrh. Mid-week prayer service,
Wednesday, 7:45 p. m.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post st.— Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Organized in IS3O by command of God, to pre-
pare the way for the second coming of Jesus
Christ to judge the world. The doctrines are
Xi forth by various speakers from time to
time. All welcome. Strangers In particular.
C. A. Parkin.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Subject:
"First Principle of Divine Science." Services
every Sunday In Yosemite Hall. N. S. Q. W.
building. Maeon st., between Post and Geary.
Take elevator.
tied cm n:^n ip*n
DIVINE services will be held by Rev. M. M.
Ooldln on "The Coming of New Year's Day
and the Day of Atonement," at Mowry's
Opera Hall, corner Grove and Laguna sts as
during the. past years, with the greatest sat-
isfaction. Tickets to be had from Rev. M. M.
Goldln, 656 Hayes St.; also to-day at the above
hall all day. Tickets. $1 and $1 50.
HEBREW Seph-
— k ~— — ardln Congrega-
I ILJ kJ I I I I I vices will be held
In Fraternity Hall at B. B. building, 12l'
Eddy st.. on September 17 18 and 26. Rev.
H. J. Abraham will conduct the services.
Tickets for peats free to all who cannot af-
ford to pay may be secured from Rev. Abra-
ham at the same building every Sunday be-
tween 2 and 4 p. m.
AT the Stranger's Sabbath Home, Howard st.
Methodist Episcopal Church, No. 643, between
Second and Third sts.; two blocks from Claus
Spreckels building down third, two blocks
from Palace Hotel, down New Montgomery.
The Rt. Rev. John Fletcher Hurst, D.D..
LL.D., bishop of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, will preach at 11 a. m. Special mu-
sic: Anthem, "In the Fear of the Lord,"
Mrs. Beckedorf, contralto, sings the solo; so-
prano solo, "The Star of Eternity," sung by
Miss Hermlone Lask. 7:45 p. m , Installation
of Epworth League (Young People's Society)
officers. Address by the pastor. Seats re-
served for Epworth League and visitors from
other Young People's societies. Song service
and special music: Anthem, "Praise the Lord"
(Anthony); contralto solo, "Hills of God," by
Mrs. A. W. Wlnn. Seats free. All always
welcome. Come and see.
(Theosophlcal Society In America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
819 Market st. Lecture to-night, "Glory."
Julius Oetel; Tuesday night, "The Powers of
Mind"; Saturday night, "A Cure for the
Blues."
Tj.-osOPHICAL Society— Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Frater-
nai Hall. Odd Fellow's building. To-night:
"The Web of Destiny," by a . symposium.
Lotu6 Circle .or children at 2:30 p. m. Lodge
meetings every Wednesday at 8 p. m. All
meetings open to the public.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
KRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader and medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
remedies; cancers removed without pain; let-
ters promptly answered; send stamp for re-
ply; sittings, $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society, 909 Market st. ;•
11, free; 2-8, 10c; Katie Heussmann, v Vigers,
Barclay, Gillingham; Wednesday,- 8 p. m. ; 335
McAllister St.; doctor, 261 Arlington st., Tues-
days, Fridays. ' . .
MME. MONTAGUE holds meetings at Occi-
dental Hall, 305 • Larkln St., San Francisco,
Wednesday evening, at 8 o'clock; no further
notice. >.'■',) ■ -
OAKLAND Psychical Society meets In Frater-
nal Hall, Washington St., at 8 p. m. Mme.
Florence Montague will occupy the platform.
GRAND test meeting, 8 p. ' m., Excelsior Hall,
Mission st., ■ bet. . Nineteenth and Twentieth;
10c admission. "."-■' ■ ■ ■
MRS. D. N. COLBY. 1041% Valencia St.—
tlngs dally except Saturday; circles Tuesday
evenings. ■ , "
TEST meeting; 2 and 8 p. m. ; 10c; 335 McAUls-
ter; Stltt, Nlta, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave, others.
TEST circle to-night; everyone gets a test. Le-
ander, medium, 313 Eddy; sittings daily; $1.
TEST meeting, to-night. Mesdames Robinson,
Griffith, Lester. Sixth and Market sts.; free.
C. . V. MILLER'S etherealizing materializing
seance, 8 p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
KATIE HEUSSMANN' B sittings dally. $1; cir-
cle Friday evening, 25c. C>4l Jessie st.
■ MEETING NOTICES. ~
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. &A. M. •
Funeral notice. Officers and members _^V_
are requested to n>>!>emble at Masonic jTjf
Temple on MONDAY, 12th inst., at /^r>
12:30 o'clock, for the purpose of . conducting
the funeral services of our late brother
PETER C. L. THRANE, By order of the
W..M. FREDERICK BARRY, ;•
.- * .'•-.-" Secretary. ..
ALTA Lodge No.. 20r>, I. O. 0.. F. _'^1---"Ur:_
UeR-ular meeting MONDAY, Sep- •£»WRfe.
temher 12, 1898, Business of im- '^l?>66=?
• portance., All members are re- . 'fP "
quested to be present.
..";-, W. W. BECKLEY,
E. CANNON. N. G. . ' . -
DURWARD LELY. Paul's. famous v «T^T
tenor, after a season of unbroken 3L ImSj
triumph in Australia, returns to «iXBr
America and will appear in Sher- % '•SOQI
man; Clay & Co.'s New Music Hall 223
Sutter .street, above Kearny, MONDAY,
TUESDAY and - SATURDAY I EVENINGS
Sept. 26 and 27 and Oct. 1. 189 S. I . Tickets
60 cents, reserved seats 25 cent* extra. ,- Re-
■ ferved seats may be .secured at Sherman
Clay & Co.'s on. and after Friday. : Sept. 23
First concert, Monday evening,. September 26.
And by special request Mr. Lely will render
English, Scotch and Irish ballads and oper-
atic airs. ■
NOTICE— will be a meeting of the
Journeymen Plasterers on MONDAY NIGHT
at 8 o'clock, at Academy Hall, 927 Mission
r st. Allare expected to attend.
' SPECIAL, NOTICES™
ROOMB papered from -J3; whltenedT^lT^up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
■ city •or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5680. ■
" SITUATIONS WANTED—
RELIABLE widow would like position as
housekeeper , or oversee In ■ hotel • or ' lodging
house; best of - references.- MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. • • • •
NEAT,' reliable young German woman desires
•situation as nurse, laundress or any kind of
work In : Institution; best references, MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. * - . .. .
HOTEL and" boarding house" keepers— We have
now on hand a number of first-class wait-
resses and chambermaids awaiting positions
in city and country. C. R. HANSEN A CO..
104 Geary st. -'.'.:.. ■"■.- •. • " -' ■■':.-■
AT the -■' German Employment ? Office, '; MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 > Powell St., i telephone Main
6332, girls of all nationalities desire position*.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
LAUNDRESS situation wanted by one having
3 years' reference from one of our first fam-
ilies; also French second girl wants a situa-
tion. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 318 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE German woman with a child
wishes situation as working housekeeper; city
or country. Box 1732, Call office.
COMPETENT German woman wishes position
as cook In hotel or boarding house. 623 Fol-
som st., near First.
SWEDISH girl wants position as cook. 3278
Clementina St., first flat.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker on ladles' and
children's clothes and tailor-made, wishes a
few more engagements In families; $1 25 day;
references. Apply 1212 Scott Bt., bet. Eddy
and Ellis.
AMERICAN woman, steady and reliable, wishes
situation; Al cook and general worker; long
time last place. Box 934, Call office.
NEAT, capable American woman wishes situa-
tion In private family: good cook; under-
stands the work thoroughly. Box 933, Call.
EXPERIENCED Danish laundress wishes work
by the day. 17 Washington aye., off Mission
St., bet. Ninth and Tenth.
GOOD seamstress wishes situation as chamber-
maid and sewing; city and country; refer-
ences. Apply box 930. Call office.
YOUNG American woman wants a position In
the country n* seamstress, companion or
nurse for invalid : is well qualified; references.
Box 928, Call office.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes situation
to do cooking nnd light washing. Call Mon-
day morning. 1024H Geary st.
YOUNG woman wishes housekeeper's position
In some nice plain family, where she can
have full charge of the home; is steady and
reliable; references. Address box 926, Call.
ONE Danish and one German girl with first-
class references, wish situations as cooks;
wages $30 and $35. 1534 Jackson st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work in coun-
try as housekeeper or cook; good reference.
Box 1208. Call office.
THOROUGHLY experienced child's nurse and
seamstress wishes situation; can take com-
plete charge from birth; suburbs preferred:
references. Call or address 3 days, 1620 Polk.
WANTED— By practical, experienced Eastern
woman, position as working housekeeper in
private family or with invalid; excellent
nurse; seamstress; references. Call 3 days,
610 Van Ness aye.
FIRST-CLASS cook with daughter want posi-
tions together; excellent housekeeper and
manager; both competent to take full charge;
reference; country. Box 1209. Call Office.
RESPECTABLE srlrl wishes situation in pri-
vate family or chambermaid; no postals. 637
Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker would like to work
out or at home by the day. 959 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKER, recently from Chicago, will
sew for $1 a day for short time; must have
work. Box 1211. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook; city
reference. Address W. X.. box 656. Call.
STRONG woman wants work by the day;
washing, cleaning, etc. ; wages $1. Box 1213,
Call office.
DRESSMAKER will take work home or go out;
$1 per day; ladles' and children's plain sew-
ing. 426 Natoma st.
MIDDLE-AGED widow wishes situation as
working housekeeper; best of references;
country preferred. Address E. M., Box 1218,
Call office.
WOMAN wants plain sewing; reasonable rates.
522 Stevenson St.. above Sixth.
WANTED by a girl of 13, place to do house-
work; object good home. Call at 664 Mission
St., In the evening.
WORKING housekeeper desires position In
small family for cooking and housework:
nice cook; wages $12 to $15; best of references,.
Box 1220, Call office.
WORK by the day by a capable woman: wash-
Ing: cleaning windows; terms $1 per day. Ad-
dress MRS. M., box 1222. Call office.
AN experienced lady's nurse wishes confine-
ment cases. $1 per day, or care of an Invalid.
$1!> per month; doctor's references; city or
country. Box 1723, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes any kind of work;
half day in afternoon. Apply 447 Bartlett st.
WANTED— Position by stenographer and type-
writer of experience: references. Address A
M., box 7, Call office. Oakland.
CHICAGO lady talloress: all kinds of work
well done and reasonable. Call or address
108 Fourth st.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go In
family, 75c a day. 274S Harrison St.. near
Twenty-fourth.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing.
Ironing and cleaning. 358 Linden aye.
STRONG young woman would like nursing or
any kind of work by the day; good refer-
ence. ,24 Ivy aye., near Van Ness.
EASTERN dressmaker, first-class cutter and
fitter, goes out by the day; makes a suit
In one day. 22 Oetavla st.
LADY with a child must have employment at
once; housekeeper, chamber work or would
try anything. Address MRS. A. D., 1413 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED, by English lady and son, positions
as . manageress or working housekeeper In
country club or hotel; son capable of assisting
in bar. Address box 1000, Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
a' position to do general housework In small
famliy; good- plain cook; wages $16 to $20.
132 Erie et., bet. ISth and 14th, near Folsom.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position In
country as housekeeper, nursery governess or
any light work: willing, cheerful disposition;
best references. Address b0x. 919, Call.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar In Mis-
sion; 4 living rooms. Apply McLEOD St
HATJE. 615 Market St.
AS housekeeper by elderly American widow;
good cook and laundress; ltkeß children; a
home the chief object. 230 Minna st.
COMPETENT and refined lady wishes poel-
tion as housekeeper In hotel or lodging-
house or any position of trust; references If
required. Address W., box 902, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day, washing or housecleanlng. Call at 2912
Twenty-first st.. In the rear.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants situation as
chambermaid and assist as lady's maid; city
or country; best references. Address box 913,
Call office.
YOUNG lady holding teacher's certificate wants
position as governess or companion to lady;
best references. Box 905, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young German lady;
private family or ranch; good references. Ad-
dress 610 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A situation by an elderly house-
keeper In city or on a ranch. 1663 Fifth et.,
Oakland.
COLORED woman wishing work by the day or
by the month; would like to sleep at home.
Call at Sl9 Sacramento st.
DRESSMAKER wants to take sewing In at
home. 722 Chestnut st.
SWEDISH girl wishes any kind of work by
the day. Address 1331 Fulton st.
WANTED — First-class place as housekeeper;
best of Reference. Address M. HITCHCOCK.
Elmhurst, Cal.
ELEVENTH. 10«— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE]
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. (40 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 421
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 80 Geary: tel. Grant M.
EXPERIENCED, reliable man from north of
Europe would like to travel with rich fam-
ily; active and sober; very best references.
Box 690, Call office.
COACHMAN; competent, steady, careful driv-
er, good horseman and overseer; not afraid
of work; many years with same employer;
best references. Box 1770, Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist, 30 years old; not
afraid of hard work; can run, put up or repair
any kind of machinery; willing to go any-
where. Box 1300 Call office.
PLUMBER, first class, will work for property-
owner or estate by the day or month; best of
references as to integrity and workman-
ship; has all necessary shop tools. Address
Plumber, box 924. Call office.
COOK and wife wish situations; steady and
reliable. Add. 802 Montgomery St., room 15.
SOLICITOR, young man with experience,
wishes position. Address box 1204, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by baker and confection-
er; ' good ornamentor. 127 Arlington st.
WANTED — By young Englishman, position as
second butler. Address H . box 10, Call office,
Oakland. •
JAPANESE who can speak English wants sit-
uation as school boy. K. F . 1329 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS, all round blacksmith, mines a
specialty, wants a situation. Address box
816. Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations on a ranch. ZM
Natomi st.
SOBER middle-aged man wants position In
small hotel or restaurant as dishwasher,
kitchen hand or to make beds; last place five
years. Address A. 8., box 918. Call office.
RELIABLE man wants grub stake to care for
Improved or unimproved place In country:
■handy at Improvements. Box 920. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bread foreman wishes employ-
ment; bess of reference. Apply no Qolden
Gate »r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
BRIGHT Japanese wants position as house-
worker and waiter. 849 Bush st.
COMPETENT pastry cook, married, wishes sit-
uation. Box 922. Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist wants work in
city or country: Is younpr and handy with
any kind of work, as putting up and repair-
ing and plpeflttmg; also woouwuik. Uox
SOI, Call office.
AN experienced hardware and stove man
wishes position as salesman in city or coun-
try store; very best city and Eastern refe-
rences furnished. Address 916 Park street,
Alameda, Cal.
YOUNG man of long experience In grocery
business would like situation in either whole-
sale or retail trade or any kind of work;
first-class references. Address box 90S. Call.
MAN and wife wish situations to do laundry
work and cooking: man will do gardening
and be generally useful; good references.
Box 906, Call office.
YOUNG man wants to do chores about house:
can milk, tend horse, good driver. Box 1800,
Call office.
WINCH ESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $160 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and frotn ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED early Monday morning— Laundress,
private family, J2i; German cook, no wash,
♦30; German or Scandinavian cook, plain
wash, $2S; a number of young girls for cook-
Ing and housework, $20 and Tib; three neat
waitresses, $20 and $6 a week; French and
German nurses, $20 and $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter at.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St., wants
to-day: 5 waitresses, countr- hotels, $20; 3
waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, $20; 6 restaurant waitresses, $6; 2 lunch
and dinner waitresses. $20; hotel cook, $30 to
$35, see party here; 2 fancy lroners, oountry.
$10 a week; 2 fancy Ironers, city, $30; plain
laundress, country hotel, $20.
AN experienced girl for candy store. $6 a week.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN with a child under ten years of age
as housekeeper; widower's family; country:
$15, fare paid. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
men's negligee overshirts at the Standard
Shirt Factory, comer of Gough and Grove sts.
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking, 3
In family; $15. 1707 Buchanan st.
GIRL to go to Tehachapi to do general house-
work; family of 3. 818 Hayes st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework and kitchen; $12. H. MOHNS,
Morton station, Alameda, narrow gauge.
SMALL gtrl to assist light dining-room work;
sleep home. 227 Geary st.
GOOD German girl to assist In housework; S
In family. 317 Scott st.
HOUSEWORK girl In small family: country:
light work: state wages. Address W. D.,
box 1735. Call office.
LADIES to make sample patches at home; $10
per week; no canvassing. Send reply envel-
ope for sample and particulars. Foster Ma-
chine Co., 525 West Twenty-ninth St., New
York.
TEACHERS— 2S wanted now to contract for
next term. Union Teachers' Agencies, Wash-
ington, D. C.
WANTED— Good finisher on pants. 660 Fourth
St., near Brannan.
WANTED— Apprentice to learn millinery. 222
Grove St.
YOUNG German girl wanted; light housework
and care for children; no cooking; wages is
to $10. 226 Third st.
WANTED— An experienced nurse girl to take
care of young child. Call Monday morning,
1814 Gough st.
YOUNG girl to take care of one child; small
wages; good home. 732 Green st
GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various po-
sitions. German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
TRIMMER wanted. New York Millinery, 1208
Market st.
LADY to read aloud In exchange for short-
hand instruction. Box 1219. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt hands. 823 Sutter
St.. from 9 to 12.
LADY for high class vaudeville act; state age
and height. Box 1224, Call office.
WANTED— GirI to mind children, small wages.
45 Eleventh st. ; early.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the only successful school of its
kind nn the coast: we teach the cutting-, mak-
ing, trimming and fitting of stylish hats and
dresses: all are invited to visit our school;
patterns cut to order, 25c up; pupils work for
themselves; positions free. 113 Post st.
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored) ; mutt
be competent and swell dressers. Apply Al-
hambra Theater, between 10 and 11 a. m.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. S3 Battery
St., upstairs.
TWO young ladies to Introduce Egry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont St.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
GOVERNMENT WORK
See superintendent at our office
Concrete finisher $3 a day
6 laborers to mix concrete $2 40 a day
Free fare Fre fare for
10 four-horse teamsters $2 a day
20 two-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
This for new railroad work and free fare
20 laborers, city work, $1 60 a day; teamsters
for the city. $1 75 a day and $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
20 MEN to go to Sonoma County to make 4x6
4-foot redwood posts, tools and provisions ad-
vanced; also woodchoppers
For harvester, cleaner, tender and
derrick f orkers
25 ranch teamsters, $25 and found; hay balers,
IS cents a ton: farm hands; stableman, $25
and found; hostler, livery stable, $25 and
found; tall edger, $30 to $35 and found: quarry
man, who can handle powder, $2 a day;
choreman for an orchard. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS, waiters and dishwashers, different city
and country hotels, boarding-houses and res-
taurants; bell boy, city hotel, $10 and found.
MURRAY & READDY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Harnessmaker for a ranch $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
READ the San Francisco Evening Dally Re-
port for the Employment Agents afternoon
advertisements. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
SECOND cook, $75; meat cook, eating house,
H fare paid, $60; short-order cook, country,
$45 and room; hotel baker, $35; German hotel
cook, country, $40; 2 waiters, $32 50; waiter,
mine, $25; camp waiter, $20; oysterman, $30;
polishes, hotel laundry, $30 and found; dish-
washer, $30; vegetable man, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PORTER and runner, country- hotel, $25; call
between 9 and 10 this (Sunday) morning. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
23 TEAMSTERS and laborers; regular wages;
coast road Free fare.
C. R. HANHEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
25 LABORERS for a large mine and smelter;
no experience required; steady work; wages
$1 60 to $2 50 a day; board 50c a day. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
9 SWAMPERS, $35 and board: 10 laborers for
a sawmill, $26 and board; 3 laborers, near
city. $1 25 a day and board; 2 laborers to flre
a lime kiln, $1 a day and board; 4 teamsters,
city, $1 75 a day: 20 laborers fof a ditch com-
pany, $20 and board ■
6 fruit plckprs, J2O and board
25 two-horse teamsters for railroad work,
free far* — — — free fare
700 laborers and teamsters for British Colum-
bia and Alaska; call at our office and get
particulars. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— Attendant for an Institution for
boys: short distance In country; must be
young man: salary $25 per month and found.
W. D. EWTCR & CO.. «6 Clay st.
WANTED — 10 laborers about mine In Napa
Co., $27 60 per month and board; S men to
bale hay, 14c per ton; 2 ranch teamsters. $26:
sniper and Jackscrewer, $30 and board and
free fare; also farmers, milkers, dishwashers,
$25; vegetable man, $25; dishwasher, country
hotel $20. fare advanced; cooks and pthers.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 636 Clay st.
RESPONSIBLE solicitors wanted for the new
Century Atlas, which completes the Century
Dictionary and Cyclopedia; addresses fur-
nished of several thousand subscribers to
original work. J. N. ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman; experienced In
grocery or crockery lines. Box 1210, Call.
WANTED— Errand boy. 610 Natoma st. :
steady work.
BOY to work In dental office. Apply Monday,
9 a. m., 128« Market st., room 18.
CIVIL service examinations are to be held In
Sun Francisco during October. For particulars
call or address "The Pacific Coast Bureau of
Information." room 17, 309 California st.
Charges, $1 25.
BOY to learn pants making and go on errands
Apply 435 Minna st.
YOUNG man wait table, restaurant. 818 O'Far-
rell st.
WANTED— First-class finisher and polisher
| 1714 Polk it.
UK I,* A\ A XTKD- Continued.
PROMOTER; competent to sell a first-class
patent on liberal commission. Address F. D.
CLARK. Prattsburg, N. V;
MAN with some knowledge of carpentering;
month's work. Address lowest wages, box
1716, Call office. _
WANTED— Experienced boy on Gordon presses.
PATTERSON, 429 Montgomery st^
YOUNG man, 18 or 20, to work on cakes; $15
and found. 913 Buchanan st.
BUSHELMAN wanted; steady work. Call be-
fore noon Sunday, 429 Seventh st., Oakland.
WANTED^ waiters at 135 Fifth st. Call
early.
SHOEMAKER. $30 month and board, for Mon-
day. JOHNSTON & CO., 872 Broadway. Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for our children's de-
partment; must be able to dress windows.
JONAS CLOTHING CO., Oakland.
WANTED— A good railing maker; one that can
do his own blacksmlthing. Address Pacific
Railing and Plating Works, 118 Union St., Se-
attle. Wash.
WANTED— 3 first-class coat makers. LOUIS
DELIA. Seattle. Wash.
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored), must
be competent ami swell dressers. Apply Al-
hambra Theater, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
BARBERS— Special auction Monday. Septem-
ber 19. 2 p. m.. at 1504 Park st.. Alameda, of
a modern barber shop; investigate before
sale this chance of -buying paying shop.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1042 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States , or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting oflfce, 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1104.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, ISBV4 Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard St.
J. J. HEINZ, 630 Market St., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
•LANE'S, 604 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 9f>7 Market st., bolow Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WASTED.
TWO ladles and two gentlemen solicitors.
LONDON CARBON CO., Press Club build-
ing. 123 Ellis st.
AGENTS and dealers for our Incandescent
lamps ami mantels of unexcelled quality at
Eastern prices. EAGLE LAMP MANUFAC-
TURING CO, 212 Stockton st.
STANDARD article: quick seller; large profits.
LEFFLER & RUSSELL, 329 Jessie st., S. F.
BIG commissions paid to agents. Call Mon-
day, M 2 Montgomery st.
ONLY perfect vapor bath: latest patent: great-
est seller. R. M. IRWIN. Nashville. Term.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co.,
IiSM/A Washington st.. Oakland. Cal.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer. 430 S-Tenth. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
rnnnrtlse. 1T.7 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — By teacher of vocal music, use of
room and piano as studio, several hours twice
a week : state terms and particulars. Studio,
Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Church or chapel organ. Box 939,
Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern app»-
ratus. second-hand. 109 Montgomery it.
LOST.
LOST — Diamond locket In Cafe Royal; keep-
eake; very liberal reward; positively no ques-
tions asked. H. SPREEN, 44 Oak st.
LOST— September 6, at Palace Hotel, inclosed
In small white envelope, 1 ring with 2 pearls
mounted with diamonds, 1 with 4 large dia-
monds, 1 with sapphire and diamonds. Lib-
eral reward at 21-23 Battery. B. SWEITZKR.
LOST— A pass-book with The Hlbernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MICHAEL J. OCONNELL. No.
140-206. Finder will please return to bank.
PARTY who took telescope basket from Mis-
sion st. car. Thursday by mistake, please re-
turn same to BROWN & BLEY. 23 Steven-
son st. Reward. •
TWO baskets and rope In vicinity of Stelner
and Turk to Washington and Stelner; reward
at stand. Market and McAllister.
LOST— A large black K. of H. badge: letters
D. D. G. D. Cal. Return to 215 Washington
St., and receive reward.
FOX TERRIER, left eye black and tan spot
over right: reward at 1210 Larkin Bt.
LOST — On Wednesday afternoon, a diamond
weighing about IV4 karate, while going from
Clay and Sansome to Masonic Temple on
Post st. Finder will be liberally rewarded
by returning same to 414 Clay st.
FOX terrier dog; brown spots on either side
of face and license tag No. 1552; liberal re-
ward offered. H. SCHMIDT, 50 California
LOST— Foxhound, September 8; name, Sweeper;
long crooked tall. Return to J. FORD, Tenth
st. and Railroad aye. south; reward.
RED blanket; name Watlham on each side.
Return to 123 Ellis St. ; reward.
LOST— Wednesday, September 7, between Four-
teenth and Sanchez sts., San Francisco, and
Bay station, Alameda. via Castro st. cars to
ferry, thence by 10:05 broad gauge, a lady's
gold watch, valued as a gift, with monogram
'E. N." on one case and a diamond set In
reverse case, attached to short fob to which
was fastened a bucket charm. Reward $5 for
return to room 8. eighth floor. Mills building.
LOST— September 8, check for one hundred and
forty dollars ($140). Return 334 Pine st. and
receive reward. GEO. BERGES.
LOST— Male greyhound, sort of bluish color,
about 12 monthß old, Tuesday, September 6
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
ing to J. DENNIS, SE. cor. Eddy and Fill-
more BtS.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ada taken.
FOUND.
FOUND — A runaway bay horse with sorrm har-
ness on. Apply 2CIB Bryant aye.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns
$3 50 up; gold fillings, $1 up; sliver, 50 eta. up;
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work: no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered. Examination and consultation
free. DRS. PERRY & CHRISTIE, 8 Mason
st., cor. Market. Phone, South 78L
A FULL eet of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years-
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $8 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market, bet. 3d
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, crowning
and bridging by use of electricity: plates, $5
up; filling. 60c up; crowns and bridges, $6 up-
extracting with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors : full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market at., cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission at., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filing a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG, 1841 Polk Bt.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1820 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION!
PROF. H. ROMAINE.
The Oriental Seer.
LATE OF INDIA.
The World's Greatest
• CLAIRVOYANT *—
And Exponent of *~
■ — The Occult Sciences.
FEES $1 AND $2. —
All His Patrons Are Delighted
And Pronounce His Work-
UNAPPROACHABLE.
He tells the full name of every caller.
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
All about your love and domestic affairs.
Causes speedy marriages
Reunites the separated in seven days
Locates burled treasures in five days
Locates mines and valuable ores
Recovers old estates and valuable papers
Removes evil influences, bad habits, etc.
Gives good luck In all your undertakings
GUARANTEES SUCCESS
In any of the above work or Money Refunded.
Being a Master, He Never Falls.
It Is Not How Much Others Claim
But— What— They— Do
Romaine — Never— Disappoints.
THOSE WHO CANNOT CALL
Send stamp for special terms to
■ CONSULT BY LETTER.
All business sacredly confidential.
DO NOT BE DECEIVED BY
Those who strive to
Imitate his work and—
Copy his advertisements.
PERMANENT OFFICES
1206— MARKET— 1206
Suite 104, First Floor.
Cut this notice out and save It for future
reference; it appears to-day only. 1
A AFTER
VISITING
ALL OTHER
MEDIUMS
SEE OMAR,
THE
OCCULT WONDER,
825— EDDY 5T.— 326.
Fee $1 and £.
SOCIAL, BUSINESS AND DOMESTIC LIFE
REVEALED.
E-V-E-R-Y— T-H-I-N-G.
MARVELOUS TESTS.
Full Names of Callers.
Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
ADVICE
TO MAKE YOU SUCCESSFUL.
IN — LOVE. — BUSINESS. — MARRIAGE,
—DIVORCE, — LAW — SUITS. — etc. Cures
— DRUNKENNESS — BAD — HABITS— EVIL
INFLUENCES.
Removes— Domestic Troubles.
Restores— Lost Affection.
Locates Mines— Buried Treasures, etc
OMAR— NEVER- FAILS
To Unite the Separated
and
Cause Speedy and Happy Marriage.
OMAR GUARANTEES SUCCESS
IN ALL ABOVE WORK
OR MAKES NO CHARGE.
CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED.
LETTERS PROMPTLY ANSWERED.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
OR NO FEE ACCEPTED.
Private Residence— Separate Parlors.
All Business Sacredly Confidential.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, reeor-
er* lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. J. SLATER, greatest, most celebrated
and reliable business medium of the age;
patronized by the business men and women
of the world; arrived from a tour of the
East: glad to see her old customers; letters
answered. Office 462 Natoma st., corner 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
car«l reader: born with double veil and second
sight: diagnoses disease; full life reading; la,
50c; gentssl;palm. and clalr. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, truth or no pay, 25 and 60 cents.
324^4 Seventh st.
MME. HANSON, 'palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortune by planets: pre-
dicted In 74 overdue steamers. 23V4 6th, room 3.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 2Sc up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission si, near Sixth.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt.. near Mission.
MRS. B. 11 A IMANN. the weil-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Faxrell. st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
lite reader and medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
remedies; cancers removed without pain; let-
ters promptly answered; send stamp for re-
ply; sittings, $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
BOOKS— Occult, liberal, spiritual and scientific.
1429 Market; office of Philosophical Journal.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
■ittlngs dally. 2124 Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate- writ Ing me-
dium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tuns., Fri.. 2p. m. ; Man. 8; 25c
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly*
f'jfll. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, poatmc*
paid.
HYPNOTISM
S. F. College Therapeutics, 306 Larkin «t.f
open day and eve, for patients and pupils.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. IRENE SMITH teacher and reader in
scientific palmistry; readings dally. SSI
Twelfth st., Oakland.
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS Institute of Art.— Special
life classes have been formed for women,
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday even-
ings. $5 per month or $16 per term;; antl'iue
classes, $6 per month or $10 per t'srm; day
classes, 5 days per week, $10 per month or
$37 60 per term; Saturday class, $12 per term.
For further particulars apply at school build-
ing, corner Mason and Pine sta , to J. n.
MARTIN, Secretary.
A ST. CELIAN choral is bMng formed by M.
Merigan. organist St. Dominic's; 100 voices
wanted every Wednesday evening; entrance
and dues first month, $1; includes thorough
vocal Instruction; sight reading; blackboard
used; private lessons: voice piano organ. Ap-
ply 1 to 5 p. m.. hall 5, 102 O'Farrell st.. or
residence, ISO 2 Webster, mornings, evenings.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Eook-
keeplng, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market at.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low
rates per week and month.
GRADUATE State Normal coaches for exam-
inations; private lessons in all English
branches, Spanish, mathematics; backward
pupils brought up with class in few lessons.
Room 41, 14 McAllister st.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B.. F«l-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 7407 S. Athertori,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; writ j for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, mln-*
Ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day A eve.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILT.gN. 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Leipslc; lessons 75 cents. UP Hyde at.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references-
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Neaa ays.'
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell-
»■ y" experience. Preas Club bldg. U3 Elite.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakesnear*
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PERSONALS.
iENTLEMAN, 30, good references, has 160
acres land and $1200 cash, wishes to marry
healthy, respectable working girl; must know
housekeeping. Box 120.">. Call office.
WEALTHY American widower, 150,000 and
lucrative business, no Incumbrances or kin-
dred, will appreciate gracious, sensible wife.
"SAVOY," 135 East Sixty-fifth St., New York.
A. B. C— Look for me on the night 15th.
X. Y. Z. .
I AM not responsible for any debts contracted
by my wife, VIOLA L. SCHONIG. after date.
MR. P. H. SCHONIG.
DR. A. W. McKENZIE has removed his dent-
al office from 115 Kearny st. to the Phelan
building, rooms 106 and 10S.
MARRY; Nat. Matrimonial Club; private list.
2o; many worth $50,000. Box 1551. Denver, Colo.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; alto
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 700 Fifth. Oakland.
SEND 25c and stamp: physician will answer by
sealed mall any medical questions you ask.
P. O. box 573. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED immediately— A good second-hand
assay balance, at 217 Sacramento Bt.
TWO young ladies can procure good positions
to Introduce Kgry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
PROS.. Agents. 543 Clay st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $1.50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE Lederer'u Qulnonla Hair Tonic exhibit
in his windows this week: Qulnonla Is a re-
markable discovery; nothing like It for the
hair; 35c bottle. O. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
HAIRDRESSING with curls is the thing: reg-
ular price r.oc; my Drlce 45c; halrdressing only
25c. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
} 'WARD— Let us know If you are well. We
expect a letter. MAMMA.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 116 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FTTNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
MASU MIYAKAWA, Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Kirarny Bt. : tel. Green 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISS GILLIGAN, dressmaklnc and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant aye.
CHILDREN'S dresses made and fitted at their
homes. Address D. t 387 Hayes st.
6AN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish drtesea. $5
up: dresses made over. 3 VA6v at., rm. 14-15.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A— MARSHALL & WENDELL, $75; Weber,
$140; Sterling, $185: Curtaz, $190; Hallett St
Davis, $225; fine condition; guaranteed; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & CON, Chlck-
erlng Agents, 16-20 O'Farrell et.
AGENCY Hardman pianos, fine display; a high
grade upright $150; several others in bargain
room: squares $25 and upward: splendid op-
portunities. THE J. DEWING CO., second
floor Flood building.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO.. Bj-ron Mauzy. Newby, Evans.
Brlpgs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
NEW organs rented, $1 per month; new pianos
rented, $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
MUSIC box cheap; the Reglna; same as new.
Address box 1217, Call office.
A MAGNIFICENT~3-peda7 Steinway. nearly
new, $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
GRAND bargain, fine upright cheap for cash;
must sell. Room 33, 506 Jones st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 824 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 EUls st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister st.,
next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ. ___
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER 4 CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
" MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until »:S0
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads t-'-»n.
HORSES.
VERY good business horse, six years old; fclso
open buggy and harness; horae is sound, kind
and not afraid of anything and a very good
roadster; can be seen at MICHELSON'S LIV-
ERY. 615 Ellis et.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
PUBLIC auction sale WEDNESDAY. Septem-
ber 14, at 11 o'clock at Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st. ; personal property, the
property of G. W.. MORSE, one phaeton sold
for repairs and storage.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Sales Yards, 220 Valencia st., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GOOD strong cart; butcher or letter carrier
1109 Silver aye., oft San Bruno road.
LOT of fine family cows; cheap. Inquire 1038
Capitol aye., Ingleslde.
fxlO PORTRAIT lens, good as new, at a bar-
gain. 246 Third St., room 89.
TWO Incubators, Stockton and Petaluma, 120
each: 2 Improved Stockton brooders, 150 each-
»3o outfit. Address box 1206, Call office.
GREAT Dane and St. Bernard pups; prize pedl-
§ree. St. George, 120 Douglass st., between
eventeenth and Eighteenth.
|27 50— PLATFORM spring wagorT Address L
ISAAC, Dimond Post office. Fniltvale.
HANDSOME Angora kittens, choicest breed ln*
PRESIDIO KENNELS. 8313 Clay st Dreealn *-
FOR sale at sacrifice; V, dozen linen embSDld-
ered chemises; a fine black Spanish lace
scarf, one yard by three; also a black crepon
tea gown, cream lace trimmed; all Imported
Address box 915, Call office.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
2, 6 AND 10-stamp quartz . mills cheap- easy
terms. Assay Office, 10 Stevenson st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters. linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sco-
S?. d i han< l- f N 2 ONAN - 1017-1019-1021-10JJ
_JMts«lon st., above Sixth.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting. pulleys. shafthigT^
glnes. boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHST|2O: records. SC p« doien-
proJectOßCOpe. $100. Baclgalupl. 938-552 Market.'
3 -. R ,-,.f 00L - house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787
SAFES— Bargains ln new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original co«t. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
C ? E . APE c ST and best ln America-The Weekly
Call. Sent to .any address ln the United
States, postpaid, for |1 50 a year.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Sln»er and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 4&
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest ratea. SO6 Fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 987 Market st.
BICYCLES.
I WILL, sell 16 new 1897 hlrrh-grade bicycles
(■old ln 1897 for S100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year: first come, first serred. JOSEPH
HOLLE, Twentieth and Foliom ats.
11l SINKS S CHANCES.
A— s7oo— Partner; milk route and boarding sta-
ble; 200 steady customers; 5 good horses, wa-
gons, bnggies. KREDO & CO., 22Vi Geary.
A— s2oo; tailoring and cleaning; 35 $1 50 monthly
customers; clears $250 month; old age cause
of sale. KREDO & CO.. 221* Geary st.
A — Fine saloon, with side entrance, near Bald-
win; receipts $35 dally; cheap rent. KREDO
& CO.
SMALL manufacturing business; good trade es-
tablished 1 ; must be soW at once; owner lear-
Ing the city; $225. THE REYNOLDS CO as
Third st. ; .
RESTAURANT with fine trade in good loca-
tion; ill health only reason; $325. THE REY-
NOLDS CO., 35 Third St.
$500— Candy and ice cream parlor in good coun-
try town, near the city; this Is a fine, new
place and doing a paying business; other busi-
ness cause of Belling. DECKER, 1020 Marker
$1500— PARTY with that amount of money can
secure a good business opportunity in the
wood working line; also house and lot with
income rent of $19 per month, besides twr,
living rooms with workshop free; also n-^.
chinery and tools. Inquire at Call office
WANTED— Lady with $750 for an offW ma n
and express business; established seven yeara
and well advertised; will bear investigation-
big money to the right party. Ad ■••
1225,. Ca1l office.
$800— LIGHT manufacturing; none other on this
coast: 300 to 500 per cent profit; Well eßtnl,-
lished; beautiful goods; a permanent growing
business; sickness reason for selling. Metal
box 1227. Cull.
SAILS in a wpfk; good chance to go to Klon-
dike; 5 shares In King 3 County Mining Co.
of New York; 2 years' provisions; completa
mining outfit. Address box 927. Call«ofnoe.
PARTNER with $400 cash to Join In grocery
business; only those meaning business need
apply; no agents. PHILBRICK, corner
Twenty-second and Shotwell sts.
CA"NDY, Ice cream and stationery store at a
bargain; win reduce stock to suit buyer, no*
Golden Gate aye., one block from school:
must be sold.
WORKING partner wanted with few hundred
dollars; will deed half interest in rich quartz
mine; investigation solicited. HENLEY, 621
Market st.
PARTNER with about $3000 to manufacture a
useful article; patented United States, Cana-
da and Great Britain. Box 1214, Call.
IF you want to buy a good-paying saloon at a
reasonable price call at the Avenue, over
Grotto, City Hall and Park aye.
ESTABLISHED grocery business in best In-
terior city in State for sale; cheap. Address
box 929, Call office.
GOOD paying saloon on San Bruno road; cause
of selling, retiring from business. Inquire
1796 San Bruno road.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale on account
of sickness. 118 Second St., NW. cor. Minna.
HOTEL Geneva, Sausallto, for sale; lease and
furniture of TO rooms. Apply on premises.
2-CHAIR barber shop; established 5 years;
flourishing town; $100; terms. Box 1221, Call.
PARTNER to open wine and liquor business;
small capital. 820 Valencia, before 10 a. m.
PARTNER to attend office: established busi-
ness; big profits; $250. Box 1201. Call office.
SCHOONER of 100 tons for saie. For particu-
lars address box 1202, Call office.
VERY large elegant trunk cost $45; sell for $20.
Baldwin Clothing House; 3 trays.
BARBER wanted to buy good shop In coun-
try: 2 chairs, 2 baths; $100; this Is a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
BTOCK and fixtures; fancy goods, picture
frames, etc. : present owner In business 3 yrs. ;
rent $10; water free; living rooms; price $200.
JOHNSTON & CO.. 872 Broadway. Oakland.
BUSINESS man with a capital of $2000 desires
an interest In some manufacturing enterprise.
Address box 917, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in a first-class bakery to
enlarge business. Box 92.1, Call office.
GOOD bakery; only store trade; cash business;
good location ; fine chance for baker. 540 Clay.
$1400 — 26-room hotel; 2-story, hard-finished and
furnished; new windmill and tank; lot 75x150
goes with building. Call at 256 Third st.
PAYING butcher shop; established for years;
best business street in town; sacrificed ac-
count ill health. Inquire Call office, Oakland.
$1060— COR. grocery & bar in Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery. 868 Foliom.
FOR SALE— The plant, assets and good will of
the Francis- Valentine Company, printers; full
inspection of plant and assets on premises;
plant in full operatioln; sealed bids to be sent
to A. HEYNEMANN. 310 Pine St.. on or be-
fore September 15, 1693.
$2000— PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman,
to Invest an equal amount with present owner
In a town site; 45 minutes to Oakland, 1 hour
to San Francisco: sure to double the amount
invested within 3 months; nothing to equal
It around the bay; thorough Investigation al-
lowed. Address at once Confidence, 1161
Washington st., Oakland.
%i(lO— NICE fruit store for sale, on account of
low rent. 130 Eighth st.
MKERT and business at a sacrifice; In large
t&wn near 'this city; fine trade; 2 wagons. 4
horses, fixtures of store, etc.; low rent; lease;
will sell for $560. Apply 410 Montgomery st..
room 2.
LOOK — Second-hand baker's portable oven;
one-third cost. 3746 Army st.
$4000— A RARE opportunity of obtaining an ee-
tatollshed, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners hay»
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PERWAU
BROS.. 543. C1ay St., San Francisco.
WANT partner with small capital for legiti-
mate proposition; • will net $2500 In two
months. Call, 2 to 5, at 1265 Franklin St..
Oakland.,
JOB Printers— About $1500 will put you Into
good business. X.. box 8, Call office, Oakld.
BUTCHER shop: on account of ill health; good
trade. 391 Sixth st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.' HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Call route at San .Tos»v For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. GA SWELL & CO.'B. 415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mall Ing.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22% GEARY ST.
11 rooms; fine residence; Geary st. ; all
new: clears $60 monthly; must sell $600
14 rooms: bay-window corner: central and
desirable: clears $100 month 850
22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture;
$300 cash: balance time 600
60 rooms; best on Geary st. ; clears W-*-
nothing better ever offered 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
26-ROOM house; easy payments $ 500
8-room flat ; very good ■ • 600
60 other houses; 4 to 300 rooms.. ..$lOO to 6000
18-room house; clears $100 550
12-room house; clears $75 450
23-room corner; worth $2000 1100
30 rooms on Kearny st. : clears $2do J5OO
60-room house: new: clears $400 3000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
BARGAIN LIST
19 rooms: corner; off**- wanted $4"0
20 rooms: cheapest rent in city 400
24 rooms; corner, near Mo' Vet st SflO «
33 rooms; brand new; central 1500 W
90 rooms;srent $125; see It 2000
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
A— 74 ROOMS; south of Market St.; fine. ..s4ooo
31 rooms; transient: Market st 950
15 rooms; select; transient; corner 300
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel 1800
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
$200—16 rooms; good paying house. 129 Third
street.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture of private residence. In-
cluding 1 magnificent aldeboard; no dealers.
Call 11 to 3, 1440 Mission st., near Eleventh.
FURNITURE for Kale; cottage for rent; de-
sirable location. Address box 1215, Call office.
FURNITURE 6 rooms at half price. 196 Ship-
ley st.. corner Fifth.
152 FIRST ST.— Carpets, bedding, stove, with
water connections and furniture.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 43*
Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at Jo.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
' Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
TYPEWRITERS.
AlXlypewrltterrsoM and rented; few Partly
NEW Hammond, $35; Call graph. $15: Yost. $»;
get sample work. SCOTT. IS3 Montgomery.CITY REAL ESTATB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., . :"
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.'
. . :■ .' v - . 14 Montgomery at.
A NICE RESIDENCE ON. WEBSTER ST.
$. .660— Elite neighborhqod; 2-story and base-
ment, bay-window residence of ■ 9 s rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc.; 25x106:3; price has
been greatly reduced.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
$5000—60x106:3; as a whole or In subdivisions
to suit. - -
A GOOD INVESTMENT ON WELCH ST.
$3750—4 nearly new flats; brick foundation;
rents $50; 25x75; bargain. . •
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$j.sot>— 2-story house of 9 rooms; house alone
worth the money; could be converted Into flats
at very Httle expense; within a few blocks of
the City Hall; 25x100. ...
.._- „ A GOOD INVESTMENT. '■ --
$o2so— Rltch and Shipley sts.; 2 frontages; 5
nats; rents $53 per month;both str.ets accepted;
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. ..,>■-.
1120 per foot— Lot any size on the main drive
to the park; street acoepted; the best residence
location In the Western . Addition.
A VERY CHEAP LOT.
42360— Fulton st. ; 25x137:6; str;st accepted;
stone sidewalks; gas, side sewer and water
Pipes. laid; this is a very cheap lot.
A CHEAP MISSION HOMK.
$1900 — Bay-window residence of 7 r^oms and
bath, etc.; in good condition; nice location; ibx
100; rents $204- per annum.
NORTH BEACH.
$1700— 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath and
•toreroom; brick ioundatlon; 80x137:6; marine
views.
RICHMOND BUSINESS CORNER.
$1300— Corner lot; 32:6x100; this is a bargain, j
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$900—28x136; handy to several lines of cars.
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
$1250— bargain; street accepted by the city;
Call and obtain . one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
In all parts of the city for sale.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
._ 14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROS. McAFEE BROB.
108 Montgomery »t., San Francisco.- ■ '
BUSH STREET, NEAR POWELL.
$10,000— A house of 16 rooms; could be turned
Into fine boarding-house; splendid lot, 27:6 x !
137:6; with fine view of the city; a bargain.
FINE PACIFIC AYE. CORNER.
$9500—45x100 feet; splendid marine and city
view; It must be sold.
TWENTY-FIRST, BETWEEN MISSION AND '
VALENCIA.
$Ssoo— House of 7 rooms. In the Mission warm !
belt; will go cheap. •
RENTS $43 MONTHLY. - -
$3260— Tenement, near Market.
CHEAP COTTAGE IN SUNNYSIDH.
$900—5 rooms and bath: lot 50x100. .
— BRYANT AVENUE. — —
Lots! Hampshire Street. Lots!
Lots!. . Potrero Avenue. , Lots'. !
TWENTY-FIRST AND TWENTY-SECOND
•. STREETS.
$700 to $1250— level lots; street sewered
and bltumlnlzed;' cheapest and best lots In the
M'.«slon; now Is your chance! Terms If de- !
s-ired. - .■. ■ •' ;•
California, near Twelfth avenue; street '
.iamlzed; a bargain.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$3500— corner; 27:6x110; view. '" ■
$3400— Green, near Devisadero; 29x105.
$4000— Vallejo, near Presidio grounds; graded; j
beautiful, view; 55x137.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
tlrOO— Clay, near Spruce; 25x100. '
$25007-27:6x137:6: Spruce, near Washington.
S5MO— Magnificent comer lot; 36x187:6; beau-
tiful marine view.
McAFEEBROS. .. ~ ' McAFEE BROB. j
108 Montgomery «t.. San Francisco.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St.", oppo- i
Flte Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re- j
duction: ;
Undivided h_ of lot 125x105 feet on
Mission St., between Sixteenth and Seventeenth ]
sts.. with improvement: cheap.
$S7sO— 2-story dwelling and stable and lot i
2!"xl00:'on Folsotn st.; $3000 to remain on mort-
gage.' ■' ■ ■' ' • i -.'■• .- ■'-
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY."*
$13.000— Rent $»4; 4 splendid flats on Fell St..-.
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x157:«.
$7000— Ashbury. st:. near Fell; lot .25x103; ; fine
r*B\<sence. ••-.■. ... •-_--,- •
JSOOO— 4 flats on Page st., near Broderlck; lot ;
S7:6xTS; make offer. ■■ .• • . ' ■', :
$42S<}— Splendid cottage; Oak St., near Lyon; !
. lot 25x110; fronting on park. . ■ .
•512.000, formerly $15,000— Halght st., east cf
Flllmore, three fine bay-window 2-story houses,
and lot 55x137:1 feet; very cheap.
$25,000, formerly $38,000— ■ very " prominent j
corner yielding now 8 per cent, and will surely j
go up to $50,000. , .
$SOOO. formerly $9000— Rent $70; four fine flats;
Western Addition; lot .49x80.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN. ,
$65,000— Splendid property on Market st,, only
V- d blocks from the Baldwin.
442,500— Tay10r st.. n^ar Market; large lot; '
well Improved: stores and flats.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
$5500— Rent $60; four flats on Geary St.; lot
23x125. ' .. • - .•• ■ ■ .....
$5800— Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary st.
$2400— Rent $25: a double flat; S rooms below
and 6 rooms - upstaiTs. . , / • : ■ • •
— Rent $260; etores ai.J flats; never !
vacant. ■ • ■ • •
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
BIS California st.
. . . IMPROVED.
Montgomery aye.. through to ' Washington
St.; brick Improvements; rents $190. ■
■ $12,0 C0 — Corner Leavenworth and .Greenwich; j
137.6x137:6. with house. ,- . ' ...
$11,000— Dupont and Hinckley; 20x57:6; j
Btore and lodging-house; rents .sBs.- - : .
$6500— Ellis, nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rents \
$55 60. •■• ' '• <" " - v • ' '' '■ ■
$6250— Powell, nr. Vallejo, 21x67:9.
California, nr. Baker; 25x77 2 flats;
rents $42 60. • ■•• ■•■■..
$5000— Page, nr. P,ieroe; 25x187:6; cottage, «
rooms and bath." ..--'- • . •-%
Green, nr. Powell; 24:3x69:9; flat*; rents
$38. ■ ,-..-•..■ . ■ ■ •■ -: .
$4500— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60: rant $4«.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 26x122:6; 2 flats.
— 44th. ave., jit. Point Lobos; 50x120.
$2500— 3d aye., nr. Clement St.; 25x120; cottage.
$2000— 28 th, nr. Sanchez; 26:8x114; cottage. .
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable. ■ UNIMPROVED. I :vV^";
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes: 17:«x57:8; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 26x125.
6cott. nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp: 32:6x110.
25x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lota.
TWO BROTHERS
arrived in San Francisco about' 6 years
ago^-both were married men v/lth families.
Both were soon at work' earning good sal-
aries. They .were- comfort-loving, stay-at-
home men. * who enjoyed their fireside and- ;
the -companionship of thlr families. John,
soon after his arrival,' found a nice, J pleas-
ant house arid rented it and 1 to this day Is
' fitlll paying- rent: James had a better busi- j
ness head. He had a friend In the Hey- ,
man Tract, who was happily placed In a ■
home he was paying for on monthly pay- |
ments that Just amounted to what he had !
been paying but In rent. ' James followed ;
the advice of his Irlend and has since been j
enjoying a cozy, i comfortable • home, that j
now ta almost paid for. John still pays his !
monthly rent and has-not- a thing show
for it. To all j who - have not a home and
wouia like one' we ask to think of far»ee v j
Ing James in the Heyman Tract and Inves-
tlgate the methods of providing homes
there. Tnke Mlsf>lon-st. cars to 22d st.. I
then transfer to Hoffman aye. MR. JAMES
I ' TEH will show you around: ,; JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery St., will *lye all
particulars. • • ■•• - - -". "
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, '
ROOM A, First Floor, Ji
-, ■ . . ■ . . .. Crocker . Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY 'NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! . PROFITS • LATER!
$100, $150 .to $250; level building lots . near
MlBslon-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly. l
• ' ' SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS! ■.'.,. r
$400, $450 to $8.V); officially graded;' superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly. • •■" .
.T^ SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
-lot*; (street graded* and Rewered: $25 ' down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
Call for niape and diagrams.
' ■ . SOL . GETZ & BROTHER.
■*;■•"' Room A, Crocker building.
$250 KACH. $5 monthly: no Interest; Jots 25x'
114; only 6 minutes •from Castro-st. cars; good
lots to build on.
Richmond lots— fine level building lots, 25x
120 each; $10 monthly; cheap; will build to
BUlt. ' .-. ' '_~ ' '_:.' .
Lrtt« In Sunset District. Golden Gate Park.
cheap, on $5 monthly payments.
II fine level, lots; only 8 blocks from Ban
Mnteu electric cars:.; Just the thlni?;-for a
ohlckSen ranch: "on easy monthly payments. ..
'..JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. ;»
$21jOO— JJARGAiN,'.' cottage xopn}S and bath,
warn!" belt • Mission; near ; car line; terms
to suit. E. B. AUBRY. 2245 Mission, bet.
Bi»hteenth and Nineteenth.
CITY REAL ESTATB.
MADISON A BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Must sell to close an estate— An elegant in-
side property on Pine St., bet. Larkln and
Polk; 25x137:6; two buildings; only $5500 aeked.
$7600— McAllister st., near Flllmore; two large
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.
$8000— Washington st., near Webster; 9 rooms
and bath; lot 25x128.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 2^:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low; $65; only $7260; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 28x187:6.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-flrst St.. near Va-
: lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick st. ; 6 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit.
$2900— Twenty-fifth Bt.. near Sanche*; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-flrst St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster st., near McAllister; « rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
$2500— Utah St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavla sts.. 1 block
, off Market; 37:6x100: offered low; one-half pur-
i chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $3260; California and Locust
j sts. ; 37:6x107:7.
I JP vara ; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut: • j00;
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$2750— Clay st.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$4000— Ritch st., near Third and Folsom; two
lots; 50x80; cheap.
$2600-I'age. near Devlsadero: 25x137:6.
$1760— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$125<v— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st. ; 25x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. ; 25x110.
$1000— Jersey st., near Noe; 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 25x100; $?00.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market Bt.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st..
OFFER 4 CHOICEST INVESTMENTS IN S. F.
OFFER 4 CHOICEST INVESTMENTS IN S. F.
$155,000— Market St.. 60 ft. front, half block
from Emporium; old buildings; rents $G5O
j (about) : terms, half cash.
$130,000— Grand cor. : 100 ft. front, with ele-
; gant four-story building, now renting for $S00;
; only block from Baldwin; pays 6 per cent net;
only $40,000 ca.<th needed.
i $B.'. ooo— Grand investment: five-story modern
| building, cost $70,000 few years ago; with 75 foot
i frontage; within block of Market and Sixth
i sts.: renting for about $500; no mistake can be
! made In this purchase.
$12,000-Cor., 62x85 feet, within H block of 3
Market st. car lines; with 8 substantial flats,
all rented for $120: terms, cash.
Notice. — There never was a better
time to buy real estate. San Fran-
cisco has a brighter future than any
other city In the United States, and
offers more Inducements and larger
Interest than any other city.
Profitable investments from $500 to $2,000,000
i always on hand at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st.
$1700— HANDSOME cottage. 4 rooms; bath;
I basement; large lot; street work done; H
I cash. Apply 324 North aye.. near Cortland st.
! $850—10 ACRES richest level valley In State;
I 4 miles from city; $600; house and lot. city.
Box 931, Call office.
4-ROOM cottage; bath: new; big lot; for sale
cheap. Apply 47 Chapultepec st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
| G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery st.
$7500—100 acres, 11 miles from Oakland, near
Walnut Creek: 20 acres In choice orchard; 30
acres In sugar beete; 80 acres in grain; balance
pasture: well watered; fine house, barn, gran-
' ary and chicken-houses, with stock and tools.
For rent— Furnished house and 3 acres or-
' chard, flowers, berrleß and shrubbery at Mlll-
; brae; rent $20; unfurnished. $1".
For rent— 4oo acre* near Woodside, San Ma-
I teo County; good improvements; fine stock
I ranch; plenty water.
I A-WERTHEIM A KEITH. 850 Market St..
business agents; city and country real estate;
partners procured; rents and moneys col-
lected.
$2500— 10-acre fruit ranch: near Haywards;
1000 fruit trees !n bearing: a bargain.
$5500—187 acres; house and barn: 4 miles from
Napa; would exchange for house and lot In
Oakland: a splendid home.
$12 50 per acre— s4s acres; stock ranch; In
Santa Clara County; rich, rolling lanflr suita-
Ma for grain or fruit; plenty of water.
Call and examine our list of fine ranches,
from 160 to 10.000 acres, in Glenn County, Cal., i
the great wheat country. j
AMONG the orange groves of Placer County;
20 acres in full-bearing orchard; early and
late shipping fruit; fine Improvements; for '■
i sale at a bargain.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
FOR CHICKEN RANCH ES-
Acreage property in Oakland suburbs on elec- ,
trie car line; in subdivisions to suit; price $100 i
per acre and upward.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal. |
: FOR Sale — A choice country town home, includ-
ing 4 acres, well Improved, having mill and I
I tank. For particulars inquire 1823 O'Farrell. i
HERE is a bargain: 158 acres, 2-story house, I
good barn; appraised value, $2380; 100 acres
level, finest moist loam soil; 2 miles from ;
town on main county road; owner going East;
$1000; don't miss this chance. THE REV-
I NOLDS CO., 35 Third st.
I A RARE chance; 40 acres orchard at Merced;
full-bearing; very productive; richest soil;
water for Irrigation; fine crop this year; about
half prunes, balance peaches, apricots, pears.
1 almonds; in warm belt, as shown by crop of
j 51 tons peaches this year; owner non-resident; ;
i sale on easy terms or will exchange for good ■
Eastern property. GEO. A. RAYMOND, 210
I Bansome st.
! FARM for sale or rent; 162 acres; good land;
plenty of spring water piped to the house
and yards; 6-room house; barn and other out-
buildings; family orchards: good crops every ;
year; near Pleasanton. Address P. U., Eu- ;
reka Hotel, Oakland. j
FOR Bale— 2%-acre home near town; new 6- j
room house, basement; small barn, chicken I
houses, 500 vines, balance orchard and garden ■
land; good well; running water. Address A. j
H. CHESSMORE, Sonoma, Cal.
10-ACRE tract* of fine fruit land near Auburn, '
Placer Co.; $5 monthly, no Interest: $15 to $25
per acre. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery.
FOR SALE, rent or exchange— Farm. 93 acres, .
near Santa Cruz. 78 Rausch st.
FOR Sale — Lot for home In San Mateo County.
X., box I. Call office.
MARIN County dairy ranches; aell or lease; !
building lots and land by the acre In Ross
Valley. J. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael. Cal.
STOCK LANDS FOR SALE.
7200 acres. Fort Seward ranch, with or with-
! out 000 head of stock cattle.
2400 acres; Woodman ranch.
6000 acres; Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner stock county and lands of California;
' never falling water and wood; no droughts.
i Thesa ranches will be sold on terms to suit '
i purchasers. For full particulars write H. T. '
! FAIRBANKS, Petaluma. Cal.
■ FOR Sale— Stock ranch, 1200 acres land; 500 !
■ acres fine grain land: remainder grazing, hill !
land: abundant feed: well sheltered and :
i watered; situated In Colusa County, 16 miles j
from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to i
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle, Cal.
| 160 ACRES creek lnnd In Coos County. Oregon;
partly Improved; cheap; title perfect. Ad-
! dress 515 Sacramento st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
rates of interest.
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies, interests under wills, & 2d & 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discounted and all finan-
cial business transacted.
R. GOULD, 131 Montgomery^ st.
LOANS on furniture oi pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without |
removal;, no commission ; no delays. J.
NOONAN.IOI7 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential ; no cnmmls-
slon: lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up:'
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. MoCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Cp. — Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country; furn. 403 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market it.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MTJRPHY^ 636 Market st.
ISO TO $150,000; lowest rates; Ist and ?d mortg.;
any proposition. Pryden. 413 Montgomery St.-
FINANCIAL. ~
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 128 Montgomery st. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
CITY 1 REAL ESf ATE.
! = "i
. • . ' ~ -: ■ .•
j For eale by order of mortgagee— O'Farrell
St., near Octavla; $7500; a nice modern home;
contains 10 rooms, bath; etc.; extra large lot;
runs through to rear street; rent $65. ' BALD-
| WIN <fc HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A good Investment— under lease for $56;
lot 30x125; close to Golden Gate Park, on Pan-
handle; 2. handsome. new flats, 5 and 6 rooms,
bath, etc., each; call for particulars. BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$6500— Fine new flats facing Golden Gate Park
Panhandle;' rent $60; contain 6 and 7 rooms,
I bath, etc; lot 25x100; Oak st. BALDWIN &
i HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
[ Handsome fiats facing Jefferson Park; $12,000:
: rent $1140 per year; lot 30 feet front; splendid
I neighborhood; only a short walk to Market st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
Business corner; *f1250; Baker, near Green-
i wich; close to main gate, Presidio Reservation;
etoreß adjoining. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
I Montgomery st. • • -. ..<.*»
Big interest— rent $30; Shipley st., near
Fourth; 3 flats. 4 - roonls i each ; make . off
BALDWIN <& HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
Brand new flats; Just finished— s6soo; rent
$60; handsome new flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath,
etc., on Page st.,' near Octavia; good renting
property; close to town.. BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$3000; rent $32; lot 25x1 Fourth aye.,. near
Clement; two good flats of 6 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
• $22,000; Geary, near' Jones; good three-story
building, under secured lease, - which has 2M>
years to run; large lot; rent $175. BALDWIN
A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
Handsome Western Addition; great sacrifice;
$8000; foreclosure sale of a splendid modern
residence of 15 rooms, 2 baths, etc. ; very com-
Blete; large lot. 27:6x137; good marine view;
reen st., near Scott. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
Foreclosure sale— Terms same as rent; $2600;
nice cottage near Twenty-third and Church
sts.; contains 5 large rooms and bath; extra
large lot, 82:6x117 to alley: plenty of room for
stable. BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgom-
! cry st.
Will take Western . Addition lot in part pay;
; we have a fine income property; flats paying
! over 10 per cent; price $6500. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
6 ROOM house, bath, complete; near Fruitvale
sta.; rent $16, or buy it $300 cash; balance as
rent. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
$1750— CORNER 58x80; one block from Castro
st. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
SUNNY 4-room cottage: basement; : yard;
garden. Plelhops' Gro.. 249 Cortland aye.
$435— LOT E. side 21st aye., 150 feet S. of Cali-
fornia st.; snap. Owner 299 14th aye.
— 4-ROOM cottage; 2 lots 25x140. Inquire
BYRNE'S, 3224 Harrison st.
— — — — —^ _— ——— —————
FOR SALE— House and lot, 139 State st.
i NICE little sunny new home; 4 rooms and bath;
$100 cash, $15 per month, buys It, - THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 648 Market st. "
j C. C. BEMIS, :
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
. . 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.: close to electrio road.
— Good corner for store; must be sold;
i lot 62:4x60 feet .
$8700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., ov«rloo*-
; ing the Presidio and -bay.
vara on Page st. ; • panhandle of park.
I $300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and 0
«t.: .109x95 feet.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
■GO out to-day and take a look at those ele-
. gant new homes in the Alvln tract.
Three-room cottage and lot 50x125, $550; small
payment down. $5 monthly. - ■" ■ : .. . ■
Four-room-and-batb cottage and lot 50x125,
$750; only $7 50 monthly: streets macadamlzel;
500 fruit trees will be planted. ' ' - ■ " •' >
Take Haywards local train to Elmhurst sta-
tion or Haywards electric car* to Jones aye. ;
free carriage Sundays meets electric cars to the
Alvln tract . every half-hour; only 45 minutes'
ride from San Francisco to the Alvln tract.
A. T. BATTEN, resident agent. JACOB
HEYMAN. owner, 11 Montgomery st.
A LTST OF CHOICE BARGAINS— .. .
$125 each— Six lots; $5 cash, $5 month.
$375 each — One or two acres.
4rooms; mortgage $500; large lot.
. $700 rooms: fronts electric cars.
$1000—5 rooms; $100 cash, $10 month; station.
$1100— 5 ' rooms; Broad way station; easy terms.
1 $1550—6 rooms; new Broadway station; cheap.
$2500— Store and flats: central; rents $25.
$2500—5 rooms; 100x125; bank mortgage, $2000.
$3600—7 rooms; elegant, new; terms; station. •
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. 460 Bth St.
NEW houses from $500 upwards; eaßy terms.
■ Improved business corner, $6500; exchange for
ranch In Contra Costa County.
160 acres, clear, in Sonoma County, $2000; ex-
change for lots or house In Oakland.
-. Special list for rent; furnished or unfur-
nished. Choice list for sale and exchange. Call
before buying. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland. • . ■ ■ ; >
AT FORCED SALE— .••-.
Chicken ranch, 2 acres; modern 4-room house;
barn, chicken houses, etc.; 2 miles from Berke-
ley: $1500. . ;-vv
Bearing orchard, 10 acres; elegant modern
house; windmill, tank house, barn and out- I
houses; splendid income; at Haywards; cash |
or Oakland property.
Small ranches wanted for cash.
-■' - WHITE & CO.. 814 Broadway.
$1000— HOUSE. 8 rooms; corner lot. 60x100; In
.Golden Gate; block local trains: easy terms.
. $150— Fine building lots near Golden Gate; $10
down, $5 per month: chance to Invest. M. .L.
WURTS, Seventeenth and Broadway. •• *• ?
8-ROOM modern house and 100 feet; Install-
ments. GARNETT, S. E. cor. Vernon and
Perry ats., Oakland.
$400— A MODEL home: house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; fine, largt,
lot; best buy in Oakland: Gallndo Tract.
, East Oakland; a charming view and grand
•, elevation; city water, and. sewer; Peralta aye.
and Belmont st: price $1400.
- Grand building lots; 55x114; $10 cash;
monthly payments to suit. - .-
. You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
st one-half ..real value. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St.; corner Broadway, Oak-
land; carriage free. ; H. Z. JONES, owner. 3
FOR SALE— Nice. 4-room cottage, hard fin-
Ished; bath; brick well; large lot; near
■ Berkeley local; school and 2 electric car lines;
$400 cash, balance same as rent; no 'agents
For particulars address S. R., box 4, Call of-
: flee, Oakland. • •' , ■■ •.'. .
BELOW cost; modern new 7-room cottage op-
posite school. in Elmhurst; large lot; small
•amount down; offer wanted. T. B. DRAPER
: 2063 Knp-lt- nve.. Alameda.
OAKLAND HOUSES. ~
FURNISHED to rent by Oct. 1, or- sooner
| whole or part of lovely 7-room house, corner;
rent to suit,' "responsible parties. Address
box 1212, Call office.. • ■• ;
WANTED-200 FAMILIES FOR 200 HOUSES
in Oakland;, rent is cheap and we have the
I best of every kind: write (stating, want) or
call for list. WM. M. DE WOLF, 1058 Broad-
. way. Oakland. - • - -.; ■ '
OAKLAND ROOMS. ™
OAKLAND— 7 rooms, sunny, - furnished, $25
sflo Sycamore ■ aye.. near ■ Telegraph. '.. ■■■.—
OAKLAND FURNISHED -FLATS.
FITRNISHED 1 flat, modern conveniences; 3
minutes from Adeline station. Apply 610
Twenty-fourth Bt.; Oakland. ■■'■'' : - yj
' OAKLAND DRESSMAKING. C
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS E
CHATMAN. 808 27th st.. nr. San Pablo. --<
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
' ;. FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
' H. A. PLEITNER,. bargains in - Fruitvale. .
■ $760— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement, \ barn,
chicken house, : fruit - trees ■In • bearing; ■ lot 50x
120: fine location. . - •■>.- *-• • .. ■....* , ;
• $850— Newly. renovated • cottage ; of 3 rooms and
basement, -large burn, chicken house; lot s 60x
133; 3 blocks from Adeline 1 station,' Oakland'
$50 -cash; balance on easy terms. .-.-.. .',
$1200— House of 6 rooms and bath, barn
chicken houses; lot 100x105; all fenced and cros-
fenced;; near station. .'. '':■:-.:■_•; ■
$1500— Half an acre of sandy loam; house of
6' rooms and bath, barn, pigeon-houses; fine ar-
tesian- well: windmill and tank; choice fruit
trees In bearing; excellent view. ■--;-■ ,
•■ $2GOo— Just -, completed; ; open for inspection;
house ■of:■ 7 ; rmimf" ; and - basement " . porcelain
bath tub; fine; mantel; reception,, hall; rooms
beautifully' ' and I frescoed; i only S blocks
from • Fruitvale ; station; ;an opportunity \ worth
Investigating. >■".'*- ;.• .:>-. ■,■-, ■-- . - ■ ■ ■■. .
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale -station, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2000— NEW 6-room house; fln« location; lot
40x130.
$1200— Lot on San Jose aye., near Chestnut
St. ; 50x160.
$1200— Good 7-room house; lot 45x150.
CO One building lots, $350 to $400.
The above are bargains. Call and examine.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st.,
Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SEI.VED.
.UST LIKE PAYING RBNT.
$1200. $1700. $1800, $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are 'ovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 6. 6 and 7 rooms, nnd are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located uear schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them oat. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE A REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
6an Francisco. Open Sundays and holldayi.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $2890; cash or easy terms; a lovely home
of 9 rooms and bath; new and modern; splen-
did well of water; windmill and tank; corner
lot 50x125; owner moving out of town.
$5250 for a large house of 26 rooms; 2 years
old; fine proposition: leased for $50 a month;
situated in best part of town.
O. G. MAY _ CO., 2123 Center St., Berke-
ley, Cal.
NEW colonial style house of 9 rooms; large lot;
south front; 1 block south of U. C. ; $3tMO. M.
L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
FINE home near the hills; large house; lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; mu6t be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON, Berkeley
Station.
ORDERED by the bank to sell; house of 6
rooms, In thorough good condition; large lot;
street work all done; cement walk*; near
Dwlght way station; a first-class chance for
a bargain. J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke-
ley Station.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market;
prices reduced: on San Pablo aye., S miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage;
look at this. Map at G. W. HAIGHT. 220
Sansome ft., S. F.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR SALE or exchange— Fine Improved 10-aere
fruit farm In Crescenta Valley, 10 miles from
Los Angelas; paradise for invalids. G. ROB-
ERTSON, 110 Sixth st.
HOUSE and lot, $4350; central: good Income; to
exchange for ranch In coast counties. Box
932, Call office.
WILL exchange 3-flat house on Eighteenth St.,
near Howard, valued $5500, for more valuable
property In Western Addition or south of
Market st. ; will pay to boot. Address box
1762. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — A good pair of modern flats In
Western Addition: also a neat modern cot-
tage 5 rooms and bath, near a car line. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents,
630 Market st.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 716 Sutter, near TayloV — Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice for
business and residence combined; investigate.
AT 609 Hyde, near Geary—Choice, sunny, rea-
sonable, large roomy; appreciated if seen.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
ELEGANT house. 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. TIS McAllister St.; rent $35.
FOR RENT— House of 10 rooms and bath. ISIO
Larkln st. Apply 1318 Larkln st.
LAUREL aye., nr. Turk A Buchanan — You can
economize by hiring house 6 rms; bath; $11.
ROOMING house of 9 rooms; must be sold;
very cheap. 231 Stevenson st.
SEVEN rooms and bath; fine marine view;
large garden; partly cemented back yard.
Inquire at 829 Union st.
TO RENT — House of 4 rooms; good stable; lot
60xl<Ki; cheap. 3244 Harrison st., near Pre-
clta avenue.
TWO-STORY house; rent $11. 10 Prospect aye.,
oft Mission and Twenty-eighth sts.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$12— HOUSE of 6 rooms. 3 Lawrence place off
Fremont, near Harrison; grand view of bay.
$25— 3-STORY. 7 rooms and bath. 113 Olive
aye., near corner Polk and El Its sts.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PACIFIC aye., 1621—8 rooms and bath; yard,
lawn; $30; water free.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. near Howard— 6-roojn -
ed furnished flat, with piano. In exchange for
board. I
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; 6 rooms and bath, large yard and
basement; half block from Geary-st. cars.
Apply 19 Johnston aye.
NEW cottage, 6 rooms and bath, Highland aye.,
200 feet east of Mission St.; $14.
SUNNY cottages, 6 rooms, bath; basement,
yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st., near Dolores.
TO Let— s2o; cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON A CO., 1709
Market st.
$15— COTTAGE 5 rooms and cellar. 621 Gough
St., near McAlllater; water free.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell st.
SEVENTEENTH, 2611. half block east Bryant
Bt. cars— Upper flat, 3 rooms; grate; neatly
furnished for housekeeping; adults.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; nicely
furnished; no children. Box 904. Call office.
J $18— FINE furnished flat, 5 rooms, bath. 8021
Buchanan St.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED If seen ; rarely beautTfuTTSJw.
corner Sutter and Scott. 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth, 7 blp rooms and porch,
rent reasonable, all flooded with sunshine.
BEAUTIFUL new sunny modern middle flat, J
rooms. Corner Jackson and Larkln sts.
BROADWAY. 1122A— Upner flat 4 choice sunny
rooms. $12.
BRYANT, 722%, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Sunny
flat: 5 large rooms and bath; $16.
CHATTANOOGA, 119%, near Twenty-second—
Flat 5 rooms and bath; latest Improvements.
CLAY, 1020 — _ower flat 4 sunny rooms and
yard: cheap.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FAIR OAKS, 137, near Twenty-third— Sunny
upper bay-window flat, 5 rooms; $14.
FLAT 6 rooms, $14; also cottage 4 rooms. 623
Second St.; Rlncon avenue.
FOURTH, 437%— Fine, sunny flat. 8 rooms,
bath. In good order; reasonable good tenant.
FRANKLIN, 526, near McAllister— Flat S
rooms; cheap rent.
HYDE. 418— Four room flat sun all day; bath,
-gas; rent $20; references: private.
HYDE, 612— Parlor floor 4 rooms with bath.
Inquire of owner on premises.
LARKIN, 2614%— Upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
marine vlew^
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms:
modern Improvements; sun; rent $16.
LOWER flat 6 rooms and bath; water free;
$15. 507 Fulton st.
MIDDLE flat 5 rooms and bath; water free;
$20. 609 Fulton st.
MISSION, 1513 A, near Eleventh— Two flats of
5 "rooms, bath, laundry; rent $15 up.
NEW 6-room, bath; reduced to $20. 2531 Post
St., or SPECK A OX
NOB HILL flat. opp. Stanford's. 7 rooms, bath,
$35. 720 Powell st.
!SCOTT, 1409%, near Geary— Flat of 6 sunny
rooms and bath.
SEVENTH, 46. near Market— Flat, 4 sunny
rooms; rent moderate.
SHOTWELL, 1137, near Twenty-fifth— Sunny
upper flat, 6 rooms and bath; reasonable.
STYLISH well arranged 5 roomed flat; $18, in-
cluding scavenger and water. 1909 Howard st.
SUNNY middle flat; 4 rooms; bath and yard.
12 Shotwell st.
THIRD, 605— Flat, 4 rooms; rent $10.
THIRD and Perry— New 6-room; bath; cellar.
Key 417% Third st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. __^
ZOE, 6fi%, off Bryant, between Third and
Fourth— Upper flat. 4 rooms.
$B— LOWER flat 4 rooms. Apply grocery, cor.
Twenty-fourth and Florida 6t.
$9— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna st.
$10 — FLAT 4 rooms, hall, double parlors. 20
Lexington aye., near Eighteenth nt.
$10 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom st., near
Fourth.
3338 Twenty-sixth : St.. near Capp'.' ' : ■ »
$22 60; MODERN 6-room flat. "127 Ash aye., be-
tween Polk and Van Ness aye. __2J..2 J ..
FLATS TO < LET— Contlnned. ,
, . RQOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRADY, 44, off Market— 3 • unfurnished house-
. keeping rooms; cheap; small family. '• ,;:>-
BUCHANAN, , 1015— 2 pleasant rooms for house-
keeping, $12. ...'■■'.- ...,:. .. , ■■■■.'. '"..'
BUSH, 614— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also large unfurnished bay-window
. . room; grate; gas; bath. y . . ' *
CALIFORNIA, 1265— Housekeeping .rooms;
: light, sunny, upper or middle floor.. . - .
CAPP, 708— 3 nicely furnished 'snnny rooms for
■ housekeeping; desirable. ... ;.., ■ . ■ 1
CLEMENTINA, 440 A —Front bay-window un-
furnished housekeeping room; $6. •-; . j
DEVISADERO, 728, on Pleasant rooms
j with housekeeping privileges; n6 children.
DOLORES, 382. near Sixteenth— furnished
i housekeeping rooms; good cook stove: $10.
EDDY, 607— Furnished for housekeeping; "large
front parlor, regular kitchen; also other
: rooms. . - ■
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln— Bay-window alcove;
; mantels; gas: bath; gents preferred. .-.
FIFTH, 119, flat No. 2— Furnished bedroom,
kitchen, $10; other . rooms. MRS. PEARSON.
FIFTH. Large, sunny, bay-window room
' with kitchen; other rooms; , new house.
FIFTH, '392— Complete housekeeping- rooms,
double or single, private family, from $1 . up.
FILLMORE, 2118— 3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
roomß furn.;. bath ; yard ; others; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 974— Housekeeping rooms; double and
' | single; all conveniences; -$1 per j week up;
changed hands. ' ■ ■' - .
GEARY, Elegant sunny suite; privilege
' housekpg; others; hot, cold water; gas; bath.
GOLDEN place, 3—3 sunny furnished rooms for
■ housekeeping; rent reasonable. . '
HARRISON, 731—8 furnished rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; 'arge yard; $13.
HERMAN, 68—8 nicely - furnished rooms * for
housekeeping; rent $12.
HOWARD, 625— Pleasant: housekeeping rooms,
'$( and $8; also furnished basement: reason-
■ able. ■■-:■■: <:■:•.■> -. /
HOWARD. 10«8— Parlor suite for housekeeping,
$12; nicely furnished: others; $8; single, $4.
JESSIE, 335— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, with use of kitchen if wanted.
JESSIE, 873, near Fifth and Market— house-
keeping rooms, $9.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Room and
kitchen;. furnished or unfurnished; reasonable.
MARKET. 2482— 56; large sunny room; large
closet; grate; light housekeeping. .
' MCALLISTER, 635— 2 or 3 elegantly furnished
connecting sunny rooms; every cony. ;• private.
MCALLISTER, Furnished and unfurnish-
I ed rooms; breakfast If desired; cheap.
MINNA, 637, near Sixth — Large front house-
keeping room; 2 closets. ■ . .
- MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng. ■ -. ■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■-■ ■;
MISSION, 861, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen complete for : housekeeping.
MISSION. 953—1 or 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap. - -
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Parlor, bedroom,
kitchen and gas stove; sun all day; $17.
O'FARRELL, — Large sunny bedroom and
kitchen, furnished; also large sunny yard; $14.
PART of unfurnished flat, bath, sunny; very
cheap. 2 Torrens court, oft Clay St., between
Hyde and Larkln. *■
PERRY, 174— Sunny bay-window room, with
use of kitchen.
POINT LOBOB aye., 2120—2 and 8 sunny fur-"
nlshed housekpg rooms; $10 and $13; no child.
SCOTT, 113— large partly furnished con-
necting rooms and alcove; bath, etc.
SHIPLEY, 232— Nice suite housekeeping rooms,
$6 per month; upstairs. . . ■  . .
SEVENTH, 436 — large, sunny, unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent very reasonable.
SIXTH, 227— Pleasant sunny housekeeping
>i rooms ; reasonable. •. .  •
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— 3 or 8 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD, : Furnished housekeeping and sin-
•: ,gle rooms; newly papered. '-. ■• •' •■ '
THIRD. 263— Sunny lurnlshed front rooms for
housekeeping; also single."  ? • , '}'.V ■ V
THIRD, 309— Large furnished room light house-
■ keeping. $6; single 'front room. > $5. ■ ';
TRUNK, furniture, etc;, taken on rent; hand-
some rooms; no children. ■ Box 1203,- Call. .
TURK, 127— Parlor for office; housekeeping and
single rooms; newly furnished. ■
TURK, 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, ' com-
. plete for housekeeping;- gas, gas stove and
bath; $14. -•-'■. ; ; -
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished rooms, corn-
•• plete for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 146— Large sunny housekeeping
! rooms, furnished complete, $12 mo. ; one for $8.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 8367. near Mission—
' furnished sunny housekeeping suites; $10
• and $11.
3 LARGE sunny rooms. 1 Wall St., oft Jack-
son, between Leaven worth and Hyde; also 4
roomn and bath, 1542 Jackson st. Apply at
1344 Jackson st.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.- ■ • ■
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel — Rooms without board; ae-
■ commodatlons for cooking. 9th te Washington.
ROOMS VO LET.
ALBEMARLE, 8 Mason St., corner Market—
Nice sunny, furnished "■-' ms; . single or en
suite; some suitable light hsekpg. ; reasonable.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; ftrst-clasd
• In every respect; terms reasonable. :
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell: elevator; baths; best attention.
AT O'Farrell, 1023, near Van Ness Hand-
■ some alcove and other rooms. ••
AT 62 Second— Nice; single, double and light
- housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 60; day 25c to 50c.
AT 416. O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. baths, running water.
BUSH, 805 — Nicely , furnished sunny rooms, $5
month; suitable for light housekeeping.
DALE place, 9H. off Golden Oate.' near Leaven-
worth— Sunny rooms; private; $5 and $6.
EDDY, 3— Furnished sunny rooms, $2 to $3 per
week ; : light housekeeping permitted.
EDDY, Pleasant front : room; I also others;
. $6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— 60 cents to-
sl per night; $2 to $6 a week; families. ,:
EDDY; Elegantly furnished parlor; also,
nice single rooms for gentlemen. • -*,\'.-r_. ~a
EDDY, Alcove furnished front rooms. • ,
ELLIS, 622—2 large sunny rooms; separate en-
« trance; yard; rent cheap. _ ••
ELLIS, 801, cor. . Polk— Newly furnished sunny
. front double room; suitable for 2; private
•' family. , - - ' • t- : . .~ .
FOLSOM, 844— Large sunny front- room fur-
nished; $5 per month; private family.
FULTON. - 6108, • near Octavla— Lovelv room;
: modern conveniences; new and clean; rent
low. ,
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
I rooms; suites or single. MRS. -H. RYER. ;'. :
GEARY, Newly ■ furnished rooms. ):
GIRARD House, ' 192 Seventh, near Howard—
Sunny rooms: reasonable; also housekeeping.'
GLOBE House, 821. Howard— Per night. 25c |to
, $1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard car*.
GOLDEN • GATE aye, , 402— Newly ■ furnished
•■• sunny, front room; gas and bath; $8.... . .;
GRAND. BOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
■ .Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. --*
GRANT ■ aye., 17— Nicely furnished front suite
of rooms cheap; no questions.* 1 • .- . ■-• ■
HANCOCK ! House, 781 - Mission— Select ; family
rooming-house; ;$1 50 to $6 per week. ■-■'-..
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth st.-Sunny suite for
: . housekeeping; - suite ■-. for 3 ' gents; reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 . Elegantly
; furnished suites and ■. single rooms;, moderate.
HOWARD. 1129— Cheap, .; quiet,,; sunny ■ front
>■■■. rooms; .$4 up. , ■::■■'•■.■.■-.. ■ - .■■•■■- .-- '■.--.' .";■-.•■■>.-■■'
HOWARD, 1803B— Large. sunny front room suit-
able for two i persons; terms reasonable.
HYDE, *"'" ' 232— Nicely ■;• furnished T. sunny front
; rooms; ;$5 month , up; . with all \ conveniences. I
JESSIE. 478, v near Sixth— Bunny front room
; and others. / ..•"'-■•■• ,-,■■•■--:•-.•■■: ■'•.->' ■-;--■ i; - '■■' x^.~-:i
JULIAN | aye., ! 169, near Sixteenth St.— Two un-
.'•- furnished large: front conneetlng . rooms. ;-.\
LARKIN, 613— Sunny , front 1 room and " kitchen "
; complete ; for housekeeping. c : : - ■■" /; V; ;.; - .• ';
LEAVEN WORTH/ Handsome parlor > floor: ;
1 'furnished ; or not ; , also ' hkp.; '' ms % uhfurnishd -;
MARKET, ; 1032. : near Mason— , furnished
sunny rm. en suite .or .single; transient; $5 up.
;,
MARKET, 1722, ; near Polk-TNewlx. furnished
' sunny rooms; bath, gas; rent low. ; - •
MANSFIELD— Post—Elegant sunny rooms,
: suite or single; baths connecting;, moderate
. rates..> .. ..... ..; .■.*.."->., .. , •..
MCALLISTER. 633— 2- or 3. furnished rooms; ]
light housekeeping; private family; reasonble. j
MINNA, 648—2 large" sunny rooms,- with ranga [
if required, $8. '.' ■ ;-*•"' "'■'-•■ ..
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished \
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient..
MISSION. 809, near Fourth— parlors suitable ]
for doctor. ; Call, up or down stairs. • "• •- -
OAK, 231— One sunny unfurnished room. .
O'FARRELL, Sunny I furnished rooms, : ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 331— Large sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen or light : housekeeping, $10. ..
O'FARRELL, 40fi&— Back' and ■ front parlor; !
suitable for 2 gentlemen; gas. bath; private. ,
O'FARRELL, ' 770— Elegant sunny' furnished !
■ rms.; single, en suite; bath: gents; moderate, j
ONE or two unfurnished ' rooms - to-let; small
family. Box 1216. Call office. ; .,.:' . j
PINE, 911— Nicely furnished, rooms to, let. ;
POST, 2528. near Baker— Suite of 2 sunny front ;
' " rooms,' nicely furriished, suitable for 1 or 2 j
gentlemen; prlvatefamily; $12; references ex- \
changed, ;.. /. , '.'. " ■■ '■ . • .."
RENT FREE— At Boquel,". Cal., rooms to a
middle-aged couple or some .. old lady; '• good
reference given. Address box 1733, Call office.
SEVENTH, 6— Nice sunny front room, t doors
from Market; for $10./' ■ ■ ■
SEVENTH, ■ 223— Larga sunny single furnished
room for $4 SO. ' - .'- •
SHERMAN Apartment ' House, X Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. -
BHOTWELL. 217—2- or ' 8 sunny connecting
rooms for housekeeping: gas and bath.
SIXTH, 216%— Large sunny front room for light
housekeeping; also single rooms; cheap.
SIXTH, • — 4 large sunny J unfurnshad • roomt
and bath: large range; rent $10.
SIXTEENTH. ■ 2822— Sunny furnished rooms
with or without housekeeping; cheap.
STEVENSON. : Sunny front room, suitable
for. 2; also single room;.rent $8 & $4; private.
TAYLOR, Furnished and .- - unfurnished
rooms, housekeeping; also sleeping . rooms;
sunny; newly papered; good location. '
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough
' . —House newly furnished; . single rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants for . light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $13. - "
TURK, 405—3 sunny furnished rooms. ■
TURK, Newly furnished parlor suite; sun
all day; private family; reasonable. '-».
VAN NESS aye., Sunny newly 'furnished
rooms, -excellent board; references.
WEBSTER, 1613— Large sunny front room; $10;
■ private family. ' ■"■•■.■■-■. i •-; ■ -..
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best rooming-
house on water front; single. 26c up; week, $1
up; fine bar connected with house.
ROOMS AND BOAAI).
AHLBORN House. , 319-321-32! Grant ' aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BOARD and room for gentleman or 2 together;
private family. Call 731 Waller st. t . •■ "
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 £0 par week; single rooms
$1 per week. > - ..
BUSH, ■ 822— Nicely furnished room; 2 gentle-
men; separate beds; running water; $50.
EDDY, Nicely furnished ' rooms with home
: cooking, $20 up. ... ''V." 1 ... *
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish prlfate boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GOLDEN .GATE aye., 884. near City Hall—
. Lovely large sunny alcove: two adults; board;
"pleasant home; piano; private family; other
-rooms. ■ .- ... -.<-_■•, . -,-. , - .'
GEARY, 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 250.
; GEARY, . i Newly • furnished ■ and . carpeted
rooms; French board. ■' *. ' :■ > H -
GOLDEN. GATE aye., 708— Large double room,
.. with board, for 2 gents; also 2 single rooms.
HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select • family boarding-
',,• house; first 1 class all appointments: hot water
\ every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL -SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
• rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.-.
NICELY furnished room for 1 or 2 ladles or
• gentlemen,' with or without board: private
family; very reasonable. S2l McAllister St.,
bet. Van Ness aye. and Franklin.; '
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent;
j board; hot and cold water; $20; other rooms.
PLEASANT room, with or without board; 1 or
2 gentlemen ; marine view. 21514' s Larkin st.
SOUTH-PARK. 159— Large sunny room for two
with board, $40; also single rooms.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished sunny
: Market, st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
' month; single rooms accordingly. .
VAN NESS aye.,' 619— Sunny furnlehed suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS, Rooms furnlehed or unfur-
nished, single, en suite; table board; house-
keeping rooms. . ■ .. .. 
.VAN NESS, best Beautiful, sunny
rooms, electric lights; excellent board; refer-
ences. Box 1223, Call . office. -.-.-■ ■ ■ .-•
WANTED— boarders; rood home- cook-
Ing; reasonable; central.. M. E., box 1717.
Call office.,.-. ■• ..-;. v. -.;-.. ',  •
YOUNG boy;, room, breakfast and dinner for
• $2 50 per week. . 717 Polk st. «- ,
;. ""' CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would. like- 2 children to board; good
home and care; near school. 61 Clara st.
WANTED— ChiId to board in Fruitvale; own
cow and carriage; reasonable. Call -or write
for particulars to Call office, Oakland.,
CHILDREN wanted to board, with mother's
; care; 'reasonable; terms. i: Apply at 1 2246 San
'Antonio . aye., Alameda. ' - '.^ ■■ *.'-,. : ■
CHILDREN or infants boarded; mother's care;
references; moderate. 254V4 Sixth st. ■-.•>-..
MEDICAL. ■".-"■■■ ;■ •■■;•'."
ALL cases of monthly ■ Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe.
and. sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
' dies and treatment have never been known to
"• fail; travelers helped without 'delay; borne in
. confinement; skillful medical attention; alt
those who are sick -and discouraged consult
the doctor free and 'confidential; strong pills
and capsules, $1. ' MRS. DR. WYETH, 208
v Turk Bt., n«ar Jones. • ■ '■. f .. ' -■. ,: i ■> ■
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles, •
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
; avoided; kind sympathy, and aid; sure relief,
■ though else • fall; delicacy, • privacy, home,
. etc.; babies .adopted;,, travelers '.treated;, no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. - MRS. M. DAVIES, 1223 Market
st. ;- pills, $1; very strong, $2. ■•■:.- - - ...
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
;. absolute - cure for all female diseases; posi- {
; tlvely safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-:
. " ventive ; , price $150 per box, sent . free by' ■
; mall on receipt of, price; consultation on all"
. special diseases ' free. WALLER BROS.. 23
j ; Grant ., aye., . 8. . F. r '■ A caution— pur-
;■ chasing elswhere write us. ;. -. ... .*...- ■.-;»*• . -
NEW process sent for female trouble;- no mat-
ter, from what cause and how long standing;
> every woman her own physician; restores aY
• ways In one day; safe and. sure; no mcdi-
■ cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills, and capsules, .$1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
87 years, DR. : POPPER, 318 Kearny st. - ,
LADIES, Chlchester's English. Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond: Brand), best; safe, reliable; , take
no. other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
1 "Relief for Ladies": letter by return mail: at
; druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla. • ■
LADIES, .my monthly regulator ''cannot- fall-
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wls.
DR. WISE, late of . Bellevue' Hospital, N. V ,
obstretrlcs specialist, offices Hackmeier Hotel,
123 | Eddy Et., chronic and ' complicated dls-
I eases >cured; ', patients - assured first-class
i; medical attendance, ;." besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with > experienced attendants-
, strictest confidence maintained iln • all .cases;
consultation free. ;-. Hours." 9 to 11 and 2 to 8. 1 -
A I TREATMENT i that I- restores Instantly - all
: cases of ■•■ monthly Irregularities from « what-
ever j cause ; no Instruments used; - guaranteed
> cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for • patients; I consult ' free ; I confidential
I MRS., DR. KOHL. 1122 Market , St.. - ..■-,-■ ■
DR. and MRS.""WEGENER, 1312 . Golden Gate
1 aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; ' terms
- moderate ; infants adopted into good ' homes. < 
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to. ladies with
female ! troubles; no danger ; I safe I cure $2 50
, expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, , Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement by a' first-class
.German-midwife:- infants adopted into . good
i homes. ■■•Bls Turk St., ne»i> Larkin. ;■. j ■-.. ■ -
LADIES— Mrs. 1 Dr.' Pueta; infallible, safe rema-
dles; 38 years' ■ experience; 254"^ Fourth st. ;><
MRS. "i ACHARD, '* ; midwife: sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 168 Second et. l i
STORES TO LET.
: CORNER' of Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.—
Two stores adjoining, to be rented separate oi
- in one corner formerly a drug store; rent
low. -'•.•.- - • -. .-._,-,.
LARGE store, four living rooms and basement.
1109- Howard St., near Seventh; rent cheap;
[ sunny • yard. ■' ■: •- • •■ . ■• ■
NATOMA. 645— Store and 2 rooms, suitable for
most any business, $11.
O'FARRELL, 719— Store; will alter, to suit ter^
ant; rent cheap'; suitable for a plumbing shop.
STORE— Twenty-third and Guerrero: deslrabl*
.. for-drug store; concrete cellar; 3 rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD, 1 3552, near Guerrero— Store,
__wlth fixtures: 2 rooms an.l cellar; rent $15.
STORAGE.
' FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and ' Moving Co.,
_'■• office Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
i FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
. age Warehouse. UP Mission st. : tel. Mint IStt.
'•' HOUSES : FOR ' SALE. I- : ;
FOR SALE— Two-story house 12 rooms; good
_ condition; to be removed- from premises at
• once. Apply first flat. 1513 Larkln st.
PHYSICIANS. ~~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and resldenceT
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
. j ' . LEGAL NOTICES.
I REFEREE'S sale in partition— the Superloi
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
■ cisco, State of California, Department No L
: THOMAS F. DUNN. Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
■ 'BENCEDUNN'et all.. Defendant*. Causi
; - No. 117. • •-■ ■- - - -■:;. :
Notice is hereby given that- under and In
pursuance of the interlocutory decrea In par-
• tition and order of sale heretofore duly madt
■ and siven In the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
Of April, 1868, duly entered of record therein
by which said Interlocutory decree of said
court, the - undersigned, G. H. Umbsen. waj
1 appointed by consent In open court of all th<t
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
• cause, > for the purpose of making sale of tha
■ real property hereinafter described, ■ and by
- which said decree it was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in tha'
• manner required by law, the .undersigned ai
' cucb referee, will, on Monday, the 12th das
- of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co. at No 14
Montgomery street, in the Ctty and County ol
: Ban. Francisco, State of ..California, sell .at
'■ - public • auction in separate parcels to th«
. I highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, piece-: or par-
cels of real property situate, lylner and belna
in said City and County, of San Francisco.
Etate of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: •■ >••
First— Commencing at a point on the north,
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
: nlnety-slx feet northeasterly from the north-
' easterly corner of Third and Minna streets
- thence northeasterly on the line of and front'
' ing 'on Minna street twenty-fly (25) feet
' thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right anglea
• southeasterly eighty (80) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion ot
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
. vey, as laid down on the official map of th«
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
— Commencing at a point formed bj
the intersection of the southerly line of Pag«
street with the westerly line of Octavia street
. ■ running thence southerly along said line oi
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
' (87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly.
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
■ the point of commencement, being a part ol
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (2«).
i Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
\ two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
' -westerly from the northwesterly corner ol
i • Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner o|
New Montgomery and Minna streets), runnlna
thence northerly at right angles with Minn!
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thenca
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (80) feet to the northwesterly line of
i - Minna street, and * thence at right angles
. westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine, and - six-twelfths
' , (59 6-12) " feet to the point of commencement
, being a subdivision of tha ona hundred vara
lot. number eight (8).
1 Fourth-rCommenclng at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, runnlra
' thence westerly along the northerly line ol
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet. 014) feet, thence ; east-
erly parallel- with Duncan street eighty (80)
' ■ feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
. • dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
,- street.-the point, of commencement, together
with the Improvements thereon. '
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) pet
cent of the purchase price to be paid to tha
referee on each parcel sold at the time oil
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale, by said Superior Court and.
delivery of deed. -
Dated this 19th day of August. 1898.
G. H. UMBSEN,
Bole Referea Appointed by Said Superioi
Court. ••
DINKISLSPETL A GESFORD,^
. Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. 805 Claus Sprack-
_•!» Building. San Francisco. •
i ! MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage. licenses have been issued as follows:
David H. Dexter and Mabel H. White.... 24-23
R. A. Mclntyre and Mabel F. McDonald. .26-1(1
Cornelius M. Nolan and Edith J. Spurrier.36-22
Ferdinand Gltzel and Hermlnane Truhn... 2s-27 '
Adam Henctk and Annie Horril 35-21
August E. Pepercorn and Anna Hoffman.. 26-23
Winslow L. Halett and. Jessie B. Owens. 23-23
Gustave A. Tistaert, and Ida E. 8u5ch:.... 21-18
David A. Porter and Augusta L. Nye..."... 26-21
Gust Gustafson and Elise Schmidt 30-33
W. E. Burden and Etta J. Trewartha......22-?J
Alfred Knutson and Lena Nixon... 28-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
Birth,, marriage and death notices sent by
mall,. wlll : not be inserted. They, must ba
handed In at either of the publlcantlon" officea
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
• '"' BORN. •
ARGENTI— In this city, August 21. 1898, to tha
, wife of J. J. B. Argentl, a son. ," •
ARNOTT— In this city, September 7, 1898, to tha
wife of John Arnott, a daughter. . :
COATES— In this city, August 28, 189S, to tha
wife of James' H. Coates, a 6pn. .
EGGERT— In this city,' September 8. 1898, to
. the wife of H. Eggert, a son.
FARLEY— In this .city, August 31, 1898, to tha
wife of B. Farley Jr.. a son.
FOSS— In this city. August 25, IS9B, to the wifa
of B. ,M.. Foss, a daughter. .
MURPHY— In this city, September 8. IS9B, ta-
the wife, of John J. MurpHjv a daughter.—
RAY— In the Potrero, August 31, 1898. to tha.
wife of Philip A. Ray. a daughter. . ■
RAPP— In this city. September 7, 1898. to tha
wife of. Charles F. Raap. a daughter; ; ;
TRACY— In this city. September 3. 1898,- to tha
wife of George Tracy, a son.
URBANUS— In Monterey, Oal., August 27, 1898,
to the wife of J. A. Urbanus. a son.
> MARRIED.
SPENCER— In this city. September 7.
i IS9S, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand. Thomas U.
i; Dodge and Ella' Frances Spencer; both ot
• -San Francisco. ■-, ■'" *
"GRIESINGER— ANDRESEN— In this city, Sep-
, tember,. 4, IS9B, by the Rev. . J.. Fuendeling.
; William Grieslnger and Ingeborg A. An-
• dresen. * ■ ; "
LIXDEVALD— BOYENS— In this city. Septem-
ber S. IS9S, by the Rev. F. R. . Farrand. Con-
« : rad T. Lindevaid and Lillian Boyens, both o£
"Francisco. '• ,' . .' ■
MeKEAN'D— MILLER— In this city, 8j by tha
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, William' T. Mc-
Keand and Mrs. Rose Mac Miller, both of
'San' Francisco .. ,-.
MUNRO— In this city, September 1,
1898, by the Rev. Father Grant, William N.
, . Munro and Rla Murray. • both ■of San . Fran-
t cisco. '■-• ■-• • • . -. - - i .- **■•"
ROBISCHON— In this city, - September
, .7,'. IS9B, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Richard W.
- ; Roblschon and Ursula . Peler. - .\ -
SOLLMANN— In i this city, Septem-
j ber 7, 1898. by the Rev, J. Fuendeilng. Yalen- ,
. tine Sollmann and Anna Langer. .
SULLIVAN— TOBELMANN— In this city? Sep-
: tember 7, 1898, T. J. Sullivan and Clara To-.
.'-.belmann.v ._.'■"-'■ . • . - .-. .
' ■•' died. ' ' . ;•: •';'.: '
Betzel. Louis , McGrath, Michael J.
Burns. Mary ■• .' . ' Muller, Fred.
.: Butkawetz. Caroline Rahr. Hans M.
' Cronln. Jeremiah * Booker, Wesley IH.
i Eggertsen, Anna --' - Shattuck, • Francis ,IC
' Flßchbeck. Max Smith, Gus E.
Ffsk. Leander Sourdry. i Claudine
Godeau, : Leontlne .M. Thomas, John - .-.
; Hand. James . . Thrahe, Peter C. L.
Hines, Polly R. Valley, Patrick
- Keyes. William P. . Walsh. Daniel
; McEntee. ' Patrick .; . Wilson. Clara 'L.
BETZEL— In this - city. September . 10, 1395,
. 'Louis, / beloved husband of Henrietta Betzel.
', and father of Isldor Betzel - and Mrs. Char- j
I lotte Brownstone, native of Germany,. aged
j. 69 years. , ,-_ ■ . v •, . . . .<£. , - ■ .-. '
BURNS— In the City -and County Hospital,
. September S, IS9B, Mary Burns, a native o(
• Missouri, aged 48 years. <:- • ■■ ' ■  - .
BUTKAWETZ— this city, September 9. 1898,
• Caroline,' beloved 7 wife- of , the late Matthias
Butkawetz. mother of Mrs. August Gemballa,
grandmother of Mrs. F. Sosnowski and Fred.
' Gustave, Emll and Anna Gemballa. and aunt
. of ' Fred ; and ■ Marie Sosnowski. ;a 1 native of.
. Germany, aged SI yearn S months and" 18 ■
days. .;-.,-■-. ■..■.', ■■.-■. ,;■ \ ■ -..
■ CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ! invited. «q attend - the i funeral this day
(Sunday), at- 2 o'clock;.; from her j ; late resi- -';
| ; dence. 120 - Valley • street, between :■ Twenty- - -
,~ elKhtb and Twenty-ninth, ; r Dolores .%,- and
.. Church." Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery, --
CRONIN— In r this city, September 10, 1898."
■•■-.' _ - , .. . . . '• . • ■ - •
1314
Jeremiah, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garrt Cronln, and father of James, Mamie,
John, Gertrude and Thomas Cronln. a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland, aged 57 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
EGGERTSEN'— In this city, September 8. 1898.
Anna, beloved wife of J. Eggertsen, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 43 years.
E7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 22S McAllister
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FISCHBECK— In this city, September 10, 189S,
Max, dearly beloved son of Maria and the
late August Fischbeck, and brother of Minna
and Ida Drachan, a native of Germany, aged
Zl years 6 months and 14 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 1421 Mason street, near Broadway.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FISK— In Oakland. September 10, 1898, Lean-
der. beloved husband of Fannie W. Fisk.
and uncle of Carrie C. Triplett. a native of
Connecticut, aged 78 years 7 months and 18
days.
GODEAU— In this city. September 8. 1898,
Leontlne Marguerite Pac. beloved mother of
Julius S. and P. E. Godeau, Mrs. J. Boutes
and Mrs. I. Fos, a native of France, aged 73
years 10 months and 2S days.
CC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Juler- S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dea Vlctolres for services commencing- at 2:30.
HAND— In San Mateo County, September S.
ISM, James Hand, beloved brother of John,
Frank and Edward Hand, a native of the
parish cf Roslea, County Fermanagh, Ire-
land, aged 30 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his "brother, J. Hand. 1670 Seward street.
West Oakland. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
HINES— In East Oakland. September 10, IS9S,
Polley R., daughter of Wiley anu Lucy Hlnes
of Vlsalla, a native of California, aged 18
years.
KEYES— In Nlles. Cal., September 8, IS9B.
William P., beloved hueband of Addle Keyes,
and son of O. H. Keyes, a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 years and 7 months.
lEyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of O. H. Keyes. 607 Van Ness avenue.
McENTEE— In this city, September 8, 1898,
Patrick, beloved husband of Carrie McEn-
tee, father of John, Carrie and Mamie Mc-
Entee, and brother of Mrs. Thomas Daly,
Mrs. P. Larkln, Mrs. J. Dunn. Mrs. O. Mc-
Cooey and John and Matt McEntee. a na-
tive of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 42
years. .;• . v
C^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
etreet. thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
McORATH— In this city, September 10, IS9B,
Michael J., dear'.y beloved husband of Mary
T. McGrath. and beloved father of Carrie E.
McGrath, a native of Australia, aged 49 years.
A member of White Eagle Tribe No. 72, O.
R. M.
v -- Remains at the residence of his brother.
Thomas F. MeGrath. 630 Chestnut street, be-
tween Mason and Taylor.
MULLER— In this city. September 10, IS9S,
Fred, beloved son of FTiedrlch and the late
Katherlne Muller of New York, and brother
of the late Edward H. Muller. a native of
New York, aged 42 years 11 months and 27
days.
Remains will be forwarded to New York
for Interment on Monday evening's train.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
1209 Mission street.
RAHR— In this city. September 7, IS9B. Hans
. M. Rahr. beloved brother of Carl J., Mads J.
and N J. Rahr and Mrs. C. Bonde, a native
of Schleswig, Germany, aged 32 years 3
months and 26 days. A member of Danmark
' No. 2. Danla.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street,
thence to X P. Hall, 909 Market street, where
funeral Bervices will be held under the aus-
pices of Danmark No. 2. Danla, commencing
at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROCKER— In this city. September 9. IS9S. Wes-
ley H.. beloved Infant son of John and Chris-
tine Rocker, n native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 1C days.
'Friendl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
; the rarents, C 42 Chestnut rtreet. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SHATTUCK— In Berkeley, September 9, 1898.
.Francis Klttrldge; beloved husband of Rosa
.M. Shattuck. and brother of Mrs. M. K.
Blake, Mrs. Eliza Lee and Mrs. E. H. Ha-
- yens, a native of New York, aged 73 years 6
. month"" and 3 days.
E7" The funeral services will be held
this day (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland, under the aus-
pices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61. F. and A. M.
SMITH- this city. September 9, IS9S. Gus
Edwnrd, beloved son of Ous and Alice Smith.
, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and
7 months.
SOURDRY —In Oakland. September 8, 1898,
. Claudine, beloved wife of the late John O.
, Bourdry, and mother of Countess de Begon of
Fari?, France, and the late Edward V. Sour-
dry, a native of France, aged 75 years 3
months and 14 days.
( Notice of funeml hereafter.
THOMAS— the City and County Hospital.
September 9, IS9R, John Thomas, a native of
' West Indies, ased C 2 years.
rHRAXE —In this city. September 10, IS9B,
Peter C. L. Thrane, . a native of Germany,
aged 5S years.
. '!"ri»-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No.
120, F and A. M.
VALLEY— In the City and County Hospital.
September 9. IMB, Patrick Valley, a native of
Ireland, aged ■"•■ ) years.
VALSH— The late Daniel WaUh, charter mem-
ber of Meade Post, G. A. R.. has been re-
moved by his wife to their family plat In
Holy Cro?3 Cemetery.
IVILSON— In this city, September 8. 1898. Miss
Clara Louisa, only daughter of Ezeklel and
Louisa Wilson, a native of Fall River. Mass.,
aged ■".£ year* and 7 months.
E7"Friends and J acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tp attend the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dencf. Point Lobos and Fourteenth avenues.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. \
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERSI
20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln School. \
Telephone, South 80. I
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
? M Nevis. Saeto 7. E Buckner, S Rosa
L, Lawrence. Sacto I D Chlsholm. Alaska
S Lawrence. Pacto I H Billings. Sonoma
„ B Pcott. Panama T J Thornton. Sonoma
D M Thompson. Mo A Goodman. Sonoma
{I M Lambert. Kfdwd 8 T Kronk. Garlock
C L Shadboldt. IVtma .1 B Freeman. Sulsun
C W Scott. Danville C F Rose. Merced
j Bethell. Seattle J Peterson. Lob Gatos
C J Larsen. Fresno F Mathews, S Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL,.
frank C Jordan, Oakld 5 C N Eara, Stockton
R R Whitmore. Cal. 0 W Curtis N V
s has Q Grant, CaL J T Sharp. Chlco
A S Bltlnger Cal. H A Kldder, Sacto
(larrj- L Ford. Cal. M B Webber. Los Ang
rfr.rry .Smith. Vallejo. I L Despaull, Kern
)scar B°ier. Lns Ar.g E R Brown &w. Sacto !
f Schilling, St Louis Dr G J Cox Sacto
K\ Griffin. Fresno R A Ducat, San Rafael !
L C Sihler & w. Wash G V Ducat. San Rafael :
3 D Bryan Jr, Fla B M James Cal
Rattle Harden, NT B A Gustave, Napa,
f B Eldnago. Napa
PALACE HOTEL. V
flies Small. Piedmont Miss Turnbull Md
U Bcbwerdeaky, N V Dr R B Warrield Md
X L 'liapman, Conn H Kind N V
[W Ady. Colo C Dunphy. Stanford
. P , All . y> CoX °r 3 w Wholes. England
X Harriaon. N F H Chadwlck, Eng
1 H Pitcher. Llvermr < A Bpreckela, Burlgm
» A Hmrhes". R'-no !Mrs Sprr-ckels. BurlKm
3 F Qood. Boston IK E Pierce. S.in Jose i
k Q Oaawn, 8 Die^o v Cnrtwrlßht. Belmont
? B Frost. Boston J X .lon-s. Pan J ,se
.v D Tobey. Canon Mr? Jone?. San Jose
Tobey, Carson \V D Spike, Tacoma
, A Hiitrhinson. N V IE F Earl Sacto
f B Qlbbon & w. L AlMrs E F Earl. Sacto
rf Z Oaborne, L Ang |w F Porter. L. Ang
Vlrs T H Gamtt Md IQ F de Ormea, Italy
GRAND HOTEL.
5 Mainhart. Cal jF Conella. Sonora
J A Hooper. Illinois J Condlt, Stockton
( U Hitt. Wash A Nelson, Cal
r W Pierce, Colo J G Estep. s & n. T\<=A
t\ Ma«ulr». Cal W Jensen, Victoria
X Wilholt&w, Stocktn G C Gibson Cal
JV. P McFaul, Cal I A O Power. Fresno '
V Woods. S L Oblspo H Cowlc6&w. Nevada
(V Watson, S Barbara I>r B Bond, Uklah
T. Stackpole. Alameda Dr Shearer. -w & c
F. Niekell, L Ans j Santa Rosa
S Kennedy. L An* IK Moore, Uklah
3 Edwards, Sn»rbara Heckle, Bofrus
Dr Johnson, N V r Ross, B Rosa j
Kinney. N V ';M Blrrs Jr. Ornvllle
T Harp<r. Cal I Johnston, I'klah
tV C Noble, L An» A H Ernst, t'klah
P Cooper & d, L Ang B F Dowell, • Cal
Fr P Ford, S Jose J C Hamilton. Cal
J Bowles, S Jose J Lewis. Martinez
B Kennedy. Cal Mrs Prinz. Monterey
C Fisher, Portland \C. Tattprson, Cal
Dr Mlller&w. Cleveld T I) Manson, Sacto
W Wilson. Victoria C E Rust. S Jo?e '
IV Smith. Berkeley B B Tuttle. Portland
W P Smith. Cal G Halsted. Austin
J Steele Coffee Creek - Capt Rogers, USA
A Rlfne&w. Martinez P. Toynazzlnl. Cal
M L Wnj-. Fresno ' F Fenfuson&w, Vallejo
Z Mugridge&w, Vallejo J O Derr & w. Stkn
II FCamp. Napa .
&EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Bessie Nelson to Simon Bauer, lot on E line
if Florida (Columbia) street, :18 N of Twenty-
Jrst, N 25 by E 100; $1600.
T. C. and Mary C. Lockeyer to George T.
Vrlfht. lot on N line of Twenty-sixth street.
CONFLICTING LAWS
CHECK THE RUSH
TO LAKE ATLIN
Miners Unwilling to Stake Out
Claims Under Present Con
ditions,
Doubt as to Whether the Diggings Are in British
Columbia or the British North
west Territory.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU, Sept. 7, by steamship City
of Topeka to Victoria, Sept. 10.— The
Call's special emissary to the new pla
cer diggings near Lake Atlin has re
turned with a report of the difficulties
there, and the news that many of the
original stampeders have gone back to
the coast towns until the situation is
straightened out, so as to give all an
equal chance on the ground and enough
of the surface to make it pay to stay
there. The matter will be laid before
the British Columbia Parliament at
Victoria next winter and favorable ac
tion is expected. Any other kind of
action, it is clear from the expressions
of experienced and conservative min
ers who have returned, would result in
depopulating the new settlements of
all except a few who have rich claims
and checking, if not entirely stopping,
explorations for gold in a new and
promising region.
It is not a question of whether there
is gold on the new creeks. Nuggets
with a great deal more value in them
than in $10 pieces have been taken out
and are still being found in the sluice
boxes. From this the size runs down
to fine gold. The trouble is over the
width of the claims.
At first it was generally understood,
after a review of the maps and before
there was time for a further investiga
tion, that the lake, and particularly its
eastern shore, up which the new dig
gings are located, were in British
Northwest Territory. But the Gold
Commissioner for British Columbia,
Major Rant, asserted that the creeks
were in British Columbia and took
possession without much dispute. The
few British Northwest, police on the
ground made way before him and re
tired. There is still some assertion
that the region is in the same territory
the Klondike is situated in and a de
mand for a further official survey to
determine the boundary. The settle
ment of this question involves the own
ership of heaps of gold for those who
were on the ground among the first and
were fortunate enough to stake good
claims.
A creek claii.i in British Northwest
Territory is 250 feet 'ong and running
from rim to rim thre* feeet above the
water level. "Lnder British Columbia
laws a creek claim is 100 feet long and
running from rim to rim. It is thus
apparent why it is hoped around the
campfires of the small army on the
banks of the placid Atlin that the di
mensions of claims shall be dictated at
Ottawa and not at Victoria. At the
general cost of working a claim it is
contended that 100 feet is not sufficient
ground to make it pay.
This is the situation which has pre
vented development work on hundreds
of prospects on the surface of which
colors have been found, but has not
stopped the continuance of work on
claims which are already panning out
well. The number of such claims does
not now exceed fifty.
Though many •re leaving the dig
gings and the rush has abated, still a
large number of men continue to go in.
Concerted and organized action will be
taken to lay the case before Ottawa
as well as the Victoria Parliament.
I<V3 W of Castro, W 22:10 by N 114: $5.
J. F. Upson to Margaret K. Smith, lot on NW
line of Clementina street, 150 NE of Fourth,
NE 26 by NW Ml; $I<l.
Estate of Robert H. Greene (by Richard M.
Greene (executor) to Richard Davis, lots 415 and
416, Gift Map 4; $M.
Richard and Catherine Davis to Sarah F.
Neale (wife of Georsre W), same; $*COO.
Alameda County.
J. A.ChriFtie to Horace G. Platt, lot on E
line of Chester, street. 650 N of Eighth, N
50 by E 125, Oakland: $10.
Mary C. and Manuel Silva to Rosa C. and
John B. Smith, lot on NE line of East Four
teenth street. 100 SE of Eighteenth avenue, SE
75 by NE 140. being lots B, 6 and 7, block 20.
San Antonio, East Oakland; $lfoo.
Charles L.. and Laura F. Dinpley to Brooklyn
Loan and Investment Association, lot on E cor
ner of East Nineteenth street and Sixteenth
avenue SE 225 by NE 110, block 45, same. East
Oakland; $2725.
Union Savings Bank to Edward L. and Amy
L Hotchklss. lot on SE line of Sixth avenue.
60 NE of East Eighteenth street. NE 50 by SE
150, block 10b, Clinton. r:a*t Oakland; $2300.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Myra A., Jennie P., Frnnk M., George. D. and
Fred A Greenwood, portion lot 35. In plat 27,
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township;
Jarnps R. and Margaret A. kittle to Samuel
.Tones" and Charles S. Olvens. lot on SE corner
«.f Delaware nml Grant, streets, X 270. E 50, N
135, E r.n N US, W 100 to beginning, being
portion Hardy Tract. Berkeley; SIOO.
Charles Babh to George D. Brisley. lot 12.
block B, Daly's resubdivlslon portion Robinson
Tract, quitclaim deed. Brooklyn Township; $25.
Oeorg-e D. Brisley to Wlllatz Johannsen,
same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles Rabb to same, lot 11, block B, Map
of reßUbdivlsion portion Robinson Tract, quit
claim deed, Brooklyn Township; 125.
Leland F. and Emma Clark to John H.
Scheel. lot on S line of Blossom street, 370 W
of Frultvale avenue. \V 33, S 113X2, E 25. N
113.93, to beginning, lot 10, Orchard Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $325.
Andrew Jones to Angflo Delmonte. lot 13.
block L; lot 9, block K. lot 21. blo.-k K. An
drew Jones' subdivision, Brooklyn Township;
$1000.
Same to John Russelll. lots 8 and 22, block
X, same, Hrooklyn Township; $r>o«.
James Flannrry (administrator of estate of
Mary L. Flannery) to I*. J. Tyrell, lot on W
line of Klrkham street. 1«5 S of TVnth. S 20:7 H.
W m:9\. N 21:10»*. E 16?:fl to beginning, block
Bfil. Elehth-strcet Tract. Oakland; $325.
J. H. and Minnie Dlngwell to W. F. and
Annie Oliver, lot on S .line of Thirty-fourth
Ftreet, 33:4 W of Magnolia. W 33:4 by S 100.
block 678. Watts Tract, Oakland; $10.
Brooklyn Investment nml Iy^an Association to
Joreph Westall, lot on E corner of East Nine
teenth street and Sixteenth avenue, SE 225 by
NE 140. block 45, San Antonio, East Oakland;
1267."..
A. P. and Mattle K. Mur«"otten to Mary A.
MurßOtten. lot 15, block 209R, Alden Tract at
Temescal, OaklaDd Annex: Klft.
Honura Kelley to Nell Kelley, lot on E line of
Dana ftreet. 44:10 N of Derby. N 44:10 by E
12r>, being lot 12, block M. Leonard Tract.
Berkeley; also lot on W line of Louisa street.
110 N of University avenue, N 37. 35. W 134 65
S 4C..99, E 13.". to hcßlnninß. being lot 12,
Twltchell Tract. Berkeley; |10.
Lewis C Smith to The Investors' and Pro
moters' Corporation, a rlßht of way for pipe
lines, pipes, water mains, etc., on lands for
merly occupied as rlue factory, and which
Is now owned by the Alvarado Artesian Water
Company, Washington Township; $1500.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
BREMEN-Salled Sept 10-Stmr Bremen,
for New York.
LIVERPOOI^-Salled Sopt 10-Stmr Belgen
land, for Philadelphia.
ANTWERP-Sailed Sept 10-Stmr Nordland,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Ce
phalonla, from Boston, for Liverpool and pro
ceeded.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Sept 9— Stmr Bovlp, for
New York.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr T'mbrla, for New York
NEW YORK— Sallftd Sept 10— Stmr Etrula!
Havre.
THE SAN FKAJV CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
Kobert Moore, an experienced miner of
Juneau, says:
"I do not think the ground as a rule
is rich enough to work under the Brit
ish Columbia laws. Of course there are
now some claims that are paying con
siderably more than wages. On the day
I left Miller and McKinnon took out a
nugget which weighed $15 60, which is
the largest yet found. They employ
three men and clean up from 27 to 30
ounces every three days, which is
pretty good for a starter. This is one
of the first claims staked. I looked
over two of the best creeks.
"The action of the railroad hands
who have stampeded in from Skagway
Is outrageous. They overrun the coun
try like a wild mob, knocking down
stakes that had already been located
by those who had preceded them, and
putting up stakes of their own. They
were on top for a while, but were pretty
soon called down for this, in some in
stances very forcibly. When we came
out we met a good many men still go
ing In, but the starch is pretty well
knocked out of the general outlook by
the mining laws, and a disappointment
over the surface prospects.
"About 1000 men are in there now.
There will be a winter camp all right,
but I do not think it will compare with
Dawson. At the mouth of Pine Creek
the largest camp is located. A few
stores are selling provisions and there
are some tents where liquor is sold."
The Juneau expedition under the
leadership of Surveyor A. E. Johnson,
sent out by the Chamber of Commerce
on August 18 to discover a short trail
to Lake Atlin, has returned and re
ports success. The object of the Cham
ber is to run small steamers to the head
of the Takou inlet and river, twelve
miles away, and then put on a pack
train over a portage about forty miles
to the lake. Others who composed the
expedition were Messrs. Pond and Hill
and several Indian packers. The dis
tance up the inlet to the mouth of Ta
kou River is seventeen miles; then
there are forty-two miles of summer
navigation for small steamers to Ink
lin River or South Forks, thence ten
to thirteen miles of trail or canoe to Sil
ver Salmon River, thence forty miles of
dry level gravel portage to Lake Atlin,
which the expedition traversed by well
denned Indian trails in eighteen hours.
Pine Creek is then eight miles away.
There are three small lakes and lots of
game on the trail. Mr. Johnson said:
"From the Silver Salmon it is a low,
open country with no noticeable di
vide. We get fresh moose meat from
the Indians, and also had plenty of
berries. There are oceans of fine grass.
It is the best trail for cattle I know of
in this section. In my judgment It Is
the easiest and quickest route to Lake
Atlin. The total distance from Juneau
is about 111 miles. A first-class horse
trail from the head of navigation
could be made for about $2000."
Last night at a meeting of the
Chamber of Commerce steps were
taken to raise money for the purpose
of improving this trail. A letter was
read at the meeting from Portland,
Or., projectors stating the capital Is,
since the failure of the Rtickeen River
railroad, being interested to construct
a railroad over the Takou trail to Lake
Toslin. which has long been considered
one of the shortest and most practic
able routes to the headwaters of the
Yukon.
COUNTY TICKET
ANTI-GANG FROM
TOP TO BOTTOM
Choice of Good Gov
ernment League.
SANTA CLARA TIRED OF REA
GRAND COMBINE TO DEFEAT
THE RINGSTERS.
Will Support the Republican State
Ticket — Stirring Speeches
Made at the Conven
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 10.— The Good Gov
ernment League county convention
practically finished its work of select
ing a county ticket to-da^ and at its
conclusion resolved itself into a ratifi
cation meeting of the State Republican
ticket.
This is the first ratification meeting
held in Santa Clara County since the
nomination of Gage for Governor, and
many Republicans about town are
highly pleased with the advance , step
taken by the league to-day. The failure
of the Rea County Central Committee
to ratify the State ticket is accredited
to the turning down «-' Rea's man Aus
tin for Secretary of State.
Henry T. Gage and the entire State
ticket received much praise, and the
sentiment expressed showed that the
Good Government League intends to
make a hard fight for the State Repub
lican ticket in Santa Clara County.
Speeches were made by Judge J. R.
Lewis, S. P. Sanders and D. H. Bryant.
B. D. Murphy, a prominent Democrat,
who was present in the hall, was called
to the platform. He praised the Good
Government League for Its effective
work in county politics, and urged it to
go right on purging the party of gang
methods. The speaker was loudly
cheered.
The nominations made to-day were:
Sheriff, James H. Lyndon; Auditor, A.
L, Veuve; Recorder, T. W. Treanor;
Coroner, Martin D. Kell; City Justice.
COMMODORE KAUTZ
TO COMMAND THE
PACIFIC STATION
flssigoed to Succeed Rear Ad
miral Miller, Who Will Soon
Retire.
Washington Authorities Have Several F^easons
for Keeping a Strong Naval Force
in trje Far East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Commodore Albert Kautz,
commandant of the naval station at
Newport, R. 1., has been definitely se
lected as the successor of Rear Admi
ral J. N. Miller In the command of the
Pacific station.
The formal announcement was made
at the Navy Department to-day that
the battleships Oregon and lowa would
be sent to the Pacific Coast and at
tached to the station there, and ar
rangements for their voyage are being
made by the department. These two
developments are significant as indi
cating the importance with which the
administration now .views the Pacific
station. The authorities appreciate
that the questions which will arise in
the Pacific during the next two years
will be of a character requiring the
closest attention, and they have been
careful to get a commanding officer in
whose Judgment they could place Im
plicit reliance.
There is danger of trouble arising
with Germany in Samoa, although the
Berlin Government appreciates that it
will be in a minority in questions which
may arise in view of the apparent pol
icy of Great Britain to accept the view
of the United Stales In matters affect-
W. T. Aggeler; Township Justices, J.
T. Wallace and E. M. Rosenthal; Con
stables, A. G. Hinman and R. L. Hen-
inger.
Nominations for the following offices
were made at the last meeting: Su
perior Judge, A. S. Kittredge; County
Clerk, H. A. Pf later; Treasurer, E.
W. (,'onant; Assessor, L. A. Spitzer;
Tax Collector, W. A. January; Super
intendent of Schools, L. J. Chtpman;
Surveyor, A. T. Herrimann; Super
visor, First District, R. M. Phelps.
The ticket completed to-day is the
strongest ever placed before the voters
of Santa Clara County, and is certain
of election. It is anti-gang from top
to bottom, and its victory means the
dethronement of Boss Rea. With few
exceptions the ticket is that of the
Populists. Democrats and Good Gov
ernment League.
The County Committee of twenty
five selected by the Good Government
League met after the convention and
organized. E. A. Hayes was elected
chairman, W. H. Wright vice-chair
man, and H. G. Squier secretary. A
committee of five, consisting of E. A.
Hayes, W. H. Wright. J. R. Johns, J.
R. Lewis and S. P. Sanders, was ap
pointed to wait upon the State Central
Committee and urge the recognition of
their County Committee.
The removal of the Rea County Com
mittee is deemed advisable in order to
secure the election of the legislative
ticket. Republicans all through the
county favor this move. The Good Gov
ernment League has not named a leg
islative ticket, hoping the State Com
mittee will interfere with Rea's candi
dates and thus insure a Republican leg
islative delegation from Santa Clara
County. ___________________
Charter Oak Meeting Ends.
HARTFORD, Conn., Pept. 10.— The Charter
Oak rare meeting eloped tn-dny. Summaries:
The Consolation, 2:17 trotting;, purse $2000—
Belle won second, third and fifth heats. Time.
2:l2<^. 2:11V4 and 2:l2Vi. Stamboulet won first
heat In 2:12. Success won fourth heat in 2:12\.
George, Othelle. Tsii? Timber, Battleton. Carey,
Spinalong, Nancy King, Ed Lock, Philip and
Timbrel also started.
The Hamlin, 2:11 trotting, purse $1500—Alci
dalla won first. fpcohil and fourth heats. Time,
2:11 H. 2:11^. 2:10 H. Grattan Boy won third
heat in 2:08%. Jasper Ayers third. Oeorgiana.
Louis Victor, Nemoline and Hansnilgre also
started.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN We will Save You with
CALTHOS, the Great French Remedy
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT SENT FREE
BY SEALED MAIL
No C. O. D. or Deposit Scheme
Jules Laborde, the great French physician,
has said: "The American uses up his health
to make money and then Is forced to spend ,
money in seeking to regain his health." True j
It is that the strain of business cares and the |
sexual excesses Incident to this nervous ten
sion—inherited or acquired— are fast wrecking I
the health of American men to-day. This !
alarming condition has long been fully under- j
stood by physicians and the greatest minds of j
the profession in this and foreign countries
have given their best efforts to meet It. It re
mained for France, the nation that leads the
world In scientific medical research, to dis
cover at last a specific that will supply to
the system those vital forces which men of this I
generation waste so wantonly In youth and I
early manhood.
Professor Laborde is the most eminent of all
his countrymen in this one great branch of
medical science. After many years expert- j
mentlng he discovered the preparation called
"CAI/THOS," which has created more talk
In medical circles than any other prepara
tion in the past fifty years. It is. in fact, J
such a certain cure for Lost Manhood and Sex
ual Weakness that the French and German }
governments have by law adopted It for use
in tlv-lr standing armies. That Is why the sol
diers of those countries are known the world
over as the finest specimens of manhood ever
seen.
The Yon Mohl Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, a
long-established house, who are the largest
Importers in the United States of standard
preparations, sent a representative to Europe j
to investigate the claims made for "C4L
THOS." Finding- the remedy all that physi- |
Ing the government of the Samoan Isl
ands. But the Washington authorities
apprehend that Germany, in her desire
to extend her territorial domain, may
go to extreme lengths and they are
prepared for emergencies. Commodore
Kautz will go overland to San Fran
cisco in October, by which time Rear
Admiral Miller will have reached that
port from Honolulu. Rear Admiral
Miller's retirement in November neces
sitates his detachment next month.
Commodore Harrison's name was men
tioned in connection with the Pacific
command, but the fact that he will re
tire a year hence prevented his selec
tion. Commodore Kautz was the next
officer of flag rank available, and after
considering his previous record he was
determined upon.
Eventually the two battle-ships will
be ordered to Honolulu, which will be
made by the Government the military
and naval base for operations in the
Philippines in case they should be ne
cessary.
Acting Secretary of War Meikeljnhn
said to-night that no orders for the dis
patch of troops from San Francisco to
Honolulu had been issued, but that the
troops may sail any day. The regi
ments will be among those now at San
Francisco, but as to the number to be
sent or which particular ones Secre
tary Meikeljohn could not now state.
VALLEY RAILROAD
REACHES TULARE
Citizens Jubilant Over
the Event.
DAWN OF A NEW ERA OPENS
PREPARING FOR A ROUSING
CELEBRATION.
Much Business Awaits the Line in
the Hauling of Stock, Fruit,
Hay, Grain and Other
Products.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TULARE, Sept. 10.— The Valley Road
has reached Tulare, and the people here
are happy. Competition, with all that
the term means, is at our door. The
tracks have been laid across those of
the Southern Pacific, and active build
ing; is going forward in the way of
pushing the line to the junction, four
teen miles west of Tulare.
Work will be commenced upon the
new depot as soon as the material can
be shipped in over the Valley line. The
depot will be a handsome one and will
be similar to those erected at Hanford
and Visalia. Sidetracks. passing
tracks and switches have all been put
in, and with the completion of the west
end of the road and the Tulare depot
all things will be in order for business.
Our celebration committee is at work
clans abroad claimed It was. the Yon Mohl
Co. secured the sole right to sell "t'ALTHOS"
In the United States. Upon the return of the
representative, preparations were made to put
the remedy In the hands of sufferers by a
plnn that is far-reaching, as deserved, and
extremely generous on the part of the Yon
Mohl Co. All persons who write this house,
no matter how prominent or how humble their
circumstances, will have the satisfaction to
know that they will be treated In a straightfor
ward, honorable way, and that their letters
will be read and preserved in perfect con
fidence.
Free Trial Treatment.
To prove the gTeat curative virtues of
"CALTHOB" we will send 'ree to all a five
days' trial treatment of it. It will be sent by
sealed mall in a plain wrapper. In the privacy
of- home it can be tried, and If the result is
an improvement in strength and vigor, the full
treatment of the preparation can be purchased
later. In any event, not a cent is to be paid
for the trial treatment. It is as free as air
to those who are weak because of bad habits
in youth, or excesses, or overwork, or business
troubles.
To be a vigorous, strong:, healthy, happy man
ll within the power of all. "CA -MO«"
will drive out weakness and give new life to
the various organs. It cures nine times in
ten. and always makes a great improvement in
those few cases where a complete cure is im
possible. Send to-day for the free five days'
treatment.
Address THE YON MOHL CO.. 641 B, Cincin
nati, Ohio. The largest Importers of standard
Preparations In the United States.
and Tulare will formally welcome the
Valley Road when the first regular
train arrives. We shall have a great
celebration, and quaint, quiet old Tu
lare on that day will "wake the
echoes."
The tracks of the Valley Road pass
within two blocks of the business cen
ter of the town, and the depot Is lo
cated upon the principal business
street. The town has kept faith with
the valley Road people, who will fare
well at the hands of Tulare.
Tulare has long been one of the best
shipping points in the valley, and with
her stock, fruit, grain and hay she
hopes in the future to keep the Valley
Road very busy.
A new era is dawning upon this val
ley, and the old order of things is
passing away.
MONSTER NUGGET
FOUND IN AUSTRALIA
Weighs a Hundred and Fifteen
Pounds and Is Worth Thirty-
Two Thousand Dollars.
VANCOUVER. Sept. 10.-Australlan ad
vices received here on the steamer Mio
wera say an immense sensation has been
created all over Australia by the discov
ery, near Lake Winne, of a g-old nugget
weighing 115 pounds and valued at $32 000
'me Queensland Government has given
notice of its readiness to contribute its
share of four-ninths of the cost of the
Pacific cable.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-102S Mission.
PROCLAMATION.
BTATE OP CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th. 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth di»y of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of ail the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor fhereof, proposed the followln* de-
•cribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONB.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
a.)
A resolution to propose to the people o* the
Btate of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constltu-
, tlon. ln relation to revenue and taxation, by
, which it is proposed to amend said section to
' read as follows-
t Pection 18. No county, city, town, township,
■ board of education or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability ln any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding ln any year
• the Income and revenue provided for It for
fsuch year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of en annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as It falU
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
Btruction of any sewer or sewers ln said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
■tatute of limitations shall apply ln any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, ln Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of Its watpr works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
•hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment i the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, article eleven thereof. pro-
Tiding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H- The Inhabitants of any county
m«i.y frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such countj', to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
eurh county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
•hall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not twn such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a generai or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without ]
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic lr.w thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth tho submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
Btatc?, the other, after being recorded in the
office of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
years, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
©resented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
others.
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion: for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputk-s that each offer shall have
nnd for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all board? of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also, to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partfei-
pnte in any primary election.
Whenever any ccunty has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out, adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid, the direction of sections four and
five oftthis article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and llkewlse'/providlng for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Fai;l county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herplnabnve provided for and de-
clared hy such county government act. nit b»
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors nnd ratified In the
manner herMnabove set fortn.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.) ....... . ,
, A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section.
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six thereby providing for the
organization of • a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. ■-. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: : . „•. . . .
Section 5V4. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
■who may be requested :by the Governor to hold
court at the regular, terms thereof. ■ The Court
of Claims Bhall. have, exclusive' Jurisdiction to
hear and determine : all claims I of every kind
and Character ! against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Vs Judgment thereon shall be final. The terma
of the ; Court •• of Clalms shall be held as fol-
lows:
♦K n the City of LoB Angeles, ; commencing on
the second Monday of March 1 °,
■-«™«ilf i Clty and County of San Francisco,
commencing :on the ; second Monday ;In July,
Ila Urn Cltjr Of B»crament commencing oa
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
"SUCCESSFUL DOCTORS"
MUST HAVE SUCCESSFUL REMEDIES
and successful method.*. This is why so
many physicians fail to succeed In the prac-
tice of medicine and why THE ENGLISH AND
GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS are know?
as "The Doctors That Cure."
Five Physicians— All Specialists. Estab-
lished 26 Years. Incorporated Under
the Lawsof California for $250 000
Catarrh in its various forms, consumption in
the first and second stages, all female diseases,
complaints and weaknesses, chronic diseases
generally and deformities yield quickiy to the
matchless remedies and successful methods or
these skilled physicians. Thousands of testi-
monials from patients cured in -California.
FRtc CONSULTATION.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS,
731 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
TAKE I Hours, Bto 12, Ito 5, dally
ELEVATOR | Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 11.
the second Monday of November of each year,
me Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
Bhall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury,
lne Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
t0 organize such court, to provide the pro-
# . U J7* th * rpn f and to carry out the prevision*
Of thla section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER POUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
Btnte of California an amendment ie the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article ele en.
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
a p , ro P° se<3 new section to read as follows:
Section 6%. The provisions of sectl ar four
anii Jive of this article shall not. nor snail any
legislation passed pursuant thereto apply *a
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
Eectlon seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
j=caie of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section tlxteen of article five of the
S'S!? s i lt . lltl . on of th * State of California, by
wnicn It Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section *15 A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
ofnee and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
tyZn* 16 In ,_ caße of tne impeachment of
Jn«h?.? Or J, or nls re moval from office, death,
I, abll 'l y t(> dlßch arge the powers and duties of
£♦!♦?£•' rpsi « fn atlon or absence from the
btate, the powers and duties of the office shall
r« m, U f P .°v n the Lteu tenant Governor /or th»
III?* °J *,h, he erm - or until tne disability sha.t
?mn£«.» A J? <1 /. houl<l the L!eu tenant Governor be
rT^.hi / dlf "P laced - resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office.
tlmn a , n A. fr ,5 m the state - the President pri
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un.
k» flif ac ? n .i y ln the office ot Governor shall
™»™k a i c T next neral election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until 8 C i dlsabilft y of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease, in case of a vacancy In tha
offlce of Governor for any of the reasons abovs
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor ii the President pro tempore of th ■ Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembl". until the offlce of Governor shall ba
filled at such general election.
■,; AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
<Betn« Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
<S(«t. n !?Pm t0 P °P° Be to the people of tha
state of California an amendment to section
«f'r!n Clt nln of the Constitution of the Stata
uFt ornla> relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section *' The public school system shall In-
clude primary B nd grammar schools, and such
.a.* 0 ? Ib \ evenln e schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and . grammar BC hools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized ln a
school district, or union of school districts
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an arr»ndment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read aa
fellows :
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the nrst Monday after the first day of Ja-nuai?
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain-
In session for twenty-five days, after which' it
must adjourn to some date not loss than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agres
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, -the Governor shall, by proclamation.
Nx a date for such reconvening, which sh-UI b«
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete lr» '
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five diys. and
no bill shall be Intrtduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenjty-flve days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of th«
■ members thereof. l
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th»
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act tD provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of that
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," spproved March 1, A. r>. ISS3,
the above-described proposed amendments ar»
hereby published arid advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th»
State, , at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER S. A. D. IS9S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter . may express his
choice as provided by law: V^ - '.
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41 •
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San F.anclaco, and ;.■ .
the existing indebtedness of the City Yea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its IT
i water works from the provisions, of N«
the Constitution requiring Buch claims "Z
1 to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate f '
: Constitutional Amendment No. io Tea
(providing • for framing local county/
government acts by inhabitants of K»
counties for their government).
For the .Amendment? -
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tm
against the State, and to consist of ■ .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to Berve without extra
compensation). ' ...
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Pour belne As '
sembly , Constitutional 'Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Te«
■ and counties organized or to be or- ■ — — -
ganized._ or holding- a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties)
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As- "
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3« (relating to office of Governor, Te«
providing for succession thereto in .
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number S x. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 3S Yea
(relating to and defining Grammar •- .
Schools). No
For the Amendment? [
Amendment Number Seven, being As- t''"- .
sembly. Constitutional Amendment
£<o. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yea
Legislature for . not less than thirty ' "
■ nor more than sixty days during each ■ No
session). -. . .
For the Amendment? ■,..'.' [.
■ c.^! ltness my hand and tne Great Sear of tha
state of ; California, the day and year herein
nrst above written
-a» .. . • JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
ISEAIiI L. M. BROWN. Secretary of State.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ECHO OF AN
OLD SCANDAL
Woodward Tells How
He Got Cash.
NO BRIBE FROM DINGEE
HIS FAMILY MADE MONEY
BAGS FOR THE MINT.
The Councilman Does Not Think He
Was Treated Right After
His Vote on Water
Rates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
EOS Broadway, Sept. 10.
Colonel George Hoguet, before the
Army and Navy Republican League, made
a statement that has renewed the Inter
est shown In Councilman Woodward a
ew^months ago. The colonel said:
"Now, let me tell you something which
Mayor W. R. Thomas has told me. You
know it was understood when E. W.
Woodward voted for the water ordinance
lost spring that money was paid him by
Dlngee. and that with it he fitted up a
house. That money, the Mayor ■ explains
to me, was earned by Woodward's family
■working in the mint. When Woodward
voted In the Council for that water bill,
hia stepdaughter was at once dismissed
from service in the mint. Woodward
went to Leach and asked the cause, and
Leach told him it was because ■he had
voted for the water bill. Now, that is
what your Mayor tells me, and he wanted
ycu to know the facts."
Councilman -Woodward .stated to-day
that Colonel Hoguet had slightly twisted
matters in his statement. " "The Inside
facts are these." said Mr. Woodward: "I
have a stepdaughter. Miss Florence
Atheam. and some little time ago when
we resided at i) 6 Thirteenth street I went
home one night and found at our house
two bolts or duck for. the purpose of i
making coin bags for the mint. I inquired
of Mrs. Woodward what the merchandise
meant, not having been informed of Its
coming. She stated that through the in
tercession of two very close friends with
Frank Leach the work of making these
bags had been procured for Miss Athearn.
Of course, this was news to me. and my
wife remarked that she thought she
would surprise me with the help ren
dered by our daughter and Mrs. Wood
ward. The work was done for a while
and orders were received repeatedly i
thereafter. The work was regarded the
best in this line and was satisfactory to
the storekeeper at the mint. " .
'•Soon after my appointment as City
Councilman the orders were all with
drawn, and my stepdaughter received no :
rr.nre merchandise for mittens or bags. \
Our people waited patiently from Feb- '■
ruary until June to learn the cause, and !
on June 10 I went to the mint to inter- !
view Mr. Leach. I met him in the hall !
and as<i.ed to see him just a moment, i
He replied he was very busy, and I told
him it would take only a second; that I;
simply wanted to ask him a question. ;
Then we went into his private office, i
where I asked: . ■■
"Did you withdraw the work that has i
been given to my sick stepdaughter on
account of the position I have taken on
the water question?' Mr. Leach replied
In the affirmative. Then I asked whether
he would continue to withdraw the pat
ronage from the sick girl for thoae rea
sons. I said that I would wait for him
to take the matter under consideration
for a reasonable time and that- I- would !
then decide what course I should take
in the premises. Mr. Leach said he had
given the stepdaughter the work on my I
account originally. That is too thin. I
never asked Mr. Leach for the favor, as
God is my judge. I was not that small
kind of a man to ask for work for my
stepdaughter. S--» far as seeking any- 1
thing Is concerned, I will say that I was
looking ior an appointment, but not un- '
der Mr. Leach nor through him. Now
these are the facts, free from all color
ing."
Mayor Thomas admits that he spoke
to Colonel Hoguet about Woodward. "It
wae on the day of the recent primaries,"
Bald the Mayor. "I remarked to Hoguet
that there had been a great d,eal of talk
about Woodward having received money
for his vote on the water question, since
he had fitted up his new house and had
obtained a release on hl3 furniture. 'But,' ■
eaid I, "Woodward told me that he had
obtained the release through money Mrs.
Woodward and the stepdaughter ha/1- re
ceived for making bags and mittens for ,
the United States Mint.' Of course I do
not know that Woodward ever got any I
money from Dingee, only I*»waj- the talk]
at that time."
Mr. Leach said to-night that he did not
care to say anything regarding Mr. j
Woodward or his doings.
- - - -
Hope for Tidal Canal.
OAKLAND. Sept. 10.— The announce
ment that Colonel Charles R. Suter, the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENTFREp^IN
Tie State Medical Institute Discovers a
Bexaarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDINQ FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
r«ir.edy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne. Ind It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
ther.srlves at home-
ly has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and eeems to act direct
to the desired location, piving strength ''■
nnd development just where it is needed. ',
It cure? all the ills and troupes that j
come from years of misuse *f the natural
us and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 132 First National Bank '
Building, Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack- j
ages will be complied with. The institute
la desirous of reaching that great class "
of men who are unable to leave home to :
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it Is to be |
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
•who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that Us recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay
AUCTION SALES.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE!
A C FREESE special administrator of the
estate" of Martin Mejrertwf. •i—eased. will sell
on Thursday, September 15, lOT, at 12 m., for
cash fubiect to confirmation by Superior
Court a grocery and liquor business situated
at southeast corner of deary an.l Mason streets.
San Francisco. Cal., and a lease of premises
whereon nuch business is located.
Full information may be obtained at room 35,
Chronicle buildingr, San Francisco, Cal.
A. C. r rtEESE.
Br^ial Administrator of the Estate of Martin
Meyerhof, deceased.
United States engineer in charge of the
Oakland harbor Improvements, had been
ordered East and will be succeeded by
Colonel Samuel M. Mansfield, who is now
' stationed at Boston, caused much sur-
I prise here. The principal interest excited
' by Colonel Suter's transfer is due to the
■ fact that he disagreed radically with
j Colonel Mendell, whom he succeeded re
garding the projected work. He had no
faith in the tidal canal project, to which
nel Mendell gave a great deal of at
:-.. and Suter's report recommending
that the canal be not completed excited
■ wrath in the city of Alameda. The
lents of the Encinal City look ahead
! now with renewed hopes.
VALENTIN:' HOME IN DISPUTE.
An Effort Made to Put the Widow
Out of the Place— Neighbors
to the Rescue.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 10.— W. T. Valentine,
who died in this city a week ago, left his
-ty in a queer condition, and as a re
sult an attempt was made to-day to force
the widow to leave the house by taking
all the furniture away from her. There
is no dispute as to the title to the prop
erty, it being conceded that it belongs to
the widow.
Valentine and his wife did not agree,
and some months ago, it is claimed, she
signed a quitclaim deed to her interest
in the community property in considera
tion of the sum of $1100. When Valentine
died Mrs. Valentine came over from San
Francisco, where she waa living with her
■.lighter, and remained in the family
home after the funeral. She applied for
letters of administration on the estate,
and the application is still pending.
Some time prior to his death Valentine
executed a deed to Thomas White, an
intimate friend, conveying the house and
lot to him. Mrs. Valentine, however,
claims that this deed is Invalid and took
possession of the house, while White aiso
occupied a room in it.
ilrs. Valentine says that White asked
ht-r yesterday to sign a quitclaim deed to
him for the real property, promising in
return not to oppose the granting of let
ters to her when the case comes up on
Monday. This Mrs. Valentine refused to
do.
Early this morning, while Mrs. Valen
tine was getting her breakfast, several
men rushed into the house, without
knocking or otherwise applying for ad
mission, and while two or them, armed
with canes, stood guard over her. the
others, under direction of White, tore up
the carpets, quickly loaded the furniture
and belongings on wagons, and took it off
■to a warehouse.
It was evidently the idea that if the
furniture were taken away Mrs. Valen
would have to abandon the house.
But in this White and his men were dis
appointed. Mrs. Valentine absolutely re
fused to leave the premises, and declared
-he and her daughter would sleep on
the bare floor if necessary in order to re
tain possession of the place. But they
were not obliged to do this. As soon as
the neighbors heard of the affair they
took food to the two women and bedding
was also furnished them from the same
source so that they might sleep there in
comfort. Mrs. Valentine declares her in
tention to hold the fort and says that if
she had been armed she would have shot
the first man who Intruded or dared to
lay a hand on her furniture without her
permission. Some lively litigation is ex
pected before the matter is settled. The
property in dispute is worth about $4000.
CUVELLIER'S VIEWS ARE
STRONGLY INDORSED
PRESIDENT JORDAN GUARDED
IN HIS REMARKS.
Many Parents Want a Change — John
P. Irish on the Demagogic
View.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Sept. 10.
President Jordan of Stanford University
has entered into the controversy of the
Oakland" 1 schools. ..This evening the Trib
une published the following letter:.
' I do not feel any call to discuss the matter,
which is one of which I have not much direct
personal knowledge.
I have, hcvrever. placed the communication
in the hands of Mr. Cubberley, our assistant
professor of education, who may feel like say
ing something' about It.
1 am correctly quoted as saying that young:
children ought not to be required to do school
"work by" artificial light. That' statement re
garding pupils coming from the city high
schools is, however, made too sweeping.
Our representatives from the Oakiax.d High
School have been for the most part students
of high gTade.
. There is no doubt that the colleges in In
sisting on certain technical requirements have
often added to the difficulty of shaping the
high school to the needs of the people.
There is no doubt that the best training for
actual life and the best training for college
ought to be identical.
■ But the collegee have not demanded what
ie really the best training. They have rather
called for the preparation which is most easily
measured. On the other hand the public has
shown very crude notions of what Is wanted
for practical affairs. -
Very truly yours.
DAVID S. JORDAN.
Councilman Cuveuier. whose strongly
worded circular called forth the discus
sion. is receiving . many letters from
parents, all of whom heartily approve of
his stand. Superintendent S. B. MeLenegan
of the Hay wards electric road says the
statements of Cuvelller voice the senti
ments of thousands.
Rector F. J. Mynard of St. John's pays
that In his parish calls he has seen enough
to convince him that radical changes are
necessary- Judge Fred V. Wood says he
indorses cry word of the circular. Ed
ward S. Finch sav3 the criticism is honest
and tnithfil. E. T. Henshaw admires
Ciivellier for his backbone to go before the
Board of Education and read his letter.
Mrs. A. R. Wood says that the Board of
Education should obtain a consensus of
opinion from parents and teachers on this
subject and It would give them the sur
prise of their lives.
John P. Irish expresses the following
views:
I have read ' with interest the new contro
versy over an old Issue,' that has been roused
by Mr. Cuvellier's paper on the Oakland
schools. This issue was Joined forty years ago.
The president of one of the great State uni
versities in the East, in a commencement ad
dress, long ago, took up the subject -of
using the common schools as preparatory
schools for the State universities.- and op
posed it. His grounds were that our common
school system, as Its name Implies, is Ito im
part that education which can be common : to
all. He declared . the purpose of the common
schools to be the thorough training of pupils
in reading, writing, and spelling the English
language, and the rudiments of Its grammar,
In arithmetic and geography. If a pupil desire
academic or collegiate education above these ;
fundamental branches, let him use the train- j
Ing their acquisition gave his mind to prepare
for the higher culture.
I heard that address and witnessed the dema
gogue clamor which followed. The champion |
of the poor man was Immediately In evidence,
enduring vicariously the sorrows of the poor
and incidentally running for office. The presi- '
dent of the university was speedily run out of
his position and out of the State. He was de
nounced as an aristocrat who sought to deprive j
the poor man's child of the "higher education."
The plain people were appealed to, to rally for '
their rights and elect only their friends to
office, and they rallied, with the result that
throughout the East the primordial purpose
of the common schools, to give a complete edu- i
cation to all comers in the branches upon '•
which all culture is founded, was lost sight of
entirely, and the curriculum was loaded with
studies preparatory to the university. - *■■,
For two score years this process has gone on.
The friends ■' of. the poor man have had their
■way, until Just what that wise old university
president predicted has come to pass. The
ptrtCcy demanded in behalf of the poor man has
proved to be his undoing, and instead of open- ;
ing to his child an easy path to the higher edu- !
cation, is making It less easy for him to get j
any education at all. •
The expected having happened, the dema- j
gogue is again in evidence, weeping proxy
tears for ' the sorrows of the poor, who are '
victims of a policy ordered Into being by dema
gogues In the Interest of their class, • less than
half a century ago. :
It Is unwise to individualize the Oakland ;
schools in this matter: it is folly to call upon
the Oakland School Board the contempt' of tfie ''
city. Our schools are part of a systam - which
the board. cannot change. It was the fruit oi
demagogy.' and in changing it back to the sane i
yystem of the pa«t the demagogue comes again '
as an impediment, a damage and a danger. '
unwisely discussing wise things and inviting
the activity of bigotry to give such impulse to I
a movement as to endanger turning the, reform !
of the schools ; into their destruction. - •-. ■
Could Not Convict.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— Jack Rodden and
A. L. Walsh, charged with assaulting a
bartender. Julius Lefleur, with a deadly
weapon at a long wharf saloon last July,
were found "not guilty" in Jndge Wood's |
eoart this morning, the cases being dls- I
missed owing to a lack of sufficient evl- I
dence.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
DR. ROSS IS
NOT UNKNOWN
His Second Wife Tells
of His Resources.
BOUGHT HIM A DIPLOMA
CREDITORS REACH FROM TA
COMA TO PASO ROBLES.
Was Quite a Dude in Oakland, but
Two Years Ago Could Not
Purchase a Marriage
License.
<-> i t a o t^ ,i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 10.
A former wife of Dr. A. Ross, who now i
llves on Powell street, San Francisco, was j
somewhat surprised to learn that the doc- ■
tor had recently been In Oakland, from '
which city he disappeared forgetting to |
secle up with his landlady and others. !
Dr. Ross Is evidently a man of great '
resources in the matter of being able to ■
tax the resources of others.
"I met Dr. Ross," says his second wife,
from whom he was divorced some time
ago, '"at a doctor's office in Seattle. He :
had not long been divorced from his first
wife. He was rather a seedy looking fel- '.
low, poorly dressed and wore old shoes.
I do not know why I was attracted to ■
him, but he had a very pleasant, plausible
manner and was very' gentlemanly. When
we were married he had not a cent, and
I bought the wedding ring, and the tailor
in Tacoma is still mourning that he mads
the wedding suit. This was in August, ,
1896. We lived together for five months,
but when we came to San Frantysco he
bought out a drug store on Powell and
OFarrell streets, but a settlement has not
yet been made. He bought his diploma
to Philadelphia for $25, with money that
I gave him. On the day of our wedding
he could not even raise enough to buy
the license.
"At Paso Robles he had an experience '
with a Dr. Steiner, and I understand that
Mr. Ruggles, an Oakland capitalist, :
brought him to Oakland from Paso ,
Robles. He has had many experiences
around the bay. His scenes of difficulty
embrace the Winchester House on Third
■tract, the Yosemite House and the Bald- >
win Hotel, at which last place I paid the
board bill to save further trouble.
"When I got my divorce I was awarded
$30 per month alimony, but I have not
yet nad a cent and did not know where
the doctor was until I read of his experi
ence in Oakland. The doctor Is a very*
shrewd fellow and I am sorry that I ever
met him. I understand that while in ■
Oakland he was a perfect dude and cut
quite a dash I can well imagine how
he did it. My experience with him was
very expensive, but left me considerably
wiser. I understand that Mrs. Req.ua has
in her possession some of the doctor's
property, and I am thinking of attach
ing It to satisfy my claim for delinquent ;
alimony."
PARK LOST HIS JOB.
Miss Dille Kestores His Ring, but
Persists in Believing She
Was Drugged.
OAKLAND. Sept. 10— Edward Park,
.the California-street motorman, has lost
his Job because of his treatment of Miss
Jane Dille, and he furthermore knovf
what the Oakland police department
thinks of him. He came from San Fran
cisco to-day and asked the police to give
him the ring which was found on Miss
Dille. The request was refused unless he
should produce an order from the lady.
Miss Dille very willingly returned the
gilt and Park was given the ring. Park
also told Sergeant Morrison that he had
lost his job because of the letter written
to the superintendent.
In an interview to-day Miss Dille said:
"Park and I used to go together, but as
my mother never approved of our engage
ment it was broken off. I have been mar
ried and divorced since then and had lost
track of Ed.
"He learned my address from some one
recently, and called on me when 1 was
out. As he lefjt his addrefc I wrote him a
note saying I was sorry he had missed
me. By return mail a note came saying
he would be over Thursday evening. I
wish now he had not come. He arrived
about 9 o'clock at the house of my friend
where I am stopping, and while we were
talking over old times I said: 'You have
a pretty ring,' and started to take It off.
He said: 'Don't take It off, Flo, it will
cut our friendship." He then took It off
his finger and put it on mine. After some
further conversation he asked me to go
with him to a restaurant for something
to eat. I refused. He Insisted, and so we
went to the Market-street restaurant,
where we took a private room. Ed or
dered oysters for two, and asked me what
I would have to drink.
"After the first drink he twitted me
with not being game, and said If I wanted
to be a sport I would have to drink whis
ky. I took whisky, and everything is a
perfect blank from that time till I awoke
in jail. I am sure I was drugged."
High School Athletes.
BERKELEY. Sept. 10.— The athletes of
the Oakland High School held a try-out
field day this afternoon on the University
of California tracks. The contest was
held between the members of the senior
class and those of the middle and junior
classes. The events showed that the
school has some promising material, but
the men hardly uame up to what was
expected of them. The feature of the
day was a one mile relay race between
the high and low seniors, won by the lat
ter in a close finish. The events were as
follows:
100-yard dash— Woodrum. Sldge, Jacobus
Time. 10 4-5 sec.
120-yard hurdle — Hendrickson, Sumner. Time
20 sec.
880-yard run— Jackson. Time, 2 mm. and 40
sec.
Mile walk— Griffin, Munsell. Time, 8 mln. and
25 sec.
220 yard dash— Cadogan, Sumnsr, Cooley '
Time. 24 sec. j
Mile run— dough, Jackson, Pulcifer. Time, i
5 mm. and 38 sec.
440-yard dash— Oadogan, Harris. Jacobus
Time, 56 sec. j
High Jump— Cooley, Sumner, Jackson. S feet :
2>4 Inches.
Broad Jump — Cadogan, Cooley, Wills. 20 feet
5 inches.
12-pound shot put— Woodrum, Hendrlckson i
Slavich. 40 feet 5 inches.
12-pound hammer throw— Woodrum, Slavlch i
Wills. Distance 134 feet.
Berkeley News Notes,
BERKELEY, Sept. 10.— President Mar
tin J. Kellogg of the University of Cali
fornia has left for Sacramento to attend
the session of the State Board of Educa- I
tlon, of which he is an ex-officio member
Secretary' E. W. Davis of the Board of
Regents of the University of California .
has returned to Berkeley for a. few days
Be is recovering rapidly from his recent i
Illness.
While driving home from the wharf at
West Berkeley this morning T. Weisend
ger had a narrow escape from death
Without seeing an approaching train he
started to cross the track. The engine
struck the horse and killed it. Weisend
ger was thrown from the wagon, but for- i
tunately sustained no serious injuries. He I
claims that he did not hear the train
coming.
Berkeley Council No. 80S of the Na
tional Union will give another of Its popu
lar smokers in its hall on the night of the
19th lnst. under the direction of Joe Mills .
M. M. Samson Arrested.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— M. M. Samson
proprietor of the market that supplied In
fected and diseased meat to the soicilers
at Camp Barrett recently, was arrested
this morning on the warrant sworn out in
Justice Lawrence's court. East Oakland
by Health Officer Dunn, charging him
with misdemeanor. Samson immediately
gave bail in the sum of $200. He will
probably be arraigned and his case set for
trial next Monday.
McKinley Is Invited.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— The Board of
Trade has sent an invitation to Presi
dent McKinley cordially inviting him to
visit this city and State while on his
Western tour, advising the executive that
while "our people are few in number, yet
we have a country fairer than Italy and
capable of supporting a population equal
to that of France."
TO BE BURIED IN STATE.
The Late F. X. Shattuck Will Be
Laid to Rest To-Morrow With
Masonic Ceremonies.
BERKELEY, Sept. 10.— The remains of
the late F. K. Shattuck of Berkeley, who
passed away yesterday, will be laid to
rest to-morrow afternoon in Mountain
View Cemetery- Private services will be
held at the residence on Shattuck avenue
at 2 o'clock. The Rev. George B. Hatch
of the First Congregational Church and
Rev. Dr. Moore of the Pacific Theological
Seminary, Oakland, have been asked to.
officiate. The ceremonies at Mountain
View Cemetery will be under the aus
pices of Live Oak Lodge, F. and A. M.
The Masons will assemble at the Masonic
Temple, corner of Twelfth and Washing
ton streets, Oakland, and proceed by spe
cial car to the cemetery' gate.
Pall bearers have been chosen as fol
lows: A. W. Kaylor and J. L. Barker,
from the Berkeley Commercial Bank; W.
G. Palmanteer and Thomas Crellln. from
the Central Bank of Oakland; Samuel P.
Hall, John R. Glascock. John Marsh, and
C. E. Gillet, from the Masonic lodge.
BADLY MANGLED REMAINS.
Grewsome Discovery Made by a
Switchman at the West Oak
, _  , _ . >
land Railroad Yards.
OAKLAND. Sept. 10.—Switchman Cron-
In, at the West Oakland railroad yards,
made a grewsome discovery at 5 o'clock
this morning of badly mangled remains of
a man scattered along the track of the
main line for a distance of over a block;
the head was severed from the body,
Coroner Baldwin was immediately notified
and the remains were taken to the
Morgue by Deputy Quellen. From papers
found near the remains it is believed that
the man's name is James Hennessey, of
SS6 Illinois street. San Francisco; a poll
tax receipt showing that he was an em
ploye at the Union Iron Works last April.
A library ticket was also found. Deceased
wore a pepper and salt suit, not new. He
was apparently 30 years of age.
It Is supposed that the man weus run
over after midnight, for at that time the
track was found all right, and what he
was doing in the railroad yards is a mys
tery. The inquest will be held next Mon
day night.
TUMBLED OUT OF
THE SECOND STORY
AGED JOHN EADE MEETS DEATH
BY A FALL.
The Man Was Intoxicated, Dropped
Into a Chair and Rolled Out
of a Window.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— John Eade, an
aged carpenter, fell from a second-story
window of the Newland House, corner of
Seventh and Washington streets, at 5:30
this afternoon and died from his injuries
while being taken to the Receiving Hos
pital.
Deceased had been a hard drinker of
late, and this afternoon he staggered into
the kitchen of the landlady, Mrs. Hayes,
on the second floor. The window at the
rear of the kitchen was open, and near
the low sill stood a chair. Eade dropped
into this carelessly and it tilted back,
throwing him out through the window
into the alley in the rear of Mrs. G. Ed
wards' candy-store, a distance of twenty
feet. His neck was broken and also sev
eral ribs. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the patrol-wagon, but died on
the journey thither.
Coroner Baldwin was Immediately noti
fied and the remains were removed to the
Morgue. The inquest will be held next
Monday evening.
Deceased was a native of Kentucky,
aged over 60 years. He is believed to oe
a widower and leave? a married daughter.
A Pastorate Closed.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 10.— To-morrow even
ing at the First Methodist Church will be
celebrated the forty-fifth anniversary of
the founding of that organization. Ap
propriate exercises will be held in honor
of the occasion. At the same time will
be terminated the pastorate of the Rev.
F. D. Bovard over the church. He has
been the pastor for five years, and in
accordance with the rule of his church he
must now be transferred to another lo-
; cation.
On Thursday evening a farewell recep
: tion was tendered the retiring pastor and
his family at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Pollard, 2429 Central avenue,
at which a handsome purse well filled
with gold coin was presented to him on
behalf of his parishioners as a token of
their kindly feeling. Farewell speeches
were made and feelings of regret ex
pressed at the termination of a relation
ship which had been so mutually agree
able.
The New Army Engineer.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 10.— The news of the
transfer of Colonel Suter to Boston and
the coming- here of Colonel Mansfield, in.
his place, is received with pleasure by
the people of Alameda. They do not
know why the change has been made and
have had no hand In it so far as known,
but they regard Suter as inimical to the
interests of this city, as he has demon
strated by his action in condemning- the
tidal canal project and his recommenda
tion of discontinuance of the work. They
believe that the new engineer will recog
nize the great utility of the work, and
that he will not advise the abandonment
of work which has already cost the Gov
ernment hundreds of thousands of dollars
and which can be completed for a moder
ate amount in addition.
Fell Eighteen Feet.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— John P. Hayes, a
plumber residing- at North Temescal,
while doing some repairing on a house at
Twelfth and Filbert streets this after
boob, fell a distatnce of eighteen feet and
sustained a contusion of the spine. He '
was taken to the Receiving" Hospital,
where he was treated by Dr. Stratton, :
who does not regard ht3 injury as serious.
Hayes was standing on a ladder and was i
holding to a cornice. The latter broke ,
and caused him to fall.
A Pioneer Bead.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— Leander Fisk, a
long-time resident of this city, died sud
denly at his residence this afternoon, of
heart disease. Deceased was a pioneer
and a veteran of the Mexican War. He
was a brother of General Clinton B. Fisk.
so prominent in church, educational and
temperance work, and who was once the
candidate of the Prohibition party for
President. A widow and an adopted
daughter constitute the surviving .family.
Drawing Teacher Resigns.
OAKLAND, Sept. V).— Paul A. Gavin,
for many years drawing instructor In the
School Department, will probably tender
hia resignation at the next meeting of
the Board of Education to accept a more
lucrative position in the San Francisco
School Department.
Freight Cars "Wrecked.
OAKLAND. Sept. 10.— Several cars of a
freight train were wrecked near Mendota
this morning, but no one was injured, and
the wrecking train was immediately dis
patched from the mole to clear the track.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— J. T. Latimer, an
old resident and grocer here, died last '
night. He was a deacon of the First
Baptist Church, and was over 70 years of i
age.
J. S. McCully has been appointed a deo- I
uty by Sheriff Calvin B. White.
Judge Greene has granted a divorce to •
Minnie Short from Sam Short on the
ground of willful neglect with the privi
lege of resuming maiden name of Smith.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock commem
orative services will be held by the
Masonic lodges of bay cities at the grave
of J. C. Ainsworth in Mountain view
Cemetery/ Fifty years ago the first lodge
on the Pacific Coast was founded and
Mr. Ainsworth was the first master.
Charged With Burglary.
E. Cosgrove, a teamster for the Over
land Warehouse Company, Fifth and
Bluxome streets, was arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning by Detectives
Ryan and ODea on a charge of burglary.
Cosgrove is accused of breaking into the
company's stables Friday night and
stealing a set ojf harness which he sold to
a second-hand dealer at 248 Third street.
THIS DAYS AT THE CHURCHES
Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A.
[Morning— "The Pre«ent-Afterward." Even-
Ing— "A Mocking Fool," with a prelude-
I on "The Czar of Russia and Universal
! Peace."
German Baptist, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. L.
! Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening—
i Praise service.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street.
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. G. Gibson.-
Morning— "My Peace."
Hath Believed?"
Evening— ""Who
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street.
Etelner.
Rev. W. C Jenkiß*.
Morning— Worship and preaching.
Ing— "The Botkln Case— a C
Study."
St. Agnes Church. Masonic avenue.
Page and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Klrtnr.
Morning— High mass and sermon,
ing — Vespers and benediction.
Father P. J.
Morning— High mass and sermon by
of the priests of the community. Eve
— Sermon and vespers.
Bt. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent —
torning— High mass and sermon.
—Vespers.
Et. Brigid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way.
Father Cottle .—
Corning — Sermon on the Gospel. i
— Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Christi, Alemany and
Croke streets.
loratng- High mass and sermon by Fi
C&sslnl. Evening — i p. m., vespers,
mon and benediction.
Bt. Charles,
streets.
! Morning— High massV-t 10:30 o'clock.
i ing— vespers and sermon.
Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets.
Rev. Plus Murphy
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
the priests of the community at U o'clo<
Evening — Roeary and sermon.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher.
i Morning — Sermon and high mass.
j —Sermon on the Gospel.
AH Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street.
Rev. D. O. Sullivan
t Morning— High mass and sermon at
j o'clock. Evening— Sermon, vespers c
i benediction.
St. Jgnatlus, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
itrtet:
i Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Sard
j J. Evening— Sermon by Rev. Father
! honey.
St. Jama*,
streets.
Twenty-third and
Father P. R.
mass and sermon.
— Sermon.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P.
Morning— Services at 10:30 o'clock,
ing — Sermon and vespers.
St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue
6'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergaat, V. O
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock and
sermon by one of the priests of the part!
Evening — Vespers, benediction and sermc
St. Mary's Church, California and
streets.
Paullst Fathers
; Morning— High matt at 11 o'clock.
I ing — Sermon, and vespers.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
i Morning — High mass and a sermon on
; Gospel. Evening— Vespers, benediction
' sermon.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Church
Father Connolly
i mass at 10:30 o'clock,
and vespers.
Sta. Peter and Paul. Filbert and
streets.
Morning — Sermon in Italian
, priests of the community.
i mon and vespers.
one of
St. Peter's, Alabama str«et, near
fourth.
Father P. S. Casey,
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. E
I Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's. Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent ~.
ling — High mass and sermon,
'espers and benediction.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue.
Father C0y1e....
Morning — Sermon and high mass at
I o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the p
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets.
Rev. P. C. O'Connell .'.
Morning — Sermon by the pastor on the
'. Ject of "Death of the Just Man."
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street,
Stockton.
Mar-.s: Fathers
Morning — High mass and sermon in Ft
by one of the priests of the con
nity. Evening— Vespers and sermon.
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. F. S. Ford
| Morning— "Tenting To»ward Sodo:
I Worldly Christians." Evening—'
' wide Gospel."
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devisadero.
Rev. W. A.
Morning — Sermon by Chaplain
of the Twentieth Kansas
Evening — Sermon by Chaplain
the First Tennessee Regiment.
Bethany Congregational,
near Twenty-flfth.
Bartlett street.
Rev. W. C.
Morning — Sermon by Rev. F. B.
Evening — Same.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubb
Corning — "Whosoever Drlnketh of
Water Shall Never Thirst." Even!
' Bo Moses Lifted Up the eerpont In
Wilderness."
• • - • -_ • •
•;•-..-.••-. . ■ . .
. . - . ■ ■ i
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
apd Clement street.
Rev. P, Coombe
Morning— "God Our Ever
Evening — "The Great
nvnt."
rlastini
First
Oilvet Congregational. Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Morning— "Truth."
Evening— "Greatness.
First Congregational,
streets.
Post
and
Rev. G. C. Adams
Morning — Divine service at 11 o'clock,
ing— Prayer service and sermon.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mieslon.
Rev. William Rader
Morning — "The Plowman Who B<
Prophet." Evening— "What Is
tlon?"
Plymouth Congregational, Post street.
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherington
Morning — Sermon by the pastor.
— Same.
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets.
Rev. R. C. Foute
forning — Communion service at 11 o'c;
Evening— Festival service followed by
mon.
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh street.
B«v. J. A. Emery
by the rector.
service.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Cl*y
street.
Rev. W. H.
loralng — Sermon and communion service.
Evening— Sermon and prayer service.
St, Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelley
Morning— Special service for the soldiers.
Evening— Se; man and Instruction.
t. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B.
...........
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
t. Mary the Virgin,
streets.
Union and
Rev. H. Parrish..-
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
Evening — Evensong and sermon at 8.
t. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets.
Rev. M. D.
n of holy communion
at 11. Evening — Even-
with
song.
,'s Episcopal. California street.
Rev. W. M&xwell Reiliy
tornlng— Communion at 7: JO o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and sermon.
Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. C. Cooke
j Morning — Holy communion at U.
! ing — Sermon.
Even-
Evangelical Emmanuel
and Stevenson etreets.
Church,
Rev. F. W. Fischer.
"The Problem of the Age." Even-
ighty Awakening."
ing -":
Lutheran, Geary street.
Rev. E. Nelander r
Morning— "The Kings Highway." Evening
; — "Tr.e Voices of the Streets."
Street M. E. Church, California
ierick streets.
Rev. J. N. Phelpa ..i
Mm ing— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—The recital of prayer and a sermon.
lethei African M. E. Church. Powell street,
near Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
Morning— "Men Saved by Hope. Not by
Fear." Evening"— "Proud Jezebel Eaten
rj Dogs."
'entral Methodist Episcopal
Bion street, between Sixth a
Rev. C. E.
■ning— "The Surprises of Eternity."
vening— "Music as a Factor In the
'orld's Elevation."
M. .E. Church,
Dn streets. ■
Powell and
Rev. W. S. Unnjr.
loming — Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
•Uteenth Avenue M. E. Church. Fifteenth
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
• service at 11 o'clock. Even-
followed by religious In-
[race Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N. Beard....
by the rector. Evening
toward Street ML E. Church,
street, near Third.
Rev. J. A. B.
forning— Sermon by Bishop John F. Hurst
of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
otrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and
streets.
Rev. D. W.
Morning — Sabbath service at 11. Evening
— Sermon and instruction at 8 o'clock by
the pastor.
Methodist, Fourth avenue
street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
Morning— Services at 11. Evening— Prayer
service, followed by sermon.
M. E. Church. Bush street,
sugh and Octavla.
Rev. C. R. Rlddtck
i Morning — Sermon by the rector.
; Same.
Evening —
M. E. Church. Church and Twen-
i streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
•ial M. E. Church,
streets.
Rev. J. Stephens '
Morning — Sermon by Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.
Evening— "Making the Most of Tour
' Life."
tarr King A. M. E. Zion CMirch, Stockton
street, near Clay.
Rev. F. Brunn
Morning — Sermon by Dr. Brunn. Evening —
I "God' 3 Question and Cain's Answer."
Street Presbyterian, Franklin and
streets.
Rev. D. James
Morning— 'Prepare to Meet Thy God."
Evening — "Morning and Evening Prayer."
'alvary Presbyterian, Geary and
Rev. J. Hemphill
Morning — Divine services at 11 o'clock.
t Evening— Sermon by the rector.
streets.
Irst Presbyterian Church. Van Ness
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R.
Morning — Sermon by Dr. Mackenzie. Even-
i ing — Sermon on the subject of the
I "Greatness of Men."
Presbyterian, Golden Gate
Polk street.
Morning— Religious services at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Sermon by the rector.
t. John's Presbyterian.
Octavla streets.
Rev. R. Llddeii
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
—Same.
Evening
- - ■ *■ ■-.-'■• >-:-.:■-. ■• ■' .-•
yterian Church, Sanchez and
streets.
Morning— Rev. J. V. Miiligan of Eilensburg,
i Wash., will preach. Evening — Same.
Presbyterian,
avenues.
Eighteenth
and
Rev. H. N. Bevler i
Morning— "Jephtha's Daughter." Evening —
| "Religion in California."
Presbyterian, Harrison street,
Rev. F. A. Doana
'■ Morning — Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
! vice. Evening— Sermon by the rector.
toward Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak and
Rev. F. R.
'Morning— "Striking Contrast of Two Noted
j Characters." Evening— Praise service and
i special sermon.
tewart Memorial U. P. Church.
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E. Dugan j
Morning— "The Gold of Christian Charac-
ter." Evening— "Mysteries of Life and
Limitations of the Human Intellect."
■ •.'■ ..-. . -......:,■.
Twenty-third and
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
—Same.
Evening
SVestminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets.
Rev. S. S.
Morning — "The Millennium; or the World's
; Sabbath." Evening— "There Were Ninety
i and Nine, etc.," with a prelude on the
1 "Philippines."
Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets.
Rev. Dr. Stebblna ;
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock: morn-
i ing service at 11. Evening— There wiil be
I no service.
econd Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth and
Rev. A. J. Wells
Morning— "Where We Find the Grace of
Gc*l." Evening:— "The Best Knowledge."
Anshay Sfaro, 939 Howard
Rev. E. Berman !
j Morning— A Slum Hatorah and sermon by
! Dr. Berman.
. M. O. A., Mason and Ellis streets.
It
Rev. W. M. Woodward !
p. m.— "The Power and Victory of Faith."
1516
MRS. CARTER
WAS LEES'
LATEST HOPE
Mrs. Botkin Visited
Her August 3.
BUT THAT WAS ABOUT ALL
GOVERNOR BUDD SETS TUESDAY
TOR THE HEARING.
He Will Hold an Open Session at the
Palace Hotel — Gathering Up
the Last Threads of
the Case.
Another witness has "broken Into"
the case against Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
and the record of the new evidence was
filed yesterday with the numerous
other statements that Chief Lees has
been preparing for the consideration of
Governor Budd.
The new affidavit is not the corpulent
document that the prosecution had
hoped it would be, nor does the story
it tells strengthen to the extent that
was expected the case of the pros
ecution against the prisoner.
It recites, in fact, that on the after
noon of August 3, Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
called upon Mrs. J. M. Carter at her
apartments at the Hotel Wentworth on
Bush street. Of the conversation that
ensued Mrs. Carter retained no clear
remembrance except that Mrs. Botkin
announced upon taking leave that on
tho next day she expected to leave for
Healdsburg, and bade her friend good
by.
Though it had been the custom of
Mrs. Carter and Mrs. Botkin to ex
change visits from time to time, Mrs.
Carter could recall no occasion upon
which she had accompanied Mrs. Bot
kin upon any of her numerousshopping
tours. She was positive that she had
not done so during the month of July.
Upon this point and with regard to
the general conversation. Mrs. Carter
was rigidly questioned, but not all the I
adeptness of her inquisitors elicited cmc !
compromising word, nor uncovered one |
positive, valuable fact.
That Mrs. Carter should go the way
of the half dozen other of their star
witnesses was a body blow to the pros
ecution. Since it was discovered that
the handkerchief that covered the
deadly chocolates had been purchased
at the <'ity of Paris the best energies
of the Chief and of Detectives Gibson
and McVey have been expended in a
combined effort to trace the course of
Mrs. Botkin through some one of her
more recent shopping tours.
There were witnesses in plenty
among the clerks of the City of Paris
who knew Mrs. Botkin and who had,
on divers occasions, waited upon her
wants or cashed the numerous postal
notes that she was in the habit of
bringing to the store for that purpose.
But no one of them could recall the
names or faces of the friends who are
known to have accompanied her, nor
could one be found to fix a date nor
the goods she purchased. The one con
necting link that from the beginning
has set at naught their best efforts was
evidently not to be found in the City
of Paris.
Chief Lees, however, persisted in his
search, though through other channels,
and a day or so ago in some way, just
how he declines to- say. discovered the
missing link in Mrs. Carter.
She was haled forthwith into the
presence of the inquisition and there, in
words, demonstrated that as the link
in a very few minutes and very few
she was a non-success.
For the present Chief Lees wiU give
no more time or energy in a hunt
for fresh evidence. The case will
go before Governor Budd on Tues
day as it now stands. The subse
quent campaign of the prosecu
tion will be decided by his action upon
the requisition.
COMPLETING THE
PROSECUTION'S CASE
Chier Lees Secures Some Signatures
to Affidavits— A Yellow Bub
ble Exploded.
Yesterday was a quiet day with the
Chief and his retinue; the morning was
spent in the signing of the numerous
affidavits; the afternoon, for the most
part, in a general, though silent, prayer
Chat at the eleventh hour benign influ
ences would thicken the mass of evi
dence in hand with something of
greater consistency, and more palata
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND
CURED OF
ITCKINGRASH
I take pleasure in letting yon know how
much CUTIOCBA Remedies have done for mo,
my father and two brothers. In the fall of
'95,1 began to be afflicted with an itching ra«h
under my chin. It kept spreading until it
was all over my body. I could not sleep but
was compelled to lie awake and scratch all
the time. My father and two brothers were
Afflicted with the same thing, at the same time.
"We all suffered terribly fora year and a half,
trying in the meantime all the remedies wo
could find, but received no benefit. I hap-
pened to see CrncußA Remedies advertised
and how they had cured others from itching
6kin diseases, and we thought we would try
them. I boupht three cakes of Ccticttra
Soap and three boxes of Cctiocra (ointmont)
and they cured the four of us completely.
Any person doubting the truth of this state-
ment can write me. RICHARD ANDERSON,
Feb. 22, '38. Geneva, Box Elder Co., Utah.
ECZEMA FOR YEARS CURED BY CUTICURA
I had an attack of Eczema several years ago
and found myself in the clutches of a monster
whose business it was to torture me and make
life miserable. Ccticcra Remedies were
recommended to me by my druggist, Mr. T.
I. Van Winkle of Hartford City, Ind. I used
altogether three bottles of Cuticura Resol-
vent, with frequent baths with Ccticcra
Soap, and the use of the Ccticcra (ointment),
and In four months found myself cured.
Feb. 23, 1898. DAVID COLE, RoU, Ind.
6r»PT ClTll TUFATMEXT FOR TOBTrITWO. DlSFlO-
ntsa HnMORS. — Warm bithi with Ccticcha Bo*r,
gentle inointings with CtrTicmA [ointment], purest of
emollient skin cures, and mild dotes of CimcutA Ra-
iolmit, greatest of blood purifiers and humor cures.
Bold throughout the world. Forms Duuo akd Chim.
Corp., Bo'e Props. , Boston.
MT " How to Vtu* Torturing 6 kin DUaajaa," frw.
ble to the prosecuti — than thin sur
mise.
During the morning Miss Lizzie Liv
ernash called to revise and add her
signature to the statement of her
knowledge of the case. Miss Heney and
Miss Dittmer followed suit, and last
followed Expert Kytka, who, with be
coming modesty, retired to the privacy
of the Chief's conning tower to again
change his mind as to who really wrote
the anonymous letters. As Kytka's
raiment of vari-colored opinions does
not yet suit the Chief's fastidious
fancy, he has not been permitted the
distinction of signing an affidavit.
Another witness is lost to the prose
cution in the person of George L. Beck,
the druggist, who is much incensed at
the brazen attempt made in the Ex
aminer of yesterday morning to con
nect him with the Botkin case as a
probable witness of importance to the
prosecution.
After referring to an alleged "gay
night" with Mrs. Botkin at 927 Geary
street, the yellow faker goes on to say
that it has been discovered that Beck
is a long time friend of George W.
Haas, the confectioner, and a frequent
visitor to the Haas store. Further,
that at the proper time Mr. Beck would
be prepared to give evidence corrob
orating that of Miss Heney and Miss
Dittmer, the two candy girls who,
it is alleged, remember having sold a
box of candy to a woman answering
the description of Mrs. Botkin.
To Chief Lees and to a Call repre
sentative Mr. Beck last evening said:
"The story in the Examiner of this
morning is a lie out of whole cloth. I
never have known Mr. Haas nor do
I know him now; neither am I ac
quainted with any of the young women
who are employed by him. In fact, I
do not think that I have ever been in
his store. Until the 30th of July I
was away from town and all I know
of Mr. Haas since that time I have
learned from the papers."
NO STAR CHAMBER TRIAL •
FOR GOVERNOR BUDD
The Delaware Extradition Petition
Will Be Heard on Tuesday in
Public.
Governor Budd last evening positive
ly fixed Tuesday as the day upon which
he will hear the petition on the part
of the Delaware authorities for the ex
tradition of Mrs. Botkin.
Following: faithfully the absurd pol
icy of absolute secrecy that! has char
acterized his course throughout the
case. Chief Lees has every day during
the past week refused to make public
the day that he would appear with nis
case before the Governor.
The only fact that he has given out
is that if his efforts should prevail, the
proceedings would be held in private.
The.se tactics have not only tired the
public, but have decidedly wearied the
Governor himself, and he has finally
set the day himself. He has also de
cided that he will hear the petition and
review the evidence in this city, and
with that plan in view has selected the
Palace Hotel as the place of meeting.
It may also be stated that the ef
forts of Chief Lees will not prevail— the
proceedings will be public.
Just how long it will be before Gov
ernor Budd will render his decision, he
himself cannot say. Should the review
ing of the prosecution's evidence not be
finished on Tuesday it will have to go
over until Thursday, as on Wednesday
the Executive has important State
business that will require his presence
in Sacramento.
As Chief Lees has accumulated an
immense amount of matter it will prob
ably be the last of the week before
the case can be disposed of. Chief Lees
said last night that he expected to have
his evidence in shape by Monday night,
as he is working on the last of the
affidavits.
CHAIR OF SURGERY IN
THE STATE UNIVERSITY
STILL VACANT FOB DR. SHIELS,
THE LOGICAL CANDIDATE,
Dr. Williamson Is Simply Recom
mended as Lecturer on Sur
gery for One Year.
The recent action of the faculty of the
State University in voting to recommend
Dr. J. M. 'Wiliamson as lecturer on sur
gery for the term of one year has been
misconstrued by some of the friends of
Dr. Shiels as an act of unfair treatment
to the latter. The facts, however, do not
warrant any such conclusion.
Dr. Shiels, who was associate professor
of the principles and practice of surgery
in the medical department of the uni
versity, obtained a leave "of absence and
went to Manila as brigade surgeon, un
der Brigadier General Harrison Grey
Otis.
Soon after his depiirture Dr. William
E. Taylor, professor of the principles and
practice of surgery, concluded, on ac
count of poor health, to go to Honolulu
and there take up his permanent resi
dence. Accordingly, at the last regular
meeting of the faculty he tendered his
resignation of the chair, and it wad for
warded to the Board of Regents.
Provision, therefore, had to be made for
the carrying on of the course of surgery.
Dr. Shiels, the logical candidate for the
chair, was absent In Manila, and the fac
ulty at a special meeting simply recom
mended Dr. Williamson, professor of
anatomy In the medical and dental de
partment, to fill the position of lecturer on
surgery for one year:
This action leaves the chair of surgery
still vacant, but provides for the course
of surgery to be carried on without inter
ruption. Thus it will be readily sepn that
no injustice has been done Dr. Shiels. nor
has any undue advantage been taken of
his absence.
ON THE LINKS.
The Result of the . San Rafael Golf
Tournament.
The second day of the San Rafael golf
tournament proved as successful as , the
first. There was a colony of golfers on
the links, and the sports lasted till sun
down:
The results are as follows: Boys' and Girls' I
Handicap— Arnold, 80, scratch; Heine |
von- Schroeder, 76, scratch; Henry Mack, 95.12;
Maurice Dorr, . 106.8; Miss Helen De Young,
106.30; Miss Walter, 119.20; Barton Parker,
104.25; Miss Constance De Young:, 121.45, and
Janet yon. Schroeder, 126.40..
Men's Driving, on the fly— E. J. McCuteheon,
142 j yards: -Lieutenant Roberts, 133; Gllman
Brown. .132 . , '
Ladies. 50-yard approach— Mrs. J. J. Crooks,
average 32 feet 11 Inches; second, Mrs. Gllman
Brown, 33, feet.
Ladies' Open Tournament— ". Hoffmann,
63; Mrs. Gilman Brown. 71; Mrs. Crooks, 77;
Miss Ella Morgan. 80; Miss. Mcßean, 80; Mrs.
Marcus Gerstle, 84; Mrs. J. M. Cunningham, 92;
Mrs. Schloss, 90. ■■ • ' '
Men's Handicap, two rounds:
- . . Total. Handicap. Net.
Brown 114 20 94
McCutcheon '. .100 Scratch 100
Dlbblee 121 20 ...101
Holliday 121 20 J6l
Koberts 122 • 20- 102
A. McHean 125 . 22 ■ 103
Emerson Warfleld 123 20 • '103
Frances ..: 128 25 103
Baron A. Yon. Schroeder... 138 30 . 108
Dr. Howitt ...:. V.:....132 22 110
Johnson . 145 35 : . -110
Dr.. Arnold 128 .15 113
Gerstle 136 20 " 116
Harkins 144 25 -119
Parker 141 22 119
J. J. Crooks 157 25 . 132
Schloss 178 • 35 143
Breckenridge no 25 145
Mount Zion Hospital.
Another meeting was held by the build
ing committee of the Mount Zion Hospital
last night in Dr. Rosenstlrns office. The
plans submitted by Architect Lyons will
be accepted after some changes have been
made. As was stated in yesterday's Call
the new hospital building to be erected
at 2313 Sutter street is to cost $40,000 and
It is to be two stories high. Owing to the
Increase of patients at the well-known
hospital this change was decided on by
the board of directors.
The other day 2000 Irish laborers left
Dublin by Bpeclal Bteamer for the harvest
In England.
THE SAltf FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
WELLS-FARGO
FINDS ITSELF
IN A CORNER
Must Show Why It
Shirks a War Tax.
REFUSED TO CARRY PACKAGE
DEMANDED THE SENDER PAY
FOR BEVENUE STAMP.
Wherefore William E. Costley Took
His Case to the Courts and Put
the Corporation in a Del
icate Situation.
"vVells-Fargo people have been contend
ing that they were under no obligation
to pay the war tax levied upon them by
Congress. They had not the slightest ob
jection to having somebody else pay the
tax, and so have been holding up pat
rons for it. As a rule the patrons have
submitted to the imposition rather than
enter into a controversy. At last a new
sort of patron has come into the field.
Suit against the company has been begun
by William E. Costley, who asks damages
in the sum of $250. He brings the action
under section 2169 of the Civil Code, which
reads as follows:
"A common carrier must, if able
to do so, accept and carry whatever
is offered to him, at a reasonable
time and place, of a kind that he un
dertakes or is accustomed to carry."
That AVells-Fargo is a common carrier
will hardly be denied even by the presi
dential pamphlets issued by Mr. Valen
tine wherein black is set forth as white.
Thursday William Costley, as appears
in his complaint, took to the office of the
Wells-Fargo Express Company a pack
age of books to be forwarded to Sacra
mento. The package was duly weighed
and Mr. Costley was told that the charge
tor transmission would be 40 cents. This
he was willing to pay, but the agent
wanted to assess him an extra cent.
"What is the cent for?" naturally in
quired Air. Costley. He was told that it
was to pay for a revenue stamp, and he
declined to pay it knowing that the duty
of the company was to affix the stamp
at its own expense. "We cannot take
your package then," said the agent firmly.
There was a brief but ineffective argu
ment, at the end of which Mr. Costley
left the omce, taking his property with
him.
"I do not like the idea of a suit," said
the gentleman later to a representative
of The Call, "but It seems to me a prin
ciple Is involved, and I propose to find
out who is right. Of course, the cent is
not in itself worth consideration, but pri
vate citizens have had to pay the war
tax and have done It uncomplainingly. It
seems to me that the Wells-Fargo people
can afford to pay theirs and not try to
sneak from under and let their patrons
bear the burden. At least 1 am ready to
submit the matter to the proper tribunal."
Costley was as good as his word, and
yesterday the suit was filed by his at
torneys, MeGowan & Squires. It is based
upon "the refusal of the companY to ac
cept the package although the cost of
transmission had been tendered, and
places the defendant in a position where
it must show why refusal was made.
That this is a delicate position, and one
likely to strain the literary ability of the
distinguished writer of pamphlets goes
without saying. As to the outcome, peo
ple will wait with interest. The corpora
tion will doubtless fight for delay, and
the other side do everything possible to
expedite a decision.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 9, 1898.
Editor Call, San Francisco: I inclose
the cover of a pamphlet the Southern Pa
cific distributes on its trains under the
title of "The Hotel Gazette." The editor
ial page I clipped out, as I thought you
might like to see it.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells. Fargro
* Co., has Issued an Interesting little pam
phlet discussing the attitude of the express
companies on the war revenue stamp tax. It
Is a concise statement of the case for the ex
press companies, the pith of the whole mat
ter being expressed In the following para
graph:
"It Is certainly most economical for ship
pers to furnish the stamp, as any revised ex
press rates Including It would, unavoidably, at
least double the expense to them." Every fair
minded business man must realize that an In
crease In the ordinary expenses of doing busi
ness will necessarily be followed by an in
crease in the cost of the product or service to
patrons, and the wax revenue tax makes a
very real and vital Increase In the cost of
conducting an express business.
In other words, the express company
shall not be taxed. It shall raise its rates
to include the war tax so that the cus
tomer pays it! The war revenue tax
makes a "very real and vital increase in
the cost of conducting an express busi
ness"; but docs not a war revenue tax
make a "very real and vital Increase" in
the cost of conducting, for instance, a
wine business — or any other business? A
wine dealer places a stamp on each bottle
of wine, but as yet we have not heard
of any of the wine dealers raising the
price for a bottle of wine so as to include
the tax.
The position of the express company, as
shown by the quotedNparagraph, is wholly
untenable. In that it shows that the ex
press company refuses to be taxed and
paddles the burden upon the customer
who has already paid his war tax in a va
riety of ways.
WINE DEALER.
SUICIDE BY GAS.
Louis Betzel, Despondent From Sick-
ness, Ends His Life.
Louis Betzel, a cloth cutter who resided
at 1982 Bush street, was found dead in hla
bath tub yesterday afternoon with the
j?as Jet turned on. As he has been 111 for
some time the family assign despondency
as the cause of his suicide.
The wife of Mr. Betzel left her husband
early In the afternoon to do some shop
ping. He told her to not be away long.
A snort time after her departure Mrs. E.
S. Howe, wjio occupies the flat above the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BTANDARD BRANDS OF
Wines, Spirits, Mineral Waters
CHAMPAONE
White Seal, Grande Cuvec, Brut laperlal
Messrs. Moet & Chandon, Epernay.
CLARETS and SAUTERNES
Messrs. Dubos, Freres, Bordeaux.
HOCK and MOSELLE WINES
Messrs. Deinhard & Co., Coblentz.
MINERAL WATER
Johannis Co., Ld., Johannis Springs.
OINOER ALE
Messrs. Cantrell &. Cochrane, Belfast.
CANADIAN CLUB WHISKY
Messrs. Hiram Walker L Sons, Ld.,
WALKCHVILLC
AMERICAN WHISKY
"The Old Government." Bottled in Bond.
COONAC BRANDY
Messrs. J. 4 F. Martell, Cognac.
SCOTCH WHISKY
Messrs. Andrew Usher & Co.. Edinburgh.
BASS 1 ALE and GUINNESS* STOUT
Dot's Head Brand
Messrs. Read Bros,, London.
BARTHOLOrtAY BEER and VITAMALT
Bartholomay Brewing Co., Rochester, N.Y.
FOR SALE BY DEALERS and GROCERS
Wm.Wolff&Co.
PACIFIC COAST AQENTB
327-329 Market St., San Francisco
Betzel's, heard moans on the lower floor.
She went down to investigate and found
the sounds came from the bathroom.
Fearing to enter the room herself, she
summoned William Ludwig, a grocery
clerk in the same block. He entered the
room and found Mr. Betzel in the bath
tub, unconscious from the gas, but still
breathing. Dr. Pillsbury was called in,
but Mr. Betzel was dead before he ar
rived.
Mr. Betzel is said to have attempted
suicide two or three months ago by tak
ing laudanum. He was 69 years old and
leaves a widow and a married daughter
and son. There was $6000 Insurance on his
life from the A. O. U. W.. Knights of
Pythias and B'nai B'rith. of which or
ganizations he was a member.
CONDEMNED THE MISSION ZOO.
Meeting of Real Estate Owners to
Discuss the Tax Levy for the
Coming Year.
An informal meting of property-owners
was held in the offices of A. M. Speck &
Co. last night to discuss the tax levy for
the coming year. As there were only a
few present and the levy has not yet
been set no definite action was taken,
although it was the opinion of all pres
ent that the figures should be below $2,
$1 80 being set as a fair limit.
There was a unanimous opposition to
the Mission Park and Zoo project, which
was characterized as a scheme to de
fraud taxpayers and put money in the
pockets of a few owners of undesirable
property in the outskirts of the city. -A
committee of ten will be appointed in the
near future to present a petition to the
Supervisors urging a low tax rate for the
following reasons:
First— Rents have decreased In the past three
years from 15 to 25 per cent.
Second— Property has depreciated In value,
while assessments have increased.
The effect of the high tax rate will tend to
discourage Investors and will increase the rate
of the mortgage interest and reduce the rate
of Interest to savings bank depositors.
Fourth— Local capital will be forced to other
States and securities other than realty.
Four were appointed to serve on the
committee of ten, the others will be cho
sen at a meeting to be held during the
coming week. The four selected were:
Captain W. J. Bryan Sr., Captain Wil
liam Ede, A. W. Wilson and M. J. Plat
shek.
AID FOR CAPTAIN
t RICHTER'S FAMILY
AN ENTERTAINMENT WILL BE
HELD AT THE PAVILION.
Committees From the National Guard
Working Ardently for Its
Success.
A meeting of the general committee
which is planning a benefit for the family
of the late Captain Reinhold Ricluer, who
fell at Manila, was held at the National
Guard headquarters yesterday afternoon.
Colonel McDonald, an old friend of Cap
tain Richter's, addressed the meeting. He
spoke of the good services rendered by
the deceased in the National Guard, and
the widow and four children left desti
tute, concluding by expressing the hope
that the benefit to be held in Mechanics'
Pavilion on September 24 would be so suc
cessful as to render to the family that
financial assistance it needs so much.
The names of the various committees
were then discussed and settled as fol
lows: '
Executive and finance committee — Colonel
Thomas M. Cluff, chairman; Lieuten
ant Colonel J. J. Gieatlng, vice chairman;
Lieutenant Colonel A. Huber, secretary; Lieu
tenant Colonel F>. E. Miles, treasurer; Major
H. A. Wegener and Major L. S. Schmitt, as
sistant secretaries.
Reception committee — Major General John H.
Dickinson, chairman; Brigadier General A. W.
Barrett, Colonel Charles H. Crocker, Colonel
W. P. Sullivan, Robert Finking, M. Ahrnes.
C. Thierbach. Colonel E. A. Denicke, Colonel
\\\ Macdunald, C. W. Heyer, H. Wreden,
Lieutenant E. D. Carroll, Lieutenant Colonel
A. B. C. Dohrmann, Colonel E. C. Hughes,
Henry Martin, Louis Roesch, William Fllmer.
W. M. Bruwn, Joseph Buttgenbach, H. L.
Tlckner and H. Herzer.
Reception committee— Captain L. Blebe,
chairman; Lieutenant Colonel A. Huber, L.
H&ake, H. Brooks F. J. Hink, Captain F. A.
Kuhls, T. F. A. Obermeyer, Richard I. Whe
lan, Theodore F. Bonnet, Ed Kolb.
Music committee—Brigadier General War
field, Captain G. W. Wittman, Lieutenant A-
A. Borllni, Charles Casasaa, Charles Acker
man.
Advertising and press committee — Colonel A.
Huber chairman; A. C. Unsworth, S. C. Ham
mond, P. Jacoby, H. Pike, M. H. de Young,
J. D. Spreckels, William Hearst, William
Bunker, R. A. Crothers, F. Hess.
Entertainment committee — Colonel G. R.
Burdick, chairman; F. Attinger, H. Plage
mann, Lieutenant Colonel Murphy, Lieutenant
Colonel A. Huber, Lieutenant C. C. Dennis, J.
A. Hammersmith, Major W. D. Waters, Major
Charles Jansen, Captain C. Le Breton, H. B.
Russ. Joseph M. Cumming, John McLaren, H.
F. Stahl, H. L. Burleson.
Floor committee— C. W. Heyer, chairman; W.
S H. Burleson, P. G. Depue, H. Lilkendey, W.
Corcoran, Lieutenant Colonel C. Stanley, Ma
jor J. A. Margo.
The various committees were then au
thorized to add to their numbers, as
seemed best to them, and the districting
of the city and the appointing of various
committees therefor was left to the execu
tive and finance committee after many
suggestions had been made as to the best
methods of doing this work.
Lieutenant Colonel Huber stated that he
had many offers of assistance from
various organization in the city to help
in the entertainment; that certain gentle
men in the printing trade had already
donated the stock and work for printing
6000 tickets and 600 quarter cards, and that
the offers for refreshments, etc., were
most gratifying.
The benefit is to be given in the inter
est of the orphans and widow, and every
one is imbued with the idea of keeping
the expenses of the affair at a minimum,
thereby realizing as much as possible for
the family of Captain Richter.
WARNING FROM HONOLULU.
Knights of Pythias Are Advised
That the Islands Are Only for
Men With Large Capital.
Past Chancellor F. Waldron, Ed Towse
and J. Neill and G. Erickson. a Joint com
mittee representing Oahu Lodge No. 1 and
Mystic Lodge No. 2 of the Knights of
Pythias of Honolulu, have sent a circu
lar letter to all Pythians in the United
States, warning them to keep away from
the Hawaiian Islands. The communica
tion is in the following words:
The annexation of these Islands by the
United States has caused many of the brethren
to project attempts to better their condition
or to find employment in what they consider
a new country. Such we consider It our duty
to warn and to speak to in plain terms.
The social and business communities of these
Islands were old and well established before
the rush to California. This is in no sense a
new country. The only opportunity here Is
for the man of large capital. There is no em
ployment here for mechanics 01 any kind or
for unskilled labor. Many men of ability, of
good habits and first-class recommendations
are now here practically stranded. There were
idle men In Honolulu before the American flag
replaced the Hawaiian flag. All lines of small
business are fully filled and in most cases
overcrowded. Do not come here unless you
have the assurance in advance of steady em
ployment or have the capital to engage in land
development enterprises requiring large means.
We spread this positive advice because we wish
to save brethren disappointment and distress.
We state the facts as in more than honor
bound and trust sincerely this circular will
accomplish Its mission.
HAPPY MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent Entertains Many
of Its Friends at a Smoker-
Music and a Collation.
San Francisco Tent of the Maccabees
gave a smoker last night in the Alcazar
building to the members and their friends,
who filled the large hall to its utmost.
Dr. Danziger, who acted as master of
ceremonies, delivered an address of wel
come. After that there was a short pro
gramme prepared by Sirs Knights 11. L,.
Tickner and Thomas R. Harris, which in
cluded a series of imitations of great ac
tors by Daniel Hamlin, instrumental se
lections by the Brownie Banjo Club, a
vocal solo by Mr. BertramV amusing
stories by Mr. Gray of Oaklanff, a vocal
solo by Charles Van Orden, and several
others contributed to the enjoyment of
the evening. After the programme tue
members treated their friends to a fine
collation.
Jumped Off the Car Backward.
Te Chuck, a Chinese, living at 921 Du
pont street, jumped backward off a Sac
ramento street car at Dupont street yes
terday morning and fell, breaking both
bones of his left leg. He was taken
the Receiving Hospital.
POLICEMEN
ARE AGAIN
ASSESSED
"Cold Feet" Wittman's
Arbitrary Methods.
HE WANTS A BRASS BAND
: ; ■ t v - ■ •-■- •■;■—■ ■•■. .
EXTENDS THE GLAD HAND TO
HAPLESS SUBORDINATES.
Notified That They Will Have to
Buy Instruments for thY
Fife and Drum
Corps.
'".-■. ■"..:
"Cold Feet" Wlttman has levied another
assessment on his unfortunate subordin
ates. This time he demands 25 cents
from each of them, the total amount to bo
used in buying instruments for the drum
and fife corps. Not satisiied with com
pelling them to part with a portion of
their salaries to purchase swords for him
and his sergeants, he has had the audac
ity to inform them that they must con
tribute to the fund for the purchase of
drums and flfes for the recently organized
corps. Yesterday he appeared before his
men, dressed In a new uniform, his frosty
feet lending a chilly effect to the other
wise warm atmosphere.
"We need a drum corps," he remarked,
his breast swelling with pride, "and we
must have one. It always seemed to me
that we lacked something as we marched
along the principal streets, admired by
countless thousands. After careful study
I have come to the conclusion that music
is the missing factor. You all remember
the time-worn expression that 'music hath
charms to soothe the savage breast.' If
we continue to parade the streets without
the soothing notes of a brass band or a
fife and drum corps we might as well go
out of business. I have already selected
a suitable corps and In order to provide
the boys with the necessary instruments
It becomes Incumbent upon me to Inform
you that we are short of the necessary
money with which to fit them out. How
ever, I have decided to tax you all 25
cents each, the amount to bo expended
in buying drums and fifes."
Noticing the scowls which darkened the
countenances of many men Wittman said
that he was aware that some of the offi
cers were not In favor of paying the as
sessment, but that he Intended to see that
they were forced to do so.
One of the policemen who is opposed to
giving up a portion of his salary each
month toward satisfying the whims of
the raptaln of the Central station said:
"It Is time that Wlttman got on to him
self. During the past year we have been
assessed at least a half dozen times, and
unless the Commissioners call a halt
Wlttman will soon have us all In debt.
He is well fixed financially and does not
seem to think that we need every dollar
we earn. I suppose that in a few days
he will ask us to subscribe sufficient
money to build a monument over his
grave' when he will have passed away."
COURT-MARTIAL OF
CHAPLAIN M'INTYRE
AFFIDAVITS ARE FORWARDED
FROM DENVER.
Testifying to the Correctness of the
Newspaper Report of His
Lecture.
It was stated a few days ago in a dis
patch from Washington that Chaplain
Mclntyre, of the battleship Oregon,. now
visiting in San Francisco, is to be court
martialed for criticizing certain naval offi
cers who took part in the destruction of
Cervera's fleet. It will be remembered
that the chaplain's trouble arose from a
lecture which he delivered in Denver. He
claimed that the report of his lecture in
one of the Eastern newspapers was a
malicious misrepresentation of what he
said.
A letter received In this city yesterday
from Denver states that several well
known citizens of that city who heard the
lecture have, in response to a request
from Washington, forwarded to the Navy
Department affidavits to the effect that
the newspaper report with which the
chaplain finds fault was absolutely cor
rect. As the court-martial will be based
principally on the newspaper report of the
lecture it would seem that Chaplain Mc
lntyre has got himself into troublous
water.
ROBBED A RAILROAD.
Arrest of George Williams, Who Is
Wanted in Philadelphia.
Detectives Gibson and Wren last night
arrested George C. Williams, an employe
of W. B. Fuller, and booked him en route
to Philadelphia, where he is wanted for
grand larceny. About four years ago
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Silk Flo
This is your opportunity. Monday we place
on special sale a large quantity of ladies' fine,
pure silk, black hose, sold almost everywhere
for #2.00. As long as they last, the price
which makes this your opportunity is ,
$ JL«TErO a pair.
Also ladies' half and half silk hose (black boots
and solid colored tops); formerly $2.00; during
this sale, $1.40. ;
Pall Novelties
. Just arrived— for now; enamel, steel, Rhine-
stone oxydized clasps and buckles; crystal, steel and
Rhinestone buttons. : .
Trimmings, black, white or colored appliques in hand-
some flowered or bow-knot effects.
; Chenille -trimmings in combinations of applique, jet
and spangle.
All of the above goods^are now on display in our vrindows
123 to 131 Keorny St.
.""* : ' "'" ADVEBTISEMEJTTS.
mrSS rAKKILS
• ■ • FOR . ■ .
FALL '- = 1898.
, Our customers are herenu informed that
commencina Mondau, Sect. 12th, we shall offer
for sale the most elegant yarietu of NOVELTY
DRESS PATTERNS at the following Drices,
f $7,50 per Dress Pattern
$10.50 per Dress Pattern
$12.50 per Dress Pattern
$15.00 per Dress Pattern
$17.50 per Dress Pattern
$20,00 per Dress Pattern
$22.50 per Dress Pattern
. The ahOYe are EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS and
comprise 30 DIFFERENT STYLES.
SEE EXHIBITION IN OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 124.
111. 113. 115. IIT. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Williams was employed as receiver of a
Philadelphia railroad, and skipped out
with about $1000 belonging to the com
pany. A short time after he came to this
city and joined the First Infantry, United
States army, stationed at the Presidio.
He was discharged about three years ago
and was given a position with W. B. Ful
ler.
Learning that he was in this city his
former employers sent Chief Lees a pic
ture of him. together with a brief state
ment of his crime. Gibson and Wren were
detailed to find him, and convinced tnat
they had the man located they went to
Fuller's place of business yesterday and
placed Williams under arrest. He offered
no resistance, and was at once taken to
the City Prison and his name registered
on the detinue book.
Williams admits that he is the man
who is wanted. He declared to the de
tectives that he was glad that they had
arrested him, as he was anxious to re
turn to- Philadelphia and suffer the con
eequences of his crime.
BUNKOED A WIDOW.
John L. Sherman, a Clothing Sales
man, Wanted on a Charge of
Embezzlement.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— John L. Sherman
is wanted on a charge of embezzlement.
Sherman is a clothing salesman, having
lately been engaged in numerous Broad
way stores. He is also the gay young
man of sporty proclivities who has been
basking in the smiles of Mrs. Small, an
unsuspecting widow residing on New
Broadway and who to-day swore out a
warrant for his arrest.
If Mrs. Small's story as told by her to
the police be true, she has been cleverly
bunkoed out of JoOO in good hard cash
Last week Sherman called on her, so she
says, representing that he had an excel
lent opportunity for investment. He
could buy a cigar stand for $500 which
would in a very short time realize its pur
chase price. He whispered sweet and
honeyed sentences into her ear and
begged her to advance him the necessary
money on the strength of their friendship.
Long he pleaded and finally won out. On
last Wednesday she drew the money on
her bank account, handed it to him and
he hurriedly left her to purchase— a rail
road ticket to the south somewhere, and
has not been seen since. The unfortunate
widow feels the loss all the more since
she has three children to support besides
herself, while the clothing salesman has
been living high.
Sherman has been stopping at Mrs. J
Parsons' boarding house, 830 Webster
street, and It is understood that he has
a wife and some children living in Oregon
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Burned a Rat Alive.
Otto Maysoen, a grocery clerk, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on a charge of
cruelty to animals. Mrs. Orel Sheehan,
128 Chattanooga street, accuses him of
burning a live rat last Tuesday. Maysoen
declares that the rat was dead when he
rolled it in a piece of paper saturated
with coal oil and set fire to it.
Spurious coins are legally made In
China. They are used to put in the
coffins of the dead and the supersti
tion prevails that they make the dead
happy.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
82 88 8S8288!882888282828SS282»!2888i
8S CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. »
85 " ' ' ; ■ - •<* SS
ST it ill (\^- ■ • -^^^^! "8- 2$
i CARPETS. ss
2S Speeitl Next Week-Blegtnt pat- ; ■ - ft o.
ct ' tern, of -Velvet Carpsts, with fll I , y\} j.
g. border to match ; sewed, lined' AI __
*° and^laid,}* 1 yard 11l ■ »
our stock is large— very .large. The »8
°* ■ variety to select from makes the pur- o%
*° chase a pleasure as well as an econn- *°
o§ ; omy— and our little by- words go in this 8§
c case too— "Our prices whether caßh or c .
*J nttle-at-a-time are lower than those »o
gg of cash houses." c«
» J. NOON AN, «
*° Complete House-Furnisher, *°
28 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., ■*
SS Above Sixth. 88
55 'Phone South 14. Open . Evenings. . 55
tS 82 88 82 82 82 82 82 88 82 82 82 82 82 88 88 S2 88
fENNYROYALPILLS
Pennyroyal pills
W jS"^6l*K ' luln«»l»nd Only Genuine. A
£m( nTv\\ s *'t, »iwav« reliable. r laoics aik /Z\
jsU7)^^-okM. Rruucirt toT'Cftiche»Urt English Dia-$X\.
frfHi>'^lKrC\'noit J Brand In Itcd anil tfoU iurt»!llo\%jHr
C^ — »OUs|yf)oXi'i, «paled with blue ribbon. Take VSr
ItJ W l^ SMBno other. Rtfutt dangerma tubititu- V '
I/ ~ . ftftiiruand imitation: At Drog?l3ti, or 4a.
I *••".' Jw la utampt for particular!,' testimonials aad
V&* J& "Kcllef for l.adlep." Ittur, bT rctora
.' ■^ . -_- If Mall. 10,000 Tfstlmonlals. Ham* J-aper.
Chl>-»ieiitrrChcm!cnS Co., Mo«llnu« Sqßara,
fcl« bj all Locil urujglsti. WHSLkfUC i'A
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KBAKNY AND ' WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
rhodeled : and renovated. KING. WARD : A
CO. European * plan. - Roomß 50c , to ■$1 50 day,
$sitOisB week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot.
and cold water every room: fire grates in everf.
room: elevator runs all night. xTHE CALL Sunday Edition
LAST OF THE KAHUNAS
g i >N( (L.UL.U, Sept. 3, IS9S.— I stood before the door
of Kahaleauki, the Kahuna.
I^4 On his porch the mornlng-grlorj' hang's her
matted curtain, starn-d with blossoms blue and
innocent us babies' eyes. Over his low coral
« walls the scarlet hibiscus twines and the Pon
ciania regia flames upward to the But in his
garden prows only the ti— tree beloved of all Ha
waiian sods — and used by the Kahunas in all their
mystic rites.
The Kahuna is the witch doctor of the old Ha
waiian faith. His gifts are manifold and his number
few. He practices his strange powers of sorcery now
against the Christian and the civil law. He is still
respected, feared, implicitly believed in, jealously hid
den by some Hawaiian educated to broader faJth and
even these will smile and tell you quietly that Ka
huna ism is dead. The hack driver who brings you a
trustful strang* r from the steamer and offers himself
as guide, philosopher and friend will promise to take
you t" see a Kahuna or bring one to see you.
Is there anything that the hack driver of Honolulu
will not offer and charge you for?
But neither he nor you can pass the wall of sacred
Buperstition and the very earthly fear of punishment
which the native builds about this doctor, seer, sage,
witch and prophet of his race; and the dingy, respect
able and clothed Kanaka who comes to mutter over
a bowl of water and read your future in two leaves
at the bottom of it is no more Kahuna than Chris
tian — and perhaps not quite so much.
• I am come here with a little bundle of the awa
root in my hands to know why I pass sleepless nights.
Kahaleauki will tell me. He knows all the secrets
of heaven and earth. He walks with the gods in
dreams. All time belongs to him — the then, the now,
the fterward. Looking in the awa cup he reads the
cause of every human ill, the face of friend or foe,
discovers treachery and foretells death. He can strike
the death fire from the sandal wood, and brew its
antidote from sandal bark. He can change coldest
hearts to flame, divorce the passions from the reason
— supposing they are ever wed. He can inspire and
cure love, jeaiousy. infidelity and disease. He can
recall the absent, change the heart, lay on the curse
of madness and pray human life away.
Besides my little bundle of awa root I have brought
a live chicken, tied neatly by the legs. Poor innocent
fowl! Saved from the butcher and the festal board
to be prayed to death by Kahaleauki aud served up
on the altar of my education.
I beat Boftly on Kahalcauki's door. I know it will
be opened to me for I brought a passport signed by
a hand that opens all Hawaiian doors. I heard a soft
musical jabber within. I said, as I had been told to
say:
"Aloha! I am the foreign woman. I have brought
the letter to Kahaleauki."
There was no answer, only a stirring sound close
by the door. While I waited with my hand against
it a tall, young 1 Hawaiian — '-1 came toward me round
the corner or the porch. She was about fourteen, a
slender, gracious, supple shape. She walked with the
undulating, passionate grace of the Hawaiian wo
man's youth; she had the beautee damnee dv diable
which belonjre to the youth of woman in every land.
Her feet and legs were bare and the hot sun shone
on their smooth surface as on polished copper bronze.
Her loose sacque fell away from her full brown throat
and her sweet virginal breast; her hair hung a single,
splendid inky braid nearly to her knees, and her eyes
were lovely, liquid, calm, asleep in deep, sweet, stupid
peace.
She put out a suppl « brown hand to receive the
letter and went, silent and smiling adorably, as she
came. Presently another door opened on the porch
and another brown hand, older but as supple, beckoned
me through.
The room was very long, very low, darkened by
drawn blinds, lighted by the sunlight streaming into
the lauai beyond. The lauai is the wide porch, either
open or enclosed, and always vine-hung, palm-set and
sweetly cool, where the Hawaiian sits, eats, sleeps,
and has his being while at home. I see, in passing,
the nervous shadow of tall Kahili, shaken by the
draught from the door, upon the wall; the gleam of
polished calabashes ranged on shelves along the wall;
the glow of yellow leis made from the priceless single
yellow feather that grows beneath the dark wing of
the Oo; strange shapeless forms in wood and stone,
huge gourds, barbaric sp irs and ancient drums,
weapons and ornaments of shark's teeth and human
bone, leis braided from human hair, great polished
surf DO&rdJ shaped like coffin lids, on which the fathers
of Kahaleauki traveled, secure as in a ship, from isle
to isle over smooth or troubled seas, to charm, to
prophesy, to heal and to destroy.
I merely recognize their outlines as I pass. I have
popn such matters — priceless relics of the picturesque
Hawaiian barbarism in other Hawaiian homes. My
eyes are for the lauai and Kahaleauki.
He sits a wild, impressive, savage figure cross
legged upon the floor. He wears a malo of white
]j n ,, n — a breech clout, a mere strip of cloth wound
about the loins. A square of tapa. dyed dull red, is
folded, three-cornered, like a shawl over his left
shoulder and knotted under the left breast. On his
head a scarlet cloth is folded likewise, but from the
other side, with the knot above the right temple and
the point falling over the left cheek. His face is fine
of feature, full of splendid strength. His eyes are
black brilliant, compelling-: his firm, straight nose,
set close to the face, ending in a flattened point with
nostrils curving upward to the cheek, looks like an
anchor cut on a bronze mask; his lips are full, firm,
sensuous, his teeth pure, perfect white of cruel regu
larity. He wears a beard which is grown very white,
but the thick mop of black uppn his head is only
powdered delicately with , white hairs growing few
and far between. He must be very old. His face and
his hands are wrinkled; but his beautiful, nearly
naked body is smoottfand brown as a boy's.
Befiore him on the floor lay a mat of tapa, folded
In a square, set forth with leaves of the ti, bunches
of herbs, bits of sugar cane, strips of bark, pieces
of sandal wood, knots of awa root and straw, two
bowls one smaller than the other, cut rudely from
the cocoanut with blunt lips from which to pour a
little cup containing spotted seeds, a smooth round,
tapered stick as long as a n.an's arm. of beautifully
polished wood that looks like koa, and at one
corner of the tapa a small, smooth, round, black
stone. ; __ ■•- -'
I had been told to look for this stone. When placed
thus, at the corner of the mat, it lifts the tabu from
the Kahuna's presence and one may enter, speak,
move about before him. But woe to him who seeks
to lift the spell laid by the gods when the speaking
stone Is not upon the mat.
"Aloha!" I say,- pausing at the door.
Kahaleauki does not speak. He fixes his brilliant
eyes on mine* and, by my faith, as a sinner and a
journalist, they turn me faint and cold. I grasp my
chicken firmly with a sense of near, dear, live, human
companionship, which is by no manner of means ap
preciated. I do not know how long I have stood
there when, under the spell of those eyes, I creep
nearer and nearer to the Kahuna and sink upon the
floor before his mat with my poor doomed fowl in
one hand, my little bundle of the awa root in the
1 Kahaleauki does not speak. He raps on the floor
vith one hand and a brown boy comes out Into the
lauai and drops beside me on the floor. He will in
terpret for me, he explains, smiling in the security of
his familiarity with the compelling eyes. He tells me
that from the sandal wood upon the tapa mat Kaha
leaukl strikes death fire that will travel -hundreds of
miles to kill* and with the two pieces of sandal bark.
one cut from the right and one from the left side of
the tree he brews a drink and a lotion that if taken
.and applied within thr*-*> days will prove an antidote.
From the other barks he. brews potions- to cure or to
destroy from the manu-rn"le. the striped red and
yellow cane and a few of the little spotted milo seedn
he works a love charm; with the pili-mai. the white
sugar cane, and a drink brewed from the laukalu
leaver he brings back wandering love. The smooth
and polished stick is the Kauwila, the Kahuna's stick,
a wand which tossed upward from his hand toward
the gods, in ' the presence of the one he wishes to
<sestroy,*^rir.srs a curse down upon him when it falls.
Other curses, that of the death fire, of madness, even
of death by prayer, may be lifted by other Kahunas;
but the curse of the Kauwtla is supreme with the
gods and only he who casts it out can with the gods'
permission call it back. The cocoanut bowls were the
ahu-awa in which the awa root when chewed is
steeped in water and strained through the bunches
of straw, which, dipped into it and squeezed by the
hands, catf'h all the liber and leave the liquid pure.
And all these things must be done with prayer and
chanting over the ahu-awa, wherein signs of all sorts
also are read. And no Kahuna breathes between the
measures of his prayer. This breathless chant comes
to him by nature or by heredity, for Kahunas are
born not mn.de. And then' they are educated in the
prayers and chants and charms and curses and their
power is twice tested before they are permitted to
pray over man. First a hen — just such a hapless fowl
a# nestles in trustful ignorance on my knees — is
brought before the student in the gentle art of pray
ing things to death. If the bird falls beneath the
spell the student goes up on to a mountain rock and
prays away the stones. If the stones crumble before
him it is known that the gods are pleased to have
him work their will for good or evil on his race.
After having told m; a., these strange things with
the eyes of Kahaleauki upon us both, the brown boy
asks me if I am ready to begin.
NEW PENSION LIST OF THE WAR
The First Applications Have Been piled and They're All Waiting Their Turn. What Applicants Must Do When They Present Tfoeir Claims
and the Amounts the Government Allows Its Dependent Soldiers.
THE war record of the lato Priv
ate William H. Hook of Wiscon
sin forms an exact counterpart
to the career of Solomon Grundy,
who was born on Monday, chris-
tened on Tuesday, married on
Wednesday, filled t>ut the remainder of
his checkered career and died on the
following Sunday.
Private Kook enlisted for the war on
Thursday, went into camp on Friday,
fell ill on Saturday, died on Sunday,
and on the following Wednesday his
widow went before a magistrate and
executed an application for a pension.
Mr. Hook enlisted on May 12, at Mil
waukee, Wisconsin. On the 13th he
went into camp at Camp Harvey, near
Milwaukee. On the loth he died. On
the 18th his widow, Lida M. Hook, exe
cuted her pension application, and on
the Ist of June it was filed in the Pen
sion Office.
She was the first applicant for a pen
sion growing: out of the pending war
with Spain. The witnesses to her ap
plication are Steven Hook and Henry
Hinkel. She gives her age as 24, and
her addrens at 275 Ceape street, Osh
kosh, Wisconsin. Her husband was a
member of Company F, Second Wis
consin Infantry. He was born in
England and was the son of Richard
Hook. At the time of his enlistment
he was a mill hand in Oshkosh. Mrs.
Hook's father was a Mr. Morreil, and
her mother bore the poetical name of
Jennie Van Dome.
The application, with a number of
KAHALEAUKI SITS A WILD, IMPRESSIVE, SAVAGE FIGURE, CROSS-LEGGED UPON THE FLOOR.
The truth is, I am not. I have a womanish fear.
I fear the potent eyes of Kahaleauki. I fear the
strange, cool, sluggish touch they lay upon my blood.
I fear the air that broods about this place. The sun
is g-one. The wind is dead, '-he sky is overhung with
dreadful clouds. It is almost dark in the laual except
close by the vine-shrouded windows through which
the solitary, passionate hibiscus burns "and burns
against the coral wall.
The brown boy speaks to the Kahuna, who makes
a sign of assent.
"He will pray the love prayer for you before I
chew the awa."
Kahaleauki throws his body forward, resting on
his outspread hands. His full lips part over his cruel
teeth. The prayer begins:
"Eia ka ai tku makua elono makua omaa kua ia
ahu ula aka pili pili aka hina hina oka holona aka
ia kea okolo pua okolo anuenue o ahu okuko alia
ouluku omaka alahia omoe ole aka po mac Iho iko
na po aao ac omakanl keae ahono ahh a.hh i«a pill
wehe okanwe ma ke kua ake loha make alo e aha
ana ekuko ana ella ana c uluku ana eniakala hia
ana he mau kane ma nuuhlna aka hina ia. aJce kapu
apeloaku!"
It is spoken thus, as I have copied it, from the
mystic Kahuna book of prayer on which the eyes of
the unanointed have seldom looked. There is no
others, is in the office of the chief clerk
of the Bureau of Pensions, where all
await the completion of the records
necessary to their adjudication. Up
to date about a hundred applications
have come in, and for the present all
sleep together. All pension applica
tions have to be referred to the War
Department for the record of the sol
dier involved. The muster rolls of the
recent volunteer army are not yet in,
and the records of the soldiers are very
incomplete. Until these records are in
better shape, which may be several
monthß, the Pension Office is held at a
standstill in the adjudication of appli
cations growing out of the existing
war.
The Pension Office has plenty of
work to do, however, ac Commissioner
Evans remarked to me a shert while
ago, because there are pending in that
bureau 635,000 old applications. These
include applications for original pen
sions, increases, accrued and new disa
bilities.
As soon as the official records will al
low a new division will ,be created to
handle the applications growing aut of
the Spanish-American war, work will
be begun upon them and the records
of them will be kept separate from
the other records of the Pension Bu
reau.
The creation of a division to handle
this class of pensions will not involve
any increase in the Pension Office force.
That force was fixed by the law which
went into effect on July 1. The new dl
viyion will be made up of clerks de
tailed from old divisions.
A good number of the new applica
tions now in come from the navy. The
fchips represented are the Winslo-w, the
Hugh McCulloch, the Richmond, the
St. Paul, the Charleston, the Newark,
the Vesuvius, the Yankee, the Marble
head, the Olympia, the Pompoii, the
Vermont, the 'Marion, the Saturn, the
Wabaah, the Puritan, the lowa and the
Brooklyn. The list is somewhat indica
tive of the ships that have been en
gaped in the various mix-ups.
The pension applications indicate that
Elijah B. Tunnell, who was killed on
board the Winslow in Cardenas har
bor, was not only a good sailor, but an
important man to his people. His
widow, Eliza J. Tunnell, follows Mrs.
Hook as second on the list of appli
cants. A little further down the list
comes Sarah Tunnell, who claims a
pension as the dependent mother of
Elijah B. In the investigation to fol
low the claim of the widow will be first
considered. Frank Randall, the late
chief engineer of the Hugh McCulloch,
furnishes another instance of double
applications. His mother and his minor
children have applied for pensions on
account of his death.
Two applications have come in from
the Richmond, Oscar L. Rose.- as an in
valid sailor, and Margaret Walker, the
widow of Charles W. Walker.
The tragic death on the Brooklyn, the
only death to occur in the famous de
struction of Cervera.'s fleet, is already
recorded in the Pension Office. It will
be remembered that George H. Ellis,
while standing within two feet of Com
modore Schley during the memorable
chase of the Cristobal Colon, had hia
head taken off by a shell. The instance
was mentioned in Commodore Schley's
report to Admiral Sampson, except
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
pause in the breathless flow of soft short syllables,
no modulation in the single tone of Kahaleauki's
voice. It was like the deep voice of the surf pounding
on the shore, like the sullen roar of fire caged, like
the voice of Pele burning in her hills. The love that
comes in answer to that call must be a strange, un
holy thing.
"It means nothing," says the brown boy, "because
it was not done over the awa and because there is
no woman to eat the sugar cane and the little milo
seeds.
But I was glad that it was done.
"Now," said the brown boy, "give him your awa
root."
I put forward the little bundle I had brought.
Kahaleauki touched the smooth, black stone and it
was swallowed in his hand. The spell of silence was
cast. Spreading it wide in his brown fingers, still
supple as a child'?, the Kahuna Kahaleauki read in
the ir.vr root the story of my sleepless nights. He
laid It before him on the tapa square and as I looked
upon it the smooth black stone was there beside the
rest.
I shivered and awoke my hen. It struggled feebly
and I stroked it with my Judas hand. Kahaleauki
spoke to the brown boy and the brown boy translated
him to me.
"Night falls on Hawaii nei and she sleeps. Only
that the modest commodore did not in
timate that but for the accident of a
few inches of space the shell might
have taken off his own head instead of
that of Chief Yeoman Ellis.
Ellis was enrolled on the Brooklyn as
chief yeoman on May 3, 1597, in the city
of Brooklyn, Kings County, N. Y. The
application for a pension was made by
his widow, a young woman of 22, be
fore a notary in Brooklyn on July 13
and filed in the Pension Office July 14.
It states that her husband "died at
Santiago July 3, 189S, struck by a
shell."
John G. Switzenich applies for a pen
sion as the dependent father of Ernest
Switzenich, who lost his life on the
Marblehead.
Among the applicants for invalid
pensions are Charles McCarthy of th".
"Vesuvius, Thomas Devine of the Ma
rion, Charles Lowry of the Saturn and
James Quinney of the Wabash.
The only high officer of the army in
whose name a pension has been asked
is Lieutenant Colonel John M. Hamil
ton of the Ninth United States Cav
alry. The application is made by his
widow, Isabel Bowie Hamilton, and it
states in thrilling phrase that he was
killed July 1 at the head of his com
mand while storming a hill at San
Juan.
It is noticeable that so far not an ap
plication has been received on account
of any of Roosevelt's Rough Riders,
who experienced the heaviest loss of
the war while driving the Spaniards
back into Santiago.
While only a hundred pension appli-
Continued on Page 26.
BY ALICE RIX
the foreign woman lies sleepless. The awa will tell."
The eyes of Kahaleauki held me. I could not close
mine and yet they felt strangely heavy, weighted by
something that was not sleep.
"Now," said the brown boy, "he says I must chew
tha awa."
But I had not heard him speak. I saw the stone
was gone again*. from the corner of the tapa mat.
Kahaleauki fell forward in the position of Kahuna
prayer. His smooth brown legs crossed before him.
his smooth brown arms outspread, his wrinkled hands
with their supple fingers resting on the floor. His
eyes were lowered. The lids were still; the bronze
anchor of his nostrils undisturbed by any passing
breath. The red of the cloth upon his head took some
light from the returning sun and cast a glow over his
immobile mask. He sat like a thing of bronze. And
the brown boy beside him chewed and chewed the
awa root. As he chewed he swallowed the Juice,
which is the essence of dreams and drunken ecstasies,
and cast the pulp from his mouth into the larger
ahu awa on the mat. And when there was enough
he poured water over it and taking a bunch of the
straw he rolled it between his hands and dipped it
into the cup In which the fluid had gathered the color
and consistency of muddy coffee and squeezed it about
like a sponge and wrung it out nearly dry with the
particles of the awa root clinging all over it; these
he shook off and dipped and squeezed the straw again
and again until the liquid pure remained in the awa
cup.
The Kahuna raised his eyes. He took a ti leaf
from the tapa and stripped a thin piece from its
center and dipped it in the awa cup. Then he laid it,
wet, into the smaller cup and poured the awa from
the other over it. Then he returned to the posture
of prayer and began again that breathless chant.
No, not that — another. This monotone was' vibrant
with meaning, vitality, force, fire, all that the other,
dreadful as it was, had lacked. It surged, a single
exhalation, above the awa cup and watching, listening
always, I saw the bubbles rise. The Kahuna rocked
and swayed. The light was on his face that never
was on land or sea. My head swam, my hands shook.
I said to myself, "It is the power of this sound." But
I did not know then what power it was nor do I now.
The prayer ceased. The stone was gone. The Kahuna
spoke. The brown boy translated.
"The foreign woman has enemies. A curse is laid
on her pillow to keep sleep away. The awa teils."
Kahaleauki stretches out his hands toward the awa
cup. His eyes are tixed upon the hen that lies across
my knees. The stone is gone. The brown boy sits
motionless, his calm, soft glance is on his master's
face. It shows neither fear nor expectancy. My own
I know is filled with both. The Kahuna sounds his
dreadful note. He has fallen forward, praying, on
his hands. His baleful eyes glow closer to the bird.
His lips curl upward from his teeth. They gleam
white upon white against his beard. His head rocks
to and fro, his body sways between his rigid arms,
his supple fingers bent upon the Hour.
Something crawls over me, stopping the beat of
my heart, chilling the breath in my nostrils. I feel
a weight on my temples, a weight on my breast, a
weight on my nerveless hands. I long to cry out and
I cannot. I long to rise and I cannot. Then all long-
Ing passes away. I think that I am sleeping and I
do not care to wake. I think that I am dying and I
do not care to live. Sound, sound, sound! It is all
that I am conscious of.
And slowly I come to know that this sound has
ceased. I hear nothing but I see again. I see the
Kahuna sitting cross-legged before his tapa mat,
drinking the awa from the bowl. I see the brown boy
with his soft, calm glance upon his master's face.
I feel the blood returning to my heart, the warmth
to my hands. I can rise easily now, I think, and I
am mad to be gone. I stir slightly and slip back
again. The brown boy gives me his hands and I rise
unsteadily to my feet. Something falls from my skirts.
I look down and see the hen lying dead upon the floor.18
THE MAN WITH THE MICROSCOPIC EYE.
A MAN WITH ORDINARY EYES HAS TO USE A POWERFUL MICROSCOPE TO
READ WHAT GENERAL BOMBERGER WRITES WITHOUT THE USE OF GLASSES
WHT has not man a micro
scopic eye?
For this plain reason,
man is not a fly.
So wrote Alexander Pope, long years
ago, and to-day in San Francisco, the
man with the microscopic ?ye has
SEARCH LIGHTS ARE THE LATEST AMUSEMENT OF MILLIONAIRES
"Eorax King" Smith, A. Schilling and other capitalists haye erected towers for them on their Lake Merritt properties. Every night they turn the great shafts of light on the beauties of the countryside
% for their own and their guests' pleasure.
SEARCHLIGHT towers rising amid
beautiful grounds is the latest
fad amons Oakland's millionaires
who have built palatial resi
dences around Lake Merritt.
Probably no spot in the center of any
city in any country admits of so much
possibility in the way of the artistic
and attractive as the splendid water
park which nature placed in the heart
cf Oakland.
Within the pact three years the scenic
country around the lake has been
chosen by many wealthy Callfornians
and retired Hawaiian planters as the
place for their homes, and now a move
ment is on foot to render this beauty
spot a place where the public can enjoy
itself without let or hindrance..
One of the most noticeable attempts
to improve the shores of Lake Merritt
was that of A. Schilling, who installed
an electric light plant permitting of
various colored effects along the edge
of the water washing his estate and
also around his grounds. This was fol
lowed by the erection of a powerful
searchlight, which on frequent oc
casions ha« amused hundreds who live
In the vicinity of the water park.
HAS THE MOST REMARKABLE PAIR OF EYES 3N THE WORLD.
been found, and faith, he's scarcely
larger than a fly. A diminutive body,
big Mtle and a microscopic eye — these
are the varied and treasured posses
sions of General Solomon Bamberger,
bookkeeper and manager of the Pacific
American Decorative Company.
The magnifying power of his eye is
equal to the strongest microscope
that { s made. His handwri: ig is the
This searchlight was at once declared
to be one of the most desirable addi
tions to the natural beauty around the
lake. A little to the south, on the
darkest of nights, the large arc illumi
nated by the searchlight reveals with
great distinctness the boathouse along
side of Twelfth street dam, the pictur
esque yachts at anchor and any car
riages that may be driving along the
boulevard. A little to the north the
light brings out the pretty Sacred
Heart College, surrounded by ancient
oaks. On Adams Point, which may
soon become a public park, one of the
prettiest sylvan scenes in the county
can be seen on the blackest nights
with a distinctness possible on a clear
day.
On the opposite side of the lake from
the Schilling place is the oalatial home
of Millionaire Frank Ml Smith, the
"Borax King." This is the finest and
largest home in California, and the
latest addition to its many attractions
is a tall tower which has been erected
in a line with Fourth avenue on a
wooded hill from which a commanding
view can be had of the lake and the
scenery around it. This tower is just
completed and in it will be at once in
stalled a more powerful light than that
which has on many occasions been di
rected at the Smith mansion from
acroßS Lake Merritt.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
A FEW OF THE THINGS THE
MAN WITH THE MICRO
SCOPIC EYE CAN EASILY DO
WITHOUT THE USE OF
GLASSES.
I— Write the Lord's Prpyer and
sign bis name and the date
Inside q circle that can be
covered by the end of a lead
pencil-
2— Write the rjarne, George
Washington, with a lead pen
cil so very small that the
connected letters will look
like a ha*" to the observer,
but under the microscope
every letter will stand out
distinctly.
3— Wrl'.e the Declaration of In
dependence on a postage
stamp so that It may easily
be read under a microscope.
smallest in the world. By placing his
eye quite near an object he tan, with
out the assistance of any glass what
ever, plainly discern and even exam
ine the texture and structure of an ob
ject so minute as to be invisible to the
ordinary naked eye.
With a penc'! fharpened to an infln
itesimally small point, this unusual
man can inscribe a man's full name
CAPITALISTS fIBOUT LAKE MERRITT HAVING FUN LIGHTING UP THE SCENERY AT NIGHT WITH THEIR NEW SEARCHLIGHTS.
REMARKABLE FEAT IN MICROSCOPIC WRITING
The hair lines in the above circle are photographed from a copy of
Schiller's poem, "The Greatness of the World." The text of the poem
will be found below. On acount of the coarseness of printing ink and
rjaoer this extraordinary feat of the man with the microscopic eye can
not be accurately reproduced for the reader; but in the original every
letter is distinct, plain, and the whole poem may be easily read. General
Bamberger wrote it without using glasses to help his sight.
upon a piece of p:.per in writing so fine
that It looks like a tiny hair upon the
page, and yet, under a powerful micro
scope each letter is distinctly and per
fectly formed. .
Within a circle that can be covered
by the end of an ordinary lead pencil,
he can write not only the Lord s
Prayer, but his n^me and the date as
well. He uses for this purpose a
number 1000 Gillctt pen, the finest pe.n
point made. „ ,-
When writing, the general s eye s
not two inches from the p per, his
cheek rests upon his hand, and there
is scarcely a perceptible movement of
the pen. His xtraordinary steadiness
of nerve he attributes to the fact that
he has never used tobacco in any form.
A man o.Tered to back him a short
time since in a bet of one thousand
dollars that th was not another man
In the world who could write a hand
bo small. „ .. .
He is probably the smallest man that
ever supported the dignified title of
general. In his long-tailed coat and
Bilk hat he is a quaint little figure. His
countenance beams with kindliness
and gentleness, and it seems strange
that a body of such minute proportions
should be the tenement of so large a
soul. Despite the sixty-five winters
and summers that have passed over the
little man's head, old Father Time has
treated him most kindly, for not one
white hair has he dropped in passing.
The general has had a remarkable
career as well as an interesting per
sonal history. He was born In Louis
ville, Ky., and when the Civil War
broke out was one of the first to offer
his services to his country. Leaving be
hind him a property valued at $2,000,
000, as a common private he commenced
his scramble up the ladder of fame.
Nor did he once stop until he had
reached the rung upon which was in
scribed "Brevet Brigadier General."
In his capacity as private secretary
to General Joseph E. Johnston, and af
terward to Jefferson Davis, most of the
secret correspondence of the war passed
through his hands. He also drew the
plan of the battle of Bull Run. At the
termination of the war he emerged to
find his property destroyed and that he
had not so much as a 10-cent piece.
For all his lost fortune, for the
merry time he might have had, he has
no regrets. He says he is a better man
than he would have been had he had
his vast fortune to squander in riotous
living, for he frankly admits that when
the war began he was rapidly progress
ing toward the canines.
The general is a blithesome little bach
elor. He has managed to steer his bark
clear of the shoals and breakers that
beset the sea of matrimony, although
he had one hair-breadth escape. So
anxious was the "woman in the case"
to place the halter round his neck that
when somebody as a jest remarked that
she and the general wore engaged she
at once sent out cards announcing their
engagement. The first indication he
had that the remark had "taken" was
when, accosted by a friend the follow
ing day, he was offered congratula
tions. However, he managed to escape
without any serious injury.
General Bamberger's eye is probably
the most remarkable of its kind in the
world. He wears a number four myo
pic glass, which is nearly the strongest
made and which is entirely inadequate
to his needs.
Interesting and extraordinary as this
gentleman's vision appears to the lay
mind, it must be ever more so to that
of the man of science. The peculiarity
of the eye lies in the formation of the
retina, for an eye capable of distin
guishing objects of extraordinary min
uteness must have a retina in
which the rods a d cones are extraor
dinarily minute. A part of General
Bamberger's abnormal acuity of vision
for near objects is explained by his ex
treme myopia (nearsightedness), for a
myopic eye is in a sense a magnifying
glass. There is nothing unusual in the
appearance of the eye. It is clear and
bright, there is no undue distension or
contraction of the pupil, nor fullness of
tho cornea. The writing which General
Bamberger has been kind enough to
do for The Call, and which, it will be
seen, fills a space that can easily be
covered by a nickel, will, if placed un
der a powerful microscope, be found to
be the following poem of Schiller, "The
Greatness of the World":
Through the world, which the Spirit,
creative and kind,
First formed out of chaos, I fly like
the wind
Until, on the strand
Of its billows I land.
My anchor cast forth where the
breeze blows no mere,
And Creation's last boundary stands
on the shore.
I saw infant stars into Being arise.
For thousands of years to roll on
through the skies;
I paw them in play
Seek their goal far away—
For a moment my fugitive gaze wan
dered on—
I look'd round me, anrl lo! all those
bright stars had flown! pp r-^-'=r -^-'=
Madly yearninp to reach the dark
kingdom of Night,
*an-- Form -Letters'- So Small That ' They Cannot
H Be Seen With the Naked Eye. §■ ;
GENERAL SOLOMON BAMBERGER, the Man With the Microscopic Eye
Oculists Declare He Has the Most Extraordinary Pair of Eyes in the World
From a Photograph.
I boldly steer on with the speed of the
light;
All misty and drear
The dim heavens appear,
While embryo systems, and seas at
their source,
Are whirling around Sun-Wanderer's
course.
When sudden a Pilgrim I see drawing
near.
Along the lone path— "Stay! What
seekest thou here?"
"My bark, tempest tost.
Seeks the worlcTs dista/it coast.
STRANGE MARRIAGE CEREMONIES.
Marriage by capture, says the Spec
tator, is symbolized more or less in
ceremonies all the world over, except
in such places where it is still the habit
to secure a wif j by knocking her down
first, as the Australian does with his
"waddy" or his "nullanulla." The
Chinaman, if tha parents of his in
tended are obstinate, carries her off;
the Abyssinian carries his wife round
her own house or to his own; and the
Kabyle carries his bride across the
threshold, as do also the Chinese, and
the Swiss in some parts. The Druses
have a regular sham fight in which the
brirle's party drive the bridegroom's
into his own village; and in some Arab
tribes, the Aenezes, for instance, the
bride runs from tent to tent before she
is caught. Crossing the threshold was
and is the most critical period of the
wedding day with all races, not even
excepting the Anglo-Saxon.
I Bail tow'rd the land where tha
breeze blows no more.
And Creation's last boundary standa
on the shore."
"Stay, thou sailest In vain! 'Tlb In
finity yonder!"
" 'Tis Infinity, too, where thou, Pil
grim, would'st wander!
Eagle thoughts that aspire
Let your proud ptnions tirel
For 'tis here that sweet Phantasy,
bold to i. • last.
Her anchor In hopeless dejection must
cast!"
The superstitious fears of the many,
always particularly alert on the occa
sion of a marriage, culminate in this
final act of the drama. The lifting of
the bride over the threshold or her
stepping across it is the signal in Per
sia, .rf.rabia, and among the Kopts of
E°~'pt for the sacrifice of a groat or a
sheep. Among the Aenezes, according
to Burckhardt, the bridegroom simply
kills a lamb in front of his father-in
law's tent, and the ceremony, but for
the running of the bride from one tent
to another, is complete. Perhaps the
purest symbolical act is that of the
Tranpylvanian Saxon Drida.l pair, who
etep over the threshold with their
hands tied together. Some of these
Transylvanian customs are remark
able, and must be survivals from a
very ancient period. The bridegroom
never wears the shirt made for him by
the bride except on his wedding day
and at his burial, just as the veil of
tha Japanese bride becomes one day
her shroud.WHAT A MAN CAN SEE IN SIX WEEKS WITHOUT MONEY
J. W. Goodkind was stranded in New York without any money* In this predicament he decided to start across the continent for San Francisco, What singular adventures he met with, how he fared and
what sights he saw will be found below:
IT is possible to cross the continent
from New York to Fan Francisco
without a cent of money to start
with and have a gojd time in the
bargain.
J. W. Goodkind has just proved it by
actual trial. He arrived in this city a
few days ago and is now stopping at a
Third street hotel, li-" 1 was six weeks
on the journey and seems to be none
.the worse for his venture.
While traveling in this "Goodkind
fashion" has its disadvantage it is not
a speedy way. and at times becomes
dangerous, but on the other hand it has
its bright side.
Everything depends on how the trav
eler regards life.
While ■>!'. th>- j.iurr.ey across the con
tinent Goodkind had some of the most
enjoyable days. Without a cent in his
pock-'t he was whirled ihmugh beauti
ful valleys on fast express trains. He
rode on palace steamers and enjoyed
the sichts "f the great lakes. He vis
ited many cities. He witnessed a num
ber of imp"sins ceremonies. And as a
sort of side jaunt he visited several
noted summer resorts.
Many people would be inclined to
look upon Goodkind's achievement as
a a Ties of hardships, and such indeed
It might be, provided only the hard
ships were picked out. But to a man
who looks at the bright side it has a
good deal of the pleasure trip ;jbout it.
Groodkind* telis his story, it is
plain that he suffered little and en
SOMALILAND, August 3.— Toward the end of my leave
we heard from the natives that elephants had fol
lowed tht- rain down from the hills. The place where
they had been seen was fully three days' march dis
taru. so we struck camp at once and moved off.
On the third day, when returning from an unsuccessful
hunt after a lioness we unexpectedly came acrosp a small
herd of wild elephants. They had evidently got our wind
and were already on the move. So, hurrying around to
leeward, we lay down in the track which they seemed to
be fallowing. As soon as the elephants lost our wind they
apparently lost their heads also for the time being and
for several moments moved round and round in a circle.
This should have been our opportunity, but the shikaries
(trackers) were, over-cautious, ::r.d W-fore we could get
within shot they had disappeared. The following day we
struck off in the direction which yesterday's elephants
seemed to have taken, and during the morning came on the
fresh tracks of what was probably another herd of about
the same size.
Three or four hours' tracking brought us up with the
elephants, which were scattered through the bush, feeding
as they went. The wind was hanily right. As we moved
round we came in full view of a large female elephant, and
BO had to lie motionless where we found ourselves till she
shifted her position, which was not until the whole herd
had moved off. It seemed as if they wert going to escape
us: but we followed steadily and an hour later again came
up with them, this time gathered together in the one place.
I was determined to get a shot if possible, and so, fol
lowed by my shikaries, ran up to the herd in a crouching
position. At first there appeared to be nothing but cows
and calves, the former of which did not charge, as they
often do in similar circumstances, but, herding the calves
together with their trunks, shambled off through the bush.
As I hesitated a moment what to do the bull came crashing
in to join the herd, but turned away the moment he caught
eight of me.
This compelled me to do something at once or allow the
elephant to escape. The only chance was a slim one and
a dangerous one.
Knowing full well that I could not kill the monster I
fired at what I could see of him. The shot took effect In
the way I had expected.
Instantly he stopped, allowing the rest of the herd to
break away through the forest. Then he turned and
caught sight of me. With a snort of rage and pain he
charged through the underbrush. Trees as thick as a
mnn's body he smashed like matches and the earth shook
under his heavy tread as if a railroad train were passing.
This was a most trying moment and called for the
A LIVING TOAD IN A SNAKE.
I should bo obliged by your insr-rting the
following experience if you think it re
markable:
Yesterday we killed an adder (?) here
about 38 inches long, and seeing that he
had made a meal evidently some little
time before, out of curiosity we opened
him and extracted a large tond, which
was about half-way down the snake's in
terior, or about eighteen inchos.
The toad, whose head wa i much wider
than the snake's and whose body was
many times as large as his enemy's head,
we of course all thought must be dead;
and we laid him on a flower bed, wonder-
Inp how h4? could have got inside the
snake at ail, for it certainly seemed a
case of the greater being contained in the
less. Of course we knew the marvelous
stretching powers of a snake's jaws, but
this seemed to eclipse them all.
As we watched the toad he seemed to
move, so we bethought ourselves of try-
Ing to revive him, and, alter pouring
water freely over him and whisky and
water down his throat, we were intense
ly astonished to see him revive, so much
so that he stood upon all-fours, blown out
like a balloon, and made a kind of a dart
at a stick in the most comical way.
Eventually "Jonah," Rn we promptly
christened him, disappeared among the
flowers. ' Can any of your readers quote
a like case of resuscitation? Perhaps
some of them might be able to afford In
formation as to the probable duration of
the toad's entombment.
F. W. MAJOR.
Woodlands, Bettws-y-coed, N. Wales, Au
gust 2. ; * - " ' ;"■:*>.%;■
joyed life for all there was in it while
on the road.
"'Six weeks ago I was 'broke' in New
York," he said, in narrating his expe
rience. "I had not a cent to my name,
and there was no work in sight. One
morning I was compelled to go without
breakfast. I killed the foreroon wan
dering up and down the wharves, won
dering what I should do. Everything
I had owned in the world had been sold.
My room rent was up and I looked for
ward to spending the night in the
streets. I surely wnuld have been com
pelled to do this if a happy thought had
not struck me.
" 'Why not go to San Francisco? 1 I
said to myself. I made up my mind
to set out at once. But I was hungry.
"However, a meal came tomethrousrh
a chance meeting with a friend, who
invited me to dine with him. I told
him that I was going West. If I had
asked him for a loan he would not have
given it to me.
"As it was I started off across the
continent with a full stomach. I had
decided to make Buffalo my first ob
jective point and to travel over the Le
high road. The trip was a very pleas
ant one. The weather was perfection,
and nature looked her best. The ride
over the State of Pennsylvania was sim
ply delightful. The mountain scenery
was grand and I enjoyed every bit of it
just as murh as if I had paid my fare
instead of beating my way on thetrain.
"The last part of my journey was
made in a boxcar and was a little
warm and close, but not much more
so, I fancy, than a cushioned parlor car
that passed me at one station on the
HUNTING ELEPHANTS IN SOMALILAND.
"THE SOMALIS TRACKED BACK TO WHERE I HAD SHOT THE ELEPHANTS, AND WE CUT OUT THE IVORY fIND TOOK
THESE PHOTOGRAPHS."
PROPHECY OF COLUMBUS CONCERNING SPAIN AND CUBA.
TT L PROGRESSO ITALO- AMERICANO, a = newspaper printed in New ,
AL PROGRESSO ITALO-AMERICANO, a newspaper printed in New
York City, contained in its latest issue the following remarkable let
/% ter with which is here printed the Italian editor's prefatory note, as
7 V translated by the Berlitz School of Languages,' for the Sunday Post
7* ■ Dispatch. ' v 'v
Christopher Columbus, destitute, sick and starving: at the place where
now is Kingston, Jamaica, wrote to his King and Queen that the New World
by him gained to Spain w6uld|bring ruin to i the latter and thus avenge
the . wrongs and cruel treatment ♦ that this nation has caused him. ; His
words came true. Cuba is the last ' nail " in the ; coffin of dead Spain. That
letter-never reached Spain. v^lt: is in the records of the CouncH House of
Jamaica and it follows: i: '>' J * ■■>-
I Letter of Christopher Columbus.in Jamaica, to King Ferdinand:
JAMAICA, 1504.
DIEGO MENDEZ and the papers that I send through 1 him w,ll show
your Highness that r I discovered in Veragua some. rich gold mines, '
and as I intended to leave my brother at the Kiver Belln, had not
heaven's decree and the greatest misfortunes of the world prevented
me from, carrying out my plan. However, it iis enough that your
Highness as well as your successors should have the glory and advantage
vi alfV and that the completion of discovery > and the f coloniaation should be
reserved to more fortunate pc >ple than the unlucky Columbus. ■ \.
If God 1 grants me to have Mendez reach Spain I : have no doubt that he
will convince your Highness.v my High Lady, that r this -will not be only a
Castilla and; Leon, but the discovery of a world of people, of land-j of wealth,' i*
greater.,'tiia* tixs uivst hguuitesa : human fancy, could itoftgine/ or tha; uvar- ;
. ..- ■ ■■-■"..■.■. . ■ .■ ■ . -. . .-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1893.
road.
"Landing in Buffalo. I went into the
regular washroom at the depot, just
like a first-class passenger, and re
moved all marks of travel. This wash
room was as free to me as if I had been
a paying patron of the road. My
clothes were fairly good and as I sur
veyed myself in the glass I saw that
I presented a fairly good appearance.
"I then hunted a restaurant and told
the proprietor I wanted a bite to eat.
He told me to be seated and brought
out the best he had in the place. You
may be sure I filled up. Then I started
to hunt a job.
"Work was plentiful in Buffalo and
I was soon engaged by a man on the
docks. I had considerable time to my
self and visited all points of interest in
the town. The beautiful parks, the
fine public buildings and any number
of other attractions were all as free as
air.
"But I never forgot while sightsee
ing that I was on my way to San Fran
cisco, so I staid in Buffalo only a few
days, although I must say the town
treated me mighty well.
"Cleveland was my next stopping
place, and I started out with a little
money in my nocket. For 50 cents I
bought a ticket on a lake propeller and
started early in the evening. It was
a most enjoyable moonlight night and
I lay back in a steamer chair, getting
the full benefit of it. . Cabin passen
gers who paid big prices for state
rooms were no better off than I. for it
was too hot to live inside. About mid
night I dozed off and slept until morn
ing.
"Work was not plentiful in Cleveland,
so I put in my time taking in the sights
of the town. I strolled about on the
handsome streets, listened to the mu
sic in the parks and visited all the pub
lic institutions. I staid there only one
day and then took a steamer for To
ledo.
"My second night on the lake was
almost as pleasant as the first. I had
no steamer chair, but had to stretch
out on the deck. However, I slept
comfortably and early in the morning
reached Toledo.
"I got an easy job without any trou
ble and staid in the town several days,
finding the people hospitable and gen
erous. I saw all there was to see and
thoroughly enjoyed myself.
"My next stop was at Detroit, also
on the lake. This stage was not as
romantically pleasant as the others, be-
cause it was not moonlight; but I had
nothing to complain of.
"The Detroit people proved a sorry
lot to me. Work was scarce and grub
was more expensive than at the other
places I had stopped at. I had to econ
omize. But I slept in a eood bed, ate
plenty of fruit, which was cheap, and
had plenty of other things. I kept
myself looking fairly well. There was
not much to see here, but such as it
was I took in and then concluded to
get out.
"Jackson, Mich., was my next stop.
On account of a constitutional short
age in cash I was not spending any
more money than I had to, so I made
the journey on a freight train. There
was no hardship connected with it only
a slight discomfort. The worst blow
I suffered on the trip was when I ar
rived at Jackson and found that it
didn't have a public wash room at the
station just as there had been at all
the other places. You see it was a great
point with me to always look as spruce
and clean as I could when I entered a
city. Work and seeing: sights seemed
to come easier. 1 looked nretty battered
and found out the effect when I struck
a man for a job. He had no use for me.
"This was a lesson that had been
rubbed into me enough and after that
I always specially managed to look
decent whenever I asked for work.
"From now on I simply wandered as
my fancy suited me. Sometimes I
paid small fares and rode for short
distances on the elegant trains chat are
ice Itself could desire, but not by me, nor by this paper, nor by any mortal
tongue could be described the anxiety and the sorrows of my body and
mind, and the destitution and dangers of my son, of my brother and of
my friends.
Ten years already we are bound to this place, lodged <">n the uncovered
decks of, our ships thrown ashore, one against the other; those of my men
who were healthy have deserted me under the Porrasi of Sevilla; my
friends, who remained true to me, are mostly sick or dying; we have con
sumed all food supplies of the Indians, and these have left us now. So, we
are all exposed to starve, and these misfortunes are accompanied by the
worst circumstances, that make me the most unfortunate victim of fate that
this world has ever seen. It seems like God's anger has favored the envy
of Spain, and would punish as criminal deeds the undertakings and dis
coveries that the past ages would have recognized as grand and worthy.
It is evident that one resorts to every means to cut the thread
which is about to break, since I am in my old age, oppressed and afflicted
with unbearable pains of gout, and I am now languishing and dying of this
and other sickness, among the savages, where I cannot find any medicines,
nor proper food for the body, nor a priest, nor sacraments for the soul.
My men are rebelling against me; my brother, my son and those who
remained faithful to me are sick, hungry, dying; the Indians have forsaken
us. The Governor of San Domingo sent to see whether I was dead, rather
than to help us, or to bring me away alive from here, for his boat did not
bring us any letter, nor has communicated with us, nor did they want to
receive any letter from us. I conclude, therefore, that the officers of your
Highness intend that here must end my travels and my life.
Q, holy Mother of God, who has pity on the oppressed, why did not
Bobadilla's knife kill me when he deprived me and my brother of the gold
earned iv such hard manner, and sent us back to Spain without any trial,
constantly running through the coun
try. Sometimes I rode in box cars and
sometimes I walked over the fine coun
try roads. Occasionally I got a lift
from a farmer, but I always made
progress toward the Pacific Coast.
"Whenever a day's work turned up I
did it. If there was no work I kept
moving west. After working a couple
of days at a farm it wes generally the
custom for the people to give me a big
bundle of grub in addition to my pay.
It was always enough to last me sev
eral days. As the weather was pleas
ant I nearly always slept ontdoors
under the shelter of some friendly hay
stack. So you see I needed very little
money.
"Before leaching the Mississippi
River I visited Kalamazoo, Mich., and
spent several hours in the beautiful
public library there. Then I moved
over Into Indiana and took in all the
principal towns, including Wabash,
Logansport. Danville, Decatur, Bloom
ington, Peoria and Burlington. In
most of these cities I was well treated
and could have obtained steady work
at any of the places. But I was bound
for California, the land of plenty. I
was on Westward, ho! business.
'•I crossed the Mississippi on a fine
ferryboat and landed in Burlington, la.,
in the best of shape. I was feeling fine
after my three weeks on the road. The
trip did me good physically and I am
sure I improved my mind, for I saw
many strange and curious things.
"There was very little work to be had
in lowa, as I discovered almost as soon
as I arrived. As my few dollars were
growing smaller I concluded to shake
the dust of the State from my feet as
soon as possible. I stuck to freight
cars as much as possible, but occasion
ally got bounced. I managed to see
what there was to see of Dcs Moines
and Ottumwa and got across the State
in three days. lowa is a beautiful
State and a good producer of farm
products, but the people are cold and
work is scarce for walking gentlemen
of the road.
"From Council Bluffs I crossed the
Missouri on a trolley car and landed in
Omaha, where the big exposition was
in progress. I spent a couple of days
taking in the sights. The exposition
alone was well worth my trip. Words
cannot describe it. I saw more than I
ever expect to see again and thorough
ly enjoyed myself. Just a much so as
if I paid to get in and stopped at the
tinest hotel in town. Omaha is very
hospitable. That is, without any money
I found it so.
"Almost broke I pulled out of Omaha,
on a stock train. Then my troubles
began. I had struck the thin edge of
the Western country. Food was scarce,
work scarcer and the landscape deary.
Across Nebraska it was flat and bare,
and then desolate mountains rose on all
sides as I got into Wyoming..
"Utah was no more encouraging.
"By the time I crossed the Nebraska
line my money was practically all gone
and I had to go along as a 'bum.'
Water to wash with there was none,
and I even went thirsty on more than
one occasion. Food was hard to get be
cause the people who might have given
it to me had not enough for them
selves.
"At night I always slept on the
ground, and occasionally I passed
nights of horror when I heard- the wild
beasts howling around me. Frequently
I heard rattlesnakes hissing near me,
and had to get up and build a fire to
keep them away.
"Ogden was an oasis in the desert,
but times are hard in the State and I
could not get work there. However, I
was well fed and given a place to sleep,
so that the few days I was there I
thoroughly recuperated, and with a
scant layer of fat on my ribs I pushed
on West.
"I got a job in a hay field near Bat
tle Mountain for a few days. The
monpy I earned there got me some
clothes when I got to Reno, so that
when I neared the California line I was
looking like a gentleman. Once more
I began to really enjoy life after those
horrible weeks I had spent on the
deserts of Wyoming, Utah and Nevada.
"At Truckee I thought I had struck
Paradise. Beautiful mountains, cool
streams, big trees and hospitable peo
ple. Food was plenty and nobody
b e e at crush ln to SS de O my T ° miSS my alm meant tO
On the elephant came, his monster body seemingly grow
ng larger with every jump. His trunk was thrown high.
He«, he r bellowing in the wildest marine?
■tie was boiling, with rage.
As I glanced along the sights of my rifle it seemed as
t ,f C i^ moment l . I was an age and the elephant the universe.
I could see nothing but the cavernous mouth, dripping
with foam, and the two cruel tusks of shining ivory
He would not get into the position I wanted. He 'kept
his trunk m the way of a true shot to his brain and each
traction of a second came nearer and nearer '
When the el phant was within fifteen feet of me I re
pulled theVi m e u r st make two Sh tS of finJShi him and
hiJtnpS? 1 gr .f Zed the top of hls head and brought him to
Jtr,, r?£ M llm . P M a rag When the monstrous body
struck the earth the trunk stretched out to wthin one or
two feet of where I was crouching in the underbrush
nia?^ 1 w £ s It,ed1 t , ed no tim I got my rifle in position and
planted a ball right between the elephant's eyes. At the
close range it took instant. effect and with one quiver and
a long-drawn breath the monstrous creature lay dead
Having shot one elephant I now only wanted one more
specimen. That night elephants watered in a water hole
close to the zeriba (camp). We went after them before
daybreak and were still following 'at • midday when we
found where the tracks had been crossed during the night
by a larger herd, in which were several bulls. These latter
we followed and presently ■ discovered gathered together
under a shady forest tree, where the flies seemed to bother
them less than elsew here. The wind blew, in the right direc
tion so the stalk was comparatively easy. I gave the
nearest bull the heart shot with the right barrel, and as
they. paused before moving. off, ran forward and fired the
left into what I thought was the head of the same elephant.
All disappeared in the bush, but, on following up, trumpet
ing in front told us the bullets had taken effect. We found
not only one elephant lying dead, as I had expected but
two.
I had evidently fired at two different animals and thus
unintentionally killed a third elephant. Both had fallen
fully fifteen miles from camp, so we found it necessary to
return at once.
Heavy rain fell during the night and by the time we left
the zeriba the following morning all tracks seemed to an.
unpracticed eye obliterated. The Somalis, however, soon
picked up what remained of the trail, by means of which
we were enabled to discover the dead elephants, cut out
the ivory and take these photographs.
J. JOHNSTON-STEWART.
who see all my sufferings, have mercy
on me. Because, although the pres
ent generation is envious and hard-hearted, rarely the future ages will pity
poor Christopher Columbus, when they will learn that he. risking his own
life and that of his brother, with very little or no expense to the crown
of Spain, in ten years and four voyages rendered more services than any
mortal being has ever rendered to any prince or to any country, and not
withstanding he was left to perish, without being accused ©f the slightest
crime, in poverty, in misery, having taken everything away from him but
his chains, so that he who gave Spain a new world has neither safety nor
a hut for himself nor for his unfortunate family.
But if heaven would continue to persecute me, seeming dissatisfied for
•what I have done, just as if the discovery of this new world should be of
harm to the old one, and as a punishment for this it would allow my life
to end in this miserable place, you, good angels, you, who help the oppressed
and the innocents, bring this sheet to my grand lady. She knows how much
I have done; she will believe what I have suffered for her glory and service;
she will be just and kind enough not to allow that the children of the one
who gave Spain such untold wealth, such vast and unknown kingdoms and
empires, should be without any food and should only live of alms.
She, if she lives, will consider that cruelty and ungratefulness will ex
cite the anger of heaven, the wealth discovered by me will become an in
strument to excite the entire mankind to revenge and to robbery, ;.nd
Spain will suffer what just now her envious, malignant and ungrateful teo
ple cause others to suffer.
Within a few months after writing this letter Columbus was returned
to Spain, where he lay a long time in prison awaiting trial.
The total length of the world's telegraph I A horse will live twenty-five days with,
system has now reached 4,908,921 miles. I out food, merely drinking water. "
would let me go hungry. I was in God's
country, sure enough.
"I could easily have ridden down the
mountains on a freight train, but I con
cluded to walk and get the full benefit
of the glorious yiews of mountain
scenery. I was feeling happy again
and was thoroughly enjoying life. For
a very little bit of work people gave me
food and money besides.
"The walk through the snow sheds
was thoroughly enjoyable.
"I had a glimpse of Dormer Lake and
the grandest views on all sides of me
for miles and miles. Then I spent a
day or so in the big orchards of the
Sacramento Valley, and when I had
seen all I wanted to see, moved on to
San Francisco.
"Here I am, still enjoying myself.
The Pala.ce Hotel is a grand place and
well worth traveling miles to. No, I
am not stopping there, but nobody has
refused me permission to see the beau
ties of its magnificent court and splen
did halls. But there are so many
things to see in San Francisco, all with
out money and without price, that I
am glad to be here.
"This 1s the best place I have struck
and a fitting wind-up to my pleasure
trip across the continent, which I made
without a cent to start out with."
The Museum of Natural History. New
York, has recently acquired one of the
finest collections of butterflies in the
world. The specimens were secured in
every part of the earth by scores of col
lectors. High prices are paid for butter
flies, and some private collections, such
as that of the Hon. W. Rothschild at
Tring, Herts, are said to be worth £100 -
000. more or less. Some New Guinea but
terflies have fetched £50 apiece. One of
the Rothschilds is said to have paid £200
for a Papilio, now quite common. The
demand for rare specimens has led to dis
honesty. The insects are dyed, or else
wings from one species are fastened to
the bodies of other species.
without any crime .without even a
shadow of bad conduct.
Let the whole world and every jus
tice and mercy loving- soul weep for
me. And you, glorious saints of God,
you who know of my innocence, and
1920
Special to the Sunday Call.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 9.—
The Government has just
pubMshed a huge volume
called a Statistical Atlas,
which in its way its the
most remarkable work eveT
Issued. Its price is large and the edi
tion so limited that few persons be
sides Congressmen and public librari
ans ■will be able to get copies. Chiefly
by means of colored maps and charts
it gives an immense amount of infor
mation about the greatest variety of
Interesting matters connected with
this country and the people who in
habit it.
For example, it is interesting to
learn that the women of this country
do not bring as many children Into the
world as they formerly did. There
has been a marked decrease, in fact,
within the last few years. The size
of the average family, since 1850, has
LOST HIS LESS IN THE
SEARCH FOR GOLD
AROUND an uptown hotel, where
the returned Klondikers mostly
gather, you will find many evi
dences of the wealth which this
wondrous region has given up.
You will see the successful pros
pector, his baps filled with gold dust,
taking his ease in an armchair, and en-
Joying the beet which the pleasure
loving city of San Francisco can furn
ish. There is an air of well-to-do
prosperity about the place. The men
whn are there have risked every form
of danger and hardship, but they have
made their pile, and are going to have
a good time while they are about it.
Life goes easily in this quarter. For
these favored individuals there is no
daily routine of business duty, no tire
some office hours. Their time is their
own. They have nothing to do but to
spend their money, and all around them
is abundant facility.
But the Klondike has its wrecks as
well as its successes. Some there are
His Legs Were Frown While Drowsing in Camp.
UNCLE SAM`S NEW ATLAS
THIS
GREAT
WORK
gives
all the
x°ARTICU
LARS.
IN
REGARD
TO
the most
IMPORTANT
SOCIAL,
PHYSICAL,
FINANCIAL
and
INDUSTRIAL
FEATURES
of cur
commonwealth
who come safely to shore, their pockets
lined with gold dust; but more have
fallen by the way, or have only reached
civilization in a crippled and exhausted
state. There are those whose feet have
been frozen and who limp painfully
about on crutches, wearing soft moc
rnpln footgear. Others have left fin
gers or ears In the bitter north as
traces of their gold hunting adventure.
But of all the physical wrecks which
the Klondike has sent to San Francisco
the most remarkable is the boy who
W. E. BYRNE, pla.Kar, Miner.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
diminished from a little over five and
a half persons to a little less than five.
Figures prove that people in the
Southern States have the largest num
ber of children, while in New England
the families axe smallest. For an il
lustration, Louisiana has double as
many children under five years as
Maine, in proportion to population.
Out of every 100 persons in the
United States 51.21 are males and 45.79
are females. The excess of men over
women in the entire country, there
fore, is very large. Ten per cent of
the women and 1 per cent of the mi n
marry between 15 and 20. In the total
population the proportion of divorced to
married persons is about one to 100; but
among- the native whites it is a little
higher than that, and among the ne
groes it is largest. The proportion of
divorced people in the Atlantic States
is less than half of 1 per cent; in the
Mississippi Valley it is between one
half and 1 per cent, and in the far
West it ranges from 1 to- 2 per cent.
Thirteen out of every 10,000 people in
the United States are in prison. Sev
enteen out of every 10,000 are insane,
the number being divided almost
equally between- the sexes. Race
seems to have a marked relation to
mental disturbances. Nineteen out of
every 10,000 whites are crazy, while
only nine out of every 10.000 colored
folks are similarly afflicted. Of the na
tive whites fourteen out of every 10,0*30
are mad, and of the foreign-born 39
out of every 10,000. This fieems to
prove that colored folks are much
less liable to insanity than whites, and
the foreign-born much more so "than
native Americans.
The tendency to insanity is greatest
among the Irish and next among the
Hungarians. It is comparatively small
among the Germans and British, and
least of all among the Canadians.
Women go crazy later In life than men
do, apparently.
Fifteen out of every 10.000 people in
this country are idiots or feeble-mind
ed. Of these 55 per cent are males and
45 per cent females. Race again
seems to have an important influence
in this matter. Sixteen out of every
10.000 whites are feeble-minded and
only fourteen out of every 10,000 col
ored. The tendency toward idiocy ap
pears to be greatest among those of
Hungarian stock and least among
those of Italian oriein.
Seven out of every 10,000 inhabitants
of the United States . are deaf and
dumb. Of these 55 percent are males
and 45 per cent females. The affliction
is much less common among colored
people • than among whites. Agafn in
this case the Hungarians are the great
est sufferers, fourteen out of every 10,
000 being deaf-mutes. The next in rank
are the Russians, while the Italians
are but little troubled with this sort
of defect. Eight out of every 10,000
persons in this country are blind. Of
these 55 per cent are males and 45 per
cent females. The affliction Is most
prevalent among those of Hungarian,
lost his legs in the search for the pre
cious metal.
Withal he is the most cheerful spirit
In the quarter. He can dance a jig
or sing a song with any man who still
retains his four members. The loss
of his legs does not worry W. B. Byrne
a little bit. He is naturally of a
modest and retiring disposition, and
does not deßire publicity. "There, I
trope you fellows will let me alone after
this," he said when the artist had fin
ished his sketch. "I don't want to be
made an awful example of."
Byrne is a wonderful instance of Cel
tic pluck and energy. He is a Chicago
boy, of Irish parentage, and is only
19 years of age. Yet he went into Daw
son a couple of years ago and did well
there, y It was when coming out over
the cHjflkoot last year that he met with
his terrible mutilation.
"I vas with my uncle, Mr. Maguire,
and a large party," he remarked. "We
had been working hard all day and
when we camped at night I sat down,
worn out, before the fire. I was sound
asleep before I knew anything about it,
and when they woke me up both my
legs were frozen from the knees down
ward.
"What did it feel like? I didn't feel
anything at first, my legs were simply
numb. It was when they thawed out
that the trouble began. My friends
Carried to the Surgeon.
REMARKABLE REVELATIONS OF
UNCLE SAM'S NEW ATLAS.
Consumption causes twelve out of every hundred deaths each year.
American women are not bearing as many children as formerly.
Marriage is on the decrease.
One person in every hundred is divorced.
Less than half of our population are church goers.
The Catholic Church has the largest percentage of members.
One person in every ten thousand is in jail.
Irish and French origin, and least
common among those of Scandinavian
and Italian stock.
Consumption kills nearly 12 per cent
of the people of the United States
sooner or later. Pneumonia is the com
plaint next most fatal, carrying off
nearly 9 per cent. Diarrhaeal diseases
destroy 8.5 ncr cent, and dinththeria
and croup account for 5 per cent more
of the deaths. Enteric fever is re
sponsible for 3 per cent, and cancers
and tumors for 2.4 per cent. Malarial
fever wipes out 2.2 per cent of the in
habitants of the country, and child
birth 1.3 per cent. Measles is account
able for 1.2 per cent of the deaths,
whoopinc-cough for 1 ncr cent, and
scarlet fever for three-quarters of 1 per
cent.
The greatest mortality from con
sumption occurs on the Pacific Coast
and in the eastern part of the Upper
rubbed me with snow, the only thing
you can do for frostbite, but It was
eight hours before the circulation com
menced again. Then it was too late.
My feet felt exactly as if some one was
pouring molten lead through my veins.
It was an awful torture and it was use
less. Nothing could save my legs. Mor
tification set in and they took me back
to Five Fingers, where there was a
doctor who amputated both ray legs,
about six inches below the knee. I was
all right in a month and then I went
back to Dawson and came out down the
Yukon.
"Kind to me? I should say the boys
were. Every man's bag of dust was
open for me to take just what I wanted.
And when I left they made up a purse
for me. I am not going to say just how
much It was."
Popular rumor has it that Mr.
Byrne's generous Klondike friends col
lected no less than $3700 for him and
probably this estimate Is not much out
of the way. At any rate, in spite of
his terrible sufferings, he 18 at his ease
now and free from all financial worries.
Though his complexion is somewhat
pale he seems perfectly strong and is
able to hop about on his stumps with
surprising agility. He does not need
any crutches, only a couple of diminu
tive walking sticks which aid him in
keeping his balance. At present he goes
pn. hjo knees, presenting a curiously
Mississippi Valley. Pneumonia is most
prevalent in the Rocky Mountain re
gion and in Eastern Texas. Diphtheria
is worst in the Rocky Mountain re
gion, on the plains and prairies, and
near the great lakes. Cancer and tu
mor appear to increase with density of
population, their victims being more
numerous proportionately in New Eng
land and the northern part of the Miss
issippi Valley than elsewhere. Mala
rial fever is most destructive in Eas
tern Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas,
Southern Missouri and the cotton belt.
Measles range most persistently in the
southern mountain regions, and whoop
ing cough is particularly fatal in the
southern Appalachians. The danger
from scarlet fever is greatest among
the Rocky Mountains and in the plains
region. Heart disease and dropsy kill
most people in the upland country of
New England and on the South Atlan
tic coast.
The total wealth of the United States
— i. c., the value of the property of the
people and the Government — was $7,
130,000,000 in 1850. Since then it has in
creased to $65,037,000,000. The wealth
per capita was $308 in 1850; it is now
$1036 — a very decent little sum for
every mari, woman and child in the
country, if it wore only allotted equally.
New York is the richest State, being
worth more than eight and a half bil
lions of dollars. Pennsylvania comes
next with nearly seven billions, and
Illinois is third, wifh over five billions.
Ohio has nearly four billions. Massa
chusetts more than three, and then fol
low in order California. Missouri, lowa,
Texas, Indiana ajid Michigan. Nearly
two-thirds of the total wealth of the
country is In real estate and improve
ments, and about 13 per cent is in rail
road c.
New York State owns one-eighth of
the entire wealth of the country. Penn
dwarfed appearance, but there are
brighter prospects in store.
"I will have my feet next week," he
said, "and the> I will stand five fe?»t
eight inches high, only one inch lec*s
than my original height. .1 am having
false feet made by the best firm here.
They are to have springs and all kinds
of patent appliances, so that I can
walk about in a natural manner."
The boy's spirit is undaunted and if
he does not come out of the Klondike
a multi-millionaire it will not be for
want <>f perseverance. He owns shares
in three claims near Dawson, and all
through this winter his partners will, be
busy in getting out the frozen gravtl.
"I am going in again in February
and then we will have a big wash-up."'
"But do you think you can stand an
other winter there?"
"When a man has been through as
much as I have," he answered proudly,
"he can endure anything. I will get
over the pass somehow, even If I have
to go in a sled. But I guess I can walk
pretty well," and he danced round the
room on his stumps to show his ac
tivity. "You see, I will go in before the
snow melts, so that there will l:e no
trouble in getting over the Chilkoot."
Mr. Byrne, while he feels pretty se
cure as to his own holdings, does not
anticipate any* big rush to Dawson this
year. "Everything is pretty well taken
up," he said. "All the payable ground
on the creeks for miles around has been
staked out, and the newcomer has no
chance. I do not know how the newly
discovered diggings at Lake Atlin and
other places will turn out yet. But it
is evident that the center of mining ac
tivity must shift from Dawson to fresh
districts." J. P. ROSE-SOLEY.
AND HE DIDN'T.
"I shall have to ask you for a ticket
for that boy, ma'am."
"I guess not." _
"He's too old to travel free. He oc
cupies a whole seat, and the car's
crowded. There are people standing
up."
"That's all right."
"I haven't any time to argue the mat
ter, ma'am. You'll have to pay for
that boy."
"I've never paid for him yet, tnd I'm
not going to begin to do it now."
"You've got to begin doing it some
time. If you haven't had to put up any
fare for him you're mighty lucky, or
else you don't do much traveling."
"That's all right."
"You'll pay for that boy, ma'am, or
I'll stop the train and put him off."
"That* s all right. You put him off if
you think that's the way to get any
thing out of me."
"You ought to know what the rules
of this road are, madam. How old is
that boy?"
"I don't know. I never saw him be
fore. If you want a ticket for him you'd
better ask that old gentleman down the
aisle. He got on with him."— Chicago
Tribune.
sylvania follows with about one-tenth
and Illinois come; next with about a
twelfth of the riches of the United
States. The richest States, in propor
tion to population, however, are those
of the far West, while the poorest are
those of the far South. In other words,
the average citizen of the far West is
best off, while he of the South is most
impoverished. In Nevada the average
human inhabitant owns $2220 worth of
real estate and improvements; in Ari
zona he possesses $1600 worth; in Mon
tana, Wyoming and Washington he
has only a little less. In New York
he has nearly $1000 worth, and in Mas
sachusetts he possesses a little over
5800 in this shape. In the Gulf States
and the Carolinas he comes down to
$100 worth or less.
Nearly one-third of the church-goers
of the United States are Roman Cath
olics. Considerably more than one
fifth are Methodists. More than one
sixth are Baptists. One church-goer
in sixteen is a Presbyterian and one in
seventeen a Lutheran. One in thirty
nine is an Episcopalian and one in
thirty-nine a Congngationalist. The
balance of the church-going people is
split up into minor sects. New Mexico
is almost wholly Roman Catholic;
Arizona is three-quarters Catholic;
Massachusetts, Wyoming and Nevada
are two-thirds Catholic; Connecticut,
Colorado and California are half Cath
olic. Methodists are strongest in Dela
ware, South Carolina and Florida,
numbering 50 per c .t of the church
goers. Baptists are most numerous in
Mississippi, Georgia and Virginia,
claiming 50 per cent and upward in
those States. Twelve in every thir
teen religious people in Utah prefer the
Mormon faith. Two in three are Mor
mons in Idaho and one in eleven in
Nevada.
New Mexico is the most pious section
of the Union, with 68 per cent of its
SINGULAR WORK OF
AN EARTHQUAKE
0 lustration Is from a photograph, and gives some idea of the
■\ loience of the gTeat earthquake which visited India on June 12,
commencing at 5:10 p. m., and lasting from three to seven minutes.
It was a far-reaching earthquake. On the east it was reported to
have been felt even at the farthest extremity of Assam and Akya
in Burma; on the south at Masulipatum in Madras and at Ellichphur, in
Berar. On the north it was felt at Khatmandu, the capital of Nepal
and at Gnatong, on the frontier of Sikkim, it was severe enough to over
throw some of the barrack chimneys. it was reported to have disturbed
the Grand Llama at Lhassa! Thus the range of the shock extended over
an area 1500 miles long and 1000 miles broad, or 1,275,000 square miles in all
The Government asked the station masters and railway men to report the
damage done in their districts, and among the matter sent in in reply were
the two photographs which we reproduce. One shows the effect of the
earthquake on the rails; and the other shows gaps and chasms made in
proximity to the railway line.
The destructive force of the earthquake reached its maximum in Shjl
long, Cherrapunji and Tura. In Shillong it may be said without exagger
ation, that the Biblical curse was carried out literally, and not one stone
was left standing on another. All masonry buildings in this place had
been leveled to the ground, and this not by overthrow merely, but by a bat
tering of the walls into fragments, on the top of which the roof subsided
parachutewise. According to the seismometers at Shillong, the shock
while it lasted was at least equal to a backward and forward shake of 7
Inches, repeated sixty times a minute.
EXTRAORDINARY TWIST OF CAR RAILS BY A LATE INDIAN
• EARTHQUAKE. :
population church communicants. Utah
comes next, with 62 per cent, for Mor
mons are first-rate church-goers, and
think they know the best road to heav
en Rhode Island. Massachusetts and
Connecticut are hiph up on the list,
THE HARVEST OF DEATH.
i£r* a^w
The
•■' '■ -'>: .'Sv/. [■' ■'-,-' ' - -'■• V."
accompanying;
charts ,
show
the
percentage
of
fatalities
caused
by
different
Diseases
in
every hundred
Deaths.
*£• *£ t&
with over 40 per cent, but Vermont falls
much below, and New Hampshire has
a record of only 27 per cent. Maine
drops below 25 per cent. The really
heathen States, however, are those of
the Far West, where the percentage of
church-goers drops off to a lamentably
small fraction.
In 1790 the center of population of the
United States was a point twenty-three
miles east of Baltimore. In 1820 it was
about sixteeen miles north of Wood
stock, Va. In 1840 it had reached a
point sixteeen miles south of Clarks
burg, W. Va. In 1860 it was twenty
miles south of ChillicotHe, Ohio.
In 1870 it had reached the neighbor
hood of Cincinnati and to-day it is not
far from Westport, Ind. The center of
area of the United States is in North
ern Kansas. Accordingly, the qenter of
population is three-fourths of a degree
south and more than seventeen de
grees east of the center of arc-a
To-day of all the States Rhode Island
has the greatest number of inhabitants
per square mile— 32o. Massachusetts
comes next with 277 per square mile
and the next States in order are New
Jersey with 190, Connecticut with 153
«S w ,T ork with 125> Pennsylvania with
118, Maryland with 105, Ohio with 90
Delaware with 87, Illinois with 70 In
diana with 63 and Kentucky with 48
RENE BACHE.ARE STRUGGLING TO REACH THE POLES
TO THE NORTH POLE
BY ICE BREAKER.
ADMIRAL MAKAROFr, the well
known explorer of the North
Pacific, is making preparations
to reach the north pole. And
he declares that he is sure of
success.
His Intention If to cut a way through
the ice fields by means of powerful ice
breakers thnt at present are in course
of construction.
The ice breaker is a craft with a good
record behind it. The first one put in
use whs at Cronstadt, Russia, in 1864.
Since then numbers have been built in
this country. Alon<? the Eastern Ca
nadian const they are In constant use
all winter plying between th" small is
lands off Bhore and the mainland.
TO THE SOUTH POLE
BY DOG TEAM.
THE fine steam bark Southern
Cross has just sailed on her ad
venturous voyage to reach the
south pole. The desolate regions
which girdle the southern, end of
the axis upon which our globe Is
ever spinning have the great merit of
offering a terra Incognita to the ex
plorer. C. E. Borchgrevink, who will
lead the expedition, tells us that he
would not be surprised to find a new
race of men. Who knows, then, that
he may not bring an Antarctic de
Rougemont back with him? No polar
bear has ever been seen in these white
wiMernesses. But there is no reason
why that animal may not be encoun
tered — a new variety.
It is the supposed absence of mam- j
mals, however, in the interior which
will form one of the chief difficulties of
the expedition. A mere tabloid is but
an indifferent substitute for a bear
Bteak hot and smoking. Luckily, how
ever, the country teems with sea birds,
arid these and their eggs will be large
ly used to supplement the bounteous
stores which Sir George Newnes, who
haa generously fitted out the expedi
tion, has crammed into the hold of the
Southern Cross. From morn till night
stowed away an amaz
ing variety of fixidstuffs.
The vefcss< 1 in which the venture will
be made was originally a whaler and
sealer, and since her purchase has been
for many months in the hands of Colin
Archer, who built the Fram, Nansen's
famous ship that became ice packed
In the search for the north pole. The
Southern Cross is really almost smart
en'iugh for a yacht; spick and span
from keel to crow's nest; with roomy
cabins, saloon and forecastle; Bplendid
ly equipped with everything that Arctic
adventurer could require.
The expedition consists of thirty-two
men all told, including six scientists,
and in addition to being furnish-d with
an equipment very similar to that taken
by the polar expedition under Sverdrup,
Is provided with over eighty Siberian
dogs including some ten Greenland
animals which were once owned by the
late Eivlnd Astrup. The master. Ber
nard Jensen. Is an experienced ice navi- |
gator, and was mate of the Antarctic
when in 1895 he landed with Borchgre
vink at Cape Adair. The principal of
ficers are as follows: Carsen Egeberg
Borchgrevink (Norwegian), leader, sur
veyor, etc.; Herlof Klovstad (Norwe
gian), surgeon; Nlcolal Hanson (Nor
wegian) and Hugh Evans (British sub
An ordinary steamer could no more
force a passageway through the ice
fields in this part of the world than it
could instantly convert Itself into a fly
ing: machine.
The general appearance of the hull
of an ice breaker differs little from an
ordinary steamer. But it is built
of heavy steel and its prow is heavily
armored. Each vessel is fitted with
twin screws at the stern and a single
large screw at the prow. The engines
are of the finest and the horsepower is
always very high.
An ice breaker that plies between
Prince Edwards Island and the main
land is of 0000 horsepower. It easily
sails through ice four feet thick. In
fact, ice of this thickness hardly in
ject), zoologists; William Colbeck, lieu
tenant R. N. (British subject), and
Louis Bernaccnl (British subject), as
tronomera and magnetic observers;
Bernard Jensen (Norwegian), master;
H«..nsen (Norwegian), first mate; Jor
gen Pedersei- (Norwegian), second
mate.
The ingenuities that are devised now
adays for expeditions of all sorts,
whether they are to penetrate the frigid
or the torrid zone, are innumerable,
once the basis o* supplies is reached
the question of transport is all-govern
ing; so a pound of beef may be repre
sented by a dozen lozenges. The gal
lant adventurers of old had no such
facilities, and scurvy brought many a
party to a deadly and horrible end.
Not one ease occurred on the Fiam.
But it is not for the food alone that
the equipment of this Antarctic expe
dition is remarkable. Guns, skis, kay
aks, Bnow shoes, ice axes, sledges, furs,
sleeping bags, instruments— all have
been selected with a view to the work
in contemplation, and are really a re
markable collection. The ninety Sa
tnoyed dogs alone cost close on to $10,
000, and to gather them an agent was
specially dispatched to Siberia, mak
ing a journey of 4000 miles for the pur
pose. Sir ( leorge Newncs placed $100,
000 at the disposal of Borchgrevink to
outfit the expedition.
Mr. Borchgrevink expresses himself
very hopeful that most valuable re
sults will be the issue of the expedition.
In 1841 Sir James Ross first sighted
the vast ice fields which he called Vic
toria Land, lie made the best of his
way around a small bit of the coast,
saw and named Mount Erebus, a vol
cano 12,000 feet in height, Mount Ter
ror and many other points. But his
passage to the Interior was barred by
a lofty ice wall, which seemed to pro
hibit all attacks upon it. Mr. Borch
grevink, who was the first man to land
the- re since those remote days, regards
this barrier with less diffidence. His
appliances will enable him to storm it,
and when once atop he hopes to find a
vast table land of snow, over which
he and his men, his dogs and his
sledges will make their way.
The Southern Cross will sail to Hr>
bart Town direct; thence she will pro
ceed to Cape Adalr. The land party
of eight will be put ashore there in 70
degrees south latitude. They will at
once erect the base huts, the timber
for which they are taking with them,
every plar.k ready for its place. The
ship will then leave them and do a lit
tle surveying under Captain Jensen and
return to Hobart Town.
It will thus be seen that the explor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
terferes with its speed and It is possi
ble for this craft to pierce ice walls 15 „*
feet high. i
Taking into account that, according
to Nansen, the ice walls (toroaes) in
the Arctic basin seldom attain thy /
height of 25 feet, and that the Polar
Sea is free from ice over, at least, a
third of its surface, while all the ice
is weakened in summer by thawms,
and especially by interior canals due
to accumulations of salt, and by crev
ices, Admiral Makaroff concludes that
an ice-breaking steamer of 20,000 horse- |
power would overcome all the llfficul
ties which polar ice may oppose to her
progress. j
The distance between the latitude of '
78 degrees north to the pole being .20
miles, he calculates the various speeds
ni wiiich such a steamer could make
her way through ice of various thick
nesses from four to seven feet, and ho
finds that the total distance couid be
'covered in twelve days.
Moreover, instead Of one ice brciKer j
of 2U.000 horsepower, it would be ad- \
vantageous to have two such vessel* i
of 10,000 horsepower each, it having j
lately been proved by actual ctperl
jment in Russia that two ice breakers ,
i placed one behind the other, and The 1
rear one pushing the front one by
■ means of a special wooden frame, act
as effectively as one single ice breaker
of a double force.
Admiral Makaroff's intention is,
therefore, to build two special ice |
breakers of 6000 tons and 10,000 hors3- !
power each, provided with stem screws, i
and to force a way through the ice to I
the pole.
ers will have the end of the summer
(the seasons, of course, being reversed)
and autumn to make things snug, climb
the ice wall and get the hang of the
country before the long and dreary
winter sets in. The Antarctic spring,
that is about September, 1899, they will
expect the Southern Cross.
According to the plan adopted the
land party and sea party will then Join
forces and make a bold dash for the
pole.
Mr. Borchgrevink goes with the
strong belief that Victoria Land may
prove another Greenland. Nansen's
chief difficulty in that venture was the
landing. Once ashore he, too, had
an ice wall to surmount, and having
reached it found the vast table land
over which he and his men sailed and
sledged to the other side." Of course
there Is no "other side" to Victoria
Land — at least they will never try to
reach it, Antartica covering an area of
some ten million square miles. But if
there is a plateau, no matter how
scored with crevasses, they should give
a good account of themselves.
Here is what Mr. Borchgrevink has
to say of the venture: "While the main
object of the expedition will be to col
lect scientific data, full attention will
also be given to further investigation of
the commercial possibilities of the
southern seas, of the islands and of the
shores of Victoria Land, and the ship
will therefore be fitted out with the ne
cessary implements for such research.
I still maintain my belief in a future
for commercial energy in those parts,
both In regard to the gruano beds and
also in respect to whaling and sealing.
However, my scientific staff will have
their entire energy directed to scientific
research.
"I propose to land at Cape Adalr with
00000000000000000
WHY OUR NAVY
SHOOTS SO WELL
SINCE the welcome news of Admir
al Dewey's remarkable victory at
Manila on the Ist of May It has
been a matter for wonder every
where, not less in the United States
than in Europe, that the American
gunners were able to destroy a Spanish
squadron in a Spanish harbor without
the loss of a single American life. When
history repeated itself at Santiago two
months later the wonder was intensi
fied.
In the Government building at the
Trana-Mississippi Exposition is an ex
hibit which in a measure explains the
mystery. This Is a naval range finder,
the invention of a United States naval
officer. Up to date no one outside of
Uncle Sam's service has been able to
discover how it is operated. The in
strument is shown In a glass case with
various other nautical paraphernalia,
and of course the attendants refuse to
answer questions as to its method of
working.
One of the naval officers in charge of
the exhibit says:
an adequate outfit of instruments, pro
visions, dogs and sledges and to estab
lish my winter quarters at that spot.
Semi-globular huts, constructed on the
Eskimo principle and \uilt out of hard
wood, will be taken with us for the pur
pose of sheltering my staff and also
Borne livestock which I intend tn take
with me. As soon as the provisions and
implements of the main camp have
been landed the vessel will proceed
southward with its crew, myself and
three of my staff, If possible, as far as
76 degrees south, where my companions
and I will be landed (all must neces
sarily be snow-shoe runners), with our
instruments, dogs, sledges, provisions
and other necessaries for the inland
"It fs a fact that no other navy has
any means of finding the range that
does not involve a mathematical cal
culation. This implies a good deal of
time lost, and in most cases they find
it quicker to get the range by actual
experiment. The Spaniards, for in
stance, have to fire several shots be
fore they can get the range of one of
Uncle Sam's ships. If their first shot
falls short they try again and then
they are apt to overshoot, and by that
time the position of the vessels may
have been altered and they are still at
sea. Meanwhile the officer in the con
ning tower of the American ship has
located them almost exactly with this
instrument and reported the range by
telephone to the various gun captains
This has only consumed a few seconds,
and while the Spaniards are still trying
to get their range the shells from the
American guns are sweeping their
decks.
"The. peculiar thing about the instru
ment," continued the officer, "is that
while it is one of the simplest things
in the world to any one who knows Its
secrets, the most expert mechanic or
inventor might examine it as long as
he wanted to and still be unable to dis
cover how it works. This is why rep
resentatives of other navies have been
Journey toward the sou h magnetic
pole.
"If I succed in landing on Victoria
Land at that latitude I shall have to
cross about ten degrees of longitude in
a westerly direction to reach the place
where the south magnetic pole (accord
ing to dip-compass observations) ought
to be situated In latitude 75 degrees 5
minutes south, longitude 150 degrees
east, or about 150 English miles; th«
longitudes at 76 degrees south being
about fifteen miles apart.
"I hope to have covered the distance
inland and back in two months, in
which time I shall have made the
necessary magnetic observations, and
again join the camp at Cape Adalr be
fore the Antarctic winter sets in.
"My scientific staff at Cape Adair will
meanwhile have been occupied in ex
ploring the bay at Victorlla Land, in
taking deep water soundings, investi
gating the fjords, and in collecting
specimens of the fauna and flora, be
completely baffled In their efforts to
find it out. They have range finders of
their own. but none that give the same
instantaneous and accurate results.
And as long as they can be kopt in
the dark we shall be able to outshoot
any nation on earth, even if there was
no difference in the skill of the gun
ners."
There is another advantage In the use
of the instrument which amounts to
considerable in the course of half a
dozen naval engagements. It costs
$1360 to fire a pair of 13-inch guns once.
If the Spaniards go into a fight they
must fire at least two shots to secure
the range. Frequently these do not
answer, and they go on shooting $680
charges in the air, while every pound
of powder that goes into the United
States' gun is utilized. The ability of
the American gunners to obtain the ex
act position of the enemy before a gun
is fired saves thousands of dollars in
ammunition in every engagement.
COLONIAL POSSESSIONS OF THE
NATIONS.
Now that the question of colonial ex
pansion and "imperialism" is up for
discussion the following figures show
sides making pendulum observations,
taking meteorological data, etc.
"The whaler wil lreturn to Australia
or Tasmania, both because it would be
safer for the vessel and because It
could do so valuable work among the
islands between Australia and Victoria
Land during the latter part of the An
tipodean winter. It would be safer, be
cause it would avoid the danger of the
ice pressure in winter and because It
could start fresh for Victoria Land
the succeeding spring for the purpose
of bringing the members of the expe
dition back to civilization.
"In zoological direction I expect great
discoveries to be made, especially on
the Victoria continent itself. So far we
know that the Antarctic circle is the
home of fish, whales, seals and birds of
the most widely different kinds, but
undoubtedly ther* are also In those re
gions hitherto unknown mammals."
COUNTING ThE STROKES.
"Now that you have finished shaving
me, how many strokes of the razor did
it require?" asked the man in the chair,
as he straightened up to have his hair
combed.
"That's pretty hard to tell," said the
barber. . , ..
"Of course it is. But you ye been in tna
business how long?"
"Fifteen years."
"You ought to know by this time about
how many strokes of the razor it re
quires to shave a man, supposing that
you go over his face a second time.'
"I might make a guess at it."
"All right. What's your guess? Re
member that I have a hard beard."
"Well. I should say about 125."
"You're a pood guesser, I don't think.
Some time ago I got into the habit of
counting the strokes of a razor every
time I was being shaved. It's a good way
to employ your mind. In shaving me you
Just made 732 strokes with the razor."
"I wouldn't have believed it."
ing the areas and populations of the
various countries and their colonies is
very interesting:
—Extent.—
Country — Motherland. Colonies.
Sq. STiles. Sq. Miles
Great Britain 120,979 16.622.073
France 204,092 2.5a">.000
German Empire 208.830 1,615.577
Portugal 36.033 809.914
Holland 12,648 7*3.000
Spain 197,670 405.458
Italy 110.840 242.420
Denmark 15.289 86.614
—Population.
Country— Motherland. Colonies.
Great Britain 39.525.000 322 .000 ."00
France 38.520.000 44.290.000
German Empire 53,325.0(10 7.450.000
Portugal 5,050,000 10.215.000
Holland 4.930,000 34,210.000
Spain 17,300.000 9,800,000
Italy 31.290,000 19f>.uOO
Denmark 2.175,000 130,000
• — • — • —
"Why do you always use the stairs?"
"Afraid of meeting my creditors in the
elevator."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Watts— What? You drinking again? I
thought you told me you had won a vic
tory over alcohol.
Lushforth— Sn-hlc-anish victory, ole fel
ler.—lndianapolis Journal.
The first llne-of-battleship launched af
ter the Queen came to the throne cost
£110,000. Several recently launched steel
monsters have cost £910,000,
2122
PRESIDENT WOODRUFF'S Greatest WORK for THE MORMON CHURCH
I HAD a lease on life until I dedi
cated the temple," sai<3 Wilford
Woodruff, president and prophet of
the Mormon church, a few days pre
vious to his death, which occurred
at the home of Isaac Trumbo in
San Francisco on the 2d inst. "Then
the lease expired and I have since had
no assurance of life, but have lived
solely by the faith of the saints. I
had to come away," he went on, speak-
FINE CAT RAISING THE NEW FAD
There is going to bz a cat show in San Francisco at an early date, so that society can
show its ptizz feline beauties. Here are a few cats that have already gained great
lecal iame and have aroused the envy of less fortunate owners.
THERE is going to be a cat show
here in San Francisco.
Ever since the long past time
when Harrison Weir exposed
himself to ridicule by deciding to
give a public exhibition of beautiful.
rare, or otherwise interesting speci
mens of the feline race, and won for
himself no little celebrity by carrying
his no%-el plan to a most successful con
clusion, cat shows have been popular
in the larger cities of most of the
world's eivilizpd countries.
San Francisoo is a little slow at times
abou falling into line and taking up the
ORPHAN, White Angora Kittens being brought
up on the nursing bottle. Mrs. Hoag's kennels.
i
AND SOMETHING ABOUT THE MAN WHO WILL SUCCEED HIM.
ing of his visit to this city, "for had
I remained at my home in Salt Lake
the apostles would have been laying
hands upon me, and meeting again in
prayer, for the further preservation of
my life."
These oddly prophetic words wore
spoken to President Nye, who has
charge of the Mormon mission in this
city. President Woodruff's tone rind
manner seemed to imply his readiness
MEWMEW, Royal Cat of Siam, brought from Bangkok by Mrs.
Rodriquez; 2 years oid; very rare; $150 refused; not for sale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 189 S.
to go to the reward that he believed
awaited him. But he was cheerful
about It and seemed in as good health
as he had for two or three years,
though wearied by recent overwork.
Having passed the age of 91 and done
his work, he died as he had lived, with
characteristic simplicity. That he
lived past 91 was not surprising, since
many men live far beyond that age, but
that he miraculously escaped death on
numerous occasions before he came to
old ago President Woodruff himself be
lieved to be due to the fact that fifty
MAPS SHOWING THE SIMILARITY IN TOPOGRAPHY BETWEEN
CANAAN, THE PROMISED LAND, AND DESERET, THE LAND
OF MORMON.
This striking similarity between the two regions was used by the Mormor Mis
sionaries with tremendous influence in gaining converts to their faith.
years before the great Mormon Temple
at Salt Lake was completed, and t»-n
years before the site was selected, it
•was revealed to him that he should
dedicate to the Lord a temple on the
Bhore of a new Diad Sea. He had not
then the slightest intimation where tint
temple would be builded, nor In what
part of the world the counterpart of
the Dead Sea in Palestine might be
found.
The dedication occurred on the Cth of
April. 1593, the ceremonies covering sev
eral days. He had been in feeble
health for some time and the activity
of mind and body occasioned by his
duties in those events caused a slight
relapse, from which, however, he fioon
recovered.
On March first of that year occurred
the last public celebration of his and
his wife's birthday, when he sent out
to the people the following invitation:
"On Monday, March 1, is my
birthday, and the birthday of
Mrs. Emma Woodruff. On that
day I shall be 90 years of agre
and Mrs. Woodruff will be H9
years of age. I expect to meet
my friends upon that occasion
in the tabernacle at 10 o'clock,
and I freely Invite and welcome
the presidency of the church,
the twelve apostles, the patri
archs, the seventies, the high
priests, the Bishops, elders,
priests, teachers and deacons;
with the whole of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-day
Saints, and in fine Jew, Gentile,
Catholic and Protestant, clergy
and laity, editors, reporters and
all who feel disposed to spend a
couple of hours upon that occa
siun at that place.
"WILFORD WOODRUFF."
Thousands of people thronged the
tabernacle on that day, representing all
creeds and beliefs, for President Wood
ruff was respected by Jew Pltd Gen
tile a,P he was loved by the Mormons.
On his 91st and last birthday, however,
by Ms own request, there was no ce
monFtralion. except that as his car
riage passed through the street that
meriting carrying him to the church
office, herds wore uncovered and hand
kerchiefs waved in salutation by per
CINDERELLA, Presidio fennels, Chartreuse-blue Angora, grand-dau ghter of Dul^e
Hawthorn*. Cost SIOOO.
si r.s elony the way.
From childhood Wilford Woodruff's
lifi was v series of chapters of acci
dents and events. In the last general
conference of the Mormon church, held
at the Salt Lake Tabernacle in the 7th
day of last April, he delivered his last
public address to the whole peooie. It
was accepted as prophetic of . the end
that he should then tell the story of his
life Hf related many ir.ckler.ts, as it
seemed to him, of miraculous escapes
from .death. He had almost every bone
tn his body broken, except the neck
and the back; was thrown into a cal-
dron of toiling water when threa years
old; was barely saved from drowning
in his yi uth, and «-;is badly frozen in
a Connecticut blizzard at the ago of 15.
Among other remarkable instances of
escape from death he related this:
"President Young said he wanted
me to take my family and go to Hus
ton, and stay there till I could gather
all the Saints of God in New England
and Canada and brin-- them to Zion.
That was the mission he gave me on
my return from the pioneer -lourney to
winter quarters. I went in the spring,
as he told me, and took my family.
We came one evening to one of the
brethren's houses in Indiana. Several
of us were there. Orson Hyde had a
team as well as myself. We drove
ir.t" a l<>n?r yard. I set my carriage
within six inches of hip. I had my
wife and children with me. I tied my
animals to an oak tree on the side of
where we camped. I went to bed in
my carriage. As I lay down the
spirit of the Lord told me to get up
and move ny carriage. I did not ask
the Lord what he meant. I did as I
wns told. The Fame spirit told me to
go 'and move my animals away from
that tree. I did that. My wife asked
me why I did it. I told her I did not
know. I had r.ot been in bed twenty
minutes when there came a whirlwind
and took that oak tree, which had
stood there perhaps fifty years, split it
right through the trunk, and it swept
both of those fences where my carriage
had stood. It never touched Brqther
Hyde's carriage, but it would have
crushed me and my family to the 'earth
if I had not listened to the voice of the
spirit.
"That preserving power," he con
tinued. " has followed me all the way
through my life. It has been with me
upon my missions abroad as well as at
home. It has followed me until the
present day, and I have been placed in
a great many strange places.
"I was ordained to dedicate this Salt
Lake Temple fifty years before it was
dedicated. I knew I should live to ded
icate that temple. I did live to do it."
While President Woodruff held that
the miraculous preservation of his life
formed the chief Incidents and the ded
ication of the temple the greatest event
fads of older cities, but at last she has
made up her mind to give her citizens
of his career, I am disposed, writing
as I do from a Gentile point of view,
to count as the most remarkable page
in the unique history of the Mormons
and Utah that one written by him in
September, 1890, which contained the
startling proclamation that polygamous
marriage would no longer be cele
brated by the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-day Saints. When this de
cision was sustained on the 6th day of
October of that year by nearly fifteen
thousand members of the church as
sembled at the tabernacle in annual
conference, and issued as a manifesto
that proclamation opened the door to^
statehood for Utah and revolutionized
her social fabric. It made possible the
separation of church and state and the
reconstruction of the civil policy of the
Territory on national party lines.
In 1833, at the age of 26, Wilford
Woodruff journeyed with his father
from his birthplace at Farmington,
Conn., to Oswego, N. V., and Joined the
Mormons. When they were driven into
exile and came to Nauvoo, 111., young
Woodruff accompanied them, and wnen
Brigliam Young crossed the plains and
desert to the modern land of Canaan
at the head of an ambitious band of
pioneers Wilford Woodruff accom
panied him as one of the twelve
apostles of the church and helped to
lay out the site of the present city of
Salt Lake.
For many years Apostle Woodruff
was the most' successful of the mission
aries sent out from Utah by Brigham
Young. It was he that drew into the
church some two thousand United
Brethren and fifty ordained ministers
of that faith. It was in the time of
Joseph Smith tliat he made the Journey
to Fox Island in 1539 at the time of the
great apostasy in Kirtland, N. V., and
there received the letter from the
an opportunity to display their cat
treasures.
There are three regular "catteries,"
or "cat kennels," which are run by San
Franciscans at the present time, and
all of these are devoted, because* ot
the popular demand for members of this
particular breed, to the raising of An
goras. All the long-haired cats are
comprised in the four varieties pre
viously mentioned and were formerly
known under the generic appellation of
"French cats," as they were originally
imported into England, and thence to
the United States, from France, where
they were, for many years valued as
pets before the English people awoke
to a sense of their real beauty and de
sirable Qualities.
A San Francisco gentleman, the pro
prietor of the Alameda County Kennels
in Fruitvale, was the first one in this
vicinity to recognize the fact that cat
raising can, if managed intelligently,
be made a profitable business. The first
female cat that he owned was the cel
ebrated Lady Tatters, one of the gems
of the Johnson collection, and Beauty
Boy, a fine silver gray, was brought
across the continent for a mate. Mar
vel, a silver blue beauty two years old.
is a granddaughter of this couple, and
is almost a perfect likeness of her
grandsire, who was unfortunately ac
cidentally killed before he had been
long on the coast.
Leon, son of the famous Duke Haw
thorne of Walnut Ridge farm, in Mas
sachusetts, was sent for to take his
place, and his kittens are in great de
mand among Western cat fanciers. He
is a pure white cat with blue eyes and
a magnificent coat, ruff and tail, and
is one of the largest of his kind.
Lady Tatters is a tortoise-shell An
gora, and outside of her multiplicity
of "points" Is especially noted for her
love for kittens. The share of philo
pfogenitiveness which has fallen to her
lot altogether exceeds the demand rrJade
upon it by her own numerous offspring.
She is nevor contented with the num
ber of kittens which fate bestows uron
her, but makes a practice of adopting
every litter from which she can man
age to drive t»o rightful owner. Very
recently she added two different fami
lies of* three kittens each to her own
four and cared for the whole success
fully. At the present time she is
mothering four of her own ten days
MARVEL, daughter of Lady Tatters and Beauty Boy; silver
grey Angora; worth $200; Alameda Co. kennels.
prophet ordaining him an apostle. He
baptized one hundred persons on the
island. There are many other instances
of his missionary work that would be
of Interest only to the Mormons them
seivt-s.
President Woodruff war the fourth
pucctssive ruler of the Mormon church.
Hripham Young succeeded Joseph
Smith, who died in jail at Nauvoo. 111.,
on June 27, 1844; John Taylor became
president in 1877 at the death of Brig
ham Young, and in Isß7, at the death
of Taylor, Apostle Woodruff succeeded
to the presidency. He retained as his
counselors George Q. Cannon and
Joseph F. Smith, who were selected by
his immediate predecessor.
Following is the complete list of the
apostles as they stood before the death
of President Woodruff, riven in the
order that tht-y should succeed to the
old and three of Marvel's who have
blindly stumbled through only forty
eight hours of existence.
Lady Tatters has line manners, as
becomes her aristocratic lineage. She
is the owner of an elegantly carved
high chair, presented to her by some
of her numerous admirers, in which she
sits at mealtimes on a silk cushion with
a bib tied about her neck, and eats her
food daintily from a china plate, sip
ping milk occasionally the while from
a china cup placed beside it.
There are about thirty cats in this
establishment, of which the most not
able, besides those already mentioned,
are Valentine, Esau, Royal and Dandy
of the white variety. Trilby, with jet
black fur that almost sweeps the
ground, and Topaz, a handsome red
colored cat with Tabby markings and
eyes that just match his coat.
H. McCracken of the Presidio St.
Bernard Kennels is not only fond of
cats, but recognizes their commercial
value and is making arrangements to
add to his breeding establishment in
the very near future by importing a
famous cat from Europe.
Among his present stock is specially
noticeable Cinderella, a Chartreuse blue
Angora, whose grandfather, Duke
Hawthorne, cost the small fortune of
$1000 and took first prize at the Crystal
Palace cat show on his first public ap
pearance. Cinderella is now attending
to the wants of the six pure white male
kittens, of which she is the proud
mamma, and Apollo, a handsome blue
eyed, white furred creature, is the cold
ly indifferent father.
Apollo and Daphne, who Is also a
pure white pussy with all the charac
teristics which mark the Persian-An
gora, are the parents of six-months-old
Dewey, a round ball of swan's down
for which $50 has already been offered
and refused. In the opinion of those
who are authorities on such subjects
Dewey is certain to be a "big winner
when he has the opportunity to exhibit
his perfections in public.
The only woman who has yet gone
into the business of cat breeding on a
wide scale is Mrs. A. H. Hoag, who has
a large establishment on Ellis street
entirely devoted to the raising of the
much-prized long-hair varieties Airs
Hoag's two-year-old White Muggins is
acknowledged to be the largest Angora
on the coast and he is as beautiful as
he is sizable. Sweetheart, his mother
is a very large female and is noted not
only for her personal attractiveness
but for the number of kittens which
she presents to her beloved mistress
presidency:
Lorenzo Snow, Franklin D. Richards,
Brigham Young, Francis M. Lyman,
John Henry Smith, George Teasdel,
John W. Taylor, Anthon H. Lund, Mar
iner W. Merrill, Mathias Cowley, Owen
Woodruff, HtLer J. Grant.
At the moment of the death of Presi
dent Woodruff Apostle Lorenzo Snow,
who is now 84 years of age, became
president of the apostles and will no
doubt be elevated, as all his predeces
sors had been, to the presidency of the
church, with power to select two coun
selors. Until that occurs, however.
Counselors Cannon and Smith retire to
their former positions as apostles and
Owen Woodruff and Heber J. Grant,
the last ordained of the apostles, step
out — to be reinstated should President
Snow select his counselors from the
twelve. LEWIS H. EDDY.
at least three times a year. Seven
kittens in a f mily is no uncommon
thing for this enterprising feline, and
when one realizes that none of her lit
tle ones ever sell for less than $15 each
her value as a source of income be
comes very apparent.
Among Mrs. Hoag's other white cats
are Adelina Patti, Tiixy, Pet. Jack and
Bijou, the latter a lovely snowy little
creature whose father is White Mug
gins and mother Friskerina. Pet's
father was Prince Poniatowski's fa
mous Blue Tom, a London prize kitten.
Brown Muggins is a tiger cat strik
ingly marked and with magnificent
lambent yellow eyes. His father is Mr.
Paxton's well-known and highly valued
Black Tom, who is said to be one of the
finest tiger Angoras in the country.
Friskerina is the dean of the estab
lishment. She is also a "tiger" and is
the daughter of Mrs. Johnson's almost
priceless Captain Jinks.
Three little orphan kittens are at the
present time engaging Mrs. Hoag's
special attention. Their mother, for
reasons best known to herself, has con
cluded not to trouble her pretty head
concerning them and in consequence
tht-y are being brought up by hand.
Every two hours their wants are sup
plied through the medium of a medicine
dropper, and to see them suck the milk
from this artificial source and at the
same time claw the air to make the
flow come quicker is something to be
remembered.
Besides "professional" cats there are,
as has been said, many privately owned
beauties who will undoubtedly compete
for prizes. Among the long-haired
species Dr. Fred W. D'Evelyn's Sheik
of El Tab, a pure Persian, which won
the silver cup at the Newton (England)
cat show, will attract much notice. It
is hoped also that Mrs. A. G. Rodriguez
will consent to exhibit her Mewmew,
as he is said to be the handsomest and
most valuable short-haired cat on the
coast. Mewmew is one of the famous
and Shard-to-obtain royal cats of Siam.
He is absolutely pure blooded and was
brought by Mrs. Rodriguez herself
from Bangkok. He weighs over twenty
pounds, is only two years old and looks,
as to his fur, far more like an otter
than a member of the cat family. He
has all the distinguishing marks of the
true royal breed— black muzzle, ears
legs and tail, seal brown back, fawn
colored collar and cream-colored breast
and turquoise-blue eyes. Unlike most
of his kind, however, which snap and
bite like dogs instead of scratching like
other cats when annoyed, Mewmew Is
the soul of amiability. He does not '
care for milk and will not eat meat of
any kind, either raw or cooked His
sole diet is boiled fish, carefuly freed
from bones, and plenty of clear cold
water. v
DEWEY.Presidio kennels; six months old;
biue-eyed white Angora.How
I Was Presented
To the Pope
BY A CALIFORNIA GIRL.
WE accidentally made the ac
quaintance of one of the
dignitaries of the church,
Monsignore V.. who proved
to be a valuable and charm
ing friend. We availed our
selves of his invitation and visited him
several times in his apartments, Rue
Crociferi. We were received by an aged
and dignified female who, after our
first visit, greeted us most effusively
and always insisted upon our waiting if
Monsignore happened to be out, thus
indicating that our presence was agree
able to the master. We were discreet
enough not to call for nearly a wwk,
but our curiosity to see how a priest
lived and received in Rome induced us
finally to venture.
The apartments consisted of a num
ber of rooms, those we saw being lofty
and vast and distinguished by that
coldness and somberness that is so
characteristic of Italian interiors. Our
host was very unaffected and commun
icative and we passed many pleasant
and profitable hours with him. On the
floor above was the apartment of his
aged father, of whom he spoke in the
most affectionate terms, declaring that
upon his death he should retire to a
monastic life. On the ground floor wts
his private chapel and we were invited
and attended a special function therein
at a later date.
Before leaving we were asked why
•we had not figured at a large reception
held by his Holiness the preceding day.
We answered that we were only pass
ing through Rome and knew no one
nor had we brought any credentials
with us. We had heard that it was
very difficult to obtain admission to one
of these receptions and we had not evtn
dreamed of attempting it.
< uir kind host immediately Informed
us that he would be delighted to reader
us this little service.
Little! when we knew of people who
had traveled thousands of miles and
had spent many dollars in vain efforts
tn attain this privilege.
We were unfortunately out when
Munsignore called upon us a few days
later, but he left word that the Pope
would accord a private reception to a
select few in a couple of days and that
we had but to sec our Consul and ob
tain his guarantee and he would attend
to the rest. Our dear little hostess
was all in a flutter over the advent of
our distinguished visitor whom she had
received in our absence and assured us
that we were most fortunate in having
such a powerful friend. The next
evening the huissier of the Pope ar
rived in his quaint costume, bringing
us our formal invitation, for vvhich he
received his proper pourboire.
Fortunately for us, the regulation
toilet was of the simplest — a plain black
dress, a black veil in iieu "f a bonnet
and no gloves. Even our Blender ward
robe was equal to this emergency, with
the aid of our lively hostess who lent
up one lace scarf and who arranged
our headgear for us in graceful and
picturesque manner. My friend looked
very handsome with her beautiful
white hair framed In by the black lace,
and I, being dark, could easily have
passed for an Italian.
Before dressing, my thoughtful com
panion, who was born a Catholic and
■ luently understood the value of
BUCfI things, bought a number of rosa
ries, crosses and medals, intending to
have them blessed and then distribute
them among more fervent devotees
than herself.
As we drove in our open carriage the
rntire length of Rome, for our apart
ments were near the Pincio, we felt a
very unchristian spirit of pride animat
ing us, for we knew that every om> was
aware of our destination. It seemed
estrange when we arrived in front of the
magnificent temple of St. Peter to turn
to the left, and entering a gate, drive
behind the immense pile. We were duly
jlted and armed with our invita
tion, were piloted along corridors and
up a noble staircase, through several
handsome apartments from the win
dows of which we could see into the
pleasant gardens, where his Holiness
takes his exercise and his simple recre
ation.
The room into which we were fln-vlly
ushered was square and lofty, with a
green carpet on the floor and hung
with superb tapestries which we had
full leisure to admire. Otherwise it
was devoid of furniture save a row of
chatrs along the four walls. We were
among the last to enter and inter-?Bt r ;d
ourselves while waiting with watching
our companions and wondering what
motives hnd brought them there,
(imibting not but that as many came
from pride or curiosity as from real de
votion.
We were surprised to find that the
men outnumbered the women, and th^t
most of th«*m had uninteresting and
unintelligent faces. TheTe were seve
lal priests and one very large fine look-
Ing German. Most of the company
were supplied with souvenirs like our-
Bflveß. and a priest who sat next to us
had ;t large flat box flUed with tiuy
medalr. There must have been hun
dred 9 of them.
H« will draw a fine revenue from
thnt." whlspprod my friend. "There
are thousands of people who would nny
liinr'-somHy for a medal blessed by the
Prpf's own hands."
Whilf- we were waiting, a lady nrnl
hr daughter passed through the rwm
in*o the apartment beyond, in which
his Holiness was ready to receive them.
Many wpr» the whispers around us ?S
to her wpalth and influence which, in
deed, must he great to. have attained
puch a signal honor. She was a for
eigner, of course, and had spent iPJiny
thousands of dollars on the church.
It was probably true, but we knew
that money was not always necessary
t.- obtnln such privileges. In a quar
t<M of an hour the ladles came bustling
th;ough with an air of great Impor
tance* Tt seemed to ub that they hid
vislMy swelled.
Suddenly there waa a slight hum ard
two uphers entered and announced his
Holiness. *
Fvery one rose, and then, as th*» ven
erable man entered, all knelt—with the
ovrei'tlon of the tall German nml his
buxom wife. Though a wretched he
retic myself. I did not mind kn«Hng
Veforo the reverend man who stooil bt
fore up. partly supported by two '•■sh
ers. • Thepe usherß had coats of red
brocaded pUk. short breeches, stockings
and low phoes.
Hiii Holineps wore a long full gown
of plain white wool, a whito nkull cap
and a heavy flnwing red cloak, which
was sustained by the uphers. H'b face,
bo familiar to the world from his ex
cellent r)ortrritp, in not hnnfliome, but
It. In full of a lofty intelligence, a
•phrewd pommnn sen*« and a. kindly hu
manity tbtt m«Vo It sinffularly sympa
thetl<» and winnlnir.
Aftsr p. nhort prayer be i made the
rounds. The master of ceremonies took
the invitation from the hand of each
person, looked at his list and read the
name and address to his Holiness, who
addressed him a polite phrase, and
then raising his folded hands above the
head blessed the individual and passed
on tn the next,
I remember the first one presented
was a priest and that he wished to kiss
the sandal of the Pope, who gently but
firmly prevented him.
When he arrived before the German
he shook hands with him as man to
man and commenced speaking in Eng
lish, asking him some appropriate
questions about Dublin.
The German answered in his native
language, which caused the Pope to
look inquiringly at the master of cere
monies.
"Berlin, your Holiness, not Dublin,"
answered the latter.
His Holiness looked annoyed, but re
sumed the conversation in German, and
we distinctly caught the name of Bis
marck.
When he addressed us my friend re
plied in French and he responded in
that tongue. He spoke of the distance
we had come from California" and asked
several questions about the church
here, to which my friend was able to
answer intelligently.
He added, looking at me. "This is
your daughter," to which she replied,
"Yes, though I enjoy that privilege
only by adoption."
"She will live to be a blessing to you
in your old age." he said in the kindest
tone. "Bless her. your Holiness," said
tny friend, and he gently laid his hands
on my head, not over it, and blessed me
so warmly that * felt the tears come
to my oyps.
Then my friend seized his hands in
her own and actually placed them on
her parcel, running his fingers over the
medals.
It was an audacious act, but he only
smiled and blessed her with a suspicion
of humor in his bright kindly eyes.
We asked the master of ceremonies
to return our invitation, as we wished
to keep it as a souvenir, but he inform
ed us it was utterly against the rules.
But I have never yet found any nni
who could resist my white haired
friend, and he finally yielded, ftaring,
I believe, that she might appeal to his
Holiness himself.
A general blessing finished the cere
monies and we were all dismissed.
What pleasure those medals blessed
by the Pope's own hands have given to
the friends to whom they were distrib
uted! One fervent believer is sure that
it cured her of a painful disease. An
other dear old lady, to whom a rosary
had been given, died not long after in
the firm belief that it had procured her
admission to Paradise and begged that
it be -burled with her.
By accident my friend had seized her
purse with the other articles and she is
positive that she will never lack money
as long as she possesses this charmed
purse.
As for myself, I am convinced that I
have seen and talked with one of the
greatest and best men of our times
and I am sure that the blessing of this
dear old man can only bring me good
fortune.
ELIZABETH C. BUNNER
FIRST AID IN
NAVAL BATTLES.
IT is not generally known that the
men at the puns of an American
warship are provided by the navy
surgeons with apolinnces for quick
ly ministering to the needs of their
wounded comrades during the progress
of a fight.
There is a supply of rubber bandages
and dressing near each of the big guns,
and the crew is told just what ' i do for
an injured man before it is possible for
the dt tors to attend to him. The im
portant thing Is to stay the loss of
blood, which is the cause of at least
three-fourths of the deaths h battle.
Wives and mothers will agree that it
is better to save one of our own injured
men than to slaughter a doun of the
enemy, and this principle is accepted
in the navy. As soon as a man falls
one of his comrades runs to his aid If
he is wounded in the leg the limb is
quickly bound with rubber tubing in
Buch a way as to Btop the hemorrhage,
if possible, and antiseptic dressing are
applied according to the instructions
already given by the surgeons. The
injured limb is then bound to the -"in
jured one for protection and support,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
and the man is dragged to a place of
safety. Then his comrade, who has
acted as surgeon for the tilei le being,
rushes back to his place by the gun.
In the most protected places on the
ship dressing stations are established.
In this way the wounded can be more
quickly attended to than was possible
in the old days whpi they had to be
carried to the sic'.;- bay before receiv
ing the first assistance.
There is a male nurse assigned to
each of the doctors. This nurse carries
dressings and other things necessary
for immediate use. and assist:; the doc
tor in any way required. Th? nurse's
duty may be anything, from binding up
a wound to giving a hypodermic in
jection of morphine to ease some poor
fellow's sufferings.
In a modern naval battle most
wounds are caused by fragments of
bursting shells. Such wounds are said
by so competent an authority as Sur
geon General Stevenson to be gener
ally less dangerous to life than those
produced by the ordinary small bore
bullets on the field of battle. They are
often superficial rather than deen.
though the flesh is generally much
bruised and torn.
"THEN THE POPE RAISED HIS HANDS AND BLESSED US ALL,"
"After a short prayer his Holiness made the rounds, The master of ceremonies
took the invitation from the hand of each person, looked at his list
and read the name and address to his Holiness, who addressed lhrim a
polite phrase, and then raising his folded hands above the head
blessed the individual and passed on to the next."
In the case of wounds from frag
ments of shell there is much danger
from the lodgment of foreign sub
stances; bits of the projec :ie itself,
shreds of clothing, etc., often being
deeply imbedded in the flesh. These
must be carefully removed or they will
infect the wound and cause serious
trouble. The clothing immediately over
the wound is always carefully exam
ined to see if any portion of it is miss
ing, which has probably been carried
into the flesh.
The men at the guns are carefully in
structed to avoid touching wounds with
their hands, smeared as they must be
with powder and grease.
The golden rose which the Pope gives
every year to a royal lady distinguished
for loyalty both to the Pope and to the
Church of Rome is made of pure gold,
and is valued at £2000. There is a golden
rose in the center, in which the Pope
pours balsam, this being surrounded
with smaller rosebuds and leaves, all of
the purest gold, and chiseled with ex
quisite workmanship.
Japanese officials are less corrupt
than any other In the world. There
may be exceptions, but these are as
tonishingly few. In strict attention to
duty the Japanese officials of all rank
rival the Germans, but while the latter
are somewhat stiff and overbearing In
manner, the Japanese are very polite.
Two cannle Scots walking to Auch
termuchty saw an uncouth figure
standing in a distant field. After gaz
ing intently one said:
"It's never moving, so it's tatta (po
tato) bogie" (scarecrow).
"It's no tatta bogie," replied the
other. "It's a man working by the
day."
There are in the entire world 51,000
breweries. Germany easily heads the
list with 26.240; next comes England
with 12,874, then the United States with
2300. Austria has 1942 breweries, Bel
glum 1270, and France 1044.
All poisonous serpents have movable
fangs, which are found in the upper
jaw, and when not In use close up like
the blade of a penknife. The fang is
provided with a duct leading to the
poison sac, and the virus Is ejected
through this duct by pressure. At the
base of every poison fang there are
numerous germs of others, and the
fang broken or lost is replaced In a few
weeks by the growth of another.
Outdoor Sports
Make a Nation
FEW people realize how great is
the part played by sport in the
life of a nation. Most of us think
of the hour or two spent at some
form of exercise as a pastime
which has little or no bearing
upon the political or economic life about
us. It is when the figures of expenses
paid for sport are put before us that
we realize that such enormous sums of
money represent an element, either for
good or for evil.
But let us look at the matter from
another standpoint. An accepted au
thority upon all matters of sport in
Great Britain has compiled within the
last few years some figures as to the
investments and expenditures upon
sport by the, in round numbers, 40,000,
000 inhabitants of th(,-se islands. His
estimates, which have been criticized
mainly, be it said, because they are too
low, are:
Spent
Invested. Annually.
Fox hunting $78,035,000 $43,700,000
Shooting 20,335,000 40,640,000
Fishing 2,750,000 2,!M5,u00
Racing 41,610,000 52,9t>5,000
Yachting 25.000.000 15,160,000
$170,730,000 $155,500,000
But ev*»n these enormous sums are
by ho means the whole of the budget.
The same writer estimates that cours-
ing costs, in investment, $2,600,000, and
in yearly expenditures $1,587,000; coach
ing, $1,451,250 in investment and $1,188,
1*75 in yearly expenditure; polo costs its
votaries $425,000 in invested capital and
$552,500 in annual expenditure; golf
(there are some 700 golf links in Great
Britain now), $2,625,000 invested in lay
ing out of links, building of clubhouses,
purchase of clubs, bags, etc., and $3,627,
750 annual expenditures for labor, keep
ing up clubhouses, caddies, professional
salaries, golf balls and the other neces
sary expenses, including traveling; row
ing, invested, $1,420,000, annual expendi
ture $2,871,500; football and cricket, in
vested, $53,81^,000, annual expenditure,
$58,560,000. .as these figures have not
been seriously questioned among the
sportsmen of Great Britain we may in
fer that some $233,066,250 are invested
permanently and $223,887,725 spent an
nually for sport. When the aggregate
expenditures in any one direction reach
such proportions as these we may be
sure that the people who tax them
selves thus heavily have, at any rate
the great majority of them, satisfied
themselves that there is an equivalent
of some kind that justifies the expendi
ture. These two amounts combined
only fall short c/f equaling the total
value of our exports to Great Britain
and her dependencies for the year 1897
by less than $150,000,000.
Perhaps an Englishman would say
that these expenditures had had a good
deal to do with the fact that Great
Britain has now supreme lordship over
eleven million square miles of the
earth's surface, inhabited by a popula
tion equaling in the aggregate probably
one-fourth of the total population of
the earth. But whatever explanation
is offered the fact remains the same,
and this particular fact looms so large,
not only in Great Britain, but in
America, that it is worth considering.
How has it come about that we are now
willing to give so much time, money
and attention to sport? What returns
do we get for our money? What does
sport teach us of such great value that
our cousins across the water are will
ing to pay this new pedagogue so Brod
dingnaglan a salary?
We may answer these questions, and
find our explanation of the present ap
parently exaggerated position of sport —
if such explanation exists at all — by
grouping the benefits to be derived
from sport under their two main heads,
namely, the benefit to be derived from
training and the benefit to be derived
from diversion. Not only are muscles
and sinews strengthened and hardened,
but the temper and the will are trained
as well. The man who learns to spar,
for example, not only schools his eye,
v his hands and his feet to respond
quickly when called upon, but he learns
also, and what is far more important,
to keep his temper under control and
to take a -^minding cheerfully; and if
a man can translate these lessons to
eerve In the larger affairs of life, where
temper is often tempted, and where
poundings are meted out to all of us
with pretty even impartiality, he has
learned a valuable lesson.
But every sport has also the valuable
effect of diverting both mind and body.
A sharp gallop, a round of golf, a
•week's yachting, < hanges the current
of one' 3 thoughts, and rests the mind
as well as the body. Every sport, in
short, offers its votaries training and
diversion; all the benefits to be had
' from sport group themselves under
these two heads. The lad at his row
ing, his football, his baseball or his
tennis, needs the training more than
the diversion, while his father riding,
shooting, golfing or yachting, needs the
diversion more than the training. But
both the boy and the man get both a
necessary training and a necessary di
version from their pastimes, whatever
they are.
If, however, training and diversion
are all sport has to offer, can such ben
efits as these account for the huge ex
penditures or for the honorable posi
tion of the beßt class of advocates of
sport? The answer must be "Yes."
But the answer is willingly "Yes," if
we stop to consider the value of train
ing and diversion, if we remember also
that nothing • offers them in such
agreeable form as this, that or the
other game.
The lirst settlers in this country
needed no sports for their training or
for their diversion. Building their own
houses, their own roads and bridges,
and defending the same from their sav
age neighbors, were enough. Civiliza
tion in those rough years was a gym
nasium in itself, a gymnasium, too, that
every citizen was obliged to attend. But
increased prosperity, and, above all,
steam and electricity, not only in
America, but in Europe, have done
away with the necessity for daily dar
ing and for constant physical exercise.
Mankind, however, knows intuitively
that luxury is his most insidious foe. If
we are no longer obliged to ride, or to
walk, in order to see our friends or to
attend to our business, then we turn
to and make a business of riding or
•walking, of shooting and fishing, of
climbing mountains and hunting wild
game, to keep alive in us the hardier
virtues, which in the beginning made
our forefathers capable of winning a
place for us in the world. As the neces
sity for physical exertion lessens among
us, the artificial incentives to physical
exercise increase, and make ever more
and more disciples. As wars become
less frequent gymnasiums and field
sports increase in number and popu
larity.
It is oft< - said, as an objection to
this argument, that a man can learn
self-control and show high courage
Just as well by r"oing his duty, what
ever and wherever it happens to be. It
is not necessary that we should have
wars, or rough games like football or
polo, to steady the nerves of ou*- young
men, to give them courage and to teach
them to take car of themselves. The
controversies and temptations and hard
tasks of daily life are enough. This is
quite true. Taking care of a sick and
peevi3h child is a tremendous test of
patience and gentleness. Bearing the
frowns of fortune with cheerfulness and
In silence shows courage. Keeping
oneself well in hand through the vari
ous worries of daily life, in business,
profession, or in the home, is a con
stant schooling of the nerves.
Riding a horse over a five-barred
gate or across a water-jump is a test
of horsemanship, but before these can
be successfully negotiated it is neces
sary to have som: training at simpler
feats of riding. Thus it is with those
other matters. The lad who has learnt
self-control, fair play and good temper
at his games finds it easier to exercise
these same high qualities in the more
complicated emergencies of daily life.
The boy who has ridden about the pad
dock on his pony with a blanket for a
saddle will take the water-jump just so
much more easily.
There is a German proverb which
runs. "When the devil cannot go him
self he sends an old woman!" There is
just enough of truth in this old-woman
argument against our rougher games
to lead one to believe that the devil
sent her.
The nation which governs almost
one-fourth of the earth's population,
and upon the whole governs well,
spends over two hundred millions an
nually upon sport, and has invested in
the same way an even greater sum.
Perhaps there is no higher test of a
man's all-round abilities than his power
to govern wisely; at any rate, it is a
truth to be borne in mind, in this con
nection, that the governing races to
day are races of sportsmen.
The peoples who play games are in
heriting the earth, perhaps because it
makes them meek. As a matter of fact,
we think it does just that, among other
things.
The French do not play games, and
Benjamin Kidd has shown how the
population of France is steadily de
creasing, the deaths having outnum
bered the births there for several years
past.
The Spaniards do not play games,
and travelers in and students of Spain,
and the Spanish, agree that their two
most salient characteristics are over
weening personal pride and cruelty.
The Chinese despise unnecessary
physical exercise, and can scarcely ba
driven to fight, even for their country,
and their lack of decision and their
pulpy condition of dependence are no^sy
all too manifest. — From Outing.
The office of commander in chief of
the British army dates back to 1660.
India's army contains 223.926 officers
and men— 73,803 British and 150.063 native;
The Duke of York entered the navy as a
midshipman just eighteen years ago. His
princely rank has not helped him much
in the way of promotion.
The custom of taking the "Queen's
shilling," by which it Is understood the
taking of the coin by a man constitutes
his enlistment, ceased to exist seventeea
years ago.
The wages bill for the building of a
modern battle-ship generally amounts to
nearly £200,000. The wages bill for the
construction of the battle-ship Colossus
was £250,000.
Emergency rations have been served
out to the troops now in Egypt. This is
in case "Tommy" is lost in the desert or
left on the battlefield, or in any other
way cut off from supplies.
It appears that war correspondents
were used long before our time, as far
back as the time of Edward 11. Scribes,
specially commissioned, were sent up
with the English army which invaded
Scotland at that time. One of them
completed his task, but the other was
captured at the battle of Bannockburn.
Incredible as it may sound, not one of
the London newspapers was specially
represented at the battle of Waterloo,
and the descriptions we have of the fight
are from the pens of officers present.
Thirty years ago ten or twelve knots
an hour was reckoned to be the highest
speed attainable by our warships. This
was in sailing ships, and the speed of our
first fleet of ironclads did not exceed this.
The speed of the ships of the present day
shows how vastly superior they are to
the battleship of '66. The 20 or 21 knots
which our largest battleships steam at
to-day represents something like 23 miles
an hour, and several of the torpedo boat
destroyers now undergoing their trials
can steam nearly 35 miles an hour.
Some interesting notes have just been
published on the safes which have been
excavated from the ruins of great
fire in cities. Ono safe by a leading
firm had the brass handles and fittings
completely melted and run into the key
hole, the contents of the safe being unin
jured. Safes protected by brick work or
in cellars and basements generally es
caped, and those taken first out of the
ruins gave the best results. Safes falling
from upper stories into the center of
mountains of brick work, which remained
redhot for days, had their contents
charred beyond recognition. The leaves
of many account-books could be sepa
rated and handled, although as black as
coal, and the writing in ink was com
pletely invisible, while, curiously enough,
the ticks and curroctlons la pencil shone
out like sliver.
2324
PRESENTLY TrjE PORTIERE WAS PUSHED ASIDE AND HE ENTERED.
"A man's past will catch him sooner or later."
THEY had been five days over the sea. the young
man and the girl. He had forgotten whether this
were the Atlantic or the sea that sweeps the
snore of Elysium. Now, on the fifth day, they
were on dock, and talking somewhat in this way:
"Toil must walk with me," she called from her
reclining chair.
'It's .1 rit-iightful punishment."
"Thanks: 1 believe that's a compliment."
"Truth's a compliment, eh?" ho said, smiling.
"The best compliments. I suppose, are those that pre
tend to be truths, but are lies."
"I am afraid this is getting rather too fast for me," he
saiil. "Wait until I think about it."
•To carry out what you have begun, you should say to
me 'I can't think about it. for I have to think about
you."
•Is i* r..(-dful to say that?" he said, looking down at
the girl. 'How beautiful you are!"
By tl ■<? rules of conventional conversation it was an
utterly Inane remark, and the girl's laughter rolled out,
full and delightful, but her voice was low.
•I am glad you think bo."
X feapor red tinged his bronzed cheeks as he realized
his ten* rtty.
"You know I do." he said.
"Oh. On you? This is the fifth day of our acquain
tance To-day we shall be at Bandy Hook.*"
He drew a" long breath, and his voice was earnest. New
DIPLOMATIC CONTEST
For the
GOVERNORSHIP OF HAWAII
Special to The Sunday Call.
HONOLULU. Sept. 3.— The rela
tions are strained between Pres
ident Dole and ex-Minister Har
old Sewall. For both have as
piration* Bfl to the governorship
of Hawaii, and each has a co
terie sufficiently larpe to keep the other
on a nerve-shattering tension.
"When Mr. Dole was President and
Mr. Sewall was Minister from the
United States, when annexation seemed
In the dim future and each man's po
sition was all his own. everything was
serene and the Doles and Sewalls were
cairn in their stability, but now that
neither knows where he is at, so to
speak, each is dc-termined to find out,
and their regard for one another is
tinped with a growing suspicion.
Mr. Sewall has been politic. He has
not allowed himself to drift along in
a tropical, easy, "sufficient until the
day' dream of security.
His public receptions, his dinners and
his open-handed hospitality of every
description have not all been given to
the people f'>r love of a good time alone.
Th. cool forethought of this man from
Maine has given to Honolulu many an
entertainment born of a steady look
ahead.
Mr. Sewall is a young man. an am
bitious man and a very nervous man.
His manner, cordial, pleasant and cul
tured, is made characteristic by his
quick, nervous gestures and impetuous
way of speaking. In the first stages of
a conversation Mr. Sewall leans back
in his chair, but gradually he is on the
edge, and as the topic waxes to a cli
max he throws back his coat until at
times one wonders if the garment is in
danger of being utterly discarded.
To the mind of many an irreverent
listener has come the well-known,
hackneyed words, "Pull down your
vest:"
His impetuosity is unique in a land
that sees so much repose of gesture
and attitude.
Mr. Bewail is a small man, slender,
quick and full of nervous activity; in
every way the opposite of Mr. Dole,
whose tall, stately form, benign face.
Imposing, quiet manner and gentle
spee>h makes him a model of strength,
a type of dignity and a figure apart to
attract the stranger's eye and impress
him with a conviction of nobility.
Mrs. BewaJL who was Miss Millie
Ashe of San Francisco, is a tall, hand
some woman of fine physique, in whom
seems concentrated all the tranquillity
and composure lacking in her husband,
while Mis. Dole, though extremely gra
cious, is decisive., at times abrupt, and
as much the opposite of her placid hus
band as is Mrs. Sewall of her excitable
one.
If a difference in temperament is
conducive to matrimonial bliss, these
two couples bo prominent in Hawaii
should have enough happiness in their
lives to be able to regard with indif
ference any political issue.
When the tfaer was to be raised there
was creat excitement in Honolulu over
the question of governorship, as it was
thought that the future Governor
■would be named at the ceremonials.
It was, however, learned that President
McKinley had determined to leave Mr.
Dole as acting President; so the excite
ment over the question still continues.
Those in favor of Mr. Dole are not
necessarily against Mr. Sewall person
ally, but the large majority think that
as Mr. Dole has brought the country
through trials and perils to a haven of
rest and security, he now deserves the
position of first man in the land as a
reward for his courageous attitude In
days of peril, and as a recognition of
York, and work, and to see her no more.
Two elderly persons wrapped to their ears were watch
ing the two.
"What a remarkable girl Nell Wolverton is." one was
saying.
"She's certainly carrying on a remarkable flirtation
with thit young man. Who is he?" said the other with
the severity of position gained by effort.
"Some scrt of engineer in the employ of the Winfield
Company. Mary Winfirld introduced him to Nell."
"That girl would flirt with anybody. She seems to find
all men infinitely amusing. Isn't she handsome? Now you
would suppose she was somebody or other. But the Wol
vertons — oh, you know!" quoth the other lady.
"Her mother was one of the most pushing women I
ever Knew,' assented her companion.
"Of the dead, nihil nisi bonum," said the Imposing one.
"She was an extraordinarily ambitious woman. With
pluck and ten mllions and a daughter like that an ambi
tious. clev?r woman can do anything in New York. The
Wolverton money is said to be indefinite millions instead.
And now they belong in Far Westchester. Oh, dear; how
many men have been after that girl! There was the Mar
quis di Rodlrl. and the little Duke of Sussex, and Freddy
Van Br-Ue. and— she flirts and laughs at 'em all. Just as
she does vith that young man."
Mary Winfield was watching the two with much the
same thoughts. This poor young man didn't understand
sophistl-'rued young women; it was abominable of Nell
Wolverton: she was sorry she had introduced them; she
might have known that Nell would play with any man as
she would with a cat or a dog. Oh. dear; this Melville was
so out of it: so busy and capable, and such an efficient ser
vant of the Winfleld Company. But Nell was Nell, and
Mary oueht to have known better.
his earnest and conscientious efforts for
the country's good.
Mr. Sewall's Influence in Washington
makes him a powerful rival, and he has
undoubtedly won for himself the fa
vor of a small element of the Annexa
tion Club which is composed of men of
the jingo variety. Mr. Dole has done
nothing to curry favor. Mr. Sewall has.
He has also lain himself open to criti
cism in consenting to have his name
sent to Washington while yet acting in
the capacity of Minister from the
United States.
These two men have their friends and
their enemies. But neither friend nor
foe can hurry or influence Congress,
and Mr. Dole's presidency may be pro
longed and indefinite.
In the meantime Honolulu questions,
and wonders, and speculates — and
waits. MA DOE VAN HORN.
HOW LONG CAN YOU
KEEP AWAKE?
How long can a man work without
sleep, and how long can he endure days
in which twenty hours are given to
wakefulness, if not to work? I have
always been anxious to know the true
answer to these questions, and have
asked many experienced people for an
opinion.
One learned doctor solemnly stated
that no healthy man could overwork;
after a certain time he would fall
asleep at his task. The general opinion
is not In agreement with this theory,
doctors being generally agreed that
man's inclination is prone to forget all
natural limitations.
During the past week two Journalists
of the hard-working species have given
me their views. One claims to have
worked for seventy-two hours, with
three intervals of two hours for repose;
the other claims to be content with four
or five hours' sleep out of the twenty
four.
The only statistics as to limits of en
durance comes from China, where a
form of torture is to keep the victims
from sleeping. They die on or before
the fifth day.— London Sketch.
MfIRD ON CALIFORNIA'S CLIMATE
HERE !s the hardest thing yet said
in the East about California's
climate:
"In the year 1873 a man from
Massachusetts came to California
with a chronic liver complaint. He
searched all over the coast for a mineral
spring to cure the disease, and finally he
found down in the San Joaquin Valley a
•sprinp the waters of which almost In
stantly cored him. He thereupon started
a sanitarium, and people all over tha
world came and were cured quickly.
"Last year this man died, and so power
ful had been the action of the waters that
they had to take his liver out and kill it
with a club."
An old lady from Oxford, Mich, who,
with her husband, had spent the winter
in California, was asked b- one of her
neighbors if she had heard an earth
quake while in California.
"Yes, I heard one," she answered,
"and rather enjoyed it, for it was the
first thing that happened since John
and I have been married that he did
not think I was to blame for." — San
Francisco Argonaut.
The trade of the British empire is
estimated to amount to about $5,200,
000,000 per annum, which is nearly equal
to the combined trade of France, Ger
many, Austria, Russia and the United
States, and the shipping required to
carry on this gigantic traffic exceeds
126,000,000 tons.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
Poisonours Plants OF California
AN important publication has just
been Issued by V. K. Chesnut,
a Californian associated with
the Department of Agriculture,
describing the poisonous plants
of the United States. The bulletin con
tains much information as to the
poisonous plants of California that will
be of value to farmers, stock growers,
tourists and all who are likely to come
In contact with these objectionable
vegetable growths. i
Mr. Chesnut cites numerous incidents
of fatalities resulting from plant
poison. One species of water hemlock
(cicuta) is estimated as killing scores
of cattle every year. To rid itself of
this pest the State of Colorado paid
out nearly $200,000 in bounties between
1881 and 1885. The number of cases of
individual distress due to poison oak
and poison ivy could not easily be
counted. Toadstool poisoning is not un
common; especial interest was aroused
In it by the death at Washington In
November of last year of Count de
Vecchi, who thought that he was par
taking of mushrooms at his dinner.
There are twenty-five to thirty
species of the mushroom and very few
of them edible. The most common of
the poisonous species are popularly
known as the fly amanita and the
death cup. The first named is free of
larval pests and highly attractive in
appearance, taste and smell. It is dis
tinguishable from the edible mushroom
by its having white instead of purple
gills and spores, and by its warty cap
and bulbous stem.
The death cup may be distinguished
from the edible mushroom by its cup.
Its white gills and white spores, and
by its growth in woods instead of in
meadows. It acts on the blood corp
uscles, which it dissolves, and thus de
vitalizes. The effects usually are not
apparent until nine to fourteen hours
after eating.
Treatment is exceedingly difficult and
precarious because there Is no known
antidote to phallin.
Poison oak has many names, accord
ing to the locality in which it is found.
Its bright red leaves add to its at
tractive appearance and increase the
probability of persons who are not ac
quainted with the plant endangering
themselves by handling it. In 1895 Dr.
Franz Pfaff of Harvard University
showed that the poison is in reality a
non-volatile oil. It is found in all parts
of the plant,' even in the wood after
long drying. Like all oils, it is insolu
ble in water, and cannot therefore be
washed off the skin with water alone.
Numerous experiments prosecuted by
Mr. Chesnut show that the poison oak
oil produces the same effect as the plant
itself.
Remedies for poison oak are without
end. embracing everything from hot
soapsuds to patent medicine. Mr
Chesnut deems the sugar of lead treat
ment adequate to all cases. An alco
holic solution of from 50 to 75 per cent
is recommended: powdered sugar of
lead to be added until no more will dis
solve. The milky fluid should then be
well rubbed Into the affected skin, and
the operation repeated several times
during the course of a few days. This
at once relieves the Itching and checks
THE MARKED CARDS
If Neil were Nell, phe was proving it with a vengeance.
She was nuking Melville tell her of himself, and she was
giving him nothing of herself in return. They were seated
now, looking out of the frothing white and green in the
ship's wake. She' was glancing at him again and again
with mild, interested eyes. He was forgetting himself, and
was telling how his father had left him only money
enough for school and college, which he had increased by
some tutoring; of how he had worked and won a position
in a machine shop of the Winiield Company; of how he
had progressed farther, and now was near the head of his
department, and he had been sent to London on an im
portant mission, and—
A young man came lightly across the deck, and bowed,
and exchanged some remarks with Miss Wolverton. and
nodded at Melville with a "who-the-devil-are-you?" air,
and passed on after a moment. Melville's confidences
suddenly chilled. This youngster represented what he had
never known. The girl by his side understood.
"Don't mind Bertie; he's just Bertie."
"Oh, you know," Melville began, "I'm so out of that
set."
"It's the Far Weschester set, you mean," she said gra
ciously, as if she would imply politely that there were
many other?, which he doubtless freo.uented. "The men
are very stupid in it. It is all very stupid. It's just sport
and gossip. For my \ .rt give me men that do things."
"I think," said t .• .oung-man-maJdng-his-way. "that
I prefer ether met. . do things, and leave 'em to me al
ready done. Now. .Ny father—"
He paused, wondering whether he had better tell her,
and then it seemed to him. now that he rememberd it. that
this put bim on a sort of equality with Miss Wolverton. us
though the Inequality that stood between them was sud
denly swept away by the thought of this story. But had
he a right tc tell her? No. she wouldn't, couldn't know;
that was so long ago. and forgotten.
"And your father? Go on. I am interested."
"He might have had the things, the money to have put
me in your friend Bertie's position, if luck had been his
way, and if he hadn't been cheated—"
"I never can think of you as a man like Bertie," Miss
Wolverton said, decisively, with that calm confidence in
her eyes; thp eyes may have been rather more expressive
because this was the last day of all, and he would slip out
of her life so soon. She was' fair to look upon, clever, ac
complished, charming: this fence of the sexes was her de
light: she ciuld no more avoid it than she could breathing.
Our unsophisticated young man failed to understand her.
Later, common sense was to reach out from the grim,
matter-of-fact depths of his nature, and grasp his senti
mentality until it hurt him.
"Oh, it'p a little story of what might have been years
ago in Red Nugget Gulch, California. My father was out
there after gold, like the rest, and he fell in with a man
with yhom he made a partnership in n general store.
Sometimes, in exchange for goods, they took claims. At
lirst th?y made a lot of money, and then they lost nearly
every penny in trying to develop a claim that failed. Well,
each blamed the other, and they decided to separate. They
could decide on no other way than to cut the cards. So
they sat dowr. one day and cut. and some things fell to my
father, and some to his partner. And the- papers were
drawn up. and the division made. A week after that a
claim which had gone to my father's partner began to
develop. It proven a find; my father's partner made the
beginning oi a great fortune that way."
"WelT?" said the girl.
"Now, the shanty that served for the store had fallen
to my father, not the stock, which went to pky the firm's
debts. Three weeks after this my father sat talking with
a mining expert, who spoke of the big find on my father's
former j.-.irtner's lucky claim; and he stated boastfully, to
show his value as an expert probably, that he had told
my father's partner — we will call him Smith— that the
claim was extremely valuable. This set my father to
thinking; Smith had believed the claim to be valuable.
But my father could but acknowledge that the man had
given him a chance, even if he had dishonestly hidden his
notion ( f the claim. That day my father happened in the
abando.T'd store. On the table were the two packs of
dirty cards, just as they had been left on the day of the
division. They had cut in the bare inner room, which
hadn't beon disturbed since. My father picked up these
instruments of his bad luck, and he saw that the pack
Smith had used had been marked."
"How awful!" the listener said. "And you might have
had money, if It hadn't been—"
"If it hadn't been for Smith's dishonesty, yes, Miss
Wolver* >ri. But to return to the story. My father went
to Smith, vhom he accused, but Smith looked him in th<?
face and laughed. 'You are crazy, man. And you haven't
any "ro >f Who'd believe you? 1 "
"W is that the end of it?" the' girl asked, gently.
"No, not the end of it. My father could prove nothing,
indeed. His affairs went from bad to worse. He left Cali
fornia penniless. Later, in. the East, he accumulated the
little money he was able to leave me. But it was always
a hard struggle for him and my mother, who died shortly
after I was born."
"And Smith? that's not the name."
Melville hesitated.
"No, that's not the name. It's a well-known name, but
the further spread of the eruption.
The abundant pink family furnishes
the poison corn cockle, sometimes
known as the rose campion, a whitish,
woolly annual, one to three feet high,
with an erect stem, showy, violet-red
flowers and numerous rough, black, ir
regularly rounded seeds. The poison
ous constituent is saponin, which is
found in nearly all parts of the plant,
but mainly in the kernel of the seed.
Machinery is used by millers to sepa
rate the cockle, but it is not always
successful.
The symptoms of the poison are in
tense irritation of the whole digestive
tract, vomiting, headache, nausea, ver
tigo, diarrhea, hot skin, sharp pains in
the spine, difficult locomotion and de
pressed breathing. The action is an
tagonized by the use of digitalis, a dan
gerous poison, which should be admin
istered only by a physician.
The aconite plant occurs in California
only as far south as Lake County. It
is an erect, smooth, single-stemmed
plant, two to six feet high, with a leafy
base and an elongated terminal cluster
of showy blue flowers. All parts of the
plant are poisonous, but the seeds and
roots are most dangerous.
No specific antidote is recognized,
but physicians have used atropine or
digitalis and nitrate of arnyl.
Another very common poison, espe
cially on the coast of this State, ip the
larkspur. It exists in several varieties.
Along the coast northward from this
city is a variety which is somewhat
hairy, tuberous-rooted, about a foot
high, with a basal cluster of finely di
vided, long stemmed leaves, with a
single column of showy blue flowers,
which appear between April and July.
Its effects are fatal to sheep, often re
sulting in the death of 50 per cent of
the animals partaking of it.
The poisonous action of larkspur re
sembles that of aconite or monkshood,
the plants themselves resembling
aconite. Aconite antidotes therefore
are recommended, namely atropine.
Loco weed has long been an affliction,
especially to the livestock of the south
ern part of the State. It also subsists
in several varieties, under the popular
names of "woolly loco weed." "stemless
loco weed," and "rattlebox." Its pea
pod formation is familiar to all Califor
nians. The effect is not acute, but in
its slow progress simulates diseases
caused by bacteria, worms, or other
parasites or such as are caused In man
by the continued use of alcohol, to
bacco or morphine.
No effectual antidotes have as yet
been published, so the only positive
remedy for the evil is to remove the
animals from the vicinity of the plants
as earl'- as possible.
The so-called spurga family (euphor
bia) is less well known popularly, but
is widely distributed on this coast. Its
characteristic is a milky juice and in
complete and inconspicuous flowers.
Contact of the milky juice inflames and
poisons the skin. An overdose of the
herb for medicine results in serious if
not fatal injury.
A so-mewhat common plant In West
ern States, although it Is not so well
known in this State, is the hemlock,
the famous plant of Socrates* undoing.
The American water hemlock is one
of the most poisonous plants native to
the United States. The underground
parts are the meat poisonous. Children*
mistake them for horseradish, pars
nips, artichokes, sweet cicely and other
we will let it remain Smith. Everything Smith touched
became mo: ey; he was accused of dishonesty many times
in the course of his career; but nothing ever was proven;
he sucfceeUed, and is to-day one of the powerful men of the
country."
They were silent, the girl grave.
"And fiat's the reason you think you are not in tne
class of Bertie Townley. Well, I don't want you to be in
"If you would care that much?" said he, half lightly,
half earnestly. . , . .
"Oh, 1 like you." she said, cheerily, as she might have
said she liked a fox terrier.
"And the man's dishonesty was really your blessing;
ft made you do things. Oh, I know a lot of men.and the
men of the Far Westchester set are so tiresome.
"Oh, lhanks!" said he, lamely. .
"But you mustn't be tiresome. Do you see that line
there? That's Sandy Hook; I know it. I have seen it that
way a dozen times. And— l must be going below. Oh, I
have been so much interested."
And she went away brightly smiling, and he felt sud
denly the least like a fool. This feeling was increased
when he found in the bustle of landing that she had f only
a cool hand and a distant "So glad to have met you, and
no acknowledgment of the fact that he had asked to call,
which she plainly had evaded. He felt revengeful and a
bit like an anarchist. And the next morning when he was
reporting tn Mr Winfield his success in London, and being
complimented by the company's head, his success seemed
cheap: h-^ had a picture before him of a bright, high-bred
looking exquisitely gowned young woman, surrounded by
flippanilv gay pers"ons whose world was not his. and never
could be; for when one is making his way ploddingly, with
no particular capital, he can't reasonably expect that way
to be made before he may be gray and all the desire for
pleasure, li;>'s good things, quite gone.
It may be supposed that Miss Wolvertnn put the young
man of the Atlantic out of her mind. Perhaps she had
some thoughts of him or else she would never have re
peated th" story he had told her at a dinner w.here her
father was, most unusually, her escort. At a dinner one
owes it as a duty to do his part. Nell did not care to be
lacking, and wanted her bon mot to be as natty as an
other's and her story as spirited. For she waged a little
strife to mak" the world she knew hold her clever. Now
she couldn't try as she would, think of another story than
the one Melville had told her.
•"Mary Winfield introduced me to a very entertaining
man on the Lucania— a man who does things, you know—"
"What does he do, horses or yachts?" said Bertie
Townley. 'Oh, I say, Nell, you don't mean that serious
faced chan you were mooning about with so much?"
"The very man," Miss Wolverton said, without turn
ing color.
And she told Melville's story.
"How extraordinary!" gasped Mrs. Pemberton. "You
meet such strange people at sea."
"Busupess methods are oftentimes dishonest, said
Judge Torpid, pompously. "Yet—"
"Your story isn't funny enough, criticized Bertie
Townlay.
Samuel Wolverton— l should say "Sam, the great Sam
—hold his nose in his port; he's a thin, sharp-featured, si
lent mm. r.r.d looking at him, one always wonders how ho
succeeded in possessing such a daughter.
Drivi?ig home, he said to Nell:
"If I were you I don't think I'd try to tell stories at
dinner."
"Why. papa?"
"It's undignified."
"Do you think so?" she said, petulantly. She usually
had nirri well in hand.
"What did you say that man's name is?" he asked,
after p. moment.
"Burke Melville."
Su.lier.ly she turned.
"Pana, you were in California?"
"Yo-s, what of it?"
"Did you ever hear a story like that?"
"I have heard a lot of stories; California is full of 'em.
Read Bret Harte. As for your acquaintance, he was prob
ably yarmng."
"No, no, he wasn't."
"What rrakea you think that?"
"He Isn't that kind of a man."
"Nsll. I think you ran take care of yourself, but I
don't r>o!i?ve you can judge men."
"Oh. trust me for that." she said, airily; and at the
moment she was trying to judge no less a person that her
father. She had thought that she understood him. Had
she? He was fond of her; he denied her nothing, and she
loved him. But — there were depths she could not fathom;
and she knew no nio>e of his real life, even less, than an
outsider.
But now a sudden fear possessed her. She rushed up
stairs to a little room which she used for her writing
table md her books, and eagerly she looked for a paper
In a certain English magazine. "American Millionaires.
No. X. Samuel Wnlvertnn." Had she been mistaken?
And tli°n she read: "The beginning- of this extraordinary
fortune was In 'fi<s. in Rod Gulch. California. Melville and
Wolverton were storekeepers who exchanged a sunnosedly
bad debt for the now famed Bullfinch mine. Wolverton
edible roots. Cattle sometimes eat the
tubers and in marshes are poisoned by
drinking water contaminated by the
juices of the roots. No chemical anti
dote is known.
Jimson weed is a common and pestif
erous plant introduced from Europe and
tropical America. Its poisonous I ele
ments are alkaloids, atropine and hyos
cyamine and the active constituents of
belladonna. The seeds are especially,
poisonous.
The symptoms are headache, ver
tigo, nausea, extreme thirst, dry, burn
ing skin and general nervous confu
sion, with dilated pupils, loss of sight
and of voluntary motion, and some
times mania and convulsions. In small
amounts the effects of the poison are
similar to those of narcotics. '
Black nightshade, a plant with
drooping clusters of small white flow
ers and black globose, juicy berries,
grows chiefly in wet or damp places on
this coast. Its * poisonous element is
solanine, which is present jln all parts
of the plant. >
Symptoms are about the same in
man as in — stupefaction,
staggering. Joss of speech, feeling and
consciousness, cramps and sometimes
convulsions. ..»■
False sunflower, or sneezeweed. in
fests much of the Pacific Coast. The
whole plant, especially the flower, is
bitter and more or less acrid and pun
gent, i . '
The nature of the . poison has not
been definitely determined. The symp
toms, jas determined by experiment
upon calves, are accelerated pulse, dif
ficult breathing, staggering and ex
treme sensitiveness to the touch; In
fatal cases death is preceded by spasms
and convulsions.
Mr. Chesnut has just returned to
Washington after a summer of investi
gation on this coast. Further informa
tion as to the inherent nature of pois
onous - plants and ; the most efficient
remedies may be expected from him
from time 'to time. Meanwhile the De
partment of Agriculture { asks that all
interested persons convey their experi
ences or I observations on poisonous
plants to Mr. Chestnut in order that the
beneficial results of his work may be
amplified accordingly.
5 Strict legal repressive measures; are
suggested -by the | bulletin | for the con
trol or extermination of poisonous
plants. The common \ law of - England
holds a person responsible | for damage
accruing from the possession and culti
vation of poisonous plants. In one case,*
for example, a jury rendered judgment"
in favor of a plaintiff whose; horse was.
poisoned from eating branches of a yew
which hung over a fence from an ad
joining yard. ; A similar judgment for
$3500 has recently been rendered by a
New York court against ' the » directors '
of a cemetery rin a case ; of poisoning
due to poison . ivy I which ) had ; been al
lowed to grow within the grounds.
■ m »
The custom of army officers not wear
ing - uniform ' except . when '■ on ! duty prob- '
ably originated ' in.: the long : European"
peace of ISIS-54, for before that time -it
was ; usual for officers to wear regiment
als not only at home, but when traveling
abroad. British officers ; of those days
never/omitted taking their. uniform with
them, as it was 'a- sort of , informal pass
port to the best society, and with It they
could clainvthe hospitality of the mess of
any ;.« regiment ;t they « happened •• to - . come
across during their wanderings, ; %;.
BY CLINTON ROSS
She »™™a?rh"m°tt| r iSsa"- ne In hand, and.held
to whit she pointed. , . trn(
"Was the story he. told me true.
"What "n^Tre?" she said, mockingly. "You can't •
Und ßuf ?ho faTher'said^quiltly' with a mastery of himself:
"If i' were true that MelVille couldn't have succeeded,
He hadn't it in Wm. He would have failed at anything. I
cut loo><e from him." .w~» tyya Q » nr v i<a true"
"But you haven't told me whether the s tory is true.
"I won't acknowledge or deny it, he saia at ,as^.
"What of U? You ought not to find faulty My money naa
made you a position as fine as any or em.
"Good-right," said the girl.
At the door he called to her: «_«,*»
<s<~ "Nell, ycu haven't kissed me good-night.
"I can't— to-night."
And she was gone. , . ■ _. ... _. _•„-_
"A woman can't understand business. Shell get o\er
it." But I.c failed to sleep well that night. Bhe was not
at breakfast. He went to her room. She was sleeping
with a look that frightened him. On his way .down town
he stopped at his doctor's. "I am troubled v.-ith that in
somnia. ... . . ,«
■ "Mr. Wolverton," said the practitioner, "I have told
you again and again that you must let up on work ana
"I know, I know." said the great man. "By the way,
I wish you would see Nell. I am worried about her.
He kept himself busied down town until about 3, ana
then drove through the park in the parade, a tired-faced
man ueople pointed out. „, __
As he entered the house he heard Nell s voice. |He
paused in the hall and listened.
"I am triad to see you, Mr. Melville, she was saying.
•'I had your note, and came here promptly, I think."
"Yes, promptly." . -, _, ,%. «.  .
"I have passed you several times, but I don t believe •
-yon, saw me." Melville said, rather bitterly.
He was thinking how charming she appeared here In -
her own house. He was blaming himself for all that he
had thought of her; when her world, of which he had that
brief glimpse, had been shut out. -' .
"I sent for you," Nell went on. "to ask you why you
told me thai story when— when you knew that your fa
ther's partner then was— my— father?"
The listener started, and moved toward the door,. ana
drew back.
At last he heard:
"Miss Welverton— yes, it wag so, It is so, and I was a
coward to tell you."
"I am glad you told me." Nell said humbly, for this
was no longer the proud Miss Wolverton; she wondered
at herself, tears were in her eyes, and self-control was
far away.
"I lon't know what made me tell you. and yet I do
know. I have lied: Ido know now. You seemed so far out
of my reach and I wanted you to be in my reach. Do you
understand?" ■
"I don't know that I understand," the girl said. "I
can't seem to understand."
"And— oh, you are crying. I have hurt you. I wouldn't
hurt you for the world." :' : .
"Don't." she said, "please don't."
Tsut he was saying:
"I know the reason now. It was — you — didn't
you sea?" • ; .
After a moment the listener heard Nell's voice:
"It's best so. If you do it rights itself. And— l see It
— clearly. I know now why I didn't want you to be of
Bertie Townley's class. You are a man who does things
— and wiil— a man for a woman to be proud of, and yes
it's all clear to me— l thought I was just flirting with you
But since that night I know it was more."
Presently the portiere was pushed aside.
/Wolyerton was possessed of a certain grim humor, and
InPtJr..'t for the management of quick crises was the meas
ure of his success in affairs,. •■■> -
 "I am Sf.muel Wolverton. and you are Burke Melville "
he said. "I listened to your conversation. #1 won't apolo
gize. I am glad I did it. It seems to me, Mr. Melville that
your father's, son has it back at me now. It seems to me
that you noia the marked cards." He stopped and looked
at the two. and then went on: "Mr. Melville what's it the
ministers. say? I am not much at going to' church. But
don't they tay that when a man has wronged another the
best amends he can make is a confession of his fault'"
But akhough a moment after the young man extended
his hand, /VVolverton was conscious that his daughter
whom he, hf Id his dearest possession, never would be the
same to him that distrust lay between them- that at the
height of his success. Melville's son had turned the
marked cards against him. utu tno
Copyrighted, 1898.
Dead Indian
DRAGGED
Behind His Horse.
YOL, gentlemen, who have served
In Southwestern Texas," began a
jolly West Point captain, while
sitting before the campflre with
the volunteers recently, "have
seen the Seminole negro-Indian scouts
In the early eighties, when I was a
lieutenant, my regiment was stationed
at old Fort Clark, and was assigned to
command these same scouts.
"Southwestern Texas at that time
was a pretty wild stretch of country
Civilization stopped at San Antone, and
the duty of these negro Indians was to
keep that border free from smugglers,
marauding parties and hostile Indians.
Once every four months they came to
Clark for their money, and then, you
will pardon the expression, gentlemen,
there was hell to pay.
"The men ha I had arod many sharp
brushes with the redskins and when
they were warmed up with liquor they
liked to tell of these affairs. The com
mander at Fort Clark was a little skep
tical about these Indian stories and one
day he said to me in a joking way: 'I
don't believe there is an Indian in West
Texas, and I'll give $50 to any man in
your command who will bring in a dead
redskin.' '
"There was on Mexican in the com
mand, Julian Longonio by name, and
he was one of the best trailers -the
Southwest ever saw. Longonio heard
the colonel's remark and his beadlike
eyes snapped as he turned away. For
myself I thought no more of it until it
was forcibly recalled to my mind some
time later.
"The next day we left Fort Clark for
a scouting trip. At Newtown, uher:
the Las Moras empties into the Rio
Grande, Longonio rode up and asked
permission to cross the river. Fancy
ing that he wanted to visit some
friends, and knowing that there was no
immediate need of his services, I read
ily gave my consent. The greaser swam
his pony across the river and disap
peared in the chapparal.
"The next I saw of him was two days
later, when I rode into Fort Clark for
my mail. In the afternoon Longonio
rode .down to the officers' line and
stopped in front of the adjutant's office.
Several officers were standing around
and gazed in open-mouthed astonish
ment at sight of the Mexican with a
dead Indian behind him. He refused to
answer any of their queries and asked
for 'El Colonel.' Hearing the commo
tion, the colonel came out, and before
he could say anything Julian cut the
rope that bound the Indian to his sad
dle, threw the corvse on the porch at
the colonel's feet, and in that soft,
drawling voice so peculiar to the Mex
icans, said:
" 'Cincuenta pesos, senor el colonel.'
"Well, gentlemen, the colonel was so
thunderstruck at first that he was
speechless, but recovering Limself* pres
ently he gave Longorio such a cussing
out as= I never heard before or since.
The Mexican sat like a sphinx on his
horse, pretending not to understand
English, and when the colonel was
through. he simply pointed to the dead
Indian and again said:
* "Cincuenta pesos, senor el colonel.'
"He got his 'cincuenta pesos" finally,
but the colonel intimated that if he
ever caught him around there again
he'd have him shot. Longorio pocketed
the money and rode away with a broad
grin on his face, to rejoin the scouts.
It seems he had lassoed the Indian
first and started to bring him in alive,
but after draereing him a miie over the
cactus plain, poor Lo's spiri* fled and
another bad Indian was made a good
one via the Paradise Valley route."
■';:"■ Divers in • the Royal Navy are pal<J ac
cording, to the depth they go down. Thus.'
for working in six fathoma of water they
get 4s ;j; j for • the ; - first > half hour: twely*
fathoms, 4b 6d, and beyond ; tMa 5a. , -•-... vWICKEDEST CITY IN THE WEST: TOMBLESTONE AT ITS WORST
and
AT ITS BEST
"QUICKER THAN IT TAKES TO TELL IT HE HAD SHOT HENDERSON THROUGH THE SHOULDER."
Special to The Sunday Call.
AN item is going the rounds of
the newspapers to the effect that
there are more active church
members in Tombstone in pro
portion to the population than
in any community in Arizona or
New Mexico, and also that the temper
ance sentiment Is stronger there than
elsewhere in the Southwest Territory.
"Yes, Tombstone is a model moral
Christian community now," said ex-
Senator Harvey Williams of Benson to
the writer the other day. "It is the
most wonderful transformation in pub
lic sentiment of any town I ever knew.
I say candidly that the very wickedest,
cussedest wild West town that I ever
knew (and I have been in all of them
except Bodie and Deadwood) was that
mining town of Tombstone seventeen
years ago this season. Whew! but that
was a tough place! Dodge City, Kans.,
■was never so generally depravei. Lead
ville had some horrible shooting
s< rapes, but none that ever compared
with those at Tombstone. Sherman,
Tex., was also mighty tough along
about 1873, but it never touched Torab-
Btone as it was seven years later. Crip
ple Creek was said to be tough, but it
was a model town by the . id^ of Tomb
stone. No, there'll never be another
mining town so recklessly bad and
thoroughly lawless as Tombstone. The
conditions, you know, were just right to
make Tombstone the abandoned, hard
ened community it was for two years. I
believe there were twenty-two men shot
down in cold blood while I was there
from June to September."
Tombstone, Arizona, is now one of
the quietest and sedatest little villages
in the land. The visitor there these
da; . who looks for landmarks that will
remind him of the thrilling: scenes of
sixteen or seventeen years ago finds
but a few gaunt, weather-beaten old
buildings, where bats and owls abide,
and a little graveyard among the sun
baked hills where some s' 'v bodies of
men and women who died tragic
deaths find their first genuine rest.
Tombstone is in the southern part of
Arizona, southeast from the old Mexi
can pueblo of Tucson, and a few miles
from the boundary between Sonora,
Mexico, and the United States. There
are now about 1200 people in Tomb
stone, and but little mining is done
there. In 1880 Tombstone and her mines
were in every one's mouth in the West, i
The newspapers everywhere — East and '
"West— published columns about the •
marvelous gold and silver finds in the !
Tombstone district, and newspaper sto- j
ries of the hard life in the town went I
everywhere. Seven men there were j
each having an income of over $1300 a |
day from the mine?, and they had been
as poor as Job's proverbial turkey a ■
yoar before. There were 10,000 men and i
about 300 women in the town and its j
suburbs.
The reports of the extreme wealth of }
the ledges at Tombstone set the whole i
West crazy. The news went abroad
that the Gird and Schaeffelln crowd
•were taking out 500 pounds of silver {
from the rocks besides a dozen pounds j
of gold every day. Could there be any- j
thing that would inflame more the '
minds of eager, restless men? Dodge
City and Newton, Kans., the hard
towns in Texas and the depraved
camps in Colorado were dwindling
away then by the advancement of the
railroads, so when Tombstone became
the new El Dorado the most spontane
ous stampede of all the murderers, out
laws, ex-convicts, hardened frontiers
men and tough gamblers of the plains
set in, with Tombstone as the objective
point.
In two months the town gained 3000
male Inhabitants. The mining district
being near the boundary line between
the United States and Mexico, fugi
tives from justice both from , Mexico
and the United States went to Tomb
stone, while several hundred of the
meanest" and lowest half-breed Mexi
cans and Indians flocked to the new
town to prey upon the tenderfeet there.
Cowboys quit cowpunching and went
to Tombstone to live on their wits and
hard names. Saloon-keepers went there
from all over California and every
State and Territory along the Rocky
Moutains. There was no prison or pe
nal institution worthy the name in the
whole Territory of Arizona in those
days, and whatever there was of police
system was at once demoralized upon
the discovery of enormous wealth in
the Santa Rita Mountains. What man
would serve as constable or marshal
for a few hundred dollars a year, and
risk his life every hour in the day with
the most desperate characters In the
world, when there seemed a possibility
of finding a gold or silver mine there
with a fortune?
From January, 1880, to March, 1881, it
was a never-ending battle between
these lawbreakers on one side and the
men who knew no law on the other.
From first to last, forty-seven men were
killed with their boots on. Ex-Govern
or Filkins saw nine men shot down be
fore his eyes at that time. At least
Ity-five gambling houses had places
he main street, keeping their doors
c open day time and night time,
day and all time. One of them, the
1 Room, was capable of holding 500
300 people. Every known kind of
lbling was practiced. A sight was
l in this place one Sunday ntght
t is not often witnessed. A Meth
odist preacher went to the bogs of the
place, Jack Trowbridge, and requested
permission to hold divine services. It
waa granted, and with every gambling
§c running, the bar sending out its
Id hell, that preacher, the Rev. Mr.
m, stood up and told the story of
m»n of Nazareth. Before he had
finished his sermon a quarrel arose at
one of the card tables, and a man was
shot. A detailed account of the killing
and murders is not intended. If a- gang
of Mexican vaqueros rode into town
the smallest provocation would set their
guns going, and going to kill.
Mike Fitzpatrkk kept a dive he called
the "Side Door." The unlucky chap
that got in there found himself "side
doored" until his money was gone.
Some of the decent people were bold
enough to protest against some of his
robberies, among others a prominent
merchant. Mike did not like any inter
ference with hiF business, and one
morning he loaded himself a little fuller
than usual with his vile whisky and
started out to do a little slaughtering.
The merchant was sought, but hap
pened to be out of his store. Mike
went up the street, terrorizing every
body, and walked into a saloon. There
he saw the city's Police Judge, George
Halliday, and without the slightest
provocation or a word of warning he
shot him through the heart. The Mar
shal, Jack Johnson, had been advised
that Mike was on a raid and had
started to capture him. Seeing Mike
coming out of the saloon Johnson took
a rest for his Winchester rifle on the
well curb and shot him down.
This was Tombstone's last killing. In
an hour afterward the citizens had
formed a league and the suspicious
characters were notified to leave. They
left. Only a few incidents are men
tioned; only a few of the shootings de
tailed. Tom Carson, a nephew of old
Kit Carson, was sent for and came to
take tho marshalship of the town. He
j stayed three weeks. The toughs had
I it in for him, and to save his life he
skipped.
All life in Tombstone centered about
the saloons and dance halls. If one
wanted to see- a mining boss, a pros
pector, an editor, a ranchman or a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
United States Marshal he would almost
always find him of an evening in some
saloon and gambling place. These in
stitutions were worthy an artist's
study. They were always crowded
from sunset till dawn with human be
ings. Bars extended nearly the entire
length of the deep halls, over which
Arizona whisky was freely dealt out at
25 cents ("two bits") a glass.
A score or more of gambling tables
were in operation in each place. At
the bar was a maudlin crowd, subject
to no moral restraint, pouring without
stint fiery liquid down its throat. Pro
fessional gamblers, cool and calculating,
presided at the gaming tables. Among
these were red-faced women wearing
derby hats, dealing faro. The players
sat around the table, silent and with
anxious faces, and a sympathizing
crowd looked on. Mexican musicians
sat on elevated seats discoursing mu
sic that drowned the chinking of gold
and silver coins. The harvest was usu
ally reaped between Saturday night
and Monday morning. A thousand
miners flocked from the hills to spend
these intervals in the city and to try
their luck at the gaming tables. Hun
dreds were left without money enough
on Monday morning to pay for a drink
before starting for the mountains. It
was in these weekly intervals that mur
der was rife among the gamblers. But
affrays in Tombstone were of not much
account at that time. If a report of a
pistol was heard and some one was
wounded or even killed, the game was
interrupted only for a few minutes.
Many a time the little Tombstone daily
newspaper dismissed a murder with
four or five lines.
Men who have been in every mining
camp in the West and have lived along
the frontier for a generation say that
the dance houses at Tombstone were
the worst of all. There were nine dance
halls in full blast seven nights in the
week at Tombstone in 1880. They were
$25,000 SPENT ON A PET DOG
TWO thousand seven hundred and
fifty dollars isi a great deal to
spend on a dog's collar, but the
lucky canine possessing this cost
ly bauble — an ornament that a
belle at the Metropolitan during the
opera season might have been proud
to wear about her ■white throat— had
$26,000 spent upon him. His kennel
was marble and his platter, on which
his bone was put, was solid gold. This
king of dogdom lived in London in
1806, and was the property, if such a
term can be applied to so wealthy and
aristocratic a dog, of a peer.
Fifteen thousand dollars is the high
est price, probably, ever paid for a dog
collar, which was ordered in London
in 1832 by Lady Mackln for her pet
pug. The collar was made in India,
and was a marvel of art. It was inlaid
in gold, silver and ivory and heavily
incrusted with diamonds that a rajah
of old might have coveted.
Lady MacK.n called her pet Stars
and Stripes, because he was the gift
of an attache of the American Lega
tion. No matter how formal a dinner
party this charming hostess gave— and
she secured the chef that made the
Coldstreams, the crack regiment of
England, famous— whether at her town
house or at her castle, Stars and
Stripes was in evidence. With great
ceremony the butler admitted the pug
as coffee was served, and before the
assembled company he took his dailj
quota of bonbons.
Only upon one occasion was the order
given to absent Stars and Stripea. The
recruited from all the human pest spots
from New Orleans to San Francisco,
and the hardened managers of the
dance halls kept agents constantly
scouring the cities for female recruits.
The dance halls were all in great barn
like structures, that covered an area of
60 feet wide by 150 feet long. A fancy
bar 70 feet long ran along one si#e of
the hall. Benches of pine wood served
as seats along the walls. The men
there who would not treat the women
to drinks several times every evening
were marked as unfit for association
with the society of Tombstone. On
many a night the bar at a dance house
has taken in over $200. On Sundays it
would always be $250 to $300.
The dancing was free, but the man
who did not respond frequently to the
manager's stentorian call of "all parties
waltz to the bar," at two-bits a head,
became unpopular. The females danced
more than fifty times a nigUt. As they
could no^ possibly drink every time
they danced, those who abstained were
given tickets which were afterward
cashed at % cents apiece at the bar.
These wild orgies beggar description.
It seemed as though there never could
be more reckless depravity. When death
occurred among the unfortunate wo
men the newspapers c ntained eulogis
tic and touching obituaries.
The greater part of the shooting
affairs in Tombstone started either in a
gambling saloon or a dance hall. In
July, 1880, a rather good-looking Mexi
can girl named Ponchita came to
Tombstone from Sonora. Hank Allen,
who was running the town about this
time, by virtue of having killed Bill
Emmons, the boss of the toughs, a few
weeks before, fell in love with Pon
chita. Hank was a six-footer about 40
years old, and had been a refugee tioui
justice in the Panhandle of Texas for
ten years before he struck Tombi'cne,
and had become a wonderfully expert
Prime Minister was the guest of honor
this evening. Lady Mackin, who was a
power in politics, was opposed to the
foreign policy of the Minister. The wily
diplomat saw a way to remove his
great stumbling block and he proceed
ed to do so, much to the disgust of the
opposition. He requested his hostess
not to allow Stars and Stripes to hold
him responsible for the banishment,
and tactfully hinted that even he, with
all his honors, would not care to win
the enmity of such a personage as Stars
and Stripes. The pug was admitted,
and deserted the velvet cushions at his
mistress' side to eat bonbons from the
plate of the grand old man of the hour.
Lady Mackin and the members of her
salon, whom she influenced by her tact
and diplomacy, went over to the Min
ister, and the opposition cursed Stars
and Stripes not only loudly but deeply.
So the girls of to-day, who go into
ecstacies over doggie, may learn that
they are not creating a fad, and though
they squander from $10 to $200
on the bracelets all dogs of fashion
wear on their left forepaws, or invest
enormous sums in collars, or put their
pretty eyes out embroidering costly
blankets and cushions for his dogship
to wear and rest upon. It has all been
done before. In other times there have
been other silly ones.
The rate at which ships of war take
In coal nowadays is simply marvelous.
Recently one of Britain's first-class bat
tleships in the Mediterranean, the Magnifi
cent, averaged over 160 tone an hour, that
is at the rate of nearly three tons a min
ute! Officers turn to and work like nig
gers, as well as the men, and they cer
tainly look like them when the Job is
over.
CROMWELL IN WESTHINSTER AT LAST.
Shall Cromwell have a statue ? An old question, often discussed in our boyhood, and upon ivhioh
Carlyle wrote most eloquently, has now been answered in the affirmative by the placing
in Wcsiminster Hall of this bust of the Great Protector. The statue is by Bernini, the fa
mous Florentine sculptor (1598-1680), who also executed several busts of Charles I. It
has been presented to Parliament by Charles Wertheinier, in recognition of Cromwell's
kindness to the Jewish race.
fellow wkh a pistol. He had a half-
Interest In a roulette gambling device,
and he went about town with two or
three revolvers in his belt. He always
went in the middle of the street, so
that he could better see any one who
lay in wait for him, and that he mignt
have an unimpeded view in case he was
attacked. Fortunately for the general
community he was seldom intoxicated,
for then he was very cross and ugly,
and would shoot on the least provoca
tion. His favorite amusement witn a
tanderfoot whom he did not like was to
fire bullets a yard or two from the ter
rified person's head, "just to give him
some music." so Hank said.
Hank was not slow in telling Pon
chita that he loved her and that she
must love him, that he was boss of
Tombstone at that time, and that it
would not only be an honor to her to
have his attentions at the Golden
Eagle dance hall, but safer for other
admirers to keep their distance when
he was about. But Ponchita had eyes
for a young man of good family named
Henderson, just out from Michigan.
For some time Hank never suspected
he had a secret rival in Ponchita's
affections. One night when Hank had
gone over to a neighboring camp, Hen
derson could not resist the opportunity
to drink and dance with the Mexican
girl at the dance hall. About midnight
Hank suddenly strode into the place.
He was mad in a moment and several
dancers who saw him draw his gun got
out of the way. Quicker than it takes
to tell it he had shot Henderson
through the shoulder. The dancing
stopped, and upon Ponchita's assur
ance of her affection for Hank he put
up his weapon. Henderson went out
with some friends, apparently to hunt
up a physician, while Hank Allen called
the house up to the bar to drink vrifh
him, never giving a second thought to
how his shooting might result. Once
out of the dance hall Henderson's an
ger became violent. He went and bur
rowed a sawed-off shotgun from a
gambler down the street, and while
dripping with blood from his wound he
loaded it with buckshot. Then, with
two companions, he was on his way
around a rear window to the Jance
hall, where he could draw aim on Hank
Allen.
Some one must have hastened to the
later and warned him of the impending
assassination, for just as Henderson
and his companions were creeoin>< part
the dance hall Allen hastened out. He
drew one of his pistols just as Hender»
son raised to shoot him. The ?un and
pistol went off exactly at the same mo
ment.
Henderson staggered and fell, and
Allen staggered Into the arms of a by
stander.
Although Hank Allen's shest ~*as
pierced by seven buckshot, he raised
himself sufficiently to shoot eight ti.nes
at the fallen Henderson. Both men
were dead in a minute more.
In June, 1880, the Elephant saloon
and dance house was opened by Bill
Watson and Jake Jacobs, two old-time
sports, who had made money in Deni
son, Texas. They decided to run a
high-toned place, where the rich mine
owners and the moneyed men from Cal
ifornia could have a good time at gam
bling and drinking and flirting with the
blondes that danced there. It was
thought that this was to fill a long-felt
want, and in a measure would separate
the sheep from the goats among the
masculine population of Tombstone.
Around the walls of the hall were
showbill pictures. At one side wera
smaller rooms where faro, poker, stud
poker and roulette were played.
Everything went well at Watson &
Jacob's Elephant for a few days. The
place did a land office business. Four
bartenders were kept on the jump half
the time, and the fiddlers sank from
exhaustion in their chairs. Suddenly
the dance girls struck and declared
that they would not lend their presence
to the Elephant, if Mexicans were al
lowed to come there. They claimed
that the agent who had hired them in
San Francisco had said there were only
white gt-.tlemen in the new mining
camp. Jake Jacobs issued an order to
doorkeepers to permit none but good
white men to enter, no matter how
much gold they might display.
There was no serious trouble result
ing from this refusal to admit all of
the citizens of Tombstone until the fol
lowing . aturday evening when the
miners had been paid off, and the town
was unusually hilarious. A dozen men
attempted to enter the Elr-phant and
were told to kepp out. They held a
consultation. That always meant in
those days a quiet talk as to their re
spective armaments.
In a twinkling the Elephant was
fired upon with pistols from the out
side. The place was In full blast at the
time. The dance girls went shrieking
behind the bar. The gamblers at the
tables snatched their money and chips
and huddled in groups for protection
behind one another, while the men
dancers drew their own shooting irons.
The outsiders were careful not to shoot
an men on the inside, but one stray
shot did kill a barkeepor. The mirrors
behind the bar were ruined by bullets
through the windows. The lamps were
extinguished b- bullets. The fancy
woodwork in front of the bar was bat
tered by lead, and the big bass viol
in the orchestra was shot through sev
eral times.
The scare was so great to many peo
ple in the Elephant that It never re
gained its popularity, and dancing 1 went
back to the other and earlier saloons in
the town.
The people of Tombstone, in spite of
all their shooting proclivities, had a
great time. There was a killing every
day or two, but that did not check the
prevailing hilarity. They were great
jokers. A favorite joke on strangers
was to take them out hunting antelope.
Mayor Robinson had a fine pack of
hounds and two horses, one called Ca
lamity and Greyhound. Calamity could
only go a few miles when he was wind
ed and almost useless. He was reserved
for the stranger. On the way Robinson
would incidentally talk of hostile Apa
ches and the possibility of meeting
them until the tenderfoot's hair began
to raise. In a gulch a score of Tomb
stone fellows would be hid, all rigged
up in complete Indian outfits. Robin
son would manage to lose all the hunt
ers and be alone with the • stranger
when they reached the gulch. Thm
out would come the bogus Indians with
a blood-curdling war whoop.
"Fly for your life!" Robinson would
yell, and. sticking his spurs into Grey
hound, he would be out of sight in a
minute.
It was a sight to see the tenderfoot
trying to mend the pace of Calamity
with the Indians always a little in the
rear. The Indians would retreat at the
edge of town, and all the town would
be out to see the tenderfoot's arrival
and tell him with grave faces what a
narrow escape he had had. They never
gave the snap away and the game vent
right along by the year. Some of the
tenderfeet told hair-raising stories, a ia
Falstaff, of how they had slain a num
ber of the hostiles, but none ever told
they had been hoaxed.
When the mines began to peter out,
when the railroad built through South
ern Arizona, and when the ranches be
gan to be well-settled upon, new blood
went to Tombstone and the town quick
ly became an orderly, respectable busi
ness-like town. The hurdy-gurdys, the
dance houses, faro banks, the cowboys
with their red sashes, sombreros, high
heeled boots and clanking spurs, are
gone forever, but for two years never a
livelier town flourished in wealth and
wickedness than Tombstone.
2526
SOCIETY
THE out of town season is over.
City homes are once again open,
and preparations are being made
for winter pleasures and enter
tainments.
A number of weddings and receptions
made the past week— the first on the so
cial calendar — pass agreeably.
At St. Luke's Episcopal Church on Wed
nesday afternoon Sarah Elmer Black a-.d
Edward C. Ward were joined In mar
riage by the rector of the church, the
Rev. Dr. Shaw. Only a few friends and
relatives of the couple witnessed the
ceremony, It being the desire of the prin
cipals that the affair be celebrated quiet
ly and without eclat. •
Th© bride Is the sister of Dr. James A.
Black of this city, and has been a prom
inent figure In social events for several
years past. The groom is well known
along the coast, where he has estb
llshed an enviable reputation in commer
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
■ ■■■■■■■■ B-B ■■■■■■■■■■
■■■, ..' . ' -'« ■■ :■ ' ' ; A ■-i
DRY GOODS COMPANY. *
-? -•'•-•> ■' '- " ■ '. -.■••• ■-. ■
■ B
CLOAK and SUIT DEPARTMENT, i
■ ■•• ■ - ' ■■■ a--: ■■•■ • - .- ■■• ■ a
Its popularity is daily increasing, which is a positive 1
proof of our keeping the correct styles at the "*
right prices. .. ■ T
a
We are showing the handsomest assortment of ■
high-grade Ladies' Tailor Suits, Capes and Jackets, ■
Imported Costumes and Golf Capes. H ;
Our NAVY and BLACK ENGLISH CHEVIOT 1,
RSUIT, latest cut Jacket •■ at $25,00, i
deserves special mention. E
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. |ij
: i
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, "T
. : SE. Corner Geary : and Stockton Streets, S. F. "■ "
UNION SQUARE. ■
LAST RALLY OF THE TRIBESMEN AROUND THjE CRESCENT.
cial circles as manager of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company.
After the solemnization of the wedding
a supper was served at a downtown • b
tablishment. and Mr. Ward and his bride
then departed on the 4:oi» train for Coro
nado Beach. Upon their return from
the south Mr. and Mrs. Ward will make
their residence at tho Hotel St. Nicholas.
William Keith, the artist, opened his
studio Thursday afternoon to the mem
bers of the Pacific ('cast Women's Press
Association and their friends, with the
result that from 2 to 4 his spacious rooms
were filled almost to overflowing With a
throng of appreciative and interested
g'jesta.
Over 100 ladles prominent in artistic,
literary and social circles nva'l«d them
selves of the graciously extended invita
tion. Among the many were Mrs. J. G.
Lcmmon, Mrs. Emma Seckle Marshall,
Mme. Guido Spitzy, Mrs, Florence 11.
Miner, Mrs. Florence Matheson, . Mrs.
Mary Hart. Mrs. Sara E. Reamer" Mrs.
A. E. Krebs, Mrs. N. B. Xyster, Mrs.
Julia P. Churchill and Mrs. Churchill of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
Yreka. Mrs. A. M. McComas and Miss
McComas, and Mrs. J. Torrey Connor ol
Los Angeles, Miss Verna Woods of Sacra
mento. M ( ss Bessie Rumsey and Misi
Harriet Skidmore.
Amid ferns, palms and other floral
adornment the Woman's Professional and
University Club gave the tirst of its
fortnightly entertainments Thursday
evening.
Home Qatherings.
Mine. Florence Montague was tendered
a birthday surprise party at her home in
Oakland on Wednesday last by her little
friends. As Mme. Montague entered the
room where the sweet visitors were as
sembled each arose in turn to offer their
congratulations and tokens of their love.
A pleasant afternoon was spent, during
which stories were told, recitations given
by the children and refreshments serv< d.
Those present were Eflie Brown, Lillian
and Blanche Penberthy, Alice and Maud
Miller, Gertrude Moore, Ktha Musser.
•Lulu and B. Lamouruux and Leon and
Violei Gove.
Mrs. C. M. Moss pave a very pretty din
ner at the Hotel Marguerite last even
ing In honor of Mrs. Norrifl of Fresno
and M. A. Tucker of Tacoma. The table
was tastily decorated and the menu ex
cellent. Eleven couples enjoyed a very
pl< asant evening.
The eighteenth birthday of Miss Emelie
I'auss was celebrated recently at the
residence of her mother, 3421 Nineteenth
street. The dining-room was decorated
with (lags, ferns and lanterns. The even-
Ing was pleasantly spent in singing and
dancing.
A surprise party was Riven by Miss
Lena Jonas to her brother, Louis Jonas,
at the residence, 1310% Ellis street, last
Sunday evening. The parlors were taste
fully decorated with smilax and ferns.
Darning was In order until midnight,
when the company, to the number of fifty,
sat down to a bountiful supper, after
which dancing was resumed.
A very pleasant surprise party was
tendered Bum I'armenter at her residence,
309 Jones street, last Monday evening by
her many friends. Vocal and Instrumental
music and dancing were the amusements
of the evening, after which an elegant re
past was partaken of. Among those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. Muller. Mr. and
Mrs. Minor. Mr. and Mrs. Hart, Miss Pearl
Reid. Joe Boyan, W. Sale, Charles Baker,
William Baker, Mrs. Ring, Mr. Maekay,
Misses Heggani, Misses Ould, Willie
Ould, Mr. Platt. Mr. niatt, A. Windt, H.
Windt, Dr. Blondin, Mamie Holean, Miss
McLeod, Charles Parmenter, Miss Smith,
Miss Robles and Lou Parmenter.
A surprise party was given to Miss Til
lie Wake at the residence of her friend,
Miss B. J. Cerf, 109 Eleventh street. The
evening was greatly enjoyed.
Club Parties.
Friday evening a banquet was given by
the California Gamma Chapter of the
Pi Delta Kappa Fraternity at a downtown
restaurant in honor of C. Williard Evans,
who will leave next week for tho East
to attend Cornell College. Among those
present were F. E. Van Douzer, CI. M.
Brommel. A. YV. Splivalo, E. W. Prentk-e,
Sheldon Potter, B. Cregg, A. Levejisaler,
Carl Cook, O. P. Plagemann, Frederick
Sewitt, W. B. Bundsehu, E. W. Evans
William H. Mayhew. W. E. Janke, J. S.
Finley Jr., H. IT. Weihe, M. H. Schwartz
and C. G. "Wilson.
Outing parties.
A delightful yachting party was given
last Sunday on Lewis Q. Haven's beauti
ful yacht Sapnho. Those who participat
ed in the day's enjoyment were: Miss
Kate A. Frlis, Miss Grace E. Fernbach,
Misses Stephenson, Mrs. A. J. Hayes,
MLss Ella Fernbach. Messrs. S. Q. Haven
G. Edgar. O. A. Harker, E. Hayden, W.
Morton and P. Edgar.
In the Future.
. The San Francisco Frauen Vereln will
hold* its nineteenth anniversary ball at
Saratoga Hall this evening.
Bartlett Springs.
Following are the arrivals at Bartlett
Springs during the week: Colonel F. S.
Chadbourne, Thomas H. Nicholls, G. W.
Root, wife and child. Mr. and Mrs. H.
M. Whittle, Rev. P. Casey, I. R. Dickey,
W. IS. Short. L. Miller, Isaac Upham. H.
H. Kalish. A. W. Johnson. R. L. Cock
rill, W. D. Littleton, E. N. Short, San
Francisco; J. \V. Wright and wife, H. E.
O'Neal, Dr. E. M. Dixon, E. Nye, Sacra
mento; \\\. R. Engstrom, Denver; C. A.
Johnson, F. Johnson, Mrs. A. Johnson,
Tudor; Mrs. A. M. Rule, Mrs. A. L.
Lowdi'n, Weaverville; Mrs. E. M. Ober
mlller, Mis.s Obermiller, Haywards; Louis
Enos, Broderlckj B. Hawkins and wife,
Master Beanie May, Auburn; Dr. J. H.
Karr, Marysvlllc; E. T. Barrett and fam
ily, Sutter"; L. P. Smith and wife, Berke
ley: I". W. Bullock. Chicago; Mrs. F. M.
Hanson, Walsonville; George W. Sween
ey, Mrs. George W. Sweeney, Oakland;
William Trevitthan and son, Pleasant
Grove; S. W. McCaw. Walnut Creek;
Nora Andrews, Woodland; George Ritter
ath, Colusa; E. R. Anthony, F. W. Mc-
Cormick, Alameda; F. Oakley, Hancock
Banning, Los Angeles; D. R. Payne,
Tracey; Louis Provost, Willows; J. H.
Balsdon and wife. Grand Island; J. 11.
Thompson, John C. Thompson, Stockton.
J^ersonals.
Miss Margaret Carroll and Miss Agnes
Connolly are sojourning at Margaretta
Vineyard, Napa Valley, the guests of
Mrs. J. C. Sullivan.
Dr. Stanley Stillman will return to San
Francisco from Europe about the 18th of
this month.
Miss Lulu J. Landls has gone to San
Jose to be absent several weeks.
P. J. Donohue, the well-known Califor
nian, has been made an honorary member
of tin 1 Marlborough Club, which is also
the Prince of Wales" club, In London. Mr.
Donohue has for some time looked after
the interests of the United States at the
Vatican and is persona grata at the Papal
court.
Mine. B. Biber left for New York Fri
day evening, to be gone three weeks.
William Keith and C. F. O'Callaghan
are guests of Mr. and Mrs. John H. Jew
ett at Wildwoud. their beautiful country
home In the Sonoma Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Gunzendorffer, 1636 Bu
chanan street, will be at home to their
friends Sunday evening. September 18, the
occasion of their fifth anniversary.
Mrs. M. G. Toninl and family have re
turned to town after a three-months" so
journ in Rosa Valley.
Miss Lucy Coleman and Miss Emma Gill
have returned from Monterey after spend
ing a week with the family of James R.
Fraiser at their ranch near the Carmelo.
Miss Frances Butz of Vlsalla, who has
been visiting Dr. J. T. Wells and Miss
Alys S. Wells, relatives, in Portland, has
returned to the city after a three weeks"
sojourn in Oregon's metropolis.
Mr. and Mrs. Isdor Oppenheimer have
returned from their summer home, Bell's
Cottage. Alameda, and are stopping at
Hotel Miramar. At home second and
fourth Mondays.
Roger Sherman Phelps, a graduate of
the class of '97 and a post-graduate of '98
of the University of California, left here
September Ist for New York, where he
will spend a few weeks with relatives. At
the beginning of the next term of Harvard
University he will enter there for a post
graduate course.
Mrs. E. K. Ash of 1C24 Sutter street
would be pleased to see her friends the
second Tuesday of each month.
Miss Lorretta Valentine has gone to the
Santa Cruz Mountains on a visit to
friends.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Richards have re
turned from their summer home at Mill
Valley.
Miss Elsie Cohn and Miss Bessie Borren
are visiting Miss Birdie Appleton of San
Jose.
George Elliott Hunt, manager city de
LAST STAND OF THE TRIBESMEN
IN THE SUN-BAKED SOUDAN
Africa, Routed From Her Last Defense, Gives Way to the European.
One need not be an Englishman to appreciate the situation in Egypt. For years England has been haying her
own troubles with the bloodthirsty, treacherous fanatics who infest the vague region of desolation known as the Sou
dan. Who does not remember the fate of "CHinese" Gordon at Khartoum and the blot on En ands name winch
was a consequence of his abandonment? The present campaign under the leadership of General Kitchener is one of he
most picturesque and most thrilling in the annals of modern warfare. The results of the victory will be momentous
for it practically throw* the Dark Continent open to uninterrupted European trade from Cape Town in the south to
Egypt in th » north , C^cll Khodes 1 dream of a railroad across the continent from north to south may soon become a
relmv now and it ma^run all the , way over British territory. This last battle of the tribesmen against the combined
Egyptian and British force, was practically the last stand of the native against invading civilization. Africa is now
open to trade and its consequences.
ABOVT:. a scorching blue sky,
emitting tongues of fire; be
neath, scorching brown sand,
reflecting tongues of fire;
around, a scorching atmos
phere, parching the skin and blinding
the eyes; every man's, mule's, aye, even
camel's tongue dry with thirst and |
water a precious boon that has to be I
husbanded carefully. This is the ro
mance of the desert as known to Brit
ish troops, the romance through which :
British warriors, black and white,
Egyptian and Tommy Atkins, Moham
medan and Highlander, hurled them
selves against the power of the Mahdl
and gained two of the most brilliant
and far-reaching victories of modern
days.
Twelve thousand men, following the
Union Jack, marshaled against sixty
thousand Dervishes! Truly it might
have looked to outsiders as though
General Hunter were deliberately sac
rificing a "forlorn hope" to the dignity
of the British empire. "What were
these among sj many?" Moreover the
Mahdi's Dervishes were reputed the i
best fighters in all torrid Africa; men !
who fought with frenzied fanaticism, j
who died on the battlefield with visions j
of Paradise and beckoning houris; men j
who took precautionary measures for
not dying superfluously; who planned
zaribas carefully stockaded with im
penetrable hedge of prickly mimosa, \
its stems inside, its thorns massed
against the limbs of the enemy; men
who, believing in heaven-born substi
tutes, made unto themselves a living j
fence of miserable slaves, chained to
gether in the trenches and ready to
fight with maniacal energy in the hope j
of deliverance by death. And against
this fevered, determined, well discip
lined host Hunter could only pit his
mixed regiments, one-fifth of the enemy
in number, and mainly recruited from
the despised Egyptian who had proved
his worthlessness some sixteen years
ago.
When Arab! Pasha rose In 1882, when
Alexandria was bombarded and Wolse
ley by his brilliant and decisive flank
movement won permanent laurels at !
Tel-el-Keb'*\ the knell of the black sol- j
dier was exposed to be rung. He had j
proved himself hopelessly incompetent;
whatever his muscular value might be :
his head and heart were in the wrong j
place; as a fighting machine he was J
utterly worthless and for all available \
purposes he might as well be buried. i
This was what Mahmoud Pasha re- j
membered when, in 1898, he made grim *
preparations to receive the British j
forces at Atbara. He had numbers, I
but he did not rely on numbers alone !
as he carefully planned his zariba, pre- |
paring every trap that could trip un- !
wary limb or break active back. Cun- i
ning shelter pits, unsuspected holes, |
"surprise" trenches, ambush hillocks, j
all hidden in nature's tangle of palm j
stem, sharp thorn and prickly grass.
Around, the impenetrable stockade and
the triple trench with its slave gangs,
desperate between their two fires. What
white man could come out of this devil's
device unscathed? And the white man
must be already weakened by his
desert miseries, by heat and its attend
partment of the Union Mutual Life Insur
ance Company of Portland, Maine, is
away on an extended Eastern trip and is
at present a visitor at his daughter's
home in Tacoma. Wash.
Mrs. Meyer Siegel and daughter Marion
have returned to their home in Los An
geles after a five weeks' visit to her par
rents, Mr. and Mrs. I. Magnin.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Magnin and daughter
Lucille left last Saturday for an extended
trip to Los Angeles, Coronado, Catalina
Island and all southern points of interest.
Mrs. L. Jacobson has removed from 1707
Post street to 1431 Webster stieet, and will
be at home the second Friday of each
month.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. McGibben re
turned last week from the East, after a
visit of three months.
Mrs. Max M. Brown will be at home to
her friends at 910 Devisadero street on the
second Friday of fach month.
Mrs. Ed H. Coleman of 1635 Oak street
has just returned to San Francisco after
an absence of five months, during which
she visited all the large Eastern cities
and some of the principal summer resorts.
Mrs. G. Alexander. Mrs. I. Hoffman and
Miss Helen Alexander left for the East
Sunday evening.
Mrs. C. Kalbmann and her oldest son
are visiting friends in Stockton for a few
days.
Miss Clara Kalbmann has returned from
Los Angeles after a four months' visit
wfth her sister, Mrs. M. Glass.
NEW PENSION LIST.
Continued From Page 17.
cations have been received, it is esti
mated at the War Department that
there are already from three thousand
to four thousand cases which form the
basis of pension claims. In speaking
to-day of the pensions growing out of
the present war, Commissioner of Pen
sions Evans said to me:
"No additional legislation will be
necessary for adjudicating these pen
sion claims. They come under the
general pension law of 1862. Ido not
anticipate any great rush of applica
tions. We will create a new division,
in order to keep these records to them
selves, but we will not Increase the
office force. We are now waiting for
the completion of the War Department
records. The disabilities from this
war will not be nearly so great as from
our last war. Wounded soldiers who
would have died in the former war now
get well. This is owing to more hu
mane implements of warfare and extra
skill in surgery. Formerly a doctor
went along with a broadax and a
butcher knife, and cut off a leg where
a foot was injured. Surgeons now make
few amputations.
"By the way, they have been jump
ing on me lately about dropping from
the pension rolls soldiers of the last
war who have re-enlisted in this.
There are about fifty of these cases.
But they have no right to say that I
dropped them. The law dropped them.
The law distinctly provides that a sol
dier or sailor who Is on duty and draw
ing a salary for services cannot draw a
pension at the same time. If they
prefer the salary to the pension that
is all right, but they should not ex
pect both when the law distinctly
states that they should have but one."
The existing pension laws, without
any necessity for passing more, make
ample provision for pensioning sol
diers of the piesent war and their de
scendants. They come under the law
of July 4, 1862, and the law of March
3, 1873, which was amendatory of the
former law. This law, as amended,
provides that any person of the several
classes In the military service of the
United States after March 4, IS6I, and
who has been or 1b disabled subsequent
to that date, shall, upon making new
ant sickness, by lack of water and
above all by lack of sleep; for night in
the desert meant eternal watchfulness,
lying under canvas with the fear of
murder, or lying In the open with one
eye for the enemy.
Yet white men are notoriously long
suffering and unflinching, and if Queen
Victoria's white men had been coming
along 2000 strong even Mahmoud Pasha
might have had his doubts. But the
real Britishers were a handful, not
half a dozen regiments; all the rest
were trumpery Soudanese and Egypt
ians, cravens who stood in awe of the
Dervishes and were bound to give in
at the first scare. If the Mahdi's fa
vorite general could ignore his dignity
it is probable that Mahmoud Pasha
snapped his fingers in triumph.
Mahmoud Pasha had forgotten
Tommy Atkins.
The British non-commissioned officer
of Klplingnesque repute is not noted
for polished behavior, neither is his
yoke easy to bear. The recruit who
falls unto his drilling mercies does not
light on pleasant places nor is his ear
accustomed to sweet language; he
wishes many times a day that he had
never been born — so does his drill ser
geant. Yet the day comes when each
is proud of the other and their coun
try of both; and Tommy Atkins had
decreed that that day should dawn for
the black Egyptian. Undoubtedly he
was the most unpromising product that
had ever been swept into the ranks,
but since he was elected to fight for
The Widow he should become worthy
of his high calling if British oaths and
British energy could accomplish the
feat. And so Tommy Atkins drilled and
swore and execrated and "licked into
shape" till at last he foresaw the day
when he should weep with pride over
the doings of his graceless black re
cruits.
The day dawned on that morning
when the romance of war in its trail
ing horror, its untamed ferocity, its
sublime self-abnegation, swept on to
ward the mimosa-circled zariba of At
bara. There were white-skinned heroes,
with time-honored battle-cries in the
van that day; Warwickshires and men
of Lincoln, Seaforths and Camerons in
their vivid tartans, surged up and on,
their ranks thinning before the deadly
Dervish fire; surged on irresistibly to
the sound of bugle and pipe and the
crash of artillery, till at length the
mimosa hedge was wrenched asunder
and the pitiless hand-to-hand fight be
gan. But that which blanched the Der
vish heart was the unforeseen on
slaught of the blacks, the de
spised blacks, who thirsted
madly for revenge and who
had learned from Tommy Atkins how
to take it. Their brains afire, their
eyes blood red with rage, reckless of
death, their men dropping at the rate
of one to seven, yet blindly faithful to
their white leaders, they swarmed up
ridge and swooped down bank, carrying
everything before them. It was their
maddened, vengeful black faces that
the Dervishes first saw bursting
through the mimosa hedge; the black
faces that they last saw as they sank
in heaps adown the river's bed; the
black faces that they fled from across
the inflamed sand. And when the hour
of battle was over, that awful hour,
forty minutes in duration, which reck
oned its dead by thousands, it was the
despised, heroic black who was the
hero of the hour, who looked into his
officer's face with radiant, adoring
fealty, while Tommy Atkins wept tears
of joy to think that his drill-swearing
should have produced such results.
Yet was that fateful hour but the
Initiatory triumph of Tommy and his
proof of the fact according to such
forms and regulations as are or may be
provided, be placed on the list of in
valid pensioners of the United States,
and be entitled to receive for a total
disability or a permanent specific dis
ability certain amounts according to
his rating.
The cases of widows and dependent
parents are provided for by section 1
of the dependent pension act of June
7, 1890, "Under the conditions and lim
itations of existing laws."
The Pension Office ratings under the
old law have long been established.
The loss of both hands or legs entitles
one to a pension of $100 a month. A
total disability in both hands or legs
entitles the soldier to $72 a month. The
list is graduated down to $6 a month
for the loss of the big toe and $2 a
month for the loss of any other toe.
The loss of sight in one eye brings a
pension of $12 a month, while the loss
of the eye itself Increases the bounty
to $17 a month.
The several successive steps through
which a pension application passes
when it reaches the Pension Office are
as follows: First: It is received in the
mailing division and the date of its
receipt stamped upon it. Second: It
is forwarded to the record division, re
corded, given a number, and the official
character and identity of the officer be
fore whom it was executed is verified.
The verification is generally made
through court certificates.
The third step is to send the appli
cation to an examiner In one of the
five adjudicating divisions, where it is
put on file. Its fourth experience
comes when it is reached in order and
charged out to the examiner who is to
handle it. He calls on the War De
partment for the record of the service
of the soldier named in the application
his discharge, his hospital treatment!
etc.
As a fifth step the claimant, if a sol
dier, is ordered before a local examin
ing board, given a physical examination
and required to furnish such evidence
as may be necessary to complete his
claim. (Claims as they come in are
generally incomplete.) The completion
of the claim may take weeks, or months
or years, depending upon the prompt
ness and the accuracy with which the
evidence is supplied.
A widow must file evidence showing
the legality of her widowhood, that she
has not remarried and establishing the
fact that the death of her husband was
due to disabilities Incurred in the ser
vice.
On the completion of a claim the ex
aminer refers the case with proper rec
ommendations to the board of review.
It is placed in the hands of some special
reviewer, who indorses his recommend
ation on the face of the brief of the
case, and the case is again charged up
to a re-reviewer. After this it is either
refem-d back to the first examiner for
correction of Informalities or further
evidence or it comes for approval to
the chief of the board of review. If
approved it is sent to the medical di
vision in order that the rates to which
the claimant is entitled may be written
in. The papers finally go to the cer
tificate division, where the certificates
»re written, and the claimant or his
attorney or his member of Congresj Is
notified of the admission of the claJm.
The certificates must be signed by the
Secretary of the Interior and the Com
missioner of Pensions.
The States from which applications
have so far co-n'ie in for volunteer ser
vice are Wisconsin, Illinois, Pennsyl
vania, Indiana, Connecticut, Massachu
setts, Maryland, Tennessee, Alabama
Michigan, Maine, New York, Kansas'
Nebraska and South Dakota. Very
well distributed, surely.
dark-skinned pupil. The Dervish force,
with its inexhaustible elasticity, wag
routed, not subdued, and the final day
of reckoning had yet to come. Tommy
and his black chum knew it as they
wrung each other's ha.Js and looked
into each other's vengeful eyes; over
yonder, where the Khalifa's black flag
waved above Khartoum, the black
man longed to wipe out old scores, the
white man had to avenge something
worse, an insult to "the widow," a be
trayal of the w ; low's hero martyr. As
the twain loosened their soldier grip,
each knew that the Union Jack must
float in the place of the black flag.
The Dervishes knew it too. It was
the fanaticism of despair, not hope, that
hurled them against General Kitchener
and his Anglo-Egyptian forces at the
battle of Omdurma.i. A generation has
passed away since Europe was con
vulsed by the throes of such a struggle
as raged from sunrise to sundown on
September 2; a battle where Mussul
manic barbarism massed itself against
Christian civilization, when the glitr
tering banners of the Khalifa, his cop
per and brass drums, defied the sober
British colors, the sound of fife and
bagpipe; when thousands of white
robed Dervishes, their eyes aflame with
visions of Paradise, swept down upon
grenadiers and Irish fusiliers, on men.
of Lancashire and Northumberland,
Warwickshire and Lincoln, on High
land Camerons, Egyptians and Sou
danese, all fighting, not for dear life,
but for the honor of the British Em
pire, the future of the African con
tinent.
Such a battle has scarcely raged
since barbaric days; in its mad fervor,
its grim recklessness, its relentless
cruelty, it recalls the hours of Moham
med's personal power. The wildest
limits of courage and hate were reach
ed the British troops, thrilled with ad
miration for an enemy who carried
flags to within a hundred feet of their
lines and dropped with the Mohamme
dan's war cry on his lins. But even that
dying heroism had its fiendish side, as
many a brave man found to his cost;
the Dervish falls with murder in hia
heart, drops when wounded only to
sham death; again and again as a
white soldier or surgeon bent over a
stricken form, the apparently dead
quickened, the wounded regained
strength, and the Christian helper was
struck down. And so it happened that
British soldiers had to do that deed of
horror which appals even Tommy At
kins, hail to kill the dying in mercy to
his own living, to kill with a wild
thought throb remembering how his
own wounded were being treated, while
the Twenty-first Lancers were inspired
to a feat of heroism unrivaled since the
hour of the famous Six Hundered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000
® ©
I DOMESTIC |
1 DEPARTMENT. ®
® ®
I UNUSUAL '- 1 - ''•■•■■ T
| INDUCEMENTS §
% To Purchasers of : ®
I Housefurnislima 1
I Goofls! 1.
® ___ ®
® ■ - © •
® During this week we will®,
® offer our entire stock of |
| • Housefurnishlng Goods at a®
® remarkable reduction. ®
® Below is a sample of the 1.•
many Bargains to be ob- ®
® tamed. . ®
® — ®
® C 9 25 IRISH POINT®
® <P^«^»* LACE CURTAINS. 7L
® regular size, worth v
® $3; on sale at $2 25 a ®
® Pai^ ®
® Ski 7^ Pair— IRISH POINT
© vPA. / v». LACE CURTAINS, ®
© regular size, pretty ®
■ - patterns and very ®
®;; durable, worth -$3 50; ,
® on sale at $2 75 a pair, ,r
® V- — ® •
Ci) <k^ 7^ Pair— IRISH POINT <•> ■
W V Jt/J LACE CURTAINS,®
® full size; a large X
® range of new and "
>-, pretty designs: good ®
% value for $4 75; on®
® sale at $3 75 a pair. ®
to fiV TAILOR MADE®
)r v^L DTJCK SUITINGS, a °
® strong, durable mate- O
® rial; cloth effects and o
® , fast colors; worth n i
>>. . 10c; on sale at 6 l-4c w
® yard. O, •
® . — — O
® 71 r TAILOR MADE q
© '2^ DUCK SUITINGS, a X *
to serviceable material; °
X- cloth effects and good OsO s
® -styles; worth 12^c; O '
® on sale at 7%c yard. ®
® fiV CHECK GLASS®
® O 2 L TOWELING, 16®
® '■■ inches wide, fast ® *
® edges; good value for ®
® yard 0 SalC at 6^ C ®
® ' ®
to \J[j Murphy Bulldlnar, •* \®*
I; MarletM Jones S». %
®®®®®®®®®®(S)®®®®®®® .
_• Radway's Ready ! Relief for ; Sprains, ' Bruises,
Sore Muscles," Cramps. Burns, Sunburns. Back-
ache, Headache,' Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-.
ralgia, Lumbago, , - Internally : : for -■ all Bowel
Pains, Colic, Diarrhoea, ..- Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc. ■ All Urug-
gists. •.»".:•■■ :■■!- ■.:/-■ ijji -'. •,---••...■.--,>■-,.:.---.■■■ ■• - .
•'"*■ . . ', v - •.•■•■-.■NEW COLORS AND NEW GOWNS FOR AUTUMN
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. -It is a
great honor to be invited to
Larchmont on ladies' day.
Larchmont is the home of the
great yachting club, and here
there gather all the millionaire
yachtsmen of the East.
Tt was a long time before Larchmont
had a ladies' day. The old millionaire !
talts and the half million tars wanted
Larchmont all to themselves. It was so i
comfortable to sit out under the trees
and view the water, and so delightful
to lounge in the boats in yachting rig j
without a. thought of dressing for dinner.
The sturdiest opposition to ladies' day
came from the rocking chair tleet. The
rocking chair fleet at Larchmont is fa
mous the world over. It is composed of '
men who go to a yacht club, yet never j
go to sea. The captain has not been
upon a boat for twenty years, except
out of necessity; and not one of the rock-
Ing chair fleet would be guilty of own-
Ing a yacht. There they sit all summer
long under the trees rocking and watch- '
ing the yachts v they toss on the Hud
son. But Larchmont has a younger mem
bership, and the young men really want
ed a Indies' day. They had young wives,
and there never lived a yoUng wife who
did not want to visit her husband's club,
fjo ladies' day at Larchmont has come
to be one of the very fashionable func
tions which swell New Yorkers love to
attend. The handsomest and newest
fashions are seen there, and for nn>' day
the old salts have the pleasure of ming
ling In the very up-to-date ultra world.
You would be surprised at the names of
Borne "f the "salts." They an- the fam
< us millionaires of New York and of
Newport— yes, and all the large cities,
for Larchmont has a large out of town
membership, and yachtsmen from all
OVBT the country make their home at !
Larchmont when they visit New York.
Here they spend their evenings, and day
times they po tv town and transact busi
:n VVall street. As soon as they
reach "home" at night they cast off ail
habiliments of business and gel Into a
negligee and a pair of white duck trou-
Theo they enjoy life! It was these
comfort seeking yachtsmen who fought
a vigorous protest against a reception !
day.
I saw one fair Larchmont visitor a? she
•1 from the ears the other day and
turned her head toward the walk which
to the hotel. She wore a dress
which was of blue, out of deference to
1 :"or the army and navy; and be- j
time for the autumn rose,
Fhe wore a bunch of American Beauties
pinm-d upon her cor^
Her gown was of the new material.
Norfolk BUitlng, which is a plain color
with a mingling of another color. la
ase it was cuirassier blue with a
rl ■ blue curiously wove:; through
Cuirassier is aim. si a steel blue,
rhaps a little deeper. You can
of the exact shade of cuiras
sier from the French military novels.
This dress was made very airily aa
though the wearer ha.d no idea of for- I
g that summer was still"*a reality, j
The waist consisted of tl.rf- 1 parts— -a I
chemisette with a neat black sutin tie
and a large turquoise stud; a guimpe of
-i'.k with threu ruin--.-;
I with black satin frillings; n:id a
resden. Her waist
on fined with a black Batin ribbon
rht into a small buck!.' of cut
ral ornaments' of steel hung
the belt.
hits dress was in two parts
—an overskirt and an underskirt,
a very de< ;> I>i ■ sden siik
.. d with a black
num.
: :••.?• i.oth lined
uit red taffeta, exactly the j
.f the American Beauties, which
is a sort >f crimson red. In lifting her
skirt ' : lifted her overskirt a.so,
and there was a revelation o: the shiny i
s,i!k.
She carried in her hand a fall muff.
most ridiculous it would have been |
■ ■• of the year, had it r.ot been j
etty. It was made of plain blue I
Dresden silk edged with lace and trim-:
with an Immense bunch of violets, i
ked like a violet muff. Thes violets i
were natural, as were also the violets
upon the front of a verp pretty Bngllsh
walking hat. The muff concealed v hajid- |
kerchief and a fan.
Another eharmiiis costume seen at I
mom was an old rose ladies' cloth
of the most beautiful shade. It is hard
lure anything more beautiful than
the real old rose of the color that Is
■ r bright nor faded. It is just the I
of a tea rose brought I
m before the faded ■
have touched it. Th. Delsarte people, or;
those who study colors, tell us that the
failed flowers are the most beautiful and :
thai the fresh ones are vulgar arid un
ming, but the genius who in\
old rose struck the shade between t .■■
two. one that was neither light nor dark.
!>- or too sad.
This dress was lired with that \ r ry i
shade that one would choo c e for an old
CYCLING COSTUME IN ALPACA: By NicolL
First Glimpse
i&> of &
Fall Skirts,
rose dress— green. The green was an old
green, not too bright, but of that soft, rich
hue which would harmonize so perfectly
with old rose. This dress was embroid
ered in black. Great stripes of the em
broidery extended down the waist and
down the skirt. At first sight it looked
like passementerie, but as you touched
the figure you saw that it was black silk
hand embroidery. Around the foot of the
skirt there was a very deep lace ruffle,
and there was a great deal of lace upon
the sleeves and over the shoulders.
The hat was trimmed in old rose and
green, and the wearer certainly attracted
a great deal of attention on account of
the shades of her dress, although she was
not an extremely pretty woman.
They are going to dress a great deal
this fall in the shades that are not the
standards. For example, they will wear
trianon brown, which is something like a
tobacco brown, and old rose and old
green. Thistle purple will be seen also,
and there is a shade of red which Is al
most a mauve which will be popular.
The plain brown, the plain green, the
black, the natural blue and the pink have
been somewhat put aside for these new
shades.
It is extremely trying, this verging from
the standard colors to the new ones on
account of the difliculty of matching. It is
almost impossible to duplicate the old col
ors with the new ones or even to combine
them, and on that account the new fall
suits seem impossible to many women.
They will hold to the comfortable chem
ls< tte as long as possible, and waists are
being cut with very low necks in order
to accommodate it.
There is a story told of a Larchmont
for one must now talk of yachting
resorts on account of the new cup ehal
lenge — U.at she went to a fashionable
house with only one dress. Daytimes she
wore it with a chemisette and in the
evening she wore it without a chemisette
as a low-neck dress. This may be some
thing of a stretch of comfort, but it is a
fact that very remarkable things are done
by the addition or subtraction of a neck
yoke.
They say that dresses are to be very
clinging this winter, but as yet they do
not show it. The Paris models, to be
sure, are a little close to the figure, but
the American modistes have not yet fol
lowed suit to any great extent. The only
BSlon to the clinging skirt is In its
set around th<- hips, which is certainly
very titrht. Glove fitting skirts over the
hips are very popular and skirts are
gored to the exact size of the waist and
they fit so tight that it seems almost im
possible to get Into them. This Is man
aged by a very long seam cut in the
Bide Of the skirt which is fastened with
hook and eye. All the fall skirts are
trimmed except the traveling skirt, which
is sometimes made plain, but even the
traveling skirt has its band of braid.
Stfeet dresses ,-ire ruffled sometimes to
the waist and you see every variety of
trimming upon them, from embroidery to
braid.
Indian summer comes in a few days
and then the Jackets that were worn a
week ago will be laid aside for the warm
after summer, which is so fortunately
ours. For three or four weeks It is as
balmy as In midsummer and the fall
dresses mt:st be light weight, in order to
be comfortable. HELEN WARD.
* *
Special to the Sunday Call from Paris.
AT this sc.'!« 'n of the year It is hard
to find aoveltlea in dress at the
dressmakers', but sporting: cos
tumes have the greatest attrac
tions, aw therefore give illustra
tions of a few. Tne riding habit repro
duced, designed by Creed, can be as well
In either alpaca or pique, as can
also the costume reproduced from a
model by NlcbolL This style of habit has
already been worn for some time. But
tn< re is nothing more that is novel.
The costume by Creed, Rue de la Palx,
is of light black cloth. Over the skirt
is a hi) bit rounded behind, opening down
the middle in front and loose at the sides.
The corsage is maue to fit in the back by
seams, taken in su as to fit the body per
fectly, and adjusted in front by a bev
eled seam. It fastens down the left side
with black cloth buttons. The lapels are
faced with black velvet. Beneath the
habit is a cambric chemisette with linen
front, and the collar, which is very high
is aiso of linen. The scarf is of black
satin, tied in a sailor's knot. A boating
hat of sowi: straw, rather wide in the
brim, is worn with the habit. I'h'e crown
!s bound with wide black ribbon, fastened
in front with a hatter's knot.
The costume for driving in an automo
bile is reproduced from a model seen at
Petit's, E Boulevard -Ualeseherbes it is
of btigr waterproof woolen stuff. The
skirt is round at the bottom and tlgnt
>vr. the figure, i.ie front is quite flat
and plain, and made with a narrow
apron, widening and forming nicks down
to the bottom. The skirt is covered with
i flounces of different depths, the two lower
being equal and the uppermost murh
wider and set in at the waist. All three
are made without fullness and leave the
apron free. They are edged with five
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
DRESS OF THE NEW NORFOLK SUITING IN CUIRASSIER BLUE.
rows of stitching, giving the effect of a
wide, fiat braiding. The corsage is a
close- fitting jacket, with a rather long
basque. It fastens down the left side
with three brown horn buttons, and there
are three buttons to match down the
right side. The front of the jacket is or
namented with live rows of stitching like
that on the skirt, which Is repeated down
the seams in the back and round the edge
of the basque. The lapels are square,
stitched with two rows round the edge
and fixed to the garment with horn but
tons like those on the front.
A GRACEFUL
WALK
TO BE thoroughly graceful long
steps and quick, short steps should
be equally avoided, remarks a
French woman. A stiff walk is also
very ungraceful, and that is the great
fault of English girls. They walk too
stiffly, and take too long strides.
Lines of Beauty on the Face
THE nose, which is so necessary to
the tout ensemble of the face, is
more often a subject of ridicule
than the object, as it should be,
of great care and gentleness. And
yet, how many a woman's other
wise happy existence is made utterly mis
erable by a nose that will persist in get
ting red and swelling to twice its normal
size, Just when she wants to look her best
and make a good impression.
A beautiful nose is the greatest possible
ornament to a woman's face, and so rare
that it at once excites the admiration.
Lavater, the physiognomist, declared
that there were thousands of beautiful
eyes to one beautiful nose. Sir Joshua
Reynolds says that "the line that forms
the arch of the nose Is beautiful when it
is straight."
It is said that only about three in every
hundred noses are to be found directly in
the middle of the face. The bridge of the
nose, which should follow a straight line
drawn between the eyes, usually di
gresses if only in a slight degree from
this line.
In these days of scientific advancement
th« nose can be molded to almost any
shape desired. Where the bridge of the
none has been broken or destroyed by dis
ease a surgical operation may be per
formed, a new bridge inserted and the
now nose look quite as well as the old one
over did. Crooked noses can be straight
ened even after maturity, and in early
childhood, owing to the soft nature of the
Spanish women have a very pretty
walk, naturally, as also have Italian
country girls, and all accustomed to car
ry weights on their heads.
To exercise walking, a weight on the
head is a very good lesson. You must
not be content, however, to walk Straight
before you without letting the weight fall
from your head. You must turn back
ward and forward, and from side to side,
as Italian country girls do when they
carry their water jars from the well, and
can turn In all directions without a drop
of water being spilled from the jar on
their head. More marriages are made
up at the well In Italy than at any other
public place. Young rustic fellows stand
by the well to watch the girls fill their
jars and carry them away on their heads
with a grace given only to them; and the
most graceful among them has the most
admirers from whom to choose her hus
band.
The French are also very graceful walk
iTS.
Study your walk, girls. Tnke dancing
lessons to begin with, and then repeat
.our lessons belore your long toilet
'ass. A pretty walk is a beauty in it
self, and every one who will can acquire
BY MME. HYGEIA
cartilages that form the nostrils, the
shape of the lower part of the nose may
be greatly improved by gentle, continued
pressure. Stroking the nose downward
will often straighten out the saucy curve
of a "tip-tilted" nose.
The nose is an extremely sensitive feat
ure, and resents roughness by becoming
red and swollen and assuming curves that
detract from its symmetry. However, any
noae, be it ever so perfectly modeled, is a
sore trial to a woman, when, without any
apparent provocation, it becomes red and
blotchy or develops an unsightly crop of
blackheads. And when the nose shines
equal to an inextinguishable searchlight
woman feols that she would like to go,
like the ostrich, and bury her head in the
sand.
A red nose is usually an outward sign
of some stomach derangement, althougn
it may result from a variety of causes,
such as a weakened circulation, garments
which are too tight or from irritation
produced by too rough usage of the hand
kerchief. And very often it is caused by
a tendency to erysipelas.
Outward applications will be of lfttle
use until the presumable cause has been
removed. If it is indigestion, remedy this
by rigid abstemiousness from all greasy
foods. Look not upon the paßtrles when
they are tempting, and close your nostrils
to the appetizing odor of cakes and
goodies as they issue from the oven. Acid
ity of the stomach, which is a cause of
red noses, can sometimes be entirely
overcome by drinking several times a day
a glass of pure water, as hot as can be
taken.
When the trouble arises from poor vir
culation the following treatment is often
successful. It is what the French call in
aromatic bath— with massage after:
Rosemary tops, 1000 grammes.
Boiling water, 10 quarts.
this beauty. Do it. then, at onee — now—
without losing another day.
NEW LEATHER
BELT
THE latest fashionable belt Is of
leather, and Is woven in a many
stranded flat braid. The leather, of
the usual width for a belt, Is cut In
even strands about an eighth of an inch
wide, and these strands are woven In a
basket weave its full length; that is,
close to the buckle and eyelets.
This belt clings closer to the waist than
any other, and is pliable, which no other
leather belt can be. It is also less heat
ing and stretches lengthwise, making
the waist appear smaller instead of larg
er and more bulky, as most leather belts
do. These belts are furnished with the
popular harness buckle, and are made in
all colors, but preferably of tan or black
Bicarbonate of soda, 250 grammes.
Pour the boiling water on the leaves;
let stand half an hour; strain; add the
soda, and pour all into the warm water
prepared for the bath. While the inward
cause is being removed, outward applica
tions may be made. About the best of
thepe is witch hazel. Dabble this on the
inflamed nose several times a day.
A shiny nose is an infallible sign of an
overindulgence in those things which one
should not eat. Mineral waters are a most
excellent corrective for a skin which is
too liberally endowed with natural oils.
Eat plenty of green crisp salad, and in
vest your next month's pin money in a
box of big, ripe, rosy-cheeked apples.
A noted P:iris specialist says that a
woman who cats three or four' apples a
day cannot be ugly. The apple acts on
the liver, gives a beautiful complexion
and is fattening. Sometimes a shiny nose
may be entirely cured by bathing the
whole face daily in a quart of warm wa
ter in which a very small lump of com
mon washing soda has been dissolved.
Another excellent remedy which will
often prove a rapid transit line to happi
ness for the woman whose nose persists
in outshining every electric light In the
neighborhood Is the following:
Lavender Lotion.
Alcohol, four ounces.
Ammonia, one ounce.
Oil of lavender, one dram.
Mix, by shaking in a six-ounce bottles
Add one scant teaspoonful of this to
two quarts of warm water when the face
is washed. t'sed in such proportions it
is excellent, but if more of the lotion is
added it will, in time, make the skin too
dry and harsh. This is one of 'the things
that will have a very good effect If used
in snail quantity, but will have a decld-
Curious Little
& Muf of • "^.
September. . .
edly bad effect if used too lavishly.
Do not do as did the man whose phy
sician prescribed arsenic to be taken in
small doses. Thinking that if the medi
cine were beneficial taken in such small
doses it must be doubly so taken in
twice the quantity, he immediately dou
bled the dose. A couple of days later his
friends, with much pomp and ceremony,
■buried him.
So, remember, one scant tablespoonful
(not a drop more) to two quarts of water.
After washing the face with this, apply
a little rosewater and the powder well.
Answers to Corresponderjts.
INFORMATION— I can recommend no
way of bringing about the end you de
sire, save a general reducing of flesh. All
sorts of injuries can come about by try
ing the remedies that are said to make
the bust smaller.
TROUBLED ONE— Massage the collar
bones every night with cocoanut oil, and
oat goGd fattening foods. The high col
lar is responsible for most of the yellow,
wrinkled necks that all girls compla'n
so bitterly of. The distressing condition
of your skin must be caused by some
physical disorder, and the wise plan is
to find the seat of the trouble and do
away with htat. All the lotions and out
ward applications in the world will do
you no good as long as the cause re
mains. Avoid pastries, sweets and
pickles, and pin your faith to fruits, par
ticularly apples or oranges and Isabella
grapes. Then while you are getting the
blood in good condition, sponge the pim
ples with diluted listerine or tincture
of myrrh. When the pimples disappear,
THE CURIOUS LITTLE MUFF OF SEPTEMBER.
attack the blackheads by scrubbing the
face thoroughly each night with a cam
el's hair face scrubbing brush, warm wa
ter and white castile soap. Also, take
two hot baths a week, scrubbing the en
tire body with a flesh brush and soap. Do
not stay in the hot wator long enough
for It to debilitate you, and do not neg
lect the daily tepid sponge bath. If you
follow this treatment rigorously I am
quite certain the pimples will disappear
for all time. You were not quite delinite
enough about your hair. Let me kno^y
if it is oily or dry. What would be bene
ficial in the one case would be detrimen
tal in the other. Also, is it light or dark?
HATTIE J.— Here is the formula for or
ange flower skin food: Spermaceti, %
ounce; white wax, % ounce; sweet al
mond oil, 1 ounce; lanoline, 1 ounce; co
coanut oil, 1 ounce; simple tincture ben
zoin, 10 drops; orange flower water, 1
ounce. There is no reason why you
should not acquire the development you
desire even under the circumstances you
mention.
Massage with the cocoanut oil each
night, rubbing gently around and up. Dis
card all pads, see to it that the clothing is
loose, exercise with the arms and eat
plenty of fattening foods. Patience .and
time are necessary, for it will be at least
two months before you will notice any
change.
JUPITER— Try bathing the dark circles
under and over the eyes with witch hazel,
but take care not to get it in the eyes.
Among simple home-made tonics for the
hair there is nothing better than a gen
tle massage of the scalp with the lingers
dipped in warm, pure olive oii. Brush
well each night and wash once in two or
three weeks with this wash, which will
make the hair glossy and remove from
the scalp the unsightly little (lakes: Yolk
of one egg, one pint of distilled water and
one ounce rosemary spirit. Boat up and
use warm, rubbing well into the skin of
the head. Rinse carefully in several
waters or the hair will be left sticky and
horrid Instead of silky and smooth. Do
not use soda on the hair and the soap
you mention is very much over estimated.
Compound talcum powder is excellent for
the skin. If it adheres to your face, I can
suggest nothing better.
E. E. E. E.— l do not prescribe medicine
or tonics. My mission is tv enlighten
womenkind as to the hygiene of proper
living and in the art of making simple
remedies at home wherewith they may,
if possible, improve upon Nature's handi
work. If your physician's medicine does
not agree with you, tell him so and he will
probably change it. If you feel that he
dors not understand your case, I should
advise you to call in some one else. As
CLOTH RIDING HABIT: By Creed.
soon as the cause of debility is overcome
and the system built up, the hair will
probably cease falling. An excellent tonic
i for promoting the growth of the hair is
made after the following formula: •
Eau de cologne, 8 ounces; tincture of
I cantharides, 1 ounce; oil of lavender, \<z
dram; oil of rosemary. dram. Mix
thoroughly and apply to the roots of the
hair every day or two. Moth patches are
very hard to do away with, as they are
usually the sign of deep-seated disease of
the liver. The standing remedy for this is
taraxacum, the extract of dandelion root,
and the usual dose is a large pill four
nights in a week, sometimes for months.
Then you might buy some of the limes
that are now in market, cut one in two
pieces and rub the piece on the dark
spots. Let it dry in, and then apply coM
cream, letting it remain on the face over
i night. Ask your physician's advice as to
i the patent medicine you have been using.
FREDERICA— Am pleased that you
found the skin food so delightful. Many
of my correspondents have written me
the same nice things about it. I would
I advise you not to attempt to remove the
! large moles. The acid is all right for the
1 small moles, but let the large ones alone,
| as the scars resulting will be more un
sightly than the moles.
BURDENE- Follow directions given to
Jupiter. In rubbing the oil on the scalp
see that it does not get on to the hair it
self, else it will give it an oily look that
; is anything but lovely. Lemon juices and
glycerine are all right for the neck and
hands, but for the face I should prefer
mixing the lemon juice with equal parts
of rose water and rectified spirit. Mix
these together; next day decant the clear
portion and strain It through muslin.
Bathe the face night and morning with
the lotion, wiping the skin afterward with
a soft towel. If this irritates or roughens
the skin rub in a good cold cream after
using it at night.
LUCY A. T.— ln order to gain flesh
there must be absolute freedom from care
and anxiety. Sleep at least ten hours out
of the twenty-four. Eat liberally of food
containing starch and sugar, such as po
tatoes, fresh sweet butter, milk, cream,
fruits cooked and served with cream,
corn, sweet potatoes, beans, peas, fish and
oysters and desserts without pastry. Stay
out of doors as much as possible and take
moderate exercise. Sleep in a well-venti
lated room; but above everything else do
not worry and do not permit your nerves
to get the better of you. Rosy cheeks
come with health, good circulation, firm
muscles and a perfect digestion.
ALBERTINA— A very good rouge may
be made by taking four ounces of finely
bolted talc and two drams of carmine
and mixing them together with a little
warm and diluted solution of gum traga
canth. Form into a smooth tablet and al
low it to dry. For the dry lips use a good
camphor ice, such as may be made from
this formula: Gum camphor, % ounce;
Bpermacetl, V* ounce; white wax, jounce;
sweet almond oil, 4 ounces. Melt In a hot
water bath. Take out of bath and stir in,
while cooling, a few drops of attar of
rose. Tell your sister to use the pure cu
cumber juice for whitening the skin, al
though she can safely combine it with the
glycerine and salicylic acid If she prefers
it that way.
LEONA B.— Read foregoing replies to
Hattie J. and Lucy A. T. and you will find
your first two questions answered. To re
move the crows' feet massage each
night with the orange flower skin food,
formula for which will also be found in
reply to Hattie J. A clear conscience and
happy thoughts are the only non-injurious
eye brighteners I know «f. No, steaming""
the face will not cause wrinkles, unless
indulged in too frequently. Once a
month a good face steaming is excellent
for the skin. Horseback riding, judicious
ly indulged in, cannot be too highly rec
ommended, as it brings into play all the
muscles and quickens the circulation.
Good health and a perfect digestion are,
necessary tor the possession of a clear
complexion and rosy cheeks. Take a daily
tepid sponge bath plenty of outdoor ex
ercise and good wholesome food.
A. J. B. — Massage the face with the
orange flower skin food, formula for
which is given in reply to Hattie J. Rub
the cheeks up and away from the nose,
using the rotary movement. The skin
food will not promote the growth of hair
on the face.
2728
The September
number of Har-
HARPERS.
per's Magazine Is
unusually cosmo
politan in char
acter. The timely subject of the outcome
of the war with Spai: is treated in three
Important articles: "The Future Policy
of the United States," by James Bryce:
"The United States in Foreign Military
Expeditions." by Processor Albert Bush
nell Hart, and "The New Fiscal Policy
of the United States " by Worthington
C. Ford. England receives attention in
Mr. Bmalley'a Becond paper on Mr. -iad
etone; and in "Social Life in the British
Army," illustrated by R. Caton W
Ville. "The Romance of a Mad ivinp" is
a vivid sketch of the life of King Louis
II of Bavaria; Sidney Whitman. F. R. G.
S. writes of "The Turk at Home." and
a in the Arctic" arc notes from the
Journal of Frederick G. Jackson. Part I
of "An Angel in a Web," a novel by Ju
lian Ralph, four short stories, including
one by Frederic Remington, and the
Drawer conclude the number.
There is much of
timeliness and
author! tativenesa
In the Bepi
" — Century. Pro
r Dean C. Worcester of the Univer
sity of Michigan writes of "The Malay
Pirates of the Philippines," his article
being based upon observations made dur
ing an actual residence among the dread
ed Moros. There are many illustrations
to this paper, mainly from photographs
taken by the author. Theodore S. Wool
eey, professor of international law at
Yale University, contributes a study of
"Spain and Her American Colonies."
Emile Ollivier, member of the French
Academy and formerly Prime Minister
of France, is represented by an import
ant paper on "America, Spain and
I- ranee." M. Ollivier can see in Spain's
present misfortune "only the Judgment
of heaven," and he asks his countrymen
for an appreciation of America's "lofty
motives in the war. The problem of th*e
retention and administration of island
territory is discussed from opposite
points of view by Hon. Carl Schurz, in
"Thoughts on American Imperialism "
and by Hon. Whitelaw Reid in "The Ter
ritory With Which We Are Threatened "
A quaint picture of "Life and Society in
Old Cuba" is given in a series of ex
tracts from the journal of Jonathan S
Jenkins, an American painter of minia
tures, written in 1859. Edwin Emerson
Jr., a war correspondent, tells of his ad
ventures "Alone in Porto Rico." and Wal
ter Russell, an artist with the fleet re
counts "Incidents of the Cuban Block
ade." President Daniel C. Gilman of
Johns Hopkins University contributes a
paper on "Alexis de Tocqueville and His
Book on America— Sixty Years After."
Gustav Kobbe has an appreciative de
scription of "An Island of New Eng
land," with pictures by Joseph Jefferson
and Charles A. Walker. Dr. Daniel G
Urinton's paprr on "Popular Supersti
tions of Europe," and the final article by
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler on "The
Seven Wonders of the World," have char
acteristic illustrations by Andre Cas-
THE CENTURY.
Tlie war arti
cles in the Sep
tember Sciib
ers 1 Fight at <Juaslmas." There is no in
f"rm;itlon at second-hand in this article;
Mr. Davis was in the thick of the fight
and writes of what he saw. When he
SCRIBNER'S.
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
The next grand session of the Grand
Chapter of California will be held In this
city on the 18th of next October. Golden
Gate Chapter will have an at home In its
hall on Thursday, the lath inst. This
uffair is to be a complimentary one and
ailmk-sion will be by card only.
The worthy grand matron, Mrs. Por
ter, visited the chapter at Ukiah last
Monday. She will visit Healdsburg on the
12th anil Uetaluma on the 13th.
Mrs. Pierce, who was the chairman of
the booth committee at the Masonic fair
held some time nlnce, was last week pre
sented on behalf of the chairmen of the
eeveral booths a token of their apprecia
tion. It was in the shape of a beautiful
gold plate suitably Inscribed.
All the returns of the recent fair held
for the benefit of the Masonic Widows'
and Orphans' Home are not yet in, but
thus far it appears that nearly $36,000 was
secured clear of all expenses. It is ex
j.erted that about $2000 more will be se
cured.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Bay City Lodge No. 71 celebrated its
forty-flrst anniversary last Tuesday
night in Memorial Hall, I. O. O. F. build
ing. The first noble grand of the lodge
end only living charter member, N.
Meyer, presided. In addition to the large
number of members present there were in
the hall visitors from Magnolia, Golden
Gate and other lodges, besides a number
of Odd Fellow soldiers from the Presidio.
The Knickerbocker quartet rendered sev
eral choice selections. Mr. Emmerson of
Sargent Lodge presided at the organ with
line effect. One of the features In the
oratorical line wan the address by G. H.
Morrison, P. G. M. , lat<> of the Sagebrush
Btate, but now of this city and a member
of Farnsworth Lodge. It was a gem of
logic, pathos and humor and was loudly
encored. Past Grand Master William
Henry Barnes, known In fraternal circles
as the "Spellbinder" and the "Old Man
Kloquent." poured out pearls of wisdom
with as much grace und ease as he eats
pie. J. L. Regensburger, the vice-grand
of the lodge, favored with selections on
the zither, which were so pleasing that
he was encored, and then his father, who
has been three times noble grand and is
now the Junior past grand of the lodge,
talked for some time. After that the
lodge and its guests adjourned to an ad-
Joining hall, where they partook of a
sumptuous collation and of some of the
punch that the Sovereign Lodge says can
only be served on occasions of this kind.
Fidelity Lodge No. 222 celebrated Its sil
THE KORREGANS.
From Popular Superstitions of Europe, In
The Century for September.
crushes, once for all, the story of a sur
prise, he does It with positive knowledge
or the previous orders given and received
by General Wheeler and Colonel Wood.
The conversations he had with the men
In the light are vivid bits of dramatic dia
logue. The whole article is the fullest
as well as the must thrilling account of
the Guaslmas fight yet published, and will
stand as the historical picture of that fa
mous event. The illustrations give many
of the best known men In the Rough Rid
ers, and views of the country over which
they fought. There are also drawings
from ife by the artist H. C. Christy, who
was tnere.
Episodes of the Santiago Campaign are
given in brief and exciting narratives.
Edward Marshall.the heroic correspondent
who insisted on dictating his acount of
the fight while supposed to be dying on
the field, is now in a New York hospital
and has written his recollections of the
tiuasimas fight. What it means to be
shot and to be in a field hospital expect
ing death has never been presented so
feelingly before. What most affected Mr.
Marshall was the unselfishness and kind
ness of other wounded men around him.
Another correspondent, J. E. Chamber
lin. was in the thick of the fight, and de
scribes "How the Spaniards Fought at
Caney." It is a generous recognition of
what so many officers In the regular army
have commented upon— the brave fight
ing of the Spanish in the trenches.
It is enough to
say of the Sep
tember Overland
that It is a dis
tinctly American
THE OVERLAND.
numDer. And It is also a California num
ber, typical of the great and glorious
\\ est. All the articles are timely and
show cartful selection. The contents are
varied and interesting and can be read
with pleasure by all Californians. Volume
aXXI of The Overland was completed
last June, and the b< und books are now
ready for distribution. It makes an in
teresting book and Is a valuable record
of the part California took In the late
war. The Overland Publishing Company,
San Frar.cisco.
The complete
novel In the
September Issue
of Lilppincott's
is "The Tnnrh
LIPPINCOTTS.
of a Vanished Hand," by the late Miss M
G McClelland. Its action occurs mainly In
irginla. and partly In Eastern New York
during the French and Indian war of 1753
"The Cromwell Case," by James Ray
mond Perry, deals with the unraveling of
a supposed murder. Henry Holcomb Ben
nett, in "A Charge In the Dark," describes
an experience of the National Guard
which resembled actual war. The "Grand
pap" of Anna Vernon Dorsey's tale was a
colored boy, on whom cares and labors
too heavy for his years were laid
Felix L. Oswald writes of "War Hyster
ics" (the superstitions and bigotries that
attend hostilities), and Frances M. Butler
of "War Songs." handling the theme his
torically. "Monarchies and Republics"
are considered by Frederic M. Bird, vrtthi
special reference to our relations with,
England. '
"New York In the Seventies" is a pre-(
viously unpublished chapter from M. E.<
W. Sherwood's recollections. The "Three'
Beaux" whose memory is revived by'
Frank Norman are Brummel, Nash and(
Fielding. Gabrielle Marie Jacobs writes,
of "The Time of Reaping," with harvest"
festivals and the like in various lands and(
ages. .
The American.
Monthly Re%'iew'
of Reviews fort
September pre-j
REVIEW of REVIEWS.
- ; sents the usual*
timely features. The various events con-<
nected with the end of the war with*
Spain are fully discussed by the editor*
while the Porto Rican campaign, from'
start to finish, is described by John At
Church, formerly of the Army'and Navy!
Journal. The cost of the war and the*
financial provisions for meeting It are<
ably summed up by Charles A. Conant.*
an experienced financial writer. Henry
Macfarland, a Washington Journalist <
contributes a character sketch of Wil-f
liam R. Day, the Secretary of State
yer anniversary on Monday night in Odd
*ellows' building by a musical, literary
entertainment, dance and banquet. There
s a '? rge attendance of the member
ship and friends, and a glorious time
was had. The programme included
choice musical selections, vocal and in
strumental, and recitations.
The Veteran Association will pay a fra
ternal visit to Pacific Lodge qn the 22d
lnst.
Cosmopolitan Lodge has completed all
its arrangements for the visit to be paid
to it next Wednesday night by Oriental
Rebekah Lodge.
THE REBEKAHB.
The entertainment that is to be given
In Odd Fellows' Hal. by Loyal Rebekah
Lodge on the night of Rebekah day, the
20th inst., will be a farce entitled "Our
Country Aunt,' produced under the direc
tion of Mrs. May Josephi-Klncaid. In ad
dition there will be presented a number
of specialties by talented individuals.
Loyal Lodge at Its meeting last Monday
initiated four candidates. In the near
future the members of the lodgo will at
the close of one of its meetings have
a "feet auction."
MANCHESTER UNITY.
Mission Lodge of the Order of Odd Fel
lows, Manchester Unity, is reported as
doing remarkably well for a new lodge,
receiving many applications for admis
sion. Its degree Learn, which Is rapidly
becoming proficient In its work, on last
Tuesday conferred the white degree. The
lodge will shortly give a smoker, to which
all the friends of members will be ad
mitted.
This lodge has taken the initial step in
the matter of holding public meetings in
the interest of the order. These will be
under the auspices of the local lodges
Messrs. Griffiths. Manerhan and Born
have been appointed a committee from
the lodge to act with othe»- committees
in the arrangement of such meetings.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
A new lodge called Covelo was insti
tuted at the town of that name on the
night of the 20th of August Dy Deputy D.
E. Saunders.
Special Deputy R. F. Wells secured
sixty applications for membersnip In Topo
Topo Lodge at Santa Paula.
The meeting of the Past Masters' Asso
ciation last week was well attended. The
principal feature of tne evening was the
delivery of an Interesting lecture by
Past Supreme Master Workman Jordan, '
THE SA:N FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
SEPTEMBER MAGAZINES
which Is of special Interest at this time
because of Judge Day's appointment as
loading member of the American Peace
Commission. Charles Lowe, the Eng
lish biographer of Bismarck, and W. T.
Stead furnish a rich fund of anecdotes
regarding the late ex-Chancellor. Aside
from many other Illustrations, numerous
cartoons apropos of the war are repro
duced from home and foreign journals.
I Interest, va
riety and timeli
ness of subject
render ihe con-
tents of the Sep
tember North American Review particu
larly valuable to all classes of readers.
Attention is directed to a noteworthy
symposium in its opening pages wherein
"The Problem ot the Philippines" is dis
cussed by the Right Hon. Sir Charles W.
Dilke. Bart., M. P.; the Hon. John Bar
rett, late United States Minister to Slam;
and Hugh H. Lusk. "Literature for Chil
dren" is admirably treated by Richard
Burton, and John J. Clancy, M. P., writes
most interestingly on "The Latest Reform
in Ireland." Burnside Foster, M. D.,
deals with the subject of "Lpprosy and
the Hawaiian Annexation"; while a most
important article is furnished from the
pen of the Right Hon. Sir Richard Tem
ple. Bart., G. C. S. 1., entitled. "An Anplo-
American vs. a European Combination."
The national query, "What is to Be Done
With Cuba?" affords scope for an able
paper by Mayo \V. Hazel tine, and C. A.
Conant, in "The Economic Basis of 'Im
perialism,' " dwells eloquently but prac
tically on to-day's new outlets for Amer
ican capital and opportunities of Ameri
can enterprise.
NORTH AMERICAN
REVIEW.
he himself had the good fortune to' see
the work done from Commodore Schley's
flagship, the Brooklyn; and W. A. 61
Goode describes It as he too saw it from
Admiral Sampson's flagship, the New
York. Together the two papers give a
complete and most vivid account of what
was undoubtedly the most picturesque
event of all the war, and, being illus
trated with portraits of all the command
ers, pictures of all the ships and views of
all the wrecks, largely from photographs
taken by the authors, they leave nothing
to be desired.
Some very Interesting reminiscences and
letters of Mary Todd Lincoln, the wife of
President Lincoln, are given In an article
hy her sister, Emily Todd Helm. The In
dian chief Two Moon's story of General
Ouster's last fight, as taken down by
Hamlln Garland, has. besTdes its value us
being the Indian's version of a famous
battle between him and the white man,
McCLURt'S.
THE BATTLE OF HOBKIRK`S HILL.
From The Story of the Revolution, In ScrIbner's Magazine for September.
1 Groat preparations have been made for
ithe flag demonstration that is to be given
In Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of the
15th lnst. under the auspices of the local
lodges.
1 THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
1 Recently the members of Amapola Par
llor of Sutter Creek were treated to a sur
l prise, they having been invited to Native
jSons' Hall, where in the banquet room
Mmes. Painter, Fagan, Bernadis and
'Miss Pharris and Tarr, the entertainment
(Committee of the parlor, presented a
pleasing programme of entertainment,
•which was followed by what was Rtill
( more pleasing, in view of the fact that it
was a very warm night, a watermelon
'feast. To many the luscious melon was
(the first of the season, and it goes without
saying that thpse were particularly happy.
'The general membership expressed the
(hope that it might be surprised again.
• B'NE B'RITH.
• The general committee of the District
(Grand Lodge No. 4 has received an appeal
,from the officers of Solidaritus Lodge, lo
cated in Krakau. calling attention to the
wretched condition of the Jewish com
munities In Western Galicia and the In
humanities to which they are subjected.
They ask for assstanee. The general com
mittee haß headed a list with a donation
of $50, and has sent out circulars to the
lodges and to all the congregations in the
Jurisdiction asking for contributions to be
sent to Grßnd Secretary I. J. Ascheim,
who will forward the same to destination.
Quite a number of favorable answers have
already been received.
The Past Presidents' Association will be
resumed during the current month, due
notice of which will be given.
UNITY LODGE. B. 8., ENTERTAINS.
Unity Lodge of the Independent Order
of B'ne B'rlth on last Monday was visit
ed by Grand President Gutstadt and the
members of the general committee. In
the lodgeroom the visitors were greeted
by a full membership and a very agree
able hour was spent. A reception was
tendered the. grand officers at the close
of the meeting, and the grand president
made an address that was received with
much applause. After that the commit
tee of arrangements, consisting of Mau
rice L. Asher, Eugene W. Levy and Si
mon Mvrson, on behalf of the lodge, in
vited the visitors and several specially
invited guests to the banquet room,
where there was served up an excellent
supper. Rev. J. Nleto was tne toaetmas
ter, and as such acquitted himself in a
masterly manner. On each piate was a
printed copy of the "Star-spangled Ban
ner," and at the request of the toastmas
ter at the outset the entire assemulage
sang the national hymn. The hall was
very tastefully decorated in light tints,
producing very pleasant effects. Maurice
L. Asher. chairman of the committee. In
a very pertinent and happy manner wel
comed the guests and members, and his
effort in that line was a pleasant surprise.
After the choice dishes had been dis
posed of those who were on the list to
respond to the regular toasts were called
upon. The first was "Our Country," re
sponded to by Rev. J. Voorsanger in an
eloquent and patriotic manner, and in the
course of his remarks he paid a glowing
tribute to the American Jew for his love
of country. The other toasts were:
"Our Order," Marcus Rosenthal: "The
Ties That Bind Us as a Race," Wallace
A. Wise; "Current Events." Edgar F
Pelxotto; "Our State." Julius Kahn :
"Our Country Lodges." David Lubin
"The Order as a Missionary Force," Lu
cius L. Solomons, and "Unity as a
Host," Eugene W. Levy. During the sup
per there was orchestral music, and Gus
tave Brenner favored with a barytone
solo. There were nearly one hundred and
seventy present.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Golden Gate Council will, on Tuesday
evening next, receive a visit from the San
Francisco. Cabinet, and In a circular is
sued by President Arter to the merober
that of a charming quaintness and in
genuousness.
An important
and interesting
paper in the Sep
tember Pall Mall
THE PALL MALL
■ — Magazine is con
tributed by Carlyle Smythe, the friend
and companion in his Australian travels
of Samuel Clemens, who writes most en
tertainingly of the great American author
as he appears to his friends.
Other timely and interesting features in
the issue include a picturesque and excit
ing description of a battle under modern
conditions: a powerful and tragic short
story entitled "The Half Caste," by a
Dutch authoress; an Interesting account
of university life, from a new point of
view, from "a present Cambridge under
graduate; another Installment of Mr.
Crocker's exciting tale of Italian adven
ture. Illustrated by Grenville Manton;
parts I and II of a" thrilling story by "X.
L." entitled. "With AH the Powders of
the Merchant"' "Mixed," nn amusing
short story by W. L. Alden, and the third
of J. Holt Schooling's ingenious articles
on the incidents of "Crime."— Pall Mall
Magazine: New York.
Greatest Play of
the Year" is il
lustrated with a portrait of M. Edmond
Rostand, author of "Cyrano de Ber-
Karic." one of M. Coquelin as Cyrano (for
he was a real person), and a reproduction
of the title page of his works. Under the
caption, "A Modest Hero," a character
sketch of Lieutenant Hobson, with a re
production of a recent photograph. In
the same magazine Miss Cornelia Atwood
Pratt prints an appreciative study of the
writings of George Meredith. There are
special articles also on Tolstoi, apropos
of his "Jubilee," and Dr. Maurice Jokal.
Several striking
RUish theSept.m
ber i^adies' Homo
THE CRITIC.
LADIES'
HOME JOURNAL.
Journal, the most
prominent being one by Professor J. H.
Gore about the coronation of Queen Wil
helmina of Holland, which gives a clear
and new idea of her life and characteris
tics. "Blind Tom as He Is To-day," the
famous pianist, supposed by many to be
dead, is photographed and sketched in his
New Jersey home. An insight into the
lives of the "Covites" of the Cumberland
Mountains Is given by Sarah Barn well El
liott in an excellent and well illustrated
article, and there Is a delightful simple
scientific contribution on "Telling the
Weather From the Clouds." A charming
account of Louis Philippe's unsuccessful
wooing of a Philadelphia maiden Is given
by William Perrlne, and there is in the
ship, he, with that modesty which has
characterized him as a presiding officer,
says: "As Golden Gate Council is In the
lead at all tlmos, every member should
be present on this occasion and show
our visiting friends how we can enter
tain." There will be an evening of song,
recitation, speech-making, and Senator
James E. Field will tell about what was
done at the recent session of the senate.
There will also be the Initiation in the
three degrees. A good fraternal meeting
will surely be had.
California Council at its meeting last
Tuesday night initiated one candidate and
decided for a short time to reduce the
cost of admission to $2 50. It was also
decldrd that tho member who brings in
the greatest number of new members be
twpen now and the first of next year shall
have his duos remitted for one year, the
second a remission of dues for six months
and the third a remission for three
months.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
On August 29 large delegations from
Liberty and Union Lodges paid a fra
ternal visit to Yerba Buena Lodge to wit
ness the conferring of degrees upon two
candidates. The work was well performed
and the visitors were lavish in their
praise. Yerba Buena will celebrate Its
nineteenth anniversary on the 19th inst.
by a smoker and increase meeting.
Lisardo Balart, D. G. D., who was acci
dentally killed while out hunting last
Sunday in Napa County, Joined the order
in New Orleans, and while there was com
mander of the Uniform rank. He was also
financial secretary of Court Yerba Buena,
Independent Order of Foresters.
Anchor Lodge will entertain Its friends
at a smoker during the current month.
Center Lodge celebrated the doubling of
its membership since last January by a
banquet last Wednesday in its hall, which
was crowded by members and friends.
Grand Dictator Archibald and other
grand officers were present.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The reports presented at the recent ses
sion of the Supreme Lodge show that
since 1593. while the receipts have been
steadily decreasing, the expenses have
likewise decreased and not increased, as
was recently asserted.
It Is also stated by the officers of the
endowment rank that the mortgage taken
on the Lexington Hotel property, which
is valued at $800,000, is the first, and not
the fifth mortgage. Individuals gave bonds
for repayment of this money, and already
Judgment has been obtained against them
for $112,000.
The proof was made during the ses
sion that of the money loaned to the Fort
Worth Bank, 35 per cent of the amount
has already been returned in dividends, so
that the whole is not a total loss, as was
asserted. And it is stated that there are
other dividends in sight.
MEADE RELIEF CORPS.
The unique entertainment that was
given last Wednesday night in the social
hall of the Foresters' building was at
tended by a large number of the friends
of the corps, also by many officers of the
vo'.unteers stationed at the Presidio, as
well as by non-coms and privates. Under
the supervision of Mesdames Johnson,
Wood, Page, Coles and Jones, the com
mittee on entertainment, there was of
fered for the enjoyment of those present
a very pleasing programme, which in
cluded a dance by Miss Bohen; vocal
solo. Sergeant Morris; original poem,
"Remember the Maine," Mrs. Marlon
G. Perry; vocal solo, Raymond Walsh, the
young boy who some time a«o astonished
the audiences at the Orpheum by occu
pying a seat in the gallery and joining
In the chorus of popular songs. Since
then, under competent teaching, he has
Improved hi 3 voice very much, as was
manifested by the selection he rendered
on Wednesday night. There was a rec
itation by Sergeant Berry, mandolin rolo
by Miss Douglass, whistling solo by
Corporal Carroll Smith, First Ten
way of fiction the conclusion of the col
lege story "Was It Her Duty?" by Abbe
Carter Goodloe, besides two other good
tales; "The Tender Link," by W. N. Har
ben, and "The Little Convent Girl," a
capital story of New Orleans life.
-; "What to Eat
for September
I has for a cover a
little darkey
- holding a slice of
watermelon twice as large as himself,
while the frontispiece shows Uncle Sam
devouring a slice of the same fruit, la-
b Th d c Unit c cd P States n Department of Agri
culture has an article telling how a man
can live on 16 cents a day. The menu
looks inviting, and the prices are all
given.
The theory of a French scientist regard
ing sleep arid how to obtain it is interest
ing and worth testing.
"The Widow Eaton's Dinner Party,
by Oakey Hall; "A Funny Conversation
oh Pie,"* capital articles on "The Onion
and the Complexion," "Mushrooms as
The September
Atlantic is re
markably rich In
that most enter-
talning of all de
partments of literature — biography and
anecdote offering material of unsur
j, :!s^f>fl freshness and value. Especially
prompt and timely is William R. Thayer's
brilliant sketch of Bismarck's character
covered Carlyle family correspondence
annotated by Charles F. Copeland, Prince
Krapotkin's unique autobiography with
Robert E. Ely's prefatory sketch, Pro
fessor Newcomb's social and astronomical
reminiscences, together with the sketches
and reviews, part personal, part critical,
of Sir Henry Maine, Burne-.lones and
ince of Frank
Leslie's Popular
lemoer is nuuic uui ~., an exceptionally
attractive table of contents. The leading
article. "A Warship's Battery," by Henry
Harrison Lewis, tells how the great guns
ar»- placed and worked, and is illustrated
with some splendid pictures of our vic
torious ships in action at Manila and San
tiago The famous "Johnson Island Con
suiracy," an episode of the Civil War, re
callt'd by the recent death of Leonard B.
Johnson of Sandusky. Ohio, is interesting
ly recounted by Frederick Boyd Steven
son Another article of historical as well
as picturesque value is John P. Ritter's
"Story of Wyoming the Beautiful." Tha
WHAT TO EAT.
THE ATLANTIC.
FRANK LESLIE'S
POPULAR MONTHLY
neseee "Volunteers, and others. Af'er
that there was dancing until midnignt.
LINCOLN RELIEF CORPS.
Lincoln Corps No. 3, auxiliary to the
G. A. R., at its meeting held last week,
was honored by the presence of Lottie J.
' Williams, department inspector; Gerald
j me E. Frisbie and Cora A. Merritt, as
sistant Inspectors; Mrs. Elizabeth D. A.
KlniK\ national organizer; Mrs. Mary
Souders, department junior vice-president.,
and representatives of the onler from
Petaluma, Stockton, Redwood City, Val
lejo, Berkeley, Oakland and this city,
present by Invitation. During the meet
ing the corps initiated as a member Miss
Weeks, the nurse of the Fifty-first lowa
Regiment. At the noon hour the mem
bers of the corps served a toothsome
lunch. In the evening there was a short
musical programme and the members of
Lincoln Post. G. A. R., were special
guests at the enjoyable entertainment.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
From the nominations that have al
ready been made It appears that quite a
number of the members of the order are
in the field. There are R. D. Bevan of
Yolo, who belongs to Court Pride of
Marysville; W. M. John of San Luis Obis
po, of Court Star of San Luis Obispo; H.
P. Andrews of Tehama, of Court Red
Bluff; S. Hilgerlohi of Healdsburg, of
Court Sotoyome, and Emmett Hayden of
Marin County, of Court San Rafael.
At the meeting of Court Sutro Heights
last Thursday night there was one in
itiation, and six applications were pre
sented. On account of the Inability of L.
N. Boukofsky to attend meetings regu
larly, his resignation as trustee was ac
cepted, and W. Murray was elected to till
the vacancy. Considerable activity has
been manifested In this court of late by
reason of the fact that there is a race
among members for a gold medal, to be
awarded to the one bringing in the great
est number of candidates during a stated
time. Past Chief Ranger T. Woiters, who
during the previous term brought in the
greatest number of members, received at
the meeting a handsome badge, presented
by San L. Waller, past deputy chief
ranger. At the close of the meeting the
membership organized as the Sutro
mights Social Club and had high jinks
under the direction of George J. Strong.
A varied programme of a very interesting
character was presented, and there was
served up a flne collation, with light re
freshments.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Last Wednesday night Live Oak Circle
was visited by Grand Chief Companion
Coburn, who delivered a pleasing and In
teresting address.
Inter Nos Circle is arranging for its
anniversary ball to be given in Union
Square Hall on the night of the 13th of
September.
Robin Hood Circle had a pleasant meet
ing last Wednesday night and initiated
one candidate. At the meeting on the
21st inst. the unmarried ladies will pre
sent for the entertainment of the circle
a farce and dancing will follow.
The ladies of the several local circles
are still doing good work at the Presidio
caring for the soldiers there who are sick.
Golden Era Circle will give another
trolley party in October.
Ferrucio Circle gave a bow and arrow
party last night in Washington Square
Hall. There was a good attendance and
a very enjoyable time was had.
THE DRUIDS.
There were sixty Druids presents at the
meeting of Hesperian Grove last week
to welcome Supreme Representative H.
J. Goller on his return from the Supreme
Grove session. He was warmly welcomed
and after the routine business had been
disposed of he gave an account of the
legislation had in the supreme body.
Much, he said, had been done, that
would prove a benefit to Druidism in
California. He spoke of the law passed
which authorizes the establishment of
A BEAR HUNT IN THE POLAR NIGHT.
From Days in the Arctic, in Harper's Magazine for September.
artistic rambles in Holland of Bisbing,
the celebrated American cattle painter,
are chronicled, with some original
sketches, by his friend J. M. Erwin.
Frank Leslie Publishing Company: New
York.
The great top
ics of current
interest are re
flected in the
contents of the
ST. NICHOLAS.
September St. Nicholas. The number
opens with an article by Tudor Jenks on
"The Voyage of the Oregon," with illus
trations by an artist with the fleet. An
Illustrated article on "The Gun Foundry
at Washington. D. C," tells how the big
guns of the American navy, which have
Just given such a good account of them
selves, are made. In "A Brush with Ma
lay Pirates." George I. Putnam describes
a fierce attack by a fleet of proas upon an
American bark. "The Duke's Armorer"
Is a romantic story of the olden times,
written by Gerald Brennan and illustrated
by Reginald Birch. Miss E. F. Andrews
contributes a study of "Some Vagabond
Words."
Pen and pencil
have combined to
make Outing for
September a mas
terpiece of pic
tures by land and sea, and a very treas
ure house of useful knowledge to those
who love to live in or linger over the nev
er-fading, never-jading charms of Mother
Nature. Its hunting and fishing stories
range from "Elk In the Rockies" to
"Squirrels in Virginia," and "Ducking on
the St. C'lalr Flats," and from "Bass
Flshng in Lake Emile" to "How to Catch
Swordfish." Its yachting embraces the
new "Knockabout Cruising"; "Racing
With a 51-Footer," and "The Yarn of the
Yampa in the Baltic." Its travel com
firise? one of nature's links in the lovely
sle of Wight and the Cotswolds in mer
rie middle England. Outing: New York.
This magazine
for September
opens with a
comparative
study of the
movement commenced by H. P. Blay
atsky. entitled, "Then and Now," by ur.
H. Coryn, newly from London. England.
The style is elegant, diction clear, and the
ideas instructive.— Theosophical Publish
ing Company, New York.
The September
number of The
Open Court con
tains the second
of a series of ar
ticies on "jMoaern trench Philosophy,"
by Professor L. Levy-Bruhl, of the Uni
versity of Paris. This series of articles
has been specially written for English
readers, and has not yet appeared m
French. Professor Levy-Bruhf is a ris
ing author of great fa lent and learning,
and his portrayal of the development of
OUTING.
UNIVERSAL
BROTHERHOOD.
THE
OPEN COURT.
grand bodies of chapters and circles of
the order in places where there are three
or more chapters or circles. He also
stated that under a new law no delega
tion to a supreme body can draw more
per diem or mileage than the amount
■aid in by the Grand Grove as per capita
• ax.
At the close of the address of Mr. Gol
ler, Noble Arch J. T. Kidd, on behalf of
the grove, presented E. Maginiss, P. N.
G. A., a finely engrossed set of resolu
tions expressive of the appreciation of
his labors in behalf of Druidism during
the past thirty years. On the 27th Mr.
Maginiss will deliver a lecture on early
day travels between San Francisco and
Oregon.
During the past two weeks the noble
grand arch and grand secretary visited
the groves in San Jose, Santa Cruz, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Cayucos.
The grand officers were surprised and
well pleased to find at each place that
there were candidates to initiate. The
groves are all in a prosperous condition
despite the cry of hard times.
Perseverance Grove worked in the initia
tory degree at its last held meeting. This
grove is arranging to give a ball in the
near future.
THE DRUIDESSES.
At the meeting of El Dorado Circle held
last week two candidates were initiated
and several propositions were received.
The work of initiation was conducted in
a very impressive manner by Mrs. L
Gosch, P. A. D. Under the head of e-ood
of the order. H. J. Goller. P. N. G. A.
and representative to the Supreme Grove,
presented the circle with its charter, af
ter which he announced that a law had
been passed allowing circles to create
grand bodies in the several States in
which they are located, to be under the
(urisdiction of the Supreme Grove. After
the meeting Mrs. Gosch invited all present
to her residence, which was tastefully
decorated, and where she and her hus
band, William J. Gosch, acted as hosts at
an excellent collation given by them in
honor of the celebration of the twenty-
Ifth anniversary of their wedding.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Tuesday night, August 30, Pioneer Lodge
of the Friends of the Forest gave a red,
white and blue social at Washington Hall
that was well attended and that proved a
yery enjoyable affair. The hall was
tastefully decorated with the national
colors, and the programme of dances that
was offered was made up of the most
popular numbers of the season The
committee that had charge of the af
fair was Mrs. Lena Scholten Mrs
General— Why didn't you charge the enemy's left flank?
fnr ?f ° cr ~o rh ?K Wa y ™"~"™^<l o «t8 aren't here yet, sir. and we're waiting
tor them.— Scribner a.
modern French philosophy is exception
ally accurate and attractive. The articla
for September is upon Nicolas Male
branche, a fine half-tone portrait of whom
forms the frontispiece to the- number.
Articles on Pascal. Montesqu eu, Rous
seau, etc., are to follow. Open Court
Publishing Company, Chicago.
The opening ar
ticle in the Sep
tember issue of
The Nat tonal
Magazine is a
NATIONAL
MAGAZINE.
strong, vidid and picturesque description
of the scenes at Santiago by Peter Mac-
Queen. The writer was the staff corre
spondent of this enterprising magazine at
the front. Mr. Mac Queen has, without
doubt, given the most entertaining and
interesting, as well as finished, descrip
tions of tne stirring incidents of the war,
and they have all the fire and enthusiasm
of an eye witness.
of contents, a great part of which is dedi
cated to the description of different
phases of life in the navy. "The Making
of a Man-o'-Warsman" is a very clearly
written and adequately illustrated accounc
of the manner in which men are enlists. l
in the navy, how they are trained and in
structed in their duties and what these
duties are.
AINSLEE'S.
The Land of Sunshine for September
comes to hand just as bright and cheer
ful as usual. The articles are all read
able and instructive and the pictures ex
cellent. As a departure from its usual
photographic illustration the frontispiece
is from a painting by William Keith, the
famous artist.
Gunton's Magazine for September con
tains a number of valuable articles show
ing the results of the war. It also deals
with most of the important and sociologi
cal questions of the day. The Gunton
Company, New York.
Dinners and Diners is the title of a new
magazine of gastronomies. The first num
ber shows a high order of excellence both
in the articles and illustrations. There
are many hints in it for all who consider
themselves good livers. Dinners and
Diners Publishing Company, 82 Nassau
street, New Yoflk.
The September Book News prints a list of
four hundred and seven works relating: to edu
cation. Including text books published in the
Lnlted States from August 1, 1897, to August
Jj ISS , B - , This is the only list issued of educa
tional bonk* published within the past year.
'Hands All Around," a short story contributed
to Book Npws by Miss Sarah Barnwell Elliott
gives a vivid description of the growth of new
national sentiment in a Southern villape dur
ing the war. John Wanamaker: Philadelphia
and New York.
America Lodge is making preparations
for a grand ball.
Supreme President Mrs. M. E. McLane
and the other supreme officers visited,
Pioneer Lodge on the 6th inst. They will
l'. ls l l Lincoln on the 12th. Mizpah on the
21st Richmond on the 28th and America
on October 6.
Lincoln Lodge is making arrangements
to give a snow party. The lady members
will be all attired in white and the gen
tlemen will wear white duck suits. This
will be on the 26th inst.
Last Tuesday Pioneer Lodge presented
Mrb. M. Boehm, junior past president
a. handsome regalia befitting her rank
in the order. After the meeting thvire
whs a collation and dancing.
MizDah Lodge at its last held meeting
inducted ten strangers into the mysteries
of the order.
ORDER OF CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Crystal Council will give an entertain
ment on the night of the Bth inst.
Social Council has taken quarters in the
Native Sons' building and will hereafter
meet on the first and third Thursdays.
Golden Gate Council is arranging for a
visit from the Progressive Council in tho
month of October.
The musical and literary- entertainment
that was given last Thursday night by
Crystal Council in the social hall of the
Alcazar, for the benefit of one its mem
bers, was a, great success, as there was
a large attendance, and the programme
that was offered was one of the most ac
ceptable that was ever given under the
auspices of the council, and it has given
many good entertainments in the past.
The grand officers of this jurisdiction
received an invitation from the Rev T
G. and Mrs. S. E. Beharell. prominent
members of the order in New Albany
Ind., to attend their golden wedding,
which took place on the 26th of last
month.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters
of St. George will give a literary enter
tainment and dance, also English games
and other amusements, in Union-square
Hall on the night of the 27th inst., in
aid of a widow, an old and very much
respected member of the lodge. The en
tire proceeds will be donated to the lady
The affair is being arranged by Mesdames
J. B. Staples. R. Meadows. Phoebe Wil
liams, Langlands, Helen Williams and J.-
Nelson.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Court Precita of the Independent Order
of Foresters announces a complimentary
entertainment and dance to be given in
Mission Masonic Temple on Mission
street, near Twenty-third, on Saturday
next.AT THE THEATRES
SOME time ago in these columns
attention was called to the pass
ing of the great actors of the
world and to the painfully evident
fact that > worthy successors to
their arts and genius are not coming
to the foro or for that matter are there
any displaying talents that give prom
ise of carrying them on to the proud
heights upon which their predecessors
set the .standards of the world dra
matic.
Now comes the Dramatic News of
York and, taking up the subject
still further, asserts that the
situation i? oven worse than the con
clusions stated in the article referred
to.
"One of the crying needs of the stage
to-day," says that Journal, "is talented
young men who possess sufficient ex
perienoe to acquit themselves credit
ably in what are technically termed
leading parts."
On the nther hand it is found that the
supply of leading women is much more
generous and their promise of future
development of a high order of ability
far more encouraging. It is a surpris
ing fact that managers often find a
dearth of capable leading men and
many times perforce go to \he fast
disappearing ranks of the old school
for their lovers, and heroes. It may be
that our girls are smarter than their
brothers, that they are possessed of
greater ambition and not afraid to bat
tle with th.se endless obstacles to suc
cess known as hard work; but this does
not satisfactorily account for existing
conditions.
Among the hundreds of recruits that
annually j'>in the <irand Army if Thes
pians there should be enough good ma
terial to meet the demand. However,
the stubborn fact remains and it must
be confessed that it doesn't require
many pegs on a cribbage board to
enumerate the really first-class all
'round men in that branch of
the profession. Too many of
those who pose as leading
men are constructed on the stick
order and walk through a part with
regrettable similarity to an automaton,
while they carefully avoid the rules of
elocution and ignore the dramatic
■ f words and sentences.
AMUSEMENTS.
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
Any Seat, 25c; Children, 10c.
week COMMENCING September 12.
A Complete and Perfect Ensemble.
Mil. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW.
SIGNOR DEL PUENTE.
CORINNE.
THE THREE ROSSIS.
THE HARPERS.
JOHN BYRNE.
POWERS & HYDE. -*;
The Famous Eccentric Comedian*
BEST & WHITMAN. ' .
EDITH HALL as "GEISHA."
POWERS & HYDE ar.l Twenty Others In a
Grand Cake Walk.
Popular Reserved Seats, 2.^ and' 50c;
Box Seats, £oc. ......
KOROSCO'S &MIiU house
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee a.ud Man«KC& - '
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES BATUBfrAV AND SUNDAY
NEXT WEEIC
Elaborate Revival of the Sterling Melodrama,
lIELAIKLIW
The Great Iv.rvlon AdelpWa Thfatfr Success.
. " SPECIALLY ENGAGED
k. The Charming Actress, •
MISS GRACE FOSTER,
Also ISIS MAYNARD and LITTLE ROSE
BENN BTT. - . ' •
VMDII Eddy, cor. Mason— GREAT NEW
\JL 1 ifll 1A BJLL OF STAR ARTISTS. CON-
LIN & KIDKR. Comedy Acrobats: MARTIN'S
WONDERFIiL DOGS; MADELINE; TRIXE-
DO; ROC .v.Hi-L., and others. Admission free.
llatlnce Sunday.'
Several explanations of this puzzle
are offered, none of which are satisfac
tory. The most acceptable starts with
the proposition that the combination
system is responsible for the trouble.
"First, on the ground that It drove out
the old standard stock companies and
kept them off the boards for many
years.
Second, that these stock companies
were trying schools, where incessant,
hard ami widely varied work developed
the best qualities of the true actor and
weeded out the incompetents and slug
gards.
Third, the combination system has
done little more than bring forth some
intelligent machines who, as ail 'round
artists, no more compare with the
products of those old-time stock com
panies than Richard Mansfield does
with a great star. In fact, it cannot
be truly said that the combination
plan is entitled to the credit of pro
ducing a single finished actor, judged
by the standard of those other days,
and that standard still remains for
comparison.
Some managers express the hope that
the revival of the stock company sys
tem will be lasting and that in the
course of a few years through the
threshing-out process the chaff will be
separated from the wheat, and the
average talking: gentleman of to-day
who is not graceful enough to be a
capable walking gentleman will be
relegated to his proper sphere — the rib
bon counter or the tail end of a street
car. May these times soon be with us.
By means of a little a^istance from
the lawmakers and the force of public
opinion, the high theater-hat nuisance
has become a thing of the past In this
; city, and people not in the front rows
j can now obtain an unobstructed view
; of the stage — a luxury unknown a few
| years ago.
While reform is the order of the day
some means should be found to abolish
a practice that in a degree is as great
an imposition as was the big hat. The
! late comers are the annoyance referred
| to. Th^y usually delay their arrival
: until the play is well under way, and
succeed in disturbing the whole house
'< and putting a majority of the specta
! tors in a bad temper. Some do this to
1 display their good clothes, others be
cause it is "different" from the practice
; of the common herd, and others still be
cause they were born to be late every
i where.
A manager in Denver has taken the
dilemma by the horns, so to speak, and
settled the aggravating quest o:. He
proceeded on the fact that the major
ity of his patrons were rot late com
ers and should not be imposed upon by
the minority who were. His plan,
which has been found entirely success
ful, is embodied in the fallowing rule.
which is printed in the programmes and
strictly enforced:
<v Patrons arriving after the rise of <?>
<?> the curtain will not be seated until Q>
'•/ after the close of the act in prog- i<?>
•§> ress at the time of fheir arrival. •
<?> Accommodations will be provided <3>
<S> for seating late comers in the NOT •••
<?> of the theater until that time. This <«>
+ action is ta^en in justice to those <$>
<»> who have cultivated the commend- <£
■$■ able habit of being punctual. <S>
If San Francisco managers want to
increase their present wide popularity
and take the chance of having
BALDWIN
■ *^ ■ THEATER. !
Be^innin^ TO-MORROW
Every Evening, Except Sunday.
' MATINEE SATURDAY.
. . Limited Engagement . .
Supported ' by a Thoroughly ; Competent
• v Company of Legitimate Players.
" REPERTOIRE— First Week :
Monday and Thursday Evenings,
"MARY STUART."
Tuesday, . . • • • •; • :
" MAGDA."
Wednesday and Saturday Evenings,.
"MACBETH."|
Friday, ' .'.■ •" '•' •" - • • - :
VV r "CAMILLE."
1 Saturday Matinee. , : ; ....
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
." SECOND WEEK— Monday, September 19 |
"•' ? Gorgeous i Production of -'
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA." ■
Coming—' "AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
fortunes left them and^monuments
raised to their memory, they should
give this simple and effective scheme
a trial. All together now, gentlemen,
and the glory will be yours.
MORTIMER WOOD.
WH/\T J]\t JHE/\TEJ*S OFFER.
Attractions at the local theaters for the
coming week will be: Alcazar, "The First
Born"; Alhambra, vaudeville; Baldwin,
Modjeska in repertoire; Comedy Theater,
"A Woman's Wit"; Columbia, "A Milk
White Flag:": Chutes, vaudeville and Zoo;
Morosco's, "The land of the Living"; Or-
Shoum. vaudeville; Tlvoll. grand opera;
lympia, vaudeville and concert.
The Baldwin.
Now comes Modjeska at the Baldwin,
presenting a number of the great char
acters that have made her famous
throughout the world and stamped her
as one of the few elevators and digni
flers of the art dramatic. Her aims have
ever been lofty, she has always striven
for thr> true and perfect in her work and
her sniendid success proves how closely
she has followed her ideals. However,
for a woman of her refinement, intelli
gence and strength of character it would
be difficult for hc-r to be otherwise. Her
versatility is as wide as the legitimate
drama und she appears to be equally per
fect in one line as another.
The repertoire for this week will be:
On Monday and Thursday nights, "Mary
Stuart"; Tuesday. "Mac-da"; Wednesday
an<l Saturday nights. "Macbeth"; Friday,
"Camille." and Saturday matinee, "As
You Like It."
The second week is to be devoted to an
elaborate and splendid production of "An
tony and Cleopatra."
J^leW Gomedvj jKeater.
The reception of "The Leading Man"
it is stated has more than met the expec
tations of the authoress, and the pres
entation might be prolonged beyond the
current week were it not that Mrs. Pa
checo is under contract to produce one
of her comedies each week during the
engagement.
On next Monday night at this theater
the latest work of this clever California
•authoress. "Woman's Wit," will b>» pre
sented. It is a humorous satire, saia to
be extremely funny and drawn on wider
and more grotesque lines than the pres
ont attraction. The new play calls for
the full strength of Mrs. Facheco's very
capable company. Matinee on Saturday.
jKe TiVoli.
The seventh week of the grand opera
season at the Tivoll Opera-house will
mark the presentations of two of the
most popular works of music-lovers of
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA
THEMTER. AA>
i m -■ . ■' ■■
TO-NIGHT— Last Time of the '
FRAWLEY COMPANY
"NUMBER NINE."
Beginning TO-MORROW
Fop ONE WEEK Only
A WAR , TIME COMEDY.
CHARLES H. HOYT'S
A MILK
WHITE
FLAG...
HUariously Illustrating the Follies and
;* Foibles- Current Among Our
. ; . Popular Militia. ;
IMARY1 MARY MARBLE
j "'.'-." As the Orphan. ".. .,'-
i ■ 50— Clever Companions— so .
I Creating a ■ Comic Sufficiency That Drives
- ■ ■ Dull Care ' Away.
September 19— NANCE ; O'NEIL.
this city. On Monday. Wednesday, Friday
and Saturday evenings Bizet's romantic
opera, "Carmen." will be given, with
Mary Linck as the bewitching cigarette
girl, Elvia Crox as the peasant Mich
aela. Helen Merrill and Minna Jurgens as
the gypsy maidens (Mercedes and Fras
quita), Signor Maurice de Vries in his fine
conception of the dashing Toreador, Rhys
Thomas as the young soldier Don Jose,
and William Schuster and Arthur Boyce
as the two smugglers, W. H. West as
Captain Zuniga and Marcel as Morales.
On Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday even-
Ings and at the special Saturday matinee
Verdi's celebrated music-drama, "La
Traviata," will be given.
JYlorosco's.
Another thoroughgoing melodrama, full
of action and striking situations, will be
presented at Morosco's during the coming
week. It Is entitled, "The Land of the
Living," and was produced at this house
four years agd, after a run of 300 nights
in London. The story Is laid in England
"and Cape Oelony, the principal Bcenes be
ing a diamond robbery, a supposed mur
der, a great explosion and the apprehen
sion and punishment of the robber and
would-be assassin. It is, in fact, full of
exciting incidents, with proper propor
tions of pathos and comedy to make the
play particularly entertaining.
Miss Gertrude Foster, the clever emo
tional actress of the former Alcazar Com
pany, has been engaged for this special
occasion and will take the prominent part
assumed by Lucille La Verne in the ear
lier production. Isis Maynard, who comes
well recommended from Chicago and St.
Louis, where she is a favorite, and little
Rosie Bennett are also in the cast.
jKe Golumbia.
Hoyfs "A Milk White Flag" will be the
attraction at the Columbia during this
week. It has been remodeled and its
songs, catch lines and situations made
appropriate to the changed conditions
since the war with Spain. The play is
an exceedingly funny one and the well
trained company sends it through from
curtain to curtain with a snap and go
that keeps ah audience on the gui vive
constantly trying to conceive what the
next turn in the humor will be. The
most attractive feature of the perform
ance Is Mary Marble in the part of an
orphan.
Tf\2 y\lhambra.
At the Alhambra, the new home of
vaudeville, the present bill will be contin
ued during the coming week. However,
there will be a rearrangement of the pro
gramme in order to make a better dis
tribution of the star parts. Del Puente,
the noted barytone, will give new selec
tions, as will also Edith Hall, Corinne,
De Villiors, the illusionist, and John
Byrne, the momologulst.
"[he Orpheum.
Another strong bill is offered by the
Orpheum this week and while there are
only two new acts a number of the hold
overs give different turns, making almost
a new show. The headllner of the new
bill is Bessie Bonehill, whose work as a
character comedienne has made her fa
mous all over America. She is one of
the most talented little women that Eng
land has ever sent us. Hines and Rem
ington, whose picture of the tough boy
and his girl have given them a front
rank among vaudevillians, come with a
new act, entitled "The Road Queen."
Miss Remington's impersonation of "the
new woman tramp" is said to be exceed
ingly clever. Felix Morris and company
will appear in "The Old Musician." Mr.
Morris does some of his cleverest work
in the title role of this act. The Pas
AKTJSEMENTS.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT— turned^up.^
FIRST BORN.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
And During Entire Week!
jj^ Chas. S. Fawcett's
foSjjk LAUGHABLE..
. j. .'•■', ;\ Farce-Comedy,
1 <^ ■§- V Entitled
fjf TRAGEDY!
• And Powers'
i igsf^' Chinese Drama, :
<M I THE /. : \
% .TIRST BORN I
Prices— Reserved SeatB,lsc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
. : ONLT MATINEE 5 SATURDAY. .. ;~ ;
SEATS * BY : PHONE MAIN ; 254. (I Or ;at box
office six days in advance. v..,,.;- - *..:..-; ' .;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Urs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mana*«r.
THE t GRAND OPERA SEASON. .
TO-NIGHT— TIME, >;.:
Donizetti's Tragic Work, - . " .
LUCRETIA BORGIA.
- TO-MORROW i EVENING, also Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday. Evenings, ; "CARMEN";
Tuesday, Thursday, . and ' Sunday ■ Evenings,
Special Saturday Matinee, "LA TRAVIATA."
; ;- Popular/ Prices, r - 25c ' and ' 60c. N. ; B.— « re-
•erved - seat \ for the matinee, : 16c. Our - tele-
phone, Bush 9,
qualis, with Sig. Abramoff, will again ap
pear in the prison scene from "Faust."
The seven Towzoonin Arabs, whose feats
of balancing and tumbling have never
been excelled on the Orpheum stage, re
main; so does Irene - ranklin with a bud
get of new songs, and Favor and Sinclair
will appear in a new act. Charles Baron
and his dogs and the biograph complete
the bill. The latter will have a number
of new and interesting war scenes. Mat
inees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Jhe y\lcazar.
The new stock company at the Alcazar
is rapidly becoming a prime favorite m
this city, and reflecting credit on the ex
cellent judgment of Manager Belasco.
They have shown themselves highly ca
pable in comedy and farce, even more so
than their predecessors, and now we see
them giving a very meritorious produc
tion of Francis Powers' tragedy. "The
First Born," in which they for the time
transpose themselves into Mongolians,
enacting their lives and conscientiously
and admirably working out the weird
pathos and tragedy of the play.
Ghutes and Zoo.
At the Chutes Free Theater, Pearl
Halght, the "American Anna Held," has
made a pronounced impression. She is
dainty, petite, and In face and figure
greatly resembles the largely advertised
French ehantreuse. She will be retained .
next week, and will change her songs, as
will also Mac Tunison, the popular so
prano. Among the new people will be:
Oro. Bell and Oro, comedians, in a skit
entitled, "Fun in a Chinese Laundry";
Cotton and Moll, triple horizontal bar
performers, highly spoken of in the East,
and Chevrial. a trick violinist, who
proved himself immensely amusing when
here last year.
Jhe Oiympia.
There are a number of new features on
the bfll at the Olympia Music Hall. They
Include Conlon and Ryder in their acro
batic comedy act; Miss Anina Allen, songs
and dances; Professor Martin and his
troupe of trained canines; Madeline, the
contortion dancer; Trixeda, in specialties.
and Maud Rockwell, the Olympia favor
ite. •, Matinee to-day.
•■■-■ piay People and p*l ays.
■ The . only performance of "Camille" by
Modjeska will be given next Friday.
"Lend Me Your "Wife," Roland Reed'\
most successful comedy, will follow "The
First Born" at the Alcazar.
Charley Bryant gives a clever imper
sonation of Hop Keo, the Chinese pipe
mender, in "The First Born."
Blanche Bates is to remain with the
Frawley Company until the middle of
November when she returns to Augustin
Daly's company.
"The Signal of Liberty," the original
"Maine" drama, will be the opening at
traction at the California. Some startling
mechanical effects are promised.
"El Capitan," "Dr. Syntax," "Panjan
dum," "The Little Bride," v>irofle Giro
fla" and "Complexities" are among the
first operas to be *.-ard in the Tivoli
comic opera season.
Among the members of Nance O'Neil's
company is Miss Ricca Allen, sister of
Louise Allen-Collier. She is a San Fran
cisco girl who hns made rapid strides in
her chosen profession.
Joseph Jefferson not long ago wrote a
check for $2 upon a piece of birch bark
in the mountains because he had no pa
per with him. The bank which cashed
the check now nas it framed and hanging
on the wall.
Miss Regina Newmann of San Fran
cisco, who has been engaged by the Ham
burg Opera, made her debut at Hamburg
on September 5 as the Princess in "La
Juive. She will appear as Nedda in
"I Pagliacci" and as Susanne in "Le
Nozze de Figaro."
Entirely new scenery, costumes and ef
fects will tend to make the coming Bald
win production of "An Enemy to the
King" one of special attractiveness. The
• < AMUSEMENTS.
San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
, "WALTER ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WFFk fflMMF\Ti\Ti MAMMY <Jpnf 1? A Great Bill of Positive Novelties and
It EE& WUflUlCntirlU ITIUPIIIAI, JCpt. IL Hi hestorade Vaudeville Stars Obtainable
.... THE CHARMING TRANSATLANTIC STAR .... .
MISS BESSIE BONEHILL
■ World's .Greatest -Character Impersonator. .
-. .' ; . The Originators In Vaudeville of New York Types ;v; v " .
HINES AND REMINGTON
In "THE ROAD QUEEN"— Introdnoing Mln Remington in Her Original Idea, "The New,Wom»n Train;."
F*EL IX MORRIS AND company
Mfyi M—*MU*iS\ ] IWi \^M\ M IIV In a New Act, "THE OLD MUSICIAN 1 '
The Most Charming One- Act Pl»y Erer OffeHJd in Vandeville. .-
iv : ;1, ' .... The Whirlwinds of the Desert. .. ; .; , ; . .w *
FAVOR SINCLAIRIRENE FRANKLIN
Great New Act, "3«pid in the Park." • .|- ; The Petite Singing Comedienne.
The Pesqualis and Sig. Abramoff
~ Continued by Special Keenest— The Priion Soene from "Famt." _ t -
...CHAS. BTTf^IvUpBIOGRAPH....
:. And the Lion Imitators. " . I New Series of Views.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, Sept. llth. Parqu^Sare^&M ny IOCI
cast will be headed by Blanche Bates and
Edward M. Bell. The romance has been
a marvelous success, surpassing even
Sothern's other drama, "The Prisoner of
Zenda."
No less than four stars announce new
plays in which a duel scene is a conspicu
ous feature. The controversy between
Wilton Laekaye and Andrew -iack as to
the priority of their rights to a certain
original duel waxes hotter as the time ap
proaches for Mr. Mack to open his season
with "A Ragged Earl." Threats of in
junctions and lawsuits are in the air. Now
comes the announcement that Chaurtcey
Olcott's new play is to have as one of its
important episodes a stage duel of a novel
sort. Tim Murphy also makes known the
fact that his play, "The Carpetbagger."
contains a duel with knives, which is sure
to surprise even the old theatergoers,
whose memory goes back to Bowery
times when at least one Stage duel was
fought every night.
The memorial window presented to the
Church of the Transfiguration, New York,
by the Players' Club as a memorial to
Edwin Booth was put in place last week.
It was designed by John La Farge, and
is in form a single lancet. The subject
represents an actor seated and holding in
his hand a mask, at which he gazes con
templatively. "Vanitas Vanitatum" is
the title of the picture, which is supposed
to symbolize the futility of human effort
in relation to the greater problems of the
world. This figure occupies the upper
part of the window, which ends in a
sharp Gothic point. The face is not un
like Edwin Booth's. On the bottom part
of the window is this inscription:
As one in suffering all suffereth nothing,
A man that fortune" s buffets and rewards
Has ta'en with equal thanks.
Below the verse are the lines: "To the
glory of God and in loving memory of Ed
win Booth this window has been placed
here by the Players in 1898."
Chorus girls in a doomed Boston bur
lesque were wiser than those whose ward
robe is still locked up in Olympta await
ing the action of the courts. They heard
that the Sheriff was imminent, and they
wore out of the building all that their
trunks had contained. Some of them were
unembarrassed by as many as six skirts
and nearly as many shirt waists are said
to have been frequent on one woman.
Shoes tied to their waists
their petticoats and hats
shapes to their figures.
dangled under
added strange
Beasts on the stage are always an un
certain quantity. In a recent performance
of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" Marks' donkey
positively refused to quit the scene in
time for little Eva to die. He had to be
carried out of view by the stage hands,
and he was vigorously protesting with all
his traditional vigor as the child expired
without the customary pathos.
It is now almost an assured fact that
Lewis Morrison and his complete spectac
ular production of "Faust," under the di
rection of Jules Murry, will be a promi
nent attraction in the French capital dur
ing the World's Exposition in 1900.
The author of "The Cat and the Cher
ub" has written another play of Chinese
life.
Mr. Hoyt has decided to have no stage
manager this season, but will fill that un
happy position himself. He will try it on
with his new farce comedy, "A Day and
a Night."
Marie Burroughs will be Stuart Rob
son's leading lady this season.
Julia Marlowe's newest play is called
"Because She Loved Him So."
A company, led by Kathryn Kldder,
Louis James and Frederick Warde, is to
play "The School for Scandal," "Othello,"
"Macbeth" and "Julius Caesar" this sea
son.
Sarasate, the famous violinist, is a
Spaniard. He claims that his wonderful
command of his instrument is due to the
fact that he has averaged in practice six
hours a day ever since he was 12 years of
age.
JOKE ON WEBSTER.
Tisdale, who many years ago was a
nail manufacturer in Agra warn, was an
intimate friend of Daniel Webster, and
many were the gunning and fishing
trips they enjoyed together, accom
panied only by a great big, strapping,
good-natured fellow named Seth Bump.
Calling the dogs and Seth early one
sunny summer's morning, they started
off. well supplied with refreshments.
traps and everything necessary to make
a gunning trip successful.
Suddenly arriving at the shores of a
pond, the dog swam across, leaving the
party to follow the best that they could.
"Say, Tisdale,." said Webster, looking
a little glum at the prospect, "how deep
is this water?"
"It's "all of fifteen feet and twenty
yards across. Why, going to swim it?"
answered Tisdate, laughing, although
it meant a walk of more than three
miles to go around the pond to the
point opposite.
"No, but I'm going across this stream
somehow."
"Say, Seth, I'll give you a dollar to
swim me across on your back," said
Tisdale, winking to Seth, w r ho grinned,
but shook his head rather doubtfully.
"O, come on! I'm a lightweight,"
coaxed Tisdale.
Finally Seth agreed and Tisdale was
soon safely landed on the other side.
"Now, Seth, I'll give you a dollar to
swim me over as you did Tisdale," said
Webster, who weighed more than 100
pounds heavier than Tisdale.
A dollar was a big sum to Seth. but
Webster's weight looked like a bigger
Job than he cared to tackle.
"Look here, Seth, I'll give you $2,"
said Webster, showing him the money.
This was too much for Seth and he
readily agreed.
When they had got well out into deep
water Tisdale shouted: "Look here,
Seth! Webster just winked to me that
he wasn't going to give you anything.
He's fooling you."
No sooner said than done, Seth Imme
diately sunk under water, carrying
Webster out of sight, and when he
came up spitting and spluttering, he
shouted to Seth, "I'll give you any
thing you say, Seth. Get me there and
you can name your own price."
"No fooling, Mr. Webster, this time,
or down you go to stay," said Seth
grimly.
When Seth with his live freight had
all but reached shore Webster smiled
although the water was running in
rivulets down his cheeks.
"Say, Seth, he's just winked again!"
shouted Tisdale.
Down went Seth for a second time,
carrying Webster out of sight, while
Tisdale rolled in agony on the shore.
When they reappeared language that
would hardly grace a Methodist prayer
meeting was heard in that vicinity.
"Say, it's all right, Tisdale, and I'll
settle. But If I ever get an opportunity
you and that dod rotted fool of a Seth
Bump'll swing for It," groaned Web-
ster, as he wrung the water from his
garments. — Medford, Mass., Mercury.
H. A. Tiedeman, a promising tenor sing
er, was killed recently in the Berwyn
Hotel flre at Chicago by dropping from a
fifth-story window. He was a native of
California and was the brother of H. B.
Tiedeman of the theatrical agency of
Tiedeman & McCormick in San Francisco.
He was only 23 years of age and had many
warm friends in the profession.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
THIS EVENING,
LAST PERFORMANCE,
THE LEADING MAN.
Starting To-morrow (Monday) Evening,
THE PACHECO COMEDY CO.
In a Humerous Satire in Thre« Acts,
"WOMAN'S
WIT."
BY MRS. ROMUALDO PACHECO.
EVERY EVENING.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES:
EVENING— ISc. 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
MATINEE— 2Sc, 35c and 50c.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Comedy Theater and 710 Market st.
Next Comedy— "WILDER' S WIVES."
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
Beginning Monday, Sept. 12,
Tremendous hit of PEARL HAIGHT, the
"American ANNA HELD": ORO. CLIFFORD
and ORO: EMIL CHEVRIAL: COTTON and
MOLL; MAE TUNISON and EUSAPIA.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
SEE THE BIG BULL FIGHT!
THE GRAND SUCCESS
THE IRISH FAIR
Will be duplicated by the Great Irish Fair
Ball, Reception and Spectacular March at
MECHANICS' PAVILION, Tuesday evening.
September 13, given as a compliment to the
ladies, who have worked so hard to make the
fair a success, by the Celtic Union. Music by
Coggin's Golden Gate Park Band. Irish danc-
ing school entertainment, with Irish pipers.
Twenty dancing numbers. New features, new
music. Ladies in booths in costumes.
Ticket office open to-morrow at 10 a. m. at
Pavilion. Tickets, including hat rack privi-
leges, $1. Ladies free.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11. AT 2:30 P. M.
First Great Event of the Season.
220- YARD RACE
Between SID CAVILL, Champion Swimmer ot
Australia, and DAN GREEN. Champion
220-yard Swimmer of the Pacific Coast.
FOR A PURSE OF $300 AND A SIDE BET
OF $150.
ALSO IMMENSE AQUATIC BILL.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
BASEBALL.
RECREATION PARK.
OAKLAND vs. ATHLETIC*
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
1
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings still behind last year.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wneat unsettled. Barley dull and weak.
Corn flat. Oats lower and dull.
Bran easy.
Choice Wheut Hay firmer.
Alfalfa Seed coming in more freely.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions lower.
Ranch Eggs advanced.
No change in Butter and Cheese.
Poultry nominal.
Fruits about the same.
Dried fruits firn: but quiet.
Hop crop reported short.
M .-. i market unchanged.
Nothing new In Provisions.
•d exports of specie.
Gain in gold coin circulation.
Seven failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The. Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 7
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terrl
torlea for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 11 for the previotti week and IS for
the corresponding week of 1597. The failures
for the past week are divided among the trades
as follows: 1 restaurant. 1 corsets. 1 rolling
mill. 1 peed and plant factory, 1 groceries and
liquors, 1 butcher, 1 hotel.
OUR CASH AND DEBTS.
The following Is a statement of the public
<!ilii and of cash in the Treasury of the I'nlteJ
States at the close of business \ugu»t 31. re
ceived from retary Gage: Interest, bearing
debt, $'J22.212,500; debt on which __ interest _ has
ceased nince maturity, J1. 259,030 2C; debt bearing
no interest, $353.555,571 C 4; certificates and
Treasury notes, offset by an equal amount of
cash In the Treasury. $55S 046,933; apgreKate of
debt, $1,865,404,734 90. Compared with the state
meni <uc<l ju!y 31, the figures show a decreaae
of certificates, and Treasury notes amounting
to $1,451,000 and a uecrcaae In the aggregate
debt of 51.563.450. The cash In the Treasury
at the date mentioned was: Gold, 52J3,37".4 S3;
Bllver, $&IMOO,BM 69; paper, $93,084,055 SS; bonds,
minor coin, fractional currency, etc., $67,282,
201 6S; aggregate, $927,144,646 OS. The cosh bal
ance In the Treasury. July 31, was $234,844,
215 06, ar.d on August SI, $294.487.054 CO, show- |
Ins an increase during' the month of $39,642,- j
S6O 54. . .
EXPORTS OF SPECIE.
Exports of specie from this port during the
flr>t eight months of the year were $31,£33.f>74,
tMs':iinst $26,937,185 for the same time in 1897.
and '-.•.nslst^d of $2,749.MS In silver bullion. 12,
:n Mexican dollars. $126,917 in Peruvian
Boles, $286.r,«2 in silver coin. $4000 in gold bul
lion. $25,655,510 in gold coin, $620 in goki dust
and $263,272 in currency. Of this year's exports
$4.J3P.234 went to Chlnu. $3000 to Japan, $41i.
9<X> to India, $324,000 to Honolulu. $139,282 to
C-ntral America and $2ti.509.247 to New York.
GOLD COIN MOVEMENT.
The movement of gold coir at San Francisco
for the first eight months of the year was as
follows:
Paid for duties $ 4,152. 900
Exported 25,695.500
Withdrawn $29,545,400
Coined January 1 to August 31 ' 37_,415,000
Gain to local circulation $ 7,567.100
In the same time last year there was a loss
to lucal circulation of $4,511,100.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
According to a Treasury statement the money
In circulation In the United States on the Ist
of September was as follows:
Gold coin $ 630.693.166
SSilvt-r dollars 57.738,313
Small silver 64.759,523
Gold certificates 35,473.009
Silver certificates 392.990.373
Treasury notes 94.520.634
United State-? notes 272.395.05 l
mey certilicates 20,2M).000
National bank notes 222,545.!<26 ■
Total $1,792,096,545
In 1597 1.665,680.098
Increase $ 126,416.447 i
The circulation per capita Is given at $23 96. |
The net decrva** in circulation for the month
of August waa $17,101,799. The decrease in gold
coin was $14.5.">2.85.5. The withdrawal of money
to pay for bonds was the cause of the de
crease.
DRY GOODS TRADE.
For the first time In months there Is an ln
creaae In the Imports of foreign dry goods at
New York, the. total for August being $9,112,
78. . against $5,477,014 for the same month last
year, and $9,008,818 for 1896. The movement
In foreign dry goods at New York for the first
eight months of the year compares as fol
lows:
Imported. Marketed.
1597 $65,013,592 $102,500,519
UN 64.240.587 62,016.593
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
Tbe Government coin certificates In circula
tion August 31 were as follows:
Gold $37,017,789 $35,473,009
Silver 367.X63.337 392.090.373
Treasury SS.I46.SU 94.920,654
Total $483,026,438 $523,384,036
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the United States mints for
the nrst eight months of the year was as fol
lows:
Doubl- eagles $32.735,7d0 00
Eaides 10.745.940 00
Half eagles 7,436,795 00
Quarter eagles 262 50
Silver dollars $8,186.400 00
Half dollars 1,333,034 00
Quarter dollars 1.185.24S 00
Dimes 763,040 00
Five cents .' 443,364 45
Cents 360.C51 S4
Total $63,196.476 79
Same in 1897 , 65.055.642 00
The total for the last year included 511..-.«:«.5 11. .-.«:«. v."
in double eagles, or $10,000,000 more than waa
coined this year. _
THE NATIONAL INCOME AND OUTGO.
The receipts af>d expenditures of the Gov
ernment during the first two months of the
current fiscal year were as follows:
Receipts— 1897 1695.
Customs $23,r<r>4.5n4 • $31,419,380
Internal Revenue 30,961,027 " 50.15 C.632
Miscellaneous 3.193.187 4,023,804
Total $58,108,718 $53,629.516
The disbursements for the same Interval comp
are as follows:
1597. 189 S.
Civil $21,574,758 $19,543,702
War 16.359,612 69,937.389
Navy 5.671.501 14.900..",7
Indians 1,745.834 1.436,f<53
Pensions 28.750.755 25,742.630
Interest S.. 496 8,663.963
Total $53.685,9. .6  $130,524,194
MONEY IN GOVERNMENT VAULTS.
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
ports the amounts of money on hand at the
clone of August aa follows: .
Gold coin $148,201,497
Gold bullion 1f0.175.997
Silver dollars 406.2Cb.209
Small silver 10.993.449
Silver bullion : 96.141.237
Total specie $7G6.775,389
United States notes $74,285,435
Trensury notes cf 1590..... 4.3.19.G26
Gold eertlflV.-ites 1.6«.]40
Sliver certificate* 8,117,131
Currency certificates 280,000
National Bank notes 4.415,724
Minor coin, ote LJOS.BIS
Deposits in National Ivi-v- 66,968,467
Miscellaneous 107.919
Total •• J927.144.646
At the close of August. 1897, the money in
these vaults amounted to $858,145,367. Of this
amount $700,GC2.G51 was in specie, including
$150,003,810 in gold coin and $31,230,335 In ..gold
bullion. : - The silver, bullion on hand is over
|g,f100.000 less than it was a yra.r ago.
There \va3 an Increase of $23,000,000 In gold
coin last month through payments for bonds,
and about 56.000.C00 In gold bullion, chiefly from
Alaska and other domestic sources.
BANK CLEARINGB.
Local bank clearings last week were $12,118,-
IDB, against 143,452 for thesame week last
year. . " . . ■
WEATHER REPORT.
'150 th Meridian— Pacific Tltne.l
San Francisco, Sept. 10, IS9B, 5 p. m.
The following maximum tfinvperaturtg were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, ■ 62; Red ' Bluff, 96; - Sacramento,^ 92;
Fresno, 96; San Luis Obispo, 90; Independence,
Si, Los Angeles, 94; San Diego, 78; Yum*. 110.
San Francisco data: maximum temperature,
68; minimum, D 3: mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND OENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest ~ over • Montana ■ and
loweet In "Southern ■ Arizona.- .
The temperature has risen In the Sacramento
Valley and In the • western : portion ■of Oregon
and Washington. : It Is generally above the
normal In all districts. .
Cloudy and, * foggy weather Is reported v from
the coast of Orogon and Washington and part
ly cloudy from Eaetern Texas. It Is clear In
the remaining portions of the Pacific slope.
A sprinkle or rain U reported from Central
Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather
Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 11, 1898:
Northern California— Fair; warmer t-unday;
brisk northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair; warmer Sunday;
fresh northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Sunday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Sunday. '
San Francteco and vicinity— Fair warmer Sun
day; fresh northwest wind
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Clear, wind
•wist. 12 miles; temperature. 76; maximum tem
perature, SI. G. H. WILLvSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— The stock market !
opened higher to-day under the impetus of
better prices for Americans in London. The
London advance was apparently manipulated
from this side, for the rise here was met by
quite heavy offerings in continuation of the
liquidation of the last few day:;, forced by the
calling of loans. The extent of this liquida
tion is reflected in the contraction of $6,775.7u0
in loans shown by the weekly statement of the
cltaring-house banks. Northern Pacific pre
ferred and New York Central showed the larg
est gain* in the railroad list, the latter on
short covering. The advance in Central was
lost but Northern Pacific preferred held per
sistently firm in- the reaction after the open
ing.
The reaction at the opening invited some
buying, especially in St. Paul, which rallied
near the close on the traffic statement for the
first week in September showing an increase
over last year's unprecedented high level of
UttiJ.272. The Industrials came more Into notice
in the second hour especially Tobacco, which
showed a violent recovery from yesterday's
weakness, recovering seven points on forced
covering of shorts. The - news which caused
the advance was not forthcoming, but pre
sumably had to do with the plug tobacco
agreement, the alleged failure of which caused
yesterday's decline. Sugar, Rubber, Steel and
Wire and Hawaiian Commercial were also con
spicuously strong. The continued shrinkage
of cash reserves of New York banks has been
the prevailing factor In the stock market dur
ing the week. The large demands of the
treasury on New York banks for cash In pay
ment of bond subscriptions are reflected in the
heavy decreases In all items of the hank state
ment. The large decreaso of $13,036,200 In the
actual cash balance is more than accounted
for by the diversion of cash from the banks
to the sub-treasury on bond subscriptions.
The condition of the money market has re
stricted transactions in the bonds as well as
in the stocks and prloes are generally lower.
United States seconds, the 53 and the 6s regis
tered have advanced v, the new 4s % and the
3s, when issued, % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day. 220.100 shares,
including 3984 Atchison preferred. 7371 Burling
ton. 7725 Manhattan. 5000 ' Metropolitan. 4425
Hawaiian, 4080 Northern Pacific. 10.290 North
ern Pacific preferred, 4710 Rock Island^ 7720
Union Pacific. 21.865 St. Paul, 7130 Union Pacific
preferred. 55.0-15 Tobacco. 4450 People s Gas.
21.960 Sugar, 4970 Leather preferred. 39^3 Rub
bef" CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13V* So Railway 8%
Do prefd 34% Do prefd ........ J4%
Baltimore & Ohio 41% Texas & Pacific. U;t
Canada Pacific .. 5*% Union Pacific .... jl
Canada Southern. 51% Do prefd 6J%
Central Pacific .. 21% U P D& G 6
C**s & Ohio 23% Wabash b%
Chi & A.ton 160 Do ........ 2t>%
Chi B& 0 115 Wheel A L E (3d
Chi & E 111 64 assessmnt paid). 2%
CC C & St L.... 41% Do nrefd ; 14% |
Do prefd ........ SS Express Companies—
Del & Hudson... 107 Adams Ex 110
Del L & W 151% American Ex .... 130
Den & R 0 14 United States .... 41
Do prefd 65% Wells Fargo 120
Erie (new) 14 Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd.... 36% A Cot Oil 35%
Fort Wayne 172 | Do prefd 85
Gt Nor pretd 133%|Amn Spirits 1A 4
Hocking Valley... 5% Do prefd ......... 36%
Illinois Central 112% Am Tobacco 143%
Lake Erie & W.. 18 Do prefd 129
Do prefd 73% People's Gas 104
Lake Shore 1M Cons Gas 186
Louis & Naeh.... 57% Com Cable C 0.... 10.
Manhattan L 96% Col F & Iron 21.%
Met St R- 155% Do prefd SO
Mich Central . 106 Gen Electric 43%
Minn & St L 2C% Illinois Steel ..... 72
Do Ist preld.... S9 i Loclede Gas 49>4
Mo Pacific 33% Lead «4%
Mobile &' 0hi0... 27% Do prefd 109
lio X & T 11% Nat Lin Oil 6
Do prefd 33% Haw Com Co 37V,
Chi Ind & L 8% Pacific Mail 32%
Do prefd .... 32 Pullman Palace... 186
N J Central 90VS: Silver Certificates 60%
N V Central 117% Stand R & T..... '7%
N V Cl.i &St L. 13 Sugar 137
Do Ist prefd.... 65 Do prefd 115
Do 2d prefd.... 33 T C & Iron 29%
Nor West 14% U S Leather 7%
No Amer Co 6% Do prefd <0%
No Pacific 3S U S Rubber 42
Do prefd 77% Do prefd 102%
Ontario & W 15% ! T -\>*t Union 9314
Or R 4 Say 56 jK G W 27
Or Short Line 33Vi 1 Do prefd ........ 67
Plttsburg 169 St L& S W B
Reading 17% Do prefd 12
Do Ist prefd.... 43% Chi G W 15%
Rock Island 103 CN W 132 V*
St Louis & S F.. S% Do prefd ........ 175
Do Ist prefd.... 65% Pac C Ist prefd.. 84
Do 2d prefd.... 32% Do 2d prefd 6«%
St Paul 109% Minn Iron :. 97
Do nrefd 157 C & E 111 prefd. .B3%
St P & Om 81 Int Paper Co 53
Do prefd 157'/. Do prefd 90
St P M & M 164 Brooklyn R T C3'i
So Pacific 22
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 3s 105% N J C 5s 113%
U B new 4s reg.. 127% N Carolina C 5.... 129
Do coup 127% Do 4s 103%
U 8 4s ll'>% No Pac If<t9 114
Do coup 1114 Do 3s R7% |
Do 2ds 88% Do 4s 100%
U S 5s rci? 112V t N V C & St L 4s. 106%
Do Gs coup 112% Nor & W 6s 123
District 3.C59 116 Northwstrn cons. 141
Ala class A 10$ Do deb Ds 119%
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 114%
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 99%
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr.... 127
Atchison 4s 94% O S Line os tr.... 108
Do adj 46 71% Pacific Cs of 95 — 102%
Can So 2ds.. I<>7 Reading 4s ?2%
Chi Term «3...... 88 |R G W lets 894
C & Ohio 6s 115%!5t L & I M C ss. 99
C H & D 4%s 104%' St L & S F G 6s. 120
D & R G lsts.... 110 St P Con 151
D A R G 4s 96%:5t P C & P lsts.. 113
l>ist Term lsts.... 100 j Do 5s 117%
Erie Gen 4s 72%i50 Railway — 97
X W & T) lsts tr. 75% Stand R & T Cs.. 794
Gen Elec as..'. 107 Term new set 35.. 93
G H A S A Cs.. 105 Tex P L G lsts.. 106
Do 2ds 105 Do Rg 2ds 45%
H & T C 6s ..111 Union Pacific .... 40
l>o con Cs 10S DP D& G lsts . . 75%
lowa C lsts 104 Wab Ist 5s 111%
La new -cons' 45.. 103 Do 2ds R9\»
L & N Unl 45.... S!>% W Shore 4r 109%
Missouri «s 100 iva Centuries 764
MX & T 2ds 64V, I Do deferred ... 7%
Do 4s 89%1W1s Cent lsts.... Gj
N V Central lsts. 116%!
';'.;■ MINING STOCKS.
Chollar .....'...... 'O Ontario 350
Crown Point .... 14 Ophir : 20
Con Cal & Va... 66 Plymouth 12
Deadwood --.: 25 Quicksilver 125
Gould' & Curry.. 18 Do prefd....;.... 350
Ha'» & Norcross. 75 Sierra Nevada ... • 53
Homestake 43 00 Standard 165
Iron Silver.. '70 Union Con . • 15
Mexican 14 Yellow Jackev.... 20
' BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - Westlnghouse El. 30%
Call leans 2%'Jf3% Do prefd 27
Time loans ....3 @4% Wis Cent ......... 14
Stocks— Ed Elec Tel 184
A T-& S F.......V ISU Gen Elec prefd.:. 97
Amer Sugar 137 Atchlson. prefd ... 34%
Do prefd 115 Bonds-
Bay State Gas... 1% Atehison 4s 93
Bell Telephone.... 279 Wi« Cent lsts 55%
Boston & Albany. 223 , Mining Shares-
Boston & Maine. 162 Allouez Mm.Co.. 3
Boston L 674 Atlantic ........... 26
Chi Bur &,Q...... U5 Boston & Mont.. 220%
Fltchburg 104% Butte & Boston.. 23%
Gen Electric ..... 43% Calumet & Hecla. 575
Illinois Steel ...... Centennial . 17%
Mexican Central.. u% Franklin =13
N V & N Eng... H IOM Dominion .... 28
Old Colony 192 Osceola 55%
Rubber .......:... 41 Quincy ............ 117
Union Pacific .... 30% Tamarack ..J 171
West End... 87 |Wolv»rine . 2fi%
Do prefd 105% i Parrott 224
LONDON MARKET. ]j :
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock market*
here were on the eve of the settlement.
Americans were slow and fell In
sympathy with the falling prices. Dinars h«re
are covering in St. Paul. The money market
was firm on the New York exchange. Over
£100.000 was delivered from the Bank of Eng
land to-day.
Canadian Pacific, 91; Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar
silver, quiet, 28d per ounce. Money, \<^\k per
cent.
PARIS, Sept. 10.— Spanish 4s closed to-day at
41.65.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Financier says:
The surplus reserves of the New York asso
ciated banks are now lower than at any time
slnre the panic of ISS3. Two years ago this
month, the surplus doprc-ssed to something
like $8,100,000, but call money then was at pro
hibitive figures, and imports of gold followed
immediately. Now confronted by on Interior
demand which has averaged In past seasons
over thirty millions, ivlth the treasury absorb
ing additional millions each week on bond pay
ments, and with business expanding In every
direction, money Is loaning at 4 per cent, al
though the fact of the matter Is that the banks
have little If any money to loan. The excess
reserve of the New York banks Is in the hands
, of a few institutions.
I The majority of tao banks *r» loaned up to
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
and beyond the required limit. The statement
of the current week is about what was antici
pated. The treasury took $14,000,000 from the
banks on bond account, and the loss to the in
terior between one and two millions. The clear
ing-house report makes the loss of cash about
J13.000.000. The decrease In deposits reached
the unusually large sum of $20,487,700. which was
due to the cash contraction named, and the
falling off of $6,778,700 in loans. It is to be
noted that had not the banks not called In out
standing loans, the surplus reserve would have
practically disappeared. The present financial
situation is anomalous. The country never had
bo much money, but it is distributed so that
It Is unavailable for use, and It Is needed more
than ever. The treasury, it Is true, by an
ticipating interest and maturity on bonds, is
exhausting every resource to restore to circu
lation Its idle funds, but the effects of this
policy are not yet apparent. As the circum
stances which have brought about an unpre
cedented condition are about to continue for
some time, the banks up to this time have dis
couraged the idea of a stringency In money,
but unless some relief 1b speedily obtained It
Is difficult to see how present rates can long
prevail. The promised Increase In bank circu
lation is slow in materializing and will prob
ably come, as has been the case In past years,
after the real demand for it hflc. passed. As
matters stand to-day the continued contraction
of loans with reluctant higher quotations seems
Inevitable.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,778 barrels; exports, 23,086 barrels. Dull, but
fairly steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, . 262.800 bushels; exports,
113,749 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red 70c
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. . Options opened stead
ier on foreign buying and higher cables. Then
followed a sharp break, influenced by foreign
prices, Northwestern receipts and unloading
by Friday's buyers, closed weak at %@le net
decline. No. 2 red May, 67%©68% c, closed
67% c; September. «7%®'69%c, closed 6Sc; a De
cember, 6D%@66%c, closed 6Cc. • '
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice, 1895,
2£i3o; 18S6 crop, s<gMc; 1897 crop. 11© 12c; Pacific
Coast 1895 crop, 2<i?3c; 1596 crop, s(g'>c; 1897
crop, ll@l2c. v -'^^. '--■■'
WOOL— Dull: fleece, 17@23c; Texas, 13@loc.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, un
changed to 5 points lower. Sales 13.000 bags,
including September, $5 40; December, $5 70.
Spot coffee— Rio dull and nominal; No. 7 In
voice, -6%c: No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild, quiet.
Cordova. B@l6c. '.~\l~
6UGAR— strong; fair refining, 3 13-lG'c?
3%0; centrifugal 96 test. 4%c; molasses. 4%@
4%c. Refined, rtront?; mold A. 5%c; standard
A and confectioners A, 5%c; cut loaf , and
crushed. 6 15-16 c. ' ' : :;
PIG IRON— Southern, $9 75®11; Northern, $10
©11 10.
COPPER-Qulet; brokers'. $12.
LEAD— Quiet; brokers', 53 85.
TlN— Plates quiet.
BUTTER— 2562 packages; very firm;
Western creamery, 14%@19%c; Elgins, 194 c;
factor?'. ll«ff«c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4700 packages. Very firm;
Western, lGc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@Bc;
prime wire tray, 9c; choice, 9%c; fancy, 9%@
10c. , '. • • £
PRUNES— 4<gßo. - --V v
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@13c; Moorpark, lS@l6c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7@9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— easier tone in wheat
at the start was caused by the very heavy re
ceipts of wheat in the northwest. A break of
1% cent a bushel In the price of cash wheat at
Duluth which became known here about half
an hour after the opening converted the easier
opening tone into one of positive weakness.
Liverpool was firm at %d advance for Sep
tember and *id for December.' About the time
the news of the l%c break was received from
Duluth, a recess of the board was taken here
to view the procession of returning Chicago
volunteers. After the recess there waa half
an hour's brisk trading, but the weakness was ;
; the prevailing feature of the session. The close ,
was at a decline of lc for September and De
cember lost %©lc on the day. S
Corn States had no frost last night and the
cold weather bulls were most disappointed.
There was liberal selling of long corn bought
yesterday and the pit crowd was generally
bearish. December lost %c. ■ .■ : -
Oats were weak in sympathy with the 'other
grains. May closed %@%c lower.
Provisions opened weak on a dull trade, but
good buying of lard by a prominent packer
brought about a general Improvement In prices
later on. Pork and lard left off 2Vic lower
each, while ribs gained 2%<?5c. ■
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 64 64% 62% 62%
December 62% 624 61 61%
May 64% 64% 63% 63ii
Corn No. 2—2 —
September 30% 30% 30% 30%
December 30% 30% 30% 30%
May 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
September 20 • 20 20 20
December 20 20 19% 19%
May : 22 22 1 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 8 42% 8 47% 8 42% 8 42%
December 8 65 8 55 8 55 8 55
January 9 30
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October. 4 87% 4 87% 4 82% 485
December 4 90 4 95 4 90 4 92%
January 4 97% 5 02% 495 600
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 6 25
October ." ..G 17% 525 6 17% 525
January 4 72% . 5 77% 4 72% 4 77%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; special brands, spring. $4 2f.^i
4 5n- hard patents, $3 40«p 60; soft patents. $3 20
fif-3 40; hard straights, fSOI 10; soft straights,
J2 10©3; No. 2 spring Wheat, 62® 63c; No. 3
spring Wheat, ftfiiJ62o; No. 2 red, 65c; No. 2
Corn. 30%f 3034 c: No. 2 Oats. 20-% c; No. 2 White,
24c; No. 3 white. 23c: No. 2 Ry<\ 44^^450; No.
2 Bailey, 37(&42c; No. 1 Flaxseed, 89c: Prime
Timothy Seed. $2 55; Mess Pork, per barrel, $8 60
feS 5f.; Lard, per 100 pounds, $4 87V&04 »0: Short
Rib Sides, loose. $5 10<S5 35: Dry Salted Should
ers, boxed, 4H's'4%r; Short Clear Sides, boxed,
$5 590G 60; Sugar, cut loaf, $« 02; granulated,
$5 58."
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,100 6.800
Wheat, bushels 12».*00 225.400
Corn, bushels 3"M,100 2S6.3<K>
Oats, bushels 137.900 302,100
Rye. buohels 14,200
Barley, bushels 100,500 85,^00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, UQlBc; dairies
lH4<6>lsc. Eggs, steady: fresh, 12@12V-jC. Cheese,
firm; creameries, "Hi&h'i4c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cltten— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 277.920 77 220
Duluth 4W.678 424.006
Milwaukee 15.600
Chicago 120.842 225,450
Toledo of',Mß 93.000
St. Louis 76.000 73 000
Detroit 22.283 33.475
Kansas City 158,500 113.500
Totals 1,221.821 1,039,6:, l
Tidewater-
Boston 92.977 32.308
New York 262,700 119,617
Philadelphia
Baltimore
New Orleans 120.000
Galveston 83.638 40,000
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Deo.
Opening 5 6% 5 3^4
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Sept. Nov.-Dec.
Opening <8 40 45 20
Closing
Wheat-
Opening 2120 2106
Closing
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Consols. 110%; Silver,
27 US-ttd; French Rentes, 103 C 224 c
Wheat cargoes off coast, rather easier. 3d
higher; cargoes on passage, firm; cargoes of
Walla Walla, 28s.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 10.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s 2d; Wheat In Paris,
quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-32 U.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; September,
Es 6%d; October, 5s 3Hd-
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 6s 6i4d; No.
1 red Northern spring, 6s BH<5-
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, 5s 3d.
Futures, qujot; September, 3s l%d; October,
3s 2\4d; December, 3s 3%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady,
8s 3d.
HOPS— At London, firm, £2@4.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. '■. 10. -^-CATTLE— There was a
very weak and indifferent demand for the fresh
arrivals of : " Cattle :" to-day. . Prices ' ruled : un
changed to 5c • lower. Choice steers, $5 10@5 60;
medium,,. $4 50@4 75; C - beef steers, \\ $3 75@4 40;
stockers and feeders. $3@4 60; bulls,: $2 25@4 25;
calves, $4@7 40; Western rangers. $2 Ss<B>4 40; fed
Western steers, S# 10@6 10; Texans, $3 25@4 85. -:
; HOGS— demand; , 2%@5c lower. Fair : to
choice," $3 So@3 95; .-. packing lots, -.; $3 70#3 82%;
butchers', ■■=■ *3 90@3 97.i; mixed. ,' $3 7a@3 87%;
lights. $3@4;- pigs, *2 Po(g!3 70. '■•..-. ;
SHEEP— RuIed steady; Western lambs, {4 Ss®
5 40; feeders," $1 40@4 80;- fat muttons, >Jt 25@
4 40: bulk 'of sales, $3 75@4 20; culls, $2@3 25 •
- Receiptß— Cattle, 300; Hogs. 16,000; Sheep,
3SOO. '■ ■ ' ■-' V ■; : ' -" ■ ■ •=■•- •.-■?; - • '.■..--.
. KANSAS CITY. v ,
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 10.— CATTLE— pts,
100. Market unchanged. ■■.•■■••-;•.,
• HOGS— Receipts, • 2200. \ Market about steady
.Bulk of sales. • $3 70@3 80; 1 heavies, $3 70@3 S2>*'
■packers. $3 63©3 80; mixed.' J3 60(5-3 77%; ll hts'
$3 sb@3 70; • pigs, $3 25@3 62^- . ". . '
. SHEEP— Receipts,' soo. Market strong. Lambs'
$3 70@5 23; muttons, $3 10@4 23. . '
-■:;':-.■■;■ :■./■■ '.-; OMAHA. -■-
\>: OMAHA, . Sept. lfc— CA.TTl.E— Bocelpts, 200.
Market strong. Native steers. $4 20@5 20; West
ern steers, $3 70<a4 50; cows and heifers, $3@4;
stockers and feeders, $3 60@4 60; bulls and
stags, $2 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 3500. Market stronger.
Heavy. $3 65i3>3 75; mixed, $3 t>s<3>3 67%; light.
$3 6Orf3 72%; bulk of sales, $3 65@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 200. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 75@4 40; Western muttons, $3 60
@4 25; lambs, $4(55 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Sept. CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market,' slow and weak; beef steers. $3 50®
$5 05; cows. $2 50@3 50; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 75@4 20; stockersdo, $3 80@4 30; bulls
and stags, < $2i?f3.
Receipts, 200. Market. 5c higher: light
packers, $3 7053 75; mixed, $3 65@3 70; heavy,
$3 55®3 65. - :
SHEEP— - 1500. Market, firm; good
fat muttons, $3@4 25; lambs, $4 25@5 40.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. Sept. 10.— COTTON— Firm;
middling, 5 5-16 c.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— COTTON— Quiet; mid
dling, 3 15-16 C. .. ■ ' ■■:■,■■
EXPORTS AND 9 IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Imports of specie
this week were $1,425,645 In gold and $53,642 in
silver. , '
- The exports of gold and silver from this port
for the week ending , to-day aggregate $974,145
silver bars and coin and- $417,053 gold.
PORTLAND' S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Sept. 10.— Exchanges, . $187,365;
balances, $23,630.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Sept. 10— Wheat, Walla Walla,
6Sc; Valley and . Blue Stem,- 60c. Prices are
f orcod above export values by competition
among millers . and ' San Francisco buyers. :
•: "WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. . 10.— Wheat receipts continue
light as farmers are not disposed to sell. Quo
tations unchanged at 55c for Club and 60c for
Blue Stem. • . .
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— The Earl Fruit , Com
pany realized , the following prices for Cali
fornia fruits to-day: Grapes, Malagas, $1 30®
$1 50, average $1 67; Clusters, $1 S5. Weather
cool. Seven cars sold. . ■• *
CHICAGO. Sept. Porter Bros. Company
sold to-day California' fruit as follows: Pears,
Bartletts. $1 35@1 85 per box.. Prunes, Japans,
$1 86. Grapes, Tokays, $1 60; Rose de Peru,
60c@$l 10; -Mescats, 80@90c. Peaches, Sal ways,
80@S5c box. Seven cars sold.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — , 486
Sterling Cables :.!...— 4 86%
New. York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — ■ 60%
Mexican Dollars 46 '46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — The European markets were
stronger, but Chicago - was •weaker and this
market sympathized with the latter is usual.
Futures were higher than on Thursday, how
ever.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l milling.
$1 17V4®1
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— December —
52.000 ctls, $1 14%; 8000, $1 14%; 6000. $1 14%.
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 14%. •
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
' ' BARLEY— Was dull, and weak at unchanged
prices. - •■■
Feed. $1 15@1 17%: Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales. ■
Second Session— No sales. ;
Regular Morning Session— December ctls,
$1 17. . V- ;.- ': .■
Quotations are lower all around and
the market lis very " dull. Fancy Feed. $1 20@
$1 22% per. ctl; good to choice, $1 12%@1 20;
common, $1 07%@l 10: Surprise, nominal; Gray,
$1 lOijri 15; milling, $1 15®1 20 per ctl.
CORN— The market continues flat at the old
prices. Small round yellow $1 23; Eastern
large yellow. $1 07%: white, $115; mixed, $105
@1 07% per ctl. ;
• RYE— SI lr.fil 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR-Famtly extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $4®4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 2i per 100 rbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 40; extra cream
Cornmettl, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 26; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $S 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
O>4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
rels). $5 85(56 25; In sacks, $5 66@6 05; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per
ioo rt»s.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran was easy, owing to large receipts from
the north. Receipts of Hay again fell off, and
there was a better demand for choice wheat
at hardening prices. The lower grades showed
no Improvement.
Bran— lls^l6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIBI?2n per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $25 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31©31 ofl; Jobbing,
So?^; 32 B0; Cocoanut Cake, $24'iJ2o; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S^3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23©23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24-524 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $15 50®17 for
good and $13(6 15 for lower grades; no fancy
coming In; Wheat and Oat. $13@15; Oat,
$12 MKffH; Barley, ; Island Barley. $11@12;
Alfalfa, $11 Co@l2 50; Stock, $10; Clover, nomt-
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat. $12f(13 50; Oat. $12@13; Cheat. $10(gl2;
Timothy, $X)r 8 12 50; Alfalfa, $10®U per ton.
STRAW— 3O<gSOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Alfalfa Seed Is coming In more freely. Beans
are unchanged and dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 2502 40; Small Whites,
$1 9O(ff2 10; Large Whites, $1 7C@l 90; Pinks,
$2 25@2 35; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $3 15©
3 25: Butters, nominal; Limas, $3@3 15; Pea.
$1 90(52 05; Red Kidneys, $2 60<ff2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brawn Mustard, $1 2.Mg4 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4®4 124; Flax, nominal. $2®
2 10; Canary Seed, 2Vtfi2%c per It); Alfalfa,
from Utah. 6c; Rape, 2»4(Li3%c; Hemp, 2%Q'3c;
Timothy, o'ii's%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@1 90; Green. $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are weaker. Potatoes are unchanged.
Tomatoes are steady, but Corn is weaker. Cu
cumbers nnd squash are In free supply.
POTATOES— 4OffI»Oc In sacks for Early Rose
and 40-gBO In sacks and 60c@$l In boxes for
Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 7oc®sl 15; Sweet
Potatoes, 14®2<- por lb.
ONIONS— Soi&.6Se per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, Tr.cUJl per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. s®6c; String
Beans. 14fj30; Lima Beans, 2@3c; Bay
Squash. 25<S30c; Green Peppers, 25<Jr40c for
Chile and 2u<fMoc for Bell; Cabbage, 50c per
ctl; Carrots, SO^SOc per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
25#30c; Plcklee, $1 SOffll 65 for No. 1 and 75c@$l
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 3S@<7sc; Bay Toma
toes, 35«jf750; Green Corn, 750@5l per sack
for Vacaville, $1 25@1 75 per crate for Alameda,
6f»@Bsc for Berkeley; Garlic, 2@24c per lb;
Green Okra. 40tfj*5c; Dried Okra. S<f|>loc per lb;
Ekk Plant. 35@500 per box; Mtrrowfat Squash,
$12@13 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per tb In lots of 25It>s; sllred
desiccated, 16@18c; granulated, raw 13c;
Onions 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
base, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnip*. 26c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 6*c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The. market .' was ; unchanged ; and.. stocks
were well cleaned up nt the close.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@17e for Oob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
SI 25@1 50; Uosllnfrs, $1 30<g;l 75; Duckn, $3@3 50
for old and 13®4 60 for young; Hens. $4 50(96;
Boosters, young, $5 50® 6; Roosters, old, }4 50@5;
Fryers, J4 60(jj6; Broilers, $3 50@4 for large,* $2 50
(B*3 for hmall ; Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 per dozen for
young and $1 25&1 GO for oid. ''-. . ; .
GAME— Nominal. \ - V. '
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EQGS.
Ranch Eggs have again ' advanced a/id * are
firm. Cheese and i Butter are as before quoted,
and the feeling is steady.-. -~
BUTTER— " '■ ':■'■
' Creamery — creameries, 2j@26c; seconds,
24c. •■-",. -; ■■ ; •■ .■ '■■■■■ ■ -•■.■■■■
Dairy— Choice 'to ' fancy,' 21®23c; . common
BTades, ; l7V4@2Oc. :• ; ' ■ • ; ■■ ■■> ■■: -'
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 18@20c; pickled roll,
21igi22Vic; creamery tub, ' 20@22c. • ■■■■;■■ ■;■ _ . i
■ Eastern Butter— Ladle . packed. '• 16@16Hc -' per
Ib; Elgin. 22(g.22M:C. •■ .■ ': ■->?-
CHEESE— Choice mild new, l0@llc; old, BV4@
9V4c; Cream Cheddar, 10@Uc; Young America,
lOHCllHc; Eastern, 12@13c. . -■• ;
■ EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 22%@260 per dozen; store
Eggs, 15@17%c;'' Eastern, . 14018 c for ordinary
and 17@lSc for fancy. r "•,::■...■ v-'-itVVv'-':';^"^^
•'.•> DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
i; Peaches, ; Pears j and ; Plums are firm • on , can
ning account, , and ; the : two | latter . continue lin
very light etipply. Grapes are as dull as ever.
Berries are somewhat; slower. Melons are firm
and 5 Cantaloupes » are higher. •'■ No : chanse >In
Citrus fruits 1b observed.- :-': -' .■'.
DECIDUOUS ' FRUITS— ■ . ,
' Strawberries, *". $3<3>4 •■ per J chest - for large and
$7(gs for small. --■■■' , - : -.
: Figs, 40@65c for black, double 1 layers.
Cantaloupes, *&oc@U per crate; Nutmegs, 28A
50c v per box; ■ Watermelons, ■; J15@25 ■ per ; hundred
fonlarß-eand $5012. f0r small to medium. ■
-. Huckleberries, 8c per lb. ;■.;. ■
' Quinces, K@Ghc per box. : ■• . •
Pomegranateß,,7sc per ■ small box. : :
Red : Nectarines, 50©75e; White ' Nectarines,
nominal. ■ -.' '. ' '•''• 1 - : .--'■'-■■:'■- '■"■''■■.."■ ■'■■-',* ■ ■;•'
White Grapes, : STiig-SOc per box; Blaok Orau-«.
ZdGiOc; MuEc&ts, 35©50 c; Seedloaa, 1 75©« c; To*,
Kfci.l iHl.nJn IIIIHM il illiim II ' ' - - .'•• ".. i ■•■?•■.. "
kay, 35@50c crates sell 7 about ■ 10c - higher than
boxes: Isabellas, $1 Rft per crate.
Blackberries. $3@-4 ' per chest. ■ . «
■'. Plumß, <CHS6Oc per crate and 20@50c per box;
in bulk, $13@20 per ton. - - :. '•
- . Peaches, : 60<ig:Si.c per . box for • good to . chslee
and 36@40c for . common • stock; clings, $20@65
per ton:; freestones. $20@40. «~
Raspberries, $5@7 per chest. 9
■ Apples, : 35@60c for common, 76c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice. ■ •■•■■• .- --*
Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 50 per box and $40<8>50
per ton for No. 1 and 90c@$l per box and $35
per ton for ripe and inferior stock.
CITRUS FHUITS— - $I@l 60 for Va
lenclas, $l@l 25 for St. Michaels. 75c@$l for
Mediterranean Sweets and 60<3>75c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 50@2 50 for common and $3@4 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes. $s@6c: Califor
nia Limes, Tscfa'|l 50; ' Bananas, . $1 25@2 25 per
bunch; • Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. •:;•;
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC,
The market was dull ; yesterday, owing to
Admission Day and the close of the week. Dis
patches from New -York reported a firmer feel
ing. in , Prunes there, with more disposition on
the part of • buyers ' a to meet : the • prices asked
by California sellers. There la a marked pref
erence ■ for the ' large ■ sizes, but they will be
hard. to find this year. •
Prices for new Apples have been established.
DRIED .FRUIT— New Prunes. 5%@6c for
: 0-50 s, 4\@sc for 50-SO's, 4Vi@*V4c for 60-70' s,
'%©4c for 70-80's. 3Vi@3%c for 80-90's. 2%@3c for
iKMOO's - and 2%@2%c , - for 100-110*8; Peaches.
7\@Bttc- for ; choice** and - 9@loc for : fancy;
Apricots. 9®120 for Royals, and 15@17%0 for
Moorpark* Evaporated Apples, 7>4c; sun dried,
4@@<Vic; Black Figs, sacks, 2f??2Mtc; Plums, 6@
6c for pitted and l<g>l%c,for unpltted; Necta
rines, 6®7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 7@7Vic
for quarters and S@loc for halves.
• RAISINS— 2@2M!C- for two-crown, 2^4@2%c for
three-crown, 3@3Ho for four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2H@3e for Seedless Mus
catels and,'sl@l 15 for London Layers; dried
CJrapeß, 2c. • • • •>•*''•,".■ . ■
NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell. 7c for
loftehell; Almonds. 3@4e fnr hardshell. 6«j!70 for
softshell: BH®9c . for paper-shell: Peanuts, 4®
«V4c for Eastern and 4^-c for California; Pe
cans, 6Vi'S!sc; Filberts, 9V4<B>loc; Brazil Nuts,
«<JT9c per ib; Cocoanuts, J4 50@5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, 9®loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- extracted. 5%@
6c; li^ht amber extracted, 4%@S',4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS-Ba<^n. B%C per lb for
Zieavy, 9c for ligiit medium, 10Hc for light, lie
for extra light and 12H@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@llc; Califor
nia Hams. |U01Oc; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per
bbl: extra Mess Eeef, JllS'll 50: Family Beef,
$12^12 50; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$18#18 50; mess. $15 50@16: Smoked Beef. ll@l2c
per lb. . s
Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7',ic for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 5c per lb for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lb
tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6»(,@6%c; packages
leps than 300 lbs— pnlis, 60 in a case, 9Hc;
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, &Mc; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-Ib
tins, f or 2 In aqase, T»'c: ■> -ooden buckets, 20
lbs net, SVic; fancy tubs, 'Bo lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
An Eastern dispatch reports that the Hop
crop Is turning out short all over the world,
the shortage being estimated at about 50,000
bales as compared with last year. If this
proves true, dealers look for better prices
later on.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
Bteers, 10c: medium, 9c: light, BHc; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, G%c: salted Kip. B'^c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides sound. 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short
wool, 30<g'40c each; medium. 60t?80c; long wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse hides, salt. $2-25 for
large and $I@l 75 for small; Colts. 50c; Horse
hldes, dry, •#1 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for
small. - '»■- -"■ -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%@3%c per lb:
No. 2. 2Ho'2%e: refined. 4^@4%0; Grease. 2c. .
WOOL— Fall clip, Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, . *gl2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquinand
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12(£14c: Foothill and - Northern,
defective. 10<S>12c; Middle County. 13@16c: Hum
boldt and Mendocino. 14<ffl6c; Nevada. 10<ffl4c;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c: Valley Oregon. 15<£M7c.
• HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@13c; 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain ; Bags, 4%c; Wool
Bags. 26@2Sc; San Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit
Bags. 6c. 5%c and B^icfor the three grades of
■white and . 7@Bc for brown. <U .'■.'.'
• CO Wellington, $8 per ton ; New > Wal
llngton. $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 60; Cumberland $13 in bulk and $14 50 In
s.icks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks. ' ',''-■'.
i , : SUGAR— The . Western - Sugar ' Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net. cash: . Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushfid, 7%c; Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated, 6Hc; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A 5%c; Magnolia A,
! 6%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, s^c; half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes Vie more. No
order taken for less than 76 barrels "or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No further change Is reported In any de
scription. *<• /, Vx; *V;
BEEF— Flrst( quality, 6Uc; second quality,
EH'Wfic: third qualltv. 4H<j?.V.
VEAL— 6<£6c; small. 6%<gSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6^7c; Ewes. 64J;6V4<J
per lb. .
LAMB— Spring, "^fr^c per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 3^<g'374c for large. 4@4Vic
for medium and 3^®3^c for small; stock
Hogs, 2ff3c; dressed Hogs. 6M<g>6Vtc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For 48 Hours.
Flour, qr ska ... 5,196 Hops, bales 120
Wheat, ctls ..... 2.835 Hay, tons 843
Barley, ctl« ..... 1,695 Straw, tons ..... 6
Rye. ctls 280 Pelts, bdls 79
Cheese, ctls 117 Hides, no 430
Butter, ctls 290 Eggs, doz 12,000
Potatoes, sks ... 7,700 Quicksilver, flsk. 7
Onions, sks ' 456 Leather. ' rolls ... 26,1
Bran, sks 2,565 Lumber, ft ....... 30,000
Middlings, sks.. 783 Wine, gals ...... 61.800
Mustard, sks ... 39|Sugar, ska 3,203
Wool, bales 21 ; :-*;-X: -*;-X
. OREGON.
Wheat, "ctls ....." 7. Oats," ctls ........ 1,865
Flour, qr sks ... 10.979 1 Ha- tons ........ 50
Barley, ctls :.... 4,460 MUlstufts, «ks .. 671
Bran, sks 8,2001 Potatoes, sks ... 24
Wool, bales .....; 1401 ;
■.^ . I> WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks ... 2,400 Shorts, sks - 1,250
Wheat, ctls 4.420 Oats, ctls 25
Barley, ctls 6.956 Wool, bales 227
Bran, sks 1.700
* -">!■: ■ EASTERN.. : . .
Corn, ctls ........ 1,4001. .....
THE STOCK MARKET.
The latter part of the week was distinguished
by a revival of interest in mining Hhares, due
to the prospects for resumption of deep mining,
and the whole line of Comstocks advanced more
or less, as will he seen by the appended table
of fluctuations. Concerning the possible re
sults of this deep mining a local contemporary
says: "In 1680 a body of ore extending down
ward from the 2500 to the 2600 level was passed
through in sinking the Sierra Nevada, Union
Consolidated and Mexican Joint winze assay
ing $36 a ton, but was not explored in any di
rection, as at that time ore of that quality
was passed by.
"On February 12, 18S2, an overflow of water
tapped in extending a drift from the Yellow
Jacket new shaft $000 level station Into Ex
chequer ground flooded the Gold Hill mines
above the 2600 level and caused a suspension of
operations on the Belcher 2700 level, where a
large body of high grade ore had been found.
"In March, 1882, fair grade ore was developed
on the 2900 level of the Mexican, and a large
body was cut In the Union Consolidated, ex
tending downward from the 2500 to the 2700
levels."
There was a lively business In local securities
yesterday, especially in Hawaiian Commercial,
which sold between $26 75 and $27 25, the tran
sactions amounting to 2155 shares. Hutchlnson
Plantation was rather easier at $58 RO@SS 87^-
The Great Eastern Mining Company of Utah
lias levied an assessment of H a cent per share
delinquent October 10.
The Spring Valley Water Company will omit
the payment of Its usual dividend of 50 cents
per share this month.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Sept. 10—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co — 12W
4s quar coup..lUM.n2H Oakland Oas.. 52U f3
4s quar re(f...llOVilllVi Pac Gas Imp. 8S —
Is quar n0w...127V t 128 1 4 Pac L Co 48 49
3s new 104H10S S F G & E.. 87^ BSV
Miscellaneous— San Fran ... 3U
Cal-st Cab 55.U4%i116 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Cal El 6a li!s — Insurance —
C C Wat 58... 100 101 Firem's Fund2oo 210
Dup-st ex c... — 9SH Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65... 130* — Anglo-Cal .... C2U _
F& Cl Ry Cs.llo — Bank of Ca1.. 246 —
Qeary-st R 6s. 93 100 Cal SD & T.. — M
H C &S 4' 8.100 105 First Nat ... .205 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.... 128*4 —
Do gntd 65.. SS 100 Mer Exchange 14 —
Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat B. ..161 IBS
Do Ist M 55.113% — Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 9TM Ocr S & L. . 1560 —
N C NGRy 75. 104 106* Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 112 11C Mutual Say. — 4-14
N Ry '-al 55..1 i4 7 4 - S F Say U.. 490 500
NPC R R 65.103Vi106 3& L 50.... _ 95
NPC R R 58.100^ — Security S B 800 350
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas Ss 101 — Street Railroads-
Do 2d Is 65. 11014 — California 10T 110
Om Ry 6s 127H129 Geary 40 —
P&CI Ry es-lOSk — Market-st 54tt 54V
P & O 6a 113H — Presidio 8* —
Powell-st 6s..U»Sil2? Powder—
ileno W LAL.IOO — California ....152H149
Sac El Ry 55..100 — E Dynamite... S7 95
3 F & N P SB.KWVLIO9H Giant Con Co. 4!>% 50
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Vlgorlt ?V. !-V
3 P of Ar 85... 108*108% Miscellaneous—
Sl' Cal 6a 110 — Al Pan Assn. .10: "Aim
ePO 1* 05 6>.10| - Gen Ld Wka 140 -
6 P Br 6s 11814119^, Hana P C 0.... IS*4 1?%
S V Wat 6s...ii6Vi'lß H C & S Co.. 27^, 27*4
S V Wat 45... 10254, — Hutch S P Co. 58% v"4
Stock Gas 65.. 102 r- Mer Ex ABofl. »0 —
Water Stocks— Nat Vln C 0... — 6
Contra Couta.. 52% — Oceanic S Co. 56% 57%
Marin Co 50 — Pacific AF A. «4 1%
Spring Valley. 99v4100 Pac Bot C 0... — 105
Gas & Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. 105 —
Morning Session.
115 Giant Powder C0n.... 49 75
630 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 26 75
1300 do do 26 87%
100 do do 27 12%
120 do do 27 25
20 Hana Plantation Co 18 37%
5 Market-street Railway 54 25
65 Hutchinson S P Co 58 87%
50 do do b 30 58 87%
50 do do 58 75
5 do do 58 62%
16 do do 58 50
5 Spring Valley Water 99 87%
$1000 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) new 104 75
Street—
$1000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 50
JIOOO do do 113 62%
3SO Vigorit Powder 2 25
invest: BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 27 00
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 75
40 Spring Valley/Water 99 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following ' were the Bales In th« San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
' Morning Session.
200 Andes 13 400 Justice 15
200 Beicher IS W0 Mexican .....20
100..... 16 3'Xt .... 19
100 15 200 Occidental 76
400 Best & Belcher. 23 100 ....75;
200 Bullion 03 1300 Ophlr 45 i
100 Challenge ... 18 too Potosi 19
400 Chollar IS >00 Savage 15
450 Con Cal Va... 63 150 14
50 62 iOO Seg Belcher 04
100 Crown Point .... 15. H00 Sierra Nevada... 71
200. .-.•• 141400 Union Con 19
400 Exchequer 03'>00 Yellow Jacket .. L' 2
100 Gould & Curry... 27J100 21
300 261100 .... .. 20
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta •• 10 1000 Con Imperial ... 01
300 09 500 Exchequer .: 03
500 Andes 10 300 Gould & Curry.. 24
200 ...... 13 400 Mexican 19
300 Belcher 18 300 Ophlr 42
400 Best & Belcher. 24 800 .. 43
700 1...- 25 SOO Potosi 21
9(X) •• 27 300 Savage 15
&00 Challenge Con... 18 300. . ; . ........ 14
<iOO Chollar IS 250 Sierra Nevada... 72
400 19 200 74
200 20 300 75
200 Con Cal & Va... 60 1900 Union Con 19
400 .. 62 100 20
300"" 63 300 Utah .. 08
500 Crown Point .... 15 200 Yellow Jacket... 24
300...... •••• .16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Sept. 10—12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 05 Justice : 14 16
Alta 10 11 Kentuck ...05 06
Andes 13 14 Lady Wash ... — 01
Belcher 19 20 Mexican 19 21
Benton Con ... C 6 — Occidental 77 —
Best & Belcht* 27 29 Ophir 47 49
Bullion 03 04 Overman 06 07
Caledonia 29 30 Potosi 21 22
Chollar... 19 20 Savage 15 16
Challenge Con. 17 19|Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — 50 Seg. Belcher ... 03 04
Con Cal & Va, 63 65 Sierra Nevada. 75 76
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver HIU .... — 15
Crown Point .. 15 16, Syndicate ..... — 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard 150 —
Exchequer ..... 03 04 j Union Con .... 20 21
Gould & Curry. 24 Utah OS 03
Hale & Norcrs. SO 90 j Yellow Jacket. 24 25
Julia 01 02 1
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock.
T.
W.
T.
F.
.Ipha !
lta
.ndes
richer
lest A Belcher
iullion
aledonla
hallenge
hollar
on. Cal. & Va
onfldence
rown Point
iould & Curry
[ale & Norcrosa
ustlce
lexlcan
phir
....
I
....
....
••••'
....
....
....
....
....
....
....
31 31....
6 12!....
7 lOi
15| 21 ',
20i 29....
3 4....
21 26!....
14 17....
16 20|....
44 58....
40 42 ...
16 18....
20 26....
82 90....
13 15....
16 21....
21 30....
4 8....
68 701....
19 24 ....
12 15
3 3 ....
. 50 1 50 ....
64 72....
14 18|....
7 9|....
20 25 ....
10
13
20
2$
3
30
IS
19
63
hi
27
SO
15
20
47
6
77
22
16
4
1 50
76
3
••:•■
....
iverman
ccldental
....
....
oto?l
avage :
eg. Belcher *...
tandard
ierra Nevada.?..'.'....".
nion
....
tah
ellow Jacket |
.-...
"L'RB CAT.T/B CA-LIL'N VAX.
B«ptemb«r, 18W.
Moon's
1
v
"a"
*£ September 7, j
.gs Hew Moon. |
W September 15.
-jt First Qua-ter.
9 September 33.
/J"N Fill- Joni)
\*J September 39.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In Sail Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially I'.ivlted to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). IT. S. X., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11.
Sun riseß 5:48
Sun Bets j-24
Moon rises 1:23 a m
Feet.
8:
9:
• 9:
4:
6:
5:
0.!
l.:
l.
5.0
5.0
5.1
4::
6:1
6::
11:11
11:56
11
11
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column plves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the soundinßs oo the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is 'subtracted from
the depth given hy the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 10, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at &
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), IT. S. N.. In ch.mT''.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Alliance Honolulu Sept. ll
Son Mateo iNanaimo Sept. ll
Mackinaw Tacoma Sept. ll
Wellington Departure Bay Sept. ll
Chllkat Humboldt Sept. l 2
Homer Newport iSept.l2
Willamette Seattle Sept.lJ
Ciarina Seattle Sept. l 2
Santa Rosa San Diego iSept.l4
X-'matllla Victoria & Puget Sound|Sept.l4
State California Portland ISept.l4
NwonjU City... Port Inn* .: (Sept. l 4
Mlneola iTacoma iSept . 14
Slam INanaimo ISept.U
r-repf^nt City 'Crescent City Sept. ls
Bertha IPt. Michael Sept. 15
Orizaba Humboldt Sept. ls
Coos Bay 'Newport ISept.l6
Signal ICJrays Harbor ISept.lfi
Navarro lYaqulna Bay |Sept.i 6
Geo. W. Elder.. (Portland Sept. 17
Arcata JCoos Bay iSept.l7
North Fork JHumboldt lStpt.lß
Startmck Panama I Sept. 18
Corona iSan Diego |Sept.lß
Australia ; Honolulu 'Sept . la
Queen |Vlctorla & Puget Sound .Sept. 19
Pomona (Hmnboldt , iSegt.l9
-.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Destination.
Sails.
Tizaba ....|Humboldt ....|Sept. 11. 10 am Pier '
.rcata iCoos Bay | Sept. 11, 10 am Pier 1
orona iSan Dießo jPept.l2. 11 aniiPler U
ortland ...JSt Michael... jSept. 12, 10 am;S W 4
olumbia . .iPortlanrl Sept. 13. 10 amlPler 24
lengyle . .. |Chlna& Japan Sept. 13, 1 pmjPMSS
I'alla Wall Vie & prt Bd. Sept. 13, 10 am, Pier 9
.lllance ... Oregon Ports. jSept. 13, 9 amiPler 20
tomer ; Newport jSept.l4, 9a. ..Pier 11
hllkat ....iHumboldt ....Sept. 14, 9 amiPler 13
omona ; Humbo!dt I Sept. 16, 10 am) Pier 9
anta Rosa. San Diego 'Sept. Ifi. 11 amiPler 11
tat° of Calil'ortland |S-»pt. 16. 10 amjPler 12
optic China&Japan'Pept. 17. 1 pmiPMSS
oos Bay...jNewport |Sept.lS. 9 am Pier 11
r matil!a ..Vic & Pgt Sd.lSept. 18, 10 am Pier' 9
uracao ....'Mexico Sept. 18, 10 am Pier 11
r avarro ...Yaqulna Bay. Sept. 1R
olon [Panama j Sept. 19 12 m PMSS
. W. Elder; Portland ISept.l'J, 10 am Pier 13
to
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 10.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 60 hours rrom San
Diego.
Stmr Jewell, Madaen, 20 hours from Needle
Rock.
Ship Indians, Verrey. 22 days from Nusha
gak.
Ship Centennial, Petterson, 15 days from Kus
slloff.
Ship Chas E Moody, Leonard, 135 days from
Philadelphia.
Bark Merom, Peterson, 21 days from Nusha
gak.
Schr John G North, Anderson, 27 days from
Honoipu.
Schr Mary E Huss, Asmussen, 3 days from
Eureka.
Schr Challenger, Anderson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 4 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 10.
"Mr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
i^tmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Portland, Lundquist, St Michael;
Alaeka Commercial Company.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 10.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr George W Elder, HinkeL Astoria.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing. Eureka.
Tur Monarch, Tonnerson, Astoria.
Tug Rescue, Thompson, Astoria.
Stmr Alcarzar, Gunderson.
Stmr Creßcent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Point Arena.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Blblera Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 10—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, N\V; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Lord Templeton loads railroad tlea for
Mollendo; Waterloo, wheat and mdse for Liv
erpool.
The Novelty loads lumber on the Columbia
River for Melbourne; Two Brothers, coal at
Departure Bay, for this port; Tordenakjold,
lumber at Victoria, for Shanghai; Earl of Dal
housle, wheat at P-'-tland for Cape Town.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NUSHAGAK— SaiIed Aug 22— Ship Bohemia,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 10— Schr Serena Thay
er, for San Pedro.
USA L— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Reliance, hno
Aug- 30.
Sailed Sept 10— Schr Edward Parke, for Saa
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Bruns
wick, from Eureka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr National
City, hence Sept 6.
REDONDO— SaiIed Sept 10— Schr Corona, for
Seattle.
NEWPORT— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Newburg.
from Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Coquilla
River, for .
Arrived Sept 10 — Schr Peerless, from Tacoma;
schr Alice, from Eureka.
Sailed Sept 10— Brig Tanner for .
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Chilkat,
hence Sept 8.
UPAL— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Ruth, henca
Sej>t 9. 4
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 10— Stm South Coa* , A
hence Sept 9.
BANDON— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Barbara
Hernster, hence Sept 7.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 10— Br ship
Creedmoor, from Shanghai.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 10— Schr Gem, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 10— Schr J G Wall, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 10— Schr Mary Buhne. hence '
Sept 1.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept 10— Stmr
Coouille River, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 9— Schr Alice
Cooke. for Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Arrivo.l Sept 9— Stmr Signal,
hence Sept 4.
Sailed Sept 9— Schr James A Garfield. for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 9— Schr San
Buenaventura, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 9— Schr
Newark, hence Sept 8.
FORKIGNT PORTS.
VANCOT7VER— Sai.ed Sept 10— Br stmr M!o
wera. from Australia.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 10— Br stmr Doric
hence Aug 13.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 4— Br Btmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
LONDON— Sailed Sept B— Br ship Clan Gal
braith, for San Diego.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
@H«H|||jM fal ' S. S. AUSTRALIA
JH3IIIIL taIIb for Honolulu only
•f" a "" w Saturday. September 24,
M  at 2p. m.
On^T LV^ Tne S. S. ALAMEDA
iNiP/iniMi \\]d sails via Honolulu and
CyiWlllJll! r < - / Auckland for Sydney
/OfHE3lZ«* Wednesda >'' October 5.
*■— "r""»M at 2 a. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, v
114 Montgomery st. i I
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco. I
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
I' h^ Steamers leave Broadway *
i EOfcrfc^ wharf, San Frani
i HresSfik. For Alaskan ports, 10 a." m..
||&*«2<2»!lk Sept. 3. S, 13. IS. 23. 28. October
ifc SB(\f*M 3. transfer at Seattle.
Ki»*>iPj&! For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IQB&^ffißl C.) Port Tnwn.«end, Seattle,
r^^^^^HK Tacoma, Everett. Anacorte«
and New Whatcom (Wash), ID
a. m.. Sept. 3. 8, 13. IS. 23 28.
October 3 and every fifth day thereafter. .
transfer at Seattle to this company's teamera
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma . to N.
p t?v at Vancouver to C f. riy. >
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.. Sept.
5 \\. 16. 21? 26, October 1, and every fifth day
tnereaft|r^ Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Calicos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Ga^ota' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme .
Pedro. Ea S t San Pedro (Lo. A«rele.Van4
wss& 9 and ssasss 6 af &>&££ ■■
For «an Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford r (Sa a n Lulf Obis/). Santa Barbara, Port
JT iT 1 " 8 8 nd 12 Re i 6 O . nd 20 0 .. < 2V 8 28^ n Oct e8) 2. "a/*
al TIi;KKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery, '
"rOODALL^RKLVS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
• GOODAbL, ra^ MarKet 8t . t San Francisco. .
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND ▼
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr $12 First Class . Includine Berths
rAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
'state of California Sept. 7, 1«. 25
rlo W Elder ••••• -Sept. 10. 19. 28
roTumbla ••■• —Sept. 13. 22. Oct. 1
S Paul .' «6(«St. Louis .3100 •
vAnsaa City 26 00 Chicago 24 00 .
nmaha • • •26 OOlNew York 31 00
Omana £ C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st. .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
' . ■ Superintendents.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantique. ,
. French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new) 42 North a-^
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <j"arJS
by this , line ; avoid both transit by w*«**a»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing;
the channel ' In < a small boat. New York to .
Alexandria, : Egypt, via, Paris, first class, $140;
second class, $116. ' •
I,A NAVARRE.. Sept. 17. 10 a. nw
LA NORMANDIE..... Sept. 24. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Oct. 1, 10 a. m,
LA T0URA1NE........... Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.........;.... 0ct. 15, 10 a, m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
• ' ■■■ '' No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
■J.F. FCCAZT & C 0... Agents, 5 Montgomery
nvp . San Franrl«ro.
BAY Ai\TD RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJoT^
-Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thure. and 5at.......'..'...' -
9:45 a., m..' 3:15 p. m. 1 (8:30 p. St. ex. Thur».>
Friday 5. ..................1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Bundays -.10:30 a. m. and S p. m.*
. -. Landing and offlces— Mission Dock. Pier J. -^ '
■ : ■ - • Telephone Red 2341.
TAKE TiiE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. it 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO. Clay street Wharf. Fare '75c.
'■•■■ Delightful i Bay I Trip, ' 44 •' miles and ; return. •
Da Suadays, Excursioa, v|l_BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
BINNIE AND
NED IN CUBA.
CHAPTER VIII.
HARRY Ostend Judge correct
ly that the bloodhounds were at
least two miles distant. He
pondered only an instant. Then
he decided that it was impos
sible to get away and escape the at
tack of the hounds at this time; and
that the Spaniards would follow close
upon the heels of the hounds.
"There are as many as three of the
brutes, Binnle." he said quietly.
"They will necessarily come from
the same direction and near together.
We have five or six minutes to make
ready and receive them. Then there
■will be a little longer interval before
the Spaniards will be here. You must
meet the hounds, Binnie, and I will do
what I can to prepare a rough breast
work of loes while you stand guard. If
you need any help I will come to you.
Take my rifle and your own. Give a
good account of yourself. We are in a
tight place, I will not deny that; but
that will be something to talk about
hereafter; now go."
At the word Harry Ostend, who had
marvelous strength, began to make a
breastwork of the fallen branches of
the forest trees, using a thick fragment
of a limb as a sledge to drive stakes
into the soft and yielding ground.
Meanwhile Binnie, taking a position on
a slight knoll, which overlooked the
trail for some distance, that they had
cut through the forest with their ma
chetes, drew up a log as a rest for his
rifles and there awaited the attack of
the ferocious bloodhounds, whose bay-
Ing gave evidence that t'.iey drew
steadily nearer. Another person took
position quietly beside him. It was
Julia.
"Back, girl," commanded Binnie: "the
danger here is too much; think if you
should be torn by the hounds."
"I will stay right here, Binnie," was
the determined answer.
Binnie looked in the girl's eyes and
now thpre reflected courage and dar
fng equal to his own.
"You are a heroine. Julia, if ever
there was one," he said warmly; but I
already know that. Hark, do you not
hear the brutes crashing through the
forest?" •
Blnnie wag not mistaken. The wind
was blowing directly toward the hounds
and their scent guided them. The re
sult was that the hounds did not fol
low thf trail when they drew near, but
took the shortest route, which was
through the thicket.
"Stand firm, Julia," said Binnie,
"and act quickly that we may not be
taken at a disadvantage."
It was now made clear there that
there were three hounds on the trail.
The baying was In three distinct tones.
How fierce it sounded. The hounds
had been employed by the Spaniards to
hunt down Cuban refugees. To make
them eager for the work the brutes
were kept half starved. They were as
dangerous and as savage as tigers
TluMr speed was terrifying: as they
darted forth in search of victims.
The Spanish captain, who had been
bo M-ell tricked by Julia, had released
them from their leashes for this work
and had said grimly as he did so
"The Americans will hnve a busy time
trying to fool these dogs."
Hardly had Birinie cautioned Julia
as to her duty when the throe hounds
dashed, in a murderous pack, through
the undergrowth of the forest, with
terrific leaps, their red mouths Wide
open, showing thHr horrible teeth
They were on Binnie's side of the for-
CRt, and they rushed at him ferocious
ly, each trying to outstrip the other
Their yells made the forest ring with
startling echoes.
Binnie was kneeling", and held one
ready rifle in his iron grasp. His other
ri.-e was not a foot away. A sharp re
port of a rifle was followed by a yelp
of pain. One hound had br>pn hit by
Binnie Not for i. second faltered the
brute, but on he came, limping alon?
with less speed, but as fiercely intent
upon tearing Binnie to pl<->pf> p as bpf ore
The first hound was crowded aside by
one of his companions, a groat animal
as large as a young lioness. Binnie
was ready and fired the r?cond time
What a phot ho mnde. The bullet en
tered squarely into one ey<"> of the
hound and pierced his brain, and befell
dead. The third hound at this paused
but hardly for an inr'int. Binnie drew
a bead on the brute enemy. His rifle
missed fire — missed upt when the sec
onds seemed to be fraught with life
and death.
Bef->re he could rise the hound was
upon him, and its shar*-- teeth were
hurled in the flesh of his right nrm.
Binnie knew, -vhile h** had patted
thro- h many perils, and he had faced
without flinching many dangers, that
Tilt. GK^AT K,^iCl-(timivlSAFPiN Blh^OS Of Yht. Hrt»UHHIMt& Juiii rvj^oci> Wl iri ;>omt QuctK r-i^HtS TO BK£AK UP THE BUMPKIN EXPEDITION.
this was the most critical moment of
his life. Overborne by the great weight
of the hound and the force of its as
sault upon him, he was thrown upon
his back. The hi ute let go its hold
upon his arm sought to seize the
boy by the throat. Binnie threw up his
hands to push the beast away, only to
have them torn and brushed aside.
Surely the brute would fix his deadly
grasp now, and 11 would be over in
another instant. Julia was busy en
gaging the wounded hound and could
not help him. But when was Harry
Ostend ever known to fail in an emer
gency? He saw, with horror, the
hound upon Binnle's prostrate form.
Ostend's pistol wis in his belt, but he
leveled it like a flash. Surely and
swiftly sped his bullet and th" hound
fel' over, mortally wounded, upon Bin
nie's cheat, the weight nearly suffocat
ing him.
Binnie uttered a cry of joy as he
struggled to his feet once more and saw
that Julia was not hurt. Shehart madea
fine shot, not killing but badly crip-
BINNIE AND JULIA FIGHTING OFF THE SPANISH BLOODHOUNDS IN THE FOREST.
pling the third houn<* which lay upon
the ground. With Y'~ machete Binnie
dispatched the brute.
"Hark," he said, "the Spaniards are
near; come away."
When the Spaniards arrived in this
threatening neighborhood they were
surprised, as they peered through the
trees, to see the three dead hounds, and
still more to observe the hastily con
structed breastwork behind which
but keeping out of sight Harry Ostend,
Binnie and Julia were at bay.
What happened next was character
istic of the cruelty of the Spanish sol
diers. They decided not to risk an at
tack upon the sharpshooting Ameri
cans. What then? They would burn
the forest and roast the Americans
Mive No Apache ever conceived
greater cruelty. To think was to
act. Torches of dry wood were applied
to the resinous trees in a dozen differ
ent places, and the branches crackled
into ready flame. High into the air sped
upward the flames, roaring and hiss
ing Close to the ground the dry grass
took flame like tinder and filled the air
with thick, heavy smoke, threatening
suffocation to all persons concealed in
the fire-engirdled area. From limb to
limb the fire leaped, and now tall trees
were like huge faggots, aflame from
the ground to the uttermost twigs.
Closer and closer drew the flames with
an awful roar, to the breastworks,
making deadly headway from all sides.
Mingled with the noises made by the
fire were other sounds, not less fierce.
The exulting Spaniards were cheering;
they were sure that they at last had
their most dangerous enemies trapped,
and waited for the flames to do their
work, standing near to fire upon the
trio if they should make a determined
attempt to escape from this fiery trap.
When Harry Ostend saw the flames
coming in his direction he only said:
"This c-nly forces us to retreat sooner
than I had expected. Never mind; the
Spaniards are so sure that they have
us now that they will not have their
eves open as they usually do when they
are on the watch. That circumstance
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
EDITED
BY
DAVID H. WALKER
will make for us."
"How shall we escape?" asked Binnie
and Julia in the same instant.
"A good engineer never builds a fort
without providing a way to retreat
if it should be necessary to retreat. I
will not mystify you. When I was driv
ing 1 the stakes for this breastwork I
noticed that the ground seemed hollow
over by yonder tree. I dropped a peb
ble in a hole that suddenly developed,
and then listened. I am sure that the
ground is hollow under our feet, and
that we have a — "
"That we have a cave?" interrupted
Binnie, impatiently."
"Yes, a cave, and we will see about it
without delay."
It was remarkable — the confident
manner that Harry Ostend had, when
all seemed lost; but Binnie had learned
to have confident trust in him at all
times and did not doubt him now.
Shielded by the clouds of smoke, the
brave friends were able to ti>il unob
served. They tore down the breast
work and. used the limbs to dig with.
Suddenly the dirt began to slide, and a
mass of soil disappeared below.
"Hurrah, now," said Harry Ostend,
cheerily; "down with you, Binnie, and
explore, while I fix up the damage that
you have done."
Binnie's voice was heard from below
at once: "Ah, this is great; we have a
sure way to escape here if only we can
hide the entrance. Here is a cave, sure
enough."
"Down there, then, Julia," command
ed Harry Ostend, an order that Julia
promptly obeyed.
While Binnie had been below Harry
Ostend had pulled the tree limbs to
the hole in the ground. He now placed
them across the hole and heaped dirt
high above them, leaving, however, a
place large enough for hiß body to
pass through. When his feet struck
the bottom of the subterranean pas
sage he was still able to reach
the limbs above him. A strong pull
drew them over the hole, and the soil
slid in upon them and covered them
completely. The fire, burning off the
limbs of the forest trees, sent down a
mass of flaming debris, which was
heaped over the entrance to the cave,
and so effectually nceale-1 it.
When the Spaniards some time later,
seeking among the still smoldering
ashes, sought evidence of the death of
the Americans, they were unable to
even say definitely where the breast
work hat. been.
"The Americans were burned to
ashes," was the rep which the eager
soldiers of Spain : ade to their com
mander.
In the deep bed of a creek, miles
away, three smoke blackened persons
were moving slowly and cautiously,
without speaking, away from the scene
of the fire. Need I say that these three
were Harry Ostend, Binnie and Ned?
They were shaded fi m prying eyes by
the thick foliaged trees and by
the bushes which fringed the water.
In Harry Ostend's hands was a small
compass. With the aid of this the
party traveled, undeviatingly, in the
direction of the const. Where the
creek b me a brawling torrent, in its
flow toward the ocean, and filled its
banks, forcing the travelers to seek
safer footing above, the trio cautiously
emerged from the darkness to the full
light nf day.
They were upon a hill, and the land
scape below was wide and clearly in
view. They saw a fleet of transport
ships lying off shore, the decks of
which were crowded with soldiers.
Scores of small boats, laden to the edge
with armed mr>n, were coming ashore
from the transports. The hillsides In
all directions teemed with soldiers, and
Harry Ostend clearly saw that the gen
eral advance of the American army
upon the fortifications surrounding
Santiago de Cuba would soon be made.
The sight put elasticity into the steps
of the three friends and they hurried
forward until they were halted by
American soldiers. Uniformed like the
Spanish, Harry Ostend, Binnie and
Julia were regarded with suspicion by
the soldiers. They were marched a
short distance and were again halted,
while a soldier pushed his way through
a thicket and searched for an officer in
hiph rank.
rpon the scene now appeared two
eunbrowned men of commanding mien.
Harry Ostend knew them both at once.
"Colonel Wood," he said, "I have the
honor to report that we have come
through the Spanish lines in these dis
guises; that we have information of
value to furnish; that we are all good
American citizens."
The officer who had been addressed
as Colonel Wood turned to his comrade
in arms and said: "Roosevelt, let me
introduce to you the brave Harry Os
tend."
Harry Ostend was glad to be recog
nized, as he would now have no diffi
culty in carrying out a plan which was
dear to his heart. The reader undoubt
edly knows that Colonel Wood and
Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt, the two
officers who stood before our friends,
led the famous Rough Riders before
Santiago. When Binnie heard their
names and knew who they were his
eyes sparkled.
"I have heard of you before, Binnie,
and through a good friend of yours, an
other brave California boy, your friend
Ned. He is, I may tell you, at work for
Admiral Sampson, and you are already
known by reputation. May I have the
honor, gentlemen," interposed Colonel
Wood, "to attach you to my command."
"I am yours to command," said Har
ry Ostend, who had hoped to be permit
ted to serve with the Rough Riders.
Binnie was overwhelmed at the good
fortune that had befallen him. Julia
alone held back.
'"And what says your boy friend,
Binnie?" asked Colonel Wood.
"He, that is she," aaid Binnie, trying
bard not to laugh, "Is a girl."'
"A girl!" ejaculated both of the offi
cers in surprise.
Harry Ostend briefly told Julia's his
tory to the officers. They were filled
with admiration for her fidelity and her
courage as they listen*- . to the story.
"Colonel," pteade'd Julia, "let me, too,
serve with the Rough Riders."
"Sorry, but that cannot be done," re
sponded Colonel Wood
"Nothing to authorize it in the army
regulations," added Lieutenant Colonel
Roosevelt.
"Couldn't you make a regulation to
fit my case?" asked the girl, archly but
eagerly. "I can shoot and I have been
under fire. Ask Mr. Ostend."
"No, it cannot be done." This was
the verdict reached.
"Very well," said Julia, her face hav
ing a very determined look as she
spoke, "when the fighting begins you
will find me there."
"Then you will "be a mutineer."
"You forget, Colonel Wood, that I
am a member of the army of Cuba
Libre."
As she spoke a bugle upon a distant
hill was blown. The cry was an
swered upon a nearer hill. Other
bugles took up the strain.
"That is the signal for the advance
of the American army, my brave girl,
and it is now too late to send you to
the rear. You shall go on as one of
my staff, if you will, if you think you
are strong enough to face privation
and death."
Julia, with a quick motion, and be
fore she could be prevented, took the
rough right hand of Colonel Wood in
her hands and kissed it.
"I will not disgrace you nor yet the
service," she said, passionately.
And now it was onward all along the
line. Onward to peri's which the
bravest man might shrink from. On
ward, onward, to victory or to death!
D. H. W.
(To be Continued.)
LITTLE QUIPS
AND CRINKLES.
The boy was crying bitterly.
"What's wrong, my son?' the kind
hearted man aeked.
"I d — didn't m-mow the lawn when pa
told me to."
"Ah, and he punished you then, did
he?"
"N— no, not just then. He said he
would — wouldn't have no insurgents
around the plac — place."
"And are you weeping because he
called you an insurgent?"
"N— No. I told him they w— would
always b — be insurgents when they w —
was Sp— Spaniards around tryin 1 to rule
them. That's when it ha-happened."
"Now, Percy, if you're a really good
boy I'll tako you to the circus."
There was a long pause, and then:
"Ma!"
"Yes, Percy?"
"S'pose I'm the best boy I've ever
been, will you leave me there?"— Life.
ROY'S TELEPHONE MESSAGE
BY MAGGIE R. KOTTINGER
SAN JOSE.
'Twas a beautiful pink-lined conch shell
That lay on the shining sand,
But Roy— dear, brown-eyed Royal
Soon held it in his hand.
Ho ran with it to grandma,
And, in his roguish glee.
Displayed his hrilliant treasure,
And said: "See, grandma, seel
"I guoss.it is a telerphone
Of the fishes in the sea.
Just hold to your ear, once, gran'ma,
It hums just like a bee!
"I guess that's why the fishes
That swim down In the deep.
Among the shells and seamoss,
Can all so silent keep.
"Don't you fink, dear gran'ma,
That in every pretty shell
The fishes take a long 'nough peep
To say all they have to tell?
"I'll talk in this, dear gran'ma.
Then throw it in the sea,
And the wave will take to papa
A telerphone from me!"
Then into the shell's depths rosy
This childish message fell:
"Mv own dear soldier papa,
Gran'ma and I are well.
"When you kissed me good-by, papa.
You said to me, "Now Roy,
You must take good care of gran'ma
Till I come back, my boy.'
"I'm taking care of gran'ma;
I play I'm a soldier, too.
Gran'ma enya when I'm big
I'll be a brave man like you.
"But when you come home, papa,
Oh! won't we have some joy:
You with your sword and buttons
And gran'ma and your Roy!"
JACK NORTON'S RIDE.
BY ALMA S. BEMENDERFER,
ANGELS CAMP.
JACK NORTON lived with his
father and mother in a fruit or
chard near Newcastle. It was sit
uated on one of the high hills. The
red, newly "plowed ground was a
pretty setting for the peach trees,
which, seen from a distance, made one
think of a checkerboard so evenly were
they planted. In lieu of spending
money Jack was given peaches to sell
on his own account, which he did by
going along outside of the through
trains which stopped before going over
the Sierra Nevada Mountains into the
desert beyond.
Although there were many engaged
in that business, Jack, at nearly the
close of the season had $6, and every
time he counted that money in his
pocket he wanted to get more. Jack
at once consulted his friend, Tom Mar
tin, taking the money out and arrang
ing it even in piles on some fruit boxes
near the depot.
"Look at that. All saved since the
season began, and I haven't spent one
cent of it. No, sir. I intend to save
An' when my mommer says we may.
Toward niglit, when things get pink and
gray,
An' lonesome, we creep in an sit
An' oat fruit on the stoop, an' it ]
Is ist as good! An' we so gay
In summertime.
till I get $10, then may be I will buy
a pony or put it in the bank."
"I am glad you have saved so
much," said Tom, slowly. "You have
far more than any boy we know, and
some of the boys and girls of our school
told me to ask if you would not give
some money to help buy an album for
the teacher."
"Well," said Jack, angrily; "so that's
what gets for telling he has
money. Want some, do you? No, not
now," jumping up and putting the
money carefully away. Jack ran quick
ly around the corner of the depot and
was just in time to see one of the
trains coming swiftly in. Getting his
peaches, Jack was soon going along
the side of the train. The windows
were open and many a 5-cent piece
dropped into his hat in exchange for a
small basket.
GRANDMOTHER'S BIRTHDAY.
BY ALICE TEBBETTS.
IT was in the year of 1848 when a
boat laden with passengers sailed
into San Francisco harbor. Among
the passengers was a little girl 12
years old. This little girl came from
Boston Her name was Muriel Halifax.
So to make the story short, Muriel
Fletcher as her nage was changed by
marriage, became my grandma. One
day in her old age she told us of her
childhood. . ,
When grandma was a little girl sne
never had any amusement to amount
to anything. Grandma was sitting
cozily on a rustic seat in the garden
when she said. "I will be 62 years old
two weeks from this Friday coming
and I never had a birthday party in my
life "
So May, Jessie and myself said that
on her birthday she should have a
party The girls had planned that
grandma should not know a thing
about the affair until the day should
Weil we waited and waited, and the
day came at last with a bright, sun
THE ALLEY BRIGADE.
By J. G. LYLE.
Over the back yard fence now see
The ragged brigade of "de alley.'
Most have guns,
They're wooden ones.
And some have swords sawed out of
boardß.
But never mind;
You'll seldom find
Heroes like those in "de alley."
Their band consists of old oil cans,
"Oh, Jack!" shouted one boy, stand*
ing way up near the engine. Jacl!
hurried up. "What do you say to get
ting on board and selling in the cars.
There is plenty of time before the
train starts."
So they got on, and were soon going
from car to car, selling faster than
they could make change. Jack was sc
busy and excited that he did not heax
the whistle. The train started before
he noticed. Then he ran through the
aisle, out onto th"c platform and was
about to jump from the swiftly mov
ing train, when he was caught by the
conductor, who was standing there.
"No, no," young man. "That is not
allowed here," and taking firm hold ol
Jack's collar he led him into the car.
"Now take a seat and make yoursell
comfortable. It is useless for you tc
try to jump off and it is dangerous.
"When the next stop is made at a sta
tion I will see you off. Now. aboul
your ticket; who will pay for that?"
"Do I need one?" groaned Jack.
"Yes," said the conductor.
In summertime we ist can play—
My dog an' me — a'most all day
Out doors an' roll roun' In the gTasa
iAn' snap! when hoppergrassers pass
'Ight by our nose an' jumps away.
But some sings pitty, nen I say,
"Stop hoppergrassers if you dassl**
But no, dey nezzer, nezzer stay
In summertime!
"How much will it cost to the next
station?"
"Three dollars."
Jack took half his money and paid
for a ticket. But that was not all.
Some of the passengers, hearing about
his awkward plight, came into the car
to laugh and offer suggestions as to
how to return home.
Finally the station was reached,
where Jack waited four hours to take
the train for Newcastle. He reached
that town with only 30 cents in his
pocket. Half a dozen boys, sitting on
fruit boxes, were there to 'laugh and
welcome him.
"Well, Norton," said Tom Martin, as
he met him later on the way home. "I
am sorry it happened: but haven't you
even 10 cents left for that album?"
Jack handed him his 30 cents.
shiny morning. None of us girls tolft
grandma about the party, as we wished
to surprise her.
May and I led grandma into the par
lor, where the guests were awaiting
grandma's coming.
"Oh! oh! what does all this mean?"
said grandma.
"Your birthday, your birthday," said
May.
"What, a birthday party for me? Oh,
you dear girls. How kind to think of
such an old woman as I. Some day I
may be able to repay you for your
kindness, I hope."
Then we introduced grandma to the
guests.
After a repast we all went into the
garden and had a nice tim- playing
games. Grandma enjoyed herself very
much and said that was one of the hap
piest days of her life.
The next year grandma was dead,
and we all felt sad when the birthday
anniversary came t-i she was not
with us.
Some broken horns,
Some rusty pans!
And when this band begins to play
'Twould scaro the boldest "don"'eway.
But never mind;
You'll seldom find
Heroes like those in "de alley."
When they go marching along th«
street.
Keeping step to the music so sweet.
Scaring everything that they meet,
Suddenly the "cop" appears!
But never mind;
Cops ne'er will find
Heroes like those in "de alley."
3132
To-morrow (Monday) morning our curtains
of the entire front of our huge stores will
be raised on the finest display of fall
novelties we have ever carried. The sur-
prise will be all the greater because no one
will see the goods until 8 a. m. Monday, the
curtains being drawn down on Friday night.
Fenster's Hungarian orchestral concert 10 to 12.
millinery exhibition
The most striking feature of fall millinery will be the effects In velvet; feathers will be large; French term It "extraordinaire": flat-
tened birds much sought for: quills immense; the Angelus wing much In evidence, pointing out and down, not up as before. The Louis
VI (spize) bow Is very fashionable, in colors blue, from delicate lavender to "cornfleur" and extreme darks will be most worn; then
coral pink, castor in all shades of brown, emeralds, ' coquelicot (the brightest of French reds), cerisette, pervenche, are much favored.
The fall millinery will inaugurate a season of velvet, quills and dots. 7 '•;'"
six creations with Parisian chic window.)
exhibit no. 1.
The chapeanx "a la militalre." of black silk velvet, trimmed with Amazon plumes, black chiffon, striped with <£Q£C.OO
self-tone velvet. French chiffon ties edged with ribbon Jm*j
exhibit no. 2,,
Chapeaux "Le Mercure," In black satin and felt; foundation trimmed with large scheule rosette, edged with black
satin ribbon, supported by two cut jet ball ornaments, studded with pearls of amazing dimensions; crowned with a <COfJ 00
flight of Mephisto wings; under-rims finished with rosettes and Jeweled ornamfnts tj> jt*\J
exhibit no. 3.
The "Marie Antoinette" in black silk velvet, garnished with Amazonian plumes; large crushed crown; hat caugrht oft
the face with a plume drooping sylph-like on the hair; finished with silk velvet cerisetta roeette and long, broad, black <CQ|"V 00
satin tie streamers ••• " •••- *V"V <J>OvF :
exhibit no. -4-.
The Parisian creation, "Clrano de Bergerac," on a foundation of Imported white felt, trimmed "a la Vlrot," with rows ■
of black satin ribbon; hat caught up by a bandeau, giving It the roll effect ln front; finished with wings a la pintade; <£Q£fc°O
held on rim by "Louis Seize" bow; finished in back with imported cream roses, garnished with Jeweled ornaments , tJ/^SrCF
exhibit no. 5.
The "La Bergere" (for those favoring the "coiffure a la pompadour" in front and chignon low ln the neck); this hat
is the new "Trianon" shade of geranium, is one mass of folded velvet, trimmed at the side and held in place by a
Paradise bird and chiffon and velvet Louis Seize bow and caught up on the left Bide by the same chic bow. (Cape oa <CQ/V OO
this figure, $20.) '• • •••• «J>OVF
exhibit no. 6.
The Parisian' military creation "a la Xapoleon," a jet foundation turned high off the fac<\ illuminated with bow of silk
stitched velvet "a la Lamballe," imported black mercury wings, with back ornamentations of silk velvet rosettes; QIQ.oO
i_ Jeweled ornaments. (Cape on this figure. $25.) «J>lO
(these hats are displayed with robes on figures in our main window— see dress goods portion of advertisement.)
fall novelties in silk
& wool en dress goods
better^ooT-"^^^^ ln , onr I"*'" W|l "' OW eev^ral exhibits showing what prorrress we have made ln our forward and Bvstematlc noHcv of
better goods— "Good goods, to known as Half's goods." The exhibit shows our rapid evolution. Ijrwaxu dnu B rsiemaiic policy or
figure no. 1.
C yards Black Bayadere Matalasse at fi yard; trimming in spangle and Jet. V EO; liberty chiffon neckwt?ar 75c- with $52^5
chapean= "a la militalre," *25; (see exhibit No. 1 millinery); glovea, $1 50; costume complete °. .. . \?Z'..... ?.'... $O2_
figure no. 2.
6 yards fa<iuin at $1 To. 6 yards silk applique at $2, 4 yards narrower at 7Ec, black ostrich collarette S6, applloue empire $59:22
bow *3. Le Mercure hat J2O, gloves $150, white crushed belt *3; total cost of costume .".„....*/..... .'„.... $59—
figure no. 3. — ;
« yards Gauze Paconne Grenadine, marine and black, at $3, 10 yards lining at 50c: 5H yards of chiffon ruffle trimming
Sio&>Vso K !1o£ n c^^^^^ $66^
and Sacramento, San Jose, Stockton. 937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET, «/«» Petaluma, Salinas and Los Angeles.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
A big deal in hydraulic mining ground,
with promise of important future devel
opments, was one of the mining features
of the week. The old and well known
Boss and McCleary mine at Trinity Cen
ter, Trinity County, which has for two
or three years been the subject of occa
sional reports of its bonding or sale, has
just been transferred to new owners, or
at least the p-eater share of it. The
principal purchasers are Thomas and
Luke McDonald of French Gulch, miners
and capitalists, the former of whom is
a large owner of San Francisco prop
erty. The consideration is reported to
be $40,000.
The property consists of about 1000 acres
of river benches and ancient channels
ADVEBTISKBIEI3TS.
OPENING
FALL 1898
THE
GOLDEN
, GATE
CLOAK asqSUIT
.. HOUSE
The Largest Ex-
clusive Cloak and
Suit Establishment
West OF New York.
PERFECT IN ITS
APPOINTMENT !
Exclusive Styles of
Tailor-Made Suits,
Jackets,
Capes,
Furs,
.•N0ve1tie5........
goTden gate
cloak and
=suithouse=
INCORPORATED,
1230-1232-1234
MARKET STREET.
jb&F * r3 M BHh
rising from the Trinity River at place
named, sixty-five miles west of Redding.
The lowest channel lies 67 feet above the
present river and the highest SOO feet. The
average value of the gravel is good and
the total amount of gold contained has
been estimated by experts at $19,000,000.
During past years a million or more has
been taken out and work on a small
scale has been going on profitably dur
ing recent times. The property has been
waltinc for capital to establish the ooetly
plant and large scale of operations need
ed. This will now be done. The present
water supply of 500 inches, brought eight
miles from Swift Creek and delivered at
200 feet, will be trebled. A new flume
I'laJtuied will cost $15,000. Contracts for
400,000 feet of lumber have been let. New
giants, pipe lines, sluices, etc., and a
gravel elevator for the lower channel are
among the improvements planned. A
large number of men will be employed
and there will be busy Ecenes at Trinity
Center which 1b destined to move one of
these days and see Its overy lot washed
away to bed rock, for the town site is a
good hydraullcking proposition. It is a
common practice there for the loafers to
scoop up a panful of the street when ten
derfeet come along pan it out In the wat
ering trough and dhow by colors what a
rich country that Is.
A new and progressive feature Is noted
In the neighborhood of Oroville. one of
! the moet important regions of the State,
i in which capital is interesting itself in
the problem of working, mainly with
dredgers, large tracts of dry, low-gTade
gravel, as well as the river banks, bars
| juid beds. Of course, prospecting a bed
: of gravel to determine its average rich
, ness at various depths is the first thing
; necessary. Heretofore sinking shafts to
| bed rock has been the method pursued.
j The other day W. H. Mammon and others
I associated with him received at Oroville
I a steam drill, which Is expected to rap
■ idly bore to bed rock a six-inch hole tak
> ing out sufficient gravel for assays at a
j fraction of the Qsual cost. The pfospect
| Ing will be comparatively speedy and
j cheap, and so more prospecting will be
done.
There are a number of new dredger
i projects being got into shape or planned
; along the Feather River, and in a very
I few years this method of gold mining
: will be a big feature of the industry
! along the Feather and elsewhere. Among
| the dredgers now in process of building
| on the Feather are two near Biggs, a few
miles below Orovillle. Their cost will be
i about $20,000 each and each will handle
about 200 yards of material a day. In
many dredger operations now going on
elsewhere the gravel Is worked at a cost
of about 3 cents a cubic yard, or about
I the cost of hydraulic mining under fa
; vorable conditions. If a machine can
: handle enough material very low-grade
| deposits can be profitably worked, and
I there are almost limitless quantities of
; gravel in tills State, averaging a few
I cents a cubic yard in gold, which can
never be worked by the i.ydraullc pro
! cess. The possibility of closely determin
ing the average values of a gravel de
posit, or, in other words, the amount of
gold "in sight, " takes the element of
speculation largely out of the enterpr'so,
I and Bmaller profits are tempting to capi
! t ill .
j One of the new dredgers mentioned is
; being built by J. W. Farris of Sacra
| mento and George F. Ditzler of Biggs
and will be named the "Plutus." Its mas
sive machinery comes from Marion, Ohio
i though it ought to come from San Fran-
I cisco. The other is a San Francisco prod-
I uct and is being bum. by A. S. Cartwright
iof Oakland and the Golden State Iron
Works of this city. Both these dredgers
will use big steam shovels instead of the
; more common chain buckets, each shovel
handling one and one-half cubic yards of
' gravel.
The Anaconda Mining Company has
added a new feature to the staff of men
who care for its great copper operations
at Butte, Mont It has hired a regular
"geologist" in the person of Horace B.
Winchell, who for some years has been
the able assistant of the State Geologist
of Michigan. He receives a fine raise of
salary. Heretofore mining companies have
expected their high-salaried mining en
gineers to attend to their geology.
Butte is just now, by the way, probabfy
the most prosperous mining camp on the
continent, and its own present census of
the year 1903 is about 100,000 population.
THE SAIST FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1898.
Miss Ryan, our millinery buyer, and imported pattern hats just arrived from the East.
Its great copper and silver mines and the
present boom in copper mining are re
sponsible. All the mining companies are
operating at their fullest capacity, hoist
ing 11,000 tons of ore a day. The develop
ment work now being pushed promises a
daily output of 15,000 tons a year hence.
One shaft of the Anaconda Company is
rapidly approaching the depth of 5000
feet planned for it. A story something
like this will be told some day of the
great, now undeveloped copper belt of
Shasta County In this State.
James H. Tibbitts. the mining engineer
of San Francisco and Redding, has been
for some time busy examining gold prop
erties for a Canadian syndicate at the
bead of which is Hon. A. G. Blair,
Canadian Minister of Railways and
Canals. It was for these people that he
experted tho Mountain mine in Sierra
County some weeks ago when he found
his mine samples salted. This syndicate
is considering some mother lode proper
ties. Mr. TlbbiUs is now examining some
Sißklyou County mines for them.
Colonel yon Leight, formerly superin
tendent of the Alameda and Quicksilver
mines, now owns and superintends the
Kellogg- Creek quartz mine In southern
Plumas County. He has fifteen men at
work putting up crushing rolls and a
small cyanide plant to treat the rebellious
ore, which assays high in gold and silver.
A large gasoline engine will furnish the
motive power.
About 500 flasks of quicksilver are being
shipped monthly from the Altoona mine
at Cinnabar. Most of it goes to Caetella
by pack train, but often 200 flasks a
month reach the railroad at Redding by
freighting team.
According to the Mountain Democrat of
Placeryille, Poverty Point, north of that
town, is one of the ricn spots of El Dorado
I County. It says; "Ix)w down on the
I north side of it John Melton is running a
; tunnel 600 feet below the shaft on the old
Jo White mine, which from recent and re
liable tests Is known to be one of the rich
est mines in the county. By going 500 feet
further down and running a tunnel under
the whole group of mines on Poverty
Point, including the Gentle Annie, he can
drain and work them all. That this Is the
ultimate object of his enterprise we are
well assured. While the undertaking is
great, the bonanza In sight is greater."
The Placerville Nugget T?ives briefly an
other of those abandoned mine stories as
follows: "In the Sonnet mine, near the
Riverside, a rich chute of ore has recently
been uncovered. This mine was formerly
worked by Geo. A. Koch & Co., who op
erated it for a few seasons and took out
gold to the value of $7G,000. They lost the
chute and the mine was abandoned.
Messrs. Davis & Lane located it a number
of years ago, have worked persevering] y,
and their efforts have been rewarded with
success. The rock mills from $80 to $100 a
ton and over, the estimated value of eight
tons now on the dump being $800."
Judging from the activity among the
owners and attorneys of the Argonaut
Company It Is making extensive prepa
rations for the trial of its suit against
the Kennedy Company, which is set for
the 15th inst in the Superior Court of
San Andreas, Judge Nicol of Tuolumn*
presiding.— Amador Ledger.
The mines in the vicinity of Angela
Camp, with the exception of the Drake
mine, have closed. During the period the
water will be shut off, five or six hun
dred miners will be thrown out of work.
The mill men are busy making a general
clean-up of plates and batteries. — Cala
veras Prospect.
Burgston & Bigelow are putting in a I
large pump at the Gamblin mine in the
Fairplay uistrict, preparatory to sink
ing 500 feet. The mine is one of the Slug
Gulch group, and is the property of N.
B. Hail. Two shifts of six men will be
put on. — Mountain Democrat.
Within the past few days an exceeding
ly rich strike has been made in the Pla
cerville Gold Bug mine, owned by some
Fresno capitalists and operated by Colo
nel D. H. Jackson. This Is the mine back
of M. Mayer's blacksmith shop. The ore
is very rich — too rich to make any esti
mates on. A panful of it yielded $100 yes
terday. It eimply cannot be estimated.
And all this risrht in the heart of the city
of Placerville.— Placerville Nugget
The steam hoist at the Gwln mine will
be started up about the 15th inst. The
company hopes to drop fully twenty-five
of its forty stamps between now and Oc
tober I.— Amador Republican.
All the mines in the Eureka district now
running by water power wil probably be
closed down after the 15th inst. on ac
count of a desire to repair the line of
ditches and the prevailing scarcity of
L water In Bowman's dam. The mines af
Monday,
tuesday,
Wednesday.
underwear
attractions.
Ladles' Fine Worsted Wool Under- «Cf -00
wear, in colors, gray, black t and tJJ 1
pink; shirts high, high neck, long
sleeves; silk crochet neck, silk front; draw-
ers to match, button on side.
Ladies' Natural Gray All Wool Un-<|*|.oo
derwear; heavy quality; Jersey €J> 1
ribbed; shirt 6 high neck, loni,
sleeve's, crochet neck and silk front; drawers
to match.
■.*••;.■•-.■■■■ V . ■■■;■ ■.. . .• .■ . ::;■■"* ■■' ■■■.■■■
hosiery that
wears well.
Children's Black Cassimere Wool flffp
Hoee; medium heavy weight, nar- JtiitJy*
row ribbed, fine quality, spliced Pair
huels and toes; sue 6 to 9.
Children's Black • Cassimere WcnlOQl/>
Hose; heavy . quality, narrow rlb-OOltv
bed, high spliced heels, double knees Pair
and toes; sizes 6 to 9%. -
Ladles' Black Cassimere Wool Off
Hiw; heavy quality and seamless *iOv
ribbed top, double Merino heels Pair
%nd toes. -
Better grade, fine quality, lightQQl/-»
weight, high spliced heels, ,doubleOO;t^
soles and toes. Par
Still better, German make, cele- PZ(\s*
brattd Hermsdorf dye, heavy qual- OUv
ity. tine gauge, high spliced heels. Pair
double soles and toes.
Children's Natural Gray Union Suits, but-
ton down front and patent pen flap In back,
heavy quality and flevced, crochet Bilk neck
and front.
Size and price— _ 3 and 4. 5 and 6. 7 and 8.
$1.00 $1.10 $1.20
fected will be the Spanish, California and
Mineral Hill— Grass Valley Tidings.
A twenty-stamp mill has be*>n pur
chased by thp Live Oak Mining Company
and will be put up on its quartz mine on
Grizzly Ridge. Seven loads of the ma
chinery has been received at the mine
and seven more loads are yet to come. It
Ik the Intention to put up ten stamps this
fall and the other ton next spring.—Ne
vada City Transcript.
Jack Hunsinger and J. R. Perkins have
commanoed work on the Lone Pine mine,
which has lain idle the past three years.
The water In the shaft will be pumped out,
when development work will begin.—Las
sen Mail.
The Ivanhoe, or the old Wheeler mine,
as It is called, has taken on new life. The
new owners have just added fifteen new
stamps, making its milling capacity twen
ty stamps. The Intention, however, is not
to start the mill until water can be ob
tained. They have started a vertical shaft
—now down about fifty feet— which ha?
been sunk with a whim. A new hoist is
being erected, which will be ready for op
eration Monday.— Amador Ledger.
Charles E. Wren has resigned the
superintendency of the Allison Ranch
mine In Nevada County, owned by
Messrs. Mackay and Flood, and is suc
ceeded by Robert Robinson.
The directors of the Pennsylvania Min
ing Company, after declaring a dividend,
No. 21, of 5 cents per share last week,
ordered a ten-stamp addition to the mill
at Grass Valley.
River bed mining- In the Tuolumne River
is now carried on to better advantage
than ever before a.s the river is so low
A company of Chinamen are credited with
realizing fifty pounds of the yellow metal
in a clean up last week. They are min
ing In the river bed above Jacksonville.—
Tuolumne Independent.
IMPORTANT TO MINERS.
A New Apparatus That Will Revolu-
tionize Hydraulic Mining.
The canal being constructed in front of
the water-pumping works in Golden Gate
Park will be completed within the next
six weeks. It will be 18 feet deep, 450 feet
long and will supply all the water neces
sary for use In the park. It was at first
thought that it would require months of
time to dig the trench, but by the use of
the Krogh dredging pump, a new device
for this character of work and manu
factured by the Krogh Manufacturing
Company, at 9 to 17 Stevenson street, this
city, a great saving in time, labor and
money was made possible. The Krogh
dredging pump is compact and portable.
It Is worth the time of any one interested
In machinery to visit the park and see
the dredger in operation. While only an
eight-inch pump, yet it raises over 12609
cubic feet per hour, and over 25 per cent
of the mixture is sand and gravel. An
idea of the work performed by the
dredger can best be formed when it is
stated that it requires the combined and
untiring efforts of eight men to clear
away the sand and gravel from the dis
charge elulce. In fact, the dredger piles
up the wet sand so fast that at times- it
is necessary to cloße it down in order to
get the sluice cleared. The dredger not
alone carries up sand while in use at the
park, but It has been shown to be par
ticularly adaptable for mining purposes.
Some of the workmen disputed yesterday
as to the suction power of the dredger.
To settle the question a piece of rock as
large as a man's fist was thrown into the
canal. An instant later it was drawn up
and thrown out on the discharge sluice.
The machine Is particularly adapted to
elevating gravel and working hydraulic
monitors by electrical power.
'Ihe dredger Is being operated by the
Pelton water wheel, manufactured by the
Pelton Water Wheel Company, at 121-123
Main street. "The Pelton wheel," said
Engineer H. D. Saville, who is in charge
of the work of constructing the canal,
"Is a most valuable adjunct. It does the
work required with little labor or cost;
In fact, it does more work than a thirty
horse power engine and is easily moved
from place to place. I was looking for a
good motive power," said he, "and after
close investigation I concluded that the
Pelton wheel was what was needed. That
I was correct in that and also the selec
tion of the Krogh dredger has been
shown by the expeditious manner in
which the work so far has been accom
plished. Without them I doubt very much
if we would have more than one-quarter
of the canal excavated at the present
time."
The Peltoa wheel Is a California inven.
Bruck's celebrated Boston Elite orchestral concert 2 to 5.
new veilings- trimmings
' ' " fe Ait ■ '
Veilings are very rich, profusely dotted, and come in an exuberance of new shades and patterns. The "Ensign " a silk-embroidered
veil, with 3%-lnch border, In new blues, blacks and creams ° .<{,-„. a yan
The "Hobson," a silk Brussel? net, embroidered silk spots and edge, with Bilk la.cc border,* in black on cream" with cream edge,
black on cream with black edge, and black, 7oc yard; others in embroiJerel tilk n\f veilings 26c and o."»" yard
New black chenille dotted and plain veilings, in Tuxedo, French net, fishnet ana Brueaels, ranging in price* 'from...
................; . ' '. T 25c to iji.2s a yard
In Trimmings, handsome black silk applique. In mousseline de soie, $1.50 to J?2.00 per yard- narrow corded silk applique 45e to
75c per yard; a very rich assortment of spangled suid beaded all-over nets. In black and colors. $2.10 to S«>.OO per yard;
latest in waist and complete dress sets, 75c to $ '.no set; ostrich feather collarettes. 9ZJSO to $U.O(> each: boas, 32 inches
long, $0.75 to $12.00; 40 inches long. $12.00 to $20.00 each; black cogue feather boas, 36 inches long. 51.50 each; cape
collarettes $5.50 to $«.5O each
ribbons & art £oods
Here's another of fashion's fads, the double-faced, cord-edge satin ribbon is reigning in the circlesof fashion's realm. We offer new'
all-silk ribbon of this style in leading shades— first display on Monday morning at S sharp— No. 5, .full width, lOc-yard; No: 9, 15c-'
No. 16, 20o; No. 22, 25c; No. 40, 30c: No. 80, 40c per yard. See interior display. ; . • . :'/-,
Art Goods— Lndles' and children's hand crochet slippers (made by San Francisco ladles), ribbon bows... ....„ .SI.OO per' pair
Sofa pi'low?. hand embroidered, trimmed with ribbon and silk ruffles; white linen handkerchief, veil and glove cases; also handsome
hand-made satin and silk pincushions, lace and silk trimmed, or' Battenberg centers and hand painted. '
jackets=capes=skirts
Ladles' lk Plush Capes, 20 inches long, 150-inch eweep, Thibet fur trimmed, silk lined, embroidered in braid and beads... $5 00 ud
Ladles' Black Boucle Jackets, cap sleeves, 4-inch collar, silk lined throughout, box front, all sizes '.......„.'.£■; OO un
Ladies* Black Brocade Silk Skirts, latest cut, percallne . lined, velvet bound, deep sweep, novelty effects .....'.:-... *r»JoO un '
Ladles' Black and Blue Serge Skirts, percaline lined, velvet bound, extra-wide sweep, all lengths....' ;.-... ;....'-.. $3.50 ud
All reasonable alterations free of charge by experienced ha,nds in our own workrooms. .... . -;>..? . ,t, t .
(see the six exhibits in our huge main window 8 a. m. Monday.) '-■:■'.
sale of genuine Theo.
Haviland Limogeschina
This week we place on sale the cream of the great $14,000 stock we bought from Cook & Co.' of Kearny street for 45c on the dollar.
Genuine Haviland ware; urns, vaees, puff-boxes, trinket boxes, trays, platters, frames, easels, pin trays fcr decorative purposes; high
quality for firing. To connoisseurs we offer for the dining-room bread and butter, dessert, breakfast and soup and half-ehell oyster
plates, soup tureeiis, vegetable dishes, cream pitchers, sugar bowls, tea and coffee cups and saucers, after-dinner coffees, individual
butter, pickle and olive dishes, etc., etc.
new lace curtains
' . ■' ' ■■ - ' ' .„ •i>*'::. 'V '■"■' ■ ' • ' - ' ■ ■ .'?•'..-.-'■. V:-. •■ .'■;,"
"Point de Calale." In white and ecru, 3H yards long, EO inches wide. imported. 96.50, $S.OO anil $10.00 per pair
"New Point de Rose," in American novelty weave, 3% yards long, 60 inches wide, In white only $7.50 per pair
I . "Point de Calais" and Brussels Curtain Net, in white only, 80 Inches wide...... 40c to 70c per yard
tion, and of all of the coast inventions
none approach#it in value and importance
in their relation to the mining and manu
facturing interests of the country. It
has found its way into all parts of the
world, orders being received from Japan,
India, the Strait Settlements, Central and
South America and Australia, •
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN.
Division Headquarters Waiting for
the Commander-in-Chief to Move
as to Reorganization.
At division headquarters the reply to
the question, "What Eteps are being taken
to reorganize the National Guard?" is,
"We are waiting for Governor Budd, the
Commander-in-chief, to move in the mat
ter, that and nothing more."
As the commander-in-chief is not yet
ready to move in the matter, all affairs of
the guard remain as they have been for
the past two months. No one seems to
know when anything will be done.
Colonel Frank H. Powers of the Cali
fornia University (retired), who had been
detailed as aid on the staff of the com
mander-in-chief, has been relieved from
that duty.
Colonel W. E. Hopkins, surgeon general,
Colonel Gallwey and Colonel W. R. Smed
berg have been appointed a board to ex
amine into the merits of the Merriam
field pack as a proper equipment for sol
diers in active service. The board is to
examine into this with a view, if the re
port is favorable, to adopt it for the Na
tional Guard of the State in case the
guard, when it is re-established, should be
called into active service.
What therv remains in this city of the
National Guard, rank and file. Is taking
an active interest In the movement to get
up a testimonial for the benefit of the
widow of brave Captain Reinhold Rich
ter, who fell before Manila.
The United States naval recruiting office
has called upon the naval militia at this
port for an apothecary, machinists, fire
men and seamen to enlist in the United
States navy for the , purpose of sending
such to Dewey at Majiila. The matter
will be laid before the men who were re
cently dismissed from the auxiliary navy.
Captain L. H. Turner, who commanded
the Iroquois of the auxiliary navy, has
returned to this city, and is now engaged
in the business he followed before he en
listed. He has not yet announced If he
will return to his former command in the
militia.
All the men who were mustered out of
the naval militia were under the impres
sion that they were to come under the
provisions granting all volunters a year's
leave of absence, but they discovered
their mistake a few days since, w..en they
were ordered to return to their respective
commands without delay. If they do not
within a specified time do so they will be
discharged from the service of the State.
Last Tuesday night a large number of
the men who were discharged from the
auxiliary navy met on board of the
Marion and had high jinks. They made
merry, and the veterans of the auxiliary
told of their adventures while in the serv
ice of Uncle Sam. and how it feels to be
mustered out with only a few cents to
your credit, or being in debt to the Gov
ernment.
To-Day's Music at the .tfark.
part i.
Overture, "Mlrella" Gounod
"Popular Melodies" Braham
With xylophone solo by D. Wi Wright.
Concert mazourka, "Entre Nous" Preufer
Dedicated to Miss F. Kingaford.
Song, "Spring" Mendelssohn
Selection, "1 Lombardl" Verdi
par? ir.
Introduction from the opera "Cavalleria
RuHticana" Mascagni
With horn a»lo by Jtr. E. Schlott.
Flute solo, grand fantasia, "Le Tremolo"..
Demersseman
Performed by Mr. A. Rodeman.
International hymn, "Unity"
James Hamilton Howe
Mosaic from "Robin Hood" De Koven
March, "MarKery" Daniels
Sutro Deed for a Street.
Attorney Charles F. Weller filed two
deeds Saturday with the Supervisors'
clerk, for property deeded by Adolph
Sutro and Emily F. Pope to the city for
the purpose of cutting a street from
Clarendon avenue to Cole street. parallel-
Ing Seventeenth, In the San Miguel tract.
The deeds were executed on February 20,
To-morrow (Monday) we throw open our
doors at 8 a. m. for fall opening in all de-
partments — better goods than Hale's have
ever displayed — a more extensive variety,
more complete — the results of months .of
careful Eastern and European buying. We
offer "good goods" at close profits. Grand
concert both morning and afternoon.
CATS AND DOGS
DONE TO DEATH
POISON AND ACID USED ON
HAVES VALLEY PETS.
An Ag-ed Woman Suspected of Shock
ing Cruelty to Her Neigh
bor's Animals.
For several days the officers of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals have been investigating" a num
ber of cases of shocking cruelty to ani
mals in Hayes Valley. Half a dozen
valuable dogs have been poisoned to death
and as many cats have had their eyes de
stroyed by acids. Among those who have
lost valuable canines are M. Greer Kid
der of 123 Oak street, whose fine Irish
setter was killed with poison. James
Dockum of 128 Oak street is also the loser
of a dog in the same way. Francis Hagan
of 121 1 - Oak street, and four others on
the block below, are mourning the loss
of their pets. In fact the slaughter of
these animals assumed a wholesale nature
that caused consternation among all in
the valley who have these faithful beasts
for pets and to guard their property.
About the time the dogs were killed the
cats in the neighborhood were shockingly
mutilated. Mrs. M. Dowell of 111 Oak
street owned two valuable felines, and
one night she was awakened by their
cries, which were pitiful in the extreme.
She opened the door and the two poor
brutes staggered in, their eyes burned by
some kind of acid. The next day found
them sightless. Mrs. Clark of 109 Oak
street had a similar experience. Her fav
orite cat came home so badly burned that
the skin came off. and the cat died soon
after. Officer Walton, of the society,
made a careful investigation and found
that the suspicions of all who had lost
animals and the people in general in the
neighborhood were directed to an old
woman who was said to have an aversion
for such pets. Their suspicions were
based upon complaints recently made by
her to the police and others that the
barking of the dogs and the noise made
by the cats disturbed her so that she
could not sleep. Several days before the
poisoning and acid throwing began Mrs.
Green, of 117 Oak street, requested the
police officer on the beat to stop the dis
turbance.
Officer Walton found a number of peo
ple who had heard her say that if the
nuisance was not stopped she would use
poison. One of these is Mrs. Wightman,
of 24 Lily avenue, upon whom Mrs. Green
called with the request that she take care
of her cats or they would be poisoned.
Officer Walton visited Mrs. Green, who is
between 65 and 70 years of age, but she
denied that she had poisoned the dogs or
thrown nclcl on the oats.
RETURN OF LONGSTREET.
The Ex-Confederate Leader Con
cludes His Inspection of the
Northern Railroads.
Major General James B. Longstreet. the
famous ex-Confederate leader and lately
appointed United States Commissioner of
Railroads, reached this city early yester
day morning on the Oregon special nnd
left for Del Monte in the afternoon for a
three days' stay. The aged Commissioner
was accompanied by his wife, Colonel and
Mrs. C. C. Sanders, Miss Mortial Sanders,
Mrs. M. A. Sandors and Mrs. J. H. Hurt,
all from Gainesville, Ga., his native State.
Before leaving for the train the general
said that he was enjoying the best of
health, due to the active work in which he
was engaged. When asked about Tils im
pressions of the various land grant rail
roads that he has inspected, the distin
guished visitor replied that anything said
upon the subject would be uninteresting
to the public. He did say, however, that
the Central Pacific Railroad from Ogden
to this city was well organized and in
fine working order.
The general is delighted with this State
and intends returning next year for a pro
longed visit if conditions are favorable.
He also found Washington and Oregon to
be interesting States, but did not think
the run from Salt Lake to this State
cheerful. He admits having taken copious
notes with a view to using them in hl3
report, which he says must be in Wash
ington by the Ist of October.
, Engineer Curtis of the Southern Pacific
Company will accompany the Commis
sioner to Monterey and point out the in
teresting spots along the line. The party
will return to this city on Tuesday and
leave for Washington via the Southern
route. If time will permit it is the inten
tion to visit the City of Mexico before re
turning.
Actor Sydney Drew Sued.
An attachment sut was brought
in the Justices' Courts yesterday against
Sydney Drew, the well-known actor now
doing a turn at the Alhambra. on a ISO
note, alleged to ha->-e beer executed by
him in favor of Walter Morosco in INO2.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| M THE CREDIT HOUSE" \-
Six Stories High
: Metal beds are esteemed -. '
for their healthfulness, ".
beauty and . durability. •.
Full size enameled beds,
' : heavy posts, brass top
rails, knobs and spindles:
bow foot board... $6,50 ■ ;
Full size Baby Buggy, with hood; V
in fancy cretonne; steel Wheels; strap \:
to keep baby in, brake to keep biigey
in check... • • *>-«> • .
Three-piece parlor set, polished ma-
hogany finish. Sofa, arm chair and
reception chair; carved frame back;
well upholstered in damr.sk ...$15,00 •.
Solid oak cane seat rocker-for com-
fort in sewing room or nursery. ;s/.00 .
CARPCT DCPABTMCNT •
Carpets enough to cover the floors
of California. Every good grade,'
lof California. i Every good grade,
from economy to sumptuousr/ &
. Fall stock has many new patterns
and colorings.
Art squares-both sides can be used
9x9 feet ...'■- .'■'•■- $2.75
9xlo} feet • ■ 3.25
9x12 feet : - - 3.75 t
Free delivery. Oakland, A'atneSa. Eerkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO,
233'235>237 Post Street
\ Open evenings ;; ' Near Stockton
NO PAINI NO PAIN!
- -r/Btfei ' Lowest Prices in the City I
(|43j^^^k GUARANTEED.
3K§3 4 TEETH WITHOUT
jgSga j»jifJ PLATES A SPECIALTY.
■Xj : ' •','■, j j^J tractlng frec.ipiljJO.up
' 2rss&' Gold Crowns - 221 > •
'jfofc A^*^"jjf^^ Fillings 25c up
'^^^^^M ELECTRO-DENTAL
TS^.v^-ijf f/F Suite 7, Flood Bulldina-
:- ■■ '; ': r' 7^ ' '' T- 809 MARKET ST.
Orflce Hrs.— a.m. to 10 p.m.'; Sun., 9 to 2 p.m.