VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 44.
GERMANS CALLED DOWN
BY REAR ADMIRAL DEWEY
FEVER HAS
FORCED THE
FIGHTING
Dread Disease Prevents
Further Delay at
Santiago.
flrmy and Naval Forces Ordered
to "Tak.e" the City if Not Sur
rendered by Noon To-day.
Copyrighted, 1898. by th« Associated Press.
PLAYA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo Bay, July 13.— Ma-
General Miles to-day assumed command of the army
around Santiago, and the future movements of the United
es troops will be directed by him in person.
The armistice which had been declared, pending nego
tiations for the surrender of the Spanish forces, will expire at
noon to-morrow, and unless the demands of the Americans
are acceded to by that time, a general attack will be made,
the fleet bombarding the city from outside the harbor. It is
believed, however, that to-morrow morning — and perhaps
before thru — a white rlag will be flying from the fortifica
tions.
The terms of surrender insisted upon by the American
commander take in not only the beleaguered Spaniards in
dago, but the whole province of Santiago de Cuba, in
ing the garrisons at Manzanillo, Ilolguin, Guantanamo
I ierraco.
The United States, on its part, agrees to send the Span
ish troops back to Spain and to allow their officers their
?*i<le arms. Xo other concessions will be granted.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: It is unconditional surrender
or battle to a finish to begin at noon
to-morrow. At last the climax In the
):illltary situation of Santiago haa
come.
"Yellow Jack" has forced It. This
dreaded disease has bo aggravated an
already ugly condition that the au
thorities in Washington have felt con
strained to give peremptory orders to
i ur military and naval commanders at
Santiago that there shall be no more
dickering for peace or delay under
cover of a (lag of truce after the hour
mentioned.
These dispatches made public by the
War Department this afternoon crive
thf» status of affairs at Santiago up to
a Into houi this afternoon:
-HEADQUARTBRB NEAR RAN
TTA'i". July 13.— Adjutant General,
Washington. D. C. : Tour telegram say
ing no modification of orders allowed
Just received. Have had an Interview
a hour and a half with General
Toral, and have extended ' :ce until'
to-roorro\r. Tnld him that his
Burrender only.would be considered and
that he was without hope of escape and
had no right to continue th'j fiprht. I
think it made a strong Impression on
him and hope for his surrender. If he
refuses I will open on him at 12 noon
to-morrow with every gun I have and
■will have the assistance of the navy
X'essels, which are ready to bombard
the city with thtrteen-inch shells.
"SHAFTEK."
"PLATA DEL ESTE. July 13.—Secre
tary of War: At a. meeting between
the lines at which General Shatter and
General Wheeler and the Spanish gen
eral. Toral. were present, the latter
claimed that ho is unable to act with
out authority of his Government, but
has received authority to withdraw and
surrender the harbor, forts, munitions
of war and the eastern portion of Cuba.
He urgently request! until to-morrow
noon to receive an answer from his
Government regarding the offer of our
Government to send his forces to Spain,
which was granted.
"MILES. Major General Commanding:."
On the bulletin giving General Miles'
dispatch was written underneath the
following:
"Permission to withdraw was de
clined by the War Department.
"R. A. R."
These dispatches. Important as they
ere. give only the military side. Other
messages showing that yellow fever
has broken out among the troops,
which have not be* n made public in
detail, add n still gloomier chapter to
the story Of in- day ami have so alarm
ed tho President nnd his official advis
ers that orders of a most positive char
acter have gone to the commanders be
fore Santiago, which admit of no fur
ther delay than afternoon to-morrow
In taking Santiago.
The San Francisco Call
The authorities have almost ceased to
hope for the unconditional surrender of
the Spanish troops until forced to do
so by shot and shell.
At this hour, as far as heard from, it
rests with the Madrid authorities as to
whether General Toral will surrender
before noon to-morrow. The breaking
out of yellow fevr among our troops,
will, it is feared, encourage Spain to
refuse in the hope of prolonging the in
evitable.
The messages sent to General Shafter
| and General Miles to-day have not
been made public The only official
statement given out in connection with
| th* dispatch from General Miles is that
"permission to withdraw has been de
clined by the War Department." It is
i known, however, that as a result of
; deliberations in the special Cabinet
meeting, which lasted for two hours
to-day, important dispatches were sent
to military and naval commanders at
Santiago, both In relation to the mili
tary operations and the handling of
yellow fever cases.
In referring to that feature of Gen
: eral Miles' dispatch in reference to an
offer of our Government to send the
Spanish forces back to Spain. Secretary
Alger said this evening that It had been
determined if General Toral surrend
| prod unconditionally without further
I fighting the Spanish troops would be
sent back to Spain. But the Secretary
says if this Is done they must go back
to Spain as prisoners of war and that
nothing short of unconditional sur
render at noon to-morrow will prevent
the joint attack of both the army and
I navy, which will be waged unceasingly
I until Santiago has fallen. The proposi"
i tionto send the Spanish prisoners back
| to Spain does not necessarily mean a
| conditional surrender, the Secretary
| says, but it Is only what the adminis
tration proposes to do voluntarily after
the surrender occurs.
THE TROOPS WILL
ENCIRCLE THE CITY
WITH THE T'NITED STATES
SQUADRON, off Santiago de Cuba (via
Playa del Este. July 13.)— The cruisers
Yale and Columbia, loaded with tmops.
steamed close inshore near Aguadores
this afternoon. At the same time the
New York, Brooklyn. Oregon. Massa
chusetts and Indiana were stripped for
action. The GJoncogtor and Tosemite
ran under the bluff as if to cover the
landing of troops. After maneuvering
for two hours the Yale and Columbia
returned to anchorage off Siboney. Tt
appears that the plan for landing' the
troops miscarried owing to the failure
of the army to give the signal agreed
upon. Another effort will be made to
morrow.
The fleet will probably bombard the
outer forts of Santiago simultaneously
with the landing of troops alon~ the
be.eh In a combined movement with
the nrmy. The Cubans are now closing
in on Santiago to the westward of
Morro. Therefore the landing of troops
at Aguadores will completely encircle
the city, rendering the escape of the
Spaniards impossible. t
SA^s FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
REOR ADMIRAL GEORGE DEWEY, U. S. N.
(From a photograph tGKeo a year ago wrjer) h)e was a roember of the
Lighthouse Board.)
THE DEWEY WAY OF DOING THINGS.
This Picture Sh)ows tbe United States Ships Raleigh and Concord in the Act of Spelling Grande Island, Subig Bay,
Forty Miles Above Manila, With the German Warship Irene, Wtych Had Been Attempting Interference, Leaving
the Bay on the Ottyer Side.
PROMPTLY
CHECKS ALL
MEDDLING
Cruiser Irer>e iQtervenes
at tt)e Isla de
Grande.
The F^aleigb ar)d Concord Tfyen
TaKe a Hand and tf}e Raiser's
Ship Retires.
Special eabl« to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
MANILA, July 9, via Hong
kong", July 13. — General Aguin
aldo on July 6 sent an armed
steamer to Isla de Grande in Su
big Bay to capture the island,
whereupon the German cruiser
Irene intervened. That was re
ported to Rear Admiral Dewey,
who sent the Raleigh and Con
cord with orders to take the isl
and and hand it over to the insur
gents.
The Raleigh fired several shots.
One six-inch shell hit the com
mandant's house, causing a white
Hag to be raised. Four hundred
Spaniards with arms, ioo who are
ill, ioo women and 400,000
rounds of ammunition were
handed over to Aguinaldo. These
soldiers were driven over to the
mainland by the insurgents.
When the American ships ap
peared in the bay the German
cruiser Irene slipped her cable
and sailed into Marivels. Five
German warships continue to cir
culate around the bay, keeping
two colliers at Marivels Bay.
Whatever may be the German
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
policy all the reports from Ma
nila agree that the Spaniards
have been greatly encouraged to
fight by the presence and actions
of the German squadron.
Aguinaldo has admitted that the Ger
mans and Spaniards made certain over
tures to him. The German warships
have taken a priest from Subig and the
Spanish sick from Olongapop to
Manila.
The situation otherwise is unchanged.
Admiral Dewey has been engaged in
putting his ships in complete order to
fight the Spanish reserve squadron.
General Anderson i? \ takinr* his ;. • men
ashore and organizing them for ac
tive service as soon a.» the taking of
the city is desirable. The Spanish
steamer Filiqua, a fine merchant craft
of 1500 tons, was captured by the rebels.
General Aguinaldo announces he has
captured all the remaining Spanish
troops outside of Manila, numbering
3000. This is probably an exaggeration.
General Anderson a few days ago had
a lone: talk with Agriiinaldo. who asked,
him whether the United States intend
ed to assume the rights of sovereignty
over the Philippines. General Ander
son replied that he had no authority to
speak for the Government, but that xve
have been an independent nation for
122 years without having sought to ac
quire new colonies. General Aguin
aldo said he did not believe the United
States had such an intention. He had
read the constitution of the United
States carefully and could not find in
it a provision for colonial possessions.
He did not fear that we would occupy
the islands permanently.
The Austrian corvette Trundsberg
entered the bay last Wednesday and2
CENSORED YET QUITE PITh|Y
itEW YORK, July 13. — Mr. Davis' dispatch was considerably muti
lated by military blue pencils before it reached the Herald office. The
following is all that the censor left of it:
WITH THE ARMY BEFORE SANTIAGO, via Playa del Este, July
12. — The arrival of the artillery', combined with the coming of General
Miles, has caused great rejoicing. In spite of the disma.l effect of a
hurricane every one knows that under General Miles, in the words of
OeWolf Hopper, there will be "less etiquette and more hustle"; that
there will be fewer processions of the white flag to ask how the ene
my feels now, and more shrapnel and bullets. General Miles' arrival
gives a new aspect to the situation. A feeling of certainty obtains
that there will be an end to all this long delay and message exchang
ing. As one of the Rough Rider cowboys said and gained the approval
of five miles of soldiers for saying it: "We have got those Mexicans
corralled now, why in hell * on't we brand them?"
K-rmt to anchorage off Manila without
saluting Admiral Dewey's finer, but
came down the next morning and
Baluted In due form.
The insurgents reported yesterday
(July 8) their intention of concentrat
ing troops for an assault upon Manila
July 12. The story cornea from head
quarters, but AguinaUlo is reticent.
American officers are inclined to credit
the report.
General Anderson has demanded the
quarters in Cavite occupied by Aguln
aldo's prisoners fur tht: use of the sec
ond expeditionary force from America.
The prisoners will be taken outside the
lines.
Native women who came through the
lines from Manila on July 7 said they
h. 1 b( en tortured by tho Spaniards
bpcause they would not give Informa
tion "f the strength of the American
forces.
There are no outward and visible
signs of alarm in Manila itself over
the arrival of V American transports.
The Spanish papers have a
Btatement that the Baltimore had
been towed to Hongkong for repairs.
The capture of General Monet's
troops had a very depressing effect on
the Spanish contingent. Monet's forces
are now living in peace and good will
with the natives of Bulacan village,
and I presume intend to support the
cause of Philippine independence.
It is reported that Monet's flight was
so precipitate that he left behind him
"') ho had acquired during the last
few months. The corrupt raising of
this sum caused a general rising in
Pampango Province, whose inhabitants
previously refused to rebel.
-\ few nijghts ago ISO native militia in
the trenches deserted. The Spanish
soldiers opened fire on the deserters
with B-centimeter field pieces and rifles.
The rebels, from their trenches, thought
the deserters were Spanish troops at
tacking in force, and they also opened
fire. Only five of the deserters reached
the rtbel ranks. Legarda, Aguinaldo's
tary, came to Manila with a flag
of truce on July 7. He visited Captain
General August!. A half hour's audi
ence was held behind closed doors.
When Legarda reappeared the Gov
ernor General accompanied him and
said at the door in Spanish: "You may
tell your chief, Aguinaldo, to go to the
devil."
He said Legarda had presented an
ultimatum, giving the Spaniards twelve
days to surrender. The defenses of the
city are being strengthened by sai:d
bags and trees. The crews of the
American ships and the American
troops are well.
WILL FOLLOW UP
THE ADVANTAGE
NEW YORK, July. 13.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The administration is preparing to fol
low up the advantage gained by Rear
Admiral Dewey in successfully repell
ing what was probably the Initiative
Ft-p in German interference in the
Philippines.
It wants definite knowledge of the
exact position of the Berlin Govern
ment with reference to the Philippine
question, and t..e effort by the German
warship Irene to prevent the operations
of Insurgents against the Spanish
forces at Subig Bay will in all proba
bility be the lever employed to pry into
Emperor William's confidence. A copy
of Rear Admiral Dewey's dispatch re
lating to the Irene's strange behavicr
was laid before the President to-day by
Secretary Long, and Secretary Day,
who was subsequently acquainted with
its contents, took part In the discus
sion which followed. This is Rear Ad
miral Dewey's message:
"AguinaJdo informs me that his
troops have taken all of Subig Bay
ports except Isla Grande, which he was
prevented from taking by the German
man-of-war Irene. On July 7 the Ra
le! i:h and Concord went there. They
took the island and about 1300 men with
arms and ammunition. Xo resistance.
Tli - Irene retired from the bay on their
arrival. I shall send the Boston tc
Cape Enguano about July 16 to secure
another detachment. It is not practi
cable to send to Guam. No troop ves
sels available. DEWEY."
As a result of the discussion which
followed the receipt of the dispatch
then- la a .strong probability that the
Berlin Government will be officially in
formed of the incident, with a view to
obtaining from it an explanation "of
the peculiar conduct of the German
commander.
Germany has been well aware that
the United States did not look with
favor upon the assembling of such a
strong squadron as she now has lo
cated in the Philippines, although no
formal protest has been made and it is
not proposed officially to call attention
to this matter.
The authorities with whom I talked
to-day admitted that the retention of
five German warships in the waters of
the Philippines is must irritating.
"The Irene incident," continued one
of these gentlemen, "is an indication
of Germany's intention. Sublg Bay is
a magnificent harbor Just to the north
war.! of Manila Bay. You will recall
that Rear Admiral Dewey expected to
find Montejo's ships at that point and
explored the bay before proceeding to
Manila. Its possession would be wel
comed by the German Government. I
have an idea that the squadron is act-
Ing under no direct orders from Berlin,
but the comniandt-rs of vessels under
stand the desire of their Government
to^extend its colonial possessions.
"Had Rear Admiral Dewey not acted
as promptly and as properly as he did
I have no doubt that the Germans
would have considered the procedure
of the Irene as a precedent upon which
to base further action. To a certain
extent the insurgents are allies of the
United States.
"There has been no agreement be
tween Rear Admiral Dewey and the
Insurgents, and the American com
mander has so scrupulously observed
the proprieties that the natives can
not claim that they have been recog
nized either as allies or as belligerents.
But they have common cause with the
American forces in that they are fight
ing the same enemy, and it Is therefore
incumbent upon the UDited States to
KICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
see that their operations are not pre
vented in any way."
Among naval officers the belief pre
vails that the Germans will get more
significance out of Rear Admiral
Dewey's action in Binding a force suf
ficient to destroy the Irene than from
any diplomatic explanations that may
be demanded.
Upon the arrival of the monitors
Monterey and Monadnock at Manila
Rear Admiral Dewey will be in a posi
tion where he can resent any inter
ference on the part of Germany and
defeat the latter if it should precipitate
war. While the authorities will prob
ably not admit it. there is reason to be
lieve that the addition of the two
monitors to the fleet is intended to im
press Germany with the naval force of
this Government, and no doubt Is felt
by the officials that it will have the de
sired effect.
Some concern is felt by the officials
respecting-the t are of the 1300 men cap
tured by the Raleigh and Concord It
is presumed that they will be lodged at
Cavite and guarded by the American
troops. They will most certainly not
be turned over to the insurgent?. The
feeding of this number of men will t,e
a problem which Rear Admiral Dewey
will have to solve, but he reported the
arrival of a ship chartered in Aus
tralia with large sn--M?s of fresh meat
vegetables and coal, and this will keep
his fleet supplied for sonv* time to
come, while the prisoners will probably
be fed on ship's stores and food which
the army carried with it to Manila
GERMAN SHIPS
DOING RASH THINGS
LONDON, July 14.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
General Aguinaldo declares that both
the Spanish and Germans have made
overtures to him, though he declines to
divulge their import. United States
Consul Wildman asserts that Admiral
Dewey could compel the sur
render of Manila to-morrow if
he desired. He says his dis
patches show that the Germans con
tinue to interfere, their action causing
much anxiety and it is said they are
assisting the Spaniards by landing flour
and other supplies, and, moreover, that
the German officers have been seen in
the Spanish trenches.
The Germans have not been careful
to observe the naval courtesies requir
ed by the situation. They have given
Admiral Dewey much annoyance by
insisting on sending their boats around
the bay after dark.
At the same time the German ad
miral informed AdmiraJ Dewey that he
had no intention of giving offense to
America and that his movements are
not to be construed as an 3' demonstra
tion of ill will. Admiral Dewey is said
to have replied: "Perhaps it would be
better If matters were irtanaged a little
differently."
The German ships have done and are
still doing rash and impertinent things,
like the Irene incident. The Americans
hope the Spaniards will continue their
waste of ammunition in fighting the
rebels and to surrender Manila without
bloodshed.
Admiral Dewey, on report that the
German fleet was landing, large quan
tities of rice and flour for the Span
iards, decided to be more strict and
has put a pin ace at the end of the
jetty to overhaul all launches going or
coming.
MANILA NOW IN A
FEARFUL CONDITION
LONDON, July 13.— The special cor
respondent of the Times at Cavite
writes as follows, under date of July 10,
via Hongkong:
"I arrived here on July 7. Admiral
Dewey and General Anderson received
me cordially and gave me quarters with
the officers of the Fourteenth Regular
Infantry. The American troops are a
fine-looking body of men, but the dis
cipline is easy and not at all compar
able to that of an English volunteer
corps. Their clothing is heavy for a
warm climate, and I fear the men will
suffer from heat should field operations
be necessary for the capture of Manila.
There are about 160 cases in the hos
pital, chiefly complaints caused by eat
ing fruit or drinking unfiltered water.
"A steamer arrived on the 9th from
Australia with 3000 frozen carcasses for
the American forces. The condition of
Manila is said to be terrible. It is hoped
the town will surrender without neces
sitating bombardment, but the Spanish
authorities are obstinate and a capitu
lation is not likely. The whole Ameri
can expedition is expected here by July
30. Admiral Dewey, whose attitude has
been particularly humane and lenient,
has now declared a complete blockade!
Yesterday he sent away the British
steamer Esmeralda, which wished to
take passengers for Hongkong. The
conduct of the Germans still causes
grave suspicions."
GERMANY WILL TAKE
THE LEAD AGAINST US
NEW YORK, July 13.— A World's
Madrid special says: Germany posi
tively has given to Spain assurance
! that she will take the lead among the
European powers in exercising pres
sure to maintain Spanish rule In the
Philippines and in restricting- America
to a coaling station on Ponape Island
In the Caroline group. It Is argued in
Spain, contrary to the fact, that Ger
many's commercial interests In the
i Philippines are so Important as to jus
j tify ler in Interfering with the Ameri
can plans at Manila.
DUBOSC AND CARRANZA
SNEAK AWAY DISGUSTED
Aided by False Whiskers They Sail
From Montreal on a Dominion
Line Steamer.
MONTREAL, July 13.— Messrs. Du
bosc and Carranza sailed to-day on the
Dominion line steamer Ottoman. With
them went a petty officer and two sail
ors of the steamer Panama, captured
at the beginning of the war. These
are the men who accompanied Lieuten
ant Carranza on a schooner on his re
cent mysterious trip. Carranza has
his beard shaved off and went to the
boat with false whiskerß.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
SANTIAGO MUST
SURRENDER OR
BE DESTROYED
This Is the Programme at Last
Decided Upon by General
Shafter.
Although Miles Has Not. Taken Command in
Cuba His Presence May Expedite
Matters.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, July 13.
The Cabinet has been again in session at the White
House this evening. All the members were present, and dis
patches from the front were laid before them. Unless the
city surrenders Santiago is to be taken at once to get the
United States forces into camp on the hills, where quarantine
regulations can be enforced.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— While the
long-expected fall of Santiago did not
take place to-day, it Is evident that the
crisis has been reached. Within the
next twenty-four hours it will either
surrender or receive such a baptism of
fire as seldom falls to the lot of a be
sieged town. "If he refuses I will open
on him at 12 noon to-morrow with
every gun I have, and will have the
assistance of the navy, who are ready
to bombard the city with 13-inch
shells."
That is the programme laid out by
General Shatter, and it is to be carried
out to the letter. General Shatter is
still in command, according to the War
Department officials, and although
dispatches have been received from
Major General Miles, signed major
general commanding, it is said that he
has not displaced General Shatter In
direct charge of the operations. The
public, in reference to these telegrams
from General Miles, was given the first
notice that our Government had of
fered, in the course of negotiations
with General Toral, to send the Span
ish forces in Santiago back to Spain.
A few days ago it was stated that
the President would insist upon uncon
ditional surrender, but it appears that
condition has been modified as indi
cated by General Miles. This was done
from a desire to avoid useless blood
shed, for with General Toral's army
removed Spain would be harmless to
prevent our further operations in Cuba
and this would serve as good a purpose
as would the destruction of the Spanish
army.
To allow the Spanish general to with
draw to the interior and fall back on
Havana, on the other hand, would put
us under the obligation of overcoming
that additional force when It comes to
the siege 6f Havana. Our Government
also is moved to make this proposal to
remove the Spanish forces to Spain
through a strong desire to close up the
operations at Santiago at the earliest
possible moment. This desire has been
materially strengthened by the appear
ance of yellow fever within the Ameri-
ITALY TO SEIZE
THE CARTAGENA
CUSTOM HOUSE
Sends a Squadron to Enforce
Payment of the Claim of
a Subject.
"WASHINGTON, July 13.— The State De- I
panmcnt has been notified that the Hal- \
ian Goveri.ment has determined to adopt j
force 1n the payment by the Republic of '
Colombia of the arbitration award )r.ade i
b.- PiteWent Cleveland In favor of Ern
esto CeiTUtt. an Italian citizen, amounting j
to $250,000. To this end the Italian Govern- |
metii has summarily closed diplomatic ne
gotiations with the Colombian Minister at
Rome, and has notified Admiral Candlani
to proceed with the Italian squadron to j
Cartagena, Colombia, and there adopt j
forcible means to collect the amount.
A dispatch from Caracas, Venezuela, an
nounces that the Italian squadron, under
Admiral Candiani, left La Guayra on
Monday for Cartagena, in order to seize
the custom-house there. The information
reaching the State Department Is to the
effect that the Italian squadron will ar
rive at Cartagena on the 14th (to-morrow)
and that it consists of four warships.
In view of the serious possibilities in
volved in the case, the United States
Government has sought to avert an imme
diate crisis. On the request of the Co
lombian authorities that the good offices
of the United States be exercised, word
was sent to our Charge d' Affaires at
Home, to make inquiry into the status
of the case. There appears to be no dis
position on the part of our Government
to interfere in such stepa as Italy may
take for the execution of the award, as
we are iirecluded from contesting an
award made by this Government, but at
the same time it is hoped that Italy may
be disposed to grant sufficient time to the
Suuth American republic to permit her
to pay the award without suffering the
indignity of a seizure of her chief com
mercial port.
As Italy's purpose is confined to the col
lection or the award and has no territorial
purposes in view, it is said that the Mon
roe doctrine has no application to the
Cflfee, l»u t that It is governed by the rules
which applied to the British seizure of
Corlnto, when the British squadron occu
pied the custom-house until a claim of
|75.t)00 was settled.
The Cerruti case g-rows out of the poli
tical agitation in Colombia in IS.SS. At that
time Cerruti was at the head of a large
company doing business in Colombia.
During the rebellious period Cerruti was
imprisoned by one. of the political fac
tions, his personal property taken from
him and his business interests wiped out.
The case was first submitted to Spain
for arbitration, but the award was not
considered satisfactory and final. Later
the Italian Government and that of Co
lombia agreed by protocol on February
6, 1895, to submit the entire question to the
President of the United States. President
Cleveland accepted the duty, and, after
a lengthy consideration of the subject,
rendered his award on March 2, 1897, two
days before the expiration of his last
term. After disallowing the claims for
personal damages resulting from arrest
anci imprisunnu-nt. President Cleveland's
award for loss of individual property was
as follows:
"I award £60,000 sterling Cs3oo 0001 of
which sum £10,000 (J50.000) has been al
ready paid. The Goverment of the re
I can lines. It was at first supposed that
the men were falling 111 with malaria
and climatic fever, so the cases were
reported as simply suspicious. Now,
however, comes the final admission
that they are genuine yellow fever
cases. Their appearance has deter
mined the authorities upon a more ac
tive prosecution of the campaign.
Orders will s^on go forward to Shaf
ter to discuss no more with the Span
ish commander the terms of surrender,
but to proceed to assault the town
with, all the force at his command as
soon as the present truce expires. It is
expected by Shafter that the navy will
co-operate and while Secretary Long
has received no direct advices on that
point from Admiral Sampson he fully
credits this expectation. Reluctant as
the War Department is to sacrifice the
many lives that mieht be lost In as
sault, it is deemed to be the better
policy to make it than to allow the men
to rot away with fevers and other dis
eases during the long period that would
be required to perfect the reduction of
the city by steady investment. An ex
pectation is still entertained here, how
ever, that this assault will be unneces
sary through Toral surrendering before
It begins.
It was perhaps the spread of this be
lief caused by a knowledge of the more
energetic steps in prospect that tended
to remove largely the feeling of de
pression manifested with the opening
of the day upon the circulation of ru-
mors of the appearance of yellow fever
in the American camps. Regarding the
future of Santiago nothing had been
officially stated, but it is significant
that orders were Issued in the depart
ment this afternoon to prepare the
First and Second Regiment of Volun
teer Immunes for Immediate departure
for the front. This would seem to be
indicative of a purpose on the part of
the Government to garrison Santiago
with these fever-proof men after its
capitulation, thus permitting the re
moval of the regular troops to more
healthy points.
public of Colombia will, in addition, pay
to the Government of Italy for the use of
Senor Ernesto Cerruti £10,000 sterling
($50,000) then-of within sixty days from
thf date hereof, and the remaining £40,000
($200,000) within nine months of the date
hereof, with Interest from date at the
rate of 6 per cent per annum until paid,
both payments to be made by draft pay
able in London, England, with exchange
from Bogota at the t)me of payment."
Colombia declined to pay the amounts
awarded on the ground that the Presi
dent's decision was lacking in finality,
and left several questions open to doubt.
It was finally arranged that both govern
ments should make inquiry as to the
meaning of certain features of the
award. The inquiries were submitted to
this Government, but it led to no reopen
ing of the case, as the authorities here
evidently regarded President Cleveland's
finding as final. Thus the matter has
stood, until now Italy has determined to
abandon diplomacy and leave it with the
admiral of her squadron to collect the
money by ocupying the custom house of
Cartagena.
Cartagena is a city of 25,000 inhabitants
on the north or Atlantic coast of Colom
bia, almost due south of Santiago, where
the American fleet is now stationed. It
has a large commerce, most of the im
ports and exports of Colombia passing
through there. Colombia has no navy, its
own marine force being three small reve
nue cutters.
TO BE RELIEVED BY
AN ARMY OF IMMUNES
Begular and Volunteer Troops to Be
Protected Against Yellow
Fever.
NEW YORK, July 13.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: After
the surrender or capture of Santiago
de Cuba most of the regular troops will
be Immediately relieved by a large
army of immunes. The authorities de
sire to get the regular and volunteer
troops out of danger of yellow fever
as soon as possible. The immunes are
being organized and drilled and they
will be ready to go to Cuba very soon.
It will not be necessary to keep an
army as large as General Shafter's in
Santiago after its fall. The principal
work devolving upon the American
troops remaining in Cuba will be police
duty in supplying food and other neces
saries they lack to returning refugees.
Santiago is a hotbed for yellow fever.
Two regular negro regiments may be
left in Santiago, as they are consid
ered immunes. The Twenty-fifth Kegi
ment, which has been doing garrison
duty at Dry Tortugas, is to be ordered
to Santiago. The Twenty-fifth Infan
try is a negro regiment. There are ten
full regiments of immunes, mostly en
listed from the Gulf States, and many
of them are commanded by regular
army officers.
DOOMED CITY IS
SURROUNDED BY
AMERICAN LINES
Troops Occupy Suburbs ar)d fire
f^eady to Ma^e the FiQal
Dash.
Many of the Intrencbn)ents Abandoned by the
Spaniards Who Could Not Face tl)e
Heavy Fire.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon Bennett.
WITH THE ARMY BEFORE SANTIAGO, via
Playa del Este, July 13. — Taking the shape of a gig-antic
semicicrcle, the American army extends around Santiago for
eight miles and touches the bay on either side of the city.
General Lawton's division on the extreme right of the army
was pushed forward yesterday. It now practically rests upon
the shore of the bay west of Santiago. Our troops have oc
cupied the western suburbs, and are ready to dash into the
city itself.
The Spanish fell back sullenly before
our advance, and are retiring without
firing. The importance of the strength
ening of General Lawton's position is
now fully appreciated, and all the re
enforcements which are arriving are
being sent to his aid. This massing of
our troops on the right Indicates that
our final attack will be made th^re.
The Spanish lines are undoubtedly
weakest at that point, and the topog
raphy of the country is favorable for
the advance of the American troops.
Many of the advanced Spanish en
trenchments have already been aban
doned, for the firing of our troops
Saturday and Sunday made it too hot
for the Spaniards. The-<- were lying
flat In the bottom of the ditches to "es
cape the withering American fire.
From General Lawton's lines a clear
view of the harbor of Santiago may be
obtained. Large ships ride at anchor,
steamers He at piers and a torpedo
boat sometimes hurries over the land
locked waters. Many Cubans now with
General Garcia were formerly residents
of Santiago. They are familiar with
the fortified buildings of the city, as
well as its vunerable points. They
called attention to an ice factory and
an electric-lighting plant. Both have
been marked for destruction when tha
bombardment reopens.
Since the water supply of the city
was cut off by the American troops the
ice factory has furnished fresh water,
for it has an appliance for distilling'
sea water. The attack cannot be made
In earnest until more artillery has
been brought to the front.
Preparations for the final assault are
retarded by the rains. The roads are
deep with mud. It took General Miles
six hours and a half yesterday to ride
twelve miles from Siboney to the front.
The American troops are anxious to
charge the trenches so that they may
end the struggle. They prefer their
SPAIN WILL SUE
FOR PEACE WHEN
SANTIAGO FALLS
Sagasta Declares the Time Has
Arrived for Overtures to
That End.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 18'js, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 13.— 1 have no doubt
from what I hear this evening that the
Government is only waiting for the
fall of Santiago to ask for peace. Senor
Sagasta to-day, for the first time, said
that the moment for peace negotiations
had come. His words were, "What
other remedy have we?" Ministerial
organs speak only of peace. If San
tiago falls the Government has decided
to ask for an immediate suspension of
hostilities. Senor Correa, Minister of
War, would resign, and Lopez Domin
guez, Liberal, and a friend of Mo ret
and peace, would come in. It seems
to be the general consensus of opinion
that Sagasta should remain at the
helm with a modified Government.
This signiiicantly shows the view of
the situation taken by business men
here. To-day on exchange, when a tip
was circulated that Mario had reached
Santiago with reinforcements, the
Bourse went down, being interpreted
as a continuance of the war, but when
the report was contradicted home is
sues went up again.
Senor Sagasta declares that the peace
propositions attributed to President
McKlnley are Inadmissible.
El Epoca considers that a Carlist
movement is undoubtedly in prepara
tion, and urges upon the Government a
military occupation of the northern
provinces of Spain.
NEW YORK, July 13.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Day to-day reiterated in most positive
terms his denial that peace negotia
tions, directly or indirectly, are in
progress between the United States and
Spain. It is said by administration of
ficials that interested persons in Eu
rope are giving out talk of peace more
because the wish is father to the
thought than for any other reason.
Aside from the existence of a pressure
upon the Madrid Government having
as its object the ending of the war the
authorities say they have no knowledge
of any movement toward peace. It is
positively asserted that no representa
tions whatever have been made to this
Government, and none will be enter
tained unless they come direct from
Spain.
LONDON, July 14.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times says: "There
is a mysterious change in the political
atmosphere. The fresh breeze which
set in two or three days ago in the di
rection of peace has for a moment sub
sided. The weather prophets tell us it
is merely a momentary lull, but they
do not explain on what their prediction
is founded."
The Lisbon correspondent of the
Daily Mail sayst "Owing to the proba
chances with Mauser bullets to facing
yellow fever in wet trenches. There
was a terrible rainstorm on Monday
night, followed by heavy soaking rains
yesterday and last night. Small
streams are swollen into rivers and
roads are almost impassable. The water
has swept away nearly all evidence of
the patient work of volunteers and
trebled the difficulty of getting artillery
to the front. What was comparatively
easy now requires an extraordinary ef
fort. Nevertheless, the men and horses
untiringly dragged the guns forward
after the storm ceased. The deluge
filled the trenches and converted them
into drainage ditches. Water was
everywhere. The men slept soaked to
the skin.
Wretched as were the troops, the ref
ugees were more wretched. Thousands
of these poor creatures were huddled
together at El Caney. Fully half of
them were absolutely without shelter.
Women and children lay for hours
upon the soaked earth. A drenching
rain made it impossible to light fires.
There came a rift in the clouds, and at
noon the sun appeared.
Positions for the new batteries were
selected by Randolph's chief of staff,
and the artillery in position was in
spected. The village of Caimenes, a
suburb of Santiago, was occupied by
our troops Monday.
General Toral has evidently with
drawn the greater part of his forces
into the city proper for the puropse of
resisting the main attack from the
trenches in streets and from loopholed
buildings. The main blockhouse just
outside the city has been destroyed. A
six-inch gun which the Spaniards were
using was disomunted and smashed to
flinders. The Spanish fire was poor.
Their shrapnel was old and useless,
and would not explode. It had evi
dently been lying in the arsenals for
years.
bility that a republican rising in Spain
would be followed by a similar move
ment in Portugal the Portuguese Gov
ernment is preparing to take energetic
measures, such as sending Portuguese
troops to the Spanish frontier and call
ing out the reserves in the event of
disorders in Spain."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LUu I I lELiBI uVuli
Some think Alaska prospectors have lost courage, but before July is out
we will see a regular '97 exodus from this port. Watch the arrival of 25 mil
lions of gold; watch the bargains we offer every day. Klondike goods galore
bought since the market broke. Much of it at 50 cents on the dollar. We
have no competition along these lines. If you have lost yjur grip, we sell them
from 25 cents up— bigger the price bigger the reduction. $14 bags for S7 inrf
$7 BO bags $3 75. Last a lifetime. -
FRUIT JAM. ...... ... . . . . . .10c ! KLONDIKE COATS $175
This is X- home made put on the bargain Ought to bring $3 DO and others v»t ' "i
counter for quality. to attract buyers to They do well for any Dull !raVpl a id!?° d
its excellent quailty. warm coats are worn. Dull gray plaids
FIVE-COURSE DINNER. 25c WHITE MERINO "UNDER WEAR. . . .15
Our usual lunch In American style is 15c. This line la being closed. Sizes "S vt •>•>
The, public says no tea, no coffee, no butter, 34, in pants or vests; in store last v», f li
no meals like those set at home dining- 50c; sell at credit stores' Toe- flnp nmii,.
room, sixth floor. . . . - ' quality.
MINrF MC iT , GIRLS' SHOES .... ...... . 50c
JjlllSU MfcAl ..5C | In fllzes 10. 10%, 11, la, 13% 2 t% 3 ail
The celebrated Nonesuch and Old Home- C q.?n£'i' e T^= Ond , erful A' aluea> *<>*' school
?o ea ifc. b Ta^ > ra s?. ted: Beneral P " Ce 10 ° " h0 ra UU t n ef>- yy 8 uT-re a r de f m $S & C °- Sale '
FLOWER BASKETS 5c VELVETEEN . . ............ .15 C
It is too bad, we hear you say, to sell a nav^bll"^ ~S,S > cC M l Bale^ are m Vtle and
2-bit article for sc. Let 'em go. Seaeon is day at lie" regUlar ,5, 50 ° »<»( la. Closing to-
a little over. " •' .
FAIRY SOAP— SO for $1.00 B «f CABP « ■■■■■ ■■ • • 25c
Ladles' $1 Buck Gloves, driving or garden. j^[li W^ TJ! HRR B!"3 M| 4£33±,%
Ladles' Combination Undersuits, Florence... EOc ffiMk ' ksf|§« !»j *^I^* < $ Sd '
Ladies' Hats, reduced from 50c, now sc, 10c Wss?s ' % 1 S* a % X&^^
Broken Candy, between S and 10 a. m 5c Tefij H^^f c i: % 'jt a* 1^
Fine Table Butter, for two days 30c B |1 Eg |J * . g g
Little Babies' Undershirts, this week. 3c ■' £T* A^ (§> Bjj d^KSiTk m ■" ;
Big Boys' Strong Shoes for every day.. '750 - «»\3f |] %2> I\JPr El
Home-made Plea, after 2p. m. to-day.. .....10c OF? O7 u:^ ■ ; <r*^ «-> V,
25-27 Market St., 6. F.
BRITONS URGE
CO-OPERATION
Anglo-American League
Inaugural.
NOTABLE MEMBERS PRESENT
LORD BBASSEY'S UNMISTAK
ABLE RESOLUTION.
Why the Most Cordial and Constant
Unity Should Exist Between
the Two Great
Nations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 13. — The inaugural
meeting of the Anglo-American League
was held this evening at the Stafford
House, under the presidency of the
Duke of Sutherland. Among those
present were the Archbishop of Can
terbury, the Archbishop of York, Car
dinal Vaughn and the Duke of West
minster. The Duke of Fife sent a
letter expressing regret at his inability
to be present.
The Duke of Sutherland, in opening
the proceedings, said the league wag
quite apart from ordinary politics, it 3
object being to exnress the feeling of
cordiality which existed between the
people of Great Britain and the United
States.
On motion of Lord Brassey the fol
lowing resolution was adopted:
"Considering that the peoples of the
British Empire and the United States
are closely allied by blood, inherit tha
same literature and laws, hold the
same principles of government, recog
nize the sanio ideals of freedom and
humanity in the guidance of their na
tional policy, and are drawn together
by strong common interests in many
parts of the world, this meeting is of
the opinion that every effort should be
made in the interests of civilization
and peace to secure the most cordial
and constant co-operation on the part
of the two nations."
A representative executive council
was then appointed.
RED LETTER DAY FOR
THE AMERICAN NAVY
Account of the Naval Battle Off San-
tiago Taken From the Squad-
Ron Bulletin.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— A copy of
the squadron bulletin, which is pub
lished every day or so on the flagship
New York, has been received here and
gives the following account of the
naval fight at Santiago, under date of
July 3:
"This is a red-letter day for the
American navy, as dating the entire
destruction of Admiral Cervera's for
midable fleet, consisting of the Infanta
Maria Teresa, Vizcaya, OquenUo, .Cris
tobal Colon and the deep-sea torpedo
boats Furor and Pluton. The flagship
started from a station about 9 o'clock
to go to Siboney, where the admiral
had proposed going for a consultation
with General Shafter. When about a
mile from the bay the Spanish fleet
was observed coming out and making
westward. The flagship at once put
about to rejoin. The exit was remark
ably sudden and the pace sustained by
the enemy was such that the flagship
was more of a spectator than an actual
participant, having an opportunity ot
firing only at one of the torpedo-boat
destroyers. Though at no time close
enough to fire on the larger ships, there
was a fine view of the successive steps
of the victory and an opportunity of
forming one in the long and successful
chase after th<? Cristobal.
"It is of course much to be regretted
that we were not able to save anything
out of the general wreck. All but the
Cristobal Colon were total wrecks early
in the action, being fired by shells, run
ashore anrl blown up or injured. Th.;
Cristobal Colon was chased about sixty
miles until 1 p. m. The Oregon, Brook
lyn, Texas, Vixen and New York took
part in the order named, but toward
the last the Brooklyn drew somewhat
ahead and finally brought the Colon to
bay, when she was run ashore and sur
rendered. When boarded her bow was
in eight feet and her stern in seventy
feet of water. There was a consider
able quantity of water in the engine
room. Officers and men were sent from
the Oregon to take charge of her, but
she gradually sank, chiefly from all
her sea-cocks having been opened,
which our people were not able to get
at. It is probable that we may be able
to raise her. At least it is to be so
hoped."AGNEWS REEKS
WITH SCANDAL
fJTTfICHES ACCUSED
OF GRAVE OFFENSE
AGAINST MORALS
Charges Wtych if Confirmed Must
Result in an Official Cleaning
of the Institution.
SAX JOSE, July 12. — The management of Agnews
reeks with scandal. To-day there was the beginning of an
expose which seems likely to send more than one attache into
disgrace and out of authority. Some of the offenses men
tioned are almost unspeakable, and the aggregation shows
that the asylum has been run with an appalling laxness. Of
the people accused only one has yet had opportunity of mak
ing denial, and he did not avail himself of it. Later, each
will be given a chance to answer, and if the allegations shall
not be overthrown there is no escape from the conclusion
that the Agnews Asylum is a menace to morals, the execu
tive unfit for a place of trust, and some of the employes as
culpable as the head of the institution, while the directors
will be obliged to explain the whys and wherefores of many
an unsavory ep^ode.
Had the now famous Vesuvius
iflropi ■ ot her "earthquake"
Bhella Into the meeting of the Board of
Managers of the Agnews State Hos
pital, better known as the Agnews In
f Asylum, th^ consternation among
the members present at to-day'B ses-
Blon would not have been greater than
was caused by the sensational charges
publicly made by two persons concern-
Ing persons connected with the institu
tion. Dr. Sponogle will have many
thins:? to explain.
So terrible and unexpected were the
accusations that they were met by that
tense silence which is more eloquent
than any words. But the faces of sev
eral of the members and attaches pres
ent Bhowed that the shafts had hit and
had penetrated deeply. Four people.
Including one of the female attaches of
isylum, were placed under fire, and
deal was scathing.
Frank H. Gould, ex-chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee,
and would-be Caesar of the Democratic
j-arty. the grentleman who misses no op
portunity to pose as a great moral and
political reformer, who indulges himself
In the fond delusion that the guberna
torial lightning may be attracted to
him, was specifically charged with
bringing about the discharge of a fe
male attendant because she knew too
much to the detriment of Gould's half
brother. This man is employed as sec
retary to the medical superintendent of
the institution. Gould was further
charged with having done a gross
■wrong to the women whose silence he
could not enforce by unmanly threats.
I >r. F. 11. Sponogle, medical superin
•:t <>r" th» asylum, was told In the
presence of the board that charges had
1 made airainst him of having mur
dered his first wife in order to secure
the insurance placed on her life; that
h" had ruined a young girl ir. Fresno,
and had paid $4000 to compromise the
matter. By another he was charged
With having made an unnecessary
physical examination of one of the fe
male attendants, to the lntter's deep
6hajne and against h*r pitiful protesta
tions. The latter charge was mad.- by
Charles Williams, who Is now the hus
band of the young woman in question.
It is this same young woman whose
d^char^rc Gould hrnucht about.
The story of alle^r-i murder and al
leged criminal assault was related by
Erwin Frost, well-known as a private
MRS. OLIVIA P. WILLIAMS.
(From a Photograph by Bushnell.)
detective of Santa Clara County. To
Frost's allegations Dr. Sponogle made
no explanation before the board and
maintained a stolid silence, despite a
most dramatic finale by Frost, such as
demanded instant reply.
When he had finished the list of
crimes which he declared had been laid
at the door of Dr. Sponogle, Frost ex
claimed:
"If those things had been said about
me, or if the man about whom th^y
were said had the least bit of manhood,
some one would be going around with a
shotgun looking for his traducers. or he
would turn the gun upon himself or
pack his grip and forever leave 'the
county of Santa Clara. Now, I say,
either that man has been most un
justly slandered or he is not fit to oc
cupy his position In this institution. If
I were in his place the least I would
do under the circumstances would be
to demand an immediate investiga
tion."
Everybody glanced uneasily about,
expecting some outbreak or attack
from Dr. Sponogle. but the rrran simply
kept his head bowed, listened and was
silent. In all the asnect of guilt.
As an offset to Mr. Williams' charge.
Dr. Sponogle claimed that he con
sidered nec^ssar" the examination he
made of Mrs. Williams, as she had
been suffering great pain, and he felt
it to be his duty to nttempt to relieve
her.
Later the doctor, on being asked if he
had anything to say relative to the
grave accusations made by Frost,
simply gave a general denial of all that
Fr"Ft had stated. This was made to
The Call's representative, but not to
the board.
Gould was not present at the meet
ing. It being given out that he was too
busy building fences at the Populist
convention at Sacramento to attend to
his duties as a State official.
Incidentally charges of immoral con
duct were made against T. T. Tour
tllotte, the half brother of Gould. His
relations with one of the female at
tendants, who subsequently proved to
be Mrs. K. Madigan. were alleged to be
closer than mere friendship would war
rant.
As the result of all these sensational
developments all that was done in the
matter by the board was to pass a mo
tion permitting Mr. Williams to file writ
ten charges at the next meeting of the
board, a month hence. Preparatory to
filing these charges Mr. Williams had
his wife make an affidavit to-day that
is given herewith. It gives the facts in
connection with her discharge on the
motion of Gould, after Gould had trkd
and failed to induce her to keep silent
relative to the conduct of Tourtilotte
and Mrs. Madigan.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
MRS. WILLIAMS DISMISSED
BECAUSE OF "HALLUCINATIONS."
Ol I via Barnhieel-WilHams, the undersigned, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:
That she is a resident of the town of Santa Clara, county of Santa Clara. State of California.
That she entered the employ of the State as an attendant at the Agnews Insane Asylum about seven
years ago, and that her services had always been appreciated and her conduct approved by the officials of
that institution.
That without good cause or reason she was discharged in March, IS9R, from her position, which was
then head night watch in the female department, by formal vote of the board of managers of the Agnews In
sane Asylum.
That she believes that her dismissal was the result of her having knowledge of certain acts of two of the
employes of the institution, which were serious violations of good moral conduct, and which made them unfit
to hold their respective positions.
That the persons refprred to are T. T. Tourtillott, secretary to the medical superintendent, and Mrs. K.
Madigan, head attendant in one of the female wards.
That she conveyed her knowledge to Dr. J. N. Christal, one of the staff of physicians of the institution,
who, she has reason to believe, informed Dr. Sponogle, medical superintei dent.
That sh^ also informed Frank Gould, one of the members of the board of managers, by letter of the im
moral* conduct that she had reason to believe was being indulged in by Mr. Tourtillott and Mrs. Madigan,
and asked him to endeavor to correct them in their behavior at the asyl'-'n, as such conduct placed her in
an embarrassing position, both personally and in her relations to the bo rd.
That at one of the regular meetings of the board of managers, prior to her discharge, Mr. Gould sought
and obtained a private interview with her, and informed her that it was necessary for her to maintain silenre
in reference to Mr. Tourtillott, who is a half-brother of Mr. Gould; that he (Gould) had always been her friend;
that she owed her position to him, and that if she did not maintain the strictest silence in reference to the
Tourtillott-Madigan matter he would give her a "hasty walk down the avenue with her grip."
Thnt she answered: "I am not responsible for the conduct of your brother. It is common talk about the
building the way he has carried on with Mrs. Madigan. It is no fault of mine that the matter has grown
serious."
That Mr. Gould responded that he had investigated the matter and believed, on the statement of his
brother, that his brother and Mr?. Madigan were innocent. He added: "You may say that my brother and
Mrs. Madigan are guilty of immoral conduct, but, personally, I don't believe it."
That at the meeting immediately following this interview between the deponent and Mr. Gould the lat
ter moved that the deponent be summarily dismissed on the ground that she was a nervous wreck and was
subject to mental hallucinations; which motion was duly carried without any investigation and without afford
ing tho deponent any opportunity to say anything in her own behalf.
That this affidavit is made in order to facilitate the investigation which the board of managers at its
meeting held July 13. IS9B, decided to institute at its next regular meeting In order to ascertain the facts in
connection with the charges made by the deponent against T. T. Tourtillott and Mrs. K. Madigan.
That the names of other witnesses who can testify to the facts as stated herein are Miss Ella Royce, for
tnerly matron at the asylum; Mrs. White, head attendant in one of the wards of the asylum; F. P. Kerns,
head night watch at the asylum; Miss Rose Ryan, an attendant at the asylum.
MRS. OLIVIA B. WILLIAMS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of July, 1898.
[Seal] I. S. THOMPSON, Notary Public in and for Santa Clara County, State of California.
Enough was developed at the short
and exciting session of the morning,
however, to warrant the intervention
of the Governor to the extent of seeing
that the internal affairs of Agnew?
Asylum are thoroughly sifted, and the
blameworthy exposed and- punished.
This was the day set by the board for
the opening of bids for new cottages to
be built for the institution. The bids
were opened and the award made to
Mr. Davis at $15,500. Before proceed
ing to other routine business Mr. Frost
was asked if he wished to address the
board. He said that he did, and that
it would take him but a few minutes.
Ho declared that he had been denounc
ed before the board by John Griffith
as a blackmailer. He thought he
ought to have been asked to come be
fore the board to answer the charge
made by Griffith. He understood, he
said, that Griffith had said that he
(Frost) had shown Griffith a typewrit
ten document, which was to be used to
blackmail Dr. Sponogle. Frost denied
that he had any intention of blackmail
ing any one, and th^n launched out
unexpectedly as follows:
From what has come to my knowl
edge I want to say this: Dr. Spo
nogle ought to demand an investiga
tion, or take his little gripsack and
leave Santa Clara County. Either
the doctor has been defamed, or he is
not fit to be at the head of this insti
tution.
Dr. J. R. Curnow here asked a start
ling question of Frost in a way to show
that he had received some previous in
formation on the matter mentioned.
"Have you heard of any bribe money
being offered by anybody in this in
stitution?" was his interrogatory.
"I promised not to mention the mat
ter," replied Frost, "but as you ask the
question, I will say that I have been
told that Dr. Sponogle gave a certain
man $200 to prevent that gentleman's
wife from being present at this meet-
Ing."
Charles Williams, the Husband of the
young woman, who is said to have been
discharged at the instigation of Frank
H. Gould, was requested to formulate
any request that he had to make. He
stated that he appeared on behalf of
his wife, nee Barnbisel.
"My wife," he Bald, "was let out
here some months ago. The motive
which brought about her discharge was
that she had certa'n information det
rimental to this board, and they tell
me that my wife is a nervous wreck,
and that she was laboring under a
mental hallucination. I have made a
very careful Investigation of her con
dition and if I am married to a ner
vous wreck I have not discovered it.
"She has told me that one morning it
was her unfortunate experience to have
seen the medical superintendent's sec
retary come out of a room in the other
end of the building, and I have a num
ber of witnesses and evidence to bring
before this board in relation to a cer
tain woman. This matter has been
talked about throughout the build
ing, and has given a black eye to this
place. My wife reported the matter to
Mr. Gould and also to Dr. Sponogle.
The latter said that the matter was so
important that he felt it was his duty
to report It to Mr. Gould, which I un
derstood he did.
"But Mr. Oould sa,id she was simply
being mnde a tool by some one who
wished to injure his brother, Mr. Tour
tilotte."
At this Juncture O. A. Hale, one of
the members of the board of manners,
objected to any charges being made
against an absent member, referring
to Oould.
Mr. Williams stnted that he was sim
ply trying to give the facts that
brought about the discharge of his
wife, and said he thought he had a per
fect right to do this. He then con
tinued:
"My wife believes that she was dis
charged because she -elated a matter
that was entirely true, but which was
against the interests of certain parties
here. I don't believe you gentlemen
would have discharged her If you had
known the facts. I believe she was dis
charged from malicious motives. In
behalf of my wife and in the interest of
fairness. In the" interest of good mor
als. I don't see why my wife should
have been discharged."
Edward White, another member of
the board, here asked: "In case this
board does not put your wife back, do
you Insist on an investigation as to her
dipchnrge?"
To this Williams replied: "I shall In
sist on a thorough investigation of all
the matters that led to her discharge.
I have the evidence of the immoral con
duct of some of the persons here, and
I think it should be placed before the
board."
Mr. Hale again Interrupted to ask
Mr. Williams to correct his statement
that his wife was maliciously dis
charged. Mr. Hale said that the board
did not act out of malice.
Mr. Williams modified his statement
on this point by saying that he knew
the board acted on the recommendation
of one of the members of the board
(meaning Mr. Gould), because she had
discovered Gould's brother in a com
promising position. Mr. Williams then
asked that his wife be reinstated in her
former position.
Chairman Curnow of the board re- !
marked that he understood that she r
had complained of not having been
properly treated while at the Institu
tion, and said he could not understand
why she should endeavor to place her
self again in a position which might
prove distasteful to her. "Why does j
she say that Dr. Sponogle had not acted
rifftit toward her?" he concluded.
"Dr. Sponogle did subject my wife to
'a physical examination," said Wil
liams, "but he says that it was for the
benefit of her health."
Williams also credited to Dr. Spono
; gle a remark concerning Mrs. Williams
such as will not bear publication.
Dr. Sponogle made no denial a.s to
the remark, but claimed that Mrs. Wil
liams, who was Miss Barnhisel at the
time referred to, was suffering great
pain which he wanted to relieve.
Hale again came to the rescue of the
man under fire.
'If these statements." he said, "are
in the nature of charges they should be
heard before the whole board and the
charges should be in writing."
Williams made retort to this as fol-
lows:
"I don't think this board will ever
come to the point where an investiga
tion will be made."
This Induced Mr. White to again ask
Williams if he would demand an in
vestigation if liis wife were not restored
to her former position. On receiving
a reply in the affirmative he made a
motion that Mr. Williams be given an
opportunity to be present at the n«xt
meeting of the hoard to make a state
ment of his ca.se.
Mr. White said that a $rery serious
accusation had been made against an
employe of the asylum. "it is not
proper," he added, "that a report
should go abroad that Mr. Turtillott is
under suspicion, and if he is guilty he
should be discharged."
White's motion was 'adopted.
Frost again came to the front and
CHARLES WILLIAMS, HUSBAND OF OLIVIA
P. WILLIAMS.
. (From a Photograph by Bushnell.)
fired the moat demoralizing shot of the
session thus:
Dr. Sponogle has been accused of
murdering his first wife, and obtain
ing the insurance money that he had
placed on her life. He has been ac
cused, also, of ruining a young girl
in Fresno and of paying §4000 to get
out of the consequences of his act. If
he has a spark of manhood in him he
will demand an investigation of this
matter. He has either been vilified
or he is unfit to occupy the postiion
he now fills in this institution.
It was then he reached a climax by
declaring that Dr. Sponogle ought
either to be out gunning for his tra
ducers or making tracks for parts un
known.
DR. DAVID S. BANKS
GOES TO HIS REST
Heart Disease Ends a Career Spent
in Presbyterian Church
Service.
SANTA CRUZ. July 13 —Rev. David Stu
art Banks, D. D., one of the foremost
Presbyterian divines of the State, died
this morning of heart disease in his room
at the Pacific Ocean House. He was in
this city on a visit.
Dr. Banks has resided in California
since 1888, and four years of the time was
sppnt as pastor of the Presbyterian
Church in this city. He also served the
Prpshyt»»rlan Churches at Berkeley and
North Ontario.
Dr. Banks was horn in Juniata County,
Pennsylvania. June 10, 1534, and graduated
from Princeton University in the class of
'59. He was ordained on November 17.
1863, by the Presbytery of Hunting-ton in
Pennsylvania. He served the following
churches before coming to California:
Altoona, Perm.. IS6I-lsfis; Bralnard Church
Eastern, Pf-nn.. 1866-1873; First Church
Marrjuette. Mich.. 1873-ISS2; Appleton Wis
consin. ISS3-ISS6. He then served as mis
sionary for ten years on the south shore
of Lake Michigan.
Santa Cruz Parocnial School.
SANTA CRUZ. July 13.— A parochial
school for boys is nearly completed in this
city and will be opened on the 25th. The
school is situated next to the. Catholic
Church and the new building: 18 a sub
stantial one with two rooms, which wl'.l
accommodate 150 pupils. Two Sisters of
Charity from the East will instruct the
boys.
GOVERNOR GENERAL
BLANCO ATTEMPTS
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
At Least That Is the Story Taken
to Key West by a Refugee
From Havana.
Fearful Conditions Now Prevail at the Cuban
Capital and Many Are Dying From
Starvation.
KEY WEST, l'la., July 13.—Accord
ing to advices from Havana received
here to-day. Governor General Blanco
attempted to commit suicide when he
learned beyond doubt that Admiral
Cervera's squadron had been anni
hilated. The earlier misleading dis
patches, which gave the impression
that Cervera had eluded the American
fleet, caused the ereatest joy in Ha
vana, but when the truth became
known, with meager details showing
the utter destruction of Cervera's
squadron, all gayeties were stopped and
every public and many private build
ings were hung with crape and other
black draperies.
Blanco was in the palace when the
intelligence reached him, and he be
came almost frenzied. He was closeted
with his staff and General Arolas of
the Spanish forces, discussing the
news, when he made the attempt on
his life. After a struggle he was sub
dued and disarmed, but the shock was
so severe that he was prostrated and
compelled to keep to his bed for sev
eral days. When he arose his first
order was to prohibit any food sup
nlles leaving Havana for interior
towns, where the distress is most
j poignant and where many are starv
ing daily.
This and other valuable information
was brought by Jose Pauline Blanco,
who indignantly repudiated a sugges
tion of kinship with the Governor Gen
eral. He says he is a loyal Cuban and
' escaped to avoid the necessity of fight
! ing against his cause as every male in
| the island who is able to bear arms is
! being pressed into the Spanish sen-ice.
: He obtained a fisherman's permit to go
: outside Morro and at 6 o'clock Monday
morning put off in a small boat. The
' United States gunboat Bancroft was
i stationed six miles out and he rowed to
'] her, the Cojimar batteries, east of Ha
! vana, firing two shots at him when he
was observed passing beyond the pre
scribed limits. The Bancroft trans
ferred him to another vessel and he was
'■ brought here, where the local junta
will care for him. The sailors of two
American ships made up a liberal
money subscription for him and gave
i him some new clothing.
ANOTHER
DIVORCE
SENSATION
William T. Plunkett Is
the Defendant.
LENGHTY LIST OF CHARGES
COMPLAINT TELLS A STORY OF
CRUELTY.
The Vacillating Husband, the For
giving Wife and a Num
ber of Letters in
Evidence.
A divorce complaint was filed yesterday
with the County Clerk, in which Cora B.
Plunkett Is the plaintiff and William T.
Plunkett the defendant.
Both parties are well known in San
Francisco, especially the defendant, who
was at one time a football player. of un
excelled reputation. He is a graduate
of the University of California, class of
1596, with a record In the field of scholar
ship as Well as on the gridiron.
The plaintiff is the daughter of Norman
Parrish, a prominent milling man of this
city and at present proprietor of the Cali
fornia Mills.
The complaint teems with sensational
matter. A list of charges is brought
against the young athletic husband, who,
according to the complaint, has so sinned
against the sanctity of the marital re
lations that there are several causes for
djvorce.
The married life of William T. Plunkett
and Cora Parrish has not been a long one.
They were married on October 6, 1597. not
a year ago. and three months after the
date of their union differences arose
which have now terminated in an abso
lute rupture and which the courts are
now called upon to decide.
The complaint recites how the husband
persuaded his wife to visit her mother In
San Jose. From the Garden City the
trusting woman sent missive after mis
sive to the erring husband, but he was
silent. Tortured by his neglect she came
to the city and attempted to find him.
They were then living at the Falrmount
Hotel, and she waited for his return in
rooms contiguous to her own. Plunkett
came home, but he was not responsive to
his wife's knocking for admittance. He
finally came out in the hall, but refused
to talk with his wife or explain why he
had sent their common personal, property
to her mother's home during her ab
sence. But he so far relented as to ap
point an hour for conference, which, as
the complaint reads, was productive of
tears and a temporary penitence. He
left his wife in harmony and peace to at
tend his classes in the night school of
which he was a teacher. Mrs. Plunkett,
joyful over the reconciliation, waited for
him when his school duties should have
been completed for the night, but was
met with a rebuke that drove her back
► upon her parents. In the few hours be
tween the short-lived reconciliation and
the next meeting the husband had re
canted.
The story told In the complaint ex
poses a man crammed with the spirit of
vacillation. Repentance followed this act
of harshness at the end of this short
shrift penitence. The very next night the
ex-football player wrote to his wife to
return home, and she and her father ar
ranged for a meeting to discuss the mari
tal infelicities in all their ramifications.
For the second time the husband re
gretted his overtures of peace, and in a
deliberate and studied letter, in which he
analyzes his feelings, he tells his wife
that their paths of life would better di
verge and not Intersect. There is an
other letter in the complaint which shows
the plaintiff in the repentant mood. It
Blanco says the living conditions In
Havana are constantly growing worse,
the greatest distress necessarily failing
on the Cubans, because nearly all the
food is seized for the troops. Of these
there are about 70,000 In the city, con
sisting of volunteers, mobilized troops,
militia and regulars. Their rations are
largely rice and beans, without even
bacon. Jerked beef, Blanco says, sells
for 30 cents a pound, bread of poor
quality for 50 cents, lard SI. meat 75
cents, cornmeal 25 cents and rice 50
cents. Shark food is eagerly sought
and the day before Blanco left the city
one shark caught in Havana harbor
sold for $13 50.
The concentrados who have sufficient
influence with the dispensing authori
ties sometimes contrive to get one
wretched meal a day, but the others
starve, and it Is no uncommon thing,
Blanco says, to see persons drop dead
in the streets. Even among the Span
lards starvation is rapidly sapping their
loyalty, and large numbers of men are
banding themselves together, awaiting
the first American attack on Havana
as a signal of revolt. The grocery and
provision stores are empty, and the
only articles on the Havana wharves
are about a thousand barrels of ce
ment, wet and useless. Only liquor is
to be had cheaply.
Work on the defenses continues with
tireless vigor. Two line 3of cables
bearing torpedoes have been strung
across the harbor from ♦he city aide
to Morro Castle, and the 6ame has been
done in the Bay of Mariel, where, It
was reported in Havana, American
troops ure to be landed.
Blanco further reported that three
weeks ago the Spanish steamers Monte
video and Santo Domingo crept out of
the harbor at midnight with all lights
out and safely got through the block
ade. The Spanish ships now in the
harbor, he says, are the gunboats
Conde Venadito, Marquise de la En
senada, Neuva and Pana. Filiplnas
and Nunez Pinzon, several of which are
unfit for service. The guns have been
removed from the cruiser Alfonzo XII
and used for shore batteries and the
cruiser has been converted into- a hos
pital ship. There are also in the harbor
a number of smaller warships of the
nature of converted yachts.
The merchant steamers Josefa, Adola
and Maria Herrera are also in the har
bor.
was an incessant jumping from the black
to the white keys.
But this is not all of the sensational
matter in the complaint. It Is allege*
that the father of Airs. C. Plunkett called
on the husband at his hotel and found
another woman In h?s room; which affair
the defendant aver? was entirely Inno
cent, as the lady was only assisting him
packing his trunk.
After this another reconciliation was ef
fected. And then came the period of
greatest suffering for the wife. During
this time she alleges that her husband
treated her in a shameful and brutal
manner, the results of which are severe
mental and physical distress.
Mr?. Plunkett prays for dissolution of
the marriage, a resumption of her maiden
name and alimony.
ATTENTION!
The eyes of the world at this moment
are on strength. The war goes always
to the side of the strong. Are you a
brisk, bright and a big, burly man, full of
power, or are you one of the weak?
Weak as you may be, you can recover
your vitality if you wish to. Heart
trouble comes from excess almost always.
If you have it "Hudyan" will make up
for your follies and the heart trouble will
cease. "Hudyan" makes up for all losses
of vigor. If you have overtaxed your
stomach "Hudyan" will make strong all
the weakness. No single way in which
you have erred is beyond its curative
power. It is a great remedio-treatment.
It has cured about 21,000 men. It has
made permanent cures in each and every
instance. It will make of the weakling a
strong, vigorous man. Strong and all-
powerful, yet it is absolutely harmless.
It is nature's treatment for the erring and
the weak of her sons. Try it. Send for
testimony about it. Do not believe this
statement without proof. Only ask and
free medical advice as well as testimo-
nials will be gladly sent you. Those
who are in San Francisco will find the
Institute offers a welcome that they mighi
well accept. And those who write wil|
be treated equally well — no matter what
the disease. Blood taint is cured at
once. The treatment given makes men
as fit to fight the battle of life as..
SOURS!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS 8T3..
San Fran;ieco, Cal.
Superfluous Hair on the face 1b embarrassing
and annoying. Dermatologist JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY, 127 Weet Forty-second St., New York,
removes It. If light by depilatory. If strong by
electricity. Consultation free. Charge* mod-
erate.
34
PEOPLE'S PARTY DISAPPEARS
DOWN DEMOCRACY'S THROAT
JAMES G. MAGUIRE
NAMED TO HEAD
ITS STATE TICKET
Wins prom Sharjahao by a Vote
of 154 to 135 After a Bit
ter Contest.
HON. JAMES G. MAGUIRE.
SACRAMENTO, July 13.— The Peo
ple's party of xh<- State of <\tlifornia
has seen proper to step out of its own
ranks, and, by a vote of 156% to 135%,
nominate for Governor James G. .Ni.i
guire, th.-- Democratic Congressman.
The culmination of to-day's pn ■
inc< was entirely unlooked for two
hours before the vote was taken, and
was due to two causes — the clever man
agement of the Democratic committee
that tame up from Han Francisco hist
night and a speech by Judge Phillips
of Los Angeles, the newly elected head
of the Silver Republicans, before the
convention this morning. When the last
Populist sought his bed long after mid
night the situation, from a fuslonist
standpoint, was in a most chacriic state.
Thfy were split on three propositions,
and there was every indication that
they were so hopslessly tangled that
they would never be able to reach an
agreement. Kven thf Democrats, upon
whom they had relied to get them out
of the snarl, were divided among them
selves. A few favored the unequivocal
Indorsement of Maguirf, but the ma
jority urged that the head of the Popu
list ticket be left open until after the
Democratic convention had been held
and then have the Democratic nominee
indorsed by the Populist State Com
mittee.
The. . middle-of-the-roadsters were
Jubilant over the outlook and boldly
asserted that Maguire's name would
not even be mentioned before the as
semblage. But they were dealing with
men out of their own faith and far
more skilled in the game of politics,
and while they slept the men who were
to effect their annihilation were at
work.
The first thing to be done by the
Democrats was to sink all differences
among themselves and it wt:s agreed
that fusion was the main thing. If
the fusion Populists would consent to
leave the head of their ticket open, well
and good; but if they insisted upon
nominating Maguire, the Democrats
would magnanimously warrant them
that privilege.
Chairman Alford and his associates
had already yielded to Wardall and his
crowd in the matter of John W. Mit
chell participating In the conference,
and they would yield more if neces
sary-
And, speaking of Mitchell, while that
gentleman did not participate in the
conference last night, h>-> was on hand
bright and early this morning and join-
of the two com-
Ed In the
mittees.
After granting these concessions the
Democrats proceeded to get the fusion
ists in line. It would not do for any of
them to appear too openly in the con
vention, so they hit on the plan of
Bending Judge Phillipß to the front as
a Silver Republican. No wiser move
could have been planned. Judge Phil
lips is a shrewd and elnq Ue nt stump
speaker — much better than anybody
the Populists could muster — with a
vein of humor and a free, open manner
well calculated to catch such a crowd,
•which, in truth, was quite willing to be
caught.
When the convention was called to
order this morning it was proposed to
have Judge Phillips address the gather
ing. The middle-of-th^-roadpters ob
jected, but the majority were pleased
to listen to the oratory of somebody
other than themselves, and the Judge
was escorted to the chairman's desk
and Introduced as the new leader of the
great reform j - -*- that is working
' hand in hand with themselves, the ,
Silver Republicans. \ t
Judge Phillips proceeded at once to ( (
place himself en a friendly footing with (
his hearers and get them into good
humor. He succeeded admirably, and i ,
before he had spoken five minutes h« :
had fusionißta and middle-of-the
roadsters cheering him wildly. Then ]
h proceeded to recount the misdeeds '
of the Republican party which caused
him and his followers to break away,
and pictured th<- common purpose of
'■ the three so-called reform parties.
Skillfully he led his hearers on. care- j :
I fully avoiding all reference to any one ;
I candidate, but always holding up the '
i certainty of defeat unless a union of j .
. the three forces was effected.
It was a clever effort and It won. i
Judge Phillips was tendered a unanim
ous vote of thanks and left the conven- i
j tlon with the fusion faction again in j
fighting trim. But even then they were j
■ fur from being united on a plan of pro- j
I cedure, and had the anti-fusionists !
numbered one man who was competent i
1 to take up th* leadership on the floor !
their defeat might have been averted, i
: But Cator, who' had been the recipient
[ ! of a savage though covert onslaught at
the hands of Judge Phillips, seemed to :
lose his grip and let matters go by the !
' ' board. To he sure, he rallied during j
' ! recess and called the Los Angeleno '
I down in vigorous fashion, but during
! the afternoon he took no part in the
• alignment of his forces other than to
1 deliver two Bjpeeches in open ''nnven
, i tion, which were by all odds quite the
' beat bits of Populistfc oratory heard !
i during the convention.
1 ' After Phillips' speech, Gillesple of \
! San Francisco submitted the report of i
i | the committee on rules and permanent j
. i organization. There was a minority re
' port and a bad parliamentary tangle,
• i which terminated after much wasted
; I energy in a vote to lay the minority on i
: ' the table. It was lost by a vote of 75 to
! 74, a victory for the anti-fusionists. The
. others would not have it. however, and |
' ! demanded a roll call, and the motion
! ! was carried by a vote of 153 to 188, a
' i decided gain for the middle-of-the
f i roadster? over the vote for chairman
> i yesterday.
I ; They seerred to rally pome at this
j showing, but the Democrats were sta
1 ! tioned in an ante-room, where they
5 i were conducting the proceedings on be
i j half of the furionists. and did not let
them get much further.
The appointment of a committee to
I confer with the Democrats concluded
the morning Bepslon, the fusionists hay
' ing succeeded in preventing any report
, ! by the committee on order of business,
- | beyond effecting a permanent organiza
tion by the retention of the temporary
I officers, even the resolution providing
1 i for the nomination of Governor being
s held up for the time being.
1 ] During recess caucuses and confer
. | ences were held on all sides. The fu-
Bionists met In the Senate chamber, the
' middle-of-the-roadsters in the Supreme
Court chamber and the joint committee
c of Democrats and Populists in the As
- ( sembly chamber. The only ones to ac
f [ compllsh anything were the joint com
i mitee. They prepared a report, which
', : they discreetly held back until they
could make an attempt to force a vote
s | on Governor, secret orders going out
c from them for such a move. The fu
- sionists, with their safe majority, could
p not a^ree upon a plan. Fur a time
they canvassed the situation with open
doors, some favoring the straight nonii
a nation of Miiguire, while others con
r | tended for the old plan of leaving the
1, i head of the ticket open. Wardall pro
e I tested against this on the ground that
if the convention adjourned without
o ! making any nomination the vacancy
o ' could not be filled afterward. He said
- It would be far preferable to put up a
'- dummy ticket and let the nominees re
■l sign later and then their places could
y be filled by the State Committee.
;e The discussion was still in progress
k ! -when a tip was received from th 6 con
te j ferees and the caucus went into execu
g tive session. This lasted only a few
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JX T LT 14, 1898.
PEOPLE'S PARTY PLATFORM
ADOPTED AT SACRAMENTO.
<
The People's party of the State of California, realizing the urgent necessity of reform In State and nation, re-
affirm our convictions in the principles enunciated In our national platform.
Recognizing that the initiative and referendum will assure government by the people, we therefore demand an i
amendment to the Constitution providing: <
First— That any law or ordinance adopted by any legislative body of this State shall be subject to a popular vote ,
when demanded by a properly authenticated petition signed by a reasonable pc ■ cent of the electors of the Stale, (
county or municipality, as the case may be, and if Bucn vote shall show a majority against the law or ordinance, it
shall be invalid.
Second— That upon petition of a reasonable per cent of the elector* of the State, county or municipality, as the I
case may be, the respective legislative bodies shall submit to the electors therein any Question the submission of ,
Which has been demanded by such petition or shall submit to them for their approval a law, a constitutional amend- (
ment or an ordinance containing such provisions as may have been demanded by such petitioners.
Third— When legislation has been adopted as herein provided by the people, no legislative body shall have the right
to nullify such action without the consent of the people given at the polls, and such action by the people shall be im- I
peratlve and not subject to veto. i
We demand the free and unrestricted coinage of silver and gold at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting (
for the aid or consent of any other nation, and we are unalterably opposed to the policy of the Republican party in
demanding the retirement of greenbacks and the surrender to national banks of the sovereign power of issuing money;
and we especially denounce the avowed attempt of said party to fasten upon the country irrevocably and forever the
single gold standard. v . {
We demand a national money safe and sound, issued by the general Government only, without the intervention or
banks of Issue,- to be a full legal tender for all debts, public and private; also, a just, equitable and efficient means of dis
tribution direct to the people through the lawful disbursements of the Government.
We demand that the volume of circulating medium be speedily increased to an amount sufficient to meet the de
mands of the growing buelness and population of the country and to restore the just level of prices of labor and produc-
We demand such legislation as will prevent for the future the demonetization of any kind of legal tender money by
private contract.
We demand that the Government, in payment of its obligations, shall use its option as to the kind of money in
which they are to be paid, and we denounce the present and preceding administrations for surrendering this option to
the holders of Government obligations.
' We demand that there shall be no further issue of United States interest-bearing bonds.
We demand that postal savings banks be established by the Government for the safe deposit of the savings of the
people and to facilitate exchange.
We oppose all funding bills calculated to extend the time for payment of the Pacic Railroad debt, and we de
mand that our Government take the necessary steps to immediately foreclose its mortgage upon the Central Pacific
Railroad and collect the debt in full, and, if necessary, to bid it in at the sale and operate the same in the interest and
fur the benefit of the people.
We demand the construction, ownership and operation of a ship canal across the Isthmus of Nicaragua by the United
States Government or private corporation.
The war against Spain, compelled by the sentiments of the people of the I'nited States in vindication of honor,
duty, humanity and liberty, should be prosecuted with an overwhelming vigor until the neds for which it was undertaken
have been fully and satisfactorily achieved.
We deprecate the fact, however, that In order to raise means to prosecute this war unjust and unequal systems of
taxation have been adopted by the Republican Congress and administration, by which wealth is enabled to escape Its
just burdens, shifting the same to the shoulders of those less able to bear them.
We further deprecate the fact that interest bearing bonds have been issued, w,hlch, although miscalled a popu
lar loan " will absorb the product of toil for years to come, and greatly add to the burdens of the producing classes.
We demand a reform in our system of taxation, to the end mat taxes shall so be laid as to secure as far as pos
sible equality of sacrifice We favor th<- repeal of n!l poll taxes and demand exemption from taxation of small home-
Bteads and personal property, the amount to be fixed by the Legislature. We also favor a graduated State, Income
and inheritance tax. We also favor the submission to the people of a constitutional amendment which will give to
counties and municipal corporations the right to adopt such a system of taxation for local purposes as the people of
such locality may desire. , it _ ,
Labor being the support of life, the right to work Is as sacred as the right t to live. Review the ever-increasing
growth of the army of unemployed wage-earners as a discredit to our civilization and a menace to the republic, and we
favor such legislation as shall tend to secure remunerative employment for every citizen.
We demand the election of United Senators by a direct vote of the people.
We oppose judicial legislation and government by Injunction.
We demand the public ownership of public utilities and favor the passage Of such laws and constitutional amend
ments as will facilitate their acquirement.
And to the support of this platform we pledge each and every candidate nominated by this convention.
minutes-Just long enough to receive
Instructions from the managers, men
the convention reassembled.
It was considerably after 3 o clock,
and the prospects were thnt the day j
would be wasted. The first sign of ac
tivity came when the committee on
platform and resolutions presented its
report. The platform proved to be as
ardent a Populist document as the
staunchestmiddle-of-the-roadster could j
desire, and it was adopted without a
dissenting vote.
This was followed by calling up that
part of the order of procedure that was
temporarily laid aside in the morning,
providing for the nomination of Gover- \
nor which was adopted. Then Cator
forced the crisis the fusionists were
watching for by offering the following
resolution:
Resolved, that no person shall be elig- I
ibie to receive- votes in this convention for
any place on the State ticket, unless he :
s)i;tll iirst appear before the convention in i
person and accept the platform adopted.
and if he be absent, the platform shall be ■
telegraphed- him for acceptance by lmme- j
diate answer.
Cator supported his resolution with
a fiery speech in which he touched upon j
his relations with Judge Magulre, as- |
serting that their differences were en- ]
tirely due to divergent political views. \
Gator proceeded to ventilate Maguire's i
opinions and actions in Congress, and !
was making it intensely tropical for the j
! Congressman, when he was choked off j
by the chairman at the behest of the
, fusionists.
There was a great uproar over Ca
tor's speech, and his opponents sought
to kill his resolution by recounting the
cost of transmitting the entire plat
form to New York, where Maguire now
is. and the probable delay, which might
hold the convention in session several
days longer. The middle-of-the-road-
Bters rallied to Gator's support and bit
terly denounced their opponents for
their un-Populistic conduct in placing
an outsider at the head of the ticket
without even knowing whether he
would indorse their platform.
But by this time the fus'onists were
firmly planted in the saddle and deter
mined to ride rough shod over all ob
stacles. Cornell led the opposition to
Cator's resolution, while Dittmar of
Shasta supported it. Giilespie alluded to
Cator as a prevaricator and branded
the latter's statements as "unquali
fledly false." He launched forth into
a eulogy of Maguire and denunciation
of Shanahan, that being the first time
that gentleman's name had been men
tioned. Gillespie's allusions were much
more personal than Cator's had been,
yet the chairman permitted him to con
tinue, with the admonition not to call
any names. Cator maintained dignified
silence. Mason offered a substitute
resolution as follows:
Resolved, that the chairman and secre
tary be directed to refuße to certify to the
nomination of any nominee of this con
vention until such nominee shall first de
clare his belief in th* principles of this
party, which ure stated to be:
I— Direct legislation.
2— Opposition to the gold standard with
all that It implies.
3— Public ownership of public utilities.
4- Reform in taxation as stated in <>ur
platform and that such nomination shall
be made subject to such condition, and In
case of a refuaion to so declare in writ
ing that such nomination shall be de
clared vacant.
The roll call showed the adoption of
the resolution by 1B!> ayes to 12G noes.
Other resolutions were piled in thick
and fast, but they were of little or no
interest or bearing on the matter, and
the delegates were growing tired and
fast losing their patience. The action
of Gillesple and his fellow fusionista in
seeking to force Maguire down their
throats without even waiting for him
to reply to Mason's resolution indors
ing the principles of the platform, dis
gusted many liberal fusionists, and had
there been anybody to make a deter
mined fight for adjournment then, or
even after the candidates had been
named, and before the vote was taken,
the middle-of-the-roadsters could have
carried their point and fusion would
have been defeated. But there was no
body capable of coping with the astute
Democrats who were conducting the
fusion fight from the ante-chamber,
and the vote was forced through.
The San Bernardino and other south
ern delegations were wavering and
could have been brought over to the
middle of the road had there been a
chance to labor with them even briefly.
Cornell's speech placing Maguire in
nomination was of the usual high
school declamation order, delivered
with great physical exertion and a
frightful waste of lung power.
Ditf.mar, who performed like service
for Shanahan, was an improvement in
oratorical effect and had the added
merit of being briefer. None of tho
seconding speeches, with the excep
tion of that of Cator, who spoke for
Shanahan, was above the ordinary.
Then came the vote with the result
as given heretofore. The middle-of-the
roadsters were really surprised at their
display of strength and saw, when too
late, that they had thrown away a
golden opportunity.
ONE BALLOT
DECIDES IT
Maguire's Forces Wir) flfter
a Bitter Fight in the
Coovention.
SACRAMENTO, July 13.— The dele
i gates to the Populist Convention were
i Blow in putting in an appearance at tie
: Assembly chambers this morning ac
I not a few of them had been up until
\ late and unseemly hours last night dal
; lying with the Democrats, who came
j here for the express purpose of gob
bling up the Populist party.
The advocates of fusion, which term
is synonomous with the name Maguire,
were feeling in better spirits. They
announced that they had won their
battle and that the middle-of-the-road
men would have to accept Maguire,
I notwithstanding his shortcomings on
; material and essential Popullstic ideas.
! They carried out their contract to de
| liver the Popiilist party to the Democ
; racy and when an adjournment was
! taken at 7:30 o'clock to-night, after the
I presentation of the gubernatorial nom
i inaticr. to Congressman Maguire, not a
' few of the middle-of-the-road men were
saying things that did not tend to
I prove that the party i 3 harmonious and
I united. Certain it is that many of the
j delegates who sat in the convention
| hall to-day will be out with their lit
; tie hammers between now and election
day as they ;. Mieve that their party
has been betrayed.
Judge J. N. Phillips, who has sue
: ceeded Wandering Baker as chairman
of the Silver Republicans, came mighty
close to being turned down by the antl
fusionists when he asked permission to
address the convention. George D.
Glllesple, one of the head spielers of the
Buckley-Magulre Populist party, inter
ceded in Philli; i' behalf.
"He is one of our brothers," said
Gillespie, "and we should show him the
courtesy of listening to him."
The privilege of the floor was then
granted Phillips. He made a strong
plea in favor of fusion. He candidly
ANTI-FUSIONISTS
REFUSE TO ABIDE
BY THE DECISION
Meet io Convention and Formally.
Nominate Shjanahan for
Governor.
HON. T. W. H. SHANAHAN.
SACRAMENTO, July 14.— The predic
tion that the Populist party would be
wrecked if it listened to the proposition
of fusion and Msgulre has come true.
The middle-of-the-roadsters have
bolted the convention and will put a
ticket in the field with T. W. H. Shan
ahan of Shasta at the head.
When the convention adjourned last
evening, after nominating Maguire for
Governor, the anti-fusionists deter
mined upon holding a caucus to settle
upon some plan for future action.
They assembled in the Senate cham
bers at 9 o'clock and went into execu
tive session. It did not take them long
to decide that they had been betrayed
into the hands of the Democrats. The
more they thought over the matter the
angrier they became, and it was then
that the resolve was made to inaugu
rate a fight for Populist rights that
will end oniy when the sun goes down
next election day.
The suggestion was made that the
caucus be turned into a nominating
convent: n cf the Peo le's Party. Fow
ler of Alameda was elected temporary
chairman and Johnson of San Fran
cisco temporary secretary.
Chairman Fowler appointed T. E.
Clarke of Tulare, chairman of the com
mittee on permanent organization and
order of business; Green Majors of Ala
meda, chairman of the committee on
platform and resolutions, and W. R.
admitted that there had been traitors i
in the Silver Republican camp.
"But we found them out," he added,
"and dropped their heads in the bas
ket"
"What's the matter with Baker?
shouted one <>f the delegates. Phillips
was evidently so wrapped up in his ora- I
torical flight that he did not hear the
question— or at least he did not an
swer it.
"If you are going to do clean poli
tics, ' continued Phillips, "don't at
tempt to do it with the scavengers in
your ranks. . Get rid of them. We are
here at the common altar of freedom to
make a fight. The bosses are all
alarmed, for they know that we are
here for war to the knife and knife to
the hilt. We Silver Republicans greet
you as brother soldiers in our battle,
and we want to see you put a reputable
ticket in the field."
The fusionists applauded the speech
and Monteith of Marin suggested that
Phillips be given a vote of thanks for
his address, and also for securing the
political decapitation of G. Wandering
Baker. The thanks were presented, but
the anti-fusionists did not take any
part in the bouquet throwing.
A partial report from the majority of
the committee on rules of order and
permanent organization, the main fea
tures of which were published in The
Call to-day, was read by Gillespie of
San Francisco. ■»
J. E. Camp of Alameda presented a
minority report. He objected to the
appointment of a commltttee to con
fer with "representatives of the other
reform parties," suggested in the ma
jority report, as he deemed it unneces
sary. He believed that, the convention
first should adopt a plnform and then
nominate a straight out-and-out Popu
list to stand on it.
The remarks of Camp were provoca
tivo of an outburst of oratory. John
Raspberry Jones, who hails from Ala
meda and wants to go to Congress from
the Third District, moved to lay the
minority report ~n the table. On mo
tion of Cornell of Alameda that portion
of the report making the temporary
officers the permanent officers of the
convention was adopted.
Then followed a long and wearisome
Batton of Alameda, chairman of the
committee on credentials.
It was next decided to place a full
ticket in the field to represent the Peo
ple's party. One of the members con
temptuously remarked that the con
vention that had nominated Congress
man Maguire was "only a Democratic
side show." The delegates were ex
cited and angry and they did not want
to waste any time In settling with their
matters.
T. W. H. Shanahan, who was beaten
for nomination for Governor by Ma
guire, was unanimously chosen as the
candidate of those present for Gover
nor. Shanahan appeared before the
convention, accepted the nomination
! and declared i-iat no power on earth
! could pull him down. Shanahan looked
I happy and the delegates cheered.
An adjournment was then taken until
9:30 o'clock th morning, when the re
mainder of the ticket will be named.
Every part f the State was repre
sented in the convention, as is shown
by the following committees:
Credentials— W. R. Batton, Alameda; J.
M. Murphy, Shasta; W. O. Griggs, Sono
ma; W. R. Crawford, Kern; Alex White,
Colusa.
Permanent Organization and Order of
Busings— T. E. Clark, Tulare; A. Bretz,
Alameda; T. H. Porter, San Francisco;
Samuel oiewart, Solano; George Hale, El
Dorado.
Platform — Green Majors, Alameda;
Frank Houghton, Tehama; James Mor
gan, Santa Barbara; J. Q. Stocking, San
Diego; H. C. Wilson. Lake; T. G. Sharp,
Tehama; M. L. Landon. Monterey; C. F.
McGlashan. Nevada; J. E. Camp, Sacra
mento; F. P. Stewart, San Bernardino.
debate. Fowler of Alameda was op
posed to the majority report, suggest
ing that a conference committee be ap
pointed, and that for the time being
the nominations stop at that for Gov
ernor. He insisted upon having tb,e re
port referred back to the original com
mittee, with instructions to report an
order of business that could include all
the places to be filled on the ticket.
Cator of San Francisco backed Fow
ler and Camp in the stand they had
taken. He said that he wanted to see
a straight Populist ticket nominated
without fusion.
Cornell of Alameda moved to lay the
minority report on the table, and there
was another wrangle. When a stand-
Ing vote was taken a half hour later
the secretary announced that 74 dele
gates favored the motion and 75 were
opposed to it. The announcement was
greeted with cheers by ' the antl-Ma
guire forces.
Carlson of Los Angeles, a strong Ma
guire worker, demanded a call of the
roll on the question.
"Many delegates voted under a mis
apprehension of the question," said he
'and I know that we all want a fair
vote."
Chairman Hutchinson, a fusionist and
Maguire Populist, cut oft further de
bate by /.-t-dering a call of the roll, "to
refute any possible Imputation of un
fairness that might afterward be
raised."
The vote was taken by counties, those
present voting the absentees, with the
result that the motion which had been
previously lost was carried by a vote
of 138 noes to 153 ayes.
The majority report was then adopted
as presented and the convention re
solved into seven Congressional Dis
trict conventions to select the members
of the conference. Those chosen were-
First District, George W. Montelth',
Marin; Second, Dr. A. L. Forman, San
Joaquin; Third, John Aubrey Jones
Alameda; Fourth. George D. Gillespie
San Francisco; Fifth, J. W. Mines'
Santa Clara; Sixth, TV. P. Netherton
Santa Cruz; Seventh. John 8. Dore',
Fresno.
A recess was then taken until S
o'clock and a row was narrowly
averted.
"There will be a oauous," shouted
VCator of San Francisco, "at the State
house immediately of all those who are
opposed to Dominating a Democrat in a
Populist convention."
"You mean a caucus of those Inter
ested In the railroad," answered Mun
teith of Maxin.
Tin n other delegates commenced
throwing out taunting remarks and for
several minutes the air was laden with
the unpleasant things spoken.
It was 3::>0 o'clock when Chairman
Hutchinson called the delegates to or
der again. It was announced that the
rence < ommlttee was still "con
ferring" and no report was received up
to the hour of adjournment. The re
port was ready but the Maguire men
had it held back until they rushed
their programme through.
The committee on platform was ready
to report and the secretary frequently
was Interrupted by handclapplng while
reading the declaration of principles.
The platform was adopted without a
dissenting vote.
Cat or of San Francisco then threw a
firebrand in the shape of a resolution
into the convention. It provided that
no person was eligible for nomination
by the convention unless he first in
dorsed the platform. This was intended
to hit at Maguire. who is at present
enjoying the hospitality of th*> Croker
Club at New Fork. "If any aspirant is
absent." remarked Cator, rather dryly,
"the platf >rm could be telegraphed
him."
A how i went up from the Maguire-
Ites. They said that the resolution was
unfair and was Intended to delay the
work of the convention. The anti
fusion people and opponents of Ma
!■ ; lied that it would not be
right to v >mlnate a man before know-
Ing thai h< would accept the platform
party.
■ us I" 1 sure we are nominating
yelled one of the middle-of
the-road men.
at length in support of
the resolution. He asked if it would be
6af< to nominate a man like Maguire,
wh had Bhown himself to be opposed
to an Income tax. when that was one of
the planks in the platform, unless he
had first been pledged to stand by the
platform.
Gillesple of San Francisco replied
that any statement that Maguire did
I ' favor an income tax was absolute
ly and unequivocally false, and that its
.ess could readily be shown if
]•• ■!" rence was made to tlv Congres
rds.
Bon of Santa Clara tried to pour
oil nn the troubled waters by offering a
substitute for the resolution, which
provided that the chairman and secre
tary <if the convention be empowered
t" withheld the certificate of nomina
tion ■ nominee until after he
had subsi ribed to the platform. The
titute prevailed, but that did not
satisfy the anXl-Maguire men. They
want.-d something more binding, and
■■ wrangle followed.
The breach was finally healed by the
adoption of a resolution providing that
indidates must sign the platform
inside n days after being nomi
nated, unless they are absent from the
State. In the latter event the platform
must he signed inside of fifteen days
after the return of the absentee.
Nominations for Governor were then
declared in order. Cornell of Alameda
caught the eye of Chairman Hutchin-
Bon first and was granted the floor. In
a highly laudatory speech he presented
the name of Congressman Maguire,
who, he said, would be Indorsed by the
Democratic party. Maguire was pic
tured by him as the only savior of the
State and the only man who would
make a stern fight against the railroad
octopus.
Dittmar of Shasta followed In a stir
ring speech in favor of the tali syca
more of Shasta, T. W. H. Shanahan.
"If we nominate Shanahan," said he,
"we can go back to our constituents
and say to them, .'We have nominated
a People's Party ticket.' While 1 have
nothing to say ar-alnst the honesty and
Integrity of Congressman Maguire, I
have this to say: That his nomination
will virtually mean a surrender to th?
Democratic party."
Sprague of Los Angeles, Burnett of
Fan Luis Oblspo. Mouser of San Diego
and Xetherton of Santa Cruz espoused
the cause of Maguire "as an honest
man and the best friend reform ever
had."
Murphy of Shasta spoke in behalf of
Shannhan and predicted that a mistake
would be made if Maguire was chosen
standard bearer.
"I know full well," he said, "that the
people in my county will not stand for
fusion ar.d Maguire."
C.ntor of San Francisco mad" the
d< sing speech In favor of Shanahan.
He said he had no personal feeling
against Maguire. They differed on po
litical questions.
"Let us stand by the principles of
our party." said he in conclusion, "and
nominate a Populist who commands
the .admiration and respect of the peo
ple of tho State, ami around whom the
Populists will rally."
There were calls from all parts of
the convention for Shanahan, who
was out in the hallway while the nice
things were being said about him. His
appearance before the convention was
the signal for cheering among the anti
fusion people. He told of his record In
the legislature and of his desertion of
the Democratic party when he found it
false.
"I have fought hard and earnestly
for the Populist party," said he, "and
I did not expect that I would ever be
called upon before a Populist convention
to fight politically a candidate who
does'nt belong to the party. 1 am afraid
gentlemen, that if you nominate Ma
gulre y-'ii will be making a grave mis
take. Ills nomination means nothing
nor nothing less than political
BuJclde."
As Shanahan was about to with
draw Monteith of Marin asked him If
uld support Maguire if Maguire
ed the nomination. Shanahan
ited for a moment. Then he
slowly replied:
"That is a hard question to answer.
If he declares himself a Populist and
subscribes to our party platform I will
support him."
"If yui ar- nominated," continued
Monteith. "will you remain at the. head
of the ticket and not withdraw if given
th<> Democratic nomination for Lieu
tenant -Governor?
"If the Populist party nominates me
ami puts up a Populist ticket I will
fight for it t > the end."
Tho roll was then ordered called and
Maguire was nominated on the first
ballot by 154% votes to Shanahan's
i 30,,. The vote by counties was as fol
lows:
county- Shannf:
Mamoda
\niador ... .
3uttp '.'.'.'.'.".
C^olusa ...'..'.
Contra Costa ..... "
Sldorado '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'"
Fre«n i ....."."!!""
Humboldt '.'.'.'. '"
Korn " ■""■•■
Kin**
r.uu^
in.
i '
i
i '"■'■
Mogul re. I-a
11
4
6
k
'»
6
2
arue.
i>aKe
Lapaen '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'."
lyos Ani;p|es ..
M;nlofi
13
4
4
5
*4
Manera
Uarln
warm
:.
U. •. .1
rln
Merceu
Monterey '.'.'.'. . "
S'apa ""■
N'pvada ....'.
DrnriK*?
Placer ...'. '"
niverßiJe ""
i
6
6
«
3 6 2-3
26
I
6
3
6
7
3
Sacramento
'an n»>nlto ..."
Ban Bernnrdlno .'
rin ]>',(-KO '_'/
San Francisco °
San Jong 111 \
San Ltiln Obtspo
■^Hnta Hiirbara
■ ar.t.'i Clara
; anta Cruz
Shasta
?l«klyou
iolano
ionorna
rehania
rulare
folo 1.
When the result was announced there
was cheering among the Magulre men.
One of them wanted to have the nomi
nation made unanimous, but the Shan
! ahan people objected.
Alpine, Calaveras, Del Norte, Glenn.
Inyo, Mariposa, Modoc, Mono, Plumas,
! San Mateo, Sierra, Stanislaus, Trinity,
' Tuolumne and Yuba counties are not
represented at the convention. The
complimentary vote to Larue came as
a surprise to him.
The convention will resume Its labors
at y o'clock this morning.
FUSION BASIS
DECIDED UPON
Mow the Spoils Will Be Di
vided Between the
Three Partiss.
SACRAMENTO, July 14.— The Ma
guire Pupuilsts say that the-y don't care
the least little bit about the bolt. They
assert that they have the organization
and that they will be able to hold the
party title. They will, in all probabil
ity, read the middle-of-the-road men
out of the party to-day and go ahead
under the unwise tutorship of the
Democracy.
The Democrats have given the Popu
lists eight places on the State ticket
on condition that they give two of the
nominations to the Silver Republicans.
The Populists have agreed to this
scheme, and at 1 o'clock this morning
were fixing up their slate.
Congressman Barlow of the Sixth
district has been renominated and
Congressman Castle of the Seventh will
be renominated. The other congres
sional places go to the Democrats.
McCraney of Los Angeles, a silver Re
publican, will be given the nomination
for clerk of the Supreme Court, and
Judge Van Dyke, another silver Re
publican, will be named for Justice of
the Supreme Court. Chairman Hutch
inson of the convention is slated for
Lieutenant Governor, and in addition
the Populists will have one member of
the Board of Equalization, one Rail
road Commissioner and the State Con
troller.
The slate candidates for these places
have not been chosen up to the present
hour.
An entire State ticket will be nomi
nated but those receiving nominations
for offices not enumerat.nl understand
that they are only dummies. They will
have to hand in their resignations to
the chairman and secretary of the con
vention so that they can be pulled off
the ticket when occasion requires.
CANDIDATES
FOR CONGRESS
Barlow Is Renominated and
De Vries and Castle
Will Be.
SACRAMENTO, July IS.— Six of the
Congressional delegations will get to
work in the morning and make their
nominations for Congressmen. The
Seventh district met to-day and nomi
nated Barlow. De Tries will be re
nominated in the Second and Castle in
the Sixth. .1. A. Jones of Alameda is a
candidate for the Third district nomi
nation and probably will get it unless
bowled out by the fusion agreement.
Judge W. P. Lawler has been here
since Monday working for the Populist
indorsement in the Fourth district, and
is confident to-night that he will get
it. He regards his nomination by the
Democrats as a foregone conclusion.
THEY HAVE ARRIVED"
AT HONOLULU
General Merritt and a Part of the
Third Expedition Reach
the Islands.
VICTORIA. B. C, July 14.— The
steamer Warrimoo. just arrived from
Honolulu, reports that Major General
Wesley Merritt had arrived at Hono
lulu on his way to Manila. The City
of Para and tho Ohio of the third Ma
nila expedition also arrived at Hono
lulu on July 5.
MORE HONOR FOR THE
BATTLESHIP OREGON
Selected as the Flagship of Com-
modore Watson's East
ern Squadron.
NEW YORK, July 13.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald sends the fol
lowing: Believing that the effect of the
appearance of an American squadron on
the Spanish coast will be In direct propor
tion to the strength of the fleet. Secretary
Long and the Naval War Board have de
cided to strengthen Commo.dore Watson's
command by additional armored and,
probably, three or four protected and un
protected cruisers.
In the squadron as finally formed the
mo"st important change has been the
transfer of the commander In chief's flag
from the protected cruiser Newark to tiie
battle-ship Oregon. following this action
the department, In accordance with the
request of Commodore Watson, has des
ignated Captain C. E. Clark, commanding
the battle-ship, as. chief of stair of the
Eastern squadron.
The Newark, I am told, will not be de
tached from the squadron, but will be
employed for scouting and for overhaul
ing Spanish vessels which may appear
and her work will consequently take her
to some extent from the lino of battle
ships. Commodore Watson, therefore, de
termined to transfer his flap and selected
the Oregon.
It is gossip of the department that
either '..'■'■ lowa or the Indiana w'l
be assigned to the Eastern squadron, with
the probability in favor of the lowa,
Captain Evans' ship was assigned to the
fleet by tho department, but upon rec
ommendation of R*ar Admiral Sampson
was detached because of tne foulness of
her bottom. The Indiana is practically
in the same condition as the lowa but
tho latter's speed is greater. For' this
reason she will probably be selected.
ii id believed the New Orleans, Minne
apolis and Columbia will be attached to
the Eastern squadron and the converted
cruiser Prairie may also be assigned to
it. If this hould be done Commodore Wat
son will have under his command three
battle-ships— the Oregon, Massachusetts
and lowa— four protected cruisers and
four converted cruisers, which will be
easily able to dispose of all ships which
remain of Spain's navy. The formation
of such a largo squadron means that a
more extensive programme Of operations
Is being outlined for Commodore Watson
to follow than was originally contem
plated.
SANTA CRUZ MOURNS.
City Treasurer Charles E. Williams
Suddenly Passes Away.
SANTA CRUZ, July H_ Charles E.
Williams. City Treasurer and Tax Col
lector, died suddenly this morning at the
home of bis ancle, Thomas Watson, at
Corra de Terra, twelve miles from Sa
linas. Mr. Williams loft his home about
a week ago to spend two months in Mon
terey County. He was 3I» years old, a
native of Monterey, and came to Santa
Cruz when a Child. He has always been
prominently Identilled with the city. He
was a charter member of the Native Sons
of the Golden West and was a past pres
ident of the order. The body will be
brought to this city for burial.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. July IS.— Pacific Coast
pensions huve bf-en granted as follows:
California: Restoration— Lewiston J
King. Santa Kosa, $10.
Oregon: Original— Poter Horats, Wood
lawn, $6.
Washington: Original— Chares Whale
Pomeroy, $8.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, IS9B.
ALICE RIX GOES TO HONOLULU FOR THE CALL
On the Alameda, which, by the time this meets the eye of the reader, will be well beyond the
heads on the way to Honolulu, is Mrs. Alice Rix. She goes as the representative of The Call, and will
prepare for it an account of the formal ceremony marking the raising of the stars and stripes over the
islands. That there is no writer better equipped for this duty than Mrs. Xix is a fact concerning
which no dispute can arise. That she is the ablest woman contributor to any American paper will be
admitted. With a breadth of view masculine in its scope, she has a wonderful facility of expression, a
quick and most felicitous insight, a ready grasp of whatever situation may be presented, and, more
than all, the tender sympathy of the gentle woman. is in h*:r work a charm, a vivacity, and
yet a depth. Choosing words with the utmost nicety, she never wastes one of them. She does not
strive lor effect but she attains the effect by a process so natural that the completed work is as per
fect as a poem. There is nowhere an inartistic touch. There is always the portrayal of truth so
gemmed that it shines out with such a radiance as few writers have been able, even feebly, to imi
tate. The Call is glad to have for its representative at the stirring scenes of the near future so able
and delightful a writer.
BOND ISSUE TO
BE TOTED ON
Cost of Gang R» \in
San Josf /
—/ ■
DEFICITS IN CITY FUNDS
FRIENDS OF THE "BOSS" PAID
FOR DOING NOTHING.
Garden City Beginning to Realize
What It Means to Retain
Rea on the
Throne.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 13.— The taxpayers
of the city will be called upon to vote
for an issue of bonds shortly. It is
said the amount asked for will be $40,
000. It Is necessary to raise money to
pay off the indebtedness of the city
caused by the extravagance of the last
City Council— Fay, Nolting, Dittus and
Krieg. Before the city election the
people were promised that if the so
called People's party elected its ticket
the city would have a "business ad
ministration." With this glittering
promise held out, many voted the
"gang" ticket, but now they find
that they were bunkoed. Things are
going right along in the same old rut.
With the exception of Mayor Martin,
none of the city officials have tried to
curtail expenses. The Council has aid
ed in incurring expense. Never be
fore were the city funds so low, but
the ofliicals are as lavish in their ex
penditures as in previous years.
The present condition of the various
funds will show the financial condition
of the city. There will be no money
available from taxes until December.
The funds contain: Police fund, $92;
park Improvement fund, $1 10; street
fund, $200; sewer fund, $92; fire depart
ment fund, $25. The expenses of the
Police Department amount to about
$2500 a month, and of the Fire Depart
ment about $3300 a month, and here
there can and should be no curtail
ment. The city pays out $1510 a month
for street lighting and nearly $700 n.
month for street sweeping. The mem
bers of the police and fire departments
will have to shave their warants with
brokers from this time on or wait until
December for their money.
In the school department for the
year ending June 30 there was a deficit
of $6503 89. The expenses contracted
for the coming fiscal year will amount
to $124,000. This Includes teachers'
salaries and other expenses. Receipts
will amount to $82,000, leaving $42,000 to
be raised by city taxes. There will be
a $15,000 apportionment from the State
From a Photograph by Taber.
that can be used to reduce this de
ficiency, but even then $27,000 must be
raised, and this is more than can be
legally done under the charter. Never
before were the school affairs In such
bad condition.
Th<» new High School, for which $75,
000 bonds were issued, is still uncom
pleted. About $12,000 will be needed to
finish and furnish it, and there are but
a few hundred dollars in the fund. It
Is proposed to obtain the necessary coin
by issuing bonds.
In spite of tl.is scarcity of funds the
City Board of Education has created
the position <if Supervisor of Kinder
gartens for Miss Bf»lle MacKenzie at
$75 a month. The Trustees have been
so ashamed of their extravagance that
they have not yet had this last action
placed on the minutes of the board.
There is no more need for a Supervisor
of Kindergartens than there is for a
corps of nurses in connection with
these schools.
Another place in which expenses
should be curtailed is City Clerk Cook's
office. Two clerks could be dispensed
with easily and the city would be saved
$2400 a year. ..hen the collection of
city taxes was transferred to the Coun
ty Tax Collector's office the people were
promised a saving of a couple of clerks
in the City Cl' rk's office. Up to that
time the work on the assessment roll ne
cessitated the employment of a couple
of clerks, as there was considerable
extra work, but since then no decrease
has been made in the force. Instead
John Varcoe has been given a soft Job.
He Is supposed to be revising the or
dinances but in reality is nothing but
a clerk of Cook's. For this he receives
$100 a month. Varcoe wax given the
position because of the work he did
for the "gang" during the campaign.
Another clerk could be dispensed with
in the office. This would save the peo
ple $2400 a year and be giving the city
a business administration.
The people are realizing that under
the new charter of the city they are
still under "gang" rule. The issue of
bonds about to be called for Is a fair
sample of the way Rea and his "gang"
propose to run the city. There is strong
opposition to another bond issue and it
may be defeated.
MINING SUIT DECIDED.
PRESCOTT. July 13.— A mining puit has
just been decided here which, if sustained
by the higher courts, promises to revolu
tionize methods of making mining deals,
as well as to involve numerous proper
ties in litigation. Six years ago Dr. H.
H. Warner contracted with Judge K. W.
Wells and John I^awler for the purchase
of the Hillside mine for $,"00,000, paying
over $200,000. Warner stocked the mine
under the name of the Seven Stars Min
ing Company for $3,000,000, selling large
quantities of stock in Eastern States and
Europe, giving a personal guarantee that
the. mine would pay 1"> per cent a year
dividend. Warner failed and the Seven
Stars Mining Company collapsed with
him. Wells and Lawler always offered a
complete sale and to give a deed on re
ceipt of the balance agreed upon, al
though the conditions of Warner's con
tract provided for the forfeiture of all
money paid and all improvements placed
on the property if final payment was not
made in a stipulated time, long since
past.
The stockholders brought suit against
Wells and Lawlor for the recovery of
money paid for stock of the Seven Stars
Company and judgment has just been
rendered in favor of the plaintiffs for a
hundred and eighty thousand dollars, to
act as a lien against the mine until paid.
The case will be appealed to the Supreme
Court of the Territory and then to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
MAY END THE
WATER FIGHT
Relief in Sight for Los
Angeles.
KESSLER PROJECT FAVORED
BELIEVED TO BE PREFERABLE
TO LITIGATION.
The Proposition Is Indorsed in
Resolutions by the Demo
cratic City Central
Committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 13.-The Los
Angeles water problem assumed a new
phase to-day. The Democratic City
Central Committee met and adopted a
set of resolutions indorsing the propo
sition of Kessler & Co., who are apply
ing for a fifty-year franchise under
conditions which virtually amount to
municipal ownership.
The resolutions recite that the legal
committee of the Central Committee
has reported that any attempt by the
city to take possession of the present
water system would Involve the city in
interminable litigation, without accom
plishing the desired result and would
cause the present unbearable condition
to remain during the years that such
litigation would be in progress; that
any attempted arbitration is sure to
result in the same way If It does not
end as desired by the water company
in an award of $2,000,000 more than the
present plant is worth; that there is
now offered to the city by Kessler &
Co. a proposition, which, while it is not
all that the Los Angeles city Dem
ocracy has sought, is still a good
proposition, is very near to municipal
ownership, and promises relief from
the present unbearable conditions, as
well as a large financial consideration
to the city. In closing the resolutions
indorse Kessler & Co.'s application for
a franchise.
It is now believed that thore Is a
probability of settling the water mat
tor within ten days.
Kessler ft Co. propose for a fifty
years' franchise to give the city ail
water for municipal purposes free,
clear the city title to all water rights
now in contest and to give it 2 1 /*. per
cent of the gross income of the" first
five years and 5 per cent thereafter
until the expiration of the franchise.
Policy of the New America, by
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call.
EXPLOSION IN
POWDER WORKS
Disaster at the Santa
Cruz Plant.
WORKMEN FATALLY BURNED
SLIGHT DAMAGE DONE TO THE
BUILDING.
Belief That the Unfortunate Man
Struck a Steel Nail With His
Mixer, Creating a
Spark.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 13.— An explo
sion occurred in the prismatic powder
mill at the powder works at 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon, fatally burning Carlyle
Ross, aged 19. Ross was mixing black
powder preparatory to placing it in the
press, when about twenty pounds ex
ploded, burning his face and body so
that he was hardly recognizable. He
ran toward the creek, and other em
ployes seized him and tore off his burn
ing clothes. Ross was bending over the
powder at the time of the explosion, so
his face is horribly burned. He also
inhaled the fire.
Morris Griffith, who was ten feet
away, was thrown several feet, but not
injured. Sam Miller, who was six feet
away, had his hair singed.
The damage to the building is
slight. "Work will be resumed in the
mill on Friday. Fortunately the other
employes of the mill happened to be
away.
It has been found that there were
steel nails in the box in which the ex
plosion occurred, and they probably
were struck by the copper scoop which
Ross used in mixing the powder, pro
ducing a spark. The flre spread to the
hopper of the small prismatic press and
then to two barrels of powder on the
back porch, which exploded. In all
about 2-jO pounds was exploded.
NEARLY TWO THOUSAND
MILES BEING PATROLED
Important Work Under Difficulties
Performed by Sampson's
Squadron.
NEW YORK, July 13.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Vessels
of Sampson's squadron are now pa
trolling a coast line nearly 2000 miles
gTeater In extent than that patrolled
by 600 ships during the civil war and
one in many respects offering greater
difficulties. This statement Is made by
Rear Admiral Sampson in an (rfficial re
port received to-day by Secretary Long.
Notwithstanding the length of the pa
trol It is strenuously asserted by de
partment officials and by Rear Ad
miral Sampson that no substantial aid
has reached the Spanish fr-rces in Cuba
since the President Issued his procla
mation of blockade.
VOLUNTEERS IN REVOLT.
CARSON, July 13.— Dissension Is rife in
the ranks of the Nevada Battalion and
two companies threaten to depart in the
morning. The trouble arose over certain
officers who were selected by the Gov
ernor to receive commissions in a com
pany formed to-day by the consolidation
of the Emmet Guards and Company E
of Elko. Governor Sadler named W. C.
Morrison of the Emmets as captain, J.
E. Sanders of Company E first lieuten
ant, and Georg"e Pyne of the Emmets
second lieutenant. The Emmets immedi
ately rebelled because Sullivan of their
company did not receive a second lieuton
antship and the Elko boys objected be
cause Sanders of their company was not
appointed captain. They finally effected an
agreement by which they would ask
the Governor to select either Sanders
or Morrison as major of the bat
talion and give Sullivan a commission In
the company. It has been rumored forsev
eral days that a man nsmod Aekerman,
recently from the East, leads in the fight
for major and should h^ be appointed the
two companies will refuse to be sworn
Into the United States service.
Sick and Wounded Brought Home.
NEWPORT NEWS, July 13.— The
steamer City of Washington arrived at
Old Point this morning from Santiago
with wounded and sick soldiers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The perfection of that great force known as strength Is a work
of nature. Thousands of men have been gifted with a constitution fit
to build such a physical structure upon, but they have wasted the ma-
terial that makes the muscle vitality. A man who has exhausted his
vital strength by excesses and bad habits has weakened his physical
structure, and he will always be a weak, "half man" until he gets It
back. There is one great vitaJizer.
S'ANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
It Is a magnificent remedy for building up power. It cannot be equaled.
It charges the body. daily with electric energy, and vital power grows
from 'this very fact. It does not take long to build up a perfect state
of Strength. .
ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE?
Study yourself. You can be a stronger man than you are. You
should be stronger. You should h"Vf more confidence In yourself.
Steel your nerves with this plfotr'c current. Feel its warming glow as
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with it. Call and test
this wonderful Belt free. See what it has done for others; 10.000 cures!
If you can't call, send for the book about it, free. Call or write to-day.
Don't put it off. Address. j : C
TIR AT QAMi FM * — ~ *
DR. >A. T. SAN. EN, not in DRUG stores.
702 Kirkst Btrset, Corner Ke»rny, San Fre.......
Ornce hours. 8 A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sunday., . Dr. Sanaen-g Electric Belt
10 to. 1. Branches at Los Angeles. CaL.OTIH JBJ B never sold in drUK Rtares
South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 213 Washing- n ? by traveling agents; only
ton street: Denver.' Col.. 931 Sixteenth street: ' at our of nee.
Dallas. Tex.. 2SB Main street. r- >;*■:* — — — • *
YELLOW JACK
IN TIE CAMP
Burning of Siboney as a
Safeguard.
REPORTS CAUSE ANXIETY
SANTIAGO REFUGEES SPREAD
THE DISEASE.
A Few Cases in the Quartermaster's
Department — Every Precau
tion Taken by Our Med
ical Corps.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— The press
reports of the burning of Siboney by
the medical officers of the United
States army had a depressing effect
here upon the friends of the soldiers at
the front in Cuba. For a long time it
was impossible to learn anything from
any official source as to the exact state
of affairs at tl.e headquarters of the
army corps and this reticence on the
part of the officials had the natural ef
fect to increase me apprehension.
Finally the fact was reluctantly ad
mitted that it was not certain that yel
low fever existed at Siboney, but the
reports received over night from the
medical officers did state that there
were fourteen suspicious cases of fever.
The fact that these cases were almost
entirely confined to members of the
quartermaster's department, teamsters
and others, encouraged the officials here
to believe that the main body of the
army is not in danger from the disease
if it should turn out to be yellow fever.
That the disease did exist in Santi
ago, though never officially admitted,
was known through private letters
from officers at the front, and the exo
dus from the city to the vicinity of
Shafter's camp of 18,000 inhabitants,
presumably for the most part in a des
titute and filthy condition, would afford
ample opportunity for the communica
tion of the disease to the American
troops.
It is not doubted that General Shaf
ter has done all that is possible to pre
vent close communication between
the army and the refugees
for sanitary reasons; but in
his efforts to assist the poor people to
the extent of his power he has been
obliged to make # use of the quarter
master's department to deliver sup
plies to them, and from the exposure
thus resulting the fourteen cases re
ported found their origin, as the lat
est dispatches say that nine of the
cases were among the quartermaster's
department employes and five among
refugees. They are regarded as mild
cases of yellow fever.
The promptness with which the sick
men have been isolated and the thor
ough precautions adopted to secure for
them the best nursing and medicine,
combined with the improved methods
of treatment of fever that have been
developed by the United States Marine
Hospital service and adopted by the
army, would seem to warrant the con
fidence expressed by medical officers
here of the ability of the surgeons with
General Shafter to control these sus
picious cases and prevent an extension
of the fever.
The presence In the camp of Dr. John
Guiteras of the University of Penn
sylvania, one of the most famous yol
low fever experts in the world, Is an
additional source of confidence in tha
proper management of the situation.
According to the best information ob
tainable by the Navy Department
there has been no sign of contagious
disease among any of the vessels of
Sampson's fleet, nor among the marines
at Guantanamo, the first of the Amer
ican forces to land in Cuba.
Ohio Cavalry Goes to Tampa.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL MILI
TARY PARK, July 13.— The First Ohio
Cavalry broke camp early to-day and
started on its journey to Tampa. The
regiment marched nine miles to Rin
gold, where trains were boarded. Six
trains were required to move the com
mand. No moving orders for other reg
iments have as yet been received.
Nearly all the regiments in the park
are now working several hours each
day at target practice.
56
THURSDAY JULY 14, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) 19
•erved by carriers In trjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 par year; per monttj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE »O8 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rififc* Hou««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto BuUdlnft
C. GEORGE KROGMESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
opon until 9:30 o'ciocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'chcok- 62' McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 6!5 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£91 Market
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
■treet. open untl> 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second oiu
Kentucky strict*, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEM
Columbia— "L~Bt— Hours "
Alcaiar— "Faust
Morocco's— "Romany Rye "
Tlroll— "Fatmltza."
Orpheum - Vaudeville,
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Han.
French Celebration— tho Chutes.
Olympic— Ma«on and Eddy street*, Specialties,
tutro's Baths— Swlmmlnsr.
El Cam po— Music, daneinsr.boatlugr, fishing 1 , every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Edward S. Spear A Co.— This dar, July 14, Groceries,
Hardware, etc., at 217 Drumm sirset, . at 10 o'clock.
By KMUd A Co. — Tuesday, July 10, Horses, at corner Market
street and Van Ness avenue, at U o'clock.
HONORS FOR THE HEROES.
BY ali means the best suggestion yet made con
cerning the proper method of rewarding our
naval heroes is that of the New York Herald,
which proposes a revival of the rank of admiral and
vice admiral in the navy; the former to be bestowed
upon Dewey lor his decisive victory at Manila, which
virtually gave us the Philippines, and the other upon
Schley, who chased the fleet of Cervera into Santi
ago harbor, bottled it up there and finally destroyed
it when in the rashness of despair it ventured out.
In no other way does it seem that adequate recog
nition, honor and reward can be bestowed upon these
great sea captains without doing some wrong to
others. To place them at the head of the list under
the existing organization of the navy means, of
course, that those who have hitherto ranked them
must be reduced several numbers below their present
standing. There is no reason why that should be
done, and to reduce them without reason vfrould be
an injustice. To revive the higher grades that were
conferred upon the great naval commanders of the
Civil War would wrong no one, and would be, be
sides the most fitting reward for those who in this
conflict have so ably upheld victorious traditions of
Farragut and Porter.
While the proposed revival of the rank of admiral
and vice admiral is likely to receive general support
throughout the country, there will be an equally fa
vorable consideration given to the suggestion of the
Herald regarding the persons to receive the offices.
With respect to the appointment of Dewey to the
higher rank there will be no dispute. The prefer
ment of Schley over Sampson may occasion some
controversy, but the argument of facts is on the side
of the man named by the Herald. It was Schley
who tirelessly chased Cervera all over the Caribbean
Sea: it was Schley who drove him into Santiago, and
it was Schley who commanded the fleet during the
battle that destroyed him. To Schley. therefore, be
longs of right the honor and the reward.
OUR TRADE IN MEXICO.
GEORGE R. ALLEN, one of the vice-presidents
of the National Association of Manufacturers,
who has recently returned from a business tour
through Mexico, is quoted by the Chicago Times-
Herald as reporting that he had visited every city of
importance in the republic from El Paso to Yucatan,
and had everywhere found the feeling very strong in
favor of American merchandise. Nevertheless he
found it difficult to obtain many articles of American
production in any of the cities. In explanation of
this contradiction he said:
"Complaints were registered everywhere about our
manner of doing business, as Americans are entirely
misinformed regarding trade matters there. It is the
common practice of American merchants and manu
facturers to do business with houses that are entirely
antagonistic to their interests by giving them exclusive
agencies because they are the wealthiest and of the
highest standing in the trade. It must be understood
that the bulk of the trade is in the control of German
and Spanish firms. The latter are very much opposed
to the establishment of American houses of any busi
ness in Mexico."
Mr. Allen is further reported as saying he visited
many of the leading houses in different cities under
the pretext of buying such articles as pianos, agricul
tural implement?, etc., and was surprised to find that
while in many cases these houses were the exclusive
agents in Mexico of prominent American manufac
turers, they would not guarantee American goods as
against German or other European goods of the same
sort. .
If any Californian manufacturer or merchant has
given the Mexican agency for his goods to some
learner Spanish or German house in that country this
report will be of interest to him. The only sure way
to build up a trade there is to send Californian drum
mer;: through the principal cities and towns to place
the goods with smaller dealers. Trying to do Ameri
can business through big foreign houses in Mexico, or
possibly in any part of Spanish America, is not likely
to be profitable.
A woman has been sentenced to the electric chair
in New York. Naturally the experience of being
sentenced was not agreeable, but any one inclined to
wager can with lafety back with money the proposi
tion that the woman will not undergo the final ordeal.
There has not yet been time for circulation of peti
tions for clemency, but doubtless they have been
drawn up and will soon be going the rounds.
Americans are said to be finding dummy wooden
guns among the fortifications of Santiago. Spain
would have saved money and accomplisiie as much
at sea if this variety had been used on the ships of
her navy.
If Spain really wants a first-class Premier the ad
vertising columns of this paper are open to the Queen
Regent at reduced rates. , It shall not be said that
we are lacking in charity.
SAN FRANCISCO OND HONOLULU.
IT has pleased Mr. Thurston, lobbyist for annexa
tion, to express the great expectations entertained
by him regarding the effects of union upon
the wealth of the islands. He wants Hawaii to be a
Territory, and ultimately a State. Meantime he pro
poses to have Honolulu erected into one of the great
est naval stations in the world.
Of course this means its fortification and the ex
penditure of a great many million*, and of more
millions on warships to defend those tropical posses
sions. All this expenditure is to be demanded on
the continuing theory that Honolulu Is on the short
est route for commerce through the Nicaragua canal.
As that theory helped annexation along, it is natural
that its proponents should try to use it as a siphon
for millions to be spent for the benefit of Honolulu.
As things have gone and are going, it is probable
that the Western Senators will have leisure to repent
of their votes for annexation.
California has been always rather a step-sister
among the States. Her contribution in taxes to
the public treasury and in commerce to the common
wealth has been large, out of proportion to her popu
lation and still more out of proportion to the bene
fits she has received from her Federal relation.
The shortest route from the western end of the
Nicaragua canal passes within 100 miles of San
Francisco, and is distant 1600 miles from Honolulu.
If the shortest route is to be patrolled by a great
navy, its station should be here and not at Honolulu.
As so many of our commercial bodies have thought
lessly committed themselves to the Hawaiian route;
they cannot now consistently ask the expenditure here
of the many millions which make Mr. Thurston's
mouth water. If the existence of a great naval
station at Honolulu mean the diversion of commerce
to that route, for the sake of the protection it will
have from warships, it means also the sidetracking
of San Francisco as the port of the canal.
Mr. Thurston desires a territorial government for
the islands. If that be accorded we will have the
novel spectacle of a Territory, in novitiate for state
hood, with a voting population of about 1600. with
the cost of its government paid out of the Federal
treasury. Mr. Thurston is justified in saying that
the islands are now an excellent plavc for men with
money. Why not? We have agreed to pay their
debt of four or five millions; as a Territory we will
pay all the cost of their government, and will spend
tens or hundreds of millions in fortifying a naval
station, and will post there many ships to be sup
plied. Truly now is the time for men with money
to get in.
WISE fIND HONORABLE DIPLOMACY.
'"IT-HE conduct of Admiral Dewey since the battle
j of Manila is winning lor him lame in the held
• oi diplomacy second only to that he modestly
bears as a seaman and a soldier. Nothing could
have been more statesmanlike than his treatment of
the German ship which had interfered with the in
surgents and protected the Spanish. He took, the
matter out oi insurgent jurisdiction and sent two of
his own boats to assault the point away from which
the men of Aguinaldo had been intimidated by the
representative of a power which should be strictly
neutral, but which is not. The German skurned oft'
as one who had been detected in mischief.
Worse than no excuse is the statement that the
German intervened on behalf of humanity. So far
as may be gleaned from the fairly complete account
of events as they have thus far been hurried into
the making of history, Admiral Dewey is competent
to throw about the interests of humanity in that quar-
ter as strong a shield as the circumstances require.
Even if he needed help he would not ask the German
admiral for it, and such help could not be tendered
without being construed into an intentional affront.
That there is an ulterior motive in the meddling ten
dency is already apparent. The gathering- of a
strong squadron 01 the Kaiser's war vessels is in it
self a breach of courtesy, and an exhibition of bad
manners.
Admiral Dewey displays excellent Judgment in not
being openly resentful, and yet in maintaining the
dignity of his sway. A rash commander might have
made a hostile demonstration, but Dewcy merely ig
nored the presence of the interloper and the thunder
of his guns, directed not at it, but in spite of it, lent
all the necessary emphasis to the rebuke. Germany
need not expect to plead love for humanity and think
to make the plea impressive. The status of her in
terests in the islands will not sustain the contention,
although there is no need here to enlarge upon this
point.
Nobody believes we are to have with Germany
any trouble rising above the grade of a petty annoy
ance, and one ground for this theory is that such a
man as Admiral Dewey is where he can hold in
check a spirit of aggression which might easily, under
some circumstances, be regarded as a grave danger.
Germany will doubtless go to the greatest length
she can without provoking hostilities. Her states
men must recognize that an overt act leading to war
would involve more than herself and the United
States, and that in the end her fleets would be swept
from the seas as completely as the ill-fated navy of
Spain.
CfILIFORNIAN MINES.
WHILE the energies and capital of so many
mining men have been distracted from Cali
fornia by the Alaska excitement and the Klon
dike craze it is gratifying to learn capitalists of the
Eastern States and of Europe have not lost sight of
the richness of Californian mines nor of the profits
to be gained from judicious investments in them.
From interviews with a number of capitalists from
the mining counties it is learned that in Sierra and
Placer there has been this year a considerable de
velopment of mining property by outside companies.
Among the examples given of this work it was stated
that the famous Thistle mine, about two miles from
Gibsonville, is being worked by a Scotch syndicate,
which is developing a great gravel deposit and now
has a shaft down 500 feet working in good ground.
The Gold Bluff mine has been bonded by two New
York capitalists, who are pumping out the old shaft
and will sink on the same ledge. At the Mountain
quartz mine, which has been idle for some time, East
ern capitalists will begin with a large force and oper-
I ate a forty-stamp mill.
These instances of the activity of Eastern and for
eign mining companies in a comparatively small por
tion of the vast mining district of the State are suffi
cient to show that the attention of mining investors
is not directed wholly to the frozen region of the
Yukon. Moreover, it is safe to say that in the long
ran the Caiifornian investments will pay much better
than the average on the Klondike or any other dis
trict of the Yukon Valley.
Mining in California has in fact ceased to be a
speculation and become a legitimate business with
sure and profitable returns when properly conducted.
Moreover, the full extent of our gold resources is not
yet known. There is a chance for the prospector as
well as for the capitalist to strike it rich and reap the
reward of his labor in a fair fortune.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
FRESH pROM THE PEOPLE.
WHEN the Republican State Central Commit
tee meets to arrange for the State convention
of the party it should so provide for the elec
tion of delegates to that convention that every loyal
Republican will be rightly and properly represented.
It should call for a convention of delegates coming
straight from the people, chosen by the people to
represent the people. It should not be a conven
tion made up of men picked out by local bosses, and
dominated by State bosses. It should not be made
up of old warhorses, or sawhorses, or sawbucks.
It should be made up of independent men. Every
delegate should come to it with his credentials fresh
from the rank and file of the party. It should be a
Republican convention in the full meaning of the
term.
■It has been the practice in some sections of the
State for a county central committee to appoint the
men who represent the county at the State conven
tion. That method may have had some reason for
its practice in times past, but there i& none now. It
may have been a good practice in times past, but
the virtue has gone out of it. It is now a practice
which subordinates the party to petty bosses, de
prives the rank and file of loyal Republicans of any
voice in the conduct of party affairs, virtually elimi
nates the people from politics, destroys enthusiasm,
crowds out men of vigor and originality, and turns
the whole political organism into a species of mech
anism as devoid of intellect as of soul.
In some few remote districts of the State, where
the inhabitants are few and far between, where it is
difficult for voters to assemble, and where primaries
are rendered almost an impossiblity by the very na
ture of things, a delegation to the State convention
named by the county committee may be tolerated,
but from any well settled county such a delegation
should not be accepted. Wherever ft is possible
to hold primaries for the election of delegates to
county conventions they should be held. The State
Central Committee should make that obligatory and
binding on all the great counties of the common
wealth.
The demand of loyal Republicans is for primaries,
honestly conducted, on terms that give every mem
ber of the party an equal right to cast his vote and
have it counted. The conditions of the time add
to the force of that demand. Genuine Republican
ism can achieve a sweeping victory this fall, but
spurious, boss-ridden Republicanism cannot.
To get genuine Republicanism to the front we must
open the way for the rank and file to come forward
with their vigor, their earnestness and their loyalty.
It is the duty of the State Central Committee to see
to it that the way is opened in every county. Let
us have no boss-appointed county conventions or
boss-appointed delegates to the State convention.
Let us have primaries. Let us have delegates fresh
from the people.
OUR CONSULAR SERVICE.
AMONG the more important articles in the mag
azines and reviews for the current month a
prominent place is held by a dissertation on
"Our inadequate Consular Service," by Senator Ste
phen Ai. White. it is another oi the many argu
ments made of late in favor of radical reform in tue
method ot providing men to look after our commer
cial and other interests in different parts oi the world.
As such it merits and will receive the attentive con
sideration of all who are interested in the subject.
The Senator points out that the consular service
is one of growing importance to the nation, for the
reason that our foreign commerce is rapidly extend
ing. As he says the United States is no longer
content with the home market. We meet the world
in the world's markets. Though confident of our
ability to hold our own we can reap our just share
of the world's trade only by utilizing all legitimate
advantages, and our merchants are entitled to insist
that the Government shall do its share within proper
lines toward their protection.
The duties of a Consul are many, and in some
localities they require not only a high order of ability
but a special training for their adequate performance.
The great commercial nations of Europe have learned
the value of trained men in their consular service and
have long been careful in the selection of them. In
the United States, on the other hand, the consular
service continues to be a part of the spoils of poli
tics, and its offices are distributed with but little re
gard for commercial interests. As a consequence
we are being outstripped in commerce, even in mar
kets where with our advantages we ought to have the
lion's share.
Among the defects of the system which Mr. White
points out are the uncertainty of tenure, the frequent
changes in office, the inadequate pay in many cases
and the injustice of some of the laws governing the
service. He gives a curious illustration of the lat
ter. An American Consul at Tamatave was com
pelled to conduct the trial of a person charged with
murder. The defendant was found guilty and sen-
tenced to ten years' incarceration. Our Government
made no provision for his detention, and the unfor
tunate Consul, serving in a tropical clime at a small
salary, was compelled at his own expense to hold and
board the prisoner. He was providentially relieved,
for after several months' imprisonment his unwel
come charge died; but not a cent was ever awarded
by the Government to recompense the Consul for
either the trial or the imprisonment.
The issue is an old one, but Senator White has
treated it with an originality that gives it a new in
terest. The proposed reform is one in which all
commercial bodies should interest themselves. It
is time to make the consular service an effective part
of the Government, but the reform will never be
accomplished so long as it is left as a part of the
prey of politicians.
WORSE THAN AN ARMED FOE.
IT is to be devoutly hoped that the fever which
seems to have made its appearance among our
soldiers in Cuba will be checked by prompt and
intelligent treatment. Its coming is no surprise.
Santiago and its environs were known to reek with
the germs of the deadly malady. If it shall sweep
through the army, as sometimes it has through a
stricken city, the list of those who perish at the
hands of the armed foe will be as nothing compared
with the list of those who must perish miserably of
the scourge.
One result of the peril will be to hasten the attack
on Santiago, and make it swift and irresistible. Let
our brave boys do the work before them and then
speed from the plague spot. It will not be a cow
ardly retreat. There are horrors which even a va
liant soldier should not be called on to face. Ha
vana will be taken, but we can wait. No reinforce
ments can come to the salvation of Spain, but with
yellow fever as an ally it has more than human aid.
General Toral's idea of surrender seems to be to
walk away unmolested, carrying everything portable,
and continuing the fight later at some new point.
Probably Linares will surrender his sword as soon
as Hearst shall get near enough to receive it
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
B. U. Steinman of Sacramento is at the
Palace.
Lewis Meyer of Alaska is a guest at the
Baldwin.
W. B. Dean and wife of Winnemucca
are at the Russ.
F. T. Sutherland, the well known mining
man, is In town. '
Sam Rucker, ex-Mayor of San Jose, 's
staying at the Palace.
J. W. Dougherty of Dougherty ia regis
tered at the Occidental.
Marshal Armstrong of Phoenix, Ariz.,
is stopping at the California.'
A. J. Bruner, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is staying at the Palace.
Graham E. Babcock and wife of Coron
ado are registered at the Palace.
W. E. Peyton of the Santa Cruz Powder
Works is stopping at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Pope of Menlo
Park are stopping at the Occidental.
®£«a«S»»CO2 Harry T. Cres-
well, Eugene
Garber (d e
ceased) and Crlt
tenden Thornton
were the three
TO TAXE ®
» HIS OWN 0
B A\EDICINE. O
2ww«*~~~~ '& guardsmen of the
0000000000 law not many
years ago, and their adventures gave rise
to many an after dinner story, the dra
matis personae of which included all
three. One that has not yet appeared in
print, and which Eugene Garber took par
ticular delight In telling, is the following:
Crittenden Thornton is known among the
legal fraternity for his wonderfully reten
tive memory, especially evidenced In an
off-hand citation of cases. He would in
vite both Creswell and Garber to lunch,
and Just about the time when his guests
were awe-stricken by his remarkable dis
play of knowledge, Thornton would state
some mooted proposition of law, and ask
the opinion of both Creswell and Garber
concerning a correct solution. Ordinarily
it was some problematical question which
might have been solved In one of two
ways. When the conjectural opinion of
the catechised was wrong, Thornton, who
had primed himself upon the question,
would say: "Well, your conclusions might
be adjudged correct were it not for the
case of so and so in the United States Re
ports, and the case of so and so decided
by the Supreme Court of California in
such a year." This happened frequently,
to the mortification of both Creswell and
Garber. One fine day the under dogs laid
a plot for revenge. They discovered a
very intricate and involved legal question,
and they poured over the books until they
had at least a dozen strong cases proba
tive of the side to which they allied
themselves. Thornton was their guest
this time. The bait was dangled before
him, and after a most brilliant guess ho
stated what the law must be, according to
his interpretation, but it was not the law.
Then followed the old formula: "Yes,
your conclusions might be adjudged cor
rect were it not, etc." Eugene Garber
considered this little sally one of the hap
piest moments of his life.
Fred Dwld, proprietor of Hughes Hotel,
Fresno, Is staying at the Baldwin.
F. A. Hihn. a prominent resident of
Santa Cruz, is staying at the Grand.
John Holllngsworth and Mias Hol
llngsworth of Woodland are at the Oc
cidental.
J. C. Alnsworth. proprietor of the Ro
tunda Hotel of Portland, is registered at
the Palace.
James Overstreet and wife arrived yes
terday from Indianapolis and are staying
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. I^ouls G. Dreyfus and
family of Santa Barbara are stopping at
the California.
A. A. Wilder, who has recently gradu
ated from the Yale Law School, arrived
In this city last night. He will leave for
Honolulu on an early boat, and will en
gage in active practice upon hla arrival
In Honolulu.
JIM'S LETTERS.
Po' little Jim! I think er him,
An' somethin' in me cries.
These latter days, when there's a haze
Comes In his mother's eyes.
Jlst now an' then I see it, when
She's thlnkin' of the boy,
Who went away one summer's day.
An' tuck his mother's joy.
'Twas in the time of our prime;
Grim war was callin' loud,
"When little Jim stepped out so prim,
An' han'some, game and proud.
'Twae sorter so I couldn't go —
I had so much to do,
To work an' find for them behind.
An' see the old folks thoo.
But little Jim, whose eyes was dim,
For jes' a second's flight,
He up an' Mowed he'd be the crowd
To do the family fight.
But Jim could write as well as fight,
An' when his letters come.
Up at the head, in blue an" red.
Was flags, an life an' drum.
Indeed an' truth, that little youth
Had pictur's by the score,
An' every time he writ a line
He sent us one er more.
But Nancy said 'at when she read
What Jimmy had to tell,
It holp her thoo, for then she knew
'At he was safe an" well.
But atterwhile the faint-like smile
Of Nancy faded out;
The mall was dumb— no letters come —
An' hope was drowned in aouDt.
The other men come home again,
But Jimmy wasn't 'long-
In battle's strife his brave young life
Had jined the hero throng.
An' now I know dear Nancy so
Her eyes with tear drops dim.
Tell me, right then, she's read again
Them picture notes from Jim
—Chicago Tlmea-Herald.
DAVY JONES PROTESTS.
Telephone Call 14,746, July 3, 9 a. m -
B-a-z-z-z-2t!"
"Hello! What's wanted?"
"Is this Davy Jones' locker?"
"Yea. Who's talking? 1 '
''This is Admiral Sampson s fleet. Please
call Mr. Jones to the 'phone • • • Hello 1
That you, Mr. Jones?'' '
"Yes; this is Davy Jones."
"Admiral Sampson sends his respects
and begs to inform you that the Spanish
fleet is coming out of Santiago harbor.
Kindly prepare for its reception."
"Pretty crowded, but I'll do my best.
Good-by.
"Good-by." B-z-z-z-z-t.
Telephone Call 14,747. July 3, 10:30 a. m —
B-z-z-z-z-t. "Hello! Is this Admiral
Sampson's fleet?"
"Yes. Who's this talking?"
"Davy Jones. Present respects to Ad
miral Sampson, and inform him that
Pluton, first of consignment, ha» been re
ceived. Good-by."
Telephone Call 14,748, July 3. 10:45 a. m.—
B-z-z-z-e-t. "Hello! Sampson's fleet?
This is Davy Jones. Furor received.
Good-by."
Telephone Call 14,749, July 3, 12 m.—
B-z-z-z-z-t. "Hello! Sampson's fleet?
Yes, this is Jones. Almirante Oquendo
received. Coming pretty fast. Any more
coming? What' 3 that? Gosh! Good-by."
Telephone Call 14,750, July 3, 12:15 p. m.—
B-z-z-z-z-t. "Hello, Sampson! Say,
slow down there, can't you? Infanta
Maria Teresa just arrived. Don't hustle
a man so. This is no summer hotel.
Good-by."
Telephone Call 14,751. July 3, 12:30 p. m.—
B-z-z-z-z-t. "Hello! Vizcaya arrived.
Have put out Standing- Room Only sign.
This Is getting beyond a joke. Two of
my assistant mermen have struck. What
are you trying to do; bottle me up, too?
No! apologies don't go. Good-by."
Telephone Call 14.752, July 3, 2 p. m.—
B-z-z-z-z-t. "Hello! That you. Samp
son? No, I want the admiral himself
* • * Hello! Look here, Sampson, I'm
boss here, and I want you to understand
that I've closed shop. See? The Cris
tobal Colon's nere, and she's the last
Understand that? I've shut and locked
the locker, and I'm going back now to sit
on the cover. That goes, too. Good-bv "
Telephone Call 14,753, July 4, 10 a. m.—
B-z-z-z-z-t. "Hello! This Is the Whito
House, U. 8. A.?"
"Yes; what's wanted?"
I "Davy Jones' respects to President Mc-
Kinley, and he'd like to talk with him j
over the 'phono for a minute.
Hello!" 
"This President AlcKlnley? Congratu- ,
lations, Mr. President, on your glorious
Fourth." _" ,
"Many thanks, Mr. Jones. Can I be of
any service to you?" 
"Yes. Mr. President; I want you to call
off your navy." ... .
"Beg pardon. Mr. Jones. I don t think
I quite understand you." . . .
"Mr. President, I've pot too much busi
ness. I want a respite."
"But wnat have I—"I — "
"I'll tell you. On May 1 I got a con
signment of Spanish ships from Admiral
Dewey."
"Yes."
"I've just got them nicely stowed away, ;
and now comes Admiral Sampson with a |
rush order that's Just swamped my ac
commodations, and am hiring extra help
as fast as I can."
"I'm sorry we discommoded you, Mr.
Jones."
"Now, Mr. President, as between poten
tate and potentate. I want to ask you if
you've any more Spanish ships in sight? [
"Well, there's another fleet around at
Suez that—"
"Great —een-eared sea serpents! An
other? Do you think I want a Spanish
colony down hero? I won't atand it!"
"But, Mr. Jones — "
"No 'but' about it, Mr. President. I
won't stand it. You send 'em here and
I'll turn 'em back. There's a limit to my j
endurance. No, sir; I'll turn the locker |
over to the mermen and go out of busl- j
ness, and that settles it."
"Very well, Mr. Jones. Tn that case
we'll have to keep the Spanish fleet our
selves." _
"That's the idea, Mr. President. Con
gratulations on your victory and good — j
wait a minute. Mr. President, will you i
do me a favor?"
"With pleasure, Mr. Jones. hat is
it'"
"If your nation gets into trouble with i
Germany let me know In time so that I j
can resign and go and climb a tree."
"Certainly. Good-by. Mr. Jones."
"Thanks. Good-bv. Mr. President."
B-z-z-z-z-t. — Now York Sun.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WAR REVENUE STAMPS— T. G. H.,
Carson City, Nev. You should communi
cate with some well-known philatelist
and he will be able to furnish you all the
information about war revenue stamps.
Also about exposition stamps.
WAR REVENUE LAW— J. R.. City.
The only portion of the war revenue law
that refers to wines is tho follow-in;?:
"Sparkling or other wines when bottled
for pale, upon each bottle of one pint or
less. 1 cent; upon each bottle containing
more than one pint, 2 cents."
MARRIAGE LICENSE— C. W.G.,High
land Park, East Oakland. Cal. A mar
riage license is required in all the States
and Territories except Idaho. Now Mexi
co, New Jersey, New York. North Da
kota and Oklahoma. In Maryland legal
marriage can be had only by an ordained
minister.
THE WRONG DATE— H. O. W., Han
ford, Cal. You have evidently made a
mistake as to the date. This department
announced that dimes of 1594, not 1^92,
coined at the San Francisco Branch Mint
command a premium. In that year there
were but twenty-four of these coined and
some parties have offered a premium of
$5 for each. It is very doubtful if any
are in circulation, for all are accounted
for, or were, a few months ago.
OIL OF THE EUCALYPTUS— Constant \
Reader, San Jose, Cal. The leaves of the
eucalyptus yield a volatile oil that pro
duces eucalyptol, a camphor by distilla
tion. It Is an aromatic bitter, promotes dl- i
gestion, is highly antiseptic and anti-ma
larial and is valuable in atonic dyspepsia
and in intermittent fever. It is al3o used :
In bronchitis, in eardiseases and in various !
liniments and washes. Any wholesale j
drughouse can furnish additional informa
tion about the oil.
A WORLD CORRESPONDENT—As
troIogria. City. Sylvester Scoville, a cor
respondent of the New York World, was
arrested February 5, 1897, at Tumas, j
Santa Clara Province, Cuba, and was
thrown into prison for being, it was
charged, the bearer of important papers
from President McKinley to President
Mhkso and General Gomez. He was a
long 1 time after released, and there was
some talk of the Spanish Government of- j
ferlng a reward of $10,000 for his capture i
if found again in such business.
GERMAN BATTLE-SHIPS— I. A. S.,
San Luis Obispo, Cal. Germany has seven
first class battle -ships, four second class
and six third class. The second and third
class are ready for service, but only four
of the first class are ready. Four of the
first, two of the second and two of the
third class were in commission in the
early part of the year. The first class
vessels are: The Brandenburg, Kurfurst
Frledrich Wllhelm, Weissenburg. Woerth,
Kaiser Friedrlch 111. Konlg Wilhelm II
anu Ersatz Konig Wilhelm. The second
class are the Eaden, Balren, Sachsen and
Wurtemberg; those of the third class are
the Deutschland, Kaiser and Oldonburg
of class A, and the Friedrlch der Grosse,
Preussen and Konig Wilhelm of class B.
THE DOOM OF SPAIN.
The correspondents all report an out
ward calm, and all mention, without quite
believing, that the graver Spaniards still
entertain hopes of peace either on the
basis of the status quo. which is noifsense,
or on the plan that Spain should grant
independence to Cuba, that Washington
should guarantee the Cuban debt, and
that Madrid should retain Porto Rico and
the Philippines. These childish ideas are,
however, all based either on ignorance aa
to the current of events, which is diligent
ly fostered by the Ministry, who daily
feed the people with wind, or on the fancy
that because Mr. Mcl^inley detests blood
shed, he can therefore make a peace
which his whole nation would regard as
ridiculous or shameful. The truth, how
ever, must filter down, however slowly;
and our conviction that when that truth
is realized and nothing more is hoped
from Admiral Cervera, Spain, and especi
ally Southern Spain, will explode in a
burst of revolutionary passion, remains
unchanged.
The people consider, not without justice,
that they have been "betrayed," not in
deed by this government, but by a suc
cession of governments, dating from IS4S.
An, enormous debt has been created, mil
lions have been voted for armaments, the
children of Spain have been taken for the
army, more especially of late. In scores of
thousands, and nevertheless the magnifi
cent country, full of wealth and seated on
two seas, has been left without any ade
quate means of defense. Its navy was
hardly fit for a battle, its army of 200,000
men failed to subdue a colony which
never collected 30,000 Insurgents for its
war of liberation. The popular judgment
attributes much of this almost Chinese in
efficiency to Intrigue, and much mere to
corruption, and will, as we believe, most
assuredly demand an account, which is
not likely, the rational character being
what it is, to be liquidated without blood
shed.
We expert a terrible outbreak in Spain.
and our judgment is in no May modified
by the statements that the ruling classes
of the cities expect nothing of the kind
that they believe the army can and will'
protect them ,and that the tide of amuse
ment shows as deen a volume as ever
The theaters were all open in Paris? while
the tumbrils were rolling toward thf> guil
lotine, and would be open next week if the
plague were carrying off GOO men a day.
We pity the Queen Regent, who is a good
woman, and a brave; we pity the present
government, which has been guilty only
of untruthfulness, and is possibly un
truthful to itself as well as to Its sup
porters, and we pity Spain itself, which is
responsible only for part of its misfor
tunes; but if there is one truth more cer
tain than another, it is that men inherit
misfortunes as well as fortunes, or, as the
old Hebrew put it. that "the fathers have
eaten sour grapes, and the childen's
teeth are set on edge."— The Spectator.
THE LINE OF FIRE.
The remark attributed to Admiral Dew
ey by a correspondent of the London
Dally Telegraph may be authentic or may
be apocryphal. We do not know. It does
not particularly matter. What Is cer
tain Is that it might well be authen
tic, and It is characteristic and signifi
cant. The admiral is said to have told
Prince Henry of Prussia— presumably on
a certain interesting occasion at Hong
kong—that he would be glad to see any
German officers at Manila, "but It would
be well to caution them to keep out of the
American line of fire." There are some
grounds for doubting whether he made
such a remark. But at least It sounds
much like him, and it Is superbly ex
pressive of the American spirit In this
war and of the attitude of this nation
toward the world.
The Interest of other nations In the war
in both hemispheres. Is not to be denied.
In a measure every civilized nation is in
terested in everything that is done by or
is done to every other nation, fhe hack
neyed boast of P. Terentius \ arro is to*'
be applied to States as well as to indi
vfdual men. But then our interests are
cZeme and paramount above all others
put together. It is our war, and no
other's and It is our war with Spain, and
with no other. The line of fire Is between
the United States and Spain and nowhere
Pise It Is earnestly desired that it shall
not be diverted elsewhither. This coun
ty does not intend that it shall be divert
ed It does not mean to divert it in order
to attack any other object. Neither does
it mean to divert it in order to avoid hit
tin k any other object that may be ob
truded upon It.— New York Tribune.
THE WORLD'S CREDITOR.
Once more the balance of foreign trad«
surpasses the expectations which even
the most hopeful ventured to indulge. It
! was said some weeks ago that exports in
May would probably run about $100,000,000
and exceed imports by at least 000 000
Rut the actual exports were $110,239,206 in
value and exceeded imports by $56,980,359.
In seven of the ten months since the new
tariff went into effect the exports have
i exceeded $100,000,000. and the total excess
! over imports in those months has been
! 459 828 That no other such year has
ever rejoiced this people it is needless to
say The obvious conclusion cannot be
avoided that protective duties do not.pre
vent heavy exports, as many theorists
have long argued, nor have they in this
instance operated mainly by prohibition
of prevention of imports, for the Prosper
ity of the country has been so great that,
even with the home market tor -many
kinds of goods almost entirely secure a to
domestic producers the aggregate of im
ports has declined less than was ex P|«_
cd. It is mainly in creating and mam
taining that general prosperity that the
Ch i rifVo f r^ rl w ff hr,fto ha nlotf^atn l otf^at in eleven
months ending with May more than a
quarter of the exports have been oi
of mineral oil $50,198,715. Meanwhile other
domestic exports have amounted to 5^».
lffi I. against $352 547.200 in the same
months of the previous year. It is well
i known how great the expansion has been
:in some of the other exports— in iron
1 products about $10,000,000. in hops over
$1,000,000 and in copper and fruits eacn.
1 about $1,000,000. in oilcake over $2.000 ,000
and as much in cottonseed oil, ana nearly
|2W)0W)0 in paper, besides substantial
gains in many other articles. .spite ot
the vastly increased home demand during
the last eleven months, American pro
ducers have been able also to supply
largely increased quantities for export.
! A difference of $554,459,528 between ex
; ports and imports in value during ten
months has not been due in large meas
ure to fradulent undervaluation of im
ports, though such frauds still exist and
! are of importance, in spite of the more
i general use of specific instead of ad va
! lorem duties under the new tariff. Prob
! ably a material portion has been cut otf.
so that instead of more than $60,000,000
such undervaluations have been reduced
! below $30 000,000 for these months. - JBut
this affects but little the enormous bal
ance. Neither have specie imports
squared the account, though of gold alone
the net imports in ten months have been
! more than $100,000,000— 5106,202,403— the
1 greatest net gain ever attained in the
whole of any previous year having been
I $97,043,127 in ISB2. The net exports of sil
ver, $20,043,351 in ten months, have been
1 larger in several years, and reduce tho
: balance received .in specie against mer
: chandise account to about $86,000,000. It
, I there be further added the undervalua
! '■ tlons, and about $40,000,000 for interest and
, 1 dividends due abroad, only $156,000,000
would appear to have been canceled,
leaving almost $400,000,000 yet to be met
by return of securities to this country or
in some other way.— New York Tribune.
THE CENSUS OF 1900.
There is a controlling reason why tho
next census should be taken by experta
selected after competitive examination,
and not be complicated with partisan pol
itics, and that is the benefit of the coun
try. The census has nothing to do -with
politics or policies. It is purely a statis
tical work, and what those who do it
think on the tariff or currency does not
count "What is wanted is the best possi
ble corps of men to take the most ac
curate census at the least expense. A3 •
one census is hardly complete before pre- I
paration for a new one begins, a perma- '
nejit bureau, with an expert forcp. is de
sirable, but, lacking that, an urganiza- .
tion under the civil service rules would
doubtless give the best result for the
least money, and would command the
greatest public confidence — an essential
in a statistical work for use not only in
all commercial, economic and scientific
calculations, but also forming the basia
for the distribution of political power.
The census must be above reproach,
even from the unreasonable, to satisfy,
all parties and all sections that they have
their just representation in Congress. 4
Mr. Porter^ the director of the last cen
sus, has condemned the system of polit
ical appointments then prevailing, and
his successor, Mr. Carroll D.Wright, says
that $2,000,000 and a year's time might
have been saved had the eleventh cen
sus been taken under civil service rules,
and also says that under his own admin
istration a third of the expense of the
bureau has been wasted because the of
fice is not under civil service rules.— New
York Tribune.
WAR HURRICANE WARNINGS.
An Interesting indication of the Govern
ment's plan appeared last night in a di
reclion to Dr. F. A. Davis of this city to
ho^d himself In readiness to work on. a
West Indian weather bureau station with
in ten days. A call for volunteers was
sent out last Thursday by the central of
fice at Washington and the news dis
patches announced that an application
had been made for an appropriation of
$75,000 with which to establish a cordon of
stations along the Windward Islands and
the northern coast of South America.
The occasion just vow for taking this
step was to be prepared to give the com
manding officers of the \\ 'est Indian
Bquadron timely notice of approaching
hurricanes. The fleet is deploying off a
very inhiisoitable Lee shore, ami in the
Caribbean Sea the hurricanes are some
thing to be remember* d. A compara
tively trifling fall of the barometer there
inclii-ateß ;i luriOUß Btorm during July and
August, and $75,1)00 would be deemed a
cheap insurance, where warships costing
a couple of millions apiece are in a way
to be warned of danger.— Boston Herald.
THE POMEROY MONUMENT.
The cut represents the monument un
veiled at PeekskiU, N. V., on Bunker Hill
day in meufiory of General Seth Pomeroy,
a famous Colonial soldier. The shaft
stands near the spot where General Pom
eroy died and was buried. It was pro
vided by the Sons of the Revolution. The
shaft is of polished Quincy granite from
Massachusetts.
On one side is the following inscrip
tion: "PeekskiU. Feb. 11. 1777. "I go cheei
fuily, for I am sure the cause we are en
gaged in is just and the call 1 have to it
Is clear, and the call of God.' Seth Pom-
roy."
On other sides is the following: "Gen
eral Seth Pomeroy, born at Northampton,
Mass.. May 20th. 1706. Died near this
spot Feb. 10th, 1777." "Ensign 1743, cap
tain 1744, major at Louisbuurg 1745, colonel
at Lake George 1755, brigadier general
1775, Bunker Hill 1775."
Cal. clace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
"Does your husband really say that it
is not proper for a man to wear hla bicy
cle suit to church?"
"Yes; that is his excuse for staying
away." — Indianapolis Journal.
Volunteers— Put yourselves in fighting trim
with a bottle of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bit
ters to regulate your digestion.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure the worst
cold in twe.ve hours, er money retunded. No _i
Percentage Pharmacy. H
Policy of the New America, by-
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in.
next Sunday's Call.HONOLULU'S
FAIR FUTURE
Uncle Sam to Pay for
Improvements.
MINISTER HATCH'S OPINION
WOULD DRAW ALL COMMERCE
FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
Nicaragua Canal Trade Diverted
Direct to the Islands — Whits
Men to Compete With
Coolies.
1,. A. Thurston, ex-Mtnlster of Hawaii,
end F. M. Hatch, the present Minister,
to.'k their departure for the islands last
evening on the steamer Alanieda, but be
fore they left they expressed their opin
ions ■ -! Important topics rela
tive to the annexation of the Sandwich
-, and the future relations to this
city and State.
In their remarks they were bo enthusi
astic for the future prosperity of the isl
ands that they overlooked the effect that
such prosperity would have upon the city
by the Gol lea Gate. In plowing terms
Mr. Thunston pictured a mnpiiflcent coal
ing station f ir the United States far out
in the middle of the PacirV and called at
m to what a splendid naval and mili
tary outpost this little group of Islands
would make. "The city of Honolulu," he
sn:.i, "has no protection against inva-
Blon." And udded, "We are not concern
ing ourselves ab< ut this. The United
States Government will attend to the
matter of fortifying the weak places that
arc* most exposed to attack, should a hos
%'.]•• i ■• wer ever take a notion to pay the
islands a visit."
"Would it not also be necessary to
maintain a number of war vessels in
those waters? 1 was asked.
"Certainly, [n the present war it has
■ ed that fortification* without
war ships art- of but little service, as
again:-: a fleet of cruisers. The Govern
ment will certa ■ to keep a number
of fighting vessi - at the Islands. I can
not tell what tl • .si of erecting fortlfl
na and ma i g war ships there
I be. The Government will, of course,
attend 1 I -•■ matters. Yea, It will cost
rable, I will admit, but Uncle Sam
Is not a pau]
Bame lines Mr. Hatch had a
f.v. v. i is to say. He is of the opinion
that Pear; Harbor, seven miles from Hon
olulu, Is one of the best coaling and naval
. the Pacific, after the Govern
m< ni had widened, mad--- deeper and
straightened out the channel. "The chan
lid, "is fairly straight now."
knowledged that he has no idea
■hes? improvements will cost, and,
like Mr. Thurston, he is willing to leave
the details— and cost — of such matters to
the Gi
B< th gentlemen have the belief that
Honolulu has a glorious future when the
igua canal is complete. Upon this
subject Mr. Tburston said: "With a ca
ble across the Pacific that city will be a
place- where every vessel in those waters
wiil stop for instructions and to confer
with the home offices by wire. Every
ship going through the canal, either to
or from Astatic ports, will stop at the
Island? for news. We expect to have one
of th" busiest harbors In the world. Situ
atf-d as we a;v In the middle of the ocean,
we \\ i visit from every vessel
fr»m the eastern coast of the " United
States and Kuropo going through the
Nicaragua canal, bound for Asiatic
port*,"
Mr. Hate!: agreed with these views, on
xpatiated in a manner showing
that he ex] <■• la :■> completely cut the port
of Pan Francisco out of all trade coming
through th- transcontinental waterway—
the canal. "There :'re some people who
argue that will stek the shortest
way from the canal on this side of the
continent to Asia by taking In the 'great
circle," which would lead them away to
the north. This is all nonsense. Ships
Sestined for Asia will take to the smootn
pst waters, wh'.-re they will have fewer
norms to contend with, and where they
will avoid the Japan current, and this
way is directly to the Sandwich Islands.
Ships bound for Australia will take the
;ame course. Yes; we have a great fu
ture."
"It looks as though San Francisco
would be entirely cut out of all this
trade?" was suggested.
"Yes," answered Mr. Hatch, Blo\rly, and
added: "But the Islands will not be as a
foreign country. They will be a part of
;h< I'nited States."
If the df-sirfs of these two gentlemen
ire fulfilled there will be a big exodus of
farmers from the Unitc-d States with
money to invest in Island lands soon
after annexation. They wish to see as
ninny of this class settle in the Hawaiian
islands as possible. Mr. Hatch suggested
that they could work on the co-operative
plan, raising small lots of cane, which
they could p^II to the factories. Th>- cane
rould be raised in connection with other
rrops. »his brought up the question of
labor, and particularly contract labor, for
FIGHTING FOR
THE ESTATE OF
AN INCOMPETENT
Frank J. Kane Alleges That
Frank Osborn Has Been
Defrauded.
«= At 4 o'clock on the 6th of the present month. Frank Osborn, who resides *
* With his uncles, John H. Entfel and George Nelson Engef, and his aunt, Mrs. *
* Mary Dmschel, at lI2S Union street, becuma of age. Twenty minutes later he
had ; ■:•.•:. ;j v. ;. v i.i Interest in the < states of his grandparents, Henry G. F.
Engel ana Elizabeth Engel. and another uncle. James Bagel, valued In total
at about $2500. Frank J. Kane of th ■> Society for tho Prevention of Cruelty
* to Childni: has taken the matter up, however, and a legal battle will take '
place next week to determine whether the alcgatlons of Kane that Osborn *
* 1h an incompetent and was taken advantage of and defrauded of his prop- *
* orty arc based upon fact or not. Th ■ case was to have been heard yester- *
t day. but It was postponed until next Wednesday. It is alleged in the com- .
11 of I'mi.k J. Kane and in his petition to be appointed guardian that +
the relatives ot Osbnrn with whom he is now residing, who wifh Osborn are
states left by Henry O. F. Engel. Elizabeth Engel and James
* Engpl, conspired to deprive young Osborn of his lawful and rightful Interest *
*■• In the estates und that they knowingly, unlawfully and fraudulently con- ♦
*■. ceaicd from the court the fact that Osborn war. an heir to the estate and *
I fraudulently represented that they were- the sole heirs of the estate. The *
; i i tltion further states that by reason of f!»e lncompeteney of Oaborn he
was incapable of transferring his Interest In the estate and that his weak
was taken advantage of by his relatives, as they wished to securo the
* Whole of the estates for their own use and benefit. •
John s Bannerman lias been employed by Frank Kano to prosecute the
Interests of young Osborn. "1... C. I'isiolesi. who represents the relatives and *
: Other heirs to the estate, camo to my office a few days ago," said Mr. Ban- *
* Herman yesterday, "and told me that I had better dismiss the action recently #
$ Instituted :ik ] had no cause of complaint. He stated that everything in con-
£ nectloa with Osborn's transfer was straight and that he was of legal age to "
make such an assignment. Pistoles! was very exact as to his statements of
time and the young man's age and further stated that the assignment had not *
taken place until twenty minutes after Osborn had become of age, which ma- *
portant event in tin.' young man's 1 1 f — had occurred at 4 o'clock of the 6th *
* inst. Osborn had been taken before some doctor who pronounced him com- *
4c petent to make the transfer, notwithstanding the fact that the young man
* is incapable of changing money. It Is evident, however, that Plstolesi does not t
consider the action we are at present taking without merit, as yesterday he
went before a Judge sitting in Judge Troutt's Department of the Superior *
' Court and asked that an order for the distribution of the estate be amended *
and that Frank Osborn be named as one of the heirs of the estate for a Mm- *
* Jted amount. I was in court at the time and although the order granting *
t leave to amend the decree of distribution had already been made out by the %
(c court It was destroyed on my motion. The matter will now be tried on its %
I, merits and many interesting little features will inevitably develop."
WILL SING PATRIOTIC SONGS.
Mrs, Annls Montaaue Turner, Who Will Take Part
in the Fall of the Bastile Celebration at the
Chutes This Afternoon. .
The committee from the French Society and the Red Cross Society who
attended the rehearsal of the musical numbers to be given at the Chutes are
all most enthusiastic in their praise of Mrs. Montague Turner's strong sweet
voice and her Intensely dramatic rendition of American national songs. Mrs.
Montague Turner is a native of Honolulu and a sister of Mrs. Samuel Alexander
of Oakland. She makes her first appearance in this city as one of the "an
nexed" citizens. She received her education in Paris and has been for some
years conducting her own opera company in the Australian cities.
which the islands have had an unenviable
reputation.
Mr. Thurston said that there are now
about 35.000 coolies from China and Japan
there, of which number 22,000 work on the
sugar plantations. Of these 9000 are what
are known as contract laborers, that is,
chattels who have been induced to leave
their native lands under contract to labor
in the cane fields for a stated period for a
certain small wage. When asked what
effect these coolies under contract would
have upon free white labor coming from
the States, the gentleman hastened to say
that the contract system is rapidly dying
out. and now only consists of an agree
ment between the contractor and the la
borer that the latter shall be under obli
gation to pay to the former the price of
the fare from the coolies' home to the
islands. "We hope," said Mr. .Ihurston,
"that the effect of annexation will be to
increase the scale of laborers' wages all
over the islands. We are sure that white
men can go there and make a good living,
for all the presence of those who are now
, "•V^iat'is the general run of wages paid
in the Hawaiian Islands?"
"The average wage is $12 50 a month ana
found. The straight wage Is about $17.
It Is on such wages as these that they
expect to induce white laborers to leave
the States and go to the Islands, where
they will have to compete with coolies,
thousands of whom are under contract
for a length of time "for passage money.
After a little further conversation about
the great possibilities of the new territory
when the Government makes the neces
sary improvements and the people with
money flock there for investments, the
gentlemen hurried away to pack up for
the trip to the new Territory.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
Supervisor Sheehan Hurt.
Supervisor Sheehan has been detained
at his home several days by - painful in
lury to his knee, which he sustained last
Monday evening. He attended the cele
bration griven by the Sunset Improvement
Club and while attempting to board a
moving car fell and was seriously hurt.
It is feared that the injury may disable
him for a long time.
Advances mad* on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1123 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
DR. M'NUTT
NOT INSOLVENT
Says His Reported Fail
ure Is Untrue.
A TRUST DEED REDEEMED
PAYS A DEBT IN FAVOR OF THE
JOHNSON ESTATE.
The Alleged Sacrifice of the Sanita
rium on Sutter Street in
Favor of Creditors
Denied.
Dr. TV. F. McNott, who it was claimed
was financially embarrassed and com
pelled to sacrifice his real estate interests
in order to satisfy the demands of his
creditors, denies the report as groundless
and without the least foundation of
truth.
In speaking of his alleged failure last
evening he said: "Every line that was
published about my being In financial
straits is false. The entire report was based
upon a conference that Attorney McEn
erney had with the trustees of the Johnson
estate t.iis afternoon, concerning the
proper adjustment to be made relative to
my gaining possession of tne lot situated
on the southerly line of California street,
above Van Ness avenue, the site of my
former residence.
"Just prior to J. C. Johnson's death I
grave a trust deed on the property In Ms
fuvor. the agreement being that the
money obtained would be devoted toward
removing the building on the site to Sut
ter street and the proper alterations and
additions made in converting the entire
structure to suit the purposes of a pri
vate sanitarium. The money obtained
from the building was to be devoted to
the payment of the value of the deed
given me to Johnson. This agreement
wus strictly adhered to until the time of
Johnson's death, when, In the adjustment
of his estate, my property was included
a.s a portion of It.
"It was to regain the possession of the
lot that my lawyer held a conference
this morning," said McNutt, "with the
trustees of the Johnson estate. After a
short deliberation I concluded to deed
over another piece of property In order to
be released from the necessity of sacrific
ing the site of my old home on California
street. Beyond this transaction, how
ever, there was nothing done, as there
was absolutely no need for me to ar
range my estate to the satisfaction of
supposed creditors, because beyond the
Johnson heirs. I have none.
"The remark that the sanitarium !s
Included In the property deedsd to the
Johnson estate for the release of the
California-street property is untrue. The
building, which at present Includes my
home, was never In better condition
financially, and It Is the last possession
that 1* hold that I would think of dis
posing of. The demands of the trustees
of the Johnson estate have already been
siitisfled and the .deed given by me to i
Johnson personally is redeemed, which j
means tha full payment of my entire in
debtedness. Beyond the public record of
the redemption of this deed I don't think
that the public has any right to meddle
with my affairs. If I want to sell or
even mortgage a piece of property It Is
my own business, and should be consid
ered such by those prying Into my affairs
to find a loophole for general gossip."
The reported Indebtedness of Dr. Mc-
Nutt Is $140,000, nearly three-fourths of
which Is claimed to be held In mortgages'
by the various city banks.
Policy of the New America, by
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call.
Had His Leg Broken.
George Langton of 4598 Eighteenth
street met with a serious accident last
evening. He was riding a horse along
Seventeenth street when the animal
stumbed and fell. Langton was thrown
off, his left leg being broken in two
places. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the Injured member was
set.
CAFE SPRECKELS, 15th floor, Call buUdln*.
has changed hands; now under management of
Mr. Albert Wolff, formerly proprietor of Malson
de l'Opera, Oakland. Regular lunch, with
wine, 7fc; dinner, with wine, JL
WHISPERING
GAVIN M'NAB
Why the Governor Dis
trusts Him.
HOW MAC BUNKOED MAGUIRE
A COMMITTEE TO SHELLGAME
THE FAITHFUL.
No Pi-imary to Be Held, but Dele
gates Will Be Appointed by
the Confidence
Men.
A meeting of the committee of one hun
dred, which has taken upon itself the task
of doing the thinking for the twenty-five
or thirty thousand Democrats of this city,
has been called for next Tuesday evening.
What the programmers intend to do
they have kept to themselves. It has .
leaked out, however, that no primary will
be held, but the delegates to the State and
municipal convention will be appointed.
Whether the county will stand for this
remains to be seen. One prominent mem
ber of the one hundred, who yet believes i
in the Democratic doctrine that the ma- j
jorlty should rule, recently remarked that
he did not Intend to remain on the com
mittee unless the party could be united.
As he very tersely put it, he did not in
tend to belong to a faction of the party.
It seems that the only chance of an united
party is to hold a primary. The Harney-
Itea "or Raineyites, as the purifiers and
Pharisees delight to call them, have of
fered to hold a primary with the officers
chosen by the one hundred, and under
such restrictions ami regulations as they
may direct and establish. But at this
proposal, the Braunharts, Poppers and
McNabs, in the language of Honore An
nanias Lalne's euolgist "sniffed con
temptuously" and loftily said that It
would be impossible to hold a fair prim
ary in San Francisco.
In virtually saying that the masses were
unable to think for themselves, these gen
tlemen have declared that government by
the people is a failure. They evidently
know a good thing when they see It and
intend to use the power which they fool
ishly think they have.
It Is said that the "entente cordlale
does not now exist between the Governor
and "Whispering" Gavin, and the reason
fur Budd's distrust of the wily Scot may
be explained In the following story, which
has been told around for same years past.
It is as follows:
"Before the Democratic Convention of
IS<4 assembled, the delegates from this
city were instructed by the appointing
power to vote for Judge Magulre for any
position to which he might aspire. It to
not known then whether he would desiro
to be returned to Congress or make the
race for Governor. When the convention
met Budd and Barney Murphy were the
leaMng candidates. McNab was in Budd s
camp. After a thorough canvass of the
cltv delegates, he discovered that a great
many of them would vote for Murphy if
Maguire was not In the race. He there
upon announced that to prevent this It
was necessary to put Maguire into the
fight He at once wired the Congressman,
got his consent and placed him In nom
ination, knowing that he would bo
slaughtered, and doing it for the sole pur
pose of helping Budd. Budd knew this
he is a shrewd man and a good judge of
human nature. He knows that a man
who would betray a friend would do the
"Judas" act again, hence his distrußt of
Gavin."
TO RACE FOR RICH STAKES.
Valuable Purses Offered by Union
Coursing Park on Saturday
for Greyhounds.
The programme for Union Coursing
Park on Saturday and Sunday is made |
up of a veteran stake with eight entries, j
an all-aged stake of forty-eight entries, '-.
and a consolation stake. Seven hundred )
and ten dollars is offered in prizes.
In the principal stake the apportion
ment is: $125 to winner, $75 to runner-up,
$50 to third; three prizes of $30; six of $15;
and twelve of $5 each. In addition to
these there will be the customary spe
cials. In the consolation stake the first |
prize is $30, second $20, third $15; three of ;
$10 each and six of $2 50. The draw re- |
sulted as follows:
Veteran stake-E. V. Sullivan's Electric vs.
Curtis & Son's Skyrocket: Bartel Bros, Border
Ruffian vs. T. Wood's Active; Ryan & Ander
son's Speculation vs. George -ft att?on a Bel
mont; E. V. Sullivan's Bed of Stone vs. J. M.
McNeil's Master Glenkirk.
All-ace Btake— J. Ford's Handy Andy vs.
Pembroke Kennel's Sylvanus; B. & S. Kennel
Brandy and Soda v*. H. R. Baldwin's Grass
hopper: E. V. Sullivan's False Flatterer vs.
M Tlernan'B For Persecution (formerly Duke |
of Am™ Curtis & Son's Miller's Maid vs. }
Pembroke kennel's Tfrrona; Larkey & Rock's
Hercules vs. C. F. Ingersoll's Glenwood: A.
1.. Austin's Douglass vs. J. J. Warren's Sweet ,
Lips- S. E. Portal's Our Boy vs. John Per- |
rlgo's Chili Pepper; J. J. Edmonds Mnrnins
Glory vs. E. V. Sullivan's Blackstone; J. J. |
Edmonds' Forget vs. J. J. Edmonds' Master
Mat- T. J Cronln's Magnet vs. R. E. <le
Lopez's Minneapolis; Bartel Bros.' Border
Valentine vs. T. Butler's Susie: J. H. P.-rri
go's Mayflower vs. J. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche;
A Johnson's The I.ark vs. JMcKnell s Sports
man- Pasha Kennel's Arapahoe vs. J. Flynn s
Hicks- J E. McEldowney's The Gossoon vs.
A 1 Austin's Glenstone; H. R. Baldwin's Jester
vs T Shaw's Lucky Dog: E. V. Sullivan's
Royal Buck vs. E. and K. Scott's Dr. Norman: i
Ryan & Anderson's Kllboy vs., E V. Sul 1- !
van^s Hlßht Bower; G. Sharman'a Walt a Lit- {
tle vs J B H. Smith's Bendlgo; E. V Sullivan's
SUvball vp E and R. Scott's Mystery; La
hu^en & Duncan's Preclta Girl v,. E. V. Sul
livan' MI Monte; B. &S. Kennel's Beauty :
Snot vs S E Portal's Llprhtnlng; Pasha Ken- i
ni;'« Alameda vs Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair; i
Pa.ha K«neT« Gallant Foe v«. B. & 3. Ken
nel's Belle of Seville. _ ':■■■-■: ■■■-■ ,:
A Popular Ezcursion to Santa Cruz.
On Sunday, July 31, the Southern Pa
cific Company will run an excursion from
San Frajicisco to Santa Cruz at the
popular rate of $2 for the round trip.
Five hours will be allowed excursion
ists at the charming city by the sea,
giving ample opportunity for visiting
all points of interest and for taking a
dip in the blue waters of the Pacific.
This excursion will be under the per
sonal supervision of Colonel William
EL Menton. excursion passenger agent,
Southern Pacific Company.
Residents at intermediate points on
the narrow gauere will also be given an
opportunity to avail themselves of low
rates to Santa Cruz on this date.
The Murderous Soldier.
Oscar D. Pile, the soldier from the
Sixth California Regiment who flred two
phots Tuesday night at Policemen Dower
and Bailoy and wounded Charles J. An
derson, a barkeeper, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday for his prelimin
ary examination on a charge of assault
to murder. As he was not ready to pro
ceed he was given a continuance till to
morrow.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others. •
Accused of Purse Stealing.
Philip Nolte, a butcher, was arrested at
the instigation of Viola Hill and charged
at the California Station with grand lar-
cenv.
The latter accuses the prisoner with
having entered her room at 724 California
street and relieving her of a purse con
taining $17. Nolte denies the charge.-
Seeks a Divorce.
Klttie L. Roberts filed suit for divorce
from her husband, William R. Roberts,
yesterday. As ;i cause- of action the plaint
iff alleges desertion.
All About Bicycle Riding and
Training, by Champion "Jimmy"
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
LEES SEES
HIS FAME
DECREASING
Effort Made to Patch
Up His Record.
IVAN KOVALEV'S DETECTION.
AGED CARPENTER, NOT THE
CHIEF, INSTRUMENTAL.
Head of the Department Doesn't Like
to Lose the Glory and Is As
sisting in Fighting a
Claimant.
Who to patch up his fame — or fill hts purse —
Still pilfers wretched plans, and makes them
worse ;
Like gypsies, lest the stolen brat be known,
Uefacing first, then claiming for his own.
Of whose characteristics, personality,
fortunes and moral condition this verse
was written It matters not, but it aptly
tells the story of the position at present
occupied by one Isaiah W. Lees, known
here and there as the present Chief of the
Police Department, In an action now being
heard by Judge Hunt. The suit was orig
inally brought by John J. O'Malley
against the State of California and
Isaiah W. Lees, to recover $1000, which
amount was offered by Governor H. H.
Markham for the apprehension and con
viction of the murderer of F. 11. L. Weber
and his wife, Lizzie M. Weber. A short
time ago, however, the action as to the
defendant, I. VY. Lets, was dismissed, by
reason of the fact that Lees' claim to the
money had been weighed in the balance
and found wanting, but If he did not get
the money the scheming Chief is loth to
be deprived of the glory accompanying
the arrest, conviction and execution of th«
brutal murderer, and he is an able ally
of tfye State in consequence. The man who
undoubtedly deserves the credit and the
reward offered for the apprehension of the
murderer is a carpenter of peculiar name,
Wladislaw Zakrewskei. He has assigned
the claim to the plaintiff, John J. O'Mal
ley, and O'Malley will make the fight for
the spoils in court.
In December of 1594 the whole State
was shocked by the. report of the foul
murder of Weber and his wife in their
home in Sacramento. Mystery veiled the
tragedy. No motive of any great conse
quence could be assigned for the murder
of husband and wife, and but a slender
clew was left by the assassin, who im
mediately fled from the scene- of his
! ghastly crime. Officers were groping in
i the dark for some thread that would put
! them on the track of the murderer, but as
they seemed to be making no headway
Governor Markham, in order to stimu
late the energies of the public, offered a
reward to any man who wou*d bring the
assassin to Justice.
Among: those who read the proclama
■ tion offering the reward for the arrest of
i the murderer of the Webers was Zakrew
skie, the carpenter. He had heard that
I it was the opinion that a Russian was
j the criminal wanted, and as he was a na
, live of that far away land and had a
j large number of fellow countrymen he
! counted as his friends whom he knew
j would lend him aid he set to work. His
I suspicions fastened upon three men he
> knew were in the neighborhood of the
| crime at the time of its commission, and
|he set out to Hunt them up. They were
! Ivan Kovalev, George Putalla and one
Levin.
Zakrewskei hunted for f-ome time be
fore he cornered his men, and then set to
j v.-ork to gain their eonidenc?. He had
! known Kovalev for many months prior to
I the commission of the crime of which he
I suspected him, and he was soon on the
. most intimate terms with him. Time
\ passed und llnally when the carpenter
j was sure of his game he confronted Ko
; valev and accused him of the murders.
i Kovalev was nonplused at the accusa
> tion, but, still believing that Zakrewskei
j would prove his friend and shield him
from the law, he confessed.
He told the story in detail to Zakrews
kei—how in the dark of the night, while
the old couple were resting in content in
their rooms, he had skulked in and
dashed out their brains. The carpenter
worked cleverly, and one night, when the
murderer was sleeping soundly in a room
in this city, he conducted two police oiti-
I cers to the place, directed them to the
I room in which the murderer was sleep
ing, and then stood guard at the door to
prevent his escape. The officers had no
difficulty In placing the assassin in irons,
and he was marched to prison.
Patalla and Levin were likewise be
trayed into the hands of the authorities
but on examination they were released It
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-f -f +♦ -f ♦♦-f f "♦"♦"♦■ ♦ ♦ "♦"♦"*♦• "♦" ♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ *♦" ♦ *♦"*" >f>> *
-f
-f
•f
: Our New Teas I
[ +
are just coming In. 10 cents for each . ♦
[ pound for Uncle Sam's Boys in Blue. " •♦•
; We > pay it until July 15th; after ♦
that you pay it. +
'. ' ♦
DO SIM Good Health to the X
HI ii it Boys in Blue :
WITH -4-
America's Best Tea. :
* Quality .Prices "*"
Best Obtainable. Lowest in America. "t,
i Great American Importing Tea Co. :
SPEAKING FOR THEIR ■• J
- 108 Money Saving Stores. X
, CITY STORES. "*■
v 'm Mil Market Si 2008 Pillmore St. 146 Ninth St. T
140 Sixth St. 3008 Sixteenth St. 506 Kearny St. ' +
% 1419 Polk Si 2510 Mission St.- 3285 Mission st. ■■ ♦
:-* 355 Hayes St. 1819 Devi3adoro St 621 Montgomery Ay. "*"
218 Third St. 52 Market St. 705 Larkin St. J
' 1190 Kentnoky St. . -f
OAKLAND STORES. a
1052 Washington St., Oakland 1510 Seventh St., W. Oakland. +
V 917 Broadway, Oakland. 616 E. Twelfth St, Oakland. 4
'. 181 San Pablo Aye., Oakland 1355 Park St ; Alameda, . ♦:
: A Good Time :
: to Buy Tea :
-, ■ ■ ..... ■..••;"-- ■•• -•■- •••■•". . ■ ■ ■ '
being proven that they had no connection
with tno crime. Kovalev, however, had
confessed the crime to the man who
closed the prison door upon him and he
was returned to the scene of the tragedy
for trial. The strongest witness against
him was Zakrewskel, and when the jury
returned from Its deliberations It found
the prisoner guilty of murder of the first
degree. The law was allowed to run its
course and the man, who on the night of
December 29, 1894, murdered an old couple
while they slept, went to the scaffold to
his end.
All of these facts Zakrewskei testified to
yesterday on the stand, but he made no
mention of the effort of Lees to cheat him
of the glory accompanying the arrest
of the murderer as well as the reward
offered by the Governor. Lees will also
probably refrain from mentioning the
facts when he takes the stand on Dehalf
of the State to-day.
That is another story. Kovalev had no
sooner been convicted than Lees took a
trip to Sacramento to collect the reward.
In Sacramento, however, a deaf ear was
turned on his pleadings for the reward,
and he took the matter to the courts.
It was carried to the Supreme Court, and
there it was held (the court failing to so
into the merits of Lees' claim) that,
In any event, he was not entitled to col
lect the reward, as he was paid to catch
murderers and all criminals, and even in
the event that he was instrumental in
securing Kovalev's arrest, he had only
done his duty and must content himself
with the salary he received for that work,
a salary. In the mind of the public, much
too large for a man unable to properly
fulfill the duties involved In the position
ho occupies.
Notwithstanding the fact that everyone
acquainted with the circumstances sur
rounding the arrest of tne murderer of
the Webers is cognizant of the fact that
Lees had nothing to do with the arrest of
Kovaltv, that official refuses to surrender
the glory, even though his heart was
broken when the courts refused to give
him a reward that in justice was not his.
He had not earned it and if he had, the
law said that he should not collect it. In
answer to the paragraph of the complaint
in which it is stated that Lees had noth
ing to do with the arrest, the Chief simply
"denies that the defendant, Isaiah W.
Lees, did not arrest, nor participate in the
arrest, of Ivan Kovalev." That is all the
defense, he makes, but the world will un
derstand. He tried to "patch up his
fame," but miserably failed.
■ ♦ »
Midweek Theater Notes.
"Faust" is having a big run at
the Alcazar this week. The piece has
never been more perfectly staged as re
gards mechanical and electrical effects
than it now is. Mr. Morrison in his fa
vorite role is at his best, and in Miss
Florence Roberts he finds a lady capable
of bidding for first-place honors, in her
very excellent rendition of the character
of Marguerite.
At the Columbia the Frawley Company
will continue in the amusing comedy.
"Lost— 24 Hours," for the remainder of
the week, including Saturday matinee.
The members of the company are doing
excellent work and the play is very laugh
able. On Monday night it will give way
to "Liberty Hall," a prettny told com
edy, with a particularly attractive love
story, by R. C. Carton, which calls for a
greater amount of character work than
any play yet put on by the company.
Theodore Roberts as Old Todman, Cora
Tinnie as the slave, Crafer, and Louis
Payne and Maude Winters as the eccen
tric brother and sister, should be particu
larly fine. The advance sale of seats is
good.
"Fatinltza" at the Tlvoli is drawing
well, and is very prettily presented, both
in the singing and acting. It will be
succeeded next week by a requested re
vival of Planquette's popular work, "The
Bells of Corneville," which will be given
in the usual good style of the manage
ment. , .
The attendance at Morosco s is good
proof that the patrons of the house are
highly pleased with the presentation of
"The Romany Rye." It is ably acted,
splendidly staged and highly entertain
ing
The Chutes will have one of the great
est events in its history this day and
evening in the celebration of the Fall of
the Bastile. Elaborate preparations have
been made for the very delightful occa
sion. ' ■
. ♦ «
THIS MORNING'S FIRE.
Coffin's Pattern Works Damaged to
the Extent of Four Thousand
Dollars.
At 12:45 this morning a firo broke out
In the rear of Alfonso Coffin's Pattern
Works, 133 Beale street. Thf flames were
seen by Night "Watchman Roberts, who
thereupon turned in the auxiliary alarm
from bux 51. • '
The building, together with that of the
L-,amond File Company adjoining, was
considerably damaged. N. A. Elliott's
foundry was scorched.
The damage to the pattern works is es
timated at between $4000 and JSOOO.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
Coin for the Baud Fund.
SAN JOSE, July 13. — Seventy-four dol
lars In coin was turned over to the local
Red Cross ladles this morning as a part
of Mayor Martin's guarantee toward
funds for Instruments for a hand for the
Eighth Regiment. The amount guar
anteed hero 1b $100. It will he forwarded
to the regimental officers at Camp Bar
rett.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
FRENCH '
CELEBRATION
—AT THE-
CHUTES
For the Benefit of the
RED CROSS SOCIETY
MUSIC ALL OVER TEE GROUNDS !
BENNETT'S EXPOSITION BAND,
CASSASSA'S MILITARY BAND
and the lOWA REGIMENTAL BAND.
AFTERNOON
MUSIC. ORATIONS and DAY FIREWORKS.
NIGHT «
OPEN-AIR CONCERT. BALL AND GRAND
DISPLAY OF
FIREWORKS !
Electric Cprs Will Run All Night.
Admission. 25c; Children, 10c.
MOROSGO'S GRANDS
Waiter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Grand Spectacular Production of
THOOMftWfRYL
Directed by MR. FREDERICK PAULDINQ.
' Beautiful Gipsy Camp d /*""**• XT I "TVTT3"
j Great Shipwreck /J±IJN Jit.
' Evening Prices 25c and 500
■ Family Circle and Gallery 19a
i MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR.
"The Quiet Mr. Gay"; BERT COOT AND
JULIE KINGSLEY, "Supper For Two":
FLEURETTE, Charming Dansnuse; MRS.
ALICE SHAW AND DAUGHTERS, Whistling
I Prima Donnas; CHAS: WAYNE, Eccentrlo
! Comedien; ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES. GRANT AND JONES, Colored Trio;
FALKE AND LEMON, new act.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera
' Chairs and Box Seats. 60c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kiellng. Proprietor and Maaactr.
THIS EVENING,
Yon Supue's Martial Opera,
FATINITZA !
Superbly Cast! Correctly Costumed; Elegantly
Mounted! ■
NEXT WEEK,
Planquette's Masterpiece,
"THE BELLS OF CORNEVTLLE."
Popular Prices 25c and SOo
' No Telephone.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MY POOR YAP BROTHER!
The Result of Early Training!
He'll Make You Laugh, as Will All the Other*
In the
FRAWLEY GO/YIF^PIIVY'S
Production of the Great Comedy.
"LOST -24 HOURS."
All this week— Matinee Saturday.
Next Monday— "LIBERTY HAdL."
AT ft»7 A ipv SEATS BY PHONE
ALLAMK' Main 254.
Every Night This Week, Matinee Saturday.
THE GREATEST EVER!
LEIA/IS MORRISON
SPECTACULAR
»FAUST !"
Prices ..15c, 2.'c. 35c, SOo
NEXT WEEK— "EAST LYNNE." >* •
DASHES-QUICK ACTION—NO DELAYS
RACES! djjj^& RACESI
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladles free to grand stand. 50c admits gen-
tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
dock.)
Races Commence at 2 O'clock.
Trains connecting with the 12. 1:30 and I
o'clock boats stop at the track.
HI VIWPI 4 Corner' of Mason and Eddy Streets.
UL-IlliriAMore New Eastern Stars. Ordway
& Rand, Thrilling Bicyclists: Quazina. th»
Male La Loie Fuller; Tom Ryan, "The Mad
Musician"; Murray &' Reynolds; Reynolds;
Royce Sisters; Rockwell. Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dully from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN So
Half with admission. 25c: children.' Site.
The Weekly Call.
01 It Publishes the Cream of th»
0 I News of the Week and
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON THB
Tl PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best \ ' / Mining
°» Telegraphic \/\ News That
°\ Service on /V ' s Accurate
erf The Coast / \&up to data
o( Not a Line of it Sensational
t-J or Faky, and Not a Line of
*J it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright, Clean, A Champ! of
~1 Thoughtful. Truth.
Q M -• II
i '
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
2 : ■ ■ all THE TIML
<J fT ADVOCATES SENT BY
/n HOME MAIL, $I.St
©< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
||3giDR. HALL'S reinyigorator
1 BRa^Hfil ■ Five hundred reward for any cas«
3UI HEB* we cannot cure. This secret remedy
1 ■ ; ■■•-- H stops all losses In 24 hours, curaa
IB HEW Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocelo.
fXfl kWii Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stricture*.
1 r#TM ulji Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
jgKiflJßJW f?cts of self-abuse or excpsses. Seat
E££3EK£dy sealed. {2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5. guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
j for sale -at 1078% : Market St.. 8. P. - AH prl-
i «•«« il«uua oiilnlilv nnroi3. Sand tot fre« book. .
78
REGULARS EMBARK FOR MANILA TO-DAY
TROOPS AT BOTH CAMPS
STRIKE TENTS AT
EIGHT.
TWO BATTALIONS OF THE FIRST
NEW YORK REGIMENT ARRIVE.
FINE BEARING OF THE MEN
ADMIRED.
AN Important event of the war,
from a local point of view)
will be the embarkation to
day for Manila of six troops,
Fourth Fnited States Cavalry.
\ squadron of four troops belonging to
this renownr-d regiment has been on
July in California since 1890. In sum
time the troopers have patrolled
the flanks of the Sierra, guarding the
Witional parks and protecting the tim
:esorves from depredation. In
printer garrison duty has been perform
ed at the Presidio. The regimental
representation of. young Californians
is large, hence; scenes touched with
?athos -will attend the marching of the
troopers to-day from the reservation
:hrough the city to the steamship Peru
it the Pacific Mail dock.
The Fourth Cavalry is a famous regi
ment. Many general officers, now oc
cupying high positions at the front, and
Tiar.y other gallant but fallen soldiers
In whose memory monuments have
ted to record their de^ds of
heroism and loyalty, served in this
reidmont and their renown is part of
the regimental history.
When the "general" Is sounded at the
Presidio this morning at 8 o'clock the
will fall simultaneously in one di
rection. There will be music and ten
der leavetakings at the garrison for
pome little time, and at 9 o'clock the
Drder will be given to march. The Ma
nila squadron, dismounted, will be es
corted to the steamship by the mount
BENNI NGTON TO SAIL TO-DAY
All night long the heaving of coal into the hold of the Ben
nington foretold the departure of that ship to-day. Orders were sent
from Washington a few days ago that the Bennington should get
under •way at once, and since that time the decks of the gunboat
have been a scene of rushing activity. Admiral Miller was seen last
night, but refused to tell definitely the destination of the Benning
ton. He confessed that she was not ordered to the Philippines or the
Ladrone Islands. By a process of exclusion it is easily reasoned out
that the Bennington has but one rational destination, and that is
Honolulu. At any rate, that is the general belief, and there is some
strong authority for this opinion
Lieutenant Commander Moser has been ordered to command
the Bennington, replacing Commander Nichols, who has been con
demned by medical survey. Commander Nichols has been ill for
some time and his poor health has forced him to retire. Lieutenant
Curtis of the Bennington will command the Albatross, formerly in
command of Lieutenant Commander Moser. Admiral Miller will sail
on the Philadelphia, which will leave for Honolulu between the
20th and 25th inst. He has not yet received instructions from
Washington concerning the ceremonies attendant upon the absorp
tion of the ' Hawaiian Government into the Union. The Bennington
will steam out of our harbor this afternoon.
Ed band of the regiment and Troop B,
mounted, under command of Lieuten
ant Neia.lL The route of march will
be along Lombard street- to Van Ness
avenue, thence to Golden Gate avenue,
thence to Market street and along
Market to Third or Second street to the
f-asiest thoroughfare leading to the
Mai! dock.
The following order for breaking
ramp was issued by Colonel Kellogg
yesterday:
Headquarters Squadron Fourth Cavalry
Camp, at Presidio. Cat.. July IS. 1898: The
pquadron will be prepared to break camp to
morrow (Thursday) at 8 o'clock a. m. The
•■general" will be sounded at 8 o'clock and
everything will then be packed ready tor
transportation to the steamer Peru at Pacific
Mall Steamship wharf. A detachment of one
man from each troop will be Wt in charge of
the troop property and will accompany it to
the wharf when loaded. Each of these private*
will report to Sergeant "Walz of Troop C. who
In turn will report to Lieutenant Elliott tat
final instructions concerning the loading up of
the tentage and other baggage of the squad
ron
The assembly will be sounded at 9 a. m. ana
the line formed with Its right resting at th'?
old Light Battery barrack.- on' the old parade
ground, facing west. In the following order:
Troops G. K. I. E. L. C.
The troops will be formed in four platoons of
five sets of fours each, as nearly as practi
cable. By order of COLONEL KELLOGG.
C T. HOYD. -. ; . . -
Second Lieutenant, Fourth Cavalry Squadron,
Adjutant. - •- •'
The officers commanding the respective troops
we as follows: Troop Captain George 11. G.
Gale. Troop K -First Lieutenant Charles P.
Elliott; Second Lieutenant Leßoy Eltlnge.
Troop G- Captain Fred Wheeler and Second
Lieutenant James 8. Parker. Troop Captain
James Lockett. Troop Lieutenant Thomas
<;. Carson. Troop L— Captain C. H. Murray.
The commander of the »qua>lron Is Colonel
Banford C. Kellogg and the adjutant Is Lieu
tenant Charles T. Boyd. ■ -.
Since tho beginning of tho war many
tributes have been paid to tho discip
line and loyalty of the troops going to
the front, but no organization of sol
diers in the field or in garrison is com
posed of better material than that em
belied In the Fourth Cavalry. Every
troop of the Manila command contains
tho full complement allowed by law.
During the past month many applica
tions for enlistment, sustained by high
influences, have been rejected. In the
two troops performing duty in the Yel
lowstone National Park there are sev
eral vacancies, but every troop at the
Presidio Is recruited to the maximum,
and good men desiring to enlist are
turned away every day. Many of the
recruits accepted since the beginning
of the present war brlong to families
well known In the country and some
of the youngsters are sure to Inherit
fortunes If they safely pass through the
ordeal of conflict.
Light Ratteries D and G of the Sixth
United States Artillery will also leave
the Presidio at 9 o'clock this morning
to embark on the steamer Peru. This
battalion, in command of Major Gru
gan, is composed of excellent men who
are eager for active service at the
front.
The troops from Camp Merritt will
not proofed to their ships in a body, as
they will be obliged to take different
routes. Major Robe of the Fourteenth
United States Infantry will lead his
men along Point Lob"s avenue to Cen
tral avenue and down Post street to
Market and from Market to the Pu
ebla, via East street.
The troops for the Peru will follow
the same route as far as Market street,
where they will cross to Second street,
thence to the Mail dock.
All day yesterday the troops at Camp
M< rritt that will sail to-morrow were
busy packing aboard the Puebla and
the Peru their commissary and quar
termaster supplies. This morning at 8
o'clock they will break camp and by 10
o'clock they will be aboard their trans
ports. The arm: vans will be on hand
at 7:30 to take to the docks the tents
and balance of unloaded equipment. It
will take the r tter part of the day to
get everything aboard.
VOLUNTEERS FROM
THE EMPIRE STATE
Arrival and Reception of the
First New York Regiment
Destined for Honolulu.
The First Provisional Regiment of New
York Infantry, better known as the First
New York Volunteers, 131S men strong,
under command of Colonel Thomas H.
Barber, made its triumphal entry into
San Francisco yesterday. Amid the
cheers of thousands of enthusiastic cit-
I izens, who vied with one another in ac
cording to the soldiers from the Empire
State a glorious welcome, th.- first two de
tachments marched up Market street and
out to Camp Merritt.
Tho regiment left Jersey City at 3::!0
o'clock last Thursday afternoon. It re
quired a train of forty-one cars, includ
ing sleepers and baggage ears, to trans
port th<- command, and this was divided
into four sections with an Interval of fif
teen minutes between each. Owing to
the fact that the third and fourth-s ect
ions did not get int.. Oakland until late
yesterday evening they remained across
the bay for the night and will proceed to
Camp Merritt this morning.
The welcome given Colonel Barber and
his men was one <>r the warmest that
dan Francisco lias extended to any reg
iment that has come here. Right 'richly
were the New York soldiers deserving of
th.- hospitality that was extended to
them, and they fully merited all of the
honors and courtesies shown them.
Th>- volunteers are the picked soldiers
of their native State and from their sol
dierly hearing and geneni appearance
the Empire State has a just right to be
proud of her sons that have been sent
so far beyond tho confines of her borders
The First comes fully prepared and
equipped for field service. The regiment
in bt-ing commanded by Colonel Barber
has at its head a regular retired army of
ncer, who has seen eighteen years of
active s^rvi<,. with the Kirst Tnited
States Artillery. The oth<-r officers, in
cluding Lieutenant Colonel SUicpole and
Majors (_ base, Krnmett and Scott, with
the company commanders, ar;j officers of
long experience in the National Guard of
New ),">-k, and are thoroughly capable
and efficient in every way. The rank and
Hie ol the regiment represents a body of
men each one of whom has been chosen,
after a severe physical examination for
his peculiar atnesa for the rigorous du
ties that fall to the private in the ranks.
They an- men of line physical proportions
and unusual intelligence and in the ranks
are to be found the sons of some of the
oldest and most influential families in
the State of New York.
The men are as well drilled to-day as
any regular regiment in the service, for
with the exception of a few recruits, all
of them have seen several years of ser
vice in the llnest military organizations
composing New York's National Guard
They were encamped at Camp Black for
over a month, and for the past six weeks
have been doing garrison duty at Forts
Wadswurth and Hamilton and Governors
Island.
It was exactly 6:10 o'clock when the
first section, consisting' of ten sleepers
rolled into the Southern Pacific depot at
Oakland. The soldier boys soon made
known their arrival by loud" and prolonged
cheers for San Francisco. Captain Put
nam Bradlee Strong, who was detailed by
General Marcus P. Miller to escort tho
regiment to camp, reported to Colonel
Barber, and in a few moments Companies
M, G and H were formed upon the plat
form and ready to march. With this sec-.
lion were the officers of the three com
panies named, and also Comparlr-s F, E
and C; while the officers of the rwmalnini
six companies of the regiment did not ge
in until 7:46 o'clock, when the third sec
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
tlon arrived. The second section reach-od
Oakland at 12:40 o'clock and wore immedi
ately escorted over the ferry and to ("amp
Merritt by Captain Strong. Both the flrst
and Becond sections were given a royal
welcome by the ladies of the Bed Cross"
Society at "the Ferry Building. The last
section did not arrive until after 10 o'clock
last night, and it. with the third, remain
ed over night in their cars, under the com
mand of Lieutenant Colonel Stacpola, and
they will come over early this morning
and proceed out to join their comrades at
Camp Merritt.
Colonel Barber said to a Call representa
tive: "We left Jersey City at 3:30 o'clock
last Thursday afternoon, and have had a
most pleasant but somewhat tiresome trip
out. There was no sickness among- our
men or any incidents worthy of notice, ex
cept that my section, the lirst. ran .Into a
Hock of sheep near Cheyenne, killing
about 200 of them. \V> were running very
rapidly at the time and that was all that
saved us from being derailed. My com
mand Is thoroughly equipped and we are
anxious to go at once to Honolulu or the
Philippines, and hope to be sent to one or
the other."
The First Provisional Regiment of New
York Infantry la by force of circum
stances one of the best organized an.l
drilled body of men that has yet been
called upon to defend this country. The
reason is not hard to find. The regiment
is composed of companies chosen from
the pick of the various crack military or
ganizations from over the entire State of
New York. Governor Black, in organiz
ing this regiment, hud in view the pur
pose of giving the finest companies in the
State representation. With the exception
of companies A. B, C and D, which were
the famous Tenth Battalion of Albany.
the other companies have been selected
from the crack companies of the State. Jn
addition to Albany. I'tica. Walton. Oneon
ta, Blnghamton, Middle town, Poughkeep
sle. Newburg and Kingston are repre
sented In the regiment. The men are
thoroughly equipped and recruited up to
the required strength of 106 mm to the
company. The only equipment wiih which
they ari- not supplied are the canvas uni
forms and the helmets, and these will be
furnished to them before they leave for
li lulU.
The First was mobilized at Camp
Black on May 2. and eighteen days later.
May 20. the reKiment was mustered into
the service. On June 11, after the with
drawal of the artillery from Forts Wads
worth and Hamilton and Governors Is
land, the First was temporarily scattered
for the purpose of garrisoning these
places. Five companies were sent to ear! 1 ,
of the forts and two to Governors Island
for the nurpose of protecting the harbor.
It was commented upon that the regiment
wan without a band, but such is nut the
ease. The band lias Just been organized
and consists of twenty-two members. The
Instruments were pureha~< j d by a general
subscription among the olJicers, to which
Colonel Barber was a generous contrib
utor.
Inasmuch as the various company com- I c
manders of the regiments came from dif- t
ferent and separate commands. Colonel c
Barber was ordered to allow the captains t
t. determine their respective rank In the >
regiment by drawing lots for them. This i
Was done and while it was as fair for one
as it was for another, still it has had the ;
effect of placing some of the captains 1
who have been In the service a compara- t
tively short time ahead of tnoso who have (
seen a much longer service. There is no i
friction as a n-sult of this and, in fact, i •
only the best "f feeling and regard for i ;
each other exists among the officers.
The muster roll of the commissioned of
ficers <>f the regiment, including the colo
nel and his field and staff. Is as follows:
Colonel. Thomas Henry Barber; lieuten
ant colonel 11. P. Staepole; majors.
Thomas H. Chase, Walter Scott and Rob
ert ESmmett; adjutant. First Lieutenant
Clarence Btrevell; quartermaster, First
Lieutenant Bronson Winthrop; surgeon
major, Charles E. Davis; and assistant
surgeons. First Lieutenants M. C Ashley
and L. B. Griffith.
The roll of the company officers Is as
follows:
Company A— Captain, F. R. Palmer, first
lieutenant, A. E. Mather; second lieuten
ant. H. E. McMillen.
Company B— Captain, Charles B. Staats;
first lieutenant, W. 1). Morrison; second
lieutenant, 11. C. Staats.
Company C— Captain, James E. Roach;
first lieutenant, C. G. Greshen; second
lieutenant, Oliver.
Company D— Captain, William B. Grade;
first lieutenant, W. F. Wheelock, seconu
lieutenant, J. E. Smith.
The four companies constituted what
was formerly known as the famous Tenth
Battalion of Albany, and were command
ed by Major Stocpole, now the lieutenant
colonel of the regiment.
Company E. formerly two hundred
and fourteenth separate company of I'ti
ca, known iv? the Citizens' Corps- <'ap
tain, yet to be appointed; tirst lieutenant,
A. W. Pickard, second lieutenant, F. D.
Wood.
Company F, formerly thirty-third sepa
rate company of Walton— Captain, James
< '. Martin, first lieutenant, Boice, second
lieutenant, A. E. Oothout.
Company G, formerly third separate
company of Oneonta -Captain W. A. Fer
guson; first lieutenant. H. A. Tucker; sec
ond lieutenant, F. W. Boardman.
Company H, formerly twentieth separ
ate company of Binghamton, known as
City Guard— Captain, C. U. Hitchcock;
tirst lieutenant, 11. P. Worthing, second
lieutenant. C. M. llurman.
Company I, formerly twenty-fourth sep
arate company of Middletown— Captain.
A. E. Mclntyre; first lieutenant, George
10. Wallace; second lieutenant, A. L.
Decker.
Company X, formerly fifteenth separate
company of Poughkeepsie— Captain. John
K. Sogue, first lieutenant, W. Vossler, sec
ond lieutenant. Clarence Sogue.
Company L. formerly fifth separate com
pany of Newburg -Captain, James C.
Bheehan; first Uentenant, A. G. Baxter
second lieutenant, W. M. Mapes.
Company M, formerly fourteenth separ
ate company of Kingston— Captain, Rob
ert F. Tompkins. first lieutenant. David
Terry: second lieutenant, John J. Huhne
The commander of the First New York
Colonel Thomas Henry Barber looks
(very inch of him a soldier, and he has a
record of over a quarter of a century in
the regular army and the National Guard
of New York together that justifies one's
Impressions. He is about 5 feet 10 inches
in height, stockily built, with a ruddy
complexion. His features are prominent
ojid well formed, while in his keen blue
eyes there is a certain look that indicates
a great reserve force of do and dare. His
hair, light in color. Is well sprinkled with
gray, while ho. wears a clean-shaven face
with the exception of a small, sandy gray
mustache. His demeanor is quiet and re
served, but in conversation he is most
affable. What he has to say is to the
point, and his remarks indicate that he
knows what he is talking about.
Colonel Barber is a man in the prime
of life, being just 50 years of age. He was
appointed a cadet to West Point in lst>3
from New York, and graduated with high
honors four years later. His service in
the regular army was with the First
United States Artillery, with which branch
of the service he served for eighteen
years.
In 1685 he resigned from the army, but I
COLONEL THOMAS H. BARBER and His Officers
Greeted on Their Arrival at Oakland by Captain
Putnam B. Strong.
so Strong was his love for his chosen pro
fession that he was Induced to identify
himself with the National Guard of his
native State. He remained In the guard
fur liv<- years, and his record with it was
a brilliant one. He was assistant ad
jutant general of the First Brigade of the
State and uls" Inspector general upon the
now famous staff of Governor Hill, and he
was aiso colonel or" the Twelfth New York
Regiment.
Colonel Barber is not a stranger to the
Pacflßc Coast. He was here in ISS4 upon
the staff of General Hancock, and also
made a visit to San Francisco two years
later. Colonel Barber is one of the most
wealthy and influential citizens of New
York, where he has a handsome residence,
as well as a summer home upon I-ong
Island. He Is manager of the New York
Hospital, also of the House of Refug 1
Randalls Island, a trustee of the Green
wich Savings P.ank. secretary of the
Samaritan Home for the Aged and flrst
v!c -president of the Society of First Aid
to the Injured.
.Major Charles E. Davis is Burgeon of
the regiment. He is a well-known physi
cian of Albany, N. V., and a graduate of
the medical university of that place. For
eight years he has been identified with
the National Guard of his native Btate,
havln«* served with the famous Tenth
Battalion of Albany. He Is 31 years of age.
First Lieutenant Clarence Strevell, tiie
adjutant of the reglmenti is a soldi, r who
lias proved his worth, having risen from
tli" ranks. His record in the guard is a
conspicuous one. He enlisted as a private
in Company B. Tenth Battalion, Albany,
and steadily rose through the various
grades until" he was made first lieutenant
of Company B and acting battalion ad
jutant.
Sergeant Major G. R. Goodale was one
of the Fire and Police Commissioners of
Utica N. Y. When the call I'nr troops
came 'h» resigned his office and went with
his regiment. He has an excellent record
as a soldier and Is a cousin of Major O.
R Goodale, commanding the Third Bat
talion of the Twenty-third Infantry, now
at Camp Merritt.
LAST SECTION ARRIVES.
Twenty-Four Carloads of New-
Yorkers Are Entertained
by Oakland People.
OAKLAND, July ,13.— The hist section
of the train bringing the New York j
troops reached Sixteenth street station ]
at 8 o'clock to-night. As it was too late
for them to cross the bay the train,
which consisted of twenty-four cars, was j
sidetracked at Sixteenth street station. '
The m«»n "all boarded a section of twelve
cars and were taken to the pi<-r, where
they were bountifully dined, after which
the cars were run back to Sixteenth
street, and the men will Bleep there.
crossing the bay to San Francisco on their ,
way to Camp Merritt early in the morn- j
ing. All on board are reported well and j
as being highly pleased with their good
fortune in being sent to California in- 1
stead of Cuba.
THE EIGHTH CALIFORNIA
Colonel Henshaw Declines to
Let Company H Attack the
Town of San Leandro.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Station, CaL,
July 13.— The members of Company H of
the Eighth Regiment. Captain U. E. Lyoß,
and the Red Cross Society of San Lean
dro have been greatly disappointed over
the refusal of Colonel Park Henshaw to
allow the company permission to march
ENGLISHMEN WITH US IN SPIRIT
Prominent Australians Send Their Con
gratulations to the President.
•0 Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber of Commerce, yesterday received 0
C* a cable message. from far off Australia which shows that the sentiment and 0
0 sympath-.of all Englishmen, wherever they may bo on the globe, is with 0
0 Uncle Sam in the present war with the Dons. The message was brief, but it 0
0 expressed as much as though- It contained a thousand words. By the cable 0
0 the senders asked that Mr. Craig convey to the President. of the United 0
0 States their entire sympathy with the cause for which the boys in blue are 0
0 now giving up their 11 vet. in Manila and Cuba. Mr. Craig at once forwarded 0
0 to President McKinley the following, which tells the whole story: ' ,: 0
0 ' • ' ' $&& iWi;^ SAN. FRANCISCO, July 13. &
0 To the President, Washington, D.C.: The Commissioners of the Cool- 0
.O gardie International Exhibition, Western Australia, cable the. Chamber 0
0 of Commerce of San Francisco to transmit to your good self, their, hearty 0
0 congratulations upon the glorious success of American arms in the war with 0
0 Spain. ... v " ;i ' • HUGH CRAW, 0
0 President Chamber of Commerce of. San Francisco and American Commls- 0
0 sioner 'for the ; Coolgardie Exhibition. ; . .. ' , ', • 0
aaa&aaßoaaoooSooa 0000000000 00000000
ARMY HEADQUARTERS
•Major General Otis Packs Up To-Day
and Expects to Sail To-Morrow
on the Peru.
The Philippine expeditionary troops assigned to the transports Peru and
City of Puebla will embark to-day, but when they will sail has not been
definitely settled. It is the Intention of Major General Otis, however, to have
them leave to-morrow, even if It is Friday. General Otis is waiting for
some documents by mail from Washington, nut as he is very anxious to get
• if!' he says he will not wait much longer. "When asked last evening
when he would sail, he said: "I am yet in the dark as to the day. but
hope to go on Friday. I shall have all my office papers, books and other ar
ticles packed on Thursday, and put on board the Peru by Friday morning."
He stated that he knew nothing positive as yet regarding what he is to
do at Honolulu, and the inference is that he is waiting to receive instruc
tions in regard to the Hawaiian annexation proceedings in which he is ex
pected to take part, together with the troops that go with him. In all prob
ability the Peru and City of Puebla will remain at Honolulu until joined by
the Pennsylvania, the Rio' Janeiro and the St. Paul, which will sail from San
Francisco inside of ten days, and froni Honolulu the whole fleet will proceed
In company to Manila.
A dispatch from Washington states that the Government has purchased
the steamer Arizona from the North Pacilic Steamship Company for a per
manent transport, and that the vessel has been ordered to sail immediately
from Puget Sound to San Francisco. This steamer will probably carry the
First Regiment of New York Volunteers tn Honolulu, although there is
some talk of sending them on the Pennsylvania. As the Hawaiian Commis
sioners- Senators CuUom and Morgan and Representative Hitt— will not sail
for Honolulu until August 10. there is really no need of any rush in the mat
ter of sending troops to the Islands before that date. The Peking, the Aus
tralia, and the Sidney will return from Manila on or about August 3, and it
is intimated that perhaps the Peking will carry the New Yorkers to Hono
lulu.
Major General Otis has given out that all the so-called Philippine expe
ditionary forces arc to lie sent to Manila, so that the troops who have
been worried by the probability of their remaining here for guard duty ".a.n
now stop their fretting.
mt tlio county road Friday and partake
if coffee and lunch in San Leandro. In
liscussing the effect of camp life on the
ncn, Captain Lyon expressed the idea
hat a march to some given destination
md return would be of greater value
ban considerable less work done on the
>aradt> ground.
The suggestion was quickly taken up
md arrangements made with the San
A-andro ladies to Berve the men with a
unch on their arrival. All day the eiier.
retic workers there have been busily en
raged, under tin- 1; ad* rship of their act
ng president, Mrs. Bailey, and Mrs. Mil
er, In getting tog-ether necessary ma
:erial to feed a hundred men. When
Captain Lyon went to the colonel the
atter refused to allow the men to take
he march, although Captain William S
Barnes had Company C of Petaluma out
o Elmhurst on a similar expedition. It
was agreed that the matter might he
taken up next week. Under the circum
stances there was nothing to do but write
md inform the ladies that the visit musi
c postponed.
Captain William S. Barnes, with Com
pany C of Petaluma, marched out tc
Klmhurst this morninp instead of tak
ng the regular company drill. C.hark>
raube of the Arlington entertained th<
:ired. dusty and thirsty warriors to theli
perfect satisfaction and presented th<
command with a lar&e live Americar
?agle. It will be cherished hereafter as
the company's mascot. The dril! which j
followed delighted the inhabitants and ;
aroused great enthusiasm among the j
small boys.
The first dress parade ever given in
this .county under the new army tactics
was that of the Eightn Regiment this
evening. There was no announcement,
but the large crowd which gathers daily
to witness guard mount -♦ 4:30 enjoyed
the- new feature immensely. Colonel Park
Henshaw appeared in command of the
regiment for the first time, and showed
his ability to make himself heard, de
spite a strong wind. Lieutenant F. de L.
Carrington commanded the First Bat
talion, Major A. K. W'hitton the Second
and Major R. A. Forbes the Third. The
band aroused great enthusiasm by ren
dering "Dixie."
The following order was issued:
Headquarters Eighth Regiment. California
United States Volunteer Infantry.
CAMP BAKRKTT. July 13, 1593.
Order No. 2.
1. The camp routine is amended to read as
follows:
Regimental parade.
First call at 4:"0 p. m.
Assembly for liutt.iUnn 4:30 p. m.
Adjutant's call 4:45 p. m.
Adjutant's call for regiment and formation
4:E,0 p. m.
2. Ctuard mount will follow Immediately after
parade. I>Ptails for Ruard will fall out upon
completion of parade ceremony.
3. Tent walls will be raised by 7 a. m. and
remain up until ?fter inspection by surgeon.
N'i straw will be permitted In tents unless In
ticks or covered by canvas or oilcloth. Guard
tents. will be policed morning and evening. No
refuse or Rarbase will be thrown in the drains.
4. Sergeant T. 11. I>ert>y. Company B. is
hereby appointed sergeant major, and Parker
11. Thompson, George TaKgart, Frank A. St.
Sure are hereby appointed hospital stewards.
5. Hereafter a lieutenant will be detailed
each day to act as battalion adjutant.
6. For officer of the day, Captain G. 11.
Vbn, Company L; officer of the guard. Lieu
tenant C. 11. Holmes, Company E: roper-officer
of the guard. Lieutenant H. B. Densun. Com
pany K. By order
COLONEL. HEXSHAW.
D. A. SMITH. Adjutant.
The regiment had battalion drill this
morning, and despite the fact that it was
the lirst since tiie regiment was reorgan
ized from the National Guard the work
was well done. The non-commissioned
officers who art as guides were especially
well up in their arduous and exacting
duties.
The enlisted men highly appreciate the
big tent of the Army Christian Commis
sion. All day long the writing tables are
crowded with boys writing home and to
friends. Each evening from 7 to S reli
gious services are held, after which the
men give informal programmes. Last
evening Rev. X J. Akers of the Centen
nial Presbyterian Church spoke. This
evening Noel H. Jacks of the Y. M. C. A.
conducted the service and Ernest McCan
dish the singing. Rev. E. R. Dille. D.D.,
and a male quartet will bo present to
morrow (Thursday) night; a delegation
from the First Presbyterian Church Fri
day night; college boys Saturday night,
and the choir of the First Congregational
Church.
Mrs. C. T. Mills of Mills College sup
plied a hot dinner to the sick at the hos
pital yesterday and breakfast this morn
ing. All the men arc rapidly improving
Company Q of Alameda has been pre
sented with a fine new mess tent by the
Alamrda Rod Cross Society. An enjoya
ble dinner was served this evening by the
society to the members o£ the company.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Sixth Death in the Kansas
Regiment — New York. Vol
unteers Assigned to
First Brigade.
Dr. Roblee of the Seventh California,
who has been on temporary duty ;it the
Field Hospital, has been assigned to th©
Twenty-third Infantry.
Colonel Funston of the Twentieth Kan
sas has provided all of his men with
copies of general instructions to the sen
tries and each man has been required to
commit the instructions to memory be
fore he can leave camp.
Privates George C. Cleveland and
George S. Thurman have been trans
ferred from the Sixth to the First Call
fornia and ordered to report to Major
Robe of the Fourteenth "United States
Infantry for transportation to Manila on
the Puebla.
Major Robe, commanding the Four-
nth, has sent a telegram to Adjutant
General Corbln at Washington asking
him to appoint a recruiting agent in this
city to enlist twenty desirable men to fill
the quota cf the Fourteenth Infantry. •
Private Bartlett, Company F, Twen
tieth Kansas, died yesterday at the
French Hospital from spinal meningitis.
This is the sixth death in the Kansas
regiment since its arrival at Camp Mer
ritt seven weeks ago. Spinal meningitis
has. caused four of them.
By an order issued last evening the
First Regiment of New York Volunteers
is temporarily assigned to the First Bri
gade.
The following officers were yesterday
attached to the next expedition: Major
Demerit, additional paymaster; Captain
H. C. Catell, assistant adjutant general,
and Second Lieutenant Conrad S. Bab
cock.
Marion W. Stewart, Company E. First
South Dakota, was discharged from the
service yesterday on account of a broken
knee. cap. Stewart was injured in line of
duty, having fallen while drilling on First
avenue. He is discharged with honor.
War Incidents.
Lieutenant George H. Cameron of the
Fourth Cavalry, according to a dispatch
from Washington, has been appointed
topographical engineer on General Mer
rttt** Btaff and will sail for Manila with
the expedition that leaves San Frajiclsco
this week.
The I'nited States navy wants at 10 Cal
ifornia street the following men: Six
electricians, three chief machinists, one
chief carpenter's mate, one carpenter's
mate, third class; one shipwright, one
coppersmith, one boiler-maker, and twen
ty-live seamen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON AND ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners, Will Dispatch the Following- Steam-
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE 'YUKON RIVER ;
POINTS. Via .^ n
DUTCH HARBOR. NEW BOSTON AND ST :
MICHAEL:
STEEL T ATTPAriA
STEAMSHIP XjAUIiAUA,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 15
SSJbhip BRIXHAM,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY IS >
IKship SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 23.
j Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with th«
company's fleet of '
i EIOHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES
; Colonel Me.Naught, Governor Plngree. Philip B "'
Low, A. E. Fay. B. B. Glasscock. Michigan.
Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns and operates Us ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
in service on the Yukon River.
Special accommodations for ladles
benf^ r best K Umo. steam ' ' at best ™**- ***
For freight and passenger rates apply .--.y .
Contractinß Freight and^aweiS^p 1 Asfnt "
20 Montgomery st.. San Francisco^ Cal ■
General Tr^^^^S^L^_ <
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC. , .•."•?■ : -
1 .u-horse power Roberts - boiler 1 35-horsY
power Scotch marine boiler., metallic lifebelts!
60 T«°^\ ats of all descriptions can bHeea'-
1 at 71S Third street. GEO. W. K^EASSLSOLID NINE
REBEL OVER
COMMITTEES
Refuse to Serve With Burns or
Gallagher, and Will Re
organize.
The Finance Chairman Offers to Resign to
Save Trouble— Grand Jury Asked to
Investigate Charges.
. The recent scandal In the Board of Edu
cation, caused by charges made against
Chairman Burns of the Buildings and
Grounds Committee by Chairman Gal
lagher of the Finance Committee, and
which resulted In the resignation of
Director Drucker from the former com
mittee, has resulted in a serious strain
of the harmonious relation* hltnerto
existing among the friendly nine.
Just what is behind the individual ac
tion of the board yesterday remains to
be explained by their future actions.
It was naturally expected that Chair
man Hur:-.s would be present at the meet
ing, but h^ found it convenlnnt to be ab
pfnt and by bo iioinp prevented any de
clsivc action the board may have had in
contemplation.
During the rending of the minute
President Barrington handed n Blip o
paper to each member, on Which wa
■written a request to agree to servo 01
either the Finance cr Buildings commit
tev«. To the surprise of Mr. Barrington
not a member Would siprn. At the prope
time he notified the chair that the resig
nation of Director Drucker from '.h
Buildings Committee had left only Chaii
man Burns to transact the buslm
the committee, and this could not be doi
legally, as the vouchers must be a
by one or more members of thai body 11
order to be accepted uy the Auditor. He
funner announced that on the Finance
Committee there were but two mej
Including Chairman Gallagher, when
there should be live. This left the latter,
committee in an equally bad fix. as three
signatures were required on all vouchers.
The further statement wan made that
every member of the board, aside from
those on the committees mentioned, had
positively refused to accept appointment
as committeeinen. Mr. Barrington con- i
teased that this left not only the board
but himself in a decidedly awkward posi
tion, and asked what was to be done.
Director Head, in very emphatic lan
guage, expressed the opinion that i
courtesy to the board Director I
should have been present and furtherm re
that, under the circumstances, Chain
Burns ought to resign his positl
committee and thus simplify matters
his colleagues.
This brought Chairman Gallagher
the Finance Committee to his feet,
the statement that It was apparent
should be a reorganization of the
mittees of the board. As there m
dently a general disinclination to
with htm :t? chairman, he would willingly
step down and out, in order tiiat the |
HIS HEAD CUT BY A
CONTROLLER BAR
BRUTAL ASSAULT ON A BOY BY
A MOTORMAN.
For Trying to Save His Companion's
Life He Is Attacked and
Severely Beaten.
Two boys, named Ben Snailham and
janiPS Kelliher. living at the Potrero i
were arrested last night and charged with j
malicious mischief. Shortly after S
o'clock th*y hailed a Kentucky street car.
intending to board it.
For some unknown reason the motor
man refused to stop the car, wher
the boye attempted to get aboard and
Kelliher jumped on the rear platform, and
af his companion, who had missed th«
footing, was being dragged by the c*r, he
pulled the bell. The motorman at once
stopped the car and. according to the
boys he quickly released the controller
bar and going to the rear of the car,
iSkM them what they meant by p
fh.- bell Before the boys had a ■
to renly they claim, the motorman
struck Kelliher over the head with the
bar, indicting a deep wound. As the In
lured boy fell unconscious on the pUt ,
form the brutal assailant a*ain, attempted
to strike him. but was prevented by Snail
ham. Anxious to save his companion
from further injury Snailham seized him
by the leg and pulled him off the car
As he was unable to walk Snailhum laid
him down on the road-side, and as the
motorman waved the bar at him an If in
dicating thßt he would like to use it on
him. he picked up a stone and hurled II
at him The missile struck the car, br<-a.k- i
ing one of the windows.
At this Juncture Officer Peterson ar
roared on the scene and at the request of |
the motorman placed the boys under ar
r< After young Kelliher's head was dressed
8t the Receiving Hospital by Dr. Kltz
gibbon he and his companion w<re taken i
to the City Prison and charged with
malicious mischief.
For some reason the policeman failed
to arrest the motorman. notwithstanding
that the boys claimed he had assaulted
them without provocation.
THE CORONA CLUB.
New Literary Organization Formed
for Ladies Who Live in the
Mission District.
For the year past the Idea of organizing
a woman's club at the Mission was dis
cussed by prominent ladies of that locali
ty. A short time since the idea was car
ried out, and the Corona Club was insti
tuted with one hundred charter members.
The home of the new club is in the ele
gantly appointed Mission Masonic Tem
ple, on Mission near Twenty-third, and
the meetings are to be held on the second
and fourth Thursdays of each month. In
the afternoon.. The objects of the club
are literary study and mental improve
ment. A lady well known in educational
circle* has been engaged as leader, to
plan and direct the course of study.
The membership is to be limited to two
hundred. At this time there are already
one hundred and sixty nine names on the.
roll and the officers arc- hopeful that not
many days will pass before the maximum
number will be reached, and that the club
will become one of the most popular in
the city.
The officers are: President, Mrs. Frank
Dalton; first Vice-prMldent. Mrs. H. C.
Bunker; second vice-president, Mrs.
George Robertson; recording secretary,
Mlrh Fannie Meeker; corresponding sec
retary, Mrs. H. X. Stevens; treasurer,
Mrs. E. G. Denniston; directors, lies
dames T. K. C. Hobbs. Charles Mann.
George Shaw, M. G. Foster and Chester
Evans.
THE CRYSTAL. SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
In the Divorce Courts.
Jewell Pickrrman w an granted a di
vorce from Joseph L. Plokerman yester
day, on the ground of failure to provide.
The plaintiff was allowed to resume her
maiden name, Roberts. Nathaniel S.
Kieth was granted a divorce from Anna
F. Kieth on the ground of willful deser
tion. Helena McCarthy was granted a di
vorce from William A. McCarthy on stat
utory grounds. Mary Agnes Hutchings
waa given her freedom from Frederick
ent troubles might be adjusted. So far
as his labors were concerned, he had done
the best he could and was ready to let
some one else try-
No one objected to the proposition and
it remains now for Messrs. Gallagher and
Burns to take the Initiative in order that
the board may choose working commit
tee*. A caucus will probably be required
to settle the new division of patronage.
A row developed over the recommenda
tion of Director Ragan that the Business
Evening School be removed to the base
ment of the HumboMt School, on the
ground that the present quarters were
overcrowded. Mr. Head suggested that it
was a job to create more expense and
provide for the raising of the salary of
Drawing Teacher Roberts. Hasan hotly
resented the charge, and after some
wrangling 1 the change was ordered.
Director Barrington, as a member of
the committee appointed to investigate
the old lumber scandal, stated that the
committee had not been authorized to
employ an expert to trace the various
transactions, and consequently the report
would Show only the lumber bought, but
not Its disposition.
Mr. Head called for the reading of the
report, but was informed that the docu
ment was "locked in the secretary's
safe," and that gentleman was "away on
his Bummer vacation." Head declared
that such a report would be "no report,"
and that a complete ana true one could
be found In the archives of the last Grand
Jury. He suggested that it be procured.
An a result of this talk a resolution by
Director Derham was unanimously adopt
ed requesting the present Grand Jury "to
investigate tne alleged shortage of lumber
and fix the responsibility for such short
age, if it exists."
The resignation of Director Drucker
from the Building Committee was ac
cepted.
The board ordered the following work
done: Painting Lincoln and Webster
schools; building bulkheads, vaults :uid
fences at Irving Primary, and outside
stnirs at Buena Vista School; also by c mi ■
tract, repairs at Wintield Scott School, to
cost £ (43.
The bill of Alex Vogelsang of $:>>"> for
six months' legal services was ordered
paid.
The Preclta Valley Improvement Club
petitioned for an appropriation to pur
chase a site for a school In thf> vicinity
of Potrero avenue and Costa street. Pu
pils of that district have to attend Co
lumbia ami Denial schools, which are
greatly overcrowded.
Superintendent \Veb«' t reported thai
the city would receive about *n;kK) more
this year from the State mar. in isl7. :v
reason of the Increase of th« numbar of
children of school age. Th« dorldency
it; th? school fund for the .-ear was shown
to be • 1.468, which is JO.OQj less than was
ex peered.
F. Hatchings on the ground of willful do
sertion.
MARGARET HAS A BABY.
Mrs. Craven-Koehler "Blessed With a
Little Daughter.
Mrs. Margaret Craven-Koehler, daugh
ter of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven, has a baby.
While this is not surprising, still it is
; news to the many friends of the young
j California woman, whose first steps in life
j were on the dramatic stage and whose
second was to marry a rich Eastern
; brewer. The information x reached Dr.
i Clinton, who has been a friend of the
j family for a long time, in a dispatch sent
by the happy father. The delighted
parent stated that "it" Is a girl, and that,
as usual, mother and baby are doing well
• This increase in the family accounts for
the absence of Mrs. Craven at a time
| when her presence was expected at sev
eral callings of the noted Fair will con
, test, and at which her absence was com
mented upon.
Mr*. Craven has been on a visit to her
daughter, who resides in St. Louiw and
the information sent to Dr. Clinton clears
up the. mystery of her absence at the
court when the. case in which she has so
: much interest was called. At present ac
counts Miss Koehler has not received her
front name yet.
—» o ■
A POSSIBLE MURDER.
Mervine Pitt Dying at the County
Hospital From a Severe Wound.
Mnrvine Pitts, a barber. Is lying uncon
scious and in a critical condition in vie
City and County Hospital. Pitt was taken
'•n July 6 by a barber named L. A. Mc-
Coskrle of C.T7 Mission street to a room
at 641 Mission street. Pitt bHng in a dazed
condition and suffering from a wound
over thi- left eye.
The police were subsequently notified
and removed the injured man to the City
lli'c.-lvlng Hosnital. from which place he
was sent to the City and County Hos
pital. He. recovered consciousness for a
■ while yesterday, and said that ho had
; br-n beaten by a man at the Chutes.
Then he relapsed tnto a stupor, and It is
not believed that he will survive the ln-
Jury to his brain.
REMOVED THE EYE.
A Delicate Operation Performed on
O'Brien, the Would-Be Suicide.
George W. O'Brien, the young man who
shot himself in the left eye last Thurs
day, still hovers between Ufa and death
in the Receiving Hospital. Tuesday night
Dr. Frank Fitzglbbon, after considerable
trouble, removed the injured eye.
O'Hrlen refused to partake of any
nourishment and is determined to starve
himself. Last evening when he was
proferred a glass of milk he refused it,
feebly asserting that he wanted to die.
The unfortunate man Is well connected,
his father b<Mng a cigar manufacturer at
Fremont. Neb, On learning of Mr son's
desperate attempt at suicide. O'Brien Sr.
wired Dr. Fltsfflbbon that lie would take
the first train for this city. He is ex
pected here t«-n!ght or to-morrow.
New Choir of Holy Cross Church.
The choir of Holy Cross Church has
been reorganized and supplemented with
a number of well-known and talented
singers. The strength of the new organi
zation was fully tested last Sunday morn
ing in Giveza's grand mass, it proving suc
cessful and far above the small choir that
has heretofore rendered the sacred music
at high mass. The new Gingers are as
follows: Soprano, Miss Gertrude Yrosf
tenor. W. Smith: alto. Miss Irene Mulle'
basso. M. Perron. The director and or
ganist is H. Brown, well known in musical
circles in this and other large cities
throughout the country.
Patriotic Home Helpers.
The Patriotic Home Helpers are doing
much for the relief of soldiers 1 families.
The society paid the rent of a family yes
terday and had an expressman move
them to new quarters. Groceries were
si nt to two families In Vassar place.
The rent wits paid and groceries sent
to a family on Polk street. A quantity
of baby clothing was received and sent
to one of the four people in need of thorn.
The subscriptions yesterday were: Mrs.
Montgomery Godlcy, $1 SO; Mrs. Michael
Castle, $5, and Mrs. A. K. Glbbs, $25.
Advances made on furniture and planoi, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-102J Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
IS A NOTABLE GYMNAST.
"Jack" Stack Returns to His Home in This Citu After
Scoring a European Success.
John T. Stack, the most finished horizontal bar performer in the world,
returned to his home in this city last night after a triumphal tour of four
years that has embraced the principal cities of Europe, Australia and
South Africa. "Jack" Stack is a product of the Olympic Club of this city,
and the members are preparing to give him a reception in keeping with the
name he has made for himself while abroad.
His brothers were clever acrobats, and when he was of suitable age he
joined the juvenile class of the club. At that time ho was a raw-boned,
awkward boy. He soon developed into a clever tumbler, and the finish to
his education in thru department was supplied when Sells Brothers' circus
wintered on this coast. The circus acrobats kept in practice at the Olympic
Club, and under their guidance the young amateur developed Into the best
loaper and forward tumbler among them. About this time a triple horizon
tal bar was added to ihe gymnasium apparatus. Under the mentorshlp of
Robert Leando Stack commenced practice. He took to the work naturally,
and the experts predicted that he would make a name for himself. He was
soon a clever performer, even excelling the professionals.
He had but little conlldence in his own ability, and it was with difficulty
that lie could be induced to accept outside engagements. With Leando as a
partner he pave an exhibition at Sacramento. Finding that he did not have
to walk h'>me from the State capital he ventured farther afield, his next trip
being t" Portland* He scored a brilliant success, and was fairly launched
on his career as a professional gymnast. He then started on the foreign
trip, which ended last night. In Australia he associated himself with Wil
ton 'who has been at the head of the acrobats for many years. Stack is the
only man wno can do the twisting somersault over the center bar of the
triple horizontal bars.
GREGGAINS TO
BOX CHOYNSKI
Heavy -Weight Califor
nians to Meet.
LATE IN AUGUST THE DATE
WESTERN BOXING CLUB SE
CURES THE BIQ MATCH.
The Men Have Never Met in the
Ring, Despite Their Prominence
and Years of Service at
the Game,
A twenty-round boxing bout between
Alexander (rreggalns and Joseph Choyn
ski has been practically arranged and
will be the next important meeting of
heavyweights in this city. Negotiations
for the match have been in progress for
some time. Greggains has been anxlou*
i for the match and Eddie Oraney, who I
: look 3 after Choynskt's Interests, has ad
1 vised him to avail of the opportunity of
j fered.
The meeting will be under the auspices
! of the recently organized Western Boxing
• Club, of which Martin Murphy and
I Charles Long are the managers. This is
the first of the bouts which the match
makers of the club have in view. Wood
ward's Pavilion has been secured and all
matches will be held in its ring.
Although Grcggians and Choynski are
Californians ana have been before the
public as boxers for many years, they have
never met except in one friendly bout.
They are well matched each weighing
• about one hundred and seventy-five
| pounds. This has heretofore put them at
i a disadvantage as they were called upon
to meet men much heavier than them
selves. The best of feeling has not ex
isted between them for same years. It de
veloped in ISC2 when Greggains boxed an
eighty-round draw with "Buffalo" Cos
tello before the Coney Island Club.
Choynski was in the Australians corner
and Greggalns never forgot the part he
played at that time.
Greggains has been Improving his ap
nortunities while training McConnell and
ha« gradually worked Into the best possi
ble condition. His last ring engagement
was with Sharkey in March, 1836. The
men fought a draw in a smaJJ ring in
the Bush Street Theater. During the
same summer Sharkey met Choynski and
Corbett. The match will be held the last
week in August. Choynski is expected
j here at once to commence training.
Policy of the New America, by
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call.
The Bankruptcy Act.
Many inquiries have lately been re
ceived from lawyers and parties riving in
the country by United States Attorney H.
S. Foote as to when the bankruptcy act,
approved July 1, goes into effect. In re
ply Mr. Foote says that the laA is so
framed M to go into full effect at its pas
sage, provided that no petition for vol
untary bankruptcy shall be filed within
one month and no proceedings for invol
untary bankruptcy be instituted within
four months after the passage of the act.
Proceedings commenced under the State
Insolvency laws before the passage of the
act shall not be affected by it.
Missouri Synod.
The greater part of the last day of the
pession was given to the third and fourth
thesis "On the Divinity of Christ." At
the conclusion the synod voted thanks to
Rev. J. M. Buehler of San Francisco for
the work ho had so nbly done In prepar
j ing, explaining and defending the thCMS.
| As the German Lutheran congregations of
Oakland and Los Angeles had extended
I invitations to the synod to meet there in
■ liHK.', the meeting resolved to accept the
la;t>r invitation. The synod also resolved
to publicly thank the German Lutherans
of San Francisco for their hospitality. A
; most impressive service was held at the
] conclusion of the sessions.
THE RAILROAD CASE.
Conducted in a Purer Atmosphere in
the x'arrott Building.
For the past two weeks the examination
In the case of the Southern Pacific Com
pany against the Railroad Commissioners
has dragged slowly along before Court
Commissioner Heacock In the dingy,
stuffy rooms In the Appraiser's building
until half of the learned gentlemon con
ducting the casu were In a fair way to be
laid up with the grip, paresis, or gome
other annoying complaint. A ventilated
court room could not be found and a
strike was likely to take place. Robert
K. Hayne came to the rescue and offered
the use of his sunny rooms In the Par
rott building, which offer was gladly ac
cepted. Yesterday the court convened in
its new quarters, and the cross-examina
tion of Mr. Curtis, the Southern Piucil'.c
Company's expert, was rt.*sun.^d. Thla
was conducted all of the afternoon by-
Attorney General Fitzgerald.
The examination was as to the original
cost and the cost of reproduction of all
of the railroads nf the company In Cali
fornia. It was directed to ascertain the
pernonal knowledge of Expert Curtis
of the details upon which he based the
estimate of the cost, as brought out In
his examination In chief. Mr. Fitzgerald's
apparent object was to show that Kxpert
Curtis' estimnte was not based upon his
personal knowledge of what the property
cost "r the cost of its reproduction. Tho
case will be continued to-morrow, as to
day all of the lawyers will attend the
funeral of the late Judge Oarber.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
THE RULES OF AN
ORDER ARE BINDING
THEODORE GROWNEY FAILS
TO GET RELIEF.
An Old Principle Regarding Incor
porated Fraternal Organiza
tions Affirmed by Judge
Hebbard.
A decision was handed down by Judge
Hehbard yesterday In which It was held
that members of fraternal organizations
are not entitled to appeal to tho courts
from decision of the highest tribunals of
their orders regarding rules to which they
hnve voluntarily submitted, unless an
affirmative showing of fraud Is made.
The decision was rendered In the ca.«e of
Theodore Growney against United Lodge
A. O. U. W.
The facts which led Growney to bring
suit against the lodge axe not without In
terent. Several years ago the lodge pro
vided for and created an exempt fund, to
the benefits of which all members who
hud attained the age of 60 years were en
titled. Growney contributed to the fund
up to November. 1593, when he became GO
years of age, and then, as ho thought, be
came entitled to the benefits of the ex
empt fund. In December of the following
year, however, the lodge repealed the by
law providing for the creation of the
fund and It wits ordered distributed.
Growney appealed to the Grand and Su
preme Lodges of the order, but In each
event the ca««e was dismissed. He then
took the matter Into the courts, but Judge
Hebbard decided that the plaintiff was
bound by the decision of his order and
was not entitled to relief In the court of
law.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Iht f»o- ./7 ../>■•■ 'j
liall. // s/Vj, „ — l««
MRS. JANE L.
STANFORD'S
SACRIFICE
Her Family Allowance
Is Reduced $1500.
NOW ONLY $1000 A MONTH
THE REDUCTION WAS MADE ON
HER MOTION.
It Is Her Wish to Augment the
Trust Fund Left to the
Benefit of the
University.
If charitable Inclinations and self-sac
rifice in the interests of a laudable causa
prove of. avail. Leland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity will soon reach the zenltn of its
fame, and Its rising fame will nevr pass
the zenith, but will remain to always
stand as a monument, telling what wealth
will do when coupled with ambitious pur
pose and affectionate remembmno?. For
many years, since the death of the: lato
Senator Stanford, Mrs. Stanford lias
labored hard in behalf of the now great
institution. The stories of her liberality
and sacrifice in order to more firmly build
the. foundation on which the future of ?)ie
college is builded are known in every
household, and now another story cornea
to light.
In Judge Coffey's Department of 'he
Si i eriot Court a petition was hear.l yes
terday by Judge Hunt in which M;s.
SianTird. on her own motion, asked that
the family allowance at present paid Tier
firm hei estate be reduced from $-500 a
month to $1000 a month. The mocio.'i was
read without comment and when the
reading was concluded Judge Hunt made
tl>o order. Th-" reason for the request was
not stated. It Is known, however, that
Mrs. Stanford wishes that the trust fund
set aside for the benefit of the college
should grow year by year instead of de
creasing, which might result were the in
stitution to be at the present time thrown
on its own resources. Eighteen thousand
dollars a year, the amount that will now
be added to the trust fund, will go a lons
way toward paying- the expenses of the
college, and In event the hand of mis
fortune should place an obstacle In the
path of progress now enjoyed at the in
stitution it will have an augmented fund
to depend upon in its days of hardship.
RECEPTION TO GOTHAMITES.
Volunteers to Be Royally Feasted at
the Pavilion by ex-Residents
To-Day.
Although taken by surprise at the pre
mature arrival of the Gotham regiment
yesterday, the New York Association
hopes to retrieve Itself to-day in '
extending a fitting greeting to the men
who arrive this morning. The programme
outlined at the meeting of the organiza
tion last evening was that on the arrival
of the vojjiateera they be escorted di
rectly to the Pavilion and there meet the
advance guard, which v.-ifl march from
dump and Join in the festivities.
All members of the association were re
quested to be at the Pavilion with their
lady assistants at 8 a. m., so as to have
everything in readiness. The reception
committee will report at the Market*
street ferry at 7:.V> o'clock, to receive the
m«-n Rnd escort them to the Pavilion.
Lar*^ quantities of fruit were sent by
px-Oothamltes now residing in San Jose,
which will be distributed among the
guests of honor. Major Hooper was elect
ed an honorary member of the association;
and votes of thanks were extended to
Colonel Smith of the First. Tennessee
Regiment, and Colonel Berry of the Sev
enth California Volunteers for the use of
their bands. The musicians of the latter
regiment will escort the newcomers to the
Pavilion.
INDIGNANT WOMEN.
Protest Against Chinese Labor on
Government Sub-Contracts.
There was a gathering of about 150
sewing women In front of Metropolitan
Temple at an early hour last evening in
response to an announcement that a
meeting was to be held in the auditorium
to take steps in regard to securing Gov
ernment work which la now being done
by Chinamen.
After waiting fully an hour in expecta
tion of having the doors opened for them
an Investigation resulted In ascertaining
the fact that no one had made arrange
ments for the renting of the hall. The
women thereupon became very indignant
and denounced Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald and also Miss Ansel, who last Sun
day had announced that a meeting would
be held "Wednesday evening in the Tem
ple. Finally, the janitor took the respon
sibility of allowing them to use the small
hall on Jessie street. Miss Ansel now ap
peared upon the scene and, mounting the
platform, soon calmed the ruffled tem
pers. She made quite a stirring speech
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales ovor 6,000,000 Boxes
'■L JBLMPMMBmIMfmr . •
FOR BILIOUB AND NEEVOUS DISOEDEES
such as Wind and Pain la the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat» Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Ski a. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BKFCHAM'S PILLS, taken as diree*-
ed. will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. Thoy promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of tho sys-
tem and cure Mick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN. WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
i And have the ■ ■'<'■■- :-■'■
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent !tl«:!lcine In the World*
25e. at all Prus: Stores.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S e™t
f*Hl Museum of Anatomy
iptfaV 1061 IUSEIT ST. bet. 6th 4 7th, 2. If. OaL
B ~9j ' ■ Tb« Larg #«tof Its kind in World.
l Jy»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IffvOT V Coninlttilna Tne. Writ* for Book
vl Jlf Philosophy of "Marriage.
SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
Grants diplomas and confers •. decrees. Rare
opportunities offered In music. • One hour's ride
from San Francisco. - Writs for catalogue to
MRS.- C. T. MILLS. President. Mills Collets i
Postofflce, Alameda County, Cal. Thirty-second ,
year. Fall term ooens Ain.-u.it. 3. 189&. -i
In behalf of the sewing women of San
Frnnclsco and was followed by Mrs.
Squire, who said that woman's only
weapon was her tongue, and that In this
emergency she should not fail to use It.
She scored the Government officials and
the contractors without mercy.
It was stated by Miss AnseU that the
movement in behalf of the sewing: women
is being undertaken under the auspices
of the Patriotic Home Helpers, assisted
by the Grand Army mon. She apologized
for Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald not
being present, saying that he was on the
sick list.
In response to the request of Mrs.
Squire the women signed a paper stating
the number of articles of different kinds
of clothing that they could sew in a day.
This list Is to be given to Commissioner
Fitzgerald, who already has the names of
300 sewing women and their estimates of
the work they can do.
One woman stated that the Meyersteln
factory, where the white clothes work in
being done, shut down yesterday morning
on account of the publication of articles
in the newspapers censuring, the* methods
of the establishment. Another said that
Chinese sub-contractors were hiring
white girls nnd that forty Sewing ma
chines were sent Into Chinatown yester
day.
THE STATE'S DEMURRER
AT LAST OVERRULED
CODE COMMISSIONER'S CLAIM
AGAINST THE STATE.
Contention That Daly Could Not
Draw a Fee While Acting in
an Extra-Official Ca
pacity in Error.
By a decision rendered by Judge Heb
bard yesterday the claim of Code Com
missioner J. ('. Daly to a large remu
neration for services done the State is
apparently ell founded. The decision Is
not final, simply being a decision over
ruling a demurrer set up by the State to
the complaint tiled by Commissioner Daly,
but it g6es a long •way toward establish
ing- the justice of the claim made.
Some time ago Daly brought suit
against the Stat^ to recover $10, WO for le
gal services rendered. These services
were in behalf of the Railroad Commis
sion as one of the attorneys for the de
fense. In an action brought by the South
ern Pacific Company against that board
to restrain the enforcement of a schedule
of rates adopted for the transportation of
freights for all roads operated by the
Southern Pacific Company. The case was
heard m the United States Circuit Court,
and Daly was employed with the special
consent of the Attorney General of the
State. At that time he was drawing
$40i/t a year from the State as Code Com
missioner, but as he bad obtained consent
he heid that he was entitled to appear as
an attorney in the trial of the railroad
case.
When the case was decided Daly de
manded payment for the services he had
rendered, but his demand met with re
fusal. He then brought suit in the State
courts to recover the amount he thought
was due him. The State Bet up a de
murrer to the complaint, arguing that the
plaintiff had no cause of action, for the
reason that being an official fn the em
ploy of the Suite he could not legally ap
pear for the railroad company in an ex
tra-ofllcial capacity. Judge Hebbard over
ruled the demurrer, however, but granted
the State ten days within which to file its
answer.
Olympia Republican Club.
The Olympia Republican Club held an '
enthusiastic meeting last night at Cali- ;
fornia Hall, 620 Bush street. Judge J. G. j
Severance delivered an able address, and ;
was followed by Charles G. Coonley, John j
D. Kersey, A. J. P. Regaudiat, George It. ,
Hilton, P. G. Robrech:, Harry Uackett ;
and others. The folowing were adiied ;
to the executive committee: Dr.
William G. Bell, Dr. A. 1). Mc-
Lean, H. B. Martin, Israel Elias, i
A. J. P. Regaudiat, R. B. Wells and A. P.
Wagner, making the committee consist !
of fifteen members. Twenty-seven new
members signed the roll. The club also
adopted a constitution and by-laws.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
an Anti-thin
7&AI/GA liquid malt food of extra-
ordinary nourishing and building
qualities. Crows solid flesh, fills
out thin sunken cheeks and gives "
to bony, angular bodies the muoh
desired beauty curves. :•'
, Should ba taken $ daily I with,
meals and at bed time.
," •ll MuoeHrffcT
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
i MSLWAUKEE.USA.
Louis Caßen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
 ir- y
A lady living in one of the large brass manufacturing cities of
Connecticut, writes: "My ten-year-old daughter, Irene, has been
troubled with terrible sick headaches and spelis of vomiting ever since
she was a little tot. Her father thought she would outgrow them, but
she didn'.t. She did not chew her food enough, and what she threw
up seemed but half digested. Through the advice of a friend, X
began giving her
She was benefited at once, and after a treatment of one week the
trouble ceased, and she has not had a bad spell since."
Since writing this letter, the lady states that she has reduced the
dose to half a Tabule a day and the good effect still continues, and she
believes that the use of the Tabules may soon be wholly Uidcominued,
for her daughter appears now to be absolutely welt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JHlwAytl ttlQ
yplir if FILLS
Positively cured by these
Little Pills. '
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose*
Small Price.
. _ Ugh! .
Don't make Schilling s
Best taste like ordinary tea
by boiling it like cabbage.' 43
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT,
SAN FRANCISCO. June », IS9S
DR. PIERCE & Gentlemen: Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss, El Paso, Texas, I
I sont for one of your famous "Dr. Pierces Elec-
i trie Belts," for Rheumatism, etc., and after
I uslnp: it only two months my complaints en-
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
with or.v pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex-
istence, as the electric current is both powerful
i and lnstln«r. I purchased your No. XXX Belt,
; and now, after using it several months, it is
; a« good as new.
I heartily recommend Dr. Pierce* Electrlo
' Belt to all sufferers. Tours gratefully.
JOHN P. ANDERSON,
Co. H. l?th Infantry. U. 6. Army.
IC7 Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierces.
Write for our new "Book No. 2," which gives
price list and tells all about It. or call on tha
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
€20 Market st, opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Cured!
75-page book sent free. S. R. (hamlet. If. D.
17 THIRD ST.. Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
|w PALACE **?%
0 GRAND
| q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
: " Connected by a covered passageway. *f
© 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. J*
O All . Under On« Management. O
ft HOIK TEE P3I058: ' O
_. European Plan.fl.OO per day and upward A
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward VI
Q Corre»pondenc« Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. MsGiger. Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
DR.MQNOLTT.
ri'HIS VBbL-imnni AND RELIABLE OLD
-L cur** Prlvate.Nprvous.Biooci and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manlr Power restored. Over
M rears' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Honm, 9to 3
dally ;«: 30 to S.3o»t'ks. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
*». ROf;r«i; M»sriTT. vs. l»., •
26'/^ KEABNT STREET, SAIfFRAXOISCO. CAL.
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper*
' Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores. Ulcers J
iln Mouth, Hair-FaJllngf Write COOK .REM- ■
EDY CO., 2io MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
! CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital B
I (600,000. Worst cases cured la li to 36 days. 9
jiou-pagra book free. - . 9
\IU. T. HESS,
NOTARY POBLI3 AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus SpreeXaU IJIJj.
Telephone Browo DSL
Residence. 821 California street. b«lo»
Powell. Baa Francisco. - .:
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
PTMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver unchanged.
Grain markets about the same.
Hay llrm. Feedstuffs steady.
Beans quiet.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Butter weak and plentiful.
Eggs flrm.
Poultry dull but steady.
Fresh fruit about the same.
Dried Apricots in demand.
Provisions quiet.
Meats unchanged.
MllM 1 1 xI : V IX CIRCU LATION.
According to a Treasury statement the money
in circulation In the United States on the Ist
of June \v;ls as follows:
Gold coin % 660.596.550
Silver dollars 67,259,781
Small silver 64,323.747
Gold certificates 35,820,639
Silver certificates. 390.65^. 1'50
Treasury notes 9s.6tij.sso
United States notes 286.572,829
Currency certificates 26,045,C'>0
National bank notes 283,129,703
Total $1,543,435.743
In I!>j7 L.&16.028.246
Increase $ 1;<7.407..">03 i
The circulation per capita is given at $24 74. i
The net Increase in circulation for the month
ol June was $3,537,493. The increase in gold
coin was $11, :•
WEATHEP. REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, July 13. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in '
rnla:
Eureka, 60; Fresno. 94; I.os Angeles, SJ; Red
Uluff. .:, i >iego, 74; Sac
ramento, ,su, San Luis i 1i 1 STuma, 112.
Ban Francisco temperature- Maximum, €2;
minimum, 50; mean. .'.6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL \
V RECASTS.
An area of low pressure overlies Arizona and
B • -astern California. An area of high pres
sure is moving in over the northern half of the
l'aolfic Slope. During the past twenty-f nir
hours the i ressure has risen over Washington, j
< 'r-p.-.n and Northern Idaho.
["he temperature has fallen over the northern
hn.f : the Paclfii Coast. At Walla Walla
tnere has been a fall of 30 degn es In the past i
twenty-four hours, and at Spokane 18 degrees. \
The ;.:::; >raturea in the great valleys of Cali
fornia are below the normal.
Thunder rftorms are reported at Haker City
and Spokane.
The foil iwtng n-.aximum wind velocities are
reported: Wlnnemucca, .s<j mile.i per hour from
t!...- west; i"ars- n City, :;4, west.
■ ■ ■ it San Francisco for thirty .
liours ending midnight. July 14. 1898:
rnla -Fair Thursday; north- i
erly winds inland: fresh northwesterly winds
on th< ■ :■•:■ extreme southeast portion. '
Southern California -Fair Thursday; fresh
riorthwe^erly winds; cooler In northern por
tl< n.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday; cooler north.
Arizona Cloudy Thursday.
San Francis ■ and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
": ■ rthwesterly wind.
Special !■; ■ 1 from Mount Tamalpais, taken
nt S !■. m -Clear: wind v:e?\. "C miles per hour; '
temperature, G3; maxlmui
ALEXANDER McADIE.
i. cal Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 13— The sharp break in I
j rices in Wall street was due to the reports
thai yellow fever had broken out among the
.American forces about Santiago. The propor
tions of th* break in prices is a demonstration
that there is ati enemy in Cuba which is more
ffp.r.?d than the Spanish army. There was un- |
doubtedb a peed deal of liquidation induced by
the reports, but there was also the obvious em
ir.arks at bear raid in the piling up of all sorts
of alarrr.itt rumors. Several times during: the
day the btars h tt <i misgivings about their cam
laign and !; tar tea to cover, but as often re- ,
newed •'. selling movement. There m an ex
tensive covering movement in the final deal
ings, however, which caused substantial rallies
«Ui through the stock l:»t and the speculative
l>or.ds as well. Net losses of between l and 2
points are nevertheless very liberally sprinkled
all through the list. There was an extensive
movement to realize also in some of the Junior
mortgage bonds, which have bees advancing
during in • last few days. The reaction In these
was as sharp as in the stock list, but there was
a large absorption at the decline and an easy i
rally in most cases. The Atchlson adjust
ments, which led In point of activity, were an
exception, closing near the lowest. Business
continued very large in th« Atchlson preferred
Ptock, and Its net loss is less than average.
There was no attempt apparently to support
the stock, but the pressure to realize was not
severe. Peace rumors, which carried up Span-
Is!: 4s sharply, hud no effect on Americans.
Business in bonds was large] contined to the |
speculative junior issues, which all reacted on I
realizing. Total sales. tS.OiS.CMJO.
United States new 4* declined % and the old
4s >i in the bid price to-day.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% St Paul 98%
Do i refd 34% Do prefd 149
Baltimore «■* Ohio r", -'t P & On SI i
Canada Pacific .. 83% Do prefd 153 j
Canada Southern. 53 So Pacific 1%
Central Pacific .. 14 So Railway 8%
Chen a: Ohio 22% Do prefd 3(>V
Chi .'-• Alton H/i Texas .* Pacific.. 12%
L'hi 14 & Q 105% Union Pac prefd. 59 * I
Chi & E ill r»c v P d * G 6% 1
CCC &St L.... 41% Wanash 7 : t ■
Do prefd S'J'v Do piefd 18%
Del & Hudson.... 106 Wheel & L 8.... li
Del L& W 166% Do prefd 8 :
Den & H <.; 13^ Express Companies-
Do pr»-fd 4.< Adams Ex 99
Erie (new) I/ 1 , American Ex 124
Do Ist ] pel I — 84% Unite 1 tSatea .... 40
Fort Wayne IT" (Veils Fargo 118
3t Nor prefd 127 Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valley... 6% A. Cot Oil 20%
Illinois Central .. 109% Do prrfd 74
Lake Erie & \V... 14% Amn Spirits 12% i
D prefd 6*% Do prefd 35% I
Lake Erie & W... 14% Am Tobacco ll'.*U
Do prefd 6!>% Do prefd 120
Lake Shore 189 People's Gas 98%
Louis & Nash 52% Cons Gas 197%
Manhattan L 106% ."..m Cable Co 170
Met st Ity 157% "ol F & Iron 20 i
Mich Central ... 105% Do pr.-fd 90
Minn & Bt L 28 Jen Electric 38%
Do Ist prefd.... SS Illinois Steel 68%
Mo Pacific 33 Laclede Gas 49%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 26 Lead 33%
Mo X & T 11 DO pn-fd 107 |
Do prefd 3» \"at Lin Oil 75 I
Chi Ind & L 9% Pacific Mall £5% |
Do prefd 29% Pullman Palace... SOS i
N J Central 89% Silver Certificates 59
N V Central 117*1, Stand R & T 6
X V Chi ft St L.. 14 Sugar 133
Do Ist prefd.... 70 Do prefd 113% I
Do 2d prefd.... 34 TC & Iron 24%
Nor West 14 V B I-eather 7%
No Amer Co 6% Do prefd 66%
No Pacific 28% U s Rubber 27%
Do prefd C'J\ Do prefd 91%
Ontario & \V 14% Weft Union 92
Dr H & Nay 18 2& N W 127%
Or Shore Line .... 28 Do prefd 170%
Pittsburg 170 5t L& S W 6% j
; Heading 17% Do prefd 11%
Do Ist profd.... 41% R r, \v 26%
Rock Island 66% Do prefd 65
et Louis & S F.. 7% "hi C, W 14
Do Ist prefd.... 61% Haw Com Co IS
Do 2d prefd.... 28% Brooklyn R T .... 64%
Pt P II & M 154% Union Pacific .... :S%
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 new 4s reg.. 125 N JC 5s 112
Do coup 12.'i N Carolina 6s 125
LTL T S4s 110% Do 4» 101
Do coup 111 V« No Pac lsts 1124
Do 2dF 95 Do 3s 63%
LTL T S usreg 113% Do 4s 07 7
Do 6s coup 113% N X <' & St L 4s. 106%
District 3.65s 116 Nor ft VY 6s 122%
Ala class A 107% Nnrthwstrn cons. 142%
Do H 100 Do deb f.s 116%
DO C BO 0 Nay ists 11l
Do Currency ... 90 3 Nay 4s 96%
(Uchtson 4» 93% 0 S Line 6n tr.... 127
Do adj 4b 70% "i S Line 5s tr.... 104%
Tan Bo Ids 110 Pacific 6s of 95.. 101%
Chi Term 4s 86% Reading 4s 83
2 & Ohio £s 11 IS a (} W lsts 83%
C H & D 4%5.... 104% St L & I M C ss. 67
D&H <; lEts 108 3t L & SF G 6s. 117%
D & It G in 9314 =t P Con 143
Rti-t Term lsts.,. 108 51 I' C 4 P lsts.. 117%
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do fls 115
FW*: D Ists tr. 75 So Railway 85.... 94':
Ren Electric 55... 104 Stand R & T 6b.. 70
GH&S ACs 105 Term new set 35.. !HH
Do 24* 102 T Pac LC, l*ts.. 105%
II ft T C -'s 110% Do Rk 2ds 4314
Do con Cm 11l Union Pnc 4b 96%
lowa C lsts 102 0 P I) & G lstP. 67>i
La new cons 4b.. 103 Wnb Ist 5s 110
L & N T7nl «p.... 88 Do Ms fi
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 10H%
M X & T '.Ms 65% Va Centuries .... 70%
Do 4s S9*i[ Do deferred .... 4
N V Central Ist*. 11.'%!
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 iOntario 2 SO
Crown Point 03 ! Ophir 08
Con Cal ft Va.... IS 'Plymouth 12
De&dwood 30 Qulckßllver 1 00
Gould ft Curry.... 03 Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada ... 43
Komestake 46 00 Standard 15.*.
Iron Silver BE Union Con 10
Mexican 06 Yellow Jacket .... 07
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Boston El 67 '
Call loans 2 03% V. E til 170
rime loans 2V4@4 C.en Elec prefd... 94
Stocks— - •:; ■■ ■-■ Bonds—
A T & S F 13% Atchison prefd.... 34%
Amer Stiirnr 132", A.tchlson 4s 92H
Do prefd 113 i Ben Elec r.)> 104
Bay State Gas... 1% VYIs Cent lßta 46=4,
Bell Telephone ... 272 Do 6s 125%
Boston & Albany. 22» v Mining Shares—
Boston & Me...... 162 'Allouez Mln C 0... 4>4
Chi B & Q ".. 10. r .% Atlantic 28
Fltchburg ......... 9«%!Boston & Mont.... 204
Pen Electric 3S»ilßutte & Boston.. 23%
Illinois Steel BS Calumet & Hecla. 57
Mexican Central.. 4*4 Centennian 14>4
N Y& N Eng.... 95 Franklin 10%
Old Colony 192 Dsceola 45
Rubber 27Vi Qnlncy lift
L'nlon Pacific 23 >* Tamarack 155
West End 85 Wolverine 23,*
Do r>refd 105 Parrott 23
West in-house El.. 24>,i Old Dominion .... 22
Do prefd 54
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 13.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram from London says: Stock
markets here were quiet to-day and the gold
withdrawals exercised a slightly drooping ef
fect on the closing price. Americans were
! prejudice! by reports of yellow fever among
, the troops in Cuba and all were lower, except
j Central Pacific and Canadian Pacific.
! Bonds are being freely deposited in connec
: tion with the reorganization of the Baltimore
' and Ohio,
■ As to a possible change in the discount rate
of the Bank of England to-morrow, all that
can be said Is that this retention of the rate
will not check the gold withdrawals, while a
reduction to 2 per cent would not facilitate
them. Owing to the great abundance of call
money the bank rate is quite inoperative.
: The bank to-day sold £353.000 In German coin
; for shipment to Russia through Berlin. The
continued decline In that direction would seem
to be associated with the development of
: various Industries In Russia, the capital for
' which has been largely raised In Germany.
Argentines were sensibly firmer and Chileans
showed a large rise.
Spanish 4 - s clotted at 36 7 i. After the closing
there was a further advance to 37\.
Canadian Pacific, S6Hc; Grand Trunk. 7Vic.
Bar silver, steady, 27 1 - 4 d per ounce. Money, %
fj ■._. per cent.
PARIS, July 13.— Spanish 4's closed at 38.90.
MADRID, July 13.— Spanish fours closed to
day at SS. Gold was quoted here at 67.
NEW YORK GRAIN' AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
! 5900; exports, 17,759 barrels. Quiet and barely
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 16,925; exports, 42.79"..
! Spot, firm; No. 2. 95c f. O. b. afloat: export
, grade, £7c; elevator. Options opened firm and
advanced on wet weather news from abroad,
, Tuesday's export sales and general covering*.
j Later a sharp break was Inspired by weakness
f In stocks and prices showed Vulo net loss.
' No. 2 red July. So\£islc: closed, SO^c; Septem
ber. 72H©"3%c; closed, 72Vic.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Inactive.
METALS— market to-day exhibited lit
tle animation and but slight changes are noted
In quotations. The metal exchange calls pig
iron warrants at the close quiet, with $6 50
bid and $6 65 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $11 S7V^.
TlN— Quiet, with $!.". 55 bid and !15 65 asked.
1 SPELTER— and nominal at $4 50 bid and
$4 75 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, $3 97H bid and $4 02V& asked.
' The firm fixing the settling price for miners
: and smelters quote lead $3 SO.
1 COFFEE— Options closed steady. 5 points,
1 lower to 5 points higher. Sales. 22,000 bags,
including: August, $." 60. Spot«-Rlo. dull and
nominal; No. 7 invoice, C^c; No. 7 Jobbing.
6~>sC. Mild, quiet; Cordova, SVsj :lsc.
SUGARS— Firm, with sellers scarce; fair re
fining, 3Hc; centrifugal, 96 test, 4V:; rennet.
very steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8132 packages; Western
creamery. 131/17 c; Elgin*, 17c; factory, 11©12% c.
EQGS— Receipts, 7746 packages. Steady;
Western, 14c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July 13.— California dried
fruits quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— CffSc;
prime wire troy, Site; choice, S*i@9c; fancy
SHc.
PRUNES— i'gic.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, S'.'.'i'.Oc; Moorpark, 10
: Qi2c.
i PBACHES— Unpeeled, s£Sc; peeled, 12916 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 13.— Higher Liverpool cables
and confirmation of heavy export buslne-* ,-it
the seaboard yesterday, together with advices !
from New York that the foreign demand was ;
1 still unsatisfied, started wheat strong. Fine
weather and the more favorable crop news
developed generous Belling by scalpers partly
for the short account and partly to secure
profits from investments made on the recent
break. The market • did not get support
enough to sustain prices in the face of this
Belling and September .vent off to 67% c. July
lost lc, declining to 74\c. A break of 5c a
bushel In cash wheat at St. Louis and indica
tions that by this day week new wheat would
: be moving too freely for the demand caused
great weakness in the end and prices declined
Hill further. Chicago received forty cars of
wheat, thirty-seven being new. Atlantic port
I clearances of wheat and flour were equal to i
I 146,000 bushels. July lett off lo lower and Sep- |
tember lOst *iC.
.' The weather was fine for corn and crop
prospects Improved, but the comparatively loiv
price at the start encouraged bulls to buy
liberally in wheat and prices were mostly ad
vanced. The market turned decidedly weak
' during the latter part of the session, bulls un- !
loading their holdings and the early advance- |
! was more than lost. September declined Vie
; for the day.
Heavy selling by professionals during the last
halt hour, favorable crop reports and the
weakness in corn caused a downfall in oats.
September lost He.
| Falling off in the receipts and higher prices
'. for hogs started provisions strong. Later the
edge was taken off the market by considerable
realising and selling by packers. The decline
In the grains also had a depressing effect. Pork
closed »2%c town; lard lost 2%c and ribs 7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
1 July 75% 76% 74 74
; September 68% 6SV4 67% 67%
i December 6SVt 65% 67 ■* «"V4
! Corn No. 2—2 —
! July 32% 32% 31% 31%
September 31% 32% 31% ,31%
December 32% 33% 32% 32%
< tats, No. 2—
July 23% 23% 22% 22%
September 19% I--" 7 4 19 19%
May 22% 23% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per tibl—
| July 9 "5
j September 10 17% 10 17% 9 87% 990
I October
I Lard, per 100 lbs —
July
! September ' '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. 5 67% 570 560 660
; October B 72% 673 665 DCS
i Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
: July
September 575 575 600 6CO
October 5 77 • 6 77% 5 65 6 65
Cash Quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet but steady; No. 2 spring wheat, old, 750
BOc: No. 3 spring wheat, old, 7."i384c: No. 2 red,
i 77'-.rTi7Sc: No. 2 corn, 32 r ;iiJ?32%c; No. 2 oats,
' 2S%c: No. 2 white, 2t%c; No. 3 white. 25%®360;
No. 2 rye, 4:. 1 .< l '&4Cc; No. 2 barley, 31<834c; No.
3, : No. 4. — -; No. l flaxseed, ti 04%:
prime Timothy seed. 12 55: mess pork, per H.I.
$9 90@9 96; lard, per 100 lbs, $5 r.OWr> 55: short
I ribs sides (loose), %', 4 r, Tr ." 73; dry salted should.
ers (boxed), 4%!J47ic; short clear sides (boxed),
; }')}(6 20; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged.
' Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 3.000 4,000
; Wheat, bu 16,000 ■ 8.000
Corn, bu 314,000 563.0fifl
Oats, bu 212.000 170,000
! Rye. bu 3,000 45,000
j Barley, bu 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
marke was firm. Creameries, 13%®16c; dairies,
11@13M:C. Eggs, firm; fresh, ll%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 36,000 36,880
i Duluth 20.068 18.570
! Milwaukee 7,150 1,180 j
Chicago 14.850 7.684 !
| Toledo 30.909 13.000 i
St. Louis 28.000 ■ 9.000
Detroit 329 |
( Kansas City 13.500 10,000
Totals 150.506 95,314
Tidewater —
Boston 15.000 ...
New York 42.797 16,923
I Philadelphia 452 1.480 :
: Baltimore 24,645 18,090
New Orleans I
i Galveston 10,450
Totals 93.344 34,405
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 54 25 46 00
Closing ...54 90 46 50
; Flour —
Opening 24 75 2125
Closing M 24 90 2130
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dee.
Opening 6 11% 5 8%
| Closing ....6 7% 6 11% 0 S*i
REVIEW OF THE WHEAT SITUATION.
CHICAGO, July IS.— The Daily Trade Bulle
tin In Its soml-annua! review of the wheat
situation to-day says: Estimated supplies of
: flour and wheat In second hands In United
I i States and Canada equal 27,000,000, against 42,
, ( 000,000 bushels one year ago. Supplies of
, wheat In farmers' hands, 16.C00.000, against 30.
1 000,000 bii'h'ls last year. Estimated wheat
crop, 660,000,000 bushels. against 650,000.000
bushels lan f year. Reports the distribution as
■ follows for past year: Consumption, 308,000,000
bushels: seed, 60,000,000 bushels; exports, 217.
000,000 bushels: on hand July 1. nbout 42,000,000
bushels, or a total of 627,000,000 bushels. Esti
mated supplies in the United ■ States for cur
rent harvest year, 6J2.000.000. bushels. Stocks in
! Europe equal 69,000,000 bushels, against 50,000,
' 000 bushels lost- year. Outlook for' world's
wheat crop favors an Increase of 300,000,000
j bushels In excess of 1597.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, y July 13.-CATTLE— The general
: demand for cattle to-day was fairly active.
THE SAST FEANCISCO CALL, THUESDAT, JULY 14, 1898.
! Prices were steady at the recent advance.
! Choice steers, $5@5 40; medium. $4 o.*i#4 75; beef
! steers, $4 10(3'4 50; stockers and feeders, $2 900
4 7:. ; bulls, $:«i"4 20: cows and heifers. $3 20$j
| 4; calves, $5 75<&'7: Wastern steers. $4 25<i70 15.
HOGS— Were active and 10c higher. Fair to
■ choice, $3 X©4 15; packers, $3 8503 92^; butch
• ers' $3 B.'i(g4 10; mixed. $3 8504 05; lights, $3 80
i <iI4 0-5: pigs. ?! 00^3 SO.
SHEEP— Were active at steady prices. Native
' sheep. $3 50325:. culls, $2 50iiT3 25; Westerns, $4(f?
i 4 75; rams, $2 8503 50; spring lambs, $4 75-ri6 65.
'< Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; Hogs, 25,000;* Sheep,
10.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, July 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000. Market steady to 10c higher. Native
steers, $3 90©-5 30; native cows and heifers, $2
&A 35; stockers and feeders, $2©4 80; bulls,
: I*o6.
HOGS— P.ecelpts. 18,000. Market s@loc higher.
■ Bulk of sales. $3 70(53 90; heavies, $3 8504; pack
' ers. $3 60!53 S5; mixed, $3 60!T3 90; lights. $3 55ff8
3 75: yorkers, $3 7093 75; pl*s. $3 1093 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000. Market firm. Lambs,
J3 7696; muttons. $806.
OMAHA. •
OMAHA. July 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2600.
: Market steady to strong. Native beef steers,
$4 1096 15; Western steers, $4g'4 70; cows and
heifers. $3 50© 4 30; stockers and feeders, $3 60@
4 SO: calves, $4 ,WTG 60: bulls and stags, $3<ff4 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 7200. Market 10c higher.
Heavy, }3 8003 90; mixed, $3 SO-^3 SO; light, $3 77
i <gS 86: bulk of sales, $3 8003 85.
i SHEEP— Receipts, 1200. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 Ss@4 50: fair to choice
Westerns, $3 70Q-4 40; common, »3 5004 25;
: lambs, $' 35(5 6.
DENVER.
DENVER, July 13.— Receipts, 1700.
Market, firm; beef steers, $3 So@3 90; cows,
$3'§ 1 4 25; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 75
I <§4 50: stoekers, freight paid, $435; bulls, stags,
etc., $2 5003 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. Market, 10c higher.
Light packers, $3 7098 75; mixed, $3 70<ij3 SO;
heavy. $3 6003 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1300. Market, firm. Good
fat muttons, $3@4 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, July 13.— Earl Fruit Company's
auction sales of California fruit: Plums—Wick
son. $2 HO; Burbank, $IQI 50; average, $1 12;
Satßuma, JUS"! 25; average, SI 02. Tragedy
Prunes, $1 22; Nectarines, $1 30. Weather
warm. Six cars sold.
BOSTON, July 13.— Bartlett Pears— sl 60(5?:;
average, $1 S6. Cherries— Royal Anne, 40cfi
$1 20; average, 74c; Black Republican, p6c<o>
$1 15; average, Ssc. Weather wet. Seven cars
cold. -'-mgrnn ur.ul
NEW YORK, July IS.— Bartlett Pears— sl 60S
2 36: average, $2 03. Plums — Durban 80cfj
$1 70; average., $1 10. Tragedy Prune*— sscW
$1 65; average, $1 21. Peaches— St. John, 86$
96c; average, 76c; Hale's Early, 45939 c; aver-
I age. Sic; Imperial, 01c. Royal Anne Cherries—
85@55c; average, We.
MONTREAL, July 12.— Bartlett Pears aver
aged $1 3«(Jf2 11; half boxes, 65e. Peaches St.
John, $1 20; Imperial, 9OCOSI 2.; average. $1 tit;
Half's Early, BOCOSI 20; average, $1 02. Plums
— Burbank. Si 49; Royal Hative. $1 05. Tragedy
Prunes— W. Two cars sold.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July 13.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
Wool market: The market has net been so
devoid of Interest this week as during some
previous weeks, though the situation is by no
means a lively one. A leading feature^ Is the
practical consummation of a sale of 700,00)
pounds of South American cross-breds, for
which the parties here have been negotiating
for some time. There have been some good
sized sales of Australian, one party negotiating
the sale of 600,000 pounds, more or less, and
another one 160.000 pounds. There has been
a rather good Inquiry for medium Territory
Wools. There have also been quite a number
of sales of medium fleece Wools, the total
reaching: 315,000 pounds. Quotations, of course,
are occasionally shaded, but as a rule there Is
that same complacency on the part of holders
of Wool regarding the future that has been
so pronounced a feature for the last eighteen
months.
The rales of the week in Boston amount to
6J6.000 pounds domestic and 504,000 pounds for
eign, making a total of LSS6.OOO, against a total i
of 1,975,000 pounds for the previous week and |
j a total of 8,942,000 pounds for the corresponding
week last year.
Sal's since January 1. IS9*. amount. to 69,464,
310 pciur.ilß, against 150, 441, 600 pounds last year
at this time.
LONDON WOOL BALES.
LONDON*. July 13.— There was unusual ac
tivity at the wool auction rales to-day. Com
petition was keen for good selections of me
rinos and fine lines of scoured, which sold at
full rates. Lories «nd pieces brought a good
price and were taken by the continental repre
sentatives. New South Wales wool sold ex
tremely well. The number of bales offered was
11,560. Following nre the sales in detail:
I New South Wai**. 4200 bales; - scoured, Bd@
! Is io%d; greasT, o'jflii.l.
j Queensland, 200 bales; scoured. Is 2d@ls 5%d.
! Tasmania, 1200 bales; scoured, C%d; greasy,
B%t)Tlld.
Victoria, 2000 hales; scoured, 7Vid'g'ls "d;
gronsy. E%dols 7.V
South Australia, ICO bales; greasy. t*4O9d.
New Zealand, 2SOO bales: scoured, g'Ad®
Is 2%d; greasy, E%69%d.
i Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 400 bales;
scoured, ls®ls 3d; arreasy. 7C9d.
A salo of fheeprkins will be held on Tues
day, July 28. At this sale 3000 Australian and
MO bales of Punta Arenas will be offered.
FOREIGN MARKET.
LONDON, July 13.— Consols, 11l 11-16; silver,
27'., <1; French rentes, 103f 10c.
LIVERPOOL, July -Wheat, steady; car
goes off coast, more inquiry; cargoes on pas-
Rag"?, little doing; French country markets,
quieter; Liverpool wheat. No. 1 California.
7s Id«T"R 2d; wheat in Paris, firm; flour in
Paris, firm.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull; July. 5s 7Ud;
September, f.s ll'id; December. Bs B%d.
CORN— July quiet, 3s l%d; September quiet,
|i !"•..!; October quiet, 3s g%d.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 15-32 d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July 13.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 61@6Sc; valley and blue stem, eifciOsc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 13.— Wheat dull and lifeless.
Club, 61c; blue stem, G4c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— T0-day's statement
of th» condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $233,284,229; gold reserve,
$175,205,436.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., July 13.— Exchanges, $252,
258; balances, $45,259.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 13.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 5 13-16 c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, Bight — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85%
Stirling Cables — 4 is
New York Exchange, telegraphic — It's
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6!H»
Mexican Dollars 46 lG^i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — There Is nothing: new to report.
Trade is as dull as ever.
Ppo» Wheat— Shipping, $1 25<g)l 27%; milling,!
$1 35<gl 45 per ctl. •
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal session 9:15 o'clock — December
2000 ctlß, $1 28%; 10.000. II 25%; 10,000. $1 2SU..
i Second nesion— December— 6ooo etlp, $128.
1 Regular morning session December — 35.000
; rtl^ $127%; 4000. $1 27%; 4000, $127%; 4000.
|l «%.
Afternoon session — December— l6,ooo ctls,
' $1 2"H: 10.000, $1 27%; 26.000, » 27%.
BAULKY— The market Is dull.
Feed. $1 17^1 2lVi: Brewing. $1 25©1 35.
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal seslon — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
i Second session — No »ales.
Regular morning session— December— 2000 ctls.
; $1 16%. ■
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctlß.
$1 18>4; 4000, $1 IS%.
OATS-Fancy Feed. $1 32Hf(l 35 per rtl: good
i to choice. $1 25©1 32%; common, $1 l7tt<Bl 22%;
Surprise. $1 32%@1 35: gray, $1 22%<ffl 25; mill
inc. II SOOI 35 per ctl.
t CORN— Small round yellow. Jl 2S«*l 30; East
ern large yellow, $1 05@l 07V4; white, $105®
i $1 07V2: mixed. $1 02M:fri 05 per ctl.
RYE— sl 20« 125 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7G'cjl S3 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $5@5 10; bakers' ex
tras. $4 75@4 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Price* in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75 per 100;
Rice . Flour, $7; Cdrnmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cernmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, JS 25Q3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4
(04 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75- Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 85@6 25; In sacks. $5 65<7i6 05;= Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 2o; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. .
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There Is no change in anything. Hay is still
In light receipt and, firm, wjth consumers buy-
Ing from hand to mouth. I', "."'v
1 BRAN— SI 4 50©lB 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O4/22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $25tff>36 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 531©31 60; Jobbing.
|323f32 60; Cocoanut Cake, -$2 25 ; Cottonseed
; Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $234J23 50;
1 Cracked Corn. 124^24 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, IIS 60@19 for choice
andsl7©lß for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
$17@18 60; Oat. $17*0:18: Wild Oat, $16(?it7; Bar
ley, ; Island Barley, J14<516; Alfalfa. $12 50
©13: Clover, 113014 60 per ton.'
STRAW— 6O»39Oc per bale. ..
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30@2 95: Small Whites,
$1 SO^l 90; Large Whites. $1 75<31 80; Pinks, $2 60
©2 75; Reds,' S3 75©2 83; Blackeye. t2@3 25: But
ters. $ISO@2; Llmas. {2 80Q-2 90; Pea, $1 90©2:
Red Kidneys. ?2 50@2 70 per ell.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $46005 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, ;M 505/5; Flax. $2"&2 05; Canary
Heed, 2M@2%C per lb; Alfalfa, '3^6c; Rape, 21,";2 1 ,";
2->ic; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, iJiSJaVic.
DRIED PEAS— Jl 75@2; Green, ?2@2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions stand about the same.
Vegetables are in butter supply, as a rule,
and several kinds are weaker.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. Go©6oc In sacks
and 60$S0c in boxes for Early Rose and £0Q
7.V in sncl;s and 60c@$I in boxes fir Burbanks.
ONIONS— 2O®4Oc per sack for red and 80®90c
per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, "c'f?s2 per
box; Green Peas, IV('2 ■•>: per lb: String Beans,
-•■■■ per lb; Hay Squash, $I@l 25; Oreen Pep
pers, 50®75c for Chile and Jlfil 60 for Hell;
Dried Peppers, B®6c; Cabbage, 50c per ctl: Car
rots, So@soc per sack; Hay Cn^inibers, 81Q
1 25; Marysville, Eo^6oc; Vacavllle Tomatoes.
G6c@sl; Lo S Angeles, Jl@l 25 per lxix; River
I Tomatoes, Wir: ■>:.; Green Corn. .V'i";isi 25 per
! sack for Vacaville, Will 25 per crate for Ala
! niHda and GOCfsric for Herkeiey; Garlic, 2@3c
per lb; Green Okru, 75cffjl; Egg Plant, $ir t r
1 50 per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes.
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 Iba: sliced
desiif-ated. l«®18c; granulated, raw. 13c;
Onions. 60e: Carrots, old, 13c: new, ISc: Cub
ba-_e, 80c: Sweet Potatoes. 3<v- : Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys are higher. The whole market Is
about the same fus It has been, though the de
mand is slack at the moment.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13®14c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; young Turkeys, 17W
18c; Geese, ncr r>alr, 7"»-w'l: Ooslingß, 75c@$l;
iHicks, J2 50®J for old nnd fS@5 for young;
Her.s. 14@5; Roosters, young, JO',; 7: Roosters,
old, $4 50ifir, : Fryers, J " ..:, BO: Br Hers, S4@4 50
for lurße. $2 Do®3 .".o for small; Pigeons, $1 60®
1 7.". ;.er dozen for young and Jl'jjl 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTED. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no actual decline in 'Butter, but the
market Is liberally supplied nnd rather weak
than otherwise. Free' arrivals from Oregon
are the feature nt the moment.
Ranch Egps continue firm, while etore Eggs
ar« quiet and easy,
BUTTER— .
Creamery— erf a merles, 21c. with sales
of special brands at 22c: seconds, 20c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@19c; common,
grades, 154; 16c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 14Q15c per lb;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— and mil* new, Sc; old, 7@
"He; Cream Cheddar, l0@llc; Young America,
'■•"' Eastern. L2<s !3c.
EGGS— Ranch Esrs, l6' ;; lS'-c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12@14c; Eastern, 12Vi@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRTITS.
Poaches and Apricots were easier, though
there was no marked decline. It looks as if
the Apple crop would I"- rather shy this year,
and it is no exaggeration to say that the hot
v.md of a fortnight ;!,to blew half of them oft
the trees in si veral Imj-wrtunt districts. The
same may be Raid of Pears.
Oranges are dotng l>«tt--r. Lemons are weak.
Limes are In better supply ;md weak.
Huckleberries are on the market at 10c
per tt>.
DECIDTJOI7S FRUITS—
Strawberries, JJ ; r:" per chest for large and
84@6 f >r small.
Koyal Anne Cherries, 30940 c; loose, 2 1 *.-;;.ic
per lb.
f'lp 25@40c per boa for single and 40@85c for
d(.ubl<- layers.
Cantaloupes. Jl^l 26 per dozen; NutmegJ, 75c
per dosen; Watermelons, Jl@l 73 per dozen.
Red Nectarines, flQl 26; Wiilte Nectarines
50^2 75c.
Fontalnebleau Grapes from VncaVille, 50cft$l
per crate; Seedless White Graphs from l'uma
per crate; Black Grapes, .
Blackberries, $3iS4 per chest.
Currants, II 50®3 per cheat.
Plums, sC£j7sc per crate and 36@75c per box.
Apricots, 40<3>75c per box and ?o@Ssc per crate
and $40<&65 per to* In bulk.
Peaches, s(.'ciisl per box, 85cQ$l 25 r>er
basket.
Raspberries. H®t per chest.
Ai)pl.e3, .:.■...■, per small and 75c@$l 10 per
larpe box. ~ •
Crabapples, ,r.o!if6oc, r .o!if6oc per box.
l-'artlett Pears,. $KU 20 per box; Windfalls,
nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— XaveI Oranres, 11 :..,.. ■• v
Seedling*, 7Sc@ll: Lemons. $1 .■:.,.•; for rdm
men and $2 50@3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $C!g7; Bai anas, {1 '.y,i2 per bunch:
Pineapples, $* t4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, kAISIXS. ETC.
The Inquiry for Dried Fruits la reported Im
proving. New Apricots are particularly In de
mand and buyers are out In the country after
them. There Is little talk of Peaches and
Prunes as yet.
DKIED Fit -. Prunes, carload lots 4*:®
Be for 40-bO's, 4'i'./l' ,- for EO-6Cs, 3%«Nc for
CO-70s, 314@3'/4c for 70-80" s, 2->i(ii3c tor SO 90's L' ; 'i
®214 c for M ISO's; Peaches, 3Sf.c; fancy sV4fl
5. . peeled. 10@12U C ; new Apricots, isj9c for
Royals; old Apricots, ;)&6' 2 c for Royals and
7C"Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, T'-y'j c; sun-dried, <V£sc- Ulack
Figs. In sacks, 2<@2V4c; Plums. 4^@4»4c for
pitted and lUfffl'ic for linpitted; bleached
Plums, SfJ&Vic; Nectarines, 4@6c for prime to
fancy; Pears. 1% • '<'i> for quarters and 3Jjsy-c
for halves, according to color, etc. -
RAISINS 2«r2VJc for two-crown, 2%(g3c for
three-crown, 3V4@3%C for four-crown. -i»/,c for
Beedless sultanas. 2%c for Leedless Muscatels
and $11/1 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2v^c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 3<3*c for hardshell. 4^6c for
soitshfil; Almonds. B@4c for hardshell, 6®70 tor
softs hell, S"/jli?c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
c^c for Eastern and ■*■-.<• for California; Pe
cans,' 6V46'Sc; Filberts, 9Vi©loc; Brazil Nuts,
£&9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, SfplOc for bright and B®7o
for 10-vver grades; water-white extracted, s^@
6c; llj?ht amber extracted, 4%ig-6Vc per It).
BEESWAX— 26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per It) for
heavy, 9Vic for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12Q12^c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10'.i@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9V4@loc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per hbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12;- fait
Pork, $1»; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$171;17 CO; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12(&U'll.i
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per I*)
for compound and Sc for pure; pails, >\ ■;
California tierces, B%<J per lb for compound
and 7o for pure; half barrels, 7'Ac; 10-11) tins
8c; 6-lti tins. SUe
COTTOLiENE— 6»i^G%c: package*
less than 300 lbs- 1-Ib pails, 60 in a case, 9'/&c;
3-n< palls, 20 in a case, Br;i,c;8 r ;i,c; 5-!t> paiis, 12 i>i a
case, B'/4c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B%c; SO-Ib
tins, l or 2 in a case, 77j0:7 7 j0: wocier buckets, 2u
lbs net. SHe; fancy tubs, SO lbs n't, V'ji.c; half
biirrcls, about 110 lbs, 7%c per tb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lOHc: medium, 9'£c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9%c; Stan, 6%c; salted Kip. 95J»^c;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and
brands, ]2f/12Uc: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf, 18c; Goatskins, 27Ms@SOc; medium. oOo;
winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 16@25c each;
short wool. 30@40c each; medium, 6O"@Soc; lons
wool, 90c4i$l 10" each; Horsehldes, . salt, }2'n2 00
for large and $15/2 for .small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V£<s3?ic per lt>;
No. 2. 2Vj'C'3c; refined, 4V« ■I'-ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern, S'jil2e. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Jnaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. t,@loc: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12 r^14c; do. defective, 10@12c;
Middle county. 13W16c: Humboldt and Mendo
ctno, 15017 c; Nevada, lC<ij'l4c; Eastern Oregon,
10913 c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOI'S— ISfI? crop, 9®l2'/4c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, Dc; Wool nags,
nominal; San Quentln. $4 85.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 60; Seat
tle. $6: Bryant, $G: Coos Buy, $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 2." in bulk and $11 TO in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite EgR, $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Spring! and Castle Gate,
$7 CO: Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
packs.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, B%c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry . Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, s"*c; Magnolia A, sVjc; Extra C,
5-y s c: Golden C. SV*c; California A. 5%c per lb,
half -barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes
Vie more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
"Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6^c; second quality,
sV4<H't>c: third quality. 4 1 ,£@5V4c per lb.
VEAL Large, ■iii."c; small, 6(rt7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7 l ,iiii>c; Ewes, 707% c
i per lb.
. LAMB— Spring, S®B^c per It).
POKK— Live Hogs. 4'i^sc for large, s»4®sUc
for medium and 4, l ijj4 l for small; stock Hogs,
2©2'/4c; dressed Ho^s, 7ffSc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. July 13.
Flour, qr sks ... S.SSSiHay, tons 260
Wheat, ctls ..... • .35 Wool, bales M
Barley, ctls 1,070 Pelts, bdls 3.375
Corn, ctis 150 Hides, .; &74
Cheese, ctls 10S Eggs, doz... 15,750
Butter, ctis 259 Quicksilver, flsk. . 90.
Tallow, ctis 200 Lumber, ft 10,000
Beans, sks K7B Wine, pals ....... 41,350
Potatoes, Fks ... 8.030 Lime, ,bbls .. ■ 3<iO
Onions, sks ..... 910 Leather, rolls ... 153
Bran, sKs 1,000 Sugar, bbla 60
Middlings, sks .. fir.
OREGON.
Hay. ton* 30 i
THE STOCK MARKET.
If mining- stocks ' continue to shrink much
longer they will goon be out of sight. Two bits
s a pretty fair price for a mining share these
days.
Belcher has postponed the dellnquincy of Its
assessment to August 2 and the sale to August
23; Chollar its delinquency to August 2 and
sale to August 23; Hale & Norcross its delin
quency to August 9 and sale to August 26.
Local securities were active and not ma
terially changed.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany has re-elected the old board of directors,
with J. B. Stetson as president, A. Borel &
Co. treasurers, Albert Stetson secretary and
J. W. Harris superintendent.
The annual meeting of the Benton Consoli
dated Mining Company has been called for
July 27.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 10 cents per share,
amounting to $10,000, payable July 18.
The May Day Mining Company of Utah has
levied an assessment of % a cent per share.
The Boston and Cripple Creek Gold Mining
Company has levied an assessment of 10 cents
per share, delinquent August 1.
The Crown Point Mining Company has a
cash balance on hand of $165 75, with all ex
penses for the month of June paid.
The annual meeting of the Overman Mining
Company will be held to-day.
The Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comstoclc lode for the past week on the'
130 level the main west drift has been cleaned
out and repaired a distance of 5 feet; total
length, 621 feet. On the 500 level have been
taken out Steel rails for future use. Bruns
wick lode— The Joint north drift on the Sutro
tunnel level has been advanced 9 feet; total
length, ISO feet; face In poryphry.
The official letter from the Occidental Con
solidated mine lor the past week says: "From
the slopes on the 5f.0 level we have" extracted
and milled SO tons of ore, of th« average assay
value of $8 40 per ton. Shipped to Selby
Smelting Company 16,700 pounds of concen
trates, valued at $300 per ton."
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to C carloads of ore, of the
average assay value of $:5 67 per ton. There
is no change In the mine.
In the Caledonia mine on the 1000 level the
west drift from the head of the Incline has
b^en extended 10 feet through quartz of a low
assay value;' total length of drift, 26 feet.
The following ore shipments were made over
the Eureka and Palisade railroad from the
mines of Eureka district. Nevada, for the week
ending July .S: Eureka Con.. 33.100 pounds;
Excelsior, 127,880 pounds; Hamburg, 34,200
pounds; Jackson. 33,510 pounds; Richmond, 63,
010 pounds. From Hamilton— McEllin, 35,690
pounds: Itocco. 40,330 pounds.
The Pacific Surety Company proposes to In
crease Its capita! stock from $100,000. consisting
cf i 00 snares of the par. value of $100 each, to
$250,000, of 2600 shares of the par value of
$100 each, and a meeting of the stockholders
has been called for September 15 to obtain the
proper authorization for the Increase.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. July 13—2 p. b.
Bid. Ask. Hid. Ask.
I- S Bonds— lakland Gas.. 61% —
Is quar coup.. ill'/; J ac Gas imp.. S5 —••
Is quar reg... 11014110% f'ac 1., Co — 50'
Is quar new. ..124 125 iF G & E... 85% 55%
Miscellaneous — san Fran . 3 3y.
?al-st Cab 55. 112 — Stock Gas .... 12 — '
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
- C Wat .*■*... — 93 Flrem's Fund. 185 —
Dup-st ox c... — OSH Bank Stocks—
E L & 1" 6.5..125H130 Anglo-Cal .... 55 *63
P& Cl Ry 65. 113 114 Bank of Ca1. .245 —
3eary-st It ss. — 100 "al SD & T.. 98 100
II C& S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A Li Co 6s. — 100 Lon P& A. 127% —
Do gntd f.s.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 "15
Market-st *C 5..124 — N'ev Nat 1? 156 105
Do Ist M 55.. 114 Hi. Savings Banks-
Nat V!n 6s lots — 974 Or S & 1,.. — 1650
NCNO Ry 75.100V4 — Hum S & L.1050 HBO
NT Ry Cal 65. .108 — Mutual Bay. — 424
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 102% 3 F Say V... 4M) —
< PC Rlt Bs.loo -- 3& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 5s 100 — Security SR. 260 —
Do 2d is 55.. — 100?; Union T Co. looo —
Dm Ry 6s 125% — Street Railroad—
1' & O 6s 110 — California ....— 10S
P & Ci Rv 65.103 IC3V4 Jeary 40 —
Powell-Bt 65. ..119 — M:trket-8t .... l2Vi 53
Reno WX.&L...100 — Presidio «" 8
Sac ElecßyGs.loo — Powder —
3 F.& N 1' 55.106»51P6% California ....120 150
BlerraßCal 6s. — IP3 R Dynamite... S5 —
6 t' of at C5..103?;i04'.i Giant Con Co. 46% 47H
8!' Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorlt 3 3Vi
3PC Is eg 55.. P4 — Miscellaneous
-i p Hr 6s 113V.11G Al I'ac A.-Kn.. 5?, V 94
3 v Wat 65...117"i11S G<»r Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat -is... 102 IC2U liana P C 0.... 114 15
Stock Gas 65. .100 — H C .C S Co.. 22 —
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. '•■'• t 51
Contra Costa.. HO 64 Her Ex A«sn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 9SU 95% Oceanic B Co. 65V1 —
Gas A Electric— Pac a F 1...... 1% 2Vi
Cent Gaslight. lo6 — Pac Bot C 0... .100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
TO liana Plantation Co 14 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 00
12.-. do do .:*..■.-. .' v 21 S7H
5 Market-street Railway 52 30
10 Oakland Gas *. 5150
5 P F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
$3000 S P.. of A Bonds 104 00
Stre -t—
$:>OOO Market-street Cable Cs Bond? 124 75
30 Spring Valley Water 98 2.'
$11. 000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds l.""2 00
$7COO S !' of A Bonds .'.....104 00
Afternoon Session.
10 California Safe Deposit 08 50
10 do do !>S 00
10 Giant Powder Con, s 30 47 00
7.'. Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 2175
100 do do ...: 21 574
100 do do 22 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co S5 50
$5000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102124
$1000 F& N PRy Bonds 106 50
1000 Vigorlt Powder 3 124
Street—
70 Spring Valley Water 98 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
2" Spring Valley Water 9S 25
30 Market-street Railway 53 00
Afternoon Session.
15 Hutchlnson 9 P Co 50 73
40 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 25
MINING STOCKS. '
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Hoard yesterday:
Moraine Session.
500 Con Cal & Va.. 11! 50 Sierra Nevada.. 44
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar 12 CO Con Cal & Va... OS
300 111500 Ophlr 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice — 06
AHa — 04 Kentuck ....... — 04
Andes — 05|t,ady Wash ... — 92
Belcher 12 13IMexlcan 07 OS
Cost & Belcher 10 12 Occidental- 65 60
Bullion ......... — 05 Ophlr 09 10
Caledonia 15 17 Overman 03 05
: hollar 11 13 Potosl — 03
Challenge Con. 08 —Savage 10 12
Confidence 19 20 Beg Belcher ... 03 05
Con Cal & Va. 07 09 Scorpion 03 —
2on Imperial .. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 3S 40
?ruwn Point ... 02 04 Silver Hill .... 03 05
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — 03
1 Eureka Con ... — 20 -Standard —1 60
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 12 13
Gnuld & Curry. 03 05 Utah — 03
I Hate & Norcrs. 38 — Yellow Jacket. 08 10
Julia — . 03
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Wagdln to William W. Whitely, lot on
W line of San Carlos avenue (Jessie), So S of
Twentieth. S 22 by W 75; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to William Hagerty,
lot on S line of Twenty-third street, 180 E of
Hoffman avenue (Ellen), X 2i by S 114, lot 134,
Heyman Tract; $2700.
Estate of Thomas Fitzslmmons (by John
Murphy and Uernhard Classen, executors) to
H. W. Gallett, lot on N\Y line of Howard
street, 425 S\V of First, SW 25 by N\V S5;
18510.
Manuel J. Saymon to Elena E. Rodifer (wife
of Robert E.), lot on SE line of Clementina
street. 110 XE Fourth. NE 40 by SE GO; gift.
Roslta and William G. Hyder to Joseph M.
Strauss, lot on N\V line of Howard street, 12,' i
SW Fifth, SW 47:6 by NW SO; $>UO.
Josephine fierce to Charles G. Nagle. lot on
SE line of Howard Street, 145 SAY of Eighth,
SW 55 by 85; $10.
Hanchen Frankel to Julius and Charles
Franks), lot on SK corner of Twelfth avenue
and L street, S 500 by E 120; $100.
John A. Wylley to D. W. Carmichael. lot on
W line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 1150 S of Q
street, S .'.O by W 120; grant.
Patrick J. Grady to Mary E. Greely (wife of
Thomas H), lot on W line of Lisbon street,
260 B of China avenue. S 50 by W 100, lot 7,
block IS, Excelsior Homestead; gift.
Frederick W. Stanford to Pacific Coast
Jockes Club, lot on SE corner of Hnlloway and
Arlington streets, S 300, E 112:6. S 150, E 112:0.
N 450. \V 225, lots IS to 4S, block 27. Lakevlew;
$10.
Alameda County.
Hannah Colbert to Elizabeth Donovan, lot
on N line of Twenty-seventh or Park street,
2C5 W of Grove, W 25 by N 100, being lot 44.
block 2024, Whitcher Tract, map 2, Oakland;
gift.
Mary A. Stewart to Josephine Knauss, lot on
E line of Willow street, 104 N of Seventh, N 26
by E 111:8, beln* lot 5, block 526, Olbbons f
property at Oakland Point, Oakland; $10.
.John Titus l" Knima F. Hi»ath fwife of J.
H.). all of lots 4. fi and 6 within the exterior
boundary lines o: fractional block 25, Clinton,
East Oakland; $:>ooo.
Oakland Rank of Savings to Kate C. Wright
(wife of Benjamin), lot on E corner of Fifth
avenue and East Tenth street, NE 50 by SE
140. block 21. same, East Oakland; also lot on
I E line of Telegraph avenue, as recocnizert In
I IS6B. 50 S of Walnut or Twenty-second street,
S mo by E 125, block D. Wilcox place, Oakland;
$90(M).
F. A. and Mary L. Leach to Gilbert B. Dan
iels, beginning at a point on the proposed E
line of Commerce street, 334 SE from East
Thirteenth avenue and also 110. 6S NE from
NE line of Twenty-first street, thonce NE 44.94.
SE 142.17. SW 43.23. SW 2.01. NW 140.91 to be
ginning, block 7ft. Northern Addition to Brook
lyn, East Oakland; also lot on SW line of East
Twenty-third street. 150 NW of Seventeenth
avenue, SW 32. 1-3, SW 126.2;. SW 30.77, NW
I' 7R, NE I'll. SE 44.94, thence 123.57 to begin
ning, Enst Oakland; $2500.
The Realty Syndicate to George Sterling, lot
on NE corner of Evoy avenue or Fortieth
street and Adeline Ftreet, E 257.11, N 146.20, W
244.12, S 146.5S to beginning, being lot 19. map
of H. C. Dohr's Homestead, Oakland Town
ship; $2000.
Sara L. Jones to Ednle C. Jones, lot on N
line of Francisco street, 240 E of California,
N 135:414 by E 120, being lot S, block 1. State
University Homestead Association No. 5,
Berkeley; grant.
Catherine E. Penchard to Valentine J. and
Henrietta M. Run. lr.t on SW corner of High
land avenue and Plymouth street. W 40 by S
132.50, being lot 14, block E, Amended Map Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $200.
Felix and Milva Chappellet to I.la E. Wagner
fwife of Charles F), lot on W line of Tele
graph avenue, 65 S of Jones street, S 5 by W
i 100. being portion Corrected Map Jones Tract,
i Oakland ; $32r,.
| Alexander Marx to Hannah Work (wife of J.
W.), lot on NE line of East Fiftenth street. 70
SE of Seventh avenue. SE 30 by NE 100, block
71. Clinton, East Oakland; $1060.
| George M. and Ethel Sheldon to Robert Wan
! ne-nmaeher, lot on E line of Adeline street,
27 SO N of Alcatraz avenue, E 100.83, N 33. 35'.j.
W 100.31. SW to beginning, block 1. Central
Park Tract, Berkeley; $15.
Builders' Contracts.
Theresa (Teresa) Murphy (owner) with A.
McDonald (contractor), architect M. J. Welsh.
All work except plumbing and Rasfltting. paint
ing, plastering, brick work and grading for al
i teratlons and additions to present 2-story build
ing to be raised and made Into a 3-story build-
Ing on lot on SW corner of Natoma and Russ
streets ; {1400.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEI,.
E M Wilson. Vallejo Miss Howard. S Jose
J P Myers, Cal F H Coffin, Portland
A Weymann. Cal C Gray, Oroville
A J Ross, Cal H Simmons, S Jose
F M West, Stktn G Hluohdz, Cal
II T Watson, Mont W H Strobridge, Cal
W F George, Sacto G B Nichols, Cal
Mrs J Eolano, Cal II D Smith, S Cruz
J It Powell, Pa G D Domin, Fulton
E B Jordan Jr, NT J A McMahan. Cal
D L Snediker, Chgo C J Schuster & w, Cal
W d« C Havenal, D C Mrs J Martin. Cal
H P Weber, Chicago Mrs J W Browning &
E Smith & w, Oakland f. Grand Isle
M Kahn, Petrtluma Mips L Connor, G Isle
J X Roberts, Sac-.o H A Hellhmn, Sacto
W Murray, Plr-asanton Mrs M B Blthell, Sacto
A S Whlttcn. Mln G S McPhee. Cal
W S Gardner, Cal J E Taylor, Humboldt
W C Davis, Tucson |M P Morgans & w, Cal
N Abbott, Chlco |j Horton & w, Cal
W AMlddagh & w, Cal,X H Petersen, w & m.
I" 0 BUm, S Cruz , Fresno
A J Bruner, Sacto ij B C'hlnn. Porterville
Mlfs Burton, Stktn !j H Alden, Redlands
C E Curry & w, Cal i
PALACE HOTEL.
O N Beale, N V Mr Babcock & w, Cal
I. A Rice. Tulnrc C C Heckler, Chicago
Mrs S II Lathrop, Cal \V L Peck, N T
Miss Pratt, Cal G E Babcock, Cal
It E Jack. Cal Mrs G E Babcock, Cal
E E de Steigner & w, W E Fitch, Ky
Seattle J C Alnsworth, Or
J W Ro«enbaiim, Cal B 1' Stelnman, Sacto
Mrs F McLaughlin, Cal E F Wilbur, Colo
Miss McLaughlln. Cal S F Beckei, Wash
I, R Searles, S Cruz S N RucKer, S Jose
Ii Rubenstein. N V C M Sheldon, Kan
J Hatch. NY J Oventreet & w, Ind
Dr Chlsholm, Chicago C E Eaton, Ind
J A Chisholm. N T
R Schwartzkoph. Cal ' C C Powning, Reno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
r, W Knlgrt. Cal A C Harvey. Omr.ha
T Craven. Oakdale D L Botsford. Los Ang
E n Purcell, Ft Haker E H Fletcher, Detroit
J A W+lliams. Tacoma C S Holmes, Seattle
B ailljy, Butte E E Lynn, Seattle
H A htemmnns, Cal A Filfon & im, M"nt
M 3 Crawford, Los An W H Dalton & w cnl
C B Hnrrifon, Loa AnjflM Fentherly, L'klah
F Mooney, Vip*lia C F Dlxon, -Jovh-v.i
J R Randall, Sulsun Ij R Small, L^s> Cun-.a
C Johnson, Madera
GOES TOO FAR.
"I on'erstant," said the colored phil
osopher, "dat some mens consider, it
a high honor ter be de fust mens kilt
in de war. Now, dats all right, ez fur
ez it poes; but it goes too fur. Sup
posin' dat I pruz de fust man kilt in de
war — whar would I be w'en dey wuz
celebratin' me? I tell you, my people,
a live nigger in a June wortennilMon
patch i? one thing, en a d^ad one wid
a pover'men funeral is another. De live
nlgper kin heah de hurrahin', en de
dead one can't. . Dats ail dey is to it!"
The "bottle post" is an old institu
tion on the south coast of Iceland. Let
ters are put Into corked bottles, which
are wafted by the wind to the opposite
coast. They also contain a cigar or
other trifle to induce the finder to de
liver the letter as addressed.
THE CALL CALENDER.
Sn.
Mo
Tv
Moon'^ Ph'
<
IT
IS
6
11
©Fall Moil.
W July 8
aLe.ni v»u.v;«r.
V. JtUr ]!X
\/C\ KtwMooa,
vj.) Jnlr IS.
1J
21
July .«.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the I'nlted States Hydrographlc ;
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of ,
mariners without regard to nationality and (
free of expense. <
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the '
office, wh^re complete sets of charts and sail- '
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference. a:-d the latest ■ 1
Information can always be obtained regarding ]
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters I i
of interest to ocean commerce. I
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry i
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted , <
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at I 1
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re- j .
celvad each day from the I'nlted States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped ! 1
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published , •
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAR. P. WELCH, '
Ensign (retired), V. S. N., in charge.
SUN) MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Thursday, July 14.
Sun rises 4:58
Sun sets 7:^2 I
Moon rises 1:11 a. m.
2:5'
3:3!
4:V
| 4:4!
5:1!
6:4!
6:1!
0.2
-04
—0.4
10:13|
1 11:01
11:40
12:12
12:39
1:14
1:28
Timel Time
Feet. Feet. Feet.
LW H W
3.8 1:49! 3.2 8:12 5.5
4.1 2:42 3.3 8:54 5.6
4.3 3:23! 3.4 9:36 6.6
4.4 4:14: 3.4 10:16 5.5
4.6 4:64 3.2 10:56 6.4
4.6 5:36 3.1 11:35 5.4
4.7 6:19 2.S
-0.
— o.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides I
the early morning tides are given In the left j
hand column and the successive tides of the
doy In the order of oceurrenre as to time. The j
second time column gives th<! second tide of
the lay. the third time column the third tido
and the last or right hand column gives the !
last tide of the day. except when th^re ar.> but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the '
I'n'ted States Coast Survey charts, except j
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given is suMrnct'd from j
the depth given by the chart«. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydragraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer- !
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
13, IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlnc was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Coos Bay Newport !July 14
Chilkat Humboldt jjuly 14 •
Nltißchow iDppnrture Bay jjuly 14
Crescent Clty..|Cresce.nt City July 14
Gaelic [China and Japan 'jul> 13
I>p<-lnnaw .St. Michael IJuly 15
Willamette ISeattte !July 15
Ruth Tlllainook Bay |july 15
Umatllla IVlctorla & Puset Sound July 1«
Columhria 'Portland lJuly 18
Pomona ISan Dlero jjuly 18
Orizaba Humboldt July 17
Brl.«tof Oomox July 17
Mackinaw Tacoma ' July 17
Homer (Newport jjuly IS
P'R-nal jGray'a Haibor July IS
Ptarhurk [Panama July 1!)
State rallfornlalPortland July 20
Santa Rosa (San Diego I July 20
Arcata Coos Baj 'July 20 .
Queen (Victoria & Pu*et Sound' July 21 !
North Fork |Humboldt [July 22 '
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. • Sails. pler -_
Santa Rosa San Diego.... July 14 11 "»|™g \\
Fulton Oregon Ports. July 14. S am £ er et
Sfe SSSfe":: S ! : S | S
Chilkat .... Humboldt.... July 16, 9 am Pier 13
San Jose.... Panama July IS. 12 m P^-SS
Columbia .. Portland July 18. 10 am P^r 13
Pomona .... San Dieiro .. July IS. 11 amPier 11
Orl»ba .... Humboldt .... July 19. 10 am Pier 9
Curacao .... Mexico July 19. 10 am P er v
Homer Newport July 20. 9am Per 11
Umatilla .. Vie & Pet Sd. July 20. 10 ami Pier 0
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING aTBIAIGBSCB.
ARRIVED.
■Wednesday. July 13.
Schr S. Danlelson, Hansen. 20 hours from
Ger schi^Nelson, 44 days from Grays Har-
Zb ? tmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 31 hours from
Crescent City.
CLEARED.
Wednesday,. July 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. TTono
*T->wallan bark "^ma Ala, Smith, Hono
lulu; J. D. Spreckela A Bros. Co. c ..,,„„»
StAir Alameda, Van Oterendorf, Sydney
and Honolulu: J. D. Spreckels & Bros Co- T
Hawaiian bark Santiago, Johnson, Hllo. J.
D. Spreelcels & Bros. Co 1
Bktn lrrngard. Schmidt, Honolulu: Williams,
Dimond & Co. , _, , „
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre Astoria; Gray <*
Mitchell. m . . ,„.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, Astoria,
G«n<lall, Perkins & Co. _ ; ,' '-..
Schr Abble F. Morris, Tuirrell. Mary Island;
Bay State and Alaska Mining Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 12.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. - —
Wednesday. July 13.
Aus stmr Burma, Mlkulicich, Nanaimo.
Stmr Whitesboro,
Stmr Washtenaw, Groscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Sunol, D<?ttmers.
Stmr Scotia, Hansen. Eureka.
Ship St. Nicholas-, Grant, Nanalmo.
"- stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo.
Schr Lettitla. Wilson, Coos Bay.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT liOBOS, 10 p. m.— Weather hazy;
wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
Add Domestic Ports
SPOKEN.
July 9— Lat 14 W. Br ship Anglesey, henca
March 6 for Queenstown. _ ,
July 8— Lat 50 X. long 1« W. Br ship Prim
rose Hill, henry- March 2 for Hull.
MISCELLANEOUS..
FAX.MOUTH— July 13— Br ship Lln
llthgowshire. from Oregon with loss of two
boats, cabin skylight and steering wheel dam
aged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
USAL— Sailed July Stmr Newsboy, for
Hardy Creek. .
ALBION— July Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived July Stmr Alcatraz,
from Port Los Angeles.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed July 13— Stmr Alca
traz. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 13— Stmr Sig
nal, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed July 13— Stmr Chllkat, for
San Francisco.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July Stmr News
boy, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed July 12— Ncr ship
Prince Edward, for Honolulu.
FORriGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 12— stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
PANAMA— Arrived July 3— Stmr San Bias,
hence June IS.
QUEENPTOWN— Arrived July 12— Br ship
Anglesey, hence March C; Br bark Windrush.
from Portland; Ger ship Emllie, from Port
land.
NEWCASTLE NSW— July 12— Br ship
Glfford, for San Francisco.
PANAMA— SaiIed June 24— Stmr Barracouta,
from Acapulcn. June 20 — Stmr Starbuck.
LlZAßD— Passed July 13— Br ship Primrose
Hill, hence March 2. for Hull.
QUEENSTOWN— July 12— Br bark
Errol, from San Diego; Br ship Orealla. h?nce
! Mirch 3.
FALMOUTH— Arrived July 13— ship Roby.
from Oregon; Br ship Pyrenees, hence March
14.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed July 13— Stmr Heslin.
! for Glasgow.
N EW YORK— Sailed July Stmr Majestic,
for Liverpool: Ftmr Kensington, for Antwerp-
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 13— Stmr Cepha
lonta, for Boston.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed July 13— Stmr Cymric,
for New York; stmr Penuland. for Philadel
phia.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed July 13 — Stmr
Trave. for New York.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived July 13 —Stmr
Thlnjrvalla. from New York.""*' ■•"■" "• '
BOULOGNE— Arrived July Stmr Amster
dam, from New York.
OCEAN TKAViX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^fekk Steamers leave Broadway
JRliai^ wharf, San Francisco.
i KS?as2sS^_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i t^*SfrS*S?3Sk Jul >' 5 . 10 - 15 - 20 - ->• 30 - August
j fcs*vi£*i5 vHfa 4 transfer at Seattle.
" f' -*-'5«H J«l For Alaskan ports (from
ILj&-*^rV»**\s Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r****^^^ July 17, August 4, 25, transfer
at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C). Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m.. July 5 10. 15, 20, 25, 30. August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hurnboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
July 1. 7, IS, 1?. 2".. 31, August 6, and every
sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Ohlspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 ft. m., July 4, 8, 12, 16. 20. 24, 2s,
August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. July 2. 6. 10. 14, 18, 22. 26, 30. August 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cnbo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas >(Mex.), 10 a. m.. July 19,
August 14.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Failing.
TICKET OFFICK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
MSPATCR FAST STEAMERS TO
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including BertH
IrtilL S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Jury 2. 10. IS. 26
State of California July 6. 14. 22, 30
St. Paul IK 00 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 17 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 31 M
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Conipagnie Generate TransatlantiflDi.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 North jt.-sa»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <£rffF^
by this hue avoid both transit by »>KhF*sk.
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat.; New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160-
second clstw. Jllfi. *
LA BRETAGNE July 23, 10 a m
LA GASCOGNE July 30 10 a. m
LA EOURGOGNR Aug. 6 10 a. m "
LA NORMANDIE Au . 13 10 »' m
LA CHAMPAGNE.... Aug. 20, 10 a m
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERA LE ' TRANSATL
TIQUE. ARent. AW
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents. 0 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. 6 ul " 7
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURCJ.
F. Bismarck.. . .July 281 F. Bismarck. .Aupust 2*5
A. Victoria... August 11JA. Victoria... ..Sept 8
TWIN-SCREW PASSF.NOER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pret0ria.......... Ju1y ?|Phoenic!a July 20
Patrla .July 16|Pennsylvanla. .. Au «
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway N T
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast
401 California st.. cor. Sansome. San Francisco!
f!aEPjP3!R9|3:§l The S. S. ALAMEDA
3£ 6-li-J^ . a via Honolulu and
'"Auckland for Sydney
% Wednesday. July 13. at
nSffrt^ShlD 1-'1 -' m "to COCLO\R-
i^mrvihM DIE - Australia, and
(Ompflß^Al'E TOWN. 'South
* * Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. '"
Steamer "Montlcello."
Man., Tues , Wed., Thur» and Sat.
9:45 *m . , 1:15 p. m. <S:3O p m ei!'*Tnur«.»
frW&y" .........1 p. m. and B:3o™^
EU T nd "i r ." ..................10:30 a m. and » £ mi
Landlnc and Offices— Mlaiton Dock. PU? lT^
Tclephoa* Bad 2241-ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
IS DODBTFUL
OF ALAMEDA
Bitter Factionalism Has
Aroused the State.
THE WATER FRONT BUGABOO
DAVIS CHARGED WITH BEING
SOMEWHAT DILATORY.
Although of Great Import to Oakland
the Suit has Been Hung Up
for Nearly a
Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
;• S Bi !<,:t;\\.i.y. July 13
Politicians from this county who have
recent!;. I • - the pulse of the i
State regarding the Republican nomina- j
tion for Governor are greatly disappointed
and somewhat disconcerted. They have |
'-rod that In many of th< I
counties the !>itu-r feeling existing i:. A i
tneda is being referred to as a reason why
It would be bad polio;.- and worse politics
to place either of the local men at the j
head of the ticket.
It has always been Alameda's boast
since the McKlnley campaign that her
vote turned the tide in California, and this
very argument is now I • ■ j.unst
this county. At the last State election
Governor Budd only succee iiting
Mr. Estee by a majority i
than half that which McKinley obtained
over \V. J. Bryan. Should this balance of
political parties still exist it will require
the strongest possible Republican vote in
this county to Insure the election of the
Republican Governor. There is no doubt
whatever that it is impossible to har
monize the party oiu r ol :ue existing
candidates.
Unfortunate as it may be, and humiliat
tag as it undoubtedly is, it cannot be de
nied that Alameda County Is known for
the sharp] of its political "knives"
"when factionalism is bitter. This ha- fre
quently been demonstrated. Six years ago :
pave Martin, the Republican candidate
for Sheriff, was the leader of one Repub- <
lican faction, which felt bo bitter toward |
the other faction that he was knifed most !
mercilessly at the polls and a Democrat i
was elected. Four years ago at the last :
county election, Louis Schafer received
the Republican nomination for Sheriff and
was so severely knifed by factional poli
ticians that he was easily beaten by a
Populist. These facts are now being
nurieu at Alamedans who go through the
P^dee reSPeCliVe * UeßSlhs of,
It is freely predicted that if either man
lr receive th nomination the .factional
'?* I Is so . bitter that the nominee
would not be able to carry his own
iXu y £nd as the fate " the State is
hkelj to hinge on Alameda's vote, the ob
isfimpo'nlnc^ inVeSted with the great-
a well-known Oakland politician who
has just returned from a tour embracing
many parts of the State said to-day .hat
the opinion held by politicians outside of '
t'u? v Co .V T n / y iR lar P cI >- shared by many I
within it. "If either Pardee or Davis re- I
ceive the nomination, " he said, "we shall !
witness just Bach another disgraceful
spectacle as we have witnessed at the
last two count - v elections. It is impossible
to believe .that either man will receive
the suport of the opposite faction. And
unless Alameda puts forward a third man
with sufficient influence to harmonize the
two factions, the nomination for Governor
will most certainly go outside of this
county.
The fate of all Alameda County's can
didates, whether State. Congressional or
for county offices, is inseparably connect
ed with the water front or the harbor
or twenty years every commercial body
and every merchant of this city has been
attempting to have the water-front ques
tion settled and the harbor improved.
Everybody knows that the future of Oak
an( depends on the development of the
harbor, yet there has no- been any appa
rent attempt made to fix the responsi
bility for the interminable delays Dr
Pardee attained considerable water-front
notoriety some Iyears1 years ago in conjunction
Wl^\! :>lCk Snell. a railroad Councilman
and his political following has ever since
attempted tO i mak - e consl^^able capital
uuftnMH 1 k°* i, cam Pal»n. although
It left nothing but history. VV R Davis
was tatrusted with the carrying on of the
litigation and for a time pushed matters
with much energy. He and his colleagues
have received the full amount of their
generous contract made with the city and
for nearly a year the water front' hi«
been abandoned to its fate
Mr. a Davis' political opponents declare
that as the Supreme Court's celebrated
decision was rendered on September 13
of last year, and ordered the case re
tried along certain well-defined line's it
is about time something was done in the
matter. At present the case stands con- '
tinued till August. As the result of •■'. I
litigation according to the Supreme :
Court's instructions will be the loss of th*
water front to Oakland, neither Pardee '
nor Davis' followers are anxious to say
anything about it at this time '
County Assessor Dalton made political
capital three years ago by taking the !
property off the assessment roll and now
he is patching his campaign fences by i
putting it back again. The Supervisor
have also intimated that they will do '
some polltlces by exposing Mr. Daltons i
delinquency and ordering him to put it i
on the roll for last year, so that at least i
one of the three years' lost taxes may be !
recovered. Congressman Hilborn has no <
particular love for the water front be
cause it has made him more political
enemies than friends. He was so be-
Bought by Alameda delegations and Oak- :
land merchants to sign various petitions
to the War Department concerning the
tidal canal that in the end it was found
he had signed nearly every petition and :
made enemies on both sides of the estu- i
ary. Although the water front and the
harbor are of the utmost importance in
any consideration of the future of Oak- j
Jand those who are most profuse In their !
professions of loyalty to this city at this
time would most gladly avoid any refer
once to them were they permitted to do
so.
WOMEN HAVE GIVEN '
TONS OF SANDWICHES
,
THE EMERGENCY COMMITTEE
TELL OF THEIR WORK.
For Nine Weeks They Fed an Aver- \
age of Two Hundred and Fifty
Soldiers Per Day. I
OAKLAND, July 13.-Mrs. Isaac Renua
£? r £5 n S th y m ' reency -mmiuoeof
the Red Cross Society, filed a written '
™ e^n nt th lth l l e soclety ths « SSSSJ
*« <■•■■■<■'■ tl:-..., nm1!1 , : .. has -
complished. h, j
, , Q rnment
early . .very
■ .^
iniuJfcquate transportation ractittta t£ 7 i
dlers arrived after an except onaMy hard trio"
In which It had been aim- st imt.os>-ihlP i,, «,«'
ply them with regular arinT*WoM tv S |
many of the regiments remained on th^ Oak
land side all night, crosj-inir the hnv in .hi '
early morning There wu a thr." horn- SiSS 1
before them to reach camp, and the men wouW I
have had neither supper, breakfast nor 7unch
but for the efforts of the emergency , .' s£
Your committee be X to report that the (feeding
of the soldiers was made possible in the follow
ing manner: By donations of money from thl
Red Cross Society, by donations of money from '
Individuals, and by regular contributions of !
food and provisions by our generous ladles' wi '
present the following general statement: '
Cash received In sundry amounts $777 0
Cash paid out In sundry amounts .'.'..'. 772 20
There are some little bills amounting to about
|6S to be settled.
It in an utter Impossibility to reduce to a j
! financial basis the immense quantities of pro
visions placed at our disposal by the great
generosity of, the people of Alameda County.
1 There have been sent to us tons of sandwiches,
tons of fruit and eggs by the hundreds of
dozens, for our good people have In reality fed
! an army.
We realized quite early that we had to deal
with very hungry men, with soldiers, who
had not had fresh meat for days. So our main
Item of expense soon became a" hot stew which
was most keenly enjoyed by the tired, hungry
j men. Five sheep were required each day to
make the stew. The ladies of the emergency
' committee were often on duty from the first
boat In the morning till the last boat at night.
I In the nine weeks which closed last Satur
day, the emergency committee fed each day. on
an average, about 250 soldiers. The work was
done entirely In the true spirit of the Red
Cross— a sincere desire to help the country by
ministering to its soldiers. While this Is true.
It has. at the same lime, been a source of
: great advertisement for the entire State of
California.
The necessity for their work at the ferry
being apparently over, the ladles gave up that
part of it last Saturday evening. Late In the
j afternoon, however, a telegram was received
j by the chairman announcing the arrival of COO
Pennsylvania recruits, who would remain at
the pier all night, and would have neither
supper nor breakfast, unless the emergency
committee could attend to them. Th-; chair
i man pave orders that they were to be fed at
the restaurant at the pier, and when they ar-
J rived at midnight a hot supper was served to
i them.
The work has brought out a rare response
from the entire community— from the little
■• Winn, who brought In the "nickel he
hud saved up for the soldiers." to the $100 d >-
nation of prosperous citizens. Most all of
the success of the work has been due to tic
n ble efforts of the women of our -ounty
They ha\e been faithful and untiring in th.'lr
work on the committees. The women of Oak
land have been nobly generous In hading food
■ te table, thus making it possible for ita
chairman to cordially welcome the hungry,
tired boys in blue.
WHY GEORGE W. BAKER
RESIGNED HIS OFFICE
LOS ANGELES TOO FAR AWAY
FOR HEADQUARTERS.
He Does Not Approve of the Course
Pursued by the Populists in
Nominating a Governor.
OAKLAND. July 13.— George W. Baker,
who resigned as chairman of the State
Silv-r Republican Committee at Sacra
mento yesterday afternoon, returned home
last night, but went back to the scene of
strife at the capital this afternoon.
"My reasons for resigning from the
chairmanship of the Silver Republican
Committee are fully set forth in my letter
to the committee," said Attorney Baker
to-day. "The committee's headquarters
are in Los Angeles, and in order to attend
| to the duties of chairman it requires fre
: quent visits to that city, which my busi
ness engagements will not permit, and
hence, in order to advance the interests
and labors of the committee, I considered
it advisable that a chairman should be
i elected who was on the ground and who
would give the matter his persona] atten
1 tion during the campaign.
"There were some differences of opinion
as to the proper course for the committee
to pursue, but these were mere matters of
detail, and did not enter into consideration
when the resignation was made. The
members of the committee from Los An
geies were in favor of joining the Pop
ulists in the nomination of a Democratic
candidate at Sacramento in advance of his
nomination by his own party, and I do
not consider such a course as conducive
to the best interests of the reform forces.
I am of the opinion that the Populists
should nominate a ticket of their own and
appoint a fusion committee to confer
with the Democrats, and if the latter were
in a mind to join forces with the Populists
and Silver Republicans upon a platform
mutually satisfactory, then I am willing
to submit any candidate whom the joint
committee might agree upon; but 1 do not
b< lieve in anticipating the action of the
Democratic party by naming any candi
date from among their aspirants In ad
vance of his being named by his own
party.
"This view was not shared by the ma
: jority of the Silver Republican Committee, ;
who believed that the naming of a Demo- |
crat by the Populist convention would
operate ;u> a string, incentive for the
Democratic convention to name the same
candidate. However, these are simply dif
ferences of opinion, which always occur
in conventions, and which must always
be settled by mutual concessions, and did
not in any way precipitate my resigna
tion.
"I did not consider then, and do nnt
now, that the Democratic party desired
the Populists to lead off in nominating ;i
candidate for them, and in this view I am
i ted by the artion of their State
Central Committee yesterday after my |
resignation was made and accepted.
"While they expressed, with some dls- ;
sentlents, a willingness to fuse with the
Populists upon certain conditions, they
were unanimous in the opinion that the
; Populists should not be permitted to name
in advance their candidate for Governor
or any other office. This, in my judgment,
is the only sensible view to take of the
matter, and was the only matter upon
which I dissented from the views of the
other members of the Silver Republican
<'i mmittee. I am now and have ever been
and will always remain an uncompromis
ing advocate of the principles of bimetal
lism and in favor of any honorable means
to promote Its success, and to that end
will use my best exertions in support of
men and measures to accomplish that
result."
An Objectionable Ordinance.
«UMEDA. July 13.— The new wagon
ordinance went into effect to-day, and its
enforcement by the police raised a storm
of protests from those affected. I'nder
itn terms express wagons are not allowed
to stand on street corners waiting fur
customers, but must keep on the move.
On the other hand, store dealers' wagons
may stand in front of such establish
ments, and so may the vehicles used by
real estate dealers. This, the expressmen
:...iik. is an unjust discrimination. Con
ntly they have combined, will retain
counsel and will fight the ordinance on
the ground of special legislation.
Red Cross Work.
AL..MEDA. July 13.— Mrs. M. F. Mc-
Gum, treasurer "f the Alameda branch
of the Red Cross Society, has made a re
port of the work done so far by the or
ganization. The total amount of money
collected to date is J1409 17. Of this
$5. r ,K 07 has been expended in various ways
for the benefits of the troops, leaving
tsCl 30 on hand. The expenses cover a
wide rang-, from flannel bandages to meals
and lodgings for members of the local
'•ompany who came from other towns
and had to be provided for.
Mess Tent for Company G.
AUMEDA, July 13.— One of the few
companies at Camp Barrett which has
be< i. without a mess tent up to to-day Is
Company <;. This was remedied to-day,
when a committee of ladies from the Red
< ross went out to camp and presented
th<- boys with a fine tent, capable of
seating* eigtity-l.ve men. After the pres
< minion the men were treated to ice
fTf-am, cnk<? and coffee by a committee of
ladles outside the Ked Cross. At the con
clusion a few speeches -were made, and
the boys gave three cheers for their
friends.
City Trustees and tne Bridge Matter.
• ALAMEDA, July 13.— The City Trustees
will hold a special meeting this evening
for the purpose of discussing the matter
of using the Alice-street bridge while the
Webster-atreet structure is being rebuilt.
The Bentiment here is practically unani
mous In favor of such use, and delegates
will be appointed by the Trustees to confer
with Oakland representative* with the
view of having th* 5 bridge: so used. It Is
estimated that it can be put In shape for
so i-aat It can be used by teams for
several months.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July 13.— A warrant has
been i^suei for the urrost of John Miller,
a dairyman, for battery upon the chil
dren of Antone F*rancls. He is charged
with lashing them with his whip as he
passed them on thc j road.
J. C. Hinich, a braketnan on the broad
gauge road, lost his thumb last night
while coupling cars at the Park-street
station.
The 8:30 a. m. train on the broad gaugn
was delayed this morning by the break
ing of the main pin and the blowing off
of the footboards. The engineer and fire
man narrowly escaped injury from the
nying blocks of wood.
The New Nicaragua Canal, by
Charles R. Flint, the big South
American merchant, in next Sun
day's Call.
TITE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, THTRSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
EQUALIZERS'
FIGHT OPENS
Their First Skirmish Is
on Politics.
ERRORS OF THE ASSESSOR
SUPERVISORS WILL TRY TO
DISCOVER THEfti.
Law Libraries Assessed at Small
Figures Are Interesting Mr.
Church Disclosures Are
Promised.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, July 13.
The Board of Supervisors sitting as a
Board of Equalization took occasion this
morning to correct an Impression created
in an evening paper last night, which was
evidently Intended to bolster up the af
fairs of the County Assessor. W. G.
Hawkett was busy yesterday taking off
descriptions of the water front property
from the assessment roll.
The purpose was to ascertain just how
much property of the water front com
pany has escaped assessment for the -past
three years that is on the roll at this
time. The Call, this morning, stated the
facts in connection with the case, which
are that the Supervisors wish to recover
for the county as much of the lost taxes
as possible.
Supervisor Talcott stated the situation
this morning as follows: "I desire to say
at this time that it was under my per
sonal order, as chairman of this board,
that Mr. Hawkett was taking off the
rolls the description of the water from
rty. When it was announced that
(600,000 worth of property had been put on
the rolls that has been left off for the
previous three years I was anxious to see
where It was located- I believed it was
my duty to do so. If, heretofore, any
property has been left off the assessment,
we are entitled to know it and I think
the county Is entitled to the benefit. That
Is my reason for wanting those descrip
tions. If the board has any objection I
would like to hear it."
Supervisor Roeth said that he was sor
ry the matter had been misrepresented,
as the Supervisors had only acted with
in their rights. He thought it could go
on rf-cord that the action of the Supervis
ors was indorsed by the Board of Equal
ization. Supervisor Church said he had
occasion to look into the assessment
of some of the law libraries of this
city and he had found some strange fig
ures. The library of Messrs. Davis &
Hill is assessed at $300, and he had asked
Mr. Hawkett to look up the assessment
of other law libraries.
These incidents show very plainly that
there is to be a bitter fight over the as
sessment rolls. It is self-evident that the
Assessor in compiling them did not for
get that there is an election this fall and
the Supervisors are evidently aware of
the same fact. As Mr. Talcott, one of
the retiring Supervisors, has made a
splendid record in his district during his
term of office, and as Mr. Church, the
other retiring Supervisor, !s a prominent
political leader in Mr. Pardee's ward, the
situation is decidedly interesting.
—
WILL PURIFY THE
WATERS OF THE LAKE
IMPROVEMENT CLUB FORMED
FOR A DEFINITE PURPOSE.
Lake Merritt to Be Dredged, Dammed
and Kept Thoroughuy Clean.
Influential Officers Are
Elected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 13.
Many of the residents in the vicinity of
Lake Merritt have formed the Lake Mer
rltt Sanitary Improvement Club. The ob
jects to be attained by the club are:
First— To prevent the discharge of sew
age into Lake Merritt and any and all of
its tributaries.
Second — To extend to deep water the
sewer running along the east side of tho
lake.
Third— To improve the entrance to the
main lake sewer and provide it with effi
cient flushing gates.
Fourth— To remove the present sewage
deposits from the lake anil to dredge it
to a depth of not less than four feet be
low mean high tide.
Fifth— To make such alterations and re
pairs of the flood gates now in use on
the Twelfth street dam and provide aa
many gates as may be required to se
cure the filling of the lake within twenty
four hours.
The following officers were elected by
the members: Captain Edwin Goodall,
president; George D. Greenwood, vice
president; Harry F. Gordon, secretary.
Board of directors: Edwin Goodall, A.
Schilling, George D. Greenwood, R. G.
Brown, M. W. Kales, James Moffitt and
ii. F. Gordon.
PUT TJP A FULL TICKET.
Socialist Labor Party Names Its
County Assembly and Con
gressional Choices.
OAKLAND, July 13.— The county, As
sembly and Congressional conventions of
the Socialist Labor party were held last
night in Becker's Hall and the following
tickets placed in the field:
County — Sheriff, Frank Mason; treas
urer, John Schutte; County Clerk, E. J.
Grebs; Recorder, Thomas Merry; Asses
sor, Charles Harder; Tax Collector, F.
M. Lorenz; Public Administrator, Louis
Harrison; Superintendent of Public In
struction, Mrs. J. D. Haasfuther.
Assembly— Forty-sixth District, N. V.
Hanson; Forty-seventh, Louis Graff; For
ty-eighth, John Ogden; Forty-ninth, L.
M. Fosburg: Fiftieth. \V. H. Chapman;
Fifty-first, Michael Lesser.
Senator— Twenty-Bfirth District, J. w.
O'Connor.
Supervisor— Third District— Charles Par
ry.
Congress— Third District, Thomas J.
Burns of Kenicia.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
Judge Greene's Novel Law Point.
OAKLAND July 13.— Judge Greene rais
, ed a novel point of law this afternoon,
when he refused to receive a report from
the grand jury unless all the members
wer e present. Sixteen of the nineteeji :
members appeared In his court and were
prepared to present a report. The court
declaied that it could not deal with a por
tion of the grand iury, especially In ac
cepting a report which might contain an
indictment, and stated thut when the
grand lury was ready In a complete body
It would receive the report. One, of the
grand jurors is away on a business tour
and cannot reach Oakland before August
22, by which time another grand jury
should be at work. It is supposed the re- j
port contains another indictment arising
out of the overcharges of constables.
— » —
Children Help the Red Cross.
BERKELEY, July 13.— This was child
ren's day for the Berkeley branch of the
Red Cross Society. From morning till
evening the hnadquarters in the Hinkle
block were tilled with boys and girls bus
ily occupied In making bandages for the
soldiers. They did not leave their work i
till over 100 bandages were r°ady to go
With the next lot that Is shipped to San
Francisco. Mrs. T. A. Wright acted aa
superintendent for the day.
WOULD FENCE
IN THE HARBOR
Edson Adams Wants a
Bridge Removed.
WOULD PE BUT TEMPORARY
BOARD OF HEALTH DECLARES
A ROAD A NECESSITY.
Without Alice Street Bridge Oakland
and Alameda Could No'; Keep
Up Their Business
Relations. j
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 13.
The fear of Alameda that it will be cut
off from communication with Oakland un
j til the new Webster street bridge • be
i built is being shared by people on this
I side of the estuary. A special meeting
| of the Board of Trade was held this morn
■ ing to consider the matter. A resolution
was adopted urging the Supervisors to ac
! cept the offer of the Southern Pacific
Company to use Alice street bridge as a
j public thoroughfare after the railroad has
transferred its tracks to its new Harrison
street bridge.
Director James P. Taylor stated that if
Alice street bridge be not made available
j for teams it " would be a serious incon
venience for people In both cities to have
to drive around by way of Park street.
All business between Oakland and Ala
meda would be handicapped. And as the
■ work of construction on the new Webster
i street bridge will probably ' occupy six
I months, Mr. Taylor argued that the ques
tion is a very serious one. He believed
the Supervisors should accept the rail
■ road's offer and should put the Alice
| street bridge in condition for use. He
stated that by actual count between 300
and 450 teams crossed Webster street
i bridge daily besides many other vehicles
j and hundreds of pedestrians and cyclists.
Edson Adams objected strongly to being
fenced in. He said the bridge at Alice
street should be removed at once, as it
i would block the harbor and interfere
with shipping. It would add to the long
line of obstructions and spoil 730 feet in
! the middle of the estuary for shipping
i purposes. If the city expended an amount
of money on the improvement of the Alice
i street bridge, the Government would prob
; ably order the structure moved. With the
' removal of the bridge a wharf could "Be
built of which the harbor stands badly in
need. Mr. Adams said if the city was
going to expend money on the construe
: tion of a thoroughfare it should be in a
permanent place. All damage to naviga
: tion Is a hindrance to the development of
j the city. The building of so many bridges j
I in the estuary was practically putting a ]
, fence around shipping interests and the
i tax-payers should put a stop to it.
Unique Red Cross Benefit.
\ OAKjuAND, July 13.— "A In Camp,"
that the Tennessee Regiment is to give
In the Mardonough Theater on Friday
nitrlu for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society, promises to He the most unique
■ entertainment ever given In this city.
Lieutenant A. J. Bright of Company M
will be in charge of the detail. After the
regular drill there will appear the gawky
country man for enlistment. The boys
; will improve this opportunity for making
i fun. lieutenant Law of Company C will
command the i-ouave drill, and Carroll
Smith will crive several whistling selec
! tions. The regimental band will furnish
the music. Breakfast will be served with
the usual rush for position and food
; which results in a call for the hospital
| corps and guard tent.
Narrow Escape of Two Wheelmen.
OAKLAND, July lo.— Mortimer Mc
, Qowan and Gainforil Hughes, who had
been out since laßt Saturday on a wheel
i ing expedition, came home to-day, badly
| used up. They came unexpectedly upon a
j short turn and steep descent in the road.
! They lost control of their wheels. They
! .lushed into a fence, knocking it down,
j and were thrown against some trees,
I where they both lay unconscious for some
j time. They were found by another wheel- ]
! man and taken to Wright's station, where
; they remained all night and took the first
1 train home this morning. Their wheels
were badly wrecked. It is said that eight
wheelmen have been killed or injured on
that hill.
Don't Fail to Register.
OAKLAND, July 13.— A1l voters whose
names are not on the Great Register of :
this county who Intend voting at the
State election this fall must register be
fore August 9. Those who have tuken out
their first papers and are entitled to their
second ones must secure them and regis
ter before that date. Voters who are only
transferring from one precinct to another
have until twenty-seven days before the j
i election to make the necessary change.
The Annual Fire Record.
OAKLAND. July 13.— Chief Ball of the
, Fire Department filed his annual state
ment to-day. It showed that the de
partment responded to 189 alarms during
the year. The loss on buildings is given
at $470,855: Insured for $200,475; loss on
contents. J3C.555: insured for $fi6,SSO; total '■
loss, J54.540 80. The buildings were valued
at $511. 500 and contents at $143,401. The
total amount of Insurance carried was <
$306,095, of which $47,222 was paid.
Trustees in Special Meeting.
BERKELEY. July 13.— The Board of
Trustees will hold a special mertlng to
morrow night for the purpose of consid- '
: erlng the water question. The board will
make its final provisions for the preven
tion of Irrigation. Attorney Hayne will
present an ordinance empowering the
Alameda "Water Company to shut off the
water from all houses where the ordl
' nance respecting Irrigation is disre
garded.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 13.— The North
Berkeley Improvement Club met last
; night, with President Weir in the chair.
The club indorsed the action of the Board
'. of Trustees with regard to the appropri
ation of $2300 for purposes of making tests .
, for the proposed municipal water system. ;
West Berkeley Society.
BERKELEY, July 13.— The West Berke- !
ley Red Cross Society met last night and :
decided to hold an ice cream social on
July .2. The society will mpet hereafter
every Monday at 771 T'niversity avenue.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July 13.— The appraisement
of the estate of the late William Metcalf
was returned to the County Clerk's of
fice this afternoon. The entire estate Ist
valued at $61,881 75. Of this amount only
$5500 is In real estate. The major portion
of the balance is in promissory notes, i
well secured.
The German Savings and Loan Society
of San Francisco Instituted foreclosure j
proceedings this afternoon in the Superior!
Court on a $7500 note given by George G.
Baker and secured by a mortgage on real
estate.
A Pickpocket Held.
Charles Rounds, alias Crawford, a no- I
torious pickpocket, was yesterday held to !
answer before the Superior Court by '
Judge Mogan on a charge of grand lar- ;
ccny in $2000 bonds. He and John Pick
ett, a brother of the famous Annie Pick
ett, extracted a pocket book containing
J2o from Mrs. Davis, wife of one of the
foremen at the Union Iron Works, while
she was getting on a car at Third and
Market streets. Pickett has not yet been
arrested
Faster Car Service.
The car service on the Mission, Folsom
and other lines south of Market will be
improved by increasing the speed to eight
miles an hour. This is the limit allowed
by the city ordinance. A saving of four ;
minutes will be obtained by this change in
the run from the ferries to Twenty-eighth
street.
•• m •
All About Bicycle Riding and
Training, by Champion "Jimmy"
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
FOUR HEATS
AT OAKLAND
First Protracted Race
Had to Date.
TWO CERTAINTIES OVERTURN
MELOAB WINS A GRAND RACE
IN FINE STYLE.
Resort, Our Jack and Old Plunkett
All Prove Good Winners in
Other Bvents — The
Results.
The fifteenth day's races at the Breed
ers' meeting at Oakland yesterday were
in the main exciting and marked by a
four-heat race— the 2:17 trot— opening the
card.
It was a two in three affair, with the
fast mare Silver Ring, uur Jack, Our
Lucky, Mabel McKinney and Little Miss
as starters, Lon declining battle. Our
Lucky came here with stories of a trial
in 2:12, and opened even money favorite
in conjunction with Our Jack. The field
sold at 6 to Lucky 5. The first heat, in
2:l6Vs, looked so easy to the little stallion
it was 1 to 3 on him for the second heat.
Our Jack laid the first heat up, having
made a sprawling break going away.
Little Miss was distanced.
I Our Lucky and Silver Ring fought out
• the second heat, but near the wire Lucky
broke, and running out In the lead fin
ished ahead of Silver Ring. The judges
! properly set him back and gave Wil
; Hams' big mare the heat. Had Hackney
; sat still behind Our Lucky he would cer
! tainiy have won heat and race, but he
j went to the bat when it looked danger
' ous, and this foolishness cost the race.
i Our Jack now came to the front, and as
; Silver King is none too game, won out.
, Our Lucky and Mabel McKinney being
I distanced in the third heat, it was all
, over, for Jack won It in 2:2OVi easily. The
j betting throughout was favorable to those
taking the auctions— iielders against Our
j Lucky.
The special for named pacers went to
the veteran Plunkett in 2:18%. Hijo del
; Diablo, none too game, stopped badly,
and the old brown pacer in Mizner's sta
: ble got the money. He was at even
money. F. W. and Delphi likewise posted
| with HIJo at 4 to 5. The secoring was de
1 cidedly tiresome. The field sold at 5 to
| a like price for the favorite and Andy
I Welch's old motto, "always play the
field in a pacing race," looked to be com
| nion-senso logic once again.
In the green pacing class the talent fell
! heavily again, as Lolita, easily winner
on Monday over Resort, whs unsteady,
and distanced in the opening heat, she
being at even money and having quite a
I play in the auctions at 5 to 6 for the lot.
! Resort won easily in 2:l7Vi. nothing able
to make him stop sufficiently to lose,
although he was backing up decidedly
each trip. Durfee's little mare. Lady
Margaret, was second and Harry Ra
mon third. Owens was asked to let Dick
Havey ride the last heat behind Harry
Ramon, but the suspect was too unsteady
to avail, and so it goes. Undoubtedly he
1 has been monkeyed with heretofore and
' been racing under cover.
"Billy" Johnson won with the big chest
j nut horse Melvar in the fourth race, and
i all were pleased at the result. The sable
| hued gentleman simply toyed with the
I field 'and landed the money in 2:25Vs over
j Winella. Piletta Hunger was 3 5 fa
vorite, the winner's price even money.
Wlnelia's quarter boot broke at the word
and she finished with a knee boot flap
ping.
To-day's events should be the very best
to date, and the free for all trot especial
ly promises excellent sport with the con
testants ail at their best just at present.
It is good betting the Oakland track gets
a new trotting record ere the winner is
decided.
FIRST RACE.
2:17 class, trotting, one mile, heats, 2 in 3:
Our Jack, b. h. by Steinway
i (.James Sullivan) 4 4 11
'■ Silver Ring. b. m. by Sliver Bow
I (P. Williams) 3 1 2 2
I Our Lucky, b. h. by Rajah (R.
Hackney) 1 .2 Dts
, Mabel McKinney. b. m. by Sld
! more tC. Thornquest) 2 3 Dis
Little Miss, b. m. by Sidmore
J. M. Alvlso) Dis
Time: First heat— ;33Vi, 1:07%, l:4oi*. 2:l6Vs-
Second heat— :33, I:WVi, 1:40. 2:lsVi.
Third heat— :33V, 1:08, 1:43, 2:18.
Fourth heat— :33, l:01\. 1:43>4. 2:20Y l .
Betting: Books— First heat, Our Lucky even,
Mabel McKinney and Silver Ring 2 Our Jack
even. Little Miss 4. Second hoat— Silver Ring
2, Our Lucky 1 to 3, Mabel McKinney 2 Our
I Jack even. Third heat— Our Jack 3 to 2, Sll
! ver Ring 1, Our Lucky 1 to 2, Mabel McKin
ney 5 to 2. Fourth heat — Our Jack 2 to 5. Sil
ver Ring even. Auctions — Our Lucky $5, field
$6; after second heat. Our Lucky $10, field $7.
SECOND RACE.
Special for named pacers, one mile dash:
Plunkett, b. g. by Strathearn (D. Mizner).. 1
Hijo del Diablo, b. h. by Diablo (J. M. Nel
son) 2
Delphi, blk. h. by Director (C. Whitehead).. 3
F W also started.
Tlme-:34, 1:08, 1:42, 2:18%.
Betting: Auctions— Field SE. Hijo del Diablo
$5. Books— Plunkett even, HIJo del Diablo 4
to 5, Delphi 3. F W even.
THIRD RACE.
Pacers without records, one mile heats, two
1 in three.
Resort, br. g. by Hawthorn (W. Dnnathan).l 1
Lady Margaret, b. m. by Star Sultan (W.
Durfee) 2 2
Harry Ramon, b. g. b>' Ramon (Owen &
Havey) 4 3
Gaff Topsail (J. L. Smith) 3 dt
L.ilita J. Brooks) dis
Lindo (Hellmati) dis
■ Time— First heat, :Z\V t , 1:06. 1:41^, 2:17; sec
ond heat, :SJH. 1:0", 1:484, 2:17V4-
Betting: Books— First heat, Resort 1, Lady
Margaret 3. Gaff Topsail 5, Harry Ramon 5,
Lindo 6, Lolita even; second heat, Resort even,
Lady Margaret 8 to 5. Harry Ramon 6 to 5,
Gaff Topsail 2. Auctions— Field $«, Lolita $5;
after first heat and change of drivers, field 111,
i Harry Ramon |5.
FOURTH RACE.
Special for named horses, one mile dash.
Molvar, eh. h. by Fordstan (W. Johnson) 1
Winella, b. m. by Altago (H. Hellman) 2
Piletta Munger, eh. m. by Pilot Prince
(Donathan) 3
Campaigner also started.
Time— :3s, 1:11%, 1:48%, 2:25%.
Betting: Auctions— Field $4, Filetta Munger
$5. Books— Melvar even. Winella 2, Piletta
Munger 4 to 5, Campaigner 2.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race, special trotting, one mile dash-
Iran Alto. Silver Queen, Nellie Bly, Don
i Roberto. Harvey B.
1 Second race. 2:30 claps, pacing, one mile dash
— Roderick, Resort, Lady Margaret, Don.
Third race, 2:20 class, pacing, one mile dash—
Dictatus, Fltz Aymon, Charles David, Abdine,
Much Better.
Fourth rac, free-for-all, trotting, nne mile
dash— Toggles. Ethel Down?, Monterey, Zom
bro, Clay S. Aster, Mamie Griffin.
Fifth race, special, pacing, one mile dash —
Captain Hackett, Llndo, Polo, Thomas H.
THE IRISH FAIR.
Names of Those Who Will Direct the
Coming Fete at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
The meeting held at the Occidental Ho
tel last evening for the purpose of ap
! pointing officers and committees to gov
1 crn and direct the coming Irish Fair was
; largely attended by representative Irish
men from the various Hibernian societies
.of this city. The following committee
was appointed to recommend names for
the various offices: A. Sbarboro, John EL
Grady and Robert Ferral. The officers
selected are: President, James R. Kelly;
vice presidents— ±j. A. Denicke, T. J.
Welsh, Tirey L. Ford, H. S. Marten, J. F.
Sullivan, F. Muraskey, Irving M. Scott,
j. P. Dignan, P. Reddy. A. Sbarboro; corre
sponding secretary, E. P. Morgan; re
cording secretary, J. A. Filcher. The
committee on speakers was appointed as
follows: H. L. Stafford, T. C. Siebe. M.
Cooney, Joseph Leggett and E. B. Flan
igan.
Committee on entertainment: Jo
seph A. Stulz, Frank J. Muraskey, C. D.
Taylor, John H. Grady, William Greer
Harrison, Tirey L. Ford and J. H. Cre
gan.
Committee on badges: W. R. Sher
wood. A. S. Sbarboro and L. W. Buckley.
Committee on reception: James D. Phe-
Auction Bales
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
31-33 SUTTER STREET.
Telephone Main 51S1.
RECEIVERS~SALE.
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY July 14 and 15
Commencing each day at 10 o'clock a. m.. we
will sell at the store formerly occupied by the
HOME SUPPL V CO., 217, 219, 221 DRUMM ST.
The entire stock of Groceries, Hardware, Wil-
low and Woodenware, Klondike Outfits, Office
Furniture, ttc.
|t?"For particulars see Chronicle.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers,
31 and 23 Sutter at.
Lan, James H. Barry, "William Greer Har
rison. Nlles Soarls. P. C. McCarthy, Rob
ert Ferral, William R. Sherwood, Louis
Glass, Dr. C. A. Clinton. Frank T. Shea,
P. J. McCormick and Jeremiah Mahoney.
After the appointment of officers the
meeting adjourned for two weeks.
BANNERS FOR THE
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
ANNEXATION FLAG WAS USED
ONCE BEFORE THERE.
Beautiful Gift From the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce to
a Similar Body in
Honolulu.
Within a short time the Hawaiian Is
! lands will be flooded with the Stars and
i Stripes, many people of this city, and,
I In fact, of every city of the Union, wish
ing to have a gift of their own floated
{o the gentle breezes of the Pacific upon
the occasion of the flag-raising attending
the annexation. There is no doubt that
j hundreds of commercial bodies and pri
vate citizens would gladly provide the
emblem of liberty if for a moment they
thought it would be the first to be hoisted
over the islands. The present officials at
the Islands have some little choice in the
matter themselves and In all probability
the first flag that will be unfurled will
' be one that has been over the capital of
I the islands before.
When the revolution that placed Hawaii
' among the republics of the earth took
I place, and the native queen and her fol
lowers were removed as ruling powers,
the marines from the United States
cruiser Boston who went ashore to pro
tect the interests of the Americans car
ried a large flag that was hoisted over
the palace of the deposed queen. In time
that flag came down, but it was not de
stroyed or lost. It was saved for an oc
casion which the then revolutionists had in
! their minds. The occasion has arrived or
! will soon arrive, and the flag will be aeain
I unfurled to the wind at the celebration
| and annexation. The Hawaiians who left
for the islands last evening on the Ala
meua made this announcement to their
friends just before the vessel sailed.
When ex-Minister Thurston and Min
ister Hatch of Hawaii took their de
parture for the islands they carried with
them another banner, a gift from the
local Chamber of Commerce to the Cham
ber of Commerce of Honolulu. Accom
panying it was a letter which explains
the purpose of the gift.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 13, 1898.
The Chamber of Commerce of Honolulu,
Honolulu, Hawaiian Islands— Dear Sirs: It
affords us great pleasure to have the oppor
tunity of presenting to you, in compliance with
a resolution adopted by the Board of Trustees
July 12, the accompanying flag of the United
j States, for the raising of which on the Ha
waiian Islands we have go long and persist
! ently labored.
Consul General Charles T. Wilder kindly for
wards the flag on the steamer Alameda to-day.
We know you will unfold It to the island
i breeze with pride and honor as an emblem of
civilization, humanity and progress, and that
henceforth we will not only work with you for
i the furtherance of our mutual commercial re
i latlons, but will stand together under one flag.
; With assurance of our kindest regards, we are
i yours faithfully,
THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
HUGH CRAIG, President.
E. SCOTT, Secretary.
Reception to Commissioners.
Several days ago the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce sent to Senator
Cullom at Washington, one of the Ha
waiian Commissioners, an invitation to ac
cept the hospitality of the Chamber when
he and his fellow commissioners reached
this city on their way to the islands. It
Is the intention to give the commissioners
a public reception. Yesterday President
Hugh Craig received the annexed answer:
Hon. Hugh Craig. President Chamber of
Commerce, Pan Francisco: Thanks for invita
tion to myself and other members Hawaiian
Commission. Are awaiting: information regard
ing steamer accommodations, San Francisco to
Hawaii. Hope to sail about August 1.
S. M. CULLOM.
Will of Mrs. Stanley.
The will of Mrs. Fannie L. Stanley, who
died at Ukiah on the Bth inst., was filed
for probate yesterday. She left a large
estate, consisting of real estate and min
ing stocks, the exact value of which is at
present unknown. The entire estate is
devised to two sons, Joseph P. and Sam
uel B. Stanley, and a stepdaughter of
the testatrix, Fanny D. Northrup.
Got Off With a Light Fine.
Georgre Ransome, who was chased by a
mob Tuesday nipht for drinking a toast
to Spain in the Cafe Royal, was yester
day fined $5 by Justice of the Peace
Barry, acting- Police Judge, for disturbing
the peace. Ransome said he was in ac
cord with the United States in the pres
ent war and denied making any remark
favorable to Spain.
•m ' -
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J^JaflHfciji 625 KEARNT ST. Established
iSlllffl in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Isrl Lfh tr^ Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BStflßEEjft disease wearing on body and mind and
Kltin Diseases. The doctor cares when
iiiTliiilW> l "i 1 others ' " Try him. Charges low.
rSSS£«3Sii3 ( ure«snarnnir«'d. Call or write.
Dr. J. W. ««IBBOS, Box 1957, San Francisco.
. RAILF.OAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace B!eeptn£ Cart
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars .
Run on me Following Time 7V7 V *■*
P/eava pan Francisco.4:Bo p. m., &M.T.W.T.RU.
JA-rrlve Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 8:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
iarriv* Chicago »:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Berve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
you WILL BE COMPORT A RLB
; , If You Travel on the Santa Pc,
m FMtCISCO TICKET BFFICE — MARKET ST. \
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe— 231 i Street.
San Joae Office— 7 West Santa n]g.rm. at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. ih9i>. trains win run as follows: !
South-bound. j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, ■ ■ Mixed, | Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday • ger.
I Dally. Exc'pted j tlons. , JExc'ptedj Dally.
7:20 a m 9:00 am Stockton 3:46 p m 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
2:46 p m 11:60 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a m 10.15 a m
[ 12:05 pro 7:50 prn Visalla | 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
I Stopping at intermediate points as required.
; Connections— At Stockton with steam of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at II
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and
from Snelllngs, Coulterville, Tosemlte. etc.;
also with stage from Hornltos, Maripoaa, . etc
| at Lankershim with stage to and from Madero. j
■ ■ ■ ■■ • ...■.■'' ■•:.■ : ■ ■ ■ .-:■■--
AUCTION SALE!
TUESDAY JULY 19,1898,
£& At 11 a. m. fey
By Order of THOS. BROWN, Esq.,
At Salesyard, Cor. Market St. & Van Ness Ay., S. F.
30 HEAD— 3O
Of well-bred ROAD and CARRIAGE HORSE 3
SIRED BY
DEXTER PRINCE, JAMES MADISON,
CUPID, NEPHWOOD
And other STANDARD SIRES, and out of
STANDARD and other well-bred mares.
Catalogue now ready. Horses at yard
July 15.
[ETSale Positive and Without Reserve.
_____ i
KILLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
II Montgomery St., S. F., Cal.
RATXBOAD TRAVEL.
Mil K> l-At'iriC C«MIP.INT.
(PAOirlC HYHTRM.)
Trulm l<-i»»«- mill m<- fln# to nrrlf 6 at
WAN flux !\n>
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From July 10, 1898. — akeiti
"»0:OOa Nile*. San Jose mnd Way Stations... *Bi43a
?:UO\ Hi-nicia. Huisuu &nd Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:im»a Marysviiie, Ororllleand Redding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a Elmira, VacaTille and Ramsey...... Bi43f
7:B«»a Martinez, SanKnmou, Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa fl:lsp
8:OOa Atlantic jiii-ri-as, Og<len and Kant.. SUSP
»i4i>a Han .i'lNt. Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MHrysfille,
Chico, Tehama and Ilea 1t1n1T.... 4il»p
)*:3Oa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown 7:15p
•.«i:3«a Milton •7:13p
U:O«a New Orleans Kipress. Merced Fres-
no, Bakernfield, Santa llarlmra,,
l/« Ai>gele«, 'Derninir, El Pa«o,
New Orleans and East .' 0:43
I O:OO a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers 'U:OOp
San Jose, Nlles and Way Stations... }(>:l.%a
2:00p Lirermore, Mendota, Uanford and •■ ■
VUalia 4:13f
....... Livermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations {IO:13a
l:OOi> Martinez, San Unmou, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoca, 111 Wrano and
Santa Itosa »«1»a
4:00p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knl(jiits Landing, Marysville, Oro-
rille and Sacramento 10:43 a
4:30p Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:15p
4:30p .Stockton and Lodl l»illir
4:HOr LaiUrup, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and l.os
Angles 7«4.1a
• 4:30p Marti Merced (Raymond for
Yosemitejand Fresno. 12:1 5p
4i!lOp San tit K,i Route. Atlantic Kipress
for Mojare and Kaat ".. 6:4.1p
6:00 p Knrofeau Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:43 a
•«:OO|- Valleio ! 12:13p
«i«O|. llay«,ir<l«, Nllr«aiiil San .Tone 7:43*
t7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J«:4->p
&:OOp Oregon Kxiirnn, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, ItttMltitf, Tortland, I'uget
t .Smiinl antl I'mt 8:13 a
.SAX LKA.M»Ut» AM) HA A RIM LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 BrlrOKC, in in .try Purk, ( 7:13 a
S:OOa Ki^liliurir, Klmlliir»t. t*!):4.iA
: OOA S *" ".•"H.Mlro.SoplhSan *•"**
,ii:«S: . lywii^ K^tu.iiiio, U;';r P
!12:f10.M f Lorenio, Cherry • ,i:lsp
i»:OOp Hint t*:4»r
3:0»p llniinnti. (3:43p
' 7:UOp I i Runs through to Niles. 7: 15p
) t From Nlles. I .
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (mine).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations . ... }BsOsr
8: 1 3a Newark, Ceu terrille, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations sisor
«2:15p Newark: Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mo:3oa
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood* Way Stations 9:20 a
04:15p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz J1):2»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn SIR raiKCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 - 9:ito 11:00 a.m. 41:93 *2^o t3:00
•1:00 t5;03 'CiOOp.m.
fromOilUHD— Foot or Bro»dw»j.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 •1:00 12:00 *3:00 tl:00 's:oai-.M.
COAST 111 VISION (UroadUaoge). ~~
(Third and Towngend SU) .
•7:O0a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
J7:UOa Sunday Excursion for San Jo*e,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations tS:35p
9iooa San .fc«e, Tr«s PiutM, Santa Cruz,
Pacillc (Srore, Fhko Rubles, San
l.nls Oliispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Vrlncipal Way .Stations 4:lOp
IO:4Oa Bui .lone and Way Stations "8:00 a
lli3Oa San J..se and Way Stations *8:35 a
•a:4si- Shu Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose,
Gilroy, HollUter, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Glare MO:3oa
•»:»<lp Jose and Way Stations *0:OOa
•4ilsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:45a ',
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:35 a
5:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:3«p
8: :« Op Sau Jose an.l Way SUtious 7t3op
f11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7:: tOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, * Saturday* only
/ Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tltarao *•«*»• F<Mt #1 AUritat 3M.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIi.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, U:00 a. m. . 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thun-days— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. : -V.t
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:30. 11:08 a. m. 1:30. 3:10.
6:00, 6:20 p. m
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:*5.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:«.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Far. Francisco and Schuetsen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
! San Francisco. In Effect Sar Francisco.
June 29, 1
"Week I Sun- IS9B. Sur.- I Week
Days. I days. | Pest lnatlon. dayg I Pays.
;:»«;! :,:u0 ani: Novato, 10:40 am; 8:40 am
f,:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pro 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
I Fulton, "
7:30 am j "Windsor. 10:25 am
H<-ald?burg.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
i 3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
i 7:30 ami Tlopland and lO^s am
3:30 pm( 8:00 amf Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am j T 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm[ ] | | 6:23 pm
! 7:3u am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:10 am S:4U am
I and
i 6:10 pm| 6:00 pm Glen Ellen^J 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30~amT8:(J0 ami Sebastopoir 110:40 amilO:26 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| ] 7:35 pm| 6:ffi pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark ffeit
Bprings; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Puncan Springs,
Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at I'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Bprings, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Pay's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Height*.
Hullvllle, Booneviile. Orr's Hot Springs. Mea-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
1 On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlpps. «S0 Market st.. Chronicle hldg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1891*.
WEEK PAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, m 8:90.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00. s:la. •6:00,
> 6:20 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
. Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at U:3i
*■ m " SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. •9:00,
•1000 11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, '1.40, •2:30, M:(Wt
8:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
8:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na,
820 p. m. Saturdays — Caradero and way sta'na,
8:15 P- ra. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
S:00 a. m. Sundays — Caradero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way ■tan*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via .Sau.saiu- Ferry.;
Leave San Francisco, commencing May L
1S98:
Week Pays — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays^* :0 A . 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
July ith, 1898, trains will run on Sunday tlm*
Round trip from Mil! Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Mark*
•treet, San FrancUco.
1112
PEDDLERS
DECLARED
NUISANCES
Dr. de la Matyr Wants
None of Them.
HIS PROTESTS WERE IN VAIN
WM . ROSENBERG. THE MOST
PERSISTENT, ARRESTED.
It Will Result in the Validity of the
"No Peddlers" Sipn Ordinance
Being Tested in the
Courts.
Dr. Ellas B. de la Matyr. 65S Geary
street, who has been a martyr to ped
dlers ringing his door bell at all hours
of the day. has now risen In his might
and right to smite them with the strong
arm of the law.
The doctor has a stern, "No poddlers."
on his front door in a conspicuous place,
and it !.-- Impossible for any one not to
observe it, as the door is only about three
feet from the sidewalk. By the ordi
nance passed by the Board of Supervis
ors in Juiy, is%. it is made a misdemeanor
for a peddler to ring a door bell of a
house whereon such a sign is placed, and
solicit purchases for his wares, the pen
alty being a tine not exceeding $100 or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
ai me time the ordinance was paf^ed
the Peddlers' Association protested vig
orously against it, but it still remains in
force. One- or two arrests were made im
mediately after the passing of the ordi
nance, but only nominal lines were In
flicted.
Dr. de !a Matyr has been remonstrat
ing mildly for months with peddlers
ngaJnst ringing his door bell, and all
Stopped t!if annoyance except William
Rosenberg, a fruit peddler. Rosenberg
continued to ring the uoor bell, till a few
days ago the doctor lost patience with
him and warned turn that if he. did not
desist he would have him arrested. Rosen
berg, according to the doctor, was very
insolent, and retorted that he did not
care a river obstruction for the law, and
•would ring n.e door bell as often as he
pleased.
"Suppose," said Rosenberg, "all the
houses In the city had these si^ns on
them— where W"Uid we be. 1 We have an
association and are able to fight the ordi
nance."
The doctor wrote a letter to Chief Lees
complaining of the nuisance, and the
chief sent it to Captain Wittman, who last
Monday detailed Policeman Attrldge in
clothes to k>--i> .1 look-out for Rosen
berg:.
Yesterday Rosenberg drove his wagon to
th>"> corner of Leavenworth and Geary
Streets and 5-ent a man named Qinnls di
rect to the doctor's door. Qinnls had a
few pears In his hand and when the doc
tor answered the bell he asked him if he
wanted to buy some. The doctor asked
him who had sent him, and (frinnis pointed
To thy wagon at the corner, seated on
■which was Rosenberg. Policeman Attridge
made his appearance and the doctor,
pointing to Rosenberg, informed him he
was the mat he was after.
Attridge plit'vM Rosenberg under arrest
and booked him a' the city prison for
violating the ordinance. He gave $10 ball
and was released. H< declared thai he
■would lay the matter before the Peddlers'
Association at once and get them to light
the validity of thf ordinance. He did not
care for any signs. He had paid his
license and could, in his opinion, ring
any door bell.
Dr. de ia Matyr is determined to push
the case. "This fellow ha-s given me no
end of annoyance," said he, in speaking
of the arrest, "and when .spoken to, waa
very saucy and impudent. I asked him
for his number, thinking that would have
(Tect of keening him away, but it
was ui-eli-pp. The last time I Fpoke to him
it tw k me all my time to control my tem
per. I want to see if tills law Is to be
enforced. The s.^n on my door means
what it says. Why. this morning eleven
peddlers came to the house, and it is my
firm belief that the man arrested sent
them all."
COLUMBIAN MINSTBELS.
A Successful Benefit Performance
Witnessed by a Large Audience.
A large and appreciative audience en- I
Joyed the following excellent programme l
rendered by the Columbian Minstrels at
Native Sons' Hall last evening for the
benefit of Mission Camp No. 204. Wood
men of the World:
Opening chorus, patriotic, "Star Spangled '
Banner," "Yankee Doodle." "Marching Thro"
Georgia," "The Girl I Left Behind Mo,"
"Three Cheers for the Red. Whit- and Blue"; '
"I'm the Porter on the Empire State," J. C.
O'Donnell; "She'll Never Know He Loved
Her," "Rastus," the latest New York suc
cesses, sung by the composer, Louis Weslyn
Jones; "Hesitate Mr. Nigger." Bert P. Van
Cleve; "On the Shores of Havana," F. A.
Griffins; # I Don't Care if You Never Come
Back," U. Flanigan; "Keep a Place in Your
Heart for Me" (Joseph B. Carey), William W. -
Finnic; bass solo. "Bell Buoy." S. J. Daly; !
"Something," W. W. Brackett; "Break the
ICews to Mother," J. C. Flood; th» child won
der, aged three years, Lila Phillips; Bert P.
and Eva Van Cleve in th<ir own creation,
"The Pickaninny Cake Walk": whistling
*010, Mi*3 Cordie Wetjen, the world's best;
the clay modeler, George W. Baltic, something
new and novel. Columbia Quartet. J. C. Florid,
first tenor; F. A. Grlfflng, second tenor; J C.
O Donne!!, first bass; S. J. Daly, second bass,
the banjo trio. Hastings, French and McKan
nay, unequaled in their line; Columbian Zith"i
Club, by kind permission of Columbian Zither
Society; the one man orchestra. Professor Mil
ler, a wonderful combination; "The Man Who '■
Stole My Luncheon," character song by J. C. i
O'Donnei! and B. P. Van Cleve; "Mr. John
eon Turn Me Loose," character song by C. A
Dealey and W. W. Brackett; "All Coons Look
Alike to Me," character song by B. P. Vat.
Cleve, Louis Weslyn Jones and Miss Eva Leslie
Van Cleve; "Hot Time In the Old Town,"
character song by R. Flanigan; "Hear Dem
Bells," B. P. Van Cleve; "My Baby's Come
to Town." W. W. Brackett: "I'm the Warm
est Member in the Land." J. C. O'Donnell, con
cluding with the hit of the season, "The Xlain
bow In the Sky." by little Lila Phllilos. as
sisted by the entire company.
G. L. Dealey was interlocutor. W. "W.
Brackett. B. P. Van Cleve and C. A.
Dealey handled the bones, while J. C.
O'Donnell, C. A. Place and R. Flanigan
played the tambos.
. The entertainment concluded with the
laughable skit entitled "Irish Justice."
Following was the list of characters:
Judge Murphy. B. P. Van Cleve ; Lawyer
Bum. C. A. Place; Flanigan, the Jew Cop.
W. W. Brackett: Lawyer Graft, in a trance,
C. A. Dealey: Calamity Jane, Miss t>a '..esilo
Van Cleve: 2 Beer Johnson. G. L. Dealey
Linger Longer Lv, "H. Flanigan; gathered by
the patrol wagon, the Company.
Damming Seal Creek.
The People of the State of California,
on the relation of F. H. Pa^, filed suit
yesterday against Arthur L. Whitney,
Edward B. Pond and Warren & Mallay,
contractors, to enjoin the defendants from
building a dam across a branch of the
bay In San Mateo County, known as Seal
Creek. It is alleged In the complaint that
the defendants have begun the construc
tion of the dam across the creek, which,
if it is completed, will render it unnavl
gable.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
Young Men's Ca' He Union.
Leo Ar-sembly No. 4, ft ling Men's Cath
olic Union, has elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing yenr: President, W.
C. Blllington; first vice president, Thomas
McGulre; second vice president. James J.
Lynch; recording secretary, J. J. Shea
nan; financial secretary. f>. F. Ahearn:
treasurer. J. J. Mclnernev; marshal, J. E.
O'Conneli; medical examiner. Dr. P. J.
Conran; trustees— P. Brazil, M. J. Hes
eion, John T. Burns. M. O'Connor, D. D.
Leary, P. O'Connor and C. Meagher.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 AllMlon.
NEW FERRY
DEPOT OPENED
At Noon the Building
Was Ready.
PASSENGERS WERE PLEASED
MISS CORINNE COOK IS SEVERE
LY INJURED.
Engaged in Cutting Up Sandwiches
for the Soldier Boys From New
York She Cut the Top of
Her Thumb Off.
The new union ferry depot was formally
opened to tho traveling public yesterday.
The first steamer to enter the slips was
the Hay City from Oakland and Alameda
on the narrow gauge route. Her passen
gers were landed In th* new structure, but
the passengers on the Piedmont, which
arrived three minutes after the Bay City,
were the first to use the grand nave of
the- structure. As soon as the Piedmont
was made fast. Chief Engineer Howard
Holmes of the Harbor Commission low
ered the apron himself and in a few sec
onds the people on the ferry-boat wero
thronging Into the grand nave. Every
body was delighted with the arrange
ments and nothing but words in praise of
the flno structure were heard on all sides.
Among those present at the opening
were Harbor Commissioners Colnon, Har
ney and Herold, General Manager Fill
more of the Southern Pacific and Howard
Holmes, who supervised the construction
of the depot.
Early In the morning the railroad peo
ple began moving. It took until noon to
get all Its papers and effects Into the neTv
offices and the work of selling tickets In
the new depot began at once. A number
of old fences were torn down during the
afternoon and their removal added great
ly to the appearance of the new building.
In thirty days it Is hoped that the entire
structure will have been made ready for
its prospective tenants and the old post
office ajid depot structures removed. Then
the new depot will shine forth in all its
glory.
Miss Corlnne Cook of ISI9 Laguna street
mot with a. painful accident in the n^w
ferry depot yesterday afternoon. Sh<- is a
member of tne Rpd Cross Society and waa
helping t<> cut up sandwiches for the sol
diers who arrived from the East. While
so engaged the knife slipped and cut
about an Inch off the cud of her left
thumb. Ht lady friends removed her to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Deas attended to the wound. Miss Cook
suffered a great deal from the shock and
also while the wound was being dressed,
but she bore It all wonderfully well and
laughed and joked with hor friends while
waiting for a earring" to take h<»r home.
The Rrltlsh ship Linlithgowshire had a
very hard time on her way from Oregon
t<> Europe with a cargo of grain. She
was caught in a storm which carried
away two of her boats, broke In the
cabin skylights and damaged the steer
ing gpar. The Lln'.lthgowshire arrived in
Falmouth on the 13th ult.
John Oppenheim. a well-known clothier,
is back on the water front. Every
Beater and whaler on the coast knows
Oppenheim nnd when those Industries
died away his business went with th*>m
He accordingly sold out and went to
C.rnir.g, where he opened a general mer
chandise store. During the big fire in
that town on the Rth inst. he was burnt
out and nearly lost his life. John is an
old sailor and that fact stood him In
good stead. The hotel In which h« was
living was one of the^ first buildings to
go. When Oppenheim awoke all the reg
ular means of escape were cut off, so he
had to take to the water pipe, which ran
from the roof to the ground, and by tha
means Bayed his life. He then .stood am
watched his st">re. catch fire and go up In
smoke, after which he borrowed a sul
of clothes from a friend and came back
to San Francisco.
As far a. j the accommodations for the
soldiers arc concerned the steamer. City
■>f Pnebla can give all the other trans
ports cards and spad<'« and then beat
them easily. Goodall. Perklr.s & Co, have.
Fpared nothing In order to make her
• quipments perfect and in consequence
she i? a model troopship. She is fitted
throughout with the Turner patent bunks
ar-d all the Quarters are light and airy-
Sixteen additional shower baths, making
forty In all. have been put In, and the
upper deck Is being covered with an awn
ing, so that the soldiers can sleep up
there in the tropics If they want to. Cap
tain Bennett of the PaHn> Coast Stram-
Bhlp Company, who superintended the
fitting out of' the Pnebla, deserves great
credit for the manner in which the work
has been done.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company
has also adopted tho Turner patent bunk.
The Peru h.'is been fitted out with th^m
and they are to be put In the Rio de
Janeiro. Mr. Turner, who invented the
bunk. Is port steward of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company and a California boy.
NEW YORKERS WERE
WELL ENTERTAINED
RED CROSS LADIES PROVIDE
CHEER AT SHORT NOTICE.
The Organization Wins Further
Praise From the Visiting
Soldiers.
Nothing daunts the Red Cross Hospital
ity Committee. At seven o'clock yester- :
day morning it was Informed that the first j
division of the New York Regiment would
arrive within a few minutes, and that the
ladles would be called upon to welcome
and breakfast the regiment for whose en
tertainment the citizens of this city born
in New York, had made such elaborate
preparations, which were completely'dis
arranged by the arrival of the New York
ers a day ahead of time. The ladles com
posing the grand organization have al
ready shown that nothing can daunt
them, and. they immediately went to work.
Assistants were telephoned to, supplies
ordered, sandwiches made, coffee prepar
ed, flowers arranged, tables set and the
1300 hungry men entertained.
In another column is told how the
Gothamites appreciated the reception,
how they cheered their hostesses and how
they marched through the city bedecked
with flowers, and how the populace greet
ed them with enthusiasm. Their recep
tion was similar to that accorded other
regiments and gained renewed praise for
the untiring workers at the ferry landing.
The following ladles- assisted In receiving the
New Yorkers: Mesdames Lowenberjr, Judge
Slack, Robert Mackenzie, »V inflow, George
Buckingham, Wiltshire., Misses McEwen Tll
llnghast. Cicll Burks, Eva Castle. Delia 11 If
| May Reea, Carrlgun, Cnxo L. Cook, Sadler,
E»'her Macomber, May Tickner, E. Eckert.
Lorlng, Gertrude Burnett. O'Callnghan, Cath
erine Hlttell, Steele, Bowman. Danforth, Mar
lan Snook, C. Campbell, Mesdomes Wakefleld
Baker. A. W. Scott, H. C. Campbell, McMullin,
L. H. Long, W. V. Bryan, G. W. Mclver
Gregory, H. J. Campbell. F. A. Wllklns.
Nearly GOO postal cards were distributed to
the new arrivals, and messages were sent to
those dear to them- in the distant East telling
of their cafe arrival and splendid greeting.
Among those who donated lunches to the
society were the following: Orace Church 600:
I Trinity Church, 665; First Congregational
Church, 275; St. Mary the. Virgin, 100; Dlxon
Red Cross Auxiliary, Baker & Hamilton,
Golden Gate Park Commissioners. Miss Rods
Adler. Mrs. Gerstle. Mrs. Preston, - Mrs. Mc-
Farland, Mrs. Prury Malonc of Napa.
The officers and men of Company C of
Fresno, who are now stationed at Benlcla, sent
the Red Cross Society a token of their appre
ciation for kindnesses to their fellow soldiers
in the shape of a large keg of wine to be used
In the hospital department.
Subscriptions were received from the follow
ing auxiliaries: Pasadena. $25; Santa Cruz $32-
P.odie. $40; Gait. $10: Willow Glen. $2 50.
Donations were received by Mrs. McKinstry
from the following places: Benlcla, 1 17 sheets
46 pillow castes; Newcastle. 82 comfort bags: L
E. Ryder. 1 box books; CalistOßa, 1. package
books; Ventura, 7 sacks vegetables; Belvedere,
2", comfort bags, 4 packages cards; Berkeley,
5 sacks books. 200 surgical bandages; Sonoma., 1
box books- Los Angeles has sent a large dona
tion. :
THE SAN' FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
HORSES FIRST
TO THE WIRE
Briar Sweet a Winner
at Brighton.
DOGGETT BEATS BEN RONALD
ST. CALATINE IN FRONT AT
WASHINGTON PARK.
Horton Captures the Silver Bow
Stakes at Butto, Outfooting
the Fleet Montana and
Gualala.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. July 13.— The Brighton
: Beach track was in bad condition to-day
ion account of last night's rain. Results:
First race, mile. selling— Doggett won, Ben
j Ronald second, Atlantus third. Time, 1:43 3-5.
Second race, five furlong-?- Mail Bag won,
: Subject second. Sky Scraper third. Time,
! 1:03V4.
Third race, six furlong?— Briar Sweet won.
; Tabouret second. Calculation third. Time,
1:16.
I Fourth race, mile— Sensational won, Caldron
| second, Noney third. Time, 1:41.
Fifth race, six furlongs, Felling— Hllo won.
Diminutive second, Kirkwood third. Time,
1:17.
i Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— King T
; won. Merlin second. Fin third. Time, l:slVfc<
! ST. LOUIS, July 13.— Track faM. First race,
i reven furlouse. selling— Glynn won. Chl
1 quita second. Black Jack third. Time, 1:31.
i Second race, four furlongs — Paine won,
| Uncle Bill second. Mosswood third. Time, :31.
Third race, mile — Fireside won, Baaqull sec
! ond, Linda third. Time, 1:42^.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— lmp.
Skate won. Colonel Gay second, David third.
Time. 1:49*4.
Fifth race, Fix furlongs- Chemist won,
' Mies Verne second. Aunt Mary third. Tlmr,
1:14*4.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling:— lmp.
! King Gold won, Domsle second, Nora S third.
; Time. 1:29*4
! CHICAGO. July 13.— Washington - Park re
j suits. Weather fair; track fast: First race,
five and a half furlongs— Snirituelle won. San
tello second. Galanthee third. Time. 1:03.
Second race, six furlongs— St. CaJatlne won.
Bangle second. Ben Hadad third. Time, 1:13%;
: Third race, mile and a quarter— Fresco
! won. Forte second. Charlie Christie, third.
j Time. 2:07.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Morte
1 Fonse won, Nathanson second. J H C third.
Time. 1:47.
Fifth race, one mile— Braw Lad won, I'anla
second. Hohenzollern third. Time. 1:39%.
I BUTTE. July U — Weather warm: track fast.
| First race, five and a half furlongs -Hlreo won,
Moscow Boy second, Althea third. Time,
1:12"-;.
Second race, five furlongs Himera won.
Sweet Cakes second, Taghairm third. Time,
1:02%.
Third race, six furlongs— Torpedo won, En
cino second, Majpius third. Time. 1:17*4-
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs— Sliver
Bow stakes, value $I<X*O — Ilorton won. Mon
tana second, Gualala third. Time. :b6V .
Fifth race, six furlongs— Master Marine*
won. Daylight second, Estro third. Time,
1:17*.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards— l, os Prie
, tos won. Miss Remsen second, Tempse third.
! Time, 1:46%.
_ « ,
Trots and Paces.
DETROIT. July 13.— Results at Highland
Park:
2:12 trot — Crescus won. E W I second. Way
land third. IV»t tlm«. 2:l3'i.
2:25 pace — Exploit won. Leah second, Rose
boro third. Best time. 2:13*4.
2:24 trot— Nancy K'.nc won. Clay Fullerton
second. Anglina third. Best time. 2:13*4.
PEORIA. July 13.— 2:20 trot, purse 11000—
Professor Wells won, latan second, McMillan
third. Best time. 2:l7'i.
2:15 pace, purse $1500 — Donnough won. The
Swift second, Patton third. Best time. 2:W4-
Third race. 3-year-olds, pace, purse — Air
ship won, Robert Fltzplmmons second. Tommy
II third. Best time. 2:14H-
Free-for-all pacing— Bumps won. Chehalls
second. Anaconda third. Best time, 2:05.
EX-CHAMPIONS AGAIN
LOSE TO THE REDS
NATIONAL LEAGI'E STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..61 25 .671 New York. .36 34 .514
Boston 45 27 .62." Philadelphia 31 39 .455
Cleveland-. ..44 28 .611 Brooklyn ....28 41 .406
Baltimore ...42 29 .592 ; Washington .2"» 43 .403
Chicago' 44 32 .579 Louisville ...2<! BO .818
. Plttsburg ....89 33 .542 i St. Louis 23 53 .803
BALTIMORE, July 13.— leaders
again outclassed the former champions
and won. Baltimore's errors were respon
sible for at least five of Cincinnati's runs.
: Hill was put out of the game, for kicking.
Hughes was knocked out of the box in the
fifth inning. Attendance, 1592. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
i Baltimore 6 12 4
Cincinnati 11 13 0
Batteries— Hughes. Me.Tames and Robinson;
; Hill, Dammar.n and Peitz Umpires— Snyder
and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. July Cleveland
defeated Philadelphia to-day by hard
hitting. Cy Young kept the Phillies' hFte
well scattered. The stick work of Mc-
Kean was the only feature of the game.
Attendance 2390. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Ovelnnd 8 12 2
: Philadelphia 19 1
! Batteries— Young and O'Connor: Donohue and
McFarland. Umpires— Emslie and Hunt.
WASHINGTON. July 13.— Evans" lack
: of control and his and Wagner's errors
i gave Chicago the game in the third, after
i which Swalm went into the box. Attend
ance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 2 5 3
CTilca.RO 4 4 0
Batteries - Evans. Swalm and McGnlre;
I Thornton and Donohue. Umpires— Swartwood
1 and Wood.
BROOKLYN, N. V., July 13.-Plttsburg
■ Brooklyn game postponed; wet grounds.
BOSTON, July 13.— Louisville-Boston
game postponed; rain.
NEW YORK. July 13.— New York-
St. Louis ball game was postponed on ac
i count of wet grounds.
Chessmasters' Tournament.
VIENNA, July 13.— Play in the Inter
national chessmnsters' tournament was
resumed in this city to-day whon the
thirtieth round was begun. At the first
i adjournment, at 2 o'clock ShowaJter and
i Srhlff'-rs had drawn; Stoinitz had worsted
! Walbrodt; Maroozy and Burn drew; Hal
prln had beaten Trenchnrd. and Llpkeand
Caro had lira w 11. In the afternoon and
evening sitting Blackburnc won from Ja
j nowskl, Schlechter and Tarrasch drew;
! Mnrro lost to Alapin and Pillsbury beat
Tschlgorln.
Trout for Lake Lagunitas.
SAN RAFAEL. July 13.— A. W. Foster,
president of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Coaat Railway, brought 50,000
young trout fry down from the fish
hatchery at Fkiah yesterday with which
the waters of 1-ake Lagunltas will be
stockr-d. Bontinp on the lake will have
to be dlcontir.ued for some time. Tho
sportsmen of the county feel very grate
f.il to Mr. Foster for this evidence of his
kindly feeling toward their pastime.
Corbett-McCoy Match Off.
NEW YORK, July William Gray,
of the Hawthorne Athletic Club, Buffalo,
' did not meet George Considine,' the repre
sentative of Corbett, and sign articles of
agreement on behalf of McCoy this after
noon, and Considine has declared the
match off, and all negotiations looking to
a meeting between the two men are at an
end. ______________^__
The New Nicaragua Canal, by
Charles B. Flint, the big South
American merchant, in next Sun
' day's Call. || : ;v?
■ ♦ »
Gutting Vacant Houses.
Willie Connelly and Willie Dennis, boys
aged respectively 15 and 16 years, were
arrested yesterday morning by Police
Officer E. J. Nolan on Howard street for
entering a vacant house and gutting It of
Its gaa ariM water pipes. TUey were
; charged at the Seventeenth-street station
with burglary. Within the laat few
months a new crop of burglars have made
their appearance In me Mission district,
and have so far evaded the Police De
partment in capturing them. Captain Gillen
has. however, put his best detectives to
work on the gang, and it is only a matter
of time when they will make trie acquaint
ance of the criminal court 3.
All About Bicycle Riding and
Training, by Champion "Jimmy"
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market nr* Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nifcht i n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6*l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; »-.—i until 9:30 o'clock.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mlpsion street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
EtreetK; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. IT~
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J»
EVENING, July 14, at 7:30 ..'.-1.,, «.jf
Third degree. . By order of the Master. 'V^
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v «y >,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY ) JV, Z»O2
EVENING. Fraternity Hall, 32 -t>TLV,£
O'Farrell st., at 8 o'clock. '<S-_s<_»
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company, No. I
321 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal., on TUES- i
DAY. the 19th day of July, 1898, at the hour !
of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a i
Board of Directors to serve tor the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi- :
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the society's office at
the Animals' Home. Sixteenth and Alabama
Ets., on MONDAY, July IS. 1898, at 4 p. m..
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosl?ry,
gloves, corspts, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
shoes, towels, flannels, etc., very .-neap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth St.
THE orphans and half orphans admitted Into
St Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
since January l, 1598. to July 1, IS9B. are as I
follows: Orphans— Jessie Hawkins 7, Mary '
Kelly 7; half Orpnana— Anna Madden 8, Mary ■
I'ratra 7. Anna I'ratra 2. Enestl Pratra 4
(male), Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney S, John
Rooney 6. Anvedeo Vetera C (male), Vlcto-
reen Holland 3, Ellsa Holland 2, Louisa Hol-
land 4, William O'Connor 3, Mary Strong 7 '
admitted December 31, 1897.
BAD tenants ejected for (4; collections made*
city or country. PACIFIC . COLLECTION <
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up; i
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d. !
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post st. ;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15H Turk and HIS Market, rms. 15-16. [
CLARA NORDLINGER, alcohol baths and
mar-ise. 101 Eddy St.. room 12.
DIVIDEND NOTIC— S.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No' 67 (flft>
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on ana
after Wednesday, July 20. 1533. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, July 14 is<>s !
at 3 o'clock p. m. E. 11. SHELDON, . '
Secretary.
DIVIDEND -Notice— The Nevada National Bank !
of San Frar -co— A dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven (7) per. cent per annum has beea i
declared for the half year ending June 30 |
payable on ir,th lnst.
Transfer books will he closed from 10th to i
15th inst., both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
San Francisco. July 6, 1898.
OFFICE of the Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market. McAllister and Jones eta.
—Ban Francisco, June 28, 1898— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de- i
clared at the rate of three and three-llfths i
(3 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for I
the six. months ending June 30, 18?8. free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
IS9S. ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
■ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class m-
lect help. 535 Market Ft.: rhone Clay I*o.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
GERMAN nurse wishes situation; can give
massage: Is a good seamstress; best of refer-
ences. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation; understands j
American and German cooking; 5 years last I
place; city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter Hi.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; understands
all kinds of work. Apply MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
ENGLISH woman, good cook and houseworker,
$12. to $16; references. Apply MRS. NORTON,
313 Suttfcr st. Telephone .Green 721.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
best of references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter Ft.
REFINED German second girl desires situa-
tion; city or country; or as nurse; references.
MISS CULLEN, 320 Suiter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or «s nurse; $10 to $15; references.
MIPS. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH seamstress, $25: cook, German style,
$26;"lroners In laundry, $2 day, and girls for
cooking and houtework in city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Situation by a middle-aged woman;
good cook; will do light housework for mod-
erate wages; city or short distance in coun-
try. 40 Eleventh St., corner Mission.
YOUNG German girl, good cook, wishes situa- i
tion; cooking or general housework; $25; beet j
references; German family preferred. Call or
address 626 Minna St., grocery.
POSITION by a lady with a daughter as
working housekeeper; no objection to children
or country. Address MRS. J. S. DAVIS, Sta-
tion C, San Francisco, Cal.
DRESSMAKER of experience In ladies', chil-
dren's and tailor-made suits will accept en-
gagements In furnllipp or rooms; terms mod-
erate. 1524 Devlsadero st. m
YOUNG Scotch woman, lately In the city,
wishes a situation doing housework, plain
cooking; wages $12 to $15. Address R. C, 74S
Howard st.
CAPABLE American girl would like situation
In American family to assist In light work;
no objection to the country; kind treatment.
Box 36, Call office.
GERMAN woman to do general t housework or
keep houiw; good plain cook, $10 to $12 a
month; city or country- 207 Eddy st., near
Taylor. ' '"f c
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
general houseworkor; city or country; 2 years
best references. Apply 91!» Golden Gate aye.
WOMAN wants work by the day, cleaning or
washing or apFlstlng in housework. 303 Ivy
aye.. 'bet: Hayes and Grove st».. off Franklin.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; good cook. and laundress;
- city or country: moderate wages. 508 Taylor.
RESPECTABLE woman with girl 13 years
wants position as housekeeper, or cook on
milk ranch; city or country- Box 512, Call.
YOUNG lady from the East desires a position;
a 36 cloak model or .is model for merchandise
photographer. . Box 543, Call office.
COMPETENT -woman wishes position to work
In hotel or boarding house; city or country;
| good references. 2759 Mission st.
YOUNG widow Just from the East' wishes po-
sition ac housekeeper; city or country- 223
Post St., room 6. - — •
WOMAN wishes ' work by the day; Is a good
laundress; do all kinds of . housework. Box
- IX, Call office. '
SITUATION wanted by a. competent woman
to do housework; city or country. Call at 759
Mission st. s - ■ ' ■ .-■ -.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as housekeeper
or cook in private family; city or country.
Call 347 Minna at.' ■ . • '
RESPECTABLE working housekeeper: no
trlflera. Call . afternoons at 1883 Market st.
YOUNG German woman would like to do
housework. Call at 2359 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL wants place to do housework; wages $15.
Call at 411 Fourth tit.; no postals.
YOUNG lady desires position' to do general
housework. Address box 536. Call office.
STRONG Swedish girl wants plain washing or
housecleanlng by the day. 1331 Fulton »t.".
SITUATION as. cook; would do general house-
work; city or across the bay. 2124 Howard st.
YOUNG woman. wants. work. as cook or house-
work. Call. 51 Capp St.; no postals.
WANTED— Position by ■ first-class saleslady;
small wages;' beet of references. Address M.
A., Call Branch, 106 Eleventh st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-ConlUned.
BY refined young lady of practical business
education, position as office assistant, book-
keeping, correspondence, typewriting; wages
moderate; experience wanted; city references.
L. D., 413 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT young nurse, experienced in mas-
sage, desires engagement with invalid; nerv-
ousness a specialty and accustomod to trav-
eling. Address A. 8.. 1233 Page St.; city ref-
erences.
WANTED— By a respectable young woman
with a child, a situation as working house-
keeper; object good home; wages no object;
city or country. Address box 63. Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; references; Oakland. Call
1206 I^aguna st. ; no cards.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and cooking. Address 1303 Stock-
ton et.
LADY of ability and education would rake
charge and do morning work in lodging
house for the rent of 3 housekeeping rooms.
Box 254. Call office.
SITUATION wanted round a place by elderly
man to do chores and make himself useful;
understands care of horses, garden and can
milk; reference. J. C, box 76, Call.
WANTED —Situation as gardener, care of
horses, etc., by middle-aged active man; first-
class recommendations; wages moderate.
Gardener, box 156, this office. _
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In small
family by lady with a child; good home more
object than wages; no objection to country-
Address M. A.. Call Branch. 100 Eleventh st.
TOUNO lady desires position to assist book-
keeper; pmall wages; object practical knowl-
edge. Address M. A.. 106 Eleventh St., Call
Branch.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work in bmall family. L. X.. 41!» Stockton st.
GERMAN woman wants laundry work and
housecleaning; $1 10 per day. 350 Fifth St.
WANTED— Position ns Invalid attendant;
would do light housework: references. G. M.,
br:x 2. Call office. Oakland.
1 j WOMAN wants work by the day housecleanlng
| and washing. 1573 Fifteenth st.
COMPETENT, trustworthy person wishes posi-
tion as housekeepxr or any position of trust;
good cook and seamstress. Address L. M.,
box 5. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper for hotel,
rooming house or private family; would ao-
cept a place as governess; best of references.
Box 205, Call office.
CHE-APEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
1 States, postpaid, for $1 50 a rear.
SITUATIONS WANTBD-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. G4O Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell st : tel. East 426.
YOUNG German, 23, who does not drink nor
use tobacco In any form, desires steady po-
i sitlon as janitor, choreman or as general
worker in store: 2 years In charge of a
! school building in the East; best of r*eom-
, mendations. Address CARL MOSS, 661 How-
ard st.
WANTED— Situation as gardener; middle-aged;
I understands management of horses, etc.;
; Bmull wages; first-clasa references. Gardener,
box 15«. Call office.
; SITUATION wanted around a place by middle-
| aged man; goo-1 horst-nian and driver, milker
j and gardener; best city references. J. F., box
| 76, Call office.
POSITION wanted as nurse or valet for pas-
sage paid to England or Scotland; first-class
references. J. W. H., box 48, Call office.
| POSITION wanted by a young man as up-
hnlsterer or i-arpet layer in a hotel or lodg-
ing house. Box 544, Call office.
MASSAGE treatment by experienced masseur;
charges moderate; no cure, no pay. Box 5"42,
("all office.
FIRST-CLASS tinner wishes situation; reason-
able wages. Box 522. Call office.
CITY drummer wants side line. Apply VER-
, MIX, box 546, Call office.
FIRST-CLASP barber wishes steady work; city
i or country Box 171, Call office.
' NOTlCE— Superintendent and manager of
large ranch, at present employed, but desir-
ing a change, is open to engagement; thor-
oughly understands grain, fruit and stock;
t.Hst of California references. Please address
b«-x 59. Call office.
WANTED— Situation of any kind in a whole-
sale house or manufacturing establishment
where there Is a chance for promotion if
found worthy, by a well educated man of 31,
with the best of references and a member of
several secret orders; wages small to begin.
Address box 116, Call office.
' RELIABLE man wUh best of recommendations
would like position In retail or wholesale
house, where there Is a chance for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box SS3,
Call.
YOUNG man, understands care of horses and
rows and general work about a place, de-
sires work: references If required. Address
box 54, Call office.
' MARRIED man with family wishes the entire
charge of ranch: thoroughly competent: wages
rensonable. Address M. C, box 10, Call of-
fice. Oakland.
WANTED— Situation as general man; is good
vegetable gardener; understands horses, cows
; and poultry; wages reaeonablo. Address J.
R. H., box 9. Call office., Oakland.
ETEADY man wants situation to care for
horses, carriage*, lawn, garden; food refer-
ences. Box 73. Call office.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation as
schoolboy; understands Kr.Kllrh very good:
wages no object. S. W., IS Mary St.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cheesie-
maJcer or foreman of dairy a-nd ranch. Box
237. Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
Market: 210 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$8 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus nnd baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID' and wait table, country
h.tel, $20; girls for housework, country.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GERMAN or French governess, $25 < maid, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, Ross Valley, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 816 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $10. fare paid. MISS
fl I.LEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. 2 In family. $12. MISS
I CULLEN. 325 Sutler 9t.
FRENCH maid nnd seamstress. $25. MISS
rULLF.N. .12:. Sutter St.
FIRPT-CLASP laundress for the springs, fare
paid. $25. MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN housekeeper, hotel, $26; chamber-
maid and waitress for Santa Cruz, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.. want to-
day 4 extra waitresses. Pacific Grove, $1 duy
and fr«*e fare both ways; waitress, Fri»sno,
$25, free fare; waitress, I>a Honda, $20; wait-
ress. Woodland, $20; waitress. Napa, $2i);
waitress, Cisco, $20, free fare; resort cook,
$25, fare paid; restaurant cook, Vacaville,
$35, free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
TWENTY-FIVE housegirls, city and country
places; second girl and nursegirls, $12. $15,
$20. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
GERMAN houseglrl. two in family. $20; Ger-
man housekeeper, $15; cook, institution, $20.
MRR. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
I SECOND girl. $20: nurseglrl, $10; young girl to
assist In boarding house, $10 to $12. M.RS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
TWO cooks at $25 each: houseglrl, $25; Ger-
man second rlrl. $15; French seamstress, $25.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, small hotel, $20; 8 waitresses
and chambermaids, hotels, resorts and res-
taurants. $20 and $22 Ml 2 cooks, small board-
i ing houses. $20; and others. J. F. CRuSETT
& CO . Sl6 Sutter st.
WAITRESSES for springs and hotels, $20
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
TAIJ/ORS— Wanted, a coat maker for Palo
Altr.. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO..
; Market and Second rts.
WANTET>— Experienced operators on overalls:
also limited number to learn. 33 and 35 Bat-
tery St., upstairs.
GIRL that understands operating on Singer
machine. Apply Trunk Factory, Se\-enteenth
and Folsom sts.
WtANTED— Attractive young lady as artist's
model, evenings; send description. Box 514,
Call office.
YOUNG lady for general housework and oa.->k-
inir: best of references. Call — address 522
Ivy aye.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. 411V4
Kearny st., second floor.
NEAT young German girl for general house-
work. 1100 A Golden Gate aye.
GERMAN girl for general housework and tend
bakery: reference. 132 Fourth St.
WANTED— First-class laundress on ladies'
work. Address box 334, Vallejo.
OPERATOR used to waiters' coats and Jump-
ers. Apply S to 10, 317 Clementina, upper bell.
GIRL for general housework; wages $10. JfOO
Sixteenth st., corner Guerrero.
NEAT girl; light work; short hours; $11 per
month, board und room. 2R First st.
GIRL to assist at light housework. Apply 430
Eddy st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 813 O'Farrell it.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GIRL for light housework and assist with chil-
dren.' San Mateo. 725 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for housework. 4 in family. $20. plain
cooking; chambermaid. $15. 631 Lark in st.
YOUNG girl or elderly lady for light house-
work; 1 in family; good home; small wages.
150 Cook st.
100 GIRLS to peel . fruit. . Overland Packing
Co., 912 Battery st. ■
WANTED— GirI for general housework. . 1812
Fell st. ' - ■ —
YOUNG girl to do light housework. Apply 821
Harrison St., bet. 9:30 and 11:30.
GIRL from 14 to 16 for light housework. 716
Franklin st.
WANTED— Woman 28 to 35 years old for com-
panion and light duties; good home; small
wages; •>. in family; middle-aged people: coun-
try; Santa Clara County, near San Jose. Box
SSO. San Jose. \
APPRENTICE for hair work wanted at G.
LEDERER'S. 111 Stockton st.^
LEARN dreeema ni and millinery: ,P° B| * Io V
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Po»t
LAWBKNCE Dresscuttins School. 1073 MarkM
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial fre«.
WANTED— GirIs and ladles to learn "Kood'»
mejrlc seal* dress cutting system" complets in
JO days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
" HELP WANTED—
A^SPECIAL NOTICE '• —
MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents on
the Pacific Coast, want to-day ■••••
Free Fare ....Free j
126 railroad teamsters » 75 day;
114 railroad laborers $1 75 da>
Free Fare Free !
426 'more men for Arizona . ....................
10 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs...sl to day
Tools furnished •••
124 woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
For different points In California
13« tlemakers Be. 9c and 15c each
Special order by a telegram
114 laborers for different positions around a
great mining syndicate's plants, mines, etc.;
no experience required; steady job year
...Wages from $2 50 day •
26 farm and orchard hands, $26, $25 and $20
and found ..'-:^^^"":"-"^-V25and'i20
5 milkers »2o and $20
6 choremen; boys for ranches, $20, $lo and $12
and found _•_""
$3 day hay balers $3 day
Laborei to do some blaoksmlthing, etc.;
10 brickyard laborers $175 to $2 day
To the Woods
12 "laborers to build roads in woods. $26 and
* found
To the Hotels
25 cooks, different places, city and country.
$55 $45.- $35, $30 and $25, and $9 week; 9 wait-
ers for different places, $30, 125 and $20 and
found; pantryman, country $25 and found
German saloon porter, ■see bOBS here, $20 and
found •••• •
2 waiters for sawmill camp — $25 and found
Candy maker $10 week
Laundry Help
3 markers and distributors; 5 ironers; 3 wash-
ers: city and country Jobs; German to driv*
bakery wagon $25 and found
Also a
Spool tender and gang edgerman
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
...AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st...
FOR ALASKA RAILROAD.
200 laborers and rockmen $3 per day
Special rates direct to Skaguay
Ship Friday. Get your tickets at
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S, 104 Geary Bt.
...WANTED FOR THE COAST RAILROAD...
Dump foreman...../. Free fare. $3 per day
10 concrete mixers Free fare, $2 per day
10 concrete laborers Free fare. $1 75 per day
FOR THE VALLEY RAILROAD
10 tunnel men Free fare, $2 to $2 60 a day
40 teamsters $20 and found
......FOR THE STOCKTON RAILROAD.....
10 teamsters Free fare. $20 and found
10 wheeler holders Free fare. $1 75 a day
.....FOR THE SOUTHERN RAILROAD.,...
20 4-horse teamsters .Free fare. $1 75 a day
FOR THE VANCOUVER RAILROAD, B. C.
60 Italian laborers Steady work
.; Fare advanced. For particulars call on
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
4 ROUGH carpenters, $30 . and found: rough
carpenter, city. $2 a day; ranch blacksmith,
$40 and found: milker, $25; vegetable gar-
dener. $25 and found; 18 farmers, grain,
fruit and stock farms. $20 and found; gang
edger man. $45 and found; -3 barkers and
buckers, $35 and found; man about place, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 DISHWASHERS, same large country hotel,
$22 50 each and fare paid: call by 8 o'clock
this morning. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
9 COLORED waiters, different resorts, $25 each
and fares paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary- st. .. .... .. ._ ;:*■:
2 WAITERS, for a mining- boarding house, $25
each: waiter. $40; 11 waiters, city and coun- i
try, $25: German boy for a saloon. C. R. j
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BROILER, ISO; lunch nan, $45; lunch man, $30; |
butcher, hotel, $40; potwasher for the spring
$25 and fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1
104 Geary st.
POLISHER, country laundry, $40 and found;
man and wife for. hand laundry work, insti-
tution, $.*.5 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ;
BUTLER, city, $35. C. R. ■ HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for ranch, steady Job,
$40 and board; blacksmith, country shop, no :
objection to married man; $52 per month;
young man living with parents to drive light
wagon In city, $20 per month; assistant bar- !
keeper, young man. no experience- required,
for nloe country hotel. $20 and found, fare j
paid; German or Scandinavian to work about I
nice saloon in city, $25 and board: 2 wood- !
choppers. San Mateo County, cabin on j
ground, tools, etc.. advanced, $1 75 per cord; 1
farmers, milkers and others: French or Ital-
ian meat cook, $50: Scandinavian or German
lunch cook, country, fare advanced. $55;
waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER _ i
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED — 7 carpenters for country, $3 day; 2
farmers and wives. S4O; 2- miners, $40; car-
penter for mine. $40: 2 woodchoppers. $1 25
cord' launilrymen for institution, $25 and $30;
farmers, milkers, laborers, $1 day and board
and $.1 75 day, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. j
WANTED— Man and wife for ' bathhouse for i
springs, $50; fourth cook and broiler, IS week;
second cook for resort, $40; second cook, res- :
taurant, $10; cook for miners, $30; colored
waiter for resort, $25; 2 waiters, neat restau-
rant, $10 week: 3 waiters, country hotel, ;
$22 60 and $25; kitchen men and others. Ap- ;
ply to J. F. CROSETT CO.. 628 Sacramento. j
WANTED— WaIter, first-class hotel, $25; night
waiter, $40; waiter, $20; Italian cook, $60; sec-
ond cook. - ?W; cook, $7 a week; 3 ironers,
country, $30; boys for store, $10 and found; 1
young man to assist, private place, $15; cook,
country. $40; vegetable man, 515; dishwasher,
$20; farmer for north, fare advanced, $25 to
$30, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
3 GRANITE cutters, $3 a day: 3 quarrymen, $2
a day; boss planer man, $2 25 a day; wood- '
chopper, $2 50 a cord; night waiter, $25; j
waiter, boarding house, $20. R. T. WARD &
C0., -60S and 610 Clay st.
2 EXPERIENCED fruit, buyers; bonds re-
qulrod; large ealary and commission. 313 Bush.
SALESMAN - for wholesale liquor house; cur-
tain salesman, understand hanging curtains.
313 Bush st. - ■ .
BOOKKEEPERS, clerks, salesmen, skilled me-
chanlcs get satisfactory positions at 313 Bush.
NIGHT ■ porter. ' country hotel, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Experienced salesman with first-
class- references, residing in Oakland: see
party at 9 a, m., Thursday; strong German' or
American girl for general housework, coun-
try. 872 Broadway, Oakland. .
2 Al SOLICITORS at once; pay $2 per day"
Call 9! a. m. at CAMP MERRITT PTY.
CO.'S, opp. Kansas Regiment on First aye.
MAN with $50 to go to Portland and join ad-
vertiser In light.- profitable business there
Apply FRASER, ROOK Mission st.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the veterinary
profession; wages $20 per month; $50 premium
required. Box 535, Call office. •
ELDERLY, quiet man to milk few cows and do
chores -on > dairy; -steady . employment- good
home. '19 Fourth st.. 10 a. m. -
PARTY . with small capital and experience "in
pork and delicatessen business. 416 Brannan.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted at 811 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted FINK
_ SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st X
WANTED— A good cook; call early. 126 Ninth
strict;
WANTED— Third handshaker. 40 San Pablo
aye.. Oakland.
WANTED— A dishwasher, at 613 Clay st.
SEAMEN and ordinary for deep water and
coast. Shipping Association. 10 Steuart st
upstalre. > .''
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 138\i Eighth st.
B £??£ RB c Ass i,2. reB Em Pl°s'm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec.. 323 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free . employ-
ment. 'Barnard. Sec,', I(V * " th : tel. Jessie 1164.
COAL miners who have worked In pitch vein
fSltr™. 1 '* tl - APPIy to, Tesla Coal Co..
room bl.i, 328 Montgomery st. *
I4Lv?-cI 4 L v?-c a m? ordinary seamen wanted at
LAN „ S. 504 Davis St.. wear Jackson .
W me N n T^P7A l Montana House;: 764V4 Mission.
Sgnt^V^^^r^-w^, 8^^ 50 per -
M^K. ■«£?. Ca ! f ' .order, $2 50: men's
■olln,. 85c; only one pric«.. 859 H,owani Bt.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; ISO large,
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE furnished, fine. large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis at.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 2.'c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, '10c and 15c riight; 75c and $1
week. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter St.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bU3 and baggage to en.l from the ferry.
AGENTS AVANTED.
WANTED— Lady agents; pleasant work; rapid
seller; good Inducements. Apply between 2
and 5 p. m. at room 140 Claus Spreckels
(Call) building.
POSITION wanted as traveling agent: well
known over Nevada, Montana and Utah-
speaks English and German; bond if required
Box 548. Call office.
SOLICITOR for advertising purposes. Call at
1336 Stockton St., between 9 and 11 a. m.
RESPONSIBLE reliable intelligent solicitors
for a well-known line of goods of merit; good
pay for good workers. Call room 313, Em-
porium building.
AGENTS— Lady canvassers wanted: good talk-
ers; big commission. Call bet. 11 and 2 o'clock
at 1223 Geary st.
WANTED — A few canvassers; a good opportu-
nity for right parties. Call at 1103 Howard st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
i WANTED— Room and board by man and wife
in first-class private family or family hotel
(no boarding-house) ; references given and re-
iuire.l. Address room 247. Grand Hotel.
ROOMS WANTED.
EXPERIENCED teacher of voice culture will
exchange lessons for a large sunny room for
studio: Western Addition. Box 235, : Call.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1067 Market st.: teL Jessie 32.
LODGING HOISLS FOR SALE!.
A— lo ROOMS; rent $30: Golden Gate ave.s 300
22 rooms; fine sunny corner 1400
32 rooms; clears $200 months 2500
44 rooms; fine for transients; part cash.. 1600
25 rooms; near Baldwin: cheap 600
26 rooms; transient; best in city 1600
18 rooms: sunny corner; a snap..... 656
11 rooms; Van Ness ays 273
62 rooms; rent (80; come quick 1500
14 rooms; good transient house; O'Farrell 1200
22 rooms; new; near Tlvoll 950
22 rooms; rert $70 850
46 rooms; Market St.; clears $200; cheap.. 1150
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market Ft. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
H. C. DECKER. ~~
1020 MARKET OPPOSITE FIFTH ST.
14 rooms, elegant furniture, cost $2200.*. 51300
40-room house, only $150 cash 450
14 rooms on Powell St.: new 750
42 rooms; elegant corner; clears $400 2500
22 rooms: new and good: $300 cash 800
10 rooms: all rented; business street 300
1 H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— KREDO & CO. 221, Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
110 rms: best $4650113 rms; clears $50...5550
48 rms; Geary.... 2000 11 rms; good 400
25 rms; Post 15501 9 rms; Leavenw'th. 275
20 rms; very best 16001 9 rms; Jcnes 450
14 rms; Eddy 8501 And many others.
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
BEST 12-room transient house exchange for
small flat; cash difference. KREDO & CO.
FURNISHINGS of 15-room house; all full; In
I 400 block; rent low; everything good condi-
tion; a special bargain, $650. THE REV-
! NOLDS CO.. 403-404 Examiner building.
23-ROOM lodging-house; centrally located: half
block from Market ft.; full house; no agents;
g-ood reason for celling. Address A. 8., box
645, Call. office.
CORNER house: fine location; new furniture;
15 rooms: all rented; bargain- owner leaving
town. Address box 555. Call Office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
! AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
' cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
i gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
»ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. . ... . ,_-.-.-.:
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
i grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
1 est. Everything- possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135; Sterling. $175: Vose, »
$200; 47 more; all must go during July and •
August: Investigate before buying. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, Chickering agents, 16-18-20 r
O'Farrell st.
WE invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents. --.-.-
BOHMER * CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 309, 310, 312 Post st.
! FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO., 763 Market st.
j A— s3s; FINK-TONED piano, first-class condl- /
tlon; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles
KOHLER A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place!
MONTGOMERY. 827. cor. Clay— Open until 930
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches-
electrical, civil and mining engineering- sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers: 1100 'grad-
uates placed since 1S82; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o»
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncaid at her
! school of elocution and expression. _Icarai-
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ATRES 1 Business College. 723 Market st -
Individual instruction in shorthand, typinir*
bookkeeplr^:, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $30; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin st. ; co-educatlonal boarding and day
school: complete English. French. German,
and Spanish education, art, $30.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations- a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough.' room 672, Parrott building.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry Ph B Fel
low In Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton '-*
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write forctrcular!
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical min-
lng. mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve •
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. $33 Market'
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution"
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary »t
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month references-
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye!
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flex Ihi a
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years
teeth without plates, crown and bridge* work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $f 50- all
' work painless and warranted. Chicago Dei
mi Parlors. M Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market ■_. nr tttn"
no charge for extracting wh?n plate's are
made: old plates made over like new- tetth
from $3 per set: extracting, 50c; ga^glven
Ipillliiiill
patentee of Improved bridge work™ t '^
«tho« Plate, removed from 6 to 20 oWrreU h
V of t£Tf uf^.n'grisf^FlXi
!_>_s^~ 8 s^- ( ™
I^ 11 ---X^^K:
s Tou'i;Git;i'i a?",-, 1 a -•»■ pHn_ra
LOST. —— _
i_§i_i§_iiilg, 1
wmMmmBUSINESS CHANCES.
. $225— CORNER cigar store in good business lo- i
cation on Kearny st. , good chance for buyer;
must be sold. M. LESS*, 765 Market St., op-
posite Phelan building.
$550 — MILLINERY store in good country town;
has new stock and good fixtures; living rocms
in rear. M. LESS, 765 Market St., rooms 3-4.
$4»— BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
south of Market St.; 4 living rooms; no op- ;
position; present owner there six years; do- i
ing well; must be sold at once; party going
Has;, great bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
♦SCO — DAY saloon: near large business houses;
doing good business; flue fixtures; best bar-
gain In the city. M. LESS, 765 Market st
$900— CORNER grocery and bar; stock at in-
volce. McLAUGHLIN £ CO., 23 Kearny st
$175— BRANCH bakery, restaurant; bargain this i
day. LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$3000— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth the price a*ke<l: selling
on account of departure. MCLAUGHLIN A
CO.. 21 .Kearny st.
$750-SALOON north of Market St.. adjoining 2
theaters; worth double this amount: must be
sold on account of the serious illness pro-
prietor. Mclaughlin & co.. 23 Kearny .st.
$460— RESTAURANT; cost $7iO: must sell on ,
account :of immediate departure Me- •
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny at.
$300— PARTNER wanted In laundry; paying
business. MoLAI'GHLIN. 23 Kearny -■
— CANDY store and factory; bargain, on
account of immediate departure. McLALOH-
L!N .-. CO., 23 Kearny st.
CORNER grocery and bar In the very
choicest business location; connected with 5
living rooms and a ins a rushing cash busi- •
.■v::«is causo
for it: investigate and make your otter. Call
WILKE. 545 Market st
$600— RESTAURANT and house; doing a •
first- | paying business; close to Market
and East iv.; low rein; Investigate; owner
muet leave at u_ce and no reasonable offer
refused. Call en .':. O. WILKE, .43 Market. !
A— $1000; SALOON in the very best location,
Western Addition, doing a tlrst-cl_ss paying I
business; owner engaged in ether business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE, ,
545 Market si :
A— s4oo; PARTNER in fust-class paying busi-
ness, on Kearoy St.. neur Market clearing
easily 5250 per month; no opposition; a rare !
chance. For particulars. WILKE. Mo Market
$2: no— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest :
down-town location, with building; long lease;
doing a first-class paying business; other en- .
gagements compel owner to sacrifice. Parti- :
culars WILKS. 545 Market st.
J6O0 — CORNER saloon In wholesale district; es- ;
tablished many years and doing a good pay-
ing buftness; owner must leave for the coun- ■
try at once. Call WILKE, :>45 Market st. !
tIiOO— CIGAR si re and etationery. on Market •
St., near ferries; first-cla^s paying: low rent; i
a genuine bargain: investigate at once; a
rare chance. WILKE, Sl5 Market st.
$1100— LAUNDRY; all Implements; best town
on coast; $6uo monthly. KKEDO & CO., 22h ■
Goary ft.
$700: GROCERY and bar; new, clean stork;
big bar trade; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22V_
Geary st
$I ( X<> — Manufacturing extracts, perfumes and
toilet goods: established 4 years; a?er.:s now
appointed over entire coast. KREDO & CO. :
|S0O — BAKERY, SO miles from S. F., 2tx)o popu-
lation; prosperous business. KREDO & CO. :
$300 — CANDY an . ice cream r_rlors; living
rooms: $> daily. KKEDO v CO.. 224 Geary.
TO sell yiui business promptly for cash give !
us a caii: we have buyers for country prop- '
erty: citrus lani a specialty. RAND & CO., :
Sl7 Mai ket Ft.
$123 — Nl'.'E corner grocery and bar, with 4
sunny living rooms; rent $15; good business.
RAND _. CO., Sl7 Market st.
$275— CIGAR, stationery and notion tore, with
furnituie of living rooms; near Market st. ;
good trade. RAND & CO., 17 Market st
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; indoor
work: no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; i. to $20 a week .
each can be made, i* Geary St., room 2.
$675 — BRANCH bakery, notions, cigars, sta-
tionery, laundry and general merchandise
store; fine rooms and sunny yard; good loca-
tion: value in stock. Box 16, Call branch ,
office, 106 Eleventh st.
BAKERY; good corner north of Market st. : i
best and cheapest place in city for good
baker; low rent; no wagon; all Etore trade.
Address box 35, Call office.
$150— CIGAR etore: Market st, below Seventh;
full value in stock; present profits $60 per
month; owner going Eii_t. Box ISo, Call.
— GROCERY and saloon for sale; no oppo- ;
t>i:in_: tine location. -Apply Call ■ office
branch/ 90l Ha'.ght St. 1 -
STATIONERY, cigars and notions for sale at j
invoice, investigate. 2-SjT California st.
6ALOON for sale. 233 Tulrd st. ' 3
WANTED— An energetic partner with f" •-■ to
open up a renovating business: a new process
now In operation in the East; good money .
in It: one familiar with carpets, rugs and ]
upholstered furniture preferred; references
given and required. Address box 62. Call.
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; promi-
nently located comer 2 principal streets; no
opposition: clearing 1200 a month; sacrificed
for $650; reason for selling, owner compelled j
to go to Europe immediately: trial given. H. !
J., box 10, Call Office. Oakland.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-ueed shop In center of town St Helena; i
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
WANTED — for well-established under-
taking buciness; flrst-class business opportu-
nity for Protestant gent; experience not nec-
essary. Box "-, Call office. •
$100— CANDY and cigar store; 1 living rooms:
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 628
Third st. I
BAN RAFAEL; paying all year round; hotel |
and saloon for rent to responsible party;
choice location. GEO. D. SHEARER, Ban
Rafael.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Cali- I
fornia, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker. Address BENT, 40 California st '
$2600— AN old established business doing busi-
ness in 4 large cities; clears about $200 per
month: thorough investigation. Box 64, Call.
HALF or whole interest In good paying butcher
Fhop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. D., box 3, Call office, Oakland.
OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher shop; Al
business; must be sold this week; investigate
at once. Box 67, Call office.
ONE-HALF Interest in a well established !
and good paying manufacturing business. In-
quire 1733 Mission 6t.
PAYING bakery and confectionery store; good .
trade; fine location. Twenty-second and i
Bnish sts., Oakland. !
WANTED— buy. a lodging-house: state !
price and particulars. D. MULLEN, 650 Sac-
ramento st
j4«__SALOON established for many years: 5
living rooms for man and wife. Apply Call. .
RESTAURANT; central; pood business: Bell-
ing on account of sickness. Apply at Call.
AN old established plumbing and Jobbing shop
for sale cheap. 2525 California at. j
FOR SALE— old-established groceries and
bars: price $1250. Box 201, Call office. j
CORNER saloon for sale for cash. 1121 Har-
rison st, corner Langton.
FOR SALE— grocery and bar; $200. 3413
Mission st.
GOOD saloon for sale, with 8 living
rooms; rent $18. Inquire Call office.
$250— SALOON: day business. 506 Clay st
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose. For par-
- ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. : .
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
_— HORSES.
WANTED— A good buggy horse for city; state
price. Box 66. Call office.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all ■
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia Et.
40 HORSES for sal": also wagons, buggies. ;
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 Sixth: auction pales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
. ■ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FiNE~laundry, baker's and' milk wagons cheap :
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie- •
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. •
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections, .
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L B. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- ■
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister st.: room 64.
" TYPEWRITERS. ~~~ " ;
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly j .
used for sale cheap; send for sample* and |
• prices- ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond. $35; callgraph, $25; Bllck, j :
$22 60; get samples. SCOTT. 533 Montgomery. 1
HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st
ELLIS. 1472, nr. Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement. D_BT_a
FOR Rent— Very cheap to right parties; owners
going away; modern 9-room house, with base-
' ment and lovely garden. Key at 680 Hayes st.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. nr. Webster— r. and
b. ; modern Improvements; $50.
HOUSE of 4 sunny rooms. 31 Lafayette St., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth.-
NEW 6 and S room houses with bath; parlors
decorated; basement; large yard; marine
view; $27 50 and $30. Leavenworth St., near
Lombard.
NICE dwelling. 441 Fifth st., 7 rooms; large
tunny yard; rents reduced.
OAK. 421— Stylish Eostlake' residences; 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements; $35.
TO LET— House on Jackson St. hill; seven
rooms and bath; nice yard, garden and fine
view; runt $30 for a good tenant. Apply 1210
Jackson st. y '
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
1 |
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished; in good neighborhood; walking
distance $50
A house of B. rooms and bath; newly fur-
nished; neat as bandbox; walking dis-
tance; a bargain 40
THE REYNOLDS CO..
403-404 Examiner building.
PARTY having nicely furnished house will
rent for term of months very reasonable to
small family of adults; references. Address
E. Q , Call office, 2526 Mission st.
TAYLOR. SlO — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m.
— — — — — — —^—^ — —^ ;
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; large basement;
rent reasonable. 120 Flllmore st.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 5 rooms, bath; |
large basement and yard; cheap. 1576 Fif- !
teenth St.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Nice' flat ~of~3
rooms, $7. $5.
BUSH, 1213—2 flats. 3 rooms, bath; rent $12 and
$13. Apply 12118 Bush St.
FLATS 6 and 3 rooms, bath. Shipley, near
Sixth St.; rent reasonable.
FULTON. US— Middle sunny flat, 7 rooms and ,
bath: near City Hall; $2S. j
FOLSOM. 930, bet. sth and 6th— r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
GEARY, 1917 — 4 nice moms: bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
HOWARD. 852— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $25. I
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. |
LANGTON, 33— $15; sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
118 Perry St.: $10: flat. 5 rooms.
116H Perry st. ; $10; flat. 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 63S Market.
McA LLISTER, 1723, nr. Broderick— Sr. and b. ;
rent (25. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery Bt.
SEVENTEENTH. 3997, corner Market— Modern
bay-window sunny 7-room flat; cheap.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath. 2712 Bush st.
SUTTER, 16138, nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
VALENCIA, 469. nr. 16th— « r. and b.; rent $13.
ASHTON _: GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gam cry st.
WANTED— IIO tenants for flats and cottages,
$6 to $12, at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Mar-
ket st.
$14 50; flat of & sunny roms, between Octavla j
and Gough. 127 Page st.
$11— FLAT. 5 rooms and bath. 124 Wildey ?t.; ;
key at 2325 Pine st., bet. Flllmore and Steiner.
$20— NEW choice sunny flat: all latest improve-
ments. 17CS H'de St., near Broadway.
$1"- NEW modern sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath.
26fiS Twenty-second Ft., near Bryant.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 50; day. 25 to 6oc. i
BRANNAN, 7;.".. above Sixth— front bed-
•room ami kitchen, furnished, 18.
BRYANT, 1101. corner of Ninth— Three front j
rooms, completely furnished for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
BUSH, 123*. near Larkin— 3 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny side.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Bay-windows;
kitchens; others; single, en suite; $8 to $9.
FIFTH. 353— Clean sunny furnished housekeep-
ing double parlors; kitchen; bath: elngie, *:>.
FOLSOM. &10— Sunny front room with kitchen, !
complete for housekeeping; no children; nice
and quiet.
FRANKLIN. 203— Sunny front suite, bath;
a.rate kitchen; corner.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 527—2 sunny rooms for
---■• : ing.
GOLDEN GATE, Sll— 3 sunny front bay-win-
dow rooms unfurnished; running water, gas,
bath.
GOLDEN GATE. Sunny furnished front
rooms complete for housekeeping; private.
GUERRERO. 215—3 or 4 beautifully furnished
sunny rooms complete for housekeeping; ex- j
elusive use of kitchen: 3. $20; 4, $25. i
HOWARD, E2s— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 935V4, New Philadelphia—
rooms; also housekeeping; gas, water, bath.
HOWARD, 1655— 57; 3 rooms; good location;
large back yard; sunny.
LAGUNA. l.'2i— 3 sunny unfurnished or fur- '
nished rooms for light housekeeping; reas. I
IN WORTH, 225— large unfurnished
bay window room; adultn; $10.
McALLISTER, 643 — Handsomely furnished
rooms to let; also unfurnished room for use
of housekeeping; rent reasonable.
Mi AI. LISTER, 447, corner Van Nes3 aye. —
Nicely furnished sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MINNA. 454—3 back rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; lower floor; separate en-
trance.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing: large yard.
MISSION, 562— Large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; $1 50 week.
MISSION, 1210 — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
NATOMA. 605 — 2 furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; reasonable.
NINTH, 135— Four or five neatly furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping: gun all day;
rent reasonable to family of adults.
OAK, Furnished front room; housekeep-
ing; $5; see this.
PAGE, 1134—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping, $9 to $12.
POLK, t.22— Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; cheap to right party.
POLK, 611—1 or 2 nice large rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; also nice
single room.
POWELL, 944 — 3 housekeeping rooms; also sin-
gle room; $15 and $6.
POWELL, 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gas; bath: yard; $10.
SEVENTH. — Nice Bunny housekeeping rooms
at low rates. . . -:'
SEVENTH, 178— Large front suite, first floor;
housekeeping; large yard.
SHIPLEY, Four housekeeping rooms; $6:
no children, dogs, cats; water and scav. free.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay-window suite with
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping, $14.
STEVENSON, 521%— sunny rooms; rent cheap.
THIRD, 409— Elegant suite of sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; private flat; $12.
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny single
and double rooms, with kitchen, complete
for housekeeping; rent reaßonab'e.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
oor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; tel. Main 4).
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything flrst-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde. Sutter 715-717-719, S29H and Mason
—Choice, sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 60 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, 1 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished , or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 120 A— Nicely furnished rooms to let,
$1 M per week up.
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY, — Unfurnished sunny room; laundry;
yard; no children.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand First-class 'sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $3 week.
FOLSOM, <: 2). near Fourth— week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny suites, double,
, single; hot water, baths, gas; light house-
keeping.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, E2l Howard— Per night.. 25c to
$1: week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water;
grate; private family; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 917 A —Large sunny room for
1 or 2 persons; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. "SI Mission— family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HYDE. r. 5 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect: terms reasnble.
LARKIN. 327, cor. Golden Gate— Nice sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN. 1200, opposite Lurline Baths— Sunny
front room for 2, $9; also single roome, $4
and up, by day, week or month.
LASKIE. 9H. off Mission, bet. Eighth and
Ninth— Good clean furnished room; $3 50 per
month.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— clean single
and double rooms; $1 a week and up; quiet
and respectable.
NINTH, Front room, small kitchen, 53, or
single, $6 ud.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, wsek or month.
POLK, 709 2 large sunny front rooms, newly
furnished; running water; private family;
references.
POLK, E22 — Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite; also single room: nice and quiet.
POST, 910— Sunny front room, $8; also double
parlors; gentlemen; private flat.
POWELL, 415^—2 unfurnished rooms in rear.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 1«-1S Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric!
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SUTTER, 1003^ — Pleasant sunny suite, newly
furnished; also single room; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room
for gentleman.
TURK, Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, $6 month up; bath, gas; private.
TURK. 127— Nicely furnished rooms from $3
and up per month; also housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS, SOS— 2 large, bright, sunny parlor
suits: handsomely furnished; suitable for
physician or dentist: modern; fine location.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
BUSH, 823— Handsomely furnished front bay-
window room; sunny: all the latest Improve-
ments; connecting bath; running water; first-
class board: home cooking; down town.
HYDE. 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms, with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet;
homelike : reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas. telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
FOLSOM, Ell— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SOUTH PARK. 150— Good table board. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking: terms mod.
THE ORIEL elegantly furnished, sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, SOS Large sunny front room*.
nicely furnished; excellent board; terms mod-
erate. I '• : - '• i
CHILDREN BOARDED.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 day st.
WANTED — Child to board: good home; best
care; $10. 1034 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORES TO LET.
A— WELL- basement to let; suit-
able for most any kind of business. Apply
DAVID STERN & SONS, 636 Market St.
CITY Hall Square, Large light store, $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FOR rent In good country town, 2 small stores
finely located: cheap. Information at 636
Market st. FEDERSPIEL.
TURK, 422. near Larkin— Store, $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
MARKET, 1704— Part of hair-dressing store;
reasonable: opposite Tenth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
3 FINE rooms on Market st. ; make elegant
offices; all for $35. THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403-404 Examiner building.
EMMA SPRBCKELB building, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
FRONT window space to let; suitable for Jew-
eler, optician, etc. Apply DAVID STERN &
SONS. 636 Market Bt. ;
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building-
Elegant offices for rent.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GAS , fixtures very low: large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 023 Golden Gate aye.
FOR Sale— COO shares (or less) California Auto-
matic Telephone Company; make offer. Ad-
dress box 133, Call office.
150 SHARES Sutro Railroad stock, or exchange
for real estate. G. WOOD, Berkeley.
40,000 ROLLS of wall paper, latest designs, 3o
and 5c roll. 368 Ninth St., Oakland.
FOR sale— thoroughbred Holsteln cow. Ap-
ply at 917 Elizabeth St.
FRESH Al Jersey cow; choice animal tor fam-
ily use; price reasonable. 3150 Twenty-fourth.
SECOND-HAND machinery for sale— 20-horsa
power stationary tubular boiler, 2 vertical en-
gines and other machinery for sale cheap for
cash at the works of the KROGH MANU-
' FACTURING CO.. Gl Beale Bt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
-office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond ■ hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st.
FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
$137 FISHER upright piano; good condition;
$10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission St.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 614-516-618 Mission st.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; records, $5 per dozen:
projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
• 'building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
LNTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and gold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh.
" CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
33 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
j McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning- Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. . GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at So.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until' 9:3o
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. • ,;wr. .;,/-''. |
.. _
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS to light the streets and outlying
districts with gas and electricity. ... Clerk's
office. Board of Supervisors, San Francisco,"
July 12, 1898. ' In accordance with Resolution
•No. 1367 (Fourth Series) of the Board of Su-
pervisors, sealed proposals will be received
In open session of the Board on Monday after-
noon, July 18, IS9S, to light with gas and
electricity the public streets and outlying
portions of the city and county In districts
or the entire city and county for a period
of two (2) years, from August 1, IS9B, as
provided and hereinafter described.
The gas lamps to be erected and maintained
not to exceed 4SOO and the electric lights not
to exceed 1000, for which and for the conse-
quent expense provision will be made therefor
In the amount to be levied in the street light
fund.
The electric arc lights of 2000 candle power
to be placed and maintained on Market street
from the ferries to Valencia street, will ag-
gregate fifty (50) in number, and 22 on Van
Ness avenue, from Market street to Broad-
way, to be located alternately on each side
of said street and avenue, on ornamental
iron poles not exceeding 25 feet in height, the
exact location of said electric lights to bt
reported to the board and the same approved
prior to their erection.
The electric lights to be placed and main-
tained on Golden Gate avenue, from Market
to Devisadero street: Folsom street, from
Third to Twenty-sixth street: Kearny and
Montgomery streets, from Market to Broad-
way; Grant avenue, from Market to Bush,
t and Dupont, from Broadway to Greenwich
| street; Stockton street from Market to Sinter
! street, and from Pacific to Union street;
Montgomery avenue, from Pacific to Chest-
i nut street; Third and Fourth streets from
I . Market to Townsend; Fifth street from Mar-
ket to Bryant street, and on Sixth street,
j from Market to Brannan street, are to be arc
lights of 2000 candle power each, to be sus-
pended from span wires over the center of
each crossing and wherever poles are re-
quired the location must first be reported and
approved by this board prior to their erection.
The arc electric lights now erected on loca-
tions in the outlying districts on masts or
poles forty feet in height of 3000 candle power
each, numbering 635. to be maintained or
erected in the same locations unless changes
or" location are ordered by this board, are to
be considered a portion of the 1000 electric
lights herein provided for.
The districts within which tHe streets are
to be lighted with gas and electricity are
hereby described, as follows:
District No. I— Beginning at the intersec-
tion of Market and East streets, along and
Including Market to Ridley; along and Includ-
ing Ridley to Mission; along and Including
Thirteenth to Division; along and Including
Division to Channel; along and Including
Channel to the bay; along the bay line to
th.- point of beginning at East and Market.
District No. 2— Beginning at the intersection
of Market and East streets, along but not
including Market to Ridley; along and in-
cluding Ridley westerly to Devisadero; along
and including Devisadero to the bay; along
the bay line to the point of beginning at
East and Market.
District No. 3— Beginning at the northerl>
termination of Devisadero, along but not in-
cluding Devisadero to Ridley; along and in-
cluding Ridley to Buena Vista avenue; along
and including Buena Vista avenue south of
Buena Vista Park to Frederick street; along
and Including Frederick to Stanyan; along
and including Stanyan to Fulton; along and
Including Fulton to the ocean; along the
ocean and bay line to the point of begin-
ning.
District No. 4— Beginning at the easterly
termination of Channel street, along but not
Including Channel to Division; along but not
Including Division to Thirteenth; along but
not Including Thirteenth to Ridley; along but
not Including Ridley to Baena Vista avenue;
along but not including Buena Vista avenue
to Frederick; along but not including Fred-
erick to H street; along and Including H
i street to the ocean; along the ocean line to
! the San Mat County line; along the San
M teo County line to the bay; along the bay
line to point of beginning.
Specifications: Gas— The gas to be furnish-
ed to be of a standard quality and illumin-
ating power of not less than seventeen can-
dles, said Illuminating' power to be deter-
mined by tests made by the gas inspector .
in his office, who will use for said tests such
burners as will obtain from the gas the
greatest amount of light, and practicable for
use by the consumer, and consuming at the
rate of five cubic feet of gas per hour.
Lamp posts and lamps — The tamp posts to
be used to be of the same material and not to
be less in height than the lamp posts now in
use, and to be erected and lighted at such
locations as may be designated by the board.
The number of lamp posts to be erected
and maintained during the continuance of the
contract shall not exceed 4800 In all, and to
be erected and maintained at or contiguous
to the present locations of street lamps
erected throughout the city and county, ex-
cept the locations wherein the streets or por-
tions of streets are to be lighted by elec-
tricity, and at such location as may be des-
ignated by the board, the board to have tht
right to change the location of the same from
time to time upon payment of the actual
cost of labor and material In making said
changes or removals. When lamps are or-
dered to be erected.. In certain sections of the
city where no mains are laid then the mains
shall be extended or arrangements made by
which the lighting of said sections of the city
shall be effected, but In no event shall more
tights be erected than can be paid for out of
the fund provided for street lighting during
the fiscal year.
Lamps — The lamps to be similar to those
now in use, or such as may be approved by
the board, and the burner to be used In the
lamps In lighting the public streets to con-
sist of a single burner of the same size
now used In the main thoroughfares. The
burners of the various lamps to average a
consumption of not less than five cubic feet
per hour. tSSPBt
The lamp posts. lamps, service pipes, mains
and all appurtenances incidental and nece.*-
sary to complete and equip the lamps ready
for lighting to be furnished by the successful
bidders, who shall erect, maintain and keep
the same In proper condition and repair.
■ Lighting lamps— last lamp on each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted one hour aftei
sunset and to be extinguished one-half hour
before sunrise, except that during the night
of full moon, the night preceding and the
night following no lamps shall be lighted.
Specifications: Electric lights— The poles,
wire?, conductors, lamps, carbon electrodes
and each and every appliance, article or ap-
paratus which may be necessary for electric
lighting to be furnishes! and erected and
kept In good order and condition by the suc-
cessful bidder.
The wires and conductors to be thoroughly
insulated and placed in such locations and In
such manner as will prevent them from be-
ing tampered with or handled by any unau-
thorized person or persons; It being distinct-
ly understood that the city and county shall i
not be responsible, but must be heßl harm- !
less against any claim for damages for any I
Injury or accident which may be occasioned
by the wires or conductors, and against any I
cla4m for damages by reason of any In- !
fringement of any patent right In the use
of the lamps, machinery or appliances con- {
nected with the said electric light.
The said masts to be erected and maintain- i
ed at or contiguous to the present locations j
of the masts erected throughout the city and
county, with the distinct understanding that
the board reserves the right to change the
locations of and designate the character and
power of the electric lights and the height j
of the mast to be used at any particular lo-
cation during the continuance of the con-
tract upon the payment of the actual cost of
labor and materials in making said changes
or removals.
The electric lights to be provided are as '
follows: •
Six hundred and thirty-eight masts not
exceeding 40 feet high, 2000 candle power arc
lights; 50 poles not exceeding 25 feet In
height on Market street from the ferries to
Valencia street: 22 poles not exceeding 23 feet
in height on Van Ness avenue, from Market
street to Broadway: 263 lights suspended over
the center of streets herein designated, to be
hereafter apportioned or erected at such other
locations as may b» designated by this board.
In case any additional lights are needed
the same to be erected at such locations as
may be determined by the Committee on
Street Lights, under the direction of the Board,
and shall be furnished' when required during
the continuance of the contract, but In no
event shall more lights be erected than can
be paid for out of the fund provided for
street lighting during the fiscal year.
■ The lamps to be lighted during the entire
night from one hour after sunset until on*-
half hour before sunrise; except that during
the night of full moon, the night preceding
and the night following, no lamps shall be
lighted.
Provided that the nine (9) lamps In China-
town shall be lighted each and every night.
General provisions— All the lamps to be kept
In proper condition and cleaned at least twice
In each week, and at each of said cleanings
all the glass shall be thoroughly cleaned,
both on the inside and outside of the lamp,
and all dust and dirt shall be brushed from
the frames. The lamps are to be repaired
and reglazed -within twenty-four hours after
any portion of the same is broken.
Street signs— The names of streets, places
and alleys to be painted on the gas and elec-
tric lamps throughout tie city and county
at Btreet crossings, main and subdlvlsloi.
street intersections and at the Intersections
of places and alleys with the main, streets:
at main street crossings two names on each
lamp, at intersections of main streets not
less than two names on each lamu; at Inter-
sections of subdivision streets, places or al-
leys, not less than two names on each lamp.
The letter, color, style and location of the
names on the lamps to be approved or desig-
nated by the Board of Supervisors. The
names of streets, etc., on each lamp to be
kept clean and in position so as to be plain-
ly visible, and within twenty-four hours In
case of breakage to be repaired and the
name or names repainted thereon, and in no
event are the lamps to be turned so as to
misplace the names of the streets as indicated
on each of them.
No compensation shall be allowed for any
lamp or lamps, either gas or electric light,
' except such as shall be lighted during the
whole time provided in the foregoing speci-
fications under which a contract may be
awarded: also, that within three days prior
to the expiration of each month the gas
inspector shall furnish the parties to whom
the contract is awarded the time during
which the lamps. shall be lighted and extin-
guished each and every night and morning of
the succeeding month. All bills of the suc-
cessful bidders, upon the execution of con-
• tract and the performance In compliance
therewith, shall be presented and paid month-
ly at the end of each calendar month. .
Notice to bidders— Bidders will estimate and
bid a price per lamp per night, for which
they will furnish, erect, repair and keep in
" good repair ' and condition all ' lamp posts,
masts, poles, wires, lamps, services, "street'
I signs and appurtenances, furnish gas and
I electric light on all streets, , places and al- ,
■ ■.. - '..: ;■■: ' ." ■. -. -
PROPOSALS— Continued.
leys according to the foregoing specifications,
as follows:
First— Bidders will estimate and state a price
per night for each gas lamp and each electric
light in each of the districts described with
the understanding" that both gas and elec-
tricity will be used In the lighting of each
district.
Second— Bidders will also estimate and state
a price per night for each gas lamp and each
electric light to light the entire city and
county as designated and required by these
specifications.
The board reserves the right to award a
contract to light each- district with ga3 and
electricity, or to light with gas and elec-
tricity the entire city and county, to the low-
est responsible bidder. '
No bids will be received or entertained
from parties who estimate on any contingent
event, or who cannot comply with, or who are
not prepared or qualified to carry out, the
' terms and conditions herein imposed.
Bidders will' be required to deposit with the |
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors a certified
check, drawn to the order of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, to be approved by
said Clerk, upon Borne bank in the City and
County of San Francisco, in the sum of ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars gold coin, condi-
tioned if the proposal Is accepted and the
contract awarded; and If the bidder shall
fail or neglect to execute a written contract
therefor and give a good and sufficient bond,
with two sureties, in the sum of thirty-
five thousand ($35,000) dollars for the proper
fulfillment of said contract, within ten days
after the award is made, then and in that
case the said sum- shall be paid Into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect.
Blank proposals furnished by the Clerk.
It is also to be distinctly understood that
the board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so requires.
Also that the party or parties to whom a
contract is awarded will- be required, prior to
or at the time of execution of the contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice in
three daily newspapers. ' ™ ,
JXO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PERSONALS.
— Please come or write; L. almost in-
sane. F-
X.— Come Thursday, Sixth and Market sts. L.
NOTICE— After this 11th day of July, ISS3,
I will not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife, Lizzie Kavanagh.
WILLIAM KAVANAGH. Hay wards.
JOSEPH GREVEX, vocal teacher. 1236. Market
St., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
peveral of his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly In advance.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
HAIR which la oily Is generally healthy: 25c
is all I charge for up-to-date halrdressln?;
■ good switches $1; best finest quality $3 50;
extra heavy long $5: open Sundays 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
QUIXOXIA is a perfect hair tonic, 35c bot-
tle. G. LEDERER, 11l Stockton st.
LIT HO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c; SxlO and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22. 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
2?, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
ing, all colors. lc ft;open eve.Jones.s47 Mission.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain. at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night- SI 50 to 16 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of the tailoring
firm Curley & Wolf, S. F.. is now in business
at rm. 11, Macdonough building. Oakland.
CONTRACTOR for sinking wells and drifting
tunnels for water. J. G.. 408% Grove st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 103G
Market; hairdresslng. popular prices.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUXKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy instalments. L.
T MOS, 1117 Marl-.et St., bet 7th and Sth.
333 HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions a.-.d ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 91fi Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR OMAR
The Occult Wonder
Eddy 5t.— 325. '
Always See the. Best.
v Gives Invaluable advice on all affairs of
life, love, business, marriage, divorce, etc.,
unites separated, causes speedy marriages,
removes domestic trouble, etc.; full names,
dates, facts, In all cases; fee, $1 and $2;
satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Bight; diagnose disease, full life reading: la.
. f.oc, gents $1; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market Ft.
(Vendome building)— Tranc- medium: unites
the separated; changes luck; locates buried
treasures; letters answered; inclose stamp.
WILL be absent from city for short time;
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 143 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMAXN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st. .
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fesslon: never falls; advice: help. 929 Post St.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium; Hindoo control; 10 to 5. 579 Geary st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. lIS Haight st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212^ Sixth St.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia et. ; read-
Ings, $1; cir. Tues.. Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat. S; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busl-
. ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkln; readings daily at res.. 353 Geary st.
~~ MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only. Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
DO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; . delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong. $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used:
travelers helped. at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, fl.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jone*.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
' mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. '
NEW process for female trouble; no matter '
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
• ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. $1. cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly ah
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever -cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; rafe, reliable; take '
no other; send 4c stamps for particular*,
"Relief for Ladies": letter, by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort ;■ best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; prlct
$160; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for' particulars ,to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 631 X Ft., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;,
express C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS,. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 1223 Market at. ; diseases of women
and children. '■ . .
MRS. ARCHBARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment:' confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. . 1915' Mission st.
$2 . MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, . bought, sold
machine supplies. ., 145 Sixth : phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing .at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHINATOWN Business Prop^rty^
Pays Big Interest.
$28,000— Rent $330; extra large lot on Wash-
ington st., covered with improvements; a mort-
gage of $14,0u0 can remain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
FOR Sale by Order of Mortgagee.
O'Farrel!, Near Octavla.
$7500 — A nice modern home, contains 10 rooms,
bath, etc.; extra large lot; runs through to rear
street. BALDWIN &. HOWELL.
BUSINESS Property.
$7:oO— Mission st.; large lot, 35x130; new im-
provements, consisting of store and flats, 6 and
7 rooms; all rented for $65.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery St.
A GOOD Investment.
$7750— Rent $70; Fulton St., near Laguna; lot
27:6x120; 2 houses of 6 rooms and bath and
basement: also two flats on rear street.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP Cottage.
$1500— Very easy terms; good cottage of 5
rooms and bath: street work done; close to
Guerrero street electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
MAKE AN Offer.
Fillmore st. business property; none better
ever offered; $16,500; stores and flats, on best
part of trie street; lot 50 feet front; pays over
9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HnWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BIG Interest.
$2500— Rent $30: Shipley St., near Fourth; 3
flats, 4 rooms each: make offer.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— 18600; rent $80; 3 handsome new flats of 6
rooms each, just completed; Baker st., close
to Park entrance: good location; large lot.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3ooo; rent $32; lot 25x120; Fourth aye.. near
Clement st. ; 2 good flats of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A— s3soo; Lake St., near Ninth aye.; new ltt-
Btory cottage of 7 moms and bath: beautiful
park directly In rear of the house; easy terms.
BALDWIN"* HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
PRICE $27,500.
Rent $222.
Splendid improvements; stores and flats;
large corner; two prominent streets in West-
ern Addition.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
TERMS, $200 Cash.
$3 Monthly.
Price, $600; cottage of 2 rooms; chicken house;
lot 25x100; fenced: street graded, sewered and
macadamized; near Guerrero st. electric car.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, First Floor.
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100. $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission Btreet electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to )S6O: officially graded; superb
view; $25 down. $in monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots: street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
100 AfRES or more in Visitation Valley, San
Mateo County, on county line. Inquire 546
Ciay st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 UPWARD; lots in the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland; $6 cash, $3 monthly: $460 for a 4-
room cottage, ti-rnis to suit; $125 upward, lots
in Galindo Tract, East Oakland: nothing like
these lota for double the money anywhere;
but few left and must be sold; fine school
house; 2 electric car lines: streets all graded
and macadamized; city water and sewer; nice
homes surrounding. Call or send for circular,
455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
WHARF for rent in Oakland, at foot of Wash-
ington and Clay sts. : frontage of about SBO
feet on harbor line: area about 200,000 square
feet. Apply to HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050
Broadway.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
public: prnprrtv looked rtftpr. Sl4 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR SALE — Furniture of 4-room house; also
chickens; house to let. 166S Fifth St., West
Oakland.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms: bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral: 559 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Onl.-Ur,.l Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grova.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED S-room house; nice groundsTcenl
tral; to let. Z.. box 12. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
FINE gunny Fulte: also eunnv single room; va-
cant June 1 THF ' 'INF. T~' F'-hth at
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' 01.l store, 40S Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
specialT notice!
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
-VST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $ISOO, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and invite
inspection MARCI FE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 636 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
55x115: 5 rooms and bath; all new improve-
ments: 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1525
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22; 1 block from station; also
6-room cottage. $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2110 Stnnford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NO. 2720. State of California— ln the Superior
Court in and for the City and County of San
Francisco (Department Ten).
In the matter of the petition of IDA M.
SCOOFFY for the perpetuation of testimony.
In the above entitled special proceeding no-
tice is hereby given that under an order of the
presiding Judge of said court, dated July 6.
A. D. IS9S. and on the application of the above
named petitioner. IDA M. SCOOFFY, on
THURSDAY, September 8, A. T>. IS9B, before
J. P. SULLIVAN. Notary Public, at his office,
on the fourth floor of the Parrott building,
situated on the south side of Market street,
between Fourth and Fifth streets, in the said
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, commencing at the hour of 10
o'clock a. m. on said date, the testimony of
HIRAM BURT COOK and of WALTER HER-
BERT COOK in the said special proceeding
will be taken.
The object of the said special proceeding is to
perpetuate the testimony of the paid witnesses
In relation to the lot and premises, thirty
130) feet front by sixty (60) feet In depth sit-
uated on the west side of Taylor street, be-
tween Pacific and Broadway streets, In said
city and county, and numbered one thousand
five hundred and forty-one (1541), on Taylor
street.
For further Information reference Is hereby
made to the petition and order aforesaid.
IDA M. SCOOFFY, Petitioner.
Dated San Francisco, July 6, A. D. 1898.
NOTlCE— Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, IS9S.— Office of the Clerk of
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco. City Hall building, second
floor, July 6, 1898. .
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
wnn section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of San Francisco, for the fiscal year
1898, has been completed and delivered to me
as Clerk of the 1 jard of Super ~=ors. together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination in thig office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m.. and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
5, 1898, at 2 o'clock, and will inereafter con-
tinue In session from time to time until the
business of equalization presented to them is
disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
July, IS9S.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given that. In accord-
ance with sections 1?97. 1599 -nd 3654 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and is now open
for examination and correction as provided by
law. JN'--. A. RUSSELL. Cl»rk.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DGNNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty. i
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
NEAR MILLS COLLEGE
AND LEONA HEIGHTS.
In the beautiful suburbs of Oakland: a tract
Of 1000 acres for sale: when subdivided will ba
unsurpassed for surburban homes; only 3 miles
by electric road from Oakland; rented now for
$2500 annually; price $150,000; will sell less
land if desired.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
A— 22o ACRES FOR $EOOO.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley, in mining district. McAFEE BROTH-
ERS, 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
160 ACRES, near Cottonwood, Tehama Co.{
IS acres in vineyard.. & acres in orchard; bal-
ance hay and pasture land; well improved;
price $6500. McAFEE BROTHERS.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. abova
Sixth: telephone South 14.
$5 .UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
2D mortgages & undivided interests in estates
a specialty. H. MURPHY, 636 Market St.
$25 AND upwards on pianos, furniture, real
estate. Address box 157. Call office.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
■ office Tenth and Market: telephone South IS6.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission St.: tel Mint 1821.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must ba
j handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BUNT— In this city, July 11, 1898, to the wlfa
of Charles Bunt, a daughter.
FARRELL— I3,ISSS, to the wife of J. J.
Farrell, a daughter.
FOLTZ —In Alameda, June 30, 1593, to the
wife of Matthew Foltz, a son.
GUNTHER— In this city, July 3. 1898, to tha
wife of Gustave C. Gunther, a son.
STOLTZ— In this city, July 8. 1898, to the wife
of Charles M. Stoltz, a daughter.
. MARRIED.
BRODERSEN— POPP— At the First English
Lutheran Church, July 5, IS9B, by the Rev.
Dr. E. Nelander, William E. Brodersen and
Lizzetta M. Popp. both of San Francisco.
"™^™^^*^^^
DIED.
Birch. Thomas J. Macy, Susana
Brookes. Julia L. Maguire, Dr. A. A.
Crone. Mrs. Amy O'Brien, J. J.
Davenport. Edward Pfell, Robert
Frankel, Hanchen Rhine, Abraham
Garber, Eugene R. Sayman, Manuel. J.
•Harrington, Maude Tobin, John
Hubie. Miss .G. A. Yon Hagen, Martin
Linnell, Bertha M. Winch, Walter
BIRCH— In Alameda. July 18, IS9S, Thomas
J. Birch, a native of New York, aged 43)
years. ; ~ : ;
ETNotice of funeral hereafter
BROOKES— In this city, July 12, IS9S, Julia
Landseer, beloved Infant child of EawinL. and
Lizzie M. Brookes, and sister of Blanche W.
Brookes, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years and 8 months.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residenca
of her parents, 330 Twenty-seventh street.
Interment private, Masonic Cemetery.
CRONE — A month's mind mass will be said for
the repose of the soul of Mrs. Amy Crone at
St. Anthony's Church, at 8 o'clock, to-morrow
(Friday).
DAVENPORT— At Mare Island, Cal., Edward
L., son of Thomas and the late Mary Daven-
port, and husband of Mrs. Bessie Davenport
of Chicago, a native of San Francisco, aged
3S years 11 months and 8 days. (Chicago pa-
pers please copy.)
FRANKEL— this city. July 11, 1898, Han-
chen, widow of the late Solomon FrankeL
and mother of Julius and Charles FrankeL
a native of Sachsen-Melningen, Germany,
aged 74 years and 7 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, corner Twelfth avenue and L street.
Sunset District. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by carriage.
GARBER— In this city, July 12, 1898, Eugene
Rhodes Garber, a native of Alabama, aged
41 years.
• Friends are respectfully Invited to at-,
tend the funeral services this day' (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence" of Judga
John Garber, Berkeley. Carriages will be at
Dwieht-way station to meet train leaving:
San Francisco at 1 o'clock.
HARRINGTON— In North Oakland, July 18,
1898, Maude E., beloved wife of Harris F.
Harrington, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. O.
Favor, and sister of Elbert E. Favor, aged
24 years 6 months and 2s days.
HUBIE— In this city, July 12, 1898. Miss G. A.
Hubie, beloved sister of P. G. Hubie of:
Rough and Ready, Nevada County, Cal., and
Miss Blanche Hubie of England, a native of
England, aged 38 years.
E7"Frienda and" acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 3
and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LINNELL-^-In this city, July 12, IS9S, Bertha
M., beloved wife of H. S. Linnell, and only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Billings,
. aged 25 years.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 433 Valencia street. Interment private.
O. E. S.— Officers and members of Harmony
Chapter No. 124, O. E. S., are requested to
attend the funeral of our late sister, Past
■ Matron Bertha M. Llnnell. By order of tha
worthy matron. EVA M. HARE. Sec
MACY —In Oakland, Snsana (De Conervo)
Macy, wife of David F. Macy, and mother of
Rafael, Luple and Vesta Macy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 45 years and 6 months.
MAGUIRE— In this city. July 13, 1898. Dr.
Andrew A., beloved husband of Minnie Ma-
guire, father of Ruth Maguire, beloved son of
Owen and Ann Maguire, brother of Dr. Charles
5. Maguire, and nephew of Michael and Eliza-
beth Macuire. a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 1 month and 29 days.
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 227 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Ftllmore streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery- Please omit flowers.
O'BRIEN— anniversary requiem mass for
the repose of the soul of J. J. O'Brien will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral to-mor-
row (Friday), at 8 o'clock.
PFEIL— San Salvador, Salvador, C. A.. July
6, 1898, Robert, beloved husband of ' Jacoba
T. Pfell (nee Van Oterendorf), and father of
LIU Pfeil, a native of Paris, France, aged
45 years.
RHINE— In Clayton. July 12. 1898. Abraham,
beloved son of Charles and Cella Rhine, a
native of California, aged 22 years and 5
months. ;'.i '.-:
|E7"Fr*ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
.of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, thence to corner Third and Townsend
streets for 11:30 o'clock train. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, San Mateo County.
SAYMAN— In this city, July 13, 1898, Manuel
J. Sayman, beloved son of the late Ramona
Larrando, and brother of Mrs. Elena E.
Rodifer, a native of Stockton, Cal., aged 36
years and 5 months.
TOBIN— In this city, July 13, 189?. John, dearly
beloved husband of Katie Tobin, and beloved
father of Mrs. T. Lord and Thomas Tobin, a
native of County Cork, . Ireland, aged 60
years.
(T- Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
. Mission street. ,
YON HAGEN— Alameda, July 12, 1898, Mar-
tin yon Hagen. beloved father of Mrs. H.
Ulrichs, Mrs. J. Vogt, Henry and Martin yon
Hagun, a native of Germany, aged 78 years
6 months and 12 days. < .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, , from his late resi-
dence, 1801 San Antonio avenue, Alameda.
Interment private, in Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
WINCH— this city, July 12, 1898, Walter,
husband of R. C. Winch, and. father of Fred
C. Winch and Mary W. Day, a native of Jef-
f erson County, New York, late of Auburn,
'N. V., aged 75 years and 4 months. (Auburn,
N. V., papers please copy.) f •
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence, 45 Guerrero street. Interment private.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FCKEKAX DIRECTORS * KJIBALMEB3
■ i.O iITTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sehstl. •
Telephone, South 80,
■
: -
1314
I v*/ v v*-'v *-'
J B - B _ D _ B - E _t»-B- B - n -B-»-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B i" | _f| S" OAI T flllDflHll4lOl ■-■-■-B-B-D-B-B-S-a-B— B-Q-B-B-a-H-a |
I ? The Least "Damaseii'portions" = FIRE SALE BARGAINS! i Yon Reap tbe Benefit \\
I ? ... OF THE ... ■ ' * . . i ••••OF • '• ." ? " I
I - Siminoff Cloak Factory . —^^^^^^ i The Loss Paid by the In J I
I ♦ Stock Now Reached, 1 TO-DAY WE SELECT FOR CLEARANCE a I surance Companies. I I
I Lb-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-s— ■■■■■-■ «-i variety of lines from the least damaged , portions of I
I ' ■ . ■ :. the SIMINOFF Cloak Factory stock of Cloaks, Suits, '• « 'CW * W'-ii I
I ClOak Department! Skirts and Cloak and Dress Materials, and in con- LaflieS bOUt WaiStS! I
I L ' nection with them we also invite attention to a . : ?
I LADIES' CAPES. GREAT SPECIAL PURCHASE of LADIES' SHIRT 35c A^^^^^^<^^t^^™-t.
I fill OK LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, yokes trimmed ,T T , T^r«/-«. -i i i -, , I>> ii x 1,1 : ®
© $Z.y3 with lace, necks finished with silk and lace, worth $6 50; sale WATQTQ WhITR WP QPTIIPPn Rt TlfTll?P^ Illft I P. DFI HP. X
I price $2 95 each. VV/ilolOi W lllLll YY D OUULII DLL U L IILJ Ul UO LIIUL UlllLUiU OK LADIES' FANCY STRIPED SHIRT WAISTS, blouse front, yoke©
9 , . . ~~ _ . JJI( back, regular price 75c; will be placed on sale at 35c. X
fa CO OC LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, empire backs, j. n ff QT i thPTTI at T
f 4>3.3f3 handsomely beaded and braided, necks finished with lace and rib- \J^ [[) LJlltjl Lllulll Cl L • fa
® bon, worth $7 50; sale price $3 95 each. fiOr LADIES ' FANCY CHECKED SHIRT WAISTS in pink, blue and lav- - I
fa — ___ ■■■■i^ 1 iBBk ■ £*S ■ VV/^ ender, latest style make, regular price $1; will be placed on special V
I LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. O1 T IHI P Tl JO I """"^ I
195 c1 95c "gjgatgas^jsg^gg^'sr^^a irn 1Q uU I fimilP H iHlilf \3 P 160 c1 60c LA^^^rs^^f^&^^er a * c
©Cl Ctn LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, double ||| A Ifl 111 ill I Ulli 111 Hi 111111 l v T
$1.50 nned and bound with velvet, worth $2 50; sale price $1 60 each. UU IU lUllll UUI JU U IU JIU \J UUI .- LAmES> CHAM BRAY SHIRT WAISTS in plain colors of pink and |
A tf.-» Sf\ LADIES' BLACK ALPACA DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere stripes, i ' blue, pointed yoke with blouse front, regular price $125; will be fa
J J.3U ' double lined and bound with velvet, worth $5; sale price $3 50 each. ' " _ placed on special sale at 75c. I
I &A EA LADIES' BLACK MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere stripes. ,^ . ©
© S)Tt3U double lined and bound with velvet, worth $6 50; sale price $4 50 p \ A T\ C * J^.l Di«^.lr T^_a/^/>^« 6Zr\r\Ary I T^r LADIES' FINE PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, made T
I -■ Colored Dress (ioous! Black Dress uoods ! 75C jsast 6uie rms nr pr eske $k iu be piacd n i iai ?
fa Ci; fiA LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with wvrmvr»w^ ®
S- $OiUU giik and bound with velvet, worth $10; sale price $6 each. • • •
© : 74 niece* 48 INCH ALL-WOOL DIAGONAL 9 CJr 2000 >' ards - 37-INCH ENGLISH CREPONS. aa LADIES' HEAVY PERCALE and GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS in *f
147 LADIES BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with 25C va vv wnrF'^ extra Rood value for 50c a i "<* 3L slightly damaged; worth 60c; sale price 2ac vJJI.UU fancy plaids, checks and stripes, regular price $1 60; will be placed (i)
© Cj)/.OU percallne and bound with velvet, worth $12 50; sale price $7 50 yard; on special sale at 25c a yard. . >' ard - on special sale at $1. T
,i, each. ' . pa. 1000 yards 54-INCH CHEVIOT; worth $1; sale X
-a ]0 00 yards 64-INCH CHEVIOT; worth $1; sale 1
© CC EtA LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined 3UC pr ice 50c yard. fill f\f\ LADIES FINE PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, deep yoke, with full S
JL . JJ)O.3U an d bound with velvet, worth $13 50; sale price $8 50 each. .-j— 42 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL HEAVY ', <4Ji»w blouse, regular price $1 50; will be placed on special sale at $1. fa
® . : 33C HEATHER MIXED SUITING, in tan and gray fi>| f\(\ 750 yards 56-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL T
4> — - S^g: reKUl d r PriCe $1 a yard: WiU be Of£ered I#UU a SS?ti CC y II a F ;d' I0T; regUlar P " Ce $1 s ° ; Cl OCT LADIES' FINE MADRAS WAISTS in small checks and plaids, %
® I A niF^' s^l IlT^ at a y sale.price $1 yard. $\.£3 pointed yoke back, regular price $1 75; will be placed on Bale at 9
T LHUII^O " Ul * *-*• CO Afl 1500 yards 62-INCH FINE ENGLISH YE- $125. - (L
TCC AA LADIES' SUITS in brown mixtures, fly front, jacket lined with silk »- 35 pieces 58-INCH ALL-WOOL SCOTCH vj)^»V/V NETIAN, for tailor-made suits; worth I
fa vJ)J.UU serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet, worth $10; sale /DC TWEED SUITING, new mixtures; former $3 50; sale price $2 yard. (jjl nc LADIES' BLACK WAISTS, made of fine quality sateen, made in T
T price $5 each. . price $1 50 a yard; on special sale at 75c a yard. j 21. .£ J latest style, regular price $1 75; will be placed on sale at $1 25. ®
I $7.50 LA^sf b^ d Ynd B lS^s T iS *£££' X,r n dou£?f ed^nd" att wftftT _ SPECIAL ! $|#50 LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, made of fine quality organdie and per- J
fa bound with velvet, worth $12 50; sale price $7 50 each. 7= r 29 pieces 56-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL EN G- REMNANTS AND DRESS LENGTHS will be closed v * n#v -' *' cale, regular price $2; will be placed on sale at $1 00. fa '
V ' 31, LISH MELTON SUITING; extra value for out at half-price. ■ T
fa IZIZZIIIIZZZZZZZZZZZIZZZZIZZZIIIIZZI $1 50 a yard; will be offered at 75c a yard. uul <tL lut v ■ — ■ ■ © ■
BgL T^i- 31 pieces 52-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL BROWN OlllV \J V V ill lllivlil* WIK. 1
rS /3C MIXED COVERT CLOTH, summer colorings: 1 { tHRI^ V
V « 7^l*^ worth $1 .'0 a yard; on special sale at 75c a j?/\ 300 yards BLACK FIGURED TAFFETA « /yssk ' ■ A
(•) \ I^%!& ■ yard. 3vFC SILK, 24 Inches wide; worth 75c; will bo closed m^ /^ I /jdtiW ' I
Z / i/i &m VMS W * / $100" Pi ' S rr ' 4 - 1N J" H .<i]i-^' iinl ' BROWN _;- 400 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, small /I/i M \l\ JhSkS % * / J^^ "9 '
1 IHi M M Viyf/m^ C\/fjy / UU MIXICTJ Cm ERT be offend 'al X uV'Urd for /3C and medium designs; worth $1; will be closed I■/ B M yj/J/j[f Vff Jt I k
yajS^^^Jm^^WW^Wwrf^^m^C SA 00 ] ! ' i "" s rt '-' NI ' H all-wool bronze «^ c hea J^* a u! ' a ! a t r > d : ' %vo '" th $1 25; will be closed out W \ff^^y y^^^ o^WWrof B^^/
1 IMI 8 Market Jones and McAllister Sts.. /■■■ 7^r 2? p' eces "-inch fine all-wool blue * ( 91-500 yards plaid taffeta silk, medium IMI w Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / ?
( . /&I £F " "'4 4U11W3 OUt. laVMlll^iVl UW., # /DC MIXED COVERT SUITING, extra value for $l»*3 and large designs; worth $165; will be closed \Jf\W / 7
T \^ \^ San FranclscOi ff $1 25 a yard; on special sale at 75c a yard. out at $1 25 a yard. *^ K^ Sari Francisco. f 1
a_-®-4>-^-®--©--€MS)-®-^-®-®-0-® -^-c? 1 -.!;-®-®-^-® -®-®-®-<g>H®-®-®-®-®-®-^'-®-^-®-®-®--®~®-^ -®-®-^,-^gMg-®-^-®-®-^-v®-®-®-®-®-Kg)-®-^-®-^^'--®^ .
TAX ON MINING STOCKS.
Secretary Gage Asked as to the
Meaning of the New Ruling.
The ruling of the Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue at Washington that a $1
stock was taxable at the same rate as
another of 5100 p:ir value has caused con-
Bternation on the Stock P^xchange. A dis
patch was sent to Secretary Gage yester
day asking him what the tax would be on
a certificate of stock of the par value of
J! p>r share, and his answer is anxiously
awaited.
If the ruling of the Commissioner is sus
tained some new means of relief from
•what is considered an unusually harsh
and unjust ruling will have to be sug
gested. Meantime it has caused a halt
In the work of the attorneys who were
arranging for the reincorporatinn of the
mining companies with capital stocks of
the par value of from $1 to $5 per share.
A Notary Saved Her.
The charge <>f perjury preferred by At
torney Francoour of Oakland against
>trs. Gertrude K. Jones was dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday. The alleged per
jury was contained in an affidavit by Mrs.
Jones in a suit brought against her and
her husband by Francoeur. W. T. Hess,
notary public, testified that Mrs. Jones
did not personally appear before him and
swear to the affidavit, but it was brought
to him by Edwin M. Hunter, clerk for
Attorney Hutchinson, with Mrs. Jones'
signature attached to it. This testimony
■was corroborated by Hunter.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Made Baby Kick and Scream.
Had to Wrap Her Hands
and Pat Her on the Table
to Dress. Would Tear Her
Face and Arms Almost to
Pieces. Grew Worse Under
All Remedies.
CUTICURA CURED HER
When my little girl was six months old,
J she had Eczema. We had used cold creams
'. and all kinds of remedies, but nothing did
. her any good ; in fact she kept getting worse.
I used to wrap her hands up, and when I
■would dress her, I had to put her on the table,
for I could not hold her. he would kick and
.' scream, and, when she could, she would tear
her face and arms almost to pieces.
I used four boxes of Cdticiiba (ointment),
two cakes of Cuticura Soap, and gave her
the Cuticcra Resolvent and she was cured,
. and I see no traces of the humor left. I can
truthfully say that they hare saved her life, and
any one suffering as she did, I should advise
them to give Cutiocra a fair trial.
Feb. 7, '98. Mrs. G. A. CONRAD, Lisbon, N. H.
Remedies arc the greatest skin
.cures, blood purifiers, and humor remedies of
the civilized world. • '
BLBEF fob SKtS-TOSTCBZD Babiei AKD Rest fob
Tibed Mothers In a warm bath with CmcrnA Soap,
and a tingle application of Ccticuea [ointment], greatci)
of emollient* and skin cure*.
This treatment will give instant relief, permit rot for
. parent and tltep for child, and point to a speedy, perma-
nent, and economical cure of the most torturing, dUfl g-
nring. and humiliating of itching, bunting, bleeding,
acaly, pimply, and crusted skin and isalp humors with
loss of hair, when all else falls.
Sold throughout the world. Poms Dico asd Chm.
Corp., Sol* Props , Boston. «_»«.
oar* " Bow to Care Torturing EcremV mailed frit.
VEGETABLES
WILL FIND A
FREE MART
Wharves for Perish
able Goods.
; UNDER STATE GOVERNMENT
iE. D. ADAMS EXPLAINS THE
PURPOSE OF THE MARKET.
i The Commission Merchants Are Op
posed to the Producer Selling
Direct to the Con
sumer.
Resolved. That It Is the sense of this board
that Jackson, Washington and Clay street
wharves shall be used for a free market, and
I that this board will so use such wharves for
such purposes and begin the operation of said
free market as soon as rules and regulations
for the government of the cam* can be formu
lated and the proper officers selected.
The above decision, reached yesterday
afternoon by the Harbor Commissioners
relative to the institution of a free public
market on the water front for perishable
goods, marks the close of the months of
constant wrangling between the producers
and the Harbor Commissioners, who have
been in constant battle ever since the
bill providing for the establishment of
the market was passed by the last leg
islature.
Edward F. Adams, the representative
of the producers' interests, began as
usual yesterday by demanding the -earth,
then the entire city front, finally compro
mising with Clay, Washington and Jark
son street wharves as a just appropria
tion of public property for the needs and
demands of the new market.
The main object of the market, as set
forth and demonstrated by Adams, is to
facilitate the disposal and purchase of
vegetables and other perishable products
in the interests of both the producer and
the consumer. The Harbor Commission
will operate and control the market by
the appointment of a superintendent and
the adoption of all necessary regulations
that will be a benefit to the State and the
various interests which it will represent.
With the establishment of the market
have come the protests and objections of
the "middlemen" (commission mer
chants), who will be practically driven
from their heretofore lucrative traffic of
selling the goods of the producer to the
consumer, as under the new system goods
will be sold by public sale direct from the
producer to the consumer.
Adams supplemented the request of the
producers in the establishment of the
market by asking that the proper rail
road facilities be provided by the Board
of Harbor Commissioners for the proper
disposal of their products. The demand
was opposed, however, by Major Harney
who maintained that before railroad
transportation could be considered it was
advisable to first test the proposition of
experimenting with the transportation
facilities afforded by the boats now hand
ling nearly the entire perishable products
of the farmers.
Under the regulations, that will b.e dic
tated by the discretion of the Harbor
Commissioners, every trafficker and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
dealer in products that nre shipped to the
new market and Ptoml on State property,
pending their disposal, will be under State
regulations and the immediate jurisdic
tion of the Commission. Licenses In form
of permits will be awarded and the trade
guided in this way. Before goods can be
sold the State regulations must be prop
erly signed by the dealers and the stipula
tions set forth duly conformed with.
Harbor Commissioner Colnon maintain
ed that if the proposed market were run
on the basis outlined by Adams, the new
system would he identical with the pres
ent and there would be absolutely noth
ing gained by its formal Institution. He
claimed that the object was to facilitate
the sellers' and the buyers' interests and
if this object could not be obtained with
out legislating in favor of the commission
merchant the market failed in the purpose
for which it is organized.
"If this market Is not to be In the inter
ests of .the seller and the buyer," said
Conlon, "what in the is it for?
The 'subject of holding public auction
sales for the disposal of the products was
objected to by the commission merchants
on the ground that the producer would
be about the only one to derive any bene
fit from it.
Major Harney contended that If a public
auction were held early in the. morning,
as It would undoubtedly be, at a time
when the consumer could not be present,
the commission merchants and the ped
dlers could form a combination and dic
tate the prices at which the goods should
be sold.
In order to prevent the new market
from being overstocked Adams advised
that the superintendant in charge be In
structed to forward a report dally as to
the condition and the amount of merchan
dise on hand to the producer, thereby reg
ulating the exact amount of goods to be
disposed of.
Among those opposed to the public auc
tion scheme was Attorney Matson, who
claimed, as a producer, that the board
had absolutely no rigl)t to dictate to the
farmers where and how they should sell
their goods, further contending that they
had no jurisdiction over the collection of
an additional toll for goods landed in the
free market. Colnon. however, argued
that the law as adopted makes no men
tion where a man may sell his goods and
that all producers could dispose of their
goods where they pleased.
Commissioner Herold was opposed to
granting the entire water front for the
use of the market and thought that it
should be confined on one wharf until
necessity demanded the use of others, but
his objection was overruled and the three
wharves outlined granted.
James Gillls of Alameda said that there
would be no advantage in a new market
unless the sale of potatoes was restricted,
as the entire space granted for the use
of the new market will be devoted to the
storage of this particular vegetable.
Colnon overruled his objection on the
ground that the law said that vegetables
would constitute the chief product of sale,
and as potatoes were undoubtedly vege
tables, they Mould not consequently be
prohibited.
W. J. Pragan of San Jose and W. 1,.
Overhizer of Stockton of the committee
men appointed to represent the producers'
interests of their different sections of the
State briefly outlined that they were in
favor of the new market as represented by
Adams.
The amended request of Adams. In con
formity with the resolution adopted by the
Harbor Commissioners, Is as follows:
The object of th<* free market movement be
ing not to provide Rome special facilities
for farmers to sell their own produce, but to
concentrate the entire trade from first hands
In perishable products upon the water front,
; separate It from all othfr trade, subject It tt»
regulation by State authority, Kive to farmer*
desiring to sell their own produce equal ad
vantages with those preferring to Fell through
commission men and permit any one to buy
there who so desires, the following are the
measures deemed proper to be taken at the
present time:
1. Declare all State property where perishable
products are sold part of the free market and
subject to Its regulations.
2. Set aside Pacific, Jackson and Washing
ton street wharves, with their bulkheads, for
the dockage of boats bringing perishable pro
ducts and the display and sale of same.
3. Assign so much space as is necessary for
car tracks and sheds for display at any point
to which the Southern Pacific Company will
agree to deliver produce coming by broad gaug«.
lines, all other railroad lines being now pro
vided for.
4. Instruct engineer to report plan for rapid
and economical handling of produce In such
manner that lots consigned to same Indi
vidual by different lines can be concentrated
at one spot.
5. Set a day some time In the future, say
May 1, 1899, as the date when regulations will
be enforced and superintendent take office.
6. Invite producers' committee anil surh I
commission merchants as declarp thplr intpn
tliin >.f selling produce on the State property
tn propose, within thirty iiays. regulations for
the consideration of the Harbor Commissioners.
7. Invite producers' committee, commission
merchants or anybody else to nominate can
didates for sujx-rirnrndent. names to be sub
mitted not later than March 1. ISM. for elec
tion not later than April 1, 1899. The question
of assistant superintendent not to lie con
sidered until It Is seen that one is needed.
« ♦ ■
HE MUST GO TO WAR.
Horace Perrone Enlisted, out Later
Changed His Mind.
Horace Perrone, an Italian boy, was
brought before United States District
Judge Beatty yesterday morning in an
swer to a writ of habeas corpus sued out
by his uncle, Ose*a Perrone, to procure his
release from the army.
When young Perrone enlisted on June
19 he gave his age as 21 years and S
months, and made official declaration of
his Intentions of becoming a citizen of the
United States. He was assigned to the
hospital corps. His uncle, however, did
not relish the idea of the young man
serving Uncle Sam, and it is evident also
that Horace had a bau attack oC cold
feet, for when placed upon the stand he
solemnly swore that he was under 21
years of age. His uncle Osea also
thought that he was under 21. but could
not be positive. The boy's parents live
in Italy, but as he has- lived with his uncle
while in San Francisco he took upon him
self the duties of guardian. Deputy
United States Attorney Bert Schlesingfer
was present and argued that, as Oa i
had never been legally appointed guard
ian over the boy. he had no claim to him.
Judge Beatty ruled that as Perron.-' had
stated under oath when enlisting that I c
was over 21 years of age that statement
would hold over a contrary one made
when he was evidently anxious to have
the service, and accordingly remanded
him to the army. This is the Brst case
of this Kind that has been won by the
Government.
WILL NAME THEIR
CONVENTION DATE
REPUBLICAN COU2TTY COMMIT -
TEEMEN TO MEET.
Registration of Voters Is Not in
Keeping With What It Should
Be— Haste Urged in the
Matter.
Preparations for the holding of the
forthcoming Republican State Convention
are already being made by the State Cen
tral Committee, of which Major Frank
McLaughlln is the chairman. The follow
ing call for a preliminary meeting has
been issued to the members of the com
mittee: .
"A meeting of the committee will held
at Golden Gate Hall. 655-629 Slitter street,
San Francisco, Cal.. on Saturday, July
23 189!;, at 1 p. m.
"The oject of the meeting Is to fix the
time and place of holding the next Re
publican State Convention, and to appor
tion the delegates therefor."
Major McLaughlln again urges upon the
voters of the Republican party the neces
sity of registration. Up to the present
time Registrar Biggy reports the volume
of registration as being entirely out of
proportion to what it should be at this
time. The total up to dato is only about
ten thousand, while it should have reach
ed a much larger figure. The tendency
of the voter is to put off the work until
the last moment. There Is usually a rusn
at that time and many men lose their
right to vote by being unable to register.
» ♦ ■
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs: w«
Clve credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutler, t. I t ].
■ ♦ ■
Sonora Mines Incorporate.
Articles of Incorporation of the Sonora
Mines Company were filed yesterday. The
capital stock of the corporation Is $100,000,
of which $52,500 Is suhscrfbed. The direc
tors nre James McNab. John D. McGll
vray, J. R. Hall, John Keld and Robert
I Park.
STAMPED WINE
RAISES PRICES
Restaurateurs Guarding
Against Losses.
COMBINE TO ADVANCE RATES
ONE-CENT STAMPS USED ON
QUART BOTTLES.
Children Must Eat French Dinners,
and Extra Wine and Dishes
Charged For at Double
Bates.
i
While the restaurant keepers are rais
ing a howl over the new stamp lnw and
petitioning fur a decision which will re
lieve th<Mn of the burden of stamping
table wines, they are determined not to
lose much before the decision arrives.
A number of the proprietors of restau- i
rants which furnish a French dinner for ;
2."j cents have formed a combination to I
raise prices until the decision has been |
received. Formerly an extra bottle of
wine with the meal would cost 5 cents per j
pint and 10 cents per quart; under the new ;
schedule it has been raised to 10 and 15 j
cents. Lest this should not cover the cost |
of the stamps, however, the price of ex
tra dishes has been doubled. There is no
possible tax on these extra dishes, but the
restaurant keepers are not taking any
chances.
Kirschwasser and cognac were formerly
served at dessert free when desired, but
the placards now read "a superior quality
will be served in small glasses for 5 cents
extra." An extra pat of butter also costs
5 cents.
But should all these plans tjtil to make
up the deficit caused by the purchase of
stamps some of the wily feeders of the
hungry have hit upon another plan which
will work admirably unless the agents of
Uncle Sam feel it their duty to put a stop
to it. The same bottles and the same
corks are used over and over again and
the simple device of making the stamp do
service as often as the cork has been
found to work to perfection so far, al
though the revenue collectors may have
something to say about It later on. It is
also said that in some places 1 cent
stamps are being placed on quart bottles,
which should bear a 2-cent stamp, the
excuse being made that, as the bottles
hold a little less than a quart they do not
come under the head of quart bottles and
a pint-stamp is sufficient. This, however,
is a fallacy, for the 2-cent tax applies to
bottles holding "more than a pint."
The whole case is becoming daily more
Interesting and has been the subject »f
many heated arguments In and about the
Federal buildings as well as in the res
taurants. The restaurant keepers see but
one side to the argument; that it is un
just to pay the tax and are determined
to avail themselves of any loophole which
promises escape, and finally light the
matter out in the courts if necessary.
Some restaurants not in the combine are
selling wine without any stamps at all.
Placards advertising the increased
prices have been posted conspicuously in
many 25-cent French, Spanish and Italian
restaurants about town, and are signed
by J. M. Semeria, Henry Leßlanch. Wean
Pontacq. V. Zagnellia, Jose Pages, li.
Juano, Henry Uoule and J. Panerazl.
The New Nicaragua Canal, by
Charles It. Flint, the big South
American merchant, in next Sun
day's Call.
3 - DAY SPECIALS !
You may be assured of getting
the best there Is— the cheap-
est prices in San Francisco.
Rams, per lb .:. .. ..........Hie
Finest Eastern.
Regular price I3 ; ic.
Salad Dressing, bot 25c
Mrs. Heerman'f —none better.
Regular price 30c.
Imported Ginger Ale, d0z. .... .$1.25
From Wheeler & Co., Belfast.
Regular price. $1 65.
Malt Vinegar (Heinz'), qt. bot. . .20c
Gallon 75= j
Guaranteed absolutely pure. ..
Regular price, 25c and $1. '
Brandy, bot 75c, 3 bots $2.00 i
Gallon $3.00
A choice 9-year-old California brandy.
Regular price $1 and $1.
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILUORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. , | Telophona West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to ■
Country Orders. Freight paid 100 miles.
Moeta
Cftandon
White Seal (Grande Cuvee) of
exceptional bouquet and dryness. j
—COURT JOURNAL
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN REDUCED
35c PER BARREL.
| San Francisco, July 14, iS9s!
IfIHN A RFN^AN engineer and at-
JUlin A- UCnaVJI, TORXEy-008 Montgom-
; cry St., San Francisco, Cal. Land scrip
; for sale. Surveyed and unsurveyed lands lo-
cated and - patents secured anywhere In 'the
United States without settlement. Timber and
grazing lands bought and sold. I represent |
; specially cases arising before the Internal Rev- I
j enue anil Treasury Departments. Also cases |
arising under the regulations governing the
tariff and trade of the Hawaiian and Philip-
pine Islands, and, the war revenue law. M>
business will have the attention : of eminent
Washington attorneys. .. „
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
• « At THe Full Set of Teeth *
-ajurol I *^<v • extracting free $500 up I
<t/* 1^ Gold Crowns 22k |3 soup j
jjr** ' C'-T^rH^T %? Fillings - - - 25 cts. up j
OpenKvenings&Sundavs
tt\^mxsCE van vroom
>^*!ji«T\YVV? Electro Dental Parlors
i *0 |rN /'Sixth and Market !
w Dr. G W. Kleiser, Prop. I
0 ■ CASH OR AT- A-TIME. o
0 ' o
I Particular ]
9 People — o
4 People who insist on knowing all about 2
People who Insist on knowing all about X
o an article before buying it. who demand n
a that price and quality must be Just ex- a
actly right, who form their opinions of A
** dealers by goods they have sold in the ?
▼ past — are the folks we like to do ▼
O business with. i O
4 We are rather particular ourselves in ♦
q buying. We won't spend a penny .unless O
the price is low and the quality high. 4
O OUR PRICES LOWER THAN" THOSE O
OF GASH HOUSES. ♦
♦ J. NOON AN, I
4 Complete House-Furnisher, ♦
J 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., ?
0 Above Sixth. o
♦ Phone South 14. Open Evenings. ♦
O . o
WHY!
Here are orae reasons hy you
should buy your Eye-Glasses or Spec-
tacles from us: ;
We have perfect facilities.
"We have a large stock to select from.
We give the » jst and quickest service,
i-r — «...
OPTiC.ANs/p Hcl >H.C = v,
642 Market 5t v instruments
MADE ME A MAN
*&?*. AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURS
ft/ "I JLLL Jfervous IMseente .*— Foilinu Mem*
RS CIC I ?? r y» Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
X *X\ by AbuM or other Excesses ond India-
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURS
/XiyrrwM XMjsra»f.»-Failin(j Mea-
ory, Impotency, Sloeplessness, etc., caused
by Abues or other Excesses nnd Indis-
cretions, Th<*y quickly and surely
V^V/.. restore Lost Vitality in old or young and
>e^/»L fit b man for study, bosl&sws or mnrrir™
Insanity and Consumption if
taken in mo. Their uspehoTs iaimc<iiß(.o improve-
ment and effects a CUKE whore all ot»ier fail In-
Fist upon . having the Eennlna Ajax Tablets. The*
have cared thousands and 1 1 cure yon. We «tvn <» k>-
Hire written guarantee to offset a euro fin oVe>' iZ
each cose or refund the money. Price Wl W I WtMr
package; or six pk(*es (full treatment! for t°so R»
mall, in plain wr»pi>er. npon receipt of price ri«%nlo»
<«» AJAX REMEDY CO.,
"'*'•' Chicago, til. •
For sale in Ban Francisco by LelpnlU * Ca_
m Butter. No-PercenU«e Pharmacy. Ml MM*
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases of th.
kidneys and bladder. a great Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merit £.?, ( oas : t ln(le<i testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & . BRUNE Amenta.
m Market Street. B^F— (Send for CircnSar.j
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA dc CO.
[ , , SOLD BY, ALL DRUGGIST^ _