VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 29.
BURNS HAS BUT
FEW FOLLOWERS
Legislators From All Parts of the State
Make Reply to a Very Perti
nent Query.
Out of Forty-One Answers Received Only Two Express
a Desire to Aid the Election of the Southern
Pacific's Candidate for United
States Senator.
THE QUESTION THAT WAS ASKED.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Dec. 26, 1898.
To
Do you favor the candidacy of D. M. Burns for United States Senator? This question Is asked in
the Interest of public welfare and without a desire to know your views regarding other candi
dates. Will you answer at once by wire at our expense? THE CALL.
For Burns - 2
Against Burns 18
Non-Committal...- 21
Total 41
Evidence is. at .hand .to- show that
there are but two members of the Leg
islature who favor the Senatorial can
didacy of D. M. Burns and are not
ashamed to say so. There may be some
others who intend to. cast their votes
or . Burns, • but if so they are either
ashamed to acknowledge, the fact or
prefer to keep still concerning their in
tentions in" order to be In a position to
make <t better bargain when the sack is
produced after the Legislature has been
convened. ■■'"
Two days ago The Call sent a tele
gram to each of the Republican mem
bers of the Legislature, asking them if
they favored the candidacy of D. M.
Burns for the United States Senate, it
being expressly stated that the query
was put with no desire to learn the feel
ing nf legislators toward any other Sen
atorial candidate.
Forty-one replies were received, and
of those but two expressed a desire on
thp part of the sender to aid in seur-
Inc the election of Colonel Burns. Both
. f these were from members of the San
Francisco delegation. Of the remain-
Ing thirty-nine, eighteen were opposed
to Burns' candidacy and twenty-one
were non-committal.
A few of the telegrams sent out re
main undelivered, as the legislators to
■whom they were addressed/were away
fmm home and could not' be found.
Many who received the telegraphic
query either neglected to answer as re
quested or ignored it entirely.
Enough replies were received, however,
to give a fair idea of the condition of
mind of the average legislator as re
gards the candidacy of .Colonel Burns.
His lieutenants claim that a majority
of the members of the Legislature are
pledged to vote for him. If this is so,
then all but two are either ashamed or
afrMd to acknowledge that they even
look upon his candidacy with favor.
Thp replies received are published
here in full that there may be no mis
understanding as to their purport. A
perusal of them will perve as a useful
object lesson to those who have the in
terest and welfare of the State at
heart.
ANTTOCH, Dec. 26.— Editor Call: I am
not In favor of Mr. Burns' candidacy for
the United States Senatorship, and shall
not vote for him if he becomes a candi
date. C M. BELSHAW.
Assemblyman Twenty-fourth District.
TULARE. Dec. 26.— Editor Call: I favor
the candidate for United States Senator
■whom the consensus of Republican opin
ion In the Legislature shall name as the
man. E. T. COSPER.
Assemblyman Sixty-fourth District.
PABADBNA, Dec. 88.— Editor Call: No:
I will not vote for D. M. Burns under any
pospitx. condition. I am for Bulla, for
he will make a Mean, aggressive, safe
Senator f.,r California. '
W. S. ME LICK,
Aspfmtilyman Seventieth District.
MARYSYII.LE, Dec. 26.— Editor Call:
No. W. M. CUTTER.
Sf-nator Sixth District.
VALLEJO, Dec 20.— Editor Call: Have
not given the candidacy of D. M. Burns
The San Francisco Call
any thought. Have not been Informed
that he Is a candidate.
J. J. LUCHSINGER,
Senator Ninth District.
OAKLAND, Dec. 26.— Editor Call: Will
weigh merits of each " candidate carefully
i before making a decision.
JOS. M. KELLET.
; Assemblyman Forty-eighth District.
CLEAR WATER, Dec. 27.— Editor Call:
I I do not favor Dan Burns as Senator of
I the United States. J. M. MILLER,
i Assemblyman Seventy-second District.
NOVATO. Dec. 27.— Editor Call: Be
; lieving my constituents have confidence
i in my doing what is right in the matter
• of electing Senator I am not expressing
my opinion. J. W. ATHERTON,
Assemblyman Twenty- third District.
PASADENA, Dec. 27.— Editor Call:
Have not favored the candidacy of D. M.
Burns for Senator, but prefer to under
| stand situation entirely before positive
: answer. C. M. SIMPSON,
Senator Thirty-sixth District.
! ; SAN JOSE. Dec. -Editor Call: I have
not decided for whom I shall vote for
United States Senator.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Senator Thirtieth District.
; ALTURAS, Dec. 27.— Editor Call: I con
i sider it policy to first obtain the desire
i of my constituents before expressing my
self on the Senatorial question.
J. T. LAIRD,
Senator Second District.
! SAN JOSE, Dec. Editor Call: lam
reserving my opinion as to who should
be United States Senator.
' ! BRB M. E. ARNERICH.
| Assemblyman Fifty-sixth District.
: ; VALLEY FORD, Dec. 27.— Editor Call:
. Have not decided definitely as to Sena
tor. I want to represent my constitu
ents. They differ as to choice.
H. M. LE BARON,
Assemblyman Sixteenth District.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. Editor Call: I do
1 not favor the candidacy of D. M. Burns.
i A. S. MILICE,
; Assemblyman Severity-seventh District.
I SONORA, Dec. 26.— Editor Call: No.
a. m. McDonald.
Assemblyman Fifty-eighth District.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. Editor Call:
j I do not. N. P. CON RE Y.
. Assemblyman Seventy-fifth District.
— ♦-
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 26.— Editor Call:
i No. I favor the candidacy of Robert N.
, Bulla only. My people expect a Senator
from the south. ROBERT N. BULLA,
Senator Thirty-seventh District.
ANGELS CAMP, Dec. Editor Call:
, D. M. Burns is not my choice.
HARVEY S. BLOOD.
Assemblyman Twenty-seventh District.
QUINCY, Dec. 26.— Editor Call: Prefer
; not to commit myself for or against any
candidate. G. G. CLOUGH.
Assemblyman Sixth District.
LA MESA, Dec. Editor Call: I do
: not favor D. M. Burns' candidacy for
United States oenator.
A. S. CHOWDER,
Assemblyman Eightieth District.
•
SUISUN. Dec. 27.— Editor Call: I shall |
vote for Morris M. Estee for United States '
j Senator. ALDEN ANDERSON,
Assemblyman Nineteenth District.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 27.— Editor Call: j
i In reply to your wire with reference to
the United States Senatorshlp I have to
i say that the San Diego County delega
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
tion to the Legislature, to which I be
long, is Irrevocably pledged to U. S.
Grant for that position.
LEWIS R. WORKS,
Assemblyman Seventy-ninth District.
ANAHEIM, Dec. 27.— Editor Call: I do
not favor D. M. Burns for United States
Senator. T. J. JONES,
Senator, Thirty-ninth District.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 26.— Editor Call: D.
M. Burns is not my choice. I must obey
the voice of the people.
H. V. MOREHOUSE,
Senator, Thirty-first District.
JAMES H. BEECHER, Assemblyman,
Fifth District— l prefer not to express my
self on this matter. I will not discuss
Burns or any other candidate at this
time.
H. W. CHEYNOWETH, Assemblyman,
Seventhy-sixth District— l am in favor of
a Senator from the south if it is possible
to elect a southern man. I think this an
swers the question fully.
BIG M. BETTMAN, Senator, Twenty
second District— lf D. M. Burns is a can
didate for United States Senator I shall
vote for him.
HENRY C. DIBBLE, Assemblyman.
Forty-first District— l have uniformly and
persistently declined to discuss the Sen
atorial question and will not express an
opinion on the subject until the Republi
can caucus meets.
FRED LUNDQUIST. Assemblyman,
Forty-third District— l have not given the
subject of the Senatorship any attention,
and do not favor the candidacy of any
candidate at this time. I do not know
that D. M. Burns is a candidate.
M. H. BARRY, Assemblyman, Forty
fourth District— l have no preference
among the Senatorial candidates. The
candidate that the caucus agrees to sup
port will suit me. I shall not express an
opinion on the subject until I get to Sac
ramento.
A. H. MERRILL, Assembly man Thir
ty-sixth District— l have nothing to say
as to how I shall note for United States
Senator.
C. F. KENNEALLY, Aseemblyman
Twenty-ninth District— lf Dan Burns
needs my vote he can have It. I will be
only too glad to give it to him.
L. A. DEVOTO, Assemblyman Thirtieth
District— l have never heard, either di
rectly or indirectly, that Dan Burns was
a candidate for United States Senator,
and I have not made up my mind yet how
I shall vote. It is a serious question and
requires consideration.
W. H. RICKARD, Assemblyman Thir
ty-eighth District— l decline to answer the
question.
L. A. HENRY, Assemblyman Forty
second District— l am not ready to an
swer the question.
EDWARD I. WOLFE. Senator Twenty
first District— l do not desire to discuss
the subject except to say that I will go
to Sacramento ■ untrammeledr— pledged to
no man. I will vote for the candidate
who in my judgment will best meet the
demands of the people.
W. H. COBB, Assemblyman Thirty-fifth
District— My attitude on the question of
United States Senator is to stand non
committal until I see what men have the
best ehanres. I will then throw my in
fluence to the man I deem best qualified.
If a better man than Burns has a chance
I am for him. If a less desirable man I
am for Burns.
SENATOR a. E. NUTT, Senator For-
tieth District— l will not vote for Dan
Burns for United States Senator.
SENATOR JOHN H. DICKINSON.
Senator Eleventh District— l will not say
how I am going to vote on the Senator
ship question at the present time.
F. VT. BURNETT, Senator Twentieth
District— l am not pledged to Dan Burns
for United States Senator, but cannot tell
how I shall vote until I reach Sacramento
and size up the situation. I am inclined
to believe that Burns will not be a candi
date.
SWALLOWED A TOOTHPICK-
Serious Accident to Captain Curtin,
the Detective.
Captain Curtin, the well-known detec
tive, is lying ill at his home on Turk
street from the effects of an operation,
recently performed to remove a piece of
toothpick which had lodged in his sys
tem. About a week ago Captain Curtin
enjoyed some fish balls at luncheon, and
when later he was taken sick it was
found that some foreign substance was
creating the trouble.
An operation was performed and it was
found that a piece of toothpick was re
sponsible for the trouble. It was re
moved, and since that time the patient
has been recuperating, but slowly, on
account of complications following the
operation.
END OF PjISTOLESI'S FIGHT.
Judge Hebbard Denies His Petition
for a Writ of Jdandate.
"Judge" L. C. Pistolesi is not a Judge,
neither will he be a Judge. This was de
termined yesterday by Judge Hebbard.
who denied the writ of mandate sought
by the petitioner to compel the Board of
Election Commissioners to count the
votes for the office of Judge of the Supe
rior Court for the unexpired term.
Garret McEnerney, on behalf of the
board, argued that Pistolesi had not been
valldly elected because no proclamation
calling for the election of Superior Judge
for the unexpired term had been made by
the Governor and because the name of
the office was not printed on the ballot.
Attorney Robinson argued on behalf of
Pistolesi, but at the conclusion Judge
Hebbard denied the writ and the case was
ended so far as the court was concerned.
Pistolesi was not through yet, however.
As soon as he left the court he went to
BOTH JURY LISTENING TO THE AEGUMENTS.
Attorney General R. C. White of Delaware occupied the forenoon yes
terday presenting the case for the prosecution. He traced, link by link, the
chain of circumstantial evidence which connects the prisoner at the bar with
the Delaware tragedy. George H. Knight pleaded throughout the afternoon
for the life of Mrs. Botkin. His bitter arraignment of Chief Lees, the police
department and the witnesses for the prosecution created much comment
in the courtroom. The arguments will be completed to-day.
the office of the County Clerk and took
his oath of office. His reason for doing
this is not plain, but it is the opinion In
the County Clerk's office that even though
Pistolesl has been denied the honor of
being a Judge for a few days he is, nev
ertheless, going to enjoy the form of go-
Ing into office and let his imagination do
the rest. ___________
WRIGHT HAS MADE
NO APPOINTMENTS
HE DENIES ANY ONE IS SLATED
FOR ANYTHING.
Anderson Not Promised a Chairman
ship, nor Has He Been Seek
ing Any.
Howard E. Wright, who will ho Sponkor
of the next Assembly, is InceßMd over
an insinuation contained in an expose of
a supposed scheme to be run through the
next Legislature. It is declared that As
semblyman A. Anderson of Bolano is
"slated" as chairman of the Committee
on Elections, and it leads to the inference
that Wright has his committees already
fixed.
"My committees are not decided upon,"
said Mr. W r right, in speaking of the para
graph, "nor will they be until I get to
Sacramento and am elected as Speaker.
I have made no promise to Mr. Anderson,
and I will make no promise to him, for
the elections or for any other committee.
He has sought no favors at my hands,
and I have offered him none, and it is
untrue that he or any one else is slated
for that chairmanship, or, in fact, for any
other. I have considered my committees,
but I will make no promises or appoint
ments until the Legislature opens. Mr.
Anderson needs no defense at my hands.
He has already served a term in the Leg
islature and his record is above reproach.
In making up my committees his qualifi
cations will certainly be considered."
Assemblyman Anderson, who was in
the city last evening, confirmed all Mr.
Wright had said about the statement that
he was "slated" for the Committee on
Elections.
"I have had no conversation with Mr.
Wright regarding his committees." he
said. "I have asked no favors of him
and he has extended none to me."
MRS. BOTKIN WEPT
WHILE THEY ARGUED
Deeply Moved When Both the Prosecu*
tion and the Defense Pictured
Her Life With Dunning.
George A. Knight Makes a Virulent, Aggressive and
Personal Plea for the Accused — Pillories Chief
Lees and the Police Department — An
Orator From Delaware.
np HE arguments have commenced in
I the trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
i- charged with murder. Attorney Gen
eral R. C. White of Delaware occu
pied all the forenoon yesterday In the
opening argument for the State and At
torney George A. Knight performed a
like service for the accused woman in
the afternoon.
The representative of the people traced
in a painstaking manner the links in the
chain of evidence prepared by the prose
cution. One by one the links by which it
is expected to connect Mrs. Botkln with
the murder of two estimable women in
Dover, Del., were fashioned into the
chain which the prosecution has submit-
ted as its case. All the strong circum
stantial evidence that has been brought
out from a host of witnesses was care
fully gone over and the salient features
presented to the jury for its considera
tion.
The close of the Attorney General's ar
gument found the accused woman in
tears and apparently unoonsolable. No
one disturbed her for a time until her
sister finally went to her and spoke com
forting words. Throughout the afternoon,
while her representative was pleading in
her behalf, she sat apart from her rela
tives and riveted her eye's upon the
broad shoulders of her defender. Many
times during his address she apparently
had difficulty in restraining her feelings.
Tears came to her eyes only to he brush
ed aside as though she had determined
not to give way to her feelings. Neither
of the speakers minced their words when
speaking of the illicit relations main
tained by Dunning and herself for a
considerable period.
The methods of the opposing counsel
were entirely different. Attorney General
White made no pretensions to oratorical
ability and did not present a heroic
figure. Attired in a simple suit of brown,
he attacked the work before him after
the manner of a provincial lawyer. His
voice, when pitched in a high key, would
frequently break, and at other times
would sink lower and lower untU the
conclusion of a sentence would be lost
entirely to his attentive auditors. He
alluded frequently during his address to
"the mass of intelligence I see in the
jury box before me." Attorney Knight
did the same thing, but in a different
manner. Mr. White asked the jury to
decide the case according to the evidence
and not to be swayed in their judgment
by the eloquence of the opposing counsel.
He said the law, both human and divine,
was that "whoso sheddeth man's blood,
his blood shall be shed."
George Knight made a much more im
pressive appearance before the jury. Cast
in heroic mold, he accented this by dress
ing in keeping with the occasion. He
was fashionably clad in a Prince Albert
coat of the latest design. He made an
Impassioned address, quoting the Bible
freely toward the close of his remarks.
He was eloquent and forcible, and the
I comment in the courtroom when he
closed was that he had so punctured the
j case of the prosecution and had created
so much doubt that either an acquittal
or a disagreement of the jury would re
sult. There was also much comment on his
bitter arraignment of Chief Lees and of
the Police Department generally. He cited
the Rosser case and other Instances
where through the negligence of police
officials Justice had been cheated, but said
he would not permit a vicarious sacrifice
of this defenseless woman to atone for
the dereliction of the police in the past.
He charged Chief Lees with suppressing
and destroying evidence favorable to the
defendant, and said "his infamous old
gray head has been seen day after day |
in the City of Paris, where he has been |
looking for evidence with which to bolster '
up his case." He dwelt on Chemist Wolf '
of Delaware finding only lump arsenic I
in the candy submitted to him, while j
Chemist Price of this rfty found only i
powdered arsenic. Lees then took ten
lumps, he said, that had been in his pos
session, and upon these being analyzed |
both kinds of arsenic were found. The j
thought of this seemed to overcome him, !
and all the comment he could make was, j
"What do you think of that?" He spoke ]
of the ironing of the wrapper by Chief j
Lees as an "infamous thing." That no \
Chief of Police ever had undertaken to j
make a change in the original piece of
evidence. He alluded to him as "this old j
sunbonneted, decayed, senile fossil, who
could take a fiatiron and blot out from a
portion of the evidence something that
might prove the innocence of my client,
but he would not dare take a knife and
detach anything."
The speaker explained his anger at po- I
lice methods by saying that he. stood by \
a defenseless client and saw the men of >
the department doing things not in keep
ing with justice.
He returned to the charge on the aged j
head of the Police Department later This
time his anger was aroused at the idea
of the bit of seal being found in Mrs. Bot
kin'B room some time after her depar
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ture for Stockton. He said this trie*
was as old as time, but that modern de
tectives would not practice such a subter
fuge. They would scoff at a detective in
Chicago or New York who would be guilty
of such a clumsy trick. He then inuulged
in a bit of prophecy regarding Chief Lees,
saying: "The monument of this old gray
haired man as the head of the Po
lice Department is about to be completed.
Another will soon take his place and this
decrepit man will retire. That will be the
end of a man who has never borne a
good reputation in the profession with
which he has been connected. This is tne
last time the spectacle will ever be pre
sented in a court of justice in this city
of that man ironing out testimony and
thus changing its appearance."
Mr. Knight said he was making no ap-
peal to the jury for merry; it was only
justice he had asked for. and said he
had raised his voice against the infa
mous practices of an infamous police de
partment. The speaker descended to vi
tuperative abuse in his handling of the •
witnesses for the prosecution who had tes
tified to matters vital to the case of
his client. Mrs. Harris, who throughout
the trial has been his pet aversion, he
called "a cat— a degenerate female with
a peculiar mentality like that of the
Sweet Pea girl, whose only desire was to
gain notoriety at any cost."
He paid his respects to Expert Ames
thus: "If ever a brutal wretch lived on
this earth it is that old pen-harlot Dan
Ames. There is ;i man who would have
no compunction in swearing away a hu
man life. So infamous have these pen ex
perts become that the lawyers of the East
are taking steps to protect themselves
from these men they cull hired liars for
pay."
Mr. Knight dwelt long on the alibi
proved for Mrs. Botkin. in which it was
shown that she was in Eureka when one
of the anonymous letters was postmarked
in this city. He then questioned the box
of candy ever having gone across the
continent, and suggested that possibly Dr.
Bishop had inserted the poison after his
patients had died in order to take the
attention of the public away from ■
himself. He was disgraced in his
own city for allowing two pa
tients to die under his hand without
knowing what had caused their deaths.
The doctors had permitted Mrs. Dunning
to die and did not know what was tiie2
matter with her until Dr. Wolf had ana- :
lyzed the contents of the box of candy
and found therein arsenic.
He then hinted at the possible enemies
old Mr. -Pennington might have developed
in a lifetime as an attorney and as a Con
gressman. If he had made no enemies
then his life had been in vain. He direct
ed suspicion toward the Postmaster and
finally upon all the women who at one
time or another had been the companions
of Dunning in his revels. He railed at
The "fettered fingers" of the press and
asked that the .fetters be removed and
that all said in the courtroom bo spread
broadcast to the world.
Throughout his address Mr. Knight
claimed- that no motive had been shown.
That Mrs. Botkin had Dunning to her
heart's content without the death of his
Wife, and there was no reason to stoop to
murder. He attacked Dunning bitterly.
Baying in mock heroics: "They attacked
Mrs. Botkln's character because of her
life with- Dunning. This was only, per
mitted in such a case to show motive.
what say you of the other nine women
who have shared his bed and charms and
whose names have not been mentioned?
we don't know whom he has defended,
this line man, who would go to jail rather
than toll the names of these women That
•It- talking about gentlemanly conduct
and •Rearing. Because this woman share i
his i.e.! she murdered his wife, could not
that be said of the others?"
The courtroom was thronged during the
afternoon. t. Judge William P. -,-Lawlor oc
cupied a seat upon the bench as the guest :
of Judge Cook, while Garret McEnerney,
I>. M. Delmas- and other celebrities lent'
their presence to the brilliancy of the as
semblage.
Whatever the result of the present trial
of Mrs. Botkin may be, an acquittal or a
disagreement, she will not be brought be
fore the bar of justice again. In the
event of a verdict of guilty, which the de
fense declares is not possible, the case will
ero to the Supreme Court and the juris
diction of California courts will be denied.
In such a contingency Mrs. Botkin will
necessarily remain in jail until a decision
is rendered. '
Should the jury disagree the defendant
will not" again be placed on trial, because
the Delaware witnesses emphatically de
clare they will not remain here nor "will
they return to testify at a second trial.
iJrs. Downs, Bishop and Wolf are exceed
ingly Anxious to return home, and they
will probably leave for the East to-night
or to-morrow. They have received from
Chief Lees the money they are entitled
to Lor transportation, hotel expenses and
witness fees and have made all prepara
tions, to depart. These "professional gen
tlemen, are not particularly impressed
with the methods of our courts, and they
assert their belief that if a conviction of
the defendant is not secured now it never
will be and they would be only wasting
time and. making useless personal sacri
lice by returning or remaining here.
"Dunning, the principal witness for the
prosecution, .also desires to get away as
quickly as possible and as Boon as he can
do so he will depart. From here he is
gping direct to Havana, where he will
net as correspondent for the. Associated
Press. '
John B. Pennington and the other Dela
ware witnesses believe it would be futile
to attempt to try the" case again if this
trial results favorably to the defendant.
Before the case opened, the prosecution
announced that Mrs. Botkin would be
tried for the murder of Mrs. • Deane if
she was acquitted of the charge of kill
ing Mrs. Dunning, but the evidence in
both, cases is the same* and if the de
fendant cannot be convicted of- one mur
der it is not within the bounds of possi
bility she would be found guilty of the
second. . '
In opening his argument Attorney Gen
eral whit( counseled the jury not to let
their sympathies influence them in reach
Ing a decision as to the punishment to. be I
meted out to the defendant. •" She was not
to be considered in" the matter, and they !
were not to think they were doing wrong ;
In taking a human life. If she were guilty ,
they were bound under their oaths to
administer the laws. He then told of the
chain • ■:" evidence that reached from the
Golden Gate to Delaware, the Diamond
State, and encircled, the.' "woman then on
trial. He traced the 'box' of candy from
the moment of its. receipt' at the post
office until It was delivered at the Pen
nington' homo, and partaken t)f/b.v the la
dies ipf the household and.- their' guests..
He then told of the death of the two
women with .all the f-yinptoms of arsgn-
Ical poisoning- attending their '. demise.
Ho then turned to the various .articles
that form exhibits in 'the case and pointed
out the .parts, they played in the great
tragedy. '•. -•■:•>■' ..■:.*:"■'... ..u: c •-.. '. .
He said . three methods of identification
had been, given all mankind -by; God in his
wisdom. Thes* 1 were .the features of " the
face, the . k : .hand writing and the human
voice. The Identity', of r the- guilty one in
this case was to 6e shown by. the hand
writing, and with the specimens before
them the jury could have no difficulty in
fixing the responsibility, he said. He told I
them not to examine the writing as ex>-
Verts, but as business men, and he held
they couiu not tell the various exemplars
one from another, a* the writing was all
the same. . ■ «§£*£■ '
It was here the Attorney General made j
the on.- weak point of his argument. He
Bald Mrs. Punning undoubtedly, recog- I
i leed the writing on the wrapper that en
circled the box of candy as being that I
(if the kind friend Who had taken so much i
Interest In her aa to write anonymously
to her regarding the conduct of her hus
band. It has been testified to repeatedly
that Mrs-. Dunning did not .look upon this |
writer as her friend and had given or
ders that nothing in that handwriting be
>Miv< red to her. The sneaker went on
to connect Mrs. Botkin with the purchase
of the randy as another link in the great
rhain of circumstantial evidence. He then j
reminded th>' jury of the statements made
to Miss Livernash and to Mrs. Ruoff by
the accused woman when the deaths of
women were first made known to
her and the effect it had on her. He laid
particular stress on the fact that Mrs. j
Botkin discussed repeatedly the fact of !
there being three anonymous letters, j
W-hen no one except the sender of th<\m i
MTr. Pennlngton knew there had been i
three received.
He asked how the defendant knew- there
were three letters and how she could de
tail ti> Mrs. Ruon* their contents.
At this point the speaker Introduced
Druggist Green's testimony, but Mr.
Knight objected to anything being quoted
from it regarding the purchase dv Mrs.
3<.itkin of lump arsenic. Dr. Terrill was
then held up as one witness for the de
fense who had his dates mixed.! it being
claimed he visited Mrs. Hot kin either
Monday or Tuesday, and not Sunday.
Ho spuki at the alliance between Mrs.'
Potkin and Dunning as being born only
of the devil. "Take him when he lays
bare his life." he said. "It makes man
hond and womanhood hold their heads in
shame. Here was an infatuation without
parallel. Why so no one knows. Even
defendant could not tell. She would 1 not
sever her relations with her affinity;
hence the motive of ' this crime." She ,
had never given any manifestations of
sympathy for any other- mendicant nor
for her own husband. He traced their
life in this city, reveling in. the haunts. of
sin and vice. In closJng. he made a plea
for the sisterhood of States and askod the
jurymen when embarking on the realm of
sympathy to make a fair division between
Richest
Elite Limoges French Cl l ina
Decorated in sprays of purple
flowers and gold tracings on
ivory body with scalloped
pold edge. Dainty shapes
ftread and Butter, Cake
and Dessert Plates, Mous-
tache Clips, Tea Pot, Puff
Box, Sugars; Cream Sets,
Pin and Comb Trays,
Jewel Stand and every-
thing that's handsome
Inducing prices .
Great America n Import'gTea Co,
£6 1 Market, oi. Powili 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 141 ft Polk St.
2iH ihirJ-t. 1816 DevlsaderoS*.
608 Kearny St. 2008 Fillmore Si.
146 Nint.i St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 . Misst n St. HBO Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3295 Mission St.
855 liayes St. 32 Market St. .
OAKLAND STORKS:
1053W ashin-ton.M 131 San Pablo Aye.
917 Broadway. 610 £ Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
Al AM!. DA — 1355 I'Btii St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogue*
the defendant and the child of the dead
woman and her surviving relatives.
Mr. Kinght told of the responsibilities
of a juror and of a man defending a per
son charged with the crime of murder.
He said that the very charging of a
woman with murder by the use of poison
prejudiced people against her and half
convicted her. He dwelt on the heinous
ness of the present crime and then passed
to the Florence Maybrtck and the Drey
fus cases as samples of innocent persons
convicted of crimes in which they took
no part. France, he said, was tottering
in the balance because of the outrage
done to Dreyfus. He ppoke of "the fumes
of the Rosser trial stinking through the
door," but did not Want the dereliction
of the Police Department In that case to
be made up for at the expense of his
client.
"The police," he said, "may say things
have occurred near here, but they cannot
on their own wrong build a monument on
this woman." He went fully into the mat
ter of a motive in this case. "It was not
for Dunning, the dissolute brute," he said,
"She had him. He was an incumbrance
upon her. She nourished him, fed him.
Ho came to her in the dead of night and
she warmed, fed, clothed and pittied
him. Did she want him? She had him.
Like' Elizabeth of, old, she pledged
the jewels in her crown for him."
There was a left-handed compliment for
Mr. White. "The Attorney General of
Delaware touched but lightly on any
phase of the ea-se." H* also warned the
jury not to construe the evidence toward
guilt, but toward innocence. Proof abso
lute was what was required, and he
claimed not a scintilla of proof had t>e«n
offered to connect this woman with the
crime. He let .fly at Expert Ames, again
calling him "that scoundrel Ames, the
maggot-breeding fly."
"Chief Lees," he said, "was going to
have you make up your minds to hang
her. any way. If you want to kill her,
send her some poison in her coffee or have
some one stick a knife In her back as she
Is going down the corridor, but don't com
mit legal murder." He said Mrs. Botkin
was suffering because she had not led
that life of high ideals we all admire so
much. She was not on trlul, however, for
her violation of the marriage laws, but
for murder. Blot out her previous sins,
and try her by the evidence, he Said.
ALLOWED A LOW
TO GET CONTROL
A STINGING NORTHER HURRY-
ING TO DAKOTA.
Its Spiral Path Includes This State.
All Moisture Following It
Along.
There is something wrong with the
weather sharps In the interior. They have
let a "low" settle down In Montana or
Idaho or Dakota, and as a consequence
the little rain California has had is get
ting licked up by a stinging norther blow
ing cold and sharp from a "high" off the
Oregon coast. Wind blows from a "high"
spirally toward a "low," and that is why
this coast is Buffering from the negli
gence of the interior weather makers.
Eureka announced the coming of the
norther first. Then it picked up Point
Reyes and the Sacramento Valley, and,
spreading over the State, it swept down
the San Joaquin Valley, speeding for Te
hachapl and the desert beyond.
The "low" was a British production. It
started north of the line and should
never have been allowed in here at all,
but it slipped past the weather offices
and first gave warning by twirling the
wind vanes until they whirred in protest
against overwork. Then Nevada became
infected and arranged a little "secondary
depression" — an incipient low — of her
own, and the wind turned toward the
sage-brush plains and is now carrying
large clouds of Nevada over into adjoin
ing territory. Seventy miles was slow tor
Nevada for a good part of yesterday,
and unless she gets rid of her low she
wilt get it worse to-day.
Here at home the storm will last all
day to-day,' and there will succeed a cold
snap that will raise the price of over
coats. The souiii will be in a windy up
roar until to-morrow and then the cold
wave will visit there. But there will be
no rain— and what little moisture Is in the
State will fly along with the hurrying
wind.
Forecaster Hammon says this ia the
worst norther of -the season, but he does
not think it will do any damage on the
bay.
Mr. Hammon is still on Mount Tamal
pais, but he is coming down next Satur
day or SundaV. He has prayed for rain
and threatened, and scattered salt around
his door and has fondled black cats, but
he can see nothing ahead but clear skies,
so he is coming home to await develop
ments.
Snipping along the front was warned
to look out for the norther, and accord
ingly all the vessels at the wharves be
tween Market street and Meiggs Wharf
got out extra mooring lines and prepared
hay fenders. At Point Lobos at 6 a. m.
the wind was blowing eight miles an hour
from the south, at 8 a. m. It was six
miles an hour from the northeast, at
noon thirty miles from the northwest and
'at 3 p. m. forty-four miles from the north
west. At Point Reypp the wind opened
up at thirty miles an hour from the
northwest at 8 a. m., and at noon had in
creased to fifty-five miles. At 3 p. m. it
was howling at the rate of seventy miles
an hour.
There was v slacking down of the gale
on the bay at 7 o'clock and a sudden in
crease of the wind force at 9. Along the
seawall at Meiggs wharf the storm fairly
hummed, kicking up a heavy foam-capped
swell that pounded against the dock pil
ing with tremendous power. The only
vessel at the seawall was the British ship
Fannie Kerr, which tugged at her seven
wire hawsers till they were tentioned like
fiddl-e strings. Fortunately she lay bow
on to the w4nd, which prevented her from
banging against the wall and damaging
herself.
The little quarantine steamer Sternberg
at Meiggs wharf rolled and beat against
the spring piles as if Bhe would shake the
smokestack out of her. The gasoline
launch Brink, bound out to the steamer
WeyfleM with a party of customs offi
cers, shipped several heavy seas and came
near being swamped.
At 10 o'clock the wind suddenly died
down and the air grew perceptibly colder
but the lull was but a temporary one
AN AGED MASON DYINGh
J. T. Jennings, Now in His Ninety- !
Second Year, Not Expected
to Survive.
j J. T. Jennings, residing at 43 Van Ness ;
j avenue with his daughter, a Mrs. Alex- [
I ander, is lying at death's door, and is
! given up by his attending physician, Dr.
Charles V. Cross. Jennings Is now in his
ninety-second year, and up to Christmas
day had never known what it was to be
confined to his bed by sickness. He was
born in England, and on attaining his
majority joined the Masonic fraternity.
i and remained an active member for over
; seventy-one years. He is probably one of
j the oldest master Masons living. The '
: last time Jennings participated In any of
: the craft's festivities was on October 12 ,
last, when the Grand Lodge dedicated i
( the widows' and orphans' home at De- !
. coto. On that occasion, notwithstanding
j his advanced age, he marched at th«
■ head of the procession from the railway,
• where the cars stopped, a dlstahce of ;
; three miles, to the site where the building
stands.
Jennings arrived in California in 1850, j
and settled In Sacramento, where he ob- |
tamed work in. the stores of the future
railroad magnates of the State— Stanford,
Huntington, Crocker & Co. While in the
I employ of this firm he acted as the col- |
I lector for the house, and when they gave
the store business up he entered the
service of Senator Stanford as his private
collector.
Jennings' wife died about three years '
ago, and at the time of her death the :
aged couple had the honor of being great- '■
gfeat-grandpar.ente. . At a late hour last i
night Dr. Cross' considered Jennings' case
almost hopeless, as he had had a relapse.
His trouble is an attack of pneumonia, i
which he contracted on Christmas eve
while out with the younger members of
his family making holiday purchases.
Suspected Counterfeiter.
The police believe that a man arrested
In St. Helena Tuesday under the name
of. Charles Ring for petty larceny is
Charles Irwin, an ex-convict and counter
feiter. Irwin is wanted for having a
complete outfit of counterfeiter's tools in
a deserted house near San Rafael. Irwin
is well known to the police here, having
been arrested several times on serious
charges. Ab.oyt ten years ago he was
convicted of counterfeiting and sent to
THE SAN FftANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, DECEMBER 29. 1898.
| San Quentin. After serving several years
he was pardoned. Six years ago he and
, a man named Williams were arrested on
a charge of counterfeiting. Irwin got five
years and Williams eight years
BOXER JEFFRIES MATCHED.
Will Meet Joe Kennedy Before the
National Club Late in
January.
The proposed match between Jim Jef
| fries, the big Los Ang-eles boxer, and
i "Denver" Ed Smith has fallen through
and In its place has been arranged a
meeting between Joe Kennedy, the local
heavy weight, and the hard hitting man
I from the south. This match was in the
; air for a time, but was lost sight of when
negotiations for a match between Cor
bett and Jeffries were pending.
The men will meet in Woodward's Pa
vilion on January 27. under National
Club auspices, and will box twenty rounds
1 for a purse made up of 60 per cent of the
; gate receipts. This will be divided 65 per
, cent to the winner and 35 per cent to the
! loser.
Kennedy was Sharkey's sparring part
ner for a long time and Stood a lot of
punishment at the hands of the burly
sailor. He is a clever two-handed fighter,
and possesses a cool head and has a
punch that should stop any man's gallop
if it is landed. There will not be much
difference in the weights of the two men,
Kennedy scaling over 190 pounds.
Jim McDonald will referee the bout.
The men have agreed to hit with one
arm free, thus having to protect them
selves in the breakaways.
DUTY FOR GENERAL SHAFTER
An Order Issued Assigning Him to
Command the Department of
California.
An order has been issued by the War !
Department reassigning General Sh;iftcf •
to the command of the Department of !
California, with headquarters in San '.
Francisco. Yesterday General Merriam, j
at present in command of this depart- !
ment, was advised by wire that the of
ficial order had been issued.
Since the Santiago campaign General
Shafter has several times expressed a de
sire to be assigned to his old command.
His remaining family ties, his business
Interests and many of his best friends are I
in California: hence it is natural that he j
should prefer assignment to this depart
ment. He expects to resume command
here on January 10 next.
Will Represent Guatemala.
Felipe Galicia has received the ap
pointment of Consul General of this city
from the republic of Guatemala, Immedi
ately after obtaining the necessary sanc
tion and the usual executive power in
vested by the President of the United
States in all representatives of foreign
governments Mr. Galicia will commence
hia official duties.
Will Have a Fire Engine.
Judge Coffey made an order yesterday
allowing the executors of the estate of
Adolph Sutro to expend $750 buying
horses and harness to be used in connec
tion with a fire engine that will be loaned
by the city to protect the many buildings
belonging to the estate of the deceased
out by the Cliff.
A TURKEY FOR A PUNCHING BAG.
Arthur Kohler Seeks to Become a Pugilist and
Amateur Athlete.
THE California Market possesses
one of the most novel exponents
of pugilism that ever attempted
to tread the paths of glory.
Arthur Kohler, a young, husky
German, who is employed in the
official capacity as "chief chicken
executioner" in one of the various
poultry stalls In the old market on
Pine street, has mapped out a well
defined course whereby his namo
will undoubtedly descend to poster
ity as one of the most notorious If
not one of the greatest of amateur
pugilists of the century. During
the intervals of time that necessar
ily elapse In the operation of de
stroying the lives of harmless
chlckenß according to the demand
for the palatable carcasses Kohler
has improved every moment In de
veloping his biceps and other mus
cles that are brought into play in
putting an opponent "out." Un
noticed by his companions he has
attempted, with considerable suc
cess, to further his ambition to
become a star "pug." Knowing that
he could not devote as much time to
his gymnastic education as he
would like, he has devised a novel
method of muscle development
which has proved an admirable sub
stitute for the punching-bag and
other paraphernalia used in the
gymnasium.
His sense of ambition Is so keen
that his nights are spent in sleep
less anxiety as to the uncertainty of
future fame. The watchman on duty
FOOD INSPECTORS
GIVEN A HEARING
CLAIM THAT DOCKERY HAD
POLITICAL LEANINGS.
Another Leper Arrives From Hono
lulu and Is Quartered at the
Pesthouse.
The Board of Health met last night to
consider the charges preferred by Chief
Food Inspector Dockery against Inspect
ors J. J. Flannlgan and William Brannan,
who were suspended on the loth lnst. for
falsifying their time slips. ,
Inspector Dockery introduced as evi
dence the time slips for December 13 and
14. According- to these slips the two In
spectors reported at the Health Office at
midnight and did not leave until 8 o'clock
in the morning. Mr. Dockery produced
witnesses who swore that the men did
not report at the hours named and also
that they had left the office before 8
o'clock In the morning.
The accused men then took the stand In
their own behalf. They admitted that the
slips were falsified, but alleged that Dock
ery had at former times Instructed them
to falsify their slips when they wanted ,to
leave early, and Flannigan openly assert
ed that the whole thing was a conspiracy
and that Dockery had trumped up the
charges because Flannigan had worked
against Dr. Clinton during the last cam
paign. He said that Inspector Lehaney
had warned him that if he worked
against Clinton he would be sorry for It.
The matter was taken under advisement
and will be discussed at the next meet
ing of the board.
A communication was received from
Dr. Heresford notifying the board that
another leper had been admitted to the
Twenty-sixth Street Hospital. She is an
English woman by birth, 56 years of age,
find arrived from Honolulu by way of
Vancouver, taking the overland route to
avoid the. quarantine. She. was pro
nounced a leper by the Health Board of
Honolulu in IM»4 and claims that the au
thorities gave her permissoln to leave the
Island provided she could get Into some
other country. She claims to have con
tracted the disease while nursing small
pox patients in the pest house In this
city in 1592. She says she prefers the
local pest house to the island of Mo
lokal.
A communication was received from
Superintendent Reddy acknowledging a
donation of $250 from Mrs. Phebe Hearst
to the Almshouse and a vote of thafiks
was tendered Mrs. Hearst.
Officers Elected.
Court San Francisco, Independent Or
der of Foresters, has elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing term: W. H.
Green, chief ranger; S. A. McDonald,
vice chief ranger; J. K. Willis, chaplatn;
F. A. Mundt, treasurer; J. H. Mahon, re
cording secretary; E. H. Seymour, finan
cial secretary; F. B. Sutherland, senior
woodward; T. J. Desmond, junior wood
ward; J. MaitlanJ, senior beadle; A. 11.
Wohlsteln, junior beadle; F. B. Suther
land, physician; W. H. Adalr is the court
deputy.
Regular Army and Navy Garrison No.
101 has elected the following named: Cap
in the market has repeatedly com
plained that Kohler has made his
way secretly Into the market in the
dead of night to practice his
strength and develop his muscles
on the chickens that have been
killed during 1 the course of tne day.
One instance in particular is cited
whore the watchman was given no
end of trouble by one of these mid
night visits. He claims that Koh
ler stole into the market the night
befora Christmas eve and rained
havoc among the poultry generally.
How long he was there or when he
i-ame is unknown to him. The only
Indication of his presence was had
about 1 o'clock in the morning, when
he was startled by a number of re
sounding whacks delivered on the
breasts of the dead chickens and
turkeys hanging on the hooks in
front of the poultry stand in the
Pine street aisle of the market
and violent muffled whisperings of
enmity and wrath uttered by Koh
lor of "Take tnat, find that, and
that: I can lick anything that
walks. See!" although the birds
were possessed of anything but ac
tion.
At first the watchman thought
somebody was being murdered. He
ran for his revolver that was se
creted in his coat pocket at one end
of the passage way. He began a
roundabout course among the dif
ferent stalls to obtain a position of
vantage over the murderer, who
ho was well convinced was beating
some employe to death. X T pon gain
ing a good position on top of an
ice-house attached to a fish stall
opposite the poultry stall he raised
his head above the boxes on top of
the house and took a survey of the
aisle below before finally command
ing the intruder to throw up his
hands.
Instead of a bloodthirsty footpad,
however, he beheld nothing more
than a confused mass of maimed
chickens nnd turkeys strewn in dis
order on thf> floor and the indistinct
form of Kohler leaning over a mam
moth turkey which he had just
knocked off one of the hooks. He
was bareheaded and had his sleeves
rolled up to the elbows. The per
spiration was literally pouring from
his forehend as he breathlessly
counted bis antagonists out. All
nround him were scores of dead
chirkons. some with broken breast
bones and others with their bends
nnd other parts of their anatomy
completely lopped off.
After exclaiming to the turkey
that he was the fifty-second man he
hnd "put out" within the short
spnee of time of two hours, Kohler
with a supreme air of victory un
rolled his trousers, which had been
turned up above his shoetops, and
started to pick his way through the
mass of dend turkeys, chickens,
ducks, etc, that covered the floor In
all directions.
Tpon finally extricating himself ho
pinned on bis Innumerable electric
diamonds to the most conspicuous
positions on hifs necktie and vest and
walked over to a deserted chicken
coop. In the hidden recesses of which
he unearthed other articles of jew
elry which be deemed the most val
unbie and had hidden there purpose
ly that they might not be lost dur
ing his pugilistic encounters with
the poultry.
After these had been carefully
stored away on his person he start
ed to crawl under one of the guard
gites erected at the northern end of
♦he Pine street aisle of the market.
He hadn't gone n dozen steps, how
ever, when the watchman heard him
say, "Mv God. T forgot me leg de
velopment!" He retraced his steps
to the chicken coop, where he again
deposited his valuables. He then
d'srobed entirely, with the exception
of his under gnrments. and started
to circuit the entire market on a
dend run.
The watchman wishing to have a
hand In the fun, secreted himself
behind a huge section of beef in
front of a meat stall and await «vl
Kohler's arrival from the opposite
end of the mnrket. As he passed
panting like a frightened deer the
watrhmnn lumped into the nisle,
"squared off" nnd tolu Kohler to
come on: thnt he would jrlve him
more real fighting in a minute than
he has ever seen during his entire
career as nn amateur pugilist.
Down Kohler went on all fours,
pleading like a frightened school
boy for the watchman not to hit,
him. and he would make it all right
with htm. He protested that he
just wanted a little exercise and
didn't mean to harm the chickens.
The watchman gave way in his
determination, but demanded that
Kohler pick up every chicken and
restore it to its original position on
the hooks. After about an hour's
work he succeeded in getting them
back to their original positions. He
wns then allowed to dress himself
and make his escape through the
guard gate. unon. gaining which he
started on a dead run toward Cali
fornia street.
i tain J. F. Fitzgerald, commander; Rich
ard L. Deverell, vice commander; W.
! Grosh, deputy commander; A. R. Holt
\ zied, paymaster; J. Lansendorfer, quar-
I termaster; John Nygren, officer of the
day; George Molitor. officer of the guard.
GHOST OF THE BLYTHE CASK
Mrs. Florence Hinckley Will Have to
Pay an Old Debt.
In the early part of 1892 Mrs. Florence
Blythe-Hlnckley and her husband made
out two instruments in writing by which
they promised to pay to Thomas I. Ber
gin the sum of 115.442 for moneys, etc., ad
vanced by him during the contest for the
estate of Thomas H. Blythe. The promise
made was to pay the moneys a year after
the case was determined by the courts,
and Florence was placed In full possession
Of the property of her father,
■ci v. 6 Ber B in w a 8 obliged to sue the
.Blytnes for the money, and they contest
ed his right to do so on the ground that
the case had not been finally settled— at
least It had not been settled one year be
fore the beginning of the action.
In the lower court Bergin was success
ful and judgment was given in his favor.
The Blythes appealed the case to the Su
preme Court. That tribunal reviewed all
of the cases branching out of the main
cause and decided that they had all been
disposed of at the time the action by Ber
gin was begun. Hence the judgment of
the lower court was affirmed and the
Blythes will have to pay the money and
interest.
BONDS ARE ALL RIGHT.
Broderick Will Accept Corporations
as Sureties for County Officials.
Auditor Broderick denies the claim set
Up by Mayor Phelan that newly elected
county officials must find personal sure
ties for their bonds, and he says he will
accept all bonds brought to him with cor
porations or surety companies named aa
the sponsors. The announcement that
Mayor Phelan would accept no such se
curity raised a good bit of a storm yes
terday among the officials his decision
affected. Most of them had applied to
the surety companies, and as they had
only three days more in which to file,
their papers they were at a loss to know
what to do in the matter. Mr. Broderick
came down to his office in the afternoon
and after looking over Mr. Phelan's law
and that in the codes he discovered that
section 66 of the county government act
upon which the Mayor based his decision
is not operative in this county for the
reason that it has never been applied, and
the present government is not working
under its provisions. Basing his opinion
upon the consolidation act, he announced
to all who were interested that their
bonds would be accepted whether they
were backed by corporations or individ
uals, so long as the sureties were respon
sible. Mr. Broderick also says that the
bonds do not require war revenue stamps,
and in this he has relieved another worry.
BLOCK BEHIND TIME.
Delays the Auditor's Report of Mon-
eys Due the State.
Rattled by the overdraw that he has
accomplished on the funds of his office,
Tax Collector Block has not yet filed his
statement of the late tax collection, al
though Auditor Broderick has been after
him for it for the last three weeks. The
Auditor is obliged to prepare his regular
statement of moneys due the State for
the State Controller before the year is
ended, and yesterday he quit waiting and
fixed it up as well as he could without
Block's assistance. It is as follows: ■/■■•,
.Gross Due the
Collections State.
Personal property tax
(unsecured) $ 443,096 78 $ 117,027 2*
Real estate taxes 3,094.457 85 £36,154 64
Personal property (se
cured) 778.033 78 210,234 18
Delinquent taxes on . ->• .-...v:
redemption 4.973 B9 4.973 54
Due Whlttlei- School. 2,941 65
Due Preston School.. " 2,143 73
Taxes previous to 1893 1(5,491 85
Due EklrldKe Howe.. , . .. .10,752 50
Collateral inheritance
tax to May 2, 1898... 14,570 65
Collateral inheritance
tax to December --. 7, : . :
Poll takes.;.*.*..*..*:,*.*.*.* 24,801 . 59,462 54
Poll taxes 24,801 20,629 6&
Total .....:. ............... tt.2»a.«84 24
BIG SALE OF PROPERTY.
Irving M. Scott Disposes of Two
Fifty- Vara Lots on Laguna
Street.
The two flfty-vara lots on the easterly
line of Laguna street, extending from
Washington to Jackson streets, have been
purchased by Mr. Irwin of Honolulu, 'me
seller is Irving M. Scott, who bought the
property in 1893 from J. B. Randol. Bald
win & Howell are interested in the sale
with Shainwald. Buckbee & Co.
The property has a commanding marine
view, and at the same time is opposite a
Eublic square. It is surrounded by the
ne residences of Henry J. Crocker, W. F,
Whittier, Mrs. Dunphy, M. H. Hecht and
Dr. Barkan.
Mr. Irwln intends to erect immediately
a modern stone residence and stable, to
cost not less than $150,000.
ASSERTS HER CLAIM
UPON THE DEAD
UNKNOWN WOMAN DEMANDS
THE BODY OF H. M. PEARCE.
Says the Deceased Is Her Long-Lost
Father — Complete Mystery Sur
rounds Her Identity.
PEARCE —In this city, December 26, IS9B.
Henry M., ilearly beloved husband of Mary
Pearee, and father nf Mrs. Joßeph Mclls, Mrs.
B. A. D. .Jones and Nelllle O. Pearce, a na
tive of England, aged 63 years 10 months and
9 rtnys.
(TT Friends are respectfully Invited to at
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 11
o'clock, from his late residence, 1625 Oak
street. Interment private.
Around the above death notice is woven
a mystery. Early yesterday afternoon an
elderly woman called at the Morgue arid
asked to see the dead body of Henry M.
Pearee, who, she claimed, was her long
lost father. She presented the above no
tice and stated that she had vfsfted the
late home of he:r' father on Oak street,
but his relatives denied that he was
there. She again visited the Morgue and
the officials told her to go to police head
quarters and tell her story to Chief Lees.
Whether fche d-- this or not is un
known, but up' to a late hour last night
no effort had been made by the police to
force the Pearce family to comply with
the wish of the woman to view the body.
The Morgue officials seem to think that
the claimant is a demented fiend, whose
momanla is that- of reading the various
published records of death and imagin
ing that she bears a relation to different
people whose names appear in the death
notices. Others seem to think the wo
man's Btory is true and credit it abso
lntely.
At the late residence of the deceased,
however, they refuse, absolutely to allow
any stranger in the house.
The funeral, as the notice states, In
strictly private. Where it will be held is
unknown. These and other circumstances
consequent upon the death of Pearce lend
a certain color to the story of the mys
terious woman.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brnmo Quinine Tablet!. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
Be, The frMiulne has I, R O. on each tablet.
Bogus Quarters.
Some handy man has caught the com
bination of making real lifelike quarters
and floating them on the holiday crowds.
Nearly every one of the big houses has
been victimised to a considerable extent
and all have at least a few dollars rep
resented by the light weights BO cleverly
fashioned. The weight of the coin is its
only telltale, otherwise it Is practically
perfect, and with aluminum enough in it
to give it the true ring.
A Defective Chimney.
A defective chimney nearly caused a
disastrous conflagration in the neighbor
hood of Clay, between Central avenue
and Lyon streets, last nig-ht. The Fire
Department responded to box 325 and ex
tinguished the lire before it had made
headway and a nominal loss was the re
sult. The hou»e was occupied by Mr.
Nanntngs and owned by Mrs: Margaret
Ross.
IMPORTANT VICTORY OF
ECUADORIAN INSURGENTS
Bu Clever Strategic Military Operations
Theu Captured the Capital of an
Important Provmce.
Special Cable io The Call and the Xew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by Janies Gordon In-nnrlt.
MANAMA, Dec. 28.— Ecuadorian political exiles here have received
a telegram through the Colombian frontier saying that Tulcan was
taken recently by invading revolutionary forces under General Riva
denevia, defeating the government troops.
The Call-Herald correspondent at Guayaquil confirms this news.
The invaders pretended to march on Ibarra with the intention 01 In
tercepting the artillery on the way from Quito for General Arellano's
forces in Tulcan.
To frustrate the revolutionists' strategic plans General Arellano
abandoned his military positions around Tulcan, marching out all his
forces to prevent the artillery falling into the enemy's hands. Imme
diately after the rebels had occupied the town General Arellano re
turned, trying to reoecupy hia lost positions, which at laat accounts
were still held by the invaders.
Important details of the significant battle are momentarily ex
pected. The invading army is said to be largely composed of a
Colombian contingent. Tulcan is situated on the Colombian frontier.
It is the capital of Carchi province and is well fortified. Ibarra is
situated between Quito and Tulcan.
NEW YORK, Eec. 28.— A recent special cable to the Call and
Herald from Panama stated that owing to attempts of the revolu
tionists to invade the country simultaneously from the Colombian
and Peruvian frontiers the Council of State had conceded, extraordi
nary powers to President Alfaro, who had assumed a dictat rship
over the country.
VICTIMIZED HIS
CLOSEST FRIENDS
San Franciscan Wanted
at Vancouver.
GEORGE W. WILLIS' FLIGHT.
HOST OF CREDITORS MOURN HIS
DEPARTURE.
Mining Broker and Promoter Bor
rows All the Money He Can
and Then Decamps for
Other Fields.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 28.— George
W. Wiljiß, one of the best-known min
ing brokers and promoters on the coast,
who came here from San Francisco
about two years ago, has left home
and a host of creditors to try Ms for
tune elsewhere. This fact has been no
secret for a week, but not until to
day, when some of his creditors became
clamorous, was It announced at his
former place of business that he had
"skipped." This evening Willis' flight
is the talk of the streets. It appears
that before leaving he made a clean-up
from two trusting friends. His manipu
lations were so glaring that it is dif
ficult to see how even his intimates
were duped, but they were, to the ex
tent of many thousands of dollars.
A chronicle of Willis' different
schemes worked to obtain money and
keep out of the law's clutches would
make a long story, but he relied for
safety on the intimacy of those closest
to him, who allowed sentiment to im
pair their judgment. Willis seems to
have made a canvass of the biggest
merchants in the place.
The affair has created a great sensa
tion here, ' as Willis was a free liver
and as a man about town was a "hail
fellow well met" with every body, but
he traveled the pace that kills. Mr.
Willis attempted to borrow money at
nearly every office on the street, but,
failing in this, he turned to his friends.
Two intimate friends, it is said, lost
$1000 each and several others from $200
to $500 each. In every case the money
was obtained through false representa
tions and shady transactions.
SACRAMENTO'S POULTRY
AND PET STOCK SHOW
Entry List Includes Some of the
Finest Fowls and Dogs on
the Coast.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 28. — The annual
poultry and dog show of the California
State Poultry and Kennel Club will be
held in this city on, January. 4-, 5, 6 and 7.
The entry list includes some of the finest
dogs on the coast. The last two shows
of the, club- held in this city haye largely
augmented |he ranks of, dog. fancier? in
this section of the State, and many fine
dogs have been imported . from Canada
and the East, which publicly will he seen
for the first time at the approaching ex
hibition. , . ; . .
C. D. Nairn of Oregon will judge the
dogs in the non-sporting classes, and J.
W. Burrell, also of Oregon, will judge the
setters, pointers, spaniels, etc., Charles
Blom of Sacramento will make the
awards in the poultry department.
In addition . to the dogs and poultry
there will be exhibited a number of Mon
golian pheasants, owned by Dr. TV. Wood
of this city, and guinea" pigs and Belgian
hares, owned by J. Spencer and L. D.
Romer, residents of this county. The ex
hibition will take place at Armory Hall,
which is now being put in shape for the
opening. The benching of the dogs will
be better than heretofore, since patent
woven wire stalls will be used instead of
the unsightly stalls of rough boards here
tofore employed. Many or the exhibitors
will have their stalls handsomely decor
ated. An examination of the entry list
discloses the names of exhibitors in both
the dog and ' poultry departments
from all sections of the State. Indicating
that the interest in the exhibition is wide
spread. The lists are well filled in such
classes as the mastiffs, Orent Danes. St.
Bernards, pointers, English setters Irish
setters, Gordon setters, cocker spaniels.
Irish water spaniels, collies, bull terriers,
dachshunds and Italian greyhounds. Sec
retary' Matt Coffery is constantly record
ing new entries.
Hammered His Son.
James Ryan, a shoemaker, living at 872
Howard street, Quarreled with his son
The Enormous Gold Product of 1398.
This will be the greatest sold year in his
tory. From South Africa, the Klondike and
Australia the precious metal is being shipped
In large quantities. It is believed that this
year's output will be nearly double that of any
previous twelve months. The sales of Hostet
ter'n Stomach Bitters are also increasing very
ftt»t, and this year that famous remedy will
cure more people of dyspepsia, indigestion, con
stipation, nervousness and weakness than ever
before.
Frank last Monday and corrected him by
hitting him over the head with a ham
mer, inflicting two ugly wounds. Frank
had his father arrested for battery, and
yesterday Judge Low sentenced him to
six months in the County Jail.
THE NEW GRAND JURY.
It Is Selected and Sworn by Presid-
ing Judge Belcher.
In answer to a summons thirty tales
men for the Grand Jury appeared before
Judge Belcher for examination yesterday
and the following were accepted to consti
tute the new inquisitorial body:
Sylvian Levy, 1427 Fulton street: George EL
Buckingham, 415 Montgomery street; John P.
Henry, 3179 Seventeenth street; Charles B.
Fenn bVi Market street; George A. Newhall,
309 Sansome street; L. Van Winkle, 413 Mar
ket street; C. E. Grunsky, 530 California
street; Charles B. Jennings, 121 California
street; Charles H. Stanyan. 2006 Bush street;
L S Baehm&n, 112 Saneome street; James C
Bourbin, 1309 Steiner street; S. M. Smith. 125
Market street; Benjamin Newman, 125 Kearny
street; E. Danforth, southwest corner Broad
way and Battery street: John Farnham, 317
Bay street; C. A. Murdoch, 532 Clay street; A.
J. McNicoll. Ul Main street; H. M. Black. 221
Broderick street; Thomas Magee, 4 Montgom
ery street.
E. A. Murdock was appointed foreman
by the court, and the oa,th was adminis
tered. Subsequently thejury was sworn
as a body.
In the afternoon the jury met and se
lected L. Van Winkle to act as secre
tary. Organization will be completed next
Wednesday.
A UNIQUE SANTA CLAUS.
Appeared as Jolly Dutch Miller at tha
First Baptist Sunday School.
A novel ffanta ClAus was inf roduoed as
part of the Christmas entertainment at
the First Baptist Church on Eddy street
Tuesday night. f
On one. corner of the stage an old-fa?h
ioned Dutch windmill was erected ahd a
jolly old Santa emerged • from the door
way. He looked up at the sails of the
mill and immediately his face became
troubled, as there was no wind to grind
out his grist. He then bethought him
self of the brownies and summoned them
to his aid. They set to work- with bel
lows and soon had the mill grinding out
grist in the form of goodies' of 1 all sorts-.
which came sliding down a chute. The
mill waa kept at work until every mem
ber of the school, old and young, had
some memento of Christmas, 1898.
Armed With a Revolver.
Solomon Shahaddy, an Arabian, was ar»
him with threats to kill. Solomon's wife
Is the complaining witness. She says she
travels for an Egyptian curio house-, and
every time she returns to the city Solo
mon threatens to kill her unless she givf-s
him money, although she is divorced from
him. For some nights he had been stand
ing in front of her- house at 662 Howard
street watching for her. \Vhen searched
a revolver was found in his pocket, and
he was also charged with carrying a con
cealed weapon.
Grand Duke Cyril Depart*.
The Grand Duke Cyril of Russia left
San Francisco at 6 o'clock last night for
New York, whence he will sail next week
for Italy. He goes by the way of Chic: -
go, where he will stop for a few hours.
Yesterday he was entertained by the Rus
sian Consul and he also enjoyed a drive
through Golden Gate Park and along tho
beach. Genoa is the point in Italy that
the Grand Duke will first visit. From
there he goes to Rome to pay his resi>ects
to the Pope, and then to St. Petersburg.
TO THE
ONE PLACE!
"f/fiiiiii^s^ v ~~
]U> . . ■ •
111 """' * " ' "~
Itiiiifi6o&
We nil love life. But we only love M for
; pleasure. How best. can we insure that? I*.)'
■ being healthy: by .being strong and by being
vigorous. "Hudyan" makes you strong.
i "Huilyan"' makes you vigorous. ; It la unable
to make you strong or vigorous if you »' !1 not
give it the opportunity.. "Will you tr. lt7 1;
is as certain to cure you as it was to ;ure the
IS.OOO people who this day vouch for it. • If
; you v have abused yourself -.do not -ats** >" our
; mind. Be a man! "liudyan" will pake ,yo\i
! that— 'HE. " ■ •"..:.•
Do you see the steps? .They toll- i whole
story. Do you doubt? Now ' if \-,v da is It
too much to ask of you that yi spend 2
cents to find out the 'about "' Hudyan ?
You road what is opposite
AH of the curable ills known ai 1 most cer-
tainly cured at the Great Huds.ntan Insti-
tute.. If you have » copper-color spot you
had better seek advice. Free! . '■
Hudyan Circulars Free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and :llis St&,
EAN '.FRANCISCO, CAUAMERICANS MAY YET
HAVE TO FIGHT THE
REBEL FILIPINOS
Otis and Deweu Instructed to Maintain
United States Authority at Iloilo
"at All Hazards."
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, Dec. 28.
TCall correspondent has the highest authority for the statement that the President has instructed General
Otis and Admiral Dewey to maintain United States authority in Iloilo "at all hazards."
This means that If the Filipinos refuse to surrender the town is to be taken by force of arms, and that
the Baltimore will aid by bombarding. It is hoped and believed, however, that the good sense of the Fili
pinos will prevail to prevent bloodshed.
A prominent army officer who saw the instructions wired to Otis says that General Miller will march
Into the city and take charge in the name of the United States.
The news of the evacuation of Iloilo by the Spaniards and its capture by the insurgents has given fresh en
couragement to the opponents of the Paris treaty, who point out that trouble with the Filipinos will be never-ending
unless we grant them independence.
The President has been studying the Philippine situation in connection with the peace treaty. He is satisfied the
treaty will be ratified by the Senate, and that no amendment will be adopted declaring that it Is not the policy of
this country to exercise sovereignty over the islands. He has received assurances from a number o-f Democratic Sena
tors that they will not oppose the treaty, but will reserve the right to develop their position later as to the future of
the islands.
The President believes that no man can at this time form and hold a settled conviction as to what should be
the future relations of the islands to this country. That is a question over which he believes there may be much dif
ference of opinion. Never by Word or indirect allusion has he given anybody to understand that he will favor the
annexation of the islands, or that he will recommend their Independence. He is listening to the views of others, and
is acquiring all the Information he can get. When public men approach him and ask why such and such a thing
is not done he promptly asks them to give their views as to how it ought to be done. The responsibility is shifted to
their shoulders.
Brigadier General Miller is in command of the expedition sent to Iloilo. The troops consist of the Eighteenth
regular infantry. Fifty-first lowa Volunteer Infantry and a battery of regular artillery.
It is said at the Navy Department that no instructions have been sent to Admiral Dewey to dispatch vessels
to Iloilo. No doubt is felt over the ability of the American forces to compel the insurgents to evacuate Iloilo by the
use of the Baltimore's guns, but there is a hopeful feeling that bombardment may not be necessary.
General Miller's detachment numbers about 2100 men, and it is believed the insurgents have not a greater
force.
When the Raleigh paid a visit to Iloilo the officers were received coolly and suspiciously by the officers of the
Filipino army near the town, who had received orders from Aguinaldo not to have any dealings wfth the Americans.
It is this stubborn and defiant attitude of Aguinaldo which causes the greatest concern. The Government officials
believe that if he were removed from power there would be no difficulty in arranging for the disbandment of the
Filipinos under arms. Should he make up his mind to enter into a contest with the Americans for the control of the
islands, the Government may find it necesary to dispatch heavy reinforcements to both Otis and Dewey. It Is said
even now, despite denials at th* Navy Department, that the orders to the Oregon and lowa were changed since the
receipt of Otis' dispatch, and they will proceed directly to Manila by way of Honolulu, instead of coming to San
Francisco, as had been the plan.
NEW FILIPINO CABINET
IS ANTI-AMERICAN
MANILA, Dec. 28.— The first repub
lican government has resigned over
the question of American intervention
in the government of the Philippines.
The owners of property desire Amer
ican co-operation. The present tem
porary Cabinet, which will exercise
power pending the elections, is very
anti-American. It allows of no Amer
ican co-operation whatever, and wants
to declare a free republic and con
sider the Americans as allies.
It is willing to grant liberal commer
cial treaties with a monopoly ot. mails
and railways and pay the expenses of
the American occupation of Manila.
Trouble due to malcontents con
tinue in the provinces of Tarlas and
Pangaslnian. Insurgent troops have
been sent there to quell the disturb
ances.
OTIS CABLES REGARDING
CAPTURE OF ILOILO
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The fol
lowing message was received at the
War Department to-day:
MANILA, Dec. 27.— Adjutant General,
BOLD STAND OF THE
DUNHAM SUSPECT
Declares He Is Ready to Go to Cali-
fornia if His Expenses Are
Paid.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Dec. 2.5.— The Iden
tity of the suspect held at the -City Prison
has not yet been determined, but to-day's
developments indicate that he 1b- not
James C. Dunham, the Santa Clara
County murderer. There are so many
mark? of resemblance, however, that the
authorities decline to release Church,
alias Wilson, In spite of his vigorous pro
test of innocence. Among the points of
resemblance are age, height and color of
hair, but Church has a tendency to bald
ness. Dunham has a square chin, while
Church has a pointed one.
"I will plead guilty to being. Dunham,"
eald Church, "if the police will pay J4O I
owe in Columbus arid take me and my
wife back to California. I know Dunham,
and he killed some one, I believe.
Church says he lived at Sacramento at
the time of the murder and was familiar
with the case, us was every Californian.
In his opinion. Dunham is dead. He
claims to have a sister, a Mrs. Bateman.
lH'ng In Sacramento on X street.
The theory of the police has been some
what complicated by the statement of a
man calling himself Thomas Ward. Ward
called at the prison to see the suspect.
He told Chief Kelly that he was once
connected with the Hotel Vendome at
San Jose and knew Dunham. He was
Permitted to see the prisoner. After a
(Uj scrutiny, he Informed the officials
that, while there were many points of
■iblance. Church-Wilson was not
;im. When Chief Kelly was told
Ward he sent for him, but found
that he had gone to Newark.
RAMENTO, Dec. 28.— Diligent in
qulrj has failed to discover Mrs. Bate
mat! or anybody who knows her.
ST. J.OUis. Dec. 28.— The police of St.
Louie are searching for James C. Dun
ham, who is wanted in Santa Clara
County California, for murdering an en
tire family of six person's. There is a
reward of $11,000 for his arrest. A letter
to Chief of Detectives Desmond from J.
H. Lyndon, the Sheriff of Santa Clara
County, saya that Dunham has been
traced to the Missouri River and is he
lp vf<l to be in St. Ix)uis.
SAX JOSE, Dec. Sheriff Lyndon to
daj telegraphed to Bheriff George Smith
of ]>es Molnea County, lowa, a warrant
for the arrest of James C. Dunham, the
murderer of the McGiincy family. Sheriff
Smith has a man in custody for a minor
offense whom li<- insists is Dunham.
Sheriff Lyndon 1? awaiting photographs,
pending 'he arrival of which he is not
.')v«-i sanguine.
CLAIMS VAST FORTUNE
IN RAILWAY BONDS
Heirs of the Late Governor Durkee cf
Utah Ask $100,000,000 of
the Government.
XEW YORK, Dec. 28.— 1f the assertions
f the heirs of Charles Dorkee, formerly
rnor of Utah, are well founded, the
National Government may be compelled
t'j pay to them more than $100,000,000 on
•it .if s-)mc PadflO Railroad bonds
which it i? alleged the former Governor
01 his deathnd said belonged to him.
ordlnf !■ the attorneys for the es
tate Mr. Durker- told his wife he had
• 1 to )>e for-warded to the Metropol
politan ICationai Bank in this city a tin I
Washington: I sent Colonel Potter on a
fast vessel to Iloilo on the 24th to com
municate with the Spanish general. Rios.
The latter evacuated on the evening of
the 24th and Potter was thirty-nine hours
late. The insurgents took possession of
the city on the 26th, and Potter found
Aguinaldo's flag flying. - Cannot now re
port the probable results; will not hear
from there for four days, as there is no
cable communication. The Spanish forces
have evacuated all the stations in the
southern islands except Zamboanga and
Mindanao, by orders, they say. from
Madrid. OTIS.
The evacuation by the Spaniards of
all the Philippine ports, as reported by
! General Otis, although doubtless in
; spired by a desire to secure their safety
Iby concentration, undoubtedly has
j done. much to complicate ihe problem
i already presented to the War Depart
: ment of extending the military juris
diction of the United States over the
j islands. ' It will now be necessary to
! expedite the execution of the original
plans and it may be fully expected
that within a week '-nportant events
will have happened in the Philippines.
It Is presumed that General Otis win
! demand the surrender of Iloilo into his
I hands, and this demand may at once
raise the issue between the insurgents
and our own Government of the pos
session of the islands.
The province of Iloilo is set down in
the official directories as having a pop
! ulation of 472.000, and th»' town is the
, second seaport in importance in the
box containing an assignment of railroad
bonds amounting to more than $84,644,000,
but fn>m that time until this, it is al
leged l»y the attorneys, they have been
unable to get any trace of the box.
There was a rumor afloat In 1884. it iB
snid. that some of the bonds passed
through the hands of Grant &. Ward and
the matter w;is called to the attention of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The heirs
are said to have obtained * information
Inter that some if not all of the bonds i ti
question were recovered and lodged In the
vaults of the treasury in Washington.
Since that time the matter has been sev
eral times taiten up by the authorities in
Washington at the request of the law
yers for the Durkee heirs and they have
made strenuous efforts to establish a case
whereby they might prove their rights
to the big claim. Senators. Representa
tives and others in high positions have
had a hand in the effort to bring about a
PLUCKY SPY WHO WENT TO SPAIN.
ENSIGN H. H. WARD, a Californian. connected with the Bureau
of Navigation at Washington, visited Gibraltar, Cadiz, Porto
Rico and other towns in Spanish territory during the war and
forwarded much valuable information to the Navy Department. He
passed as an Englishman.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
Philippine group. It is located on a
river navigable for vessels of fifteen
feet draught, so that very few of our
gunboats would be available to assist
the troops in case it should be neces
sary to take forcible possession of the
city.
The Spaniards have chosen a strong
place for the concentration of their
troops in the town of Zamboanga,
which, as the reports here indicate.
Is strongly fortified and posaessed of
considerable natural strength from a
defensive point of view. It is not doubt
ed that they will be able to maintain
themselves for an indefinite period of
time against the Insurgents, presuming
that they are not cut off from obtaining
supplies from the sea. The town itself
has a population of 21,000.
BUFFALO HAS BROKEN
ALL NAVAL RECORDS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28. — The
1 cruiser Buffalo arrived to-day at Port
Said en route to Manila just sixteen and
a half days out from New York. Thus
I she has broken all naval records up
'to this point in her voyage. She is
needed badly at Manila, as she carries
500 Sailors to relieve the men inDewey's
i fleet whose time has long expired.
settlement and there have been several
hearings in regard to the matter in Wash
ington, but nothing so far has come oMt.
MANY CLAIMS TO BE PAID.
Damages Sustained by Americans in
Cuba and Porto Rico.
WASHINGTON Dec. «._ lmmediately
upon the ratification of the peace treaty
by the Senate the President will recom
mend to Congress the enactment of legis
lation looking to the settlement of the
claims of American citizens for damages
sustained in Cuba. Porto Rico and other
Spanish possessions which formed the
seat of war. Claims to the amount of
$26,000,000 on this score have already been
lodged with the State Department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO RECEIVE A BIG SEND OFF!
IF you are in search of novelty, why you will have it to your heart's content by looking
into our big corner window to=day.
There you will see 7 gentlemen dressed in 7 of the swellest garments of the season.
A silkfaced Tan Covert Top Coat with velvet collar; there's 3 shades of 'em, and
they're beauties; $15 won't buy a prettier Top Coat than the one we mention anywhere.
Then you will see some of the nobbiest Double°Breasted Suits you have ever laid
your eyes upon, in neat Checks, satin faced, just as swell as anything can be.
Then you'll see those pretty Serges, in the new shade of blue, Double and Single Breasted Sack
-.___ . style, that other stores
W-^ Overcoat Departments,
h~f J ) ll^m^w^^^^m-^ s ',££", «w',£
I / I [/ 1 ' r^v%jß^^^SHHiS^ /"^-^ season, and, you're given
(Si I/U . / /\ V 7 f\T^^^^^^\ the free and unrestricted
I I ? A I I A pick of any of 'em, be-^
L JJ LJ ' y\J \ V A If- *k^ J T^f 1 '^ff\iiv\ ginning this very morn'
THE 'FRISCO BOYS.
ESTIMATED COST
NICARAGUA CANAL
Preliminary Report of
Commission.
THREE FEASIBLE ROUTES
MAXIMUM FIGURES SUBMITTED
ARE $124,000,000.
Senator Morgan, However, Believes i
That One Hundred Million Will
Cover the Entire
Expense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Copies of
the preliminary report of the Nicaragua
Canal Commission, of which Admiral
Walker is chairman, have been fur
nished to Senator Morgan and others
interested in the bill now pending in
Congress on that sublet.
The commission has not fully worked
out all the details of construction of
the proposed canal, but the report
simply presents briefly the views of the
commissioners as to the feasibility of
the work and the maximum cost at
which it is believed the waterway can
be constructed.
Three routes are spoken of, viz.: The
old low level, the high level, or Menocal
route, and an intermediate route, and
all of these, Senator Morgan says, the
commission considers feasible of con
struction.
For the purpose of arriving at an
estimate of probable maximum cost the
commission submitted figures on the
low level route, which the Senator says
is considered the longest and most ex
pensive. For this route Admiral Walk
er estimated the cost Avould be $124,000,
000 and Professor Haupt ?123,000,000,
while General Haines added 20 per cent
to the figures because of various con
ditions, chiefly the question of the cost
of labor, which it was thought impos
sible to figure with absolute definite
ness.
The report, says the Senator, shows
conclusively that, the project is an en
tirely feasible one, and that in its con
struction the Government has the
choice of any of these routes. It shows
further, Senator Morgan stated, the ab
solute accuracy of the survey made by
Engineer Menoc.al some years ago.
The Senator believes, however, that
all these figures are too high and ex
presses the opinion that $100,000,000 will
cover the entire cost of construction,
basing the belief on what has been done
in the case of the Manchester, the Kiel
and the Chicago drainage canals, and
on the reduced cost of material and
labor to-day, as compared with what
would have been necessary in the ear
lier discussion of the building of the
proposed waterway.
PANAMA CANAL SEEKS
AMERICAN SUPPORT
LONDON. Dec. 29.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Times says:
At the annual meeting of the new Pan
ama Company to-day (Wednesday) a
long report was read, in addition to show
ing that no definite plan has as yet been
adopted for the completion of the canal.
The report refer? to the American inter
est in the Niearaguan Canal since the
Hlspano-American war, and indicates the
means taken to acquaint the United
States Government and the American peo
ple with the position and prospects of
the Panama canal. On this point it Bays:
"We have offered to place at the dis
posal of the United States every f aril it v
for examining our works and plans, which
will readily convince them of the superi
ority, from all points of view, of the Pan
ama route. They will find in the treat
ies existing between them and Colombia,
and in the facilities allowed by our stat
utes, all the guarantees and advantages
which their national interests can rea
sonably require. The Panama route is
undisputably the maritime highway, which
can be opened to navigation in the short
est time and at the least expense."
Advances made nn furniture and pianos, -with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WHOLESALE DISTRICT
TO BE TRANSFERRED
Plan That Will Revolutionize the
Appearance of a Business Sec
tion of Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 28.— The whole
sale district of Los Angeles is about to
undergo changes that may completely
revolutionize the appearance of one sec
tion of the city. The proposition is to
move the wnolesale district from Los An
geles street to the block that runs from
First and Alameda to Vine.
P. M. Daniel, president of the Pacific
Crockery and Tinware Company, for
months has been quietly purchasing the
block that extends from First and Alame
da to Vine. Mr. Daniel, it is said, has
now control of the entire property. Dan
iel and his associates will erect substan
tial warehouses and supply suitable
switches. The enterprise will cause the
expenditure of $1,000,000, including a cold
storage plant to be erected.
True story of the Philippine Is
lands, by Sol N. Sheridan, special cor
respondent, in next Sunday's Call.
OSTRICH FEATHER
DUSTERS BOUGHT
San Jose's Extravagant
School Board.
PATRONIZING ITS MEMBERS
PARLOR FINERY FOR THE USE
OF JANITORS.
Because of Recent Treasury Raids the
Streets of the Garden City Will
Not Be Lighted Next
Month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 28.— The extrava
gance of the San Jose School Board
continues to attract attention. While
funds have been so short as to cripple
the schools the trustees have gone right
on buying the most costly supplies. In
fact the janitors have been given al
most carte blanche, and what extrava
gant tendencies they lacked in purchas
ing have been supplied by members of
the committee on supplies.
A bill allowed Supervisor F. M. Stern,
who deals in harness, saddles, etc.,
shows the nature of the board's ex
travagance. The Items amount to $150
and the purchases were delivered be
tween August 1 and November 30. The
principal charges are $5 for feather
dusters :ind $4 50 for floor brushes. The
dusters are made of ostrich feathers
and are of the very finest kind. Other
articles are chamois skins and sponges,
but the expensive dusters and floor
brushes make up the major part of the
bill. At this rate it will cost the city
several hundred dollars a year for dus
ters and brushes. A cheaper and as
serviceable article could be purchased
for half the money.
The expose by The Call a few months
ago of Trustee Graham drawing $15 a
month from the city for rent of the
Cottage Grove Kindergarten building
under the assumed name of J. N. White
has been apparently verified. When
the bill was presented for the six
months ending December 16 Graham
gave orders to have the warrant drawn
in the name of Mary McDonald, his sis
ter-in-law. The warrant for $90 was
cashed by Miss McDortald, who ap
parently has an interest in the build
ing and lot. Previous to his having
been exposed Graham always drew the
money himself and indorsed the war
rant.
The City Board of Education— that is.
Trustees Graham, Langford and Ken
yon — are endeavoring to open the kin
dergartens, which were recently or
dered closed because of a shortage of
funds. The opening of the kindergar
tens will plunge the school department
into an indebtedness of from $10,000 to
$12,000 at the end of the fiscal year. It
is proposed to draw on $16,000 that will
be available from the State funds in
June. Opposing this action are Trus
tees Wemple and O'Neil, but they axe
unable to hold the others in check.
The streets of San Jose will be
shrouded in darkness for the next six
months and the belated business man
will have to grope his way home. This
condition is brought about by the fail
ure of the two electric lighting com
ranies to put in bids for lighting the
streets for the rest of the year. At
present the Electric Improvement Com
pany has the contract for street light
ing at $1510 a month. This expires at
the end of the year. Owing to the
shortage of funds the Council decided
to dispense with half of the lights, cut
tins down the cost of lighting the city
to a little over $700. No bids were re
ceived to-day from the lighting com
panies, and Mayor Martin says th<s
streets will not be lighted next month.
Unless new bids are called for darkneus
will prevail until after June 30. A year
ago the same difflcul:y overtook the
city and rhc streets were not lighted for
several months.
This condition arises from the ex
travagance of the old Council.
SAN FRANCISCAN GOES INSANE.
Joseph Elliott's Trip to Ireland Inter-
rupted at Denver.
DENVER, Dec. 28.-Joseph Elliott of
the firm of Montgomery & Co. of Polk
| street, San Francisco, went Insane hers
j to-day. He was on his way to London
| derry. Ireland, on a visit, and carries
I through tickets. When the train arrived
this morning Elliott ordered a cabman to
drive him to a suburban depot, but when
he reached there gave other orders that
aroused the cabby's suspicion that his
passenger was deranged. On the wav
back Elliott rushed from the vehicle Into
a jewelry store and immediately ran back
and gave more incoherent orders. He was
I driven to the police station, where he was
j confined in a hospital cell under treat-
I ment for extreme nervousness. The city
! authorities will hold him till he is fit to
I resume his journey or develops chronio
i troubles.
Booker T. Washington, the
most talented negro in the
South, tells how the dark
skinned races of our new colo
nies should be govermd, in
next Sunday' 8 Call,
34
VIRGINIA FAIR TO
WED A VANDERBILT
BETROTHED TO
THE JUNIOR
WILLIAM X,
Surprise for Gotham
Society.
STORY OF LOVE AND MILLIONS
PROSPECTIVE GROODI TWENTY
YEARS OF AGE.
"Will Complete His Course at Harvard
Before His Marriage to the
California Heiress Is Sol
emnized.
Brutal Diipatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— Since Miss
Virginia Fair, sister of Mrs. Her
man Oelrichs, was introduced
into New York society a few
seasons ago gossips have been
busy engaging her in marriage to this
or that desirable party. Indeed, al
though her sister promptly denied the
various reports they were so quickly
supplemented by others setting out on
their travels with merely a new name
attached to that of the young lady that
when it was recently told over 5 o'clock
tea cups that Miss Fair was really en
gaged and to William K. Vanderbilt
Jr. it hardly caused an incredulous
•'Really!" from those who had heard
an oft-repeated, unfounded tale.
For once, however, gossips were right.
The young lady is to marry the eldest
son of William K. Vanderbilt, and the
engagement was formally announced
to-day. The news was not believed at
firet even in usually well-informed
circles, but when it was confirmed at
Mr. and Mrs. Oelrichs" home the tidings
flew like wildfire up and down Fifth
avenue and good wishes began to pour
in upon the young lady and hearty con
gratulations upon the young fellow who
had won the hand of one of the wealthy
and most popular society girls in New
York.
There was a certain satisfaction, too,
in the knowledge that neither of thnm
had gone abroad in making the choice
for life, but would be identified with
New York as their future home.
While the fortune of Miss Fair is not
to be mentioned — large as it is — in con
nection with the prospects of the future
husband, it is still a great sum, as she
inherited both from her father and
mother a sum variously estimated, but
presumed to be over $3,000,000.
What William K. Vanderbilt Jr. will
Inherit cannot be told. His father's
fortune long since was said to be $75,
000,000, and it is well known that It
has been increased more than once by
millions — how many only Mr. Vander
bilt can say. Were he displeased with
any match his son might make of
course it would result in the latter re
ceiving less favorable consideration In I
his father's will, but Mr. Vanderbilt
pere Is In entire accord with his son's
marriage to this young lady.
If proof of this were needed It Is
shown In the fact that Mr. Vanderbilt
already has arranged a small house
party In honor of his son and Miss
HAS BEEN GRADUALLY
TURNING TO BONE
Ossification Causes the Death of an
Old Soldier in a Salinas
Hospital.
BALINAS. Dec. 28.— John Handly, alias
"Sailor Jack." one' of the most noted
characters of Montprey County, died at
the County Hospital this afternoon of
angina pectoris. He was admitted to the
hospital eleven years ago for rheumatism,
and about six years ago became bedrid
den. He never left his bed since, and
gradually became ossified, weighing at the
time of his death over 380 pounds.
The deceased, who was a veteran of the
Civil War, having Berved in Company C,
Eighth California Infantry, resided In
this county twenty-eight years. He was
born in England 68 years ago, and leaves
no relatives. He will be buried by the
local Grand Army Post, of which he was
a member.
JOSEPH S. WALLIS DEAD.
Pioneer Jurist Passes Away at Hia
Home in Mayneld.
MAYFTELD. Doc. 28.— Ex-Judge Joseph
S. Wallis died at his residence here at 6
O'clock this morning, aged. 73 years.
Joseph S. Wallis wa3 born at Salem,
Mass., October 24, ISi'o. He came to Cali
fornia, ariving at San Francisco on July
19. 1849, on the ship Capital, which sailed
from Boston in January of that year.
After remaining about two years in the
mining sections of Sacramento and the
Middle Yuba River country, he located at
San Francisco nnd became associated
with the law office of William H. Rhodes.
On November 7, 1857, he severed his con
nection with the law office of Mr. Rhodes
and located at Mayfleld, and has ' ever
since resided here. ]n 1559 and ■ 1860 he
was associate Judge with John Moore in
the Court of Sessions- of Santa Clara
County. He was elected, to the Senate
of California In 1862. and represented this
district in the sessions of that year and
1863, during which time he served on the
Important judiciary and- engrossment
committees.
He married Miss Sarah Greene, a na
tive of Ohio, on July T>. IR-54. She owned
the land whoro Sutter built his mill, and
it was on property of which she had been
the former owner that gold was discov
ered in 1848.
Mourning in w oodland.
WOODLAND, Dec. 28.— Robert Fulton
ilester, an old and prominent resident of
Yolo County, died in Woodland this morn-
Ing, after an Illness of ten days. He was
a native of Arkansas and 65 years of age.
He came to California in 1803, and to Yolo
County in 1857. He served one term as
City Trustee, three terms as Supervisor
and one term as County Recorder. At
the close of his last term in office he was,
if possible, more popular than when first
a candidate. During all his public and
private career he maintained an un
blemished reputation, and died honored
and respected by every citizen of the
county.
WILLIAM X VANDERBILT JR. AND MISS VIRGINIA FAIR, Wr)ose En
gagement H as Beer) Announced.
Fair, who will go with him to his
country place at Islip, L. L, on Sunday
to remain over Monday. Mr. and Mrs.
Clarence Mackay are to be of the
party. Mrs. Mackay is one of Miss
Fair's most intimate friends.
Neither Miss Fair nor her fiance
was at the opera to-night, but the en
gagement was the topic of conversa
tion between acts and every one had
only the pleasantest words to say of
this latest and most notable betrothal
in New York society.
Both in Newport and New York Mi?s
Fair was an intimate friend of her
nance's sister, Consuelo, now Duchess
of Marlborough, and was ons of her
girl friends included at the smail wed
ding breakfast. Miss Fair has been
abroad on one occasion with rho
Duchess' mother.
William Kissam Vanderbilt Jr. is
younger than the Duchess of Marbor
ough by a year or two, being about 20
years old.
A Boston special to the Herald says:
William K. Yanderbilt Jr. is a member
of the second year in the Scientific
School and will graduate in 1901. JudK
ing from the preparations he has made
to enjoy life at Harvard he intends to
finish his course. He has a very good
standing In his classes and takes
especial interest in geology. He is very
popular with his associates and during
tpast year has entertained auite
ensively In the select circle of
ilthy students. He is not interested
any athletics other than the game
golf. He is quite enthusiastic over
3 game, being a member of the Har
| yard Golf Club, and has purchased a
GROSS MALCONDUCT
OF ELECTION OFFICERS
Ballots of One San Jose Precinct
Dumped Into the Jellar of the
Courthouse.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 28.— The recount of the
votes cast in the late election took a sen
sational turn this afternoon when the
Ninth Precinct of the city was reached.
The startling disclosure was made that
the ballots of that precinct were not re
turned to the County Clerk after having
been counted, but found their way into
the cellar of the courthouse, where they
were fished out by Janitor Fitzgerald and
returned to the Clerk's office. After prov
ing this by three witnesses, Attorney
Campbell moved that the vote and re
turns of the Ninth Precinct be thrown
out on account of the gross malconduct
of the election officers and the violation
of plain and mandatory provisions of
the law.
Most of the afternoon was spent in ar
gument. Attorney Campbell, for the con
testants, insisted that the ballots could
not be counted, for they had not been
properly returned, and asked that the pre
< Inct be thrown out. Attorney Leib eon
trnded that the official count should be
taken. Campbell said if the official can
vass were taken, i rooked election boards
would have no difficulty in covering up
their frork by burning the ballots. Judges
Kittredge aii'l Hyland took the matter un
der advisement. The Ninth Precinct
will be passed until a decision is ren
dered.
If the Ninth Precinct be thrown out
Langford, for Sheriff will lose 33 more
votes than Lyndon, Lotz for Treasurer
38 more than Conant, and Gass for City
Justice 12 more than Aggeler. This will in
sure the contestants' election.
Owing to irregularities an attempt will
be made to throw out Guadalupe Pre
cinct also.
The Eighth Precinct showed no change
for Lyndon or Conant. Aggeler gained
two. This makes Aggeler's net gain 21.
An unofficial canvass of the vote for Dis
trict Attorney showed that Campbell
gained 8, making a total of 65 not counted
for him in eight precincts.
SMALLPOX REPORTED
IN RAILWAY CAMPS
Frightened Laborers Said to Have
Begun an Exodus to Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 28.-It Is reported
here this morning that smallpox has ap
peared in three camps of railroad laboiers
at Hackberry, Ariz., and at Bagdad, Cal.,
and that the frightened men have begun
aa exodus to Los Angeles. The Santa Fe
Railroad Company sent orders to San
Bernardino to have physicians dispatched
immediately to the camps. The disease is
said to have been brought from Mexico
by railroad laborers.
Andrew Carnegie tells how
he rose front a bobbin-boy to a
millionaire, in nexb Sunday's
Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
large tract of land In Concord on which
he will have golf links.
MISS FAIR NOTIFIES
FATHER PRENDERGAST
Telegram That Is Believed to Have
Contained News of Her Be
trothal.
Father John J. Prendergast. vicar
general of the Archdiocese of San
Francisco, yesterday received a tele
pram from Miss Virginia Fair. Father
Prendergast was for years the adviser
of Miss Fair and is still her most
trusted friend. Therefore the receipt
of the telegram, coming so closely after
the report that Miss Fair was be
trothed to William K. Vanderbilt Jr..
gave rise to the belief amone the
young lady's friends in this city that it
related to her engagement and that she
was seeking the advice of the reverend
father. The vicar-general would not
divulge the nature of the dispatch, but
he did not deny that it related to the
engagement of Miss Fair and Mr. Van
derbilt.
"Until the lady gets ready to speak
I must hold my peace," he said. "As I
have always advised her as to any im
portant move she was about to make,
it w4uld be perfectly natural for her to
seek my advice in this affair of the
heart. However, It would be violating
a confidence should I reveal the con
tents of the message I received from
Miss Fair."
Father Prendergast was asked If It
were not likely that Miss Fair would
come to San Francisco, and that her
marriage to Mr. Vanderbilt would be
ROB V. ROBERTSON
DIES AT PLACERVILLE
Talented Young Editor of the Nugget
Summoned in the Spring of
His Existence.
PLACERVILLE, Dec. 28.— Rob V. Rob
ertson, editor and founder of the I'lacer
vllle Daily Nugget, after a long illness,
died in this city shortly before 10 o'clock
this morning.
Mr. Robertson was one of the best
known of the younger journalists of the
Pacific Coast. He came to this State in
1594 from Chicago, 111., where he had oc
cupied important positions on dally jour
nals. After a time spent on the staff of
the San Francisco Call and Woodland
Daily Reporter, he came to Placerville
in February, 1896, and established the
Daily Nugget. A young widow survives
him. He was a native of Edingborough,
Scotland, and was aged 31 years.
INHUMAN CRUELTY ALLEGED.
Seeker for Divorce Files a Sensational
Complaint.
TACOMA, Dec. 28. - Startling charges
are made in the complaint in a suit for
divorce filed here by Julia E. Rowe
against Lucien E. Rowe. The couple were
married at Centralla, this State, ten
years ago. The wife makes allegations of
fiendish cruelty and a willful course of
neglect when she was ill. She claims the
defendant refused to provide for her,
but when pressure was brought to bear
by relatives he assumed a better attitude
for a while. The acme of cruelty was
reached when, in May, 1895, according to
the complaint, Rowe, for the purpose of
frightening his wife, seized and held
her on a railroad track while a passen
ger train was rapidly approaching, Tne
wife by desperate efforts and the use of
extraordinary strength, it is alleged, re
leased herself from her husband's grasp
and jumped off the track just in time to
save her life.
Another demonstration of his cruelty
took place in June, 1886, it is claimed,
when the husband drew a pistol on her
in a pantry. When she reproved him he
excuspd himself and his conduct by say
ing he thought she was a burglar.
The Rnwes have lived on a farm, which,
Mrs. Rowe claims, was purchased with
her money before their marriage. She
at'ks for $300 temporary alimony and that
Rowe be restrained from disposing of tins
property.
GIRL BURNED TO DEATH.
Horrible Fate of an Inmate of the
Whittier Reform School.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 28.— 1t has just
: been learned here that on Friday morn-
Ing last a young girl inmate of the Whit
j tier Reform School named Lydia Brown
I was burned to death. She was at work
I near a range in the kitchen and her cloth
| Ing caught fire. She rushed out of doors
; and was burned so badly before her
clothing could be removed that she died.
The remains were buried In the cemetery
at Whittier. Her father was an inmate
of the Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica,
but has left on a furlough.
solemnized here. He answered with
out hesitation that it was not and that '
the wedding, should It occur at all. j
j would be celebrated in New York after !
j Mr. Vanderbilt left college. He sooke ;
| so emphatically in this regard as to
I convey the impression that he had been
let into all the secret plans of the j
young people whose names are con
nected in the reported engagement.
The estimated value of the Fair es- |
tate is 512,000,000, half in real and half
personal property. The late Senator j
i Fair in his last will left his entire es- j
tate in trust for his two daughters and :
■ his son, Charles Fair. During their '
j lives they were each to receive a third ,
lof the income. Upon the death of either j
daughter a fourth of the estate was to j
go to her children and after the death
of both daughters half the estate was
to go to the brothers and sisters of the
late Senator Fair, or their heirs.
Charles Fair was cut off with only a i
third of the Income and neither he nor
his heirs were to receive any of the j
principal of the estate. This was be- j
; cause of his marriage, which his father
I opposed. Superior Judge Slack of this I
j city in a decision declared the trust
clause, in so far as it related to real
estate, invalid, but the trustees of the |
will have appealed to the Supreme |
Court from this decision. The children I
of the late Senator are endeavoring to i
have the trust clause relating to the |
personal property also invalidated.
Virginia Fair, on the death of h.^r
J mother, received $1,500,000. This, with
her share of her father's estate in trust j
makes her fortune about $5,000,000.
Miss Fair was educated in the con
vent of the Sisters of the Sacred Heart
in this city. Her trusted friend during
her school days was Vicar General
Prendergast, and since her departure
for the East he has kept in constant
communication with her. She is about
I 26 years of age.
TACOMA BLACKSMITH
FAVORED BY FORTUNE
Disposes of Klondike Claims at a
High Figure to a London
Syndicate.
TACOMA. Dec. 28.— Peter Eariy, for
merly a Tacoma blacksmith, went to
Alaska three years ago and located some
quartz claims near Berners Bay. A let
ter was received to-day from Early in
which he says that after years of
unremitting toil fortune smiled on him
at last. Last fall he and his partner gave
an option on eleven claims to a London
syndicate, the price agreed upon being
$200,000. They have just been notified that
the option will be taken up and cash
paid for the claims about January 10.
Early's share will be $7^,000. He will be
manager of the new company's works
there tor a year at $1000 a month. Early
and his partner have thirteen good claims
left, which will be developed with part of
the cash received from the sale.
J. M. Talbot and Charles Roberts of
Galveston have arrived here to receive
medical treatment and recuperate from
injuries received in the Chilkoot snow
slide, which caught them two weeks ago.
They were en route from Dawson and had
i pitched thoir tent on a mountain slope
thla side of Lindemann. They carefully
selected a mossrcovered spot which no
previous slide had touched. That night
iin immense mass of snow came down
the mountain side. The slide left its ac
customed channels and struck their camp.
Their lives were saved by a large hem
lock tree beneath which they camped. It
broke the force of the slide, though Tal
bot was crippled and Roberts knocked
senseless.
— ♦
CARLSON IN LUCK.
Former Mayor of San Diego Gets a
Federal Position.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 28.— From a private
letter just received here it is learned that
the Secretary of the Treasury has re
cently appointed William H. Carlson, for
merly Mayor of this city and a recent
candidate for Congress in this district,
who two years ago ran independently
against W. W. Bowers for Congress in
the Seventh District and thereby caused
Bowers' defeat, to an important Federal
office, and he has entered upon his du
ties. Carlson is now chief of the new
division of customs and affairs for Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines, which di
vision was created on December 13. He
will have a force of thirty or forty clerks
under his control.
Marysville Pioneer Gone.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 28.— H. M. Harris,
a pioneer resident of this city and presi
dent of the Harris Saddlery Company,
died at home last night of a complication
of diseases. He was a native of Massa
chusetts and 70 years of age. The funeral
will be held on Friday afternoon under
the auspices of the Odd Fellows, of which
order he was a prominent member.
How they catch hares for the
coursing parks, in next Sunday's Call.
SANTA FE LIMITED
TRAIN WRECKED
Four Cars Destroyed by
Flames.
SEVERAL PERSONS INJURED
ACCIDENT CAUSED BY SPREAD
ING or rails.
No One Killed — Fire Due to the Ex
plosion of Gas in th.«
Composite
Car.
Bj*clal Dl«>atch to The Call.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Dec. 28. — The
Santa Fe eastbound California limited
train, No. 4, was wrecked ten miles
east of this city at 7 o'clock this morn-
Ing. The accident happened on a curve
and it is supposed to have been caused
by the spreading of the rails. The en
gine, one Pullman and the dining car
passed over all right, the observation
car, two drawing-room sleepers and
composite car leaving the track. The
wreck immediately caught fire from
an explosion of the gas in the com
posite car, and the entire four cars were
burned up.
Those in the composite car are re
ported badly injured. *^o one was
killed.
The injured are:
CONDUCTOR C. D. BOUCHER, Las
Vegas, both hands and face badly
burned by gas explosion.
FRANK BOPE, brakeman Las Ve
gas, seriously burned about face and
hands.
C. C. FAIRBANKS, Pullman porter,
Chicago, head cut and slightly burned
on face.
M. D. BAER, news agent, Kansas
City, bruised and hip slightly injured.
CHARLES L. HEVEREN, New York
City, slightly bruised on the he id.
A corpse which was en route for
Philadelphia was cremated in the fire.
Physicians from this city were im
mediately taken to the scene of the
wreck and cared for the injured peo
ple, after which they were taken to La
Junta.
The passengers in the first sleeping
car and those connected with the din
ing car service immediately set to
work to rescue and make comfortable
the passengers in the overturned and
burning cars. The injured were all
taken out through the windows and all
were rescued alive, although Brakeman
Frank Bope of Las Vegas was burned
so badly and otherwise injured that his
recovery is considered doubtful. Many
heroic acts were performed in extricat
ing the passengers from their perilous
positions. The composite car was en
veloped in flames within a few minutes
after it was overturned and had it not
been for the timely assistance of the
more fortunate passengers and a part
of the train crew, many would have
suffered an awful death.
Charles L. Heberen of the Hotel Nor
mandie, New York, was rescued by his
wife in a most heroic manner. Heberen
had a bad bruise over the right eve.
also sustaining a sprained thigh. He
fainted and his wife tugged at him
with all her might until she got him
out of the window. Mr. Heberen lost
his overcoat, shoes and hat, and his
wife, who worked so heroically to save
his life, lost all her wraps in the fire.
Mrs. M. B. Rosenberger of Ontario,
California, received a slight contusion
of the right arm. She lost some money
and also some jewelry in the fire. Mrs.
Rosenberger was on a sad mission to
Philadelphia, accompanying the re
mains of her father for interment
there. Her cup of sorrow now seems
to be almost more than a human can
bear, the body of her parent having
been burned to a crisp in the wreck.
All the bagfi-age on the train was
lost, not a single piece having: been
saved from the composite car.
DR. H. SEWARD WEBB
MAY SUCCEED MORRILL
Is a Member of the Vanderbilt Fam
ily by Marriage and Very
Prominent.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— A Washingtrr spe
cial to the Post says: Vermon crs in
Washington think the new Senator from
that State will be Dr. H. Seward Webb,
member by marriage of the Vanderbilt
family. Dr. Webb became a resident of
Vermont several years ago, built himself
a splendid mansion arid takes a great in
terest in politics. He was originally a St.
Louis physician. Of late years he has
been actively and prominently identified
with the management of the vast Vander
bilt interests, Ills special assignment being
to look after the Wagner Palace Car
Company.
With Dr. Webb and Dr. Chauncey M.
Depew in the Senate of the United States
the Vanderbilts will be well represented
in the upper walks of national politics.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— There is much
speculation as to who will succeed Sena
tor Morrill as chairman of the Senate
Committee on Finance. The committee is
generally considered in some respects the
most important in the Senate. It cer
tainly is so at times when financial or
tariff legislation is under consideration,
hut it has Jiot heretofore been of the con
tinuing importance as the Committee on
Appropriations.
Senator Allison, who is now chairman
of the Appropriations Committee, has
since Senator Sherman's retirement stood
next to Senator Morrill on the Finance
Committee, and under the unwritten rules
of the Senate he would succeed to the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UUU I uil iflL ELIIO w* uUi
DISEASES AND WEAKNESS OF MEN ONLY.
ESTABLISHED W NOPAY
17 YEARS. \L ZJW TILL CURED.
CONSULTATION, ADVICE AND PRIVATE BOOK FREE.
731 MARKETsf7SAN FRANCISCO.
chairmanship if he should desire to do 90,
and the best opinion obtainable is that
he will so desire.
Senator Allison declines to discuss the
probabilities, savins that he has not had
time to give attention to the matter. If
he accepts this chairmanship Senator
Hale will succeed him as chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, and he
will in turn be succeeded by Senator
Perkins as chairman of the Naval Com
mittee.
CUBAN SOLDIERS TO
RECEIVE BACK PAY
Three Million Dollar Emergency
Fund May Be Used for the
the Purpose.
WASHINGTON, Doc. 23.— Negotiations
are progressing: in the matter of the pay
ment of Cuban troops, so that on laying
down their arms they may be enabled to
enter upon civil pursuits and earn their
living. Probably no further appropria
tion by Congress will be necessary to en
able the President to carry out the plan if
it should be decided, as it probably will
be, to advance money, charging it against
the revenues of Cuba, to pay the Cubans
part of the money due them for their
services in the Cuban army. Pending the
establishment of a permanent govern
ment, there is no authority responsible
for the payment of these soldiers, and
unless this Government advance the
money as a loan they will have to go
for an Indefinite period without pay for
services already rendered in the war for
independence.
The special deficiency appropriation bill
carries an item of $3,000,000 as an emer
gency fund which the Government may
use for any purpose, and the idea is to
advance the money for the payment of
the Cuban soldiers out of this fund. It
is understood, however, the President has
not yet consented to this arrangement.
MAJOR GENERAL GREENE
OUT OF THE ARMY
Resignation of the Officer Accepted
With Regret hy the War
Department.
WASHINGTON', Dec. 2S.— Major Gen
eral Francis A. Greene arrived in Wash
ington this morning from New York, and
reported at once at the War Department
to Secretary Alger. He came to resign
his commission as an officer of the volun
teer army, preparatory to his return to
private life.
General Greene has been of exceptional
service in the past war, being one of the
first officers of rank to take part in the
campaign in th<» Philippines, and he per
formed most t-ffective work in Havana
after the death of Colonel Waring in re
forming the sanitary conditions there
and assisting the United States Evacua
tion Commission in effecting the change
of property interests. It is with regret
that the War Department accepts his
resignation.
ARMY SANITARIUM
AT A JAPANESE PORT
Surgeon General Sternberg Favors
the Establishment of One at
Nagasaki.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2S.— The Secretary
of War has received a recommendation
from Surgeon General Sternbe-g for the
establishment of an army sanitarium at
Nagasaki, Japan, for the use of the
United States troops at Manila. The rec
ommendation has not yet been approved,
but it is looked upon with much favor,
owing to the desirability of having such
a sanitarium wt-ll away from the Philip
pines and from any possible epidemics
which may arise there. It would re
quire the consent of the Japanese Gov
ernment, but little doubt exists that this
wuuid be given.
SUGAR BEET SHORTAGE.
Market in Germany Stronger Than
for Some Time.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— A deficit in
the German beet sugar crop of at least
350,000 tons 1b figured upon by United
States Consul Diedrich, at Magdeburg.
He says that the backward season re
sulted In a small deficiency. A number
of manufacturers sold fully one-half of
their last year's product at very low
prices before they realized that there
would be a shortage in material, and
the end of November found a number of
factories closed on account of the diffi
culty In getting material.
All the old stocks of sugar in Europe
having run low, the market has been
stronger for some time, with upward
prices. The estimate of the beet sugar
crop for the world accepted in Germany
as accurate is 4,775. f>55 tons, Germany
loading with 1,847,018 tons, and Cuba being
set down as producing 3iK»,000 tons, against
2,537,571 tons In the previous season.
Bullet Ends His Idfe.
JACKSON, Dec. 28.— A man named Le
ferre, employed as a cook at the Louvre
restaurant, shot himself in the breast last
nl^ht with a pistol, Inflicting a mortal
wound. He died this morning. Reports
conflict as to whether the shooting waa
intentional or accidental.
Lad Shot by His Brother.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 28.— 1t develops
that Grover Buckman, the little boy who
was mysteriously shot and killed Christ
mas morning:, was shot by a brother,
seven years old. The latter has admit
ted that he did the shooting. He is not of
strong mind.
Ran Early Day Stages.
BANTA ROSA, Dec. 28.— Samuel Rien,
one of the best known pioneers of So
noma County, died to-day at his home
at Duncans Mills. He ran one of the
first stage lines established in Sonoma
County. He waa 66 years of age.
Well-Managed Estate.
STJISUN, Dec. 28.— The twelfth annual
and final account of Mrs. E. C. Farnham,
trustee of the estate of S. C. Farnham'
deceased, has been filed in the Superior
Court of Solano County. During the ad
ministration of this estate its value has
increased from $195,353 to $332,349.
Football Rivals to Meet Apain.
WOODLAND, Dec. 28,-It la probable
that a return game of football will be
played In this city on January 2 between
the Marysvillo and Woodland teams
Neither team is satisfied with the tie"
which was the result of the last game '
BRUTAL ASSAULT
UPON A WOMAN
Santa Rosa Thug's Das
tardly Crime.
HIS VICTIM ALMOST KILLED
FELLED WITH A BLOW FROM A,
SLUNGSHOT.
Police and Enraged Citizens Search
ing the City, Intent on Wreak
. ing Vengeance Upon
the Culprit.
Special r«sr>at(-h to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 28.— The polic*
of this city, aided by enraged citizens,
are out in a body searching for the au
thor of what was the most dastardly
assault ever made upon a woman in
Santa Rosa. This evening as Mrs.
G. E. Hollister, wife of the pastor of
the First Adventist Church, was re«
turning to her home on Upper Fourth
street, she was attacked by a footpad
and it was only by a narrow chance
that she was hot killed. The affair oc
curred just at the corner of Fourth
street and McDonald, the spot wher«
the mysterious choker who operated
here last winter attacked two well
known young ladies. The place is
dark and well suited to the perpetra
tion of a crime of this nature.
Just as Mrs. Hollister passed into tha
shadow cast by a huge oak. tree tha
ruffian stepped out from behind a bill
board and struck her behind the right
ear with a heavy s.lungshot made from
two cobbles tied in the corner of a large
linen handkerchief.
The blow almost severed the ear from
the lady's head and cut her frightful
ly, but, strange to say, did not knock
her senseless, as the villain must havi*
intended. Instead of falling prostrate
she began to scream at the top of her
voice. Henry Matthias, who lives next
door, heard the cries for help and
rushed out. He immediately gave
chase to the thug, who had started to
run up College avenue. Matthias was
joined by other neighbors, but owing
to the darkness the pursuit had to be
abandoned. The police were notified
and began a systematic search.
The description given by Mrs. Hollis
ter of her assailant is very meager, as
she was too badly frightened to pay
much attention to his appearance. Dr.
Ross, who was called to attend the in
jured lady, says she had a very nar
row escape. At present she is delirious
and he fears the injury may prove
very serious.
It will go hard with the thug if he
be caught to-night. In his haste he
dropped his improvised weapon, which
was found by the officers. This may
lead to his detection, as the handker
chief is of a peculiar pattern.
Torpedo Boat Storm-Bound.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 2S.— The torpedo
boat Davis, which left this port last Fri
day for Mare Island Navy Yard, is storm
bound In Tillamook Bay. The Davis en
countered heavy weather after going to
sea and put into Tillamook, where she
probably will remain until the weather
moderates.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rrsp
YOUNG 1899
is with us, and we are .prepared fon
him with new kinks and ideas to add'
to our superior methods of fine laun-
dry work. You will always find us.
up-to-date In the lead with all the new-
improvements' in this line. Make a
good resolution and bring us your!
shirts, collars and cuffs to renovate,
and we will do them in a manner that 1
is unapproachable anywhere. "No saw-!
edges."
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
■ -i
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Fired. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians ko^ a k
642 Market St. 1
i chronicle building-
we EMPLOY NO agents.
COKE (ME! COKE!
p.' a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKB.
Yards at HOWARD AND. BEALE BTS. \
Baja California
D AMI AN A BITTERS
Is a, powerful aphrodisine and spline tonlo
for • the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseas" of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells an its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonial necessary.
,„ „ NABER. ALFS & BRUKS. Agents.
,«3 Market street, 8. F.— (Send tor Circular.)
ggjgjglDlL HALL'S fiEINTIGORATOJ!
SaSf{ffiH Five hundred reward for any case
Vm B3g we cannot cure. ThU secret remedy
I 1 ptops all losses in -■* hours, cure« t
fcv.i tSSs Emissions, lmpote.icy, Varlcocele.i ;
J>P vSf Conorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
KM • mmi Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
lyßT H fectsof self-abuse or excesses. Sent
&4S2aSE2gg sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles. ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 107314 Market st . S. F. AH pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send 1 for fret book.'OFFICERS CHOSEN
BY THE TEACHERS
BURKE OF SANTA
BARBARA HONORED
Elected President of the
Association.
BALLOTING AT SANT* ROSA
SACBAMENTo GETS THE NEXT
CONVENTION.
Noted Educators Address th« State
Institute and Participate in
Bound - Table Dis
cussions.
Special Dlsi>atch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 2S.— The clerk of
the weather seems to be making a
special effort to win the pood graces of
the educators of the State gathered
here in such numbers this week. Every
day has been almost like one in spring
time and this morning was no excep
tion. As a result it seemed to have
become the proper thing to take a long
constitutional, or at least a short walk
of some kind, every morning before
starting for the convention hall. Both
men and women, sometimes alone but
often together, seem to have adopted
the custom.
Tie session this morning was called
to order at 9 o'clock by State President
C. W. Childs of San Jose. Owing to the
p<">r facilities provided for heating the
Athenaeum the place of meeting had
been changed to the Fifth-street Meth
odist Episcopal Church, just across the
street. The edifice is large, commo
dious and in every way suited to the
needs of the association. It is de
cidedly more cheerful and comfortable
than the theater building and all the re
maining morning sessions will be held
there.
As soon as the assemblage had come
to "rder an invocation was delivered by
I :«v. L. D. Rathbone, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, after
which a trio consisting of Mrs. TV. S.
-Mrs. R. J. Pye and Mrs. Dr. K.
Gale of this city rendered a beautiful
lion.
Professor William Carey Jones of the
University of California delivered the
initial lecture of the morning session.
subject was "Some Prospects of
Californian Civilization." The address
. ed and during the course
Df his remarks the speaker drew an at
tlve picture tending to show what
Improvements the future might be ex
• 1 to present in the field of educa
tion.
An interesting paper was next read
bj Miss Jane Seymour Klink of the
'. "rancisco Teachers' Club upon the
subject of "Teachers' Clubs." She
Sly advocated the formation of
such crKar.izations in every city in the
land, saying that their existence tended
to promote aristocracy of intellect and
the general intellectual advancement of
al! fortunate enough to come within
th~ sphere of thfir influence.
Miss Eliza D. Keith, also a member
of the San Francisco Teachers' Club,
read a splendid paper entitled
'•The School and the Home," which
Bhowed much care in its preparation
and also a keen insight into the con
ditions surrounding both the home and
the schoolroom. She urged the greatest
le co-operation between the
mother and the teacher, and showed
clearly that a close relationship should
always exist -between the two.
Hr.n. t'harles T. Meredith, State
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
followed with hi? address upon the sub
jprt "Coming Education." He out
lined many improvements which might
with benefit be introduced into the
pre=ont lucational system of the State.
Aftor a short recess President Childs
again called the association to order,
and, after listening to a selection by a
vocal trio from the Etude Club of this
city, short addresses on behalf of the
ting of the National Educational
Association to be held in Los Angeles
next July were heard from Dr. Pierce,
Hon. J.->hn Swett, J. W. McClyrnonds,
D. C. Clark, F. L. Burke and S. Fashay.
At the conclusion of their remarks a
resolution was adopted by a unanimous
vote endorsing the meeting of the Na
tional Educational Association and
urging al! teachers in the State to at
tend it.
a committee on resolutions was ap
pointed by President Chi Ids as follows:
W. H. D. Raymond. Superintendent
Barr. Washington Wilson, and Miss
Kate Ames of Nfapa. The appointment
of this committee was followed by the
announcement that the next thing in
r>v<]'-v would be a business meeting, held
for the purpose of electing officers for
the ensuing year and the choice of the
next meeting place. The announcement
created quite a stir of excitement.
K<>r the office of president Frederic
L. Burke, principal of the Santa Bar
bara schools, was placed in nomination,
as was also J. W. M'-ciymonds of Oak
hind. When the ballot had been taken
It was shown that Burke had received
a majority and he was declared elected.
A. S. Barker of Salinas and Richard
r j Fau!kem-r of Ran Francisco were se-
I its vk-p-presidents; Mrs. M. M.
San Francisco was re
•i secretary, as was F. K. Barthal
of s,m Jose, assistant secretary, and
F ;■'. Hunker of fanta Rosa as
railroad secretary.
p Prior of San Francisco was
made I reasurer.
It ha I been understood that when the
tim> ' c for selecting the next place
of meeting a pretty fight would de
velop. Clark of Santa Cruz was said
to be out for the city by the sea, and
the Snn Jos'- poople were believed Jto
want it again, but when it came to the
actual point Sacramento was the only
point proposed, and she was given the
honor by a unanimous vote.
At this Juncture J. W. McClymonds
akland arose and offered a strong
r^s' luiion providing for a change in the
tltution of the State associations
whereby each section of the State
niicht havp an equal chance in the
matter of securing the meetlnes of the
associations and the benefits derived
from them. He reported upon behajf
of the special committee appointed at
thp last meeting, and tho change sug
gested was that a fourth district be
created and that hereafter one meeting
be held in each district in succession.
The northern part of the State was
selected for 1900, the San Joaquin Val
ley for 1901, and the bay section for
Iftn2. ;md so on. The matter will be
passed upon latrr.
Great interest was manifested in the
addresses by Dr. G. Stanley Hall, pres
ident of Clark T T niversity, recognized
aa the greatest American authority on
child study. His first paper was read
before the kindergarten department at
PHILIP PRIOR, TREASURER OF THE STfJTE TEACHERS'
fISSOCIfITION.
the audience found standing room only.
Dr. Hall's remarks and suggestions cre
ated enthusiasm among the teachers.
The kindergarten teacher, he believes.
is the Ideal teacher and a composite of
their faces would be the nearest pos-
Hahman Hall, where the main part of
sible approach to a likeness of the Ma
donna.
Special places are provided In differ
ent parts of the city where different
lines of educational work are discussed
In detail and by specialists. These
councils are given the name of "Round
Tables." The programme carried out
this afternoon was as follows:
Kindergarten department. Hahman
Hall— President's address. Mrs. Pauline
W. Dohrman, Stockton; address. Lr. G
Stanley Hall; address, Professor Edwin
D. Starbuck. Stanford University; opin
ions pro and con of kindergarten meih
ods and the advisability of incorporating
kindergarten instruction into the public
school system of California— Dr. Elmer
E. Brown, University of California; Pro
fessor Elwood G. Cubberly. Leland Stan
ford University; Dr. Frederic L. Burk.
Miss M. Woodward. Mrs. C. McQuade
Miss Annie M. Stovall and Mrs. P. \V.
Dohrman.
Manual training and industrial educa
tion. Ridgeway Hall— "The Preparation of
the Teacher." James E. Addlcott. Charles
M. Miller. Miss Esther M. Wilson; "The
Attitude of the Universtites." Professor
Elmer E. Brown.
School legislation. old Presbyterian
Church— "Tenure of Office of Teachers." F.
H. Russell; "Teachers' Annuities," Cecil ;
W. Mark; "The Content of the School
Law," Professor William Carev Jones;
general discussion by Joseph O'Connor
and Charles T. Meredith.
Languages, Third-street Methodist Epis
copal Church— lntroductory remarks by
the chairman; "Why Learn Greek?" Pro
fessor John Gamble; discussion: "Certain
Points in the Art of Reading Latin." Pro
fessor Leon J. Richardson (this paper was
read by Miss K. Wilson); discussion.
English. Fifth-street Methodist Epis
copal Church— "What Ts Now Being
Done in Some of Our Schools, in Composi
tion and Oral Language Work? What
Are the Results and Chief Difficulties?"
NOVEL EXPERIMENTS
WITH LIQUID AIR
Chunks of Atmosphere Thrown
About the Floor at a Chemical
Society Banquet.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— The various won
ders of air when It is Hauefied were
shown to visiting members of the Ameri
can Chemical Society to-night at the Col
lege of the City of New York by Charles
E. Triplar. Liquid air, which has a tem
perature below 200 below zero, was passed
around the room in cups, thrown about
on the floor and experimented with as
the chemist's fancy dictated. They were
cautious in handling it, however, as such
temperature is productive of frost bite
on short notice.
Some interesting experiments in burn
ing were shown, a diamond being con
sumed in liquid air, giving forth a fierce
light, a hole being burned through a
steel cup in which the experiment was
made In a few seconds. Experiments
with liquid oxygen and a magnet showed
that thf- substance was highly suscepti
ble to magnetic influence.
A banquet followed at the Waldorf-As
toria, attended by 200 guests. This con
cluded the eighteenth annual convention
of the society.
POOLROOMS CLOSED.
Continued Balds Have Their Effect
at Louisville.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 25.-For the
first time in the history of the city the
poolrooms to-day are closed permanently.
For some time a bitter fight has been
waged upon the poolroom interest?,
which resulted in the threo rooms in this
city being raided on Saturday, over 125
men being arrested. These were dis
missed at a preliminary hearing, but as
the Grand Jury had announced its inten
tion to continue raiding them, the pro
prietors came into the criminal court this
morning and stated that they had deter
mined to close their doors permanently.
They said that they surrendered uncondi
tionally. In view of this fact all peml
ing indictments against them have been
dismissed.
New Orleans Winners.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 2S.— Track fast,
weather fair. Results:
First race, selling, six furlongs, Loit
erer won. Eight Bells second, Locust
Blossom third. Time. 1:14^.
Second race, five furlongs, Rosalia won,
Sidtilla second, Cathedral third. Time,
1:03.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles,
selling. Bequeath won. Oxnanl second,
Annie Taylor third. Time. 1:50 V
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
selling, Tranby won. Friar John second.
Flop third. Time, l:soVfe.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, Ban
rlca won. Ben Frost second. Lady Fitz
slmmons third. Time. 1:22%.
Cruise of the Wheeling.
VALLEJO, Dec. 2S.— The United States
gunboat Wheeling will leave Mare Isl*d
to-morrow morning for San Francisco,
and from there probably will sail north
ward.
Brings Alaska's Governor,
SEATTLE. Dec. 28.— The steamer Cot
tage City arrived from the north to-day
with Governor Brndy of Alaska on hoard.
He is going to Washington City to secure
needed legislation.
How they catch hares for the
coursing parks, in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
( Miss E. A. Packard, F. L. Burk: "Of
What Should Composition Work Consist
and How Can It Be Made Educative and
Interesting." Miss Mary Helen Post;
"What Can Be Done Toward Securing
i Correctness and Fluency of Oral Expres
1 sion by Other Departments Than the Eng
, lissh," L. X. Babcock, principal Ukiah
I High School.
:ure study. Armory Hall— 1 rhysiol
»in Our Schools," Dr. O. P. Jenkins;
it Study in Primary Grades," Miss
A. Gates; "Botany in Our Schools,"
b ssor Volney Rattan,
tory, Presbyterian Church— "The
ssippi Question," M. E. Bailey; "The
; and Method of Teaching Local
State History," Richard D. Faulk
"Democracy and Lawlessness," Pro
fessor Thomas W. Page; "The Dramatic
Element in the History of the United
States." Professor Kendrick C. Babcock.
Mathematics. Baptist Church— "Primary
Number Work," Frank Norton; "The
Presentation of Algebra and Geometry in
Hißh Schools," W. N. Bush, Samuel C.
Chambers.
Child study, Christian Church— "Some
Biological Factors in the Individuality of
Children." Frederic L. Burk; "Color Sense
» Earliest Years," Miss Millicent W.
nn; "Present Conditions, Achieve
lts and Prospects of Child Study," Dr.
Stanley Hall, president Clark Univer
sity; questions and discussions, Dr. Hall
and Professor Burk.
Dr. A. E. Osborne. Superintendent of
Feeble Minded Home at Eldrldge. de
livered an interesting address on "Edu
cation of the Feeble Minded" at the
Congregational Church. The work of
the Round Tables will be concluded to
morrow afternoon. Some of the best
papers are still to be read before the
different departments.
The Athenaeum was packed to-night
by an audience gathered to hear the
address of Dr. Hall on the subject
"Rhythm in School Life." At its con
clusion President Childs made a few
announcements, after which Miss Black
rendered an exquisite vocal solo. Tho^e
of the audience who cared to adjourned
P Society Hall, where a reception was
en the visitors by the Santa Rosa
tearhers. Refreshments were served.
TROOPS THAT MAY
BE MUSTERED OUT
No Change in Plans Owing to Threat-
ening Outlook in the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— 1t is said at
the War Department that no change In
plans as to the mustering out of troops
will be made as a result of the threaten
ing outlook in the Philippines.
The Secretary oi War has made some
progress in designating the volunteer
regiments to be mustere^ out, but no
announcement will be made until the list
Is completed. J. Is ♦•'Heved, however, that
the list will include the Thirty-first Mich
igan, now at Knoxville; tne Second Ten
nessee, at Columbus. Ga.; the Third Ten
nessee, at Anniston: the Third North
Carolina (c010re..,, at Macon: the Siy'n
Virginia (colored), at Macon, and the
First West Virginia, at Columbus. Ga.
These resrlmpnts would constitute a
good part of the volunteers to be mus
tered out, for the entire number will not
run very high, owing to the purpose to
first muster nut the volunteers at Manila
and reducp the regulars down to the num
ber contemplated by law when the war
closed.
Boy Accidentally Shot.
COLTON. Dec. 28.— J. Morris, a prospec
tor, and Walter Coburn, the latter about
16 ypar3 old, started this morning In a
buckboard for the mines located on Old
Bulciy. They were driving up Lytle Creek,
about fifteen miles from town, when a
shotgun which the boy was carrying ac
cidentally discharged. The charge en
tered his neck, killing him instantly.
ACCUSATIONS FILED.
Charges Against Judge Dellenbaugh
and Senator Burke.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 28. — The charges
against Judge F. E. Dellenbaugh and
Senator Vernon 11. Burke were filed in
the Circuit Court this afternoon by the
committee of the Bar Association ap
pointed to formulate and prosecute the
charges. Two sets of charges and the
specifications were filed. In each case
the charges are Identical. The specifica
tions are almost alike. They vary only
in form slightly as became necessary in
reciting the specifications. The charge in
each case is as follows:
The said Frank E. Dellenbaugh (or Vernon
H. nurke). an attorney-at-law of the State of
Ohio, is hereby charged:
First — With havins been guilty of misconduct
In office as an attorney-at-law In the State of
Ohio.
Second— With having been guilty of unprofes
sional conduct. Involving moral turpitude.
Will Sell Old Fair Grounds.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 28.— The directors
of the State Board of Agriculture were
entertained to-night at the Sutter Club
by the directors of the Chamber of Com
merce. The matter of the sale of the
old fair grounds and the purchase of new
ones was discussed informally. The State
Society has perfected Its title and is now
ready to dispose of the present park, em
liraiing some sixteen blocks. It is de
sired to have the new park prepared and
buildings erected in time for the next
State fair.
Andrew Carnrgiti icils how
he rose from a bobbin-boy to a
millionaire, in next Sunday's
Call.
SNAKE RIVER BARS ARE RICH IN GOLD.
TACOMA, Dec. 28. — Extensive placer mining operations are being con
ducted on Snake River, in this State and Idaho, according to ex-City
Clerk Smythe, who has returned from a summer's work there. But
few claims are regularly located, because the gold is found chiefly in small
bars that are soon worked out. The miners then move to other bars of
which many are constantly forming. A majority of bars produce about $500
each. This free mmmc is carried on for hundreds of miles up and down
Snake River, and is open to everybody. Several hundred miners were
engaged this year, making from mere wages U] to $20 a day. The Klondike
rusli caused many Snak^ River miners to leave, but they are now coming
back.
Several big placer mines are located on the banks «.f 'ie Snake. The
largest of these is the Cariboo mine, in Blngham County, Idaho, owned
by John Thomas & Son of Chicago, who took out $35,000 this season in eight
days. They have twenty-eight miles of ditches and having corralled all
the water in their locality, they control about 10,000 acres of placer ground.
They have 10,000 feet of iron pipe and use eight nozzles. Their gravel runs
from six to twenty feet in depth. They get many $50 nuggets and from
that down to fine gold, which is worth $19 50 an ounce.
BRAVE SPANIARD SLAIN BY CUBAN THUGS.
HAVANA, Dec. £B.— This afternoon a Spaniard named Fernandez, a
member of the municipal police, was surrounded by a mob of Cubans
in Bombay street. Cuban and American flags were waved in his face,
his rifle was twisted out of his hands and half a hundred men yelled to
him:
"Shot 'Viva Cuba Libre.' or die."
Fernandez threw v-> his arms as if to assent and then when the mob
had quieted down to hear what he had to say, he cried in clear tones:
"Viva Espana!
Three knives were thrust into him and to-night he is dying.
It is a favorite sport among the Cuban young men to stop in the streets
persons supposed to be pro-Spanish r.nd make them kiss the Cuban flag and
cry "Viva Cuba libre." To-day a fight was started by some Cubans car
rying American and Cuban flags, who declared that thty had been insulted
by Spanish marines. A Cuban drew a pistol and, declaring that he would
defend the American flag, fired. Othei shots followed. According to an
unofficial report a Spanish solodler of the Calarava battalion was killed, a
Spanish marine fatally wounded and at least one other, if not several, hurt.
LIVES SAVED BY A PREACHER'S COOLNESS
PEORIA, 111., Dec. 28.— During the Christmas exercises In the German
Methodist Episcopal Church at Pekin, 111., the large tree laden with
gifts and lighted by hundreds of candles caught fire and blazed up
fiercely. The church was packed to the doors and women screamed and
several fainted. The pastor, Rev. William H. Traeger, commanded the au
dience to be seated. He said the emergency of fire had been provided for
and that there was no danger if every one kept still. Then he gave out
a familiar hymn, directed the organist to play up good and strong and or
dered the choir to sing loud. His cool attitude restored confidence and the
people began to sink back into their seats.
Meanwhile, as the fire roared and crackled, the music grew louder. The
pastor nicked burning emb -a from the tree that alighted upon his hymn
book to the floor and stepped upon them, at the same time singing at
the top of his voice. The fire brigade improvised for service in case of
fire threw a heavy wet tarpaulin over the tree and the fire was stamped
out. Then, despite the fact that the church was filled with smoke, the
exercises proceeded, minus the gifts, but with plenty of music.
VILLAGE WRECKED BY A MOUNTAIN SLIDE.
LONDON, Dec. 2S.— Part of Red Rock Mountain, according to a dispatch
from Airolo, a village in Switzerland, Canton of Ticino, has fallen into
Airolo, destroying a hotel and several houses.
The scene of the disaster presents a terrible spectacle, the debris of the
avalanche covering: a square mile. The hotel, with eight houses and twelve
other buildings, was swept Into a great heap of matchwood. A new terror
was added by the outbreak of fire amid the ruins.
Three bodies have been recovered. It Is estimated that the damage
will reach £40,000.
INVOKES AID FOR THE
PEACE MOVEMENT
William T. Stead Asks Christ: an En
deavorers to Furt-ier the
Czar's Idea.
BOSTON, Dec. 28.— The United Society
of Christian Endeavor has received the
following 1 message in regard to universal
peace from William T. Stead. London,
for the Christian Endeavorers of the
world:
The year 1899 brings with It a great oppor
tunity. In the last nine years Christian gov
ernments have spent upon armaments for war
a sum far exceeding $5,ft00.000,000. To abate this
gigantic waste of the resources of civilization
the Russian Emperor has summoned all govern
ments to a conference. That conference will
fall unless vigorously supported by demon
strations of enthusiastic approval all ruund
the world. I appeal to thf Christian Endeav
orers to do their part in evoking more enthu
siasm anrl giving it practical shape. Now Is
the time to act. Let each society be con verted
Into a local peace conference. Otherwise the
responsibility for the failure of this great op
portunity may rest on your hands.
BONAPARTISTS HOLD
IMPORTANT MEETING
Significant Utterance of Baron Le
goux, Who Was Re-elected
President of the Party.
LONDON", Dec. 28.— Special dispatches
from Brussels report that an important
conference of Bonapartists has just been
held there under the presidency of Prince
Victor Napoleon.
Baron Legoux was re-elected president
of the party. In thanking his supporters
he said: "The time of watching is ended
and the hour for combat is sounding."
Sagasta Out of Danger.
MADRID, Dec. 28.— Senor Sagasta, who
has been suffering from pneumonia, is
much better to-day and is now consid
ered out of danger.
Booker T. Wash ing ton, the
most talented negro in the
South, tells how the dark
shinned races of our new colo
nies should be governed, in
next Sunday's Ca'\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oooooooooooooopoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo©
I Power of Strong Men. I
O V— A O
o -— O
o -^-^^^^^-.v The world loves a strong man. o
o -/*^l 53/^ 1^ His stren^ tn enables him to gain ©
o ..^!^^^T^' IW^^^^M and hold respect. It is the key . gi
0 V W / -/l n °te to his success. Every man o
1 may be powerful. }
e\ VMSA''' iV JtMtT A strong man is a king. Obstacles are nothing to ?
I w Wzm') -V /I^f*. * him. With confidence in himself and the respect which ®
! O rwfisivi '•*• JMw&lt he inspires by his strength, success comes to him in O
O liW y^^^tS^^'^im ■ AY^F everything. Men and women; admire him for his O
O S^vl o YsSt^'***^ < tr^ * y/A/^K- strength. It is a source of pleasure and pride. The o
A _— &^h*ff i \^'~~~*&; '»- JwS*fA ', & reason is evident. Strength is vitality, vital force,
i,2^'*^^i />? " i/^-un^^rfor"^ nervous energy. The foundation of manly strength is O
© ■ fc*^^[|^»ffpi>' '„■■.' ' ttt4P ,mff?lbS-* k %>2j the possession of that exhilarating force known as elec- O
q vr . / . tricity, which is the life of the nerves. q
2 IT COMES FROM ELECTRICITY. °
O Every strong man is full of Electricity. Every weak man lacks the amount needed to keep up his vital ©
O force. Here, then, is the cause of man's strength. How is it with you, reader? Are you the man you should ©
q be at your age? Are your nerves strong? Have you confidence in yourself? Are you free from.' the results o
_ of early errors? If not, let me help you. Let me fill your nerves with the fire of life, charge your whole body !X
° with nerve energy. This can be done by wearing my Electric Belt, which has a record of 10,000 cures in the United ®
O States — record of cures accomplished after the failure of all other known remedies. . ©
p I WILL SEND YOU MY BOOK FREE. o
® I have a little book called "Three Classes of Men," which is free to you if you will call or write for it. It ®
° is full of valuable information to men who are not as strong as they would like to be. Get this book to-day. It ®
O may be worth years of your life. Call or address, O
g DR. A. T. SANDEIN, not in drug stored I
O 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. INUI UN U K _^L U & ' UKfc «b.J O
O Office hours, Ba.m to 8 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, , Dr - Sanden's Electric Belt Is never sold. In 5?
w Cat., 204V4 South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, I drug stores nor by traveling agents; only at O
O Colo., 931 Sixteenth "street; Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. 110 North | our ornce. . n
ft ' Main street. . . ; -— — ;—; — — v
oo 0000000 o o ooooo op b op op 6 000 00 ooopoop o o oo 000 op
STANFORD PROFESSOR
WEDS A DENVER LADY
Marriage of Ernest Mondell Pease
to Miss Mary Ball
Johnson.
DENVER, Dec. 28.— Professor Ernest
Mondell Pease, one of the faculty of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University, was mar
ried here this evening to Miss Mary Ball
Johnson, daughter of M. V. Johnson of
Denver. The ceremony took place in
Calvary Church, Rev. W. T. Jordan offici
ating. Five hundred guests were present,
invitations having been sent to friends
in nearly every civilized country of the
globe.
After a briliant reception, Professor and
Mrs. Pease left for Southern California.
They will be at home after January 7, at
Stanford University.
Mrs. Pease is a graduate of Colorado
State University, and for the past five
years has been instructor in German and
French in the manual training high
school of Denver.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with [
or without removal. J. Norman. 1017-1023 Mission.
CASIMIR PERRIER EXAMINED.
Testifies in Proceedings Attending '
Dreyfus Revision.
PARIS, Dec. 2S.— The Court of Cassa- '
tlon to-day examined M. Casimlr Perrier, j
the former President of France, and M. ;
Barthou. the former Minister of the In
terior, in the proceedings attending the
revision of the Dreyfus case.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.—Representa
tive Loud Is able to be out again. Mrs.
Loud is convalescent. Senator White is
expected to arrive Sunday night. Repre
sentative Hilborn goes to South Bethle
hem, Pa., to-morrow.
Fire Quenched on the Lakme.
ASTORIA, Dec. 2S.— The fire in the
cargo of the steamer Lakme was
quenched to-day, and ahe is now lying on
the beach, with her hold full of water.
The extent of the damage is not yet
known.
Why Isn't the bride well dressed who is
well groomed?
MURDER LAY
HIDDEN IN THE
CHRISTMAS GIFT
Dunning Case Rivaled
in New York.
POISON SENT IN A PRESENT
AUNT OF THE INTENDED VIC
TIM KILLED.
Contents of a Eromo Seltzer Bottle
in a Medicine Case Prove to
Have Been a Deadly
Powder.
Si»eclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— Mrs. Kate J.
Adams, a widow of 63, died at 61 West
Eighty-sixth street this afternoon, a
half hour after having taken a dose
supposed to be bromo-seltzer. The
medicine was given to her by her
nephew, Harry Cornish, a well known
athlete and physical director of the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club.
Immediately after the collapse of
Mrs. Adams, Cornish, alarmed at the
effect of the medicine upon her, took a
teaspoonful of it himself. He was un
conscious for more than an hour, and
Dr. E. F. Hitchcock, who was sum
moned, was also rendered ill by tasting
the contents of the bottle, although he
took less than one-eighth of a grain in
the effort to discover the nature of the
poison mixed with the bromo-seltzer.
He was so ill that he was unable to
give either of the other sufferers at
tention, and at his direction Dr. K.
Stiles Potter was sent for.
Dr. Potter gave Mrs. Adams power
ful emetics, but was unable to save
her life. He used a stomach pump on
Mr. Cornish with successful results, al
though for a time his life was de
spaired of. Dr. Hitchcock was able to
assist Dr. Potter after having taken an
emetic, and is in no danger now, al
though it was said at his house to
night he was so weak from the effect
of the poison that he had been obliged
to go to bed.
From the story told by Cornish it
is evident an attempt was made by
some person or persons to poison him.
The bottle of bromo-seltzer was sent
to him at the Knickerbocker Club on
Saturday night in a silver medicine re
ceptacle, which bore the "•Tiffany"
mark and the number 810. There was
no name attached to the package, and
Cornish made several efforts to find out
who his generous friend was.
Purely to gratify the curiosity of his
aunt and her daughter, Mrs. Florence
Rogers, to whom he had mentioned the
gift, he took it home with him late
Tuesday night from the club and
showed it to them. They admired it
and this morning when Mrs. Adams
complained of a headache Mrs. Rogeis
thought of the little bottle of bromo
seltzer and went to Cornish's room to
get it. Mrs. Adams was the innocent
victim of some person or persons who
meant to murder Cornish.
If Cornish has any suspicion as to
who sent him the medicine he will not
i make it known. He has placed all the
I facts in the hands of Assistant District
| Attorney John T. Mclntyre, who is his
I personal friend, and at Mclntyre's sug
gestion he refused to see all callers.
Mclntyre made several statements
| about "the case this evening, but in none
j did fee give the slightest intimation of
a clew and his Invariable answer to
questions on this point was that the
' case had not developed sufficiently to
', warrant making public any suspicions
: that might be entertained.
Cornish is divorced from his wife,
j who is said to live in Boston. Cornish'g
| parents live in Hartford, Conn. They
i declare they know of no one who would
be interested in causing their son's
' death.
In many ways the case is similar to
the Botkin-Dunning case, which is
being tried in San Francisco. Mr. Mc-
Intyre and District Attorney Gardiner
both said to-night that they had no
doubt the methods used in that case
had suggested the method adopted by
whoever sent the poison to Cornish.
Just what the mixed with the
bromo-seltzer was is still a matter of
conjecture. Doctors Hitchcock. Pot
ter and Coroner's Physician Watson
agree it was either cyanide of potas
sium or strychnine. Its instantaneous
effect on those who took it led the
physicians to believe at first that it
was prussic acid, but after a careful
examination it was decided there was
none of that poison in the bottle. The
bromo-seltzer and the poison it con
tained are now in the hands of Chemist
Lederle of the Health Department and
It will be known definitely to-morrow
just what the poison is.
ADVEKTISEMENT3.
\ ~* ;.
LAUNCHING THE LIFE-BOAT.
There are greater dangers than those of
the angry sea. That dread disease
sumption, kills more men and women in a
generation tha-* the sea has swallowed up
since the earliest history of navigation.
There is a sure and safe life-boat ever
ready to be launched for men and women
who suffer from this merciless destroyer.
It is Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery. It cures 98 per cent, of all cases of
consumption, bronchitis, asthma, laryn-
gitis, weak lungs, spitting of blood and
throat and nasal troubles. It acts directly
on the lungs, driving out all impurities an
disease germs. It soothes and heals the
mucous membranes of the lungs, bronchial
tubes, throat and nasal cavities. It restores
the lost appetite, makes digestion and as-
similation perfect, invigorates the liver,
and purifies and enriches the blood. It
fills the blood with the life-giving elements
of the food that build new and healthy
tissues. It tears down, carries off and
excretes the diseased and half dead tissues
upon which the germs of consumption
thrive. It checks the cough and facilitates
expectoration until the lungs are thor-
oughly cleared. It is the great blood-
maker and flesh-builder. Unlike cod liver
oil, it does not build flabby flesh, but the
firm, muscular tissues of health. It does
not make corpulent people more corpulent.
Thousands have testified to their cure
under this great medicine after they were
given up by the doctors, and all hope was
gone. An honest dealer will not suggest
some inferior substitute for the sake of a
little extra selfish profit.
rA man or woman who neglects
constipation buffers from slow
poisoning. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation. One
little "Pellet" is a gentle laxa-
tive, and two a mild cathartic.
All medicine dealers sell them.
No other pills are "just as good."
Out of the Race!
It is a dismal thin,? to be dropping: out of the
race of life— to stand aside helpless while others
aro crowding to victory — to be gloomy where
others are cheerful and gay — to hunger where
others are feasting — to have no part or reli.-h in
the life-blessings that were intended for all.
This break-down in simply a result of Nerve
Starvation, and is accompanied or will soon
be followed by other symptoms by headaches,
Irritability, languor, stomach and intestinal
troubles, and general debility and prostration
of the syßtem. If you want to be in the race
again, you MUST FKEIJ YOUR NERVES.
There is no other way consistent with natural
law. If the nervo mechanism be made right the
whole human machine will resume Its powers
■nd functions. Happily our latest science has
found a way to do this. There is a pure and
perfect nerve-food embodied in
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTQ TABLETS
The grand medical discovery that has proved
such a specific for worried and enfeebled women
and overworked, tired-out men. No drugs.
No bottles. No doctors' hills. The fam-
Sous Perfecto Tablets act on the Nerve system.
They tone and strengthen. They banish all the
symptoms of Nerve failure and lost vitality.
They invigorate and restore the whole man.
They lift the sufferer of either sex back into the
race of life and the full enjoyment of its activi
tieß and privileges. Put Perfocto Tablets in
purse or pocket and be happy and strong. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at $2.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
Mailed on receipt of prico by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building, Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— — THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THH
Slst day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,362 50
Cash In company's office 42 83
Cash in banks 117,618 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ' 3,616 68
Premiums in due course of collection 73,133 ft)
Total assets $843,677 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,733 54
Losses In process of . adjustment or
In suspense 17,007 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,803 93
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $305,750 2S:
reinsurance 50 per cent 151,873 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $50,761 12;
reinsurance pro rata 30,563 74
Due and accrued- for salaries, rents,
etc 19 S3
All other demands against the com-
pany •' . 30,027 8(
Total liabilities $251,530 89
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $346,046 94
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 22.73« 83
Total income $365.753 79
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $15,702 54, losses of previous
years) $99,622 58
- Paid or anowed for commission or
. brokerage 82,337 19
Paid for salaries, fees and other ' ■<, '..■-■-<'
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2,625 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 4,913 15
All other payments and expend!- :
tures , 14.008 M
Total expenditures $293,164 11
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $120,263 77
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $436,581 13
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 31.500.05S 318,371 19
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 36.055.643 856.51140
■ '. ELIJAH R. KENNEDY.
Of Weed & Kennedy.
United States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 234
day of February, 189$.
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public
SYZ 6c CO.,
General Agents,
301 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
oonooooooooooooccig
d w PALACE ™%
*GRAND HOTSkMo
q BAN FRANCISCO. V
J* Connected by a covered passageway. **
D 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. Q
O Ail Under One llano cement. Q
O ■ ROIE TH3 PKICSfI: Q
0 European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward _,
American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward Q
Q . Correspondence Solicited. .;■ q
p .JOSH 0. SIBKPA-raiCE. -
Q.Q 000 OO O COOO OOOOOO
IhutcnultyT
niHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dig.
eases o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of M en. free. Over 20 y 'rV experience.
■ Patients cnrpilnt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to 3 dally: 6.30 to 8:30 er *gs. Sundays. 10tol2. Cptwul.
Ution free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
P. KOBCOE McXI'I.TY, 11. D.
I 26' ■. Kcarny St., .San Francisco. CaL
56
THURSDAY DECEMBER 20, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THF RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In tljls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By moll $6 per year: per month
65 cents
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 psftst One yepr. by malt, SI
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 18S. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertisln* Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE RJfcfts Hoos«
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqdette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S?T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o"clock 387 Hayes street. oo«n until
9:30 o'clock- C2I McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£»l Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK-
AMUSEMENTS
California— "Ma^da." '
Columbia— Minstrel Jubilee. '
Alcazar— 'A Midnight Bell."
Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
- Morocco*— "The White Squadron."
. Orpheur- — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Romance of Coon Hollow."
The Chutes— Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla — Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
Metropolitan Hall-Roaenthal Piano Recital. Tuesday even-
Ing. January 3.
THE CEMETERY QUESTION.
AT Tuesday's meeting of the Board of Super
visors the ordinance fixing January I, 1902, as
the date on which further interments shall
cease in San Francisco was placed on its final passage
and defeated. Devany, Sheehan, Dodge and Clinton
voted to pass it: Haskins. Morton, Britt, Smith and
Rivers voted against it, while Lackmann and Rottanzi
visited the lobby and dodged. No reasons were as
s:gncd for the action of the individual members. Ac
cording to all accounts there was no debate, and the
order failed because the Supervisors had private rea
sons in each case for voting against it.
However, the promoters of this movement need not
despair at the result of their efforts so far. They
have called public attention to the subject in a man
ner that cannot fail to bear fruit in the future. Four
Nipervisors in a board full of dodgers, politicians,
trimmers and boodlers have put themselves on record
as being in favor of the reform, and this, too, at a
period when all public measures usually go by the
board, namely, the last hours of the legislature.
The people of Richmond and its vicinity have every
reason to feel encouraged at the prospect. What they
should now do is to prepare for a movement in force
upon the new Board of Supervisors. To that body
ilie subject will be frcMi and interesting, and there is
no reason why, with a strong public sentiment be
hind them, they should not succeed in getting
through an ordinance. The actual date of closing is
immaterial. The point is to fix a day on which burials
in these cemeteries shall cease. That accomplished,
the rest will be easy. As soon as the cemetery lot
owners get accustomed to the idea of a change they
a ill cease to oppose the reform.
Eventually, of course, cemetery extension in San
Francisco will have to come to an end. Within ten
years property in the vicinity of Lone Mountain will
be too valuable to justify its use for burial purposes.
Some of it is already a loss to its owners. Therefore,
the only tenable argument that can be brought
against the position taken by the people of Richmond
is that they have begun too soon. On this point,
however, there is much to be said. For one thing,
it cannot be successfully established that the time will
ever come when the cemeteries can be moved more
cheaply or with less difficulty than at present. Since
they must inevitably be movW some time, it would
seem to be good business sense to begin on them at
once.
The people of Richmond should continue their agi
tation. While working for themselves they are also
working for the best interests of the entire city.
WIDBER READY TO GO.
AT last ex-Trea«urer Widber has bowed to the
inevitable instead of longer hiring legal talent
to make faces at it. Seeing that he must go to
the penitentiary, he expresses an anxiety to go soon.
This is not hard to understand when it is considered
that the County Jail presents a paucity of charms to
the discriminating senses, and that time spent there
does not count as part of the period forfeit to the
State.
Widber is still a young man. He can fairly build
hope of a comparatively short stay at San Quentin,
for the deductions for good behavior are generous,
and there is always, for the gross offender, whose
stealings have been of impressive size, the prospect
of pardon. Neither is the future all dark. It may be
that when he shall emerge from confinement his fel
low citizens will want to thrust political honors upon
him. What more probable than that he will be
deemed fitting candidate for the place of boss, and
Jr.ter find that if he desire a toga all he has to do is to
ask for it?
However, an experience in one jail only will hardly
I-lace him on a footing such as Burns now occupies.
Burns, it must be remembered, has been the inmate
of three jails, for three separate crimes, and in two
republics. Widber can only plead that while his va
riety of experiences is more limited, he has done a
longer stretch, and perhaps he will be regarded as
suited to the emergency. '-' .
The Memphis shoplifter sentenced to three years
should sue her attorney. His neglect to establish her
as the possessor of a case of; kleptomania cannot be
excused.
It can hardly be said that the Kansru Legislature
1-s been called in extraordinary sessio. . Any ses
sion of that Legislature is recogni7ed as extraor
dinary.
Colonei Bryan had not been a civilian more than
twenty-four hours before he was under fire, an. ex
perience which six months in the army failed to give
him.
As ardent as he is in support of anti-expansion, it
must pain J. Sterling Morton of Nebraska to find
himself agreeing with Bryan.
In his inability to keep a Cabinet together, Aguin
aldo exhibits the statesmaulike qualities of an Old
World diplomat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
OUR SEMI-CENTENNIAL.
LAST winter The Call editorially suggested the
holding of a great exposition in this city in
1900-1901 in celebration of the semi-centennial
anniversary of California's admission into the Union.
Acting thereupon a committee on preliminaries was
appointed and organized, and many prominent citi
zens came to the front with their approval of the
project, expressed in interviews published in our
columns. The subject is now renewed by members
of that committee with a spirit indicative of the
growth of determination and set purpose to push the
project, to a conspicuous success.
Pride in personal record and family history is a
manly sentiment which safeguards the good order of
society. Pride in the story of one's State, in the
recollection of its distant beginnings, in the men who
laid its foundations, in the workers who have wrought
to convert its natural resources into wealth, is a high
element in the progress and prosperity of a com
monwealth.
Surely no State more deserves such pride than ours,
and no people are more capable of giving to' it the
most impressive expression.
When, the variety of our resources is considered,
there is no part of the world with such a field of pro
duction to illustrate. Minnesota builds an Alhambra
cf ice, lowa a palace of corn, Illinois a castle of coal,
Pennsylvania one of iron and steel. These illustrate
either an object of novel interest or the great industry
which is the main dependence of the people of those
States. If that industry fail, or that resource cease,
their foundations are disturbed and their people dis
quieted by the agonies of a change to something else
that will support population and commerce.
It is not so with California. Here we can build
palaces of the cereals, of coal, of gold, silver, copper
and quicksilver, dug from our mines; of wine of
many vintages and varieties; of oil ripened in our
olive orchards. We can raise walls of onyx, marble,
granite, sandstone, slate, basalt, soapstone and
asbestos. We can build of the greatest variety of
coniferous woods found in association and growing
from the same soil, in any part of the world, and we
can ornament them with the greatest variety of ve
neering woods found anywhere together. We can
pile up pyramids made of 400 different varieties of
grapes, luscious in many colors, and can fringe and
ornament the structure with the guava. pomegranate,
date, banana, loquat, medlar and the Japanese kaki,
the fruit of the gods. In association with these may
be shown our great commercial deciduous fruits, the
peach in fifty varieties, the apricot, nectarine, cherry,
prunes and plums of so many sorts that they need
a separate catalogue. We can build a miniature city
of twenty varieties of the orange, lemon and lime, the
shaddock, grape fruit and citron, and can scent the
scene with the cinnamon shrub, the camphor tree and
the bay. California licorice and ginger, cotton and
honey, our apples, almonds, walnuts, wine berries, and
bewildering variety ot what field and garden yield,
can be added to show the vast reach and range of our
resources and prove to the world that here is a
laboratory in which* nature enables man's labor to
produce from the soil and from the mine so much of
use in commerce that no man can say which industry
in the future may lead the rest, where so many offer
themselves to the varying tastes and capacities of
man as a means of making a living and supplying the
wants of distant people.
Add to these the foreign production in which we
deal and for which we exchange our surplus, and the
handiwork of our mechanics and shipbuilders, and
the products of the sea, from herrings to whales, and
the mind is almost stunned by the display made pos
sible in this fifty-year-old State. Rightly managed
such an exposition will draw people from all over the
world, and will fix California more firmly than ever
in the attention of the nations.
When political turmoil needs a vacation in the
Legislature this subject should be brought to the at
tention of that body, and along the lines of a definite
plan it should extend such preliminary encourage
ment as is needed, and the mighty project should be
gin at once to take form and shape.
EXPANSION MENACES WHITE LABOR.
ON Monday last The Call invited public atten
tion to the fact that it had been asserted by the
Chronicle that the Philippines would neces
! sarily become a part of the territory of the. United
' States, and the inhabitants "not subjects, but citi-
I zens," and "on an equal footing" with ourselves. As
| a consequence of this status of the Filipinos it was
. pointed out that they would have a constitutional
I right, of which they cauld not be deprived, to travel
| to all parts of the United States, and that the Chinese
; exclusion law would thus be virtually repealed and the
' whole country open to cheap labor.
The Chronicle of Tuesday contained a long
; answer to our brief exposition of the situation, in
; which our legal position is admitted, but its conse-
q uences denied, on the ground that the Filipinos
: will not avail themselves of their right to migrate, but
I will stay at home. This is a practical confession of
the substance of the article to which the comment of
the Chronicle is directed, and an illustration of the
numerous inconsistencies with which the expansion-
S ists are confronted. "They can migrate, but they
j won't," is the pith of the argument. The main con
tention being thus conceded, the prediction will have
but little weight with citizens who realize that where
: cheap labor is wanted and cannot be lawfully ex
.; eluded it will be speedily obtained. Capital has
never yet failed to provide for the transportation of
: laborers when the national bars were let down.
It is said that the Mexican peons do not cross the
! boundary line and invade the United States. In the
! first place it is not true that "the peons are the same
I kind of people as the Filipinos." But, in the second
j place. Mexico is not a part of the United States, and
therefore the attempted analogy is absolutely false.
jlf Mexico were conquered and annexed, then the
' question of the peons would come to the front.
The proposition that there has been no "inrush of
Chinese. and Japanese from Hawaii" is equally un
sound. The number of the Asiatics there is limited,
and Hawaii lias not yet received a territorial organi
zation, and, therefore, it has not passed under those
guarantees of civil rights applicable to territories,
which are permanently secured by positive law. When
the work of the late commission has resulted in legis
lation and the: new territory is finally organized, and
not before, there will be an opportunity to determine
whether the Chinese and the Japanese will avail them
selves of their right to migrate to other parts of the
Union.
It has been repeatedly shown that there are more
inhabitants to the square mile in the Philippines than
in the United States. If, with our comparatively
limited population and with our enormous wealth, ac
cumulated under the constitution, we need outlets so
badly' that to secure them even the destruction of our
form of government can be condoned, how much
greater reciprocity of advantage would the Filipinos
gain in their new capacity of "fellow citizens!"
But the Chronicle doubts the sincerity of The Call
and betrays its old infatuation for "sugar." Its di
version among the canes, however, in search of the
sweetness which is so agreeable to the palate, does
not meet the plain truth that its attitude on the ques
tion of the acquisition and government of the Philip
pines is false to protection, which is a method of
keeping up wages, and false to the laborers and me
chanics of the country, who are unwilling to have
Chinese, Malays, and all the other elements of the
dense population of the Philippines enrolled as com
petitors among their "fellow citizens," with polygamy
and paganism as social and religious institutions.
This is an American and not an Asiatic republic,
which has not so far been deprived of its constitution
and converted into an empire, nor made subordinate
to the colonization policy of Great Britain. The de
vices of the speculators who are willing to subvert
their own government and to ruin their own country
in order to drain the pockets of nine or ten millions
of Asiatic pagans and polygamists have not yet quite
succeeded, and the flag still waves "o'er the land of
the free and the home of the brave."
THE DEATH OF SENATOR MORRILL.
SENATOR MORRILL'S death will not strike
the country with such a sense of loss as would
have been felt had it occurred when he was in
the prime and vigor of his life. He had lived far be
yond the ordinary period of human life, and doubtless
seemed to many younger men to be a veteran lagging
superfluous on the stage. Under such circumstances
his death does not come as a shock. He has passed
away full of years and honors, his lifework fully com
pleted, leaving behind a memory which will long be
cherished by the people he served.
Notwithstanding his great age, however, the death
of Senator Morrill is a distinct loss to the nation at
this juncture. He was one of the conservative and
constructive statesmen of the Senate. His political
sagacity and wisdom had ripened with his years, and
to the last showed no signs of decay. Such men are
always needed under all forms of government, and
they are particularly needed at this time in the United
States, when so many radical innovations from fiat
money to imperial extension are threatening the wel
fare of the nation and have so much support in Con-
It was the fortune of Senator Morrill to act a con
spicuous and important part in the great epoch of our
history which transformed a Federal Union of more
or less discordant States into a true nation; a period,
moreover, marked by such progress that the popu
lation increased from 28,000,000 to upward of 70,000,
000, and the wealth and industries of the people ex
panded to a magnitude that was never dreamed of at
the time he entered public service.
During his career he was an able leader and a wise
counselor in the settlement of all the complex is
sues of the war or growing out of it. His main work,
however, was along the lines of financial and tariff
legislation. On all questions of that kind he was one
of the most learned experts in Congress and spoke
with authority. His influence was potent in uphold
ing sound principles of finance, and it is in this re
spect he will be most missed, for the currency prob
lem remains to be solved, and his continued presence
h< the Senate would have conduced strongly toward
a rightful and sagacious conclusion of the issue.
A great and good and wise statesman has been
taken from the council of the nation, and Vermont
will find it difficult to replace him with an equally
worthy successor. The country, however, remember
ing past services, will not be forgetful of his
teach. .ig, and his influence will remain for many years
in the Senate as a conservative and patriotic force. He
is, therefore, not wholly lost to the nation he so ar
dently loved, so devotedly served, and from his tomb
he still directs the people into the safe paths of peace
and prosperity.
BOTKINESE EMOTION.
A CONTEMPORARY has taken to portraying
for the edification of its readers daily the emo
tions which surge through the bosom of the
Botkin woman when witnesses make remarks per
sonal to herself. Without the least desire to discour
age enterprise or handicap a harmless form of lunacy,
we are bound to say that the information is not
valuable. Botkinese emotions do not concern the
public. In fact, it is callous to them. Its desire is
to learn whether the woman is guilty of murder, and
this is not to be ascertained through conning any
vapid comment of her own.
Tuesday there was on the stand a woman who is re
puted to have stolen from the prisoner the valuable
affections of the male Botkin, and the prisoner freely
expressed distaste for the person, presence and gen
eral tone of the lady. All this the contemporary sets
forth at considerable length. Well, who cares?
There is more than a suspicion that the plump Mrs.
Botkin has done some stealing of a similar sort. If
her family was invaded, so was the Dunning family.
If another had borne away as a prize the love of Bot
kin, she swiped that of Dunning, such as it was, and
dishonors would seem to be easy.
The prisoner talks too much. She does not seem
to realize it, but every display she makes of her tem
i perament increases the prejudice against her. If she
lack the judgment to keep her mouth shut she should
hire one more lawyer to give her advice on this point
alone.
South Dakota cattlemen killed a sheep herder, were
acquitted on the ground of self-defense, and then pre
sented the widow with $1000 in gold. It is impossible
to judge whether this was considered by her as suffi
i cicnt recompense, but in some instances it would have
been a palpable excess.
Merchants are right in their opposition to the
hideous signboard surmounting a one-story building
at Bush and Kearny. The building, even stripped of
the lumber monstrosity, would be bad enough to keep
down the price of realty.
As there are fifty-nine prisoners in the Kansas peni
tentiary under sentence of death, and as a bill is to be
introduced forcing the Governor to sign the death
warrants of all, it may be judged that there is a flutter
along murderers' row.
For the offense of being a "badger" a New York
criminal has been sentenced to nineteen years, but
as to his female accomplice, the jury disagreed, a cir
cumstance demonstrating the utility of having a
pretty face.
The saloon-keeper who sold whisky to three boys,
the liquor nearly killing one of them, deserves to be
deprived of his license and put in a place where a
license would be useless to him if he had it.
The San Qnentin guard who followed the injunc
tion, "Search the Scriptures," and found them packed
with opium, didn't do much to forward missionary
work at the penitentiary.
The actress whose sealskin was torn to rags by a
rival seems too displeased to be grateful for the fact
that she was not inside the garment at the time.
There is something to ponder over in the fact that
Jockey Sloan has a bigger income than the President
of the United States.
PASSING OF THE PEOPLE'S PARTY.
Thomas I Cator Writes Its Valedictory and Tells Why He
and Others Have Returned to the Re
publican Fold.
To the Editor of The Call: So many
of those who have been voiing with the
People's party, but who at the last
election, with myself, supported the Re
publican ticket, have asked me whether
I intended to take steps to reorganize
the party, that I deem it best to an
swer all such inquiries at once through
your columns. That party was com
posed of men previously identified with
other political parties. The attempt in
1898 to finally annex it permanently to
the Democratic party was equivalent to
dissolution and fully warranted all who
like myself were former Republicans
in returning to and renewing their al
legiance to the Republican party. It is
apparent that the main support of the
People's party came from those who
thought free coinage of silver at the
ratio of sixteen to one a desirable
policy. A re-examination of this matter
has led me with many others to modi
fied views upon the subject. The chair
man of the Omaha convention, Hon. H.
D. Loucks, has returned to the Repub
lican party. Statesmen, jurists, and
even scientists, find it necessary to re
vise or reverse their former opinions.
To abandon error when it is seen is a
virtue, a duty. To adhere to it is a
T. V. CATOR.
vice and a lack of true murage. Mr.
Bryan says that the fundamental or
scientific basis of independent free coin
age at sixteen to one consists in giving
to the debtor the option to pay debts in
either coin; that if he have this op
tion he will pay in the cheaper mer.a!,
and by thus increasing the demand
raise the price and draw the value of
the metals together, and ktep them at
a parity; but if the creditor have the
option to demand the payment in gold
this, by increasing the demand, draws
the value of the metals apart. This
proposition has not been proven to be
sot.nd, but it does not require discus
sion here, for we find Mr. Bryan, in
his celebrated Chicago convention
speech, stating that it is not the pur
pose of the free silver advocates to pay
gold debts in silver. Right here we
have a paradox. There are several
thousand millions of private debts in
the United States, written payable
specifically in gold. If these debts are
not payable in silver (and it is admitted
they are not) then it is impossible that
the debtor as to this enormous indebt
edness should have the option. The op
tion remains with the creditor and
upon Mr. Bryan's own statement or die
trine this must draw the metals apart,
send gold to a premium and thereby
j suspend its circulation and place us at
I once upon a silver basis and contract
i the currency by the amount of gold in
use. The country has decided against
free coinage of silver and has justified
the position taken by the National Re
publican party upon the question of
coinage. Free silver men frequently
! urge that gold and silver are equally
; recognized as money by the constitu
! tion. A limited amount of silver can
: be used as money at the present ratio
without driving out gold, but no coun
try where there is independent and un
limited free coinage of silver is able to
maintain gold in circulation as money.
Such countries have silver monometal
i lism. This would be the case in the
! United States. The conclusion is ir-
I resistible that the cause which pro
duces this must operate alike in all
countries regardless of their volume of
commerce As such free coinage would
therefore drive out gold the constitu
tion, in recognizing gold and .silver,
must have contemplated the use of sil
ver in a manner whicli would keep gold
in circulation as money and experience
has shown that this can only be done
when gold is the standard.
l'l>i>n the question of maintaining the
national banks of issue the Democratic
party is seriously divided, but those
who favor abolishing such banks a3
banks of issue favor a return to the
system of issuing currency by State
banks. The Chicago platform of 1596
was upon request of Mr. Bailey of
Texas purposely modified in committee
so as to permit this construction and
I the Democratic Legislature of Georgia
' has recently authorized the issue of
' currency by State banks and directed a
j test of the national tax which prevents
I such issue. This is a retrograde policy.
As between the Republican policy fa
voring national banks of issue and such
Democratic policy the Republican poli
!cy should be supported. As to issues
iof additional greenbacks redeemable
upon demand, such a policy must con
template a suspension of specie pay
ments or a perpetual increase in bonds
! issued to obtain means for redemption.
We have had abundant opportunity to
observe tha. such legal tender notes
which any holder may present to the
treasury at once for redemption con
stitute an endless chain which com
pels the Government upon occasions to
constant iesue of bonds and purchases
of gold to keep the pledge of redemp
tion. This is bound to occur as often
as there is the least suspicion that such
legal tenders may not be equivalent to
j gold. There can be no doubt that the
I legal tender notes have for a long time
! been maintained at a parity with gold
j only by the policy of the treasury to
i pay gold for legal tenders upon de
j mand therefor. This action of the treas
ury is warranted by the express policy
of the law as declared in the act of
1893 to maintain the parity between
gold and silver and it is not apparent
■ how this policy can be safely changed
j while such legal tenders remain out
! standing and subject to such redemp
tion. As to such other schemes for the
j issue of money as do not contemplate
\ coin redemption they could not be law
fully adopted without an amendment to
the Federal constitution. The legal ten
■ der cases at utmost have only decided
! that when the Government issues its
promise to pay in coin it may impress
i legal tender quality upon such a prom
i ise. Such system of money cannot he
i adapted to the competitive system, of
industry and commerce. The system
of money based upon a fixed standard
of redemption accepted by com::
is logically adapted to the estab:
system of industry. The present order
of industry and its means of exchange
have grown and developed together for
centuries and have reached their pres
ent position by the consensus of the
commerce and industry of the leading
nations of the world, and are so adapt
ed and cemented together that they
cannot be separated without revolu
tion in the order of industry. It is for
this reason that the gold standard is
an accomplished fact. The movement
for free coinage of silver and new sys
tems of money grew out of failing
prices and the increase of the unem
ployed. Now a more careful examina
tion of this matter has led me to con
clude that the money question la
the important factor in such results,
but that falling prices and displace
ment of labor are to be attributed al
most entirely to improved methods cf
production and distribution, of pro
ducts, and this brings me to consider
the question of production by corpora
tions or associations employing im
mense capital.
The managers of the Democratic
party are dropping the silver issue, and
iiuw propose to pretend to the people
that the Republican party is respons.
ble for the fact that business enter
prises whi^ch employ large capital can
produce and distribute products more
cheaply than can b« done by concerns
with small capital, and that the Demo
cratic party will reverse this matter.
This claim is wholly unfounded. The
Democratic managers call these busi
ness associations "trusts." As a mat
ter of fact, most of them are simply a
single corporation with large capital.
Where separate concerns agree tv act
in restraint of trade they can be en
joined, and the Republican party has
been active in making and enforcing
laws to this effect, like the Sherman
law, under which some great combina
tions have been dissolved, but this can
not prevent the same persons from con
solidating their capital and business in
one corporation or partnership to do tho
very same thing, and for this reason
most so-called "trusts" are no longer
such, but are in lawful form, and :tll
may easily assume the lawful form;
nor is there any method by which men
can be prevented from so doing unless
it be proposed to enact laws absolute
ly forbidding individuals from engag
ing more than a small amount of capi
tal in any given business or enterprise.
This would be retrogression, and th<»
p^'sical destruction of all great enter*
prises; it would be industrial and com
mercial anarchy. The Republican party
is not responsible for the development
of those so-called "trusts." It has done
all that statute law can do in the mat
ter. It might as well be said that
party was responsible for a department
store; or for the fact that a man, o*
men, who purchased 10,000 acres or land
and by the use of steam plows, com
bined harvesters and large capital can
produce wheat more cheaply than a
farmer without capital or improved
machinery can produce it on a small
farm. The fact is, that great capital
by producing practically the entire out
put of a product can utilize land, labor,
machinery, material and distribution so
as to undersell any small producer, and
this inevitably leads to such combina
tion. This is clearly not the result of
any statute law. or any party policy.
It is the natural evolution of industry
and the course it thus takes under in
dustrial law has been long seen and
predicted by great thinkers of the
world. It is apparent from this that
the proposed declaration of the Demo
cratic managers against so-called
"trusts," or combined capital in pro
duction and distribution, is to be a
mere empty political harangue, an
other effort at a new and false issue.
It often happens that persons of a
generous nature believe that the hard
ships of life that so many undergo can
be easily remedied, and under this im
pulse it is easy to mistake the mani
fold causes of a condition and to seek
to apply a false remedy and to arraign
conservative organizations as the causa
and protector of existing evils. But it
is not easy to find remedies for these
things. Notwithstanding the excellence
of natural law, nature presents many
enormous evils, or things that so ap
pear. The best efforts of labor ares
at times destroyed by floods, droughts,
hurricanes, blizzards, frosts, disease of
herds and destructive pests. Famines
ravish nations and valuable cargoes are
Phi-wrecked by the elements. We see
nnd lament these things, but who can
suggest the remedy?
If we observe in the evolution of so
ciety and industry a natural law so
operating that great capital by produc
ing more cheaply than small capital
advances to the entire control of a
given line of business it is unjust to
charge any political party or class of
men with "this result. It is not true
therefore that the Republican party is
the friend of syndicates or combined
capital in any sense save that it de
clines to promise that which no party
can perform, or to attempt to move
against the laws of industrial evolution
and by false remedies produce reac
tion and enormous injury without ac
complishing any good whatever. It is
not certain that this evolution of in
dustry is unfortunate. Evolution is
scientific. Science is true, hence the
evolution of industry cannot be bad in
a universal view. It must not be for
gotten that good frequently evolves
through things apparently evil. In
progress along the line of -natural law
apparent evils find their own remedy.
One thing is certain, repression of evo
lution is no remedy, but is an impossi
bility. But it is claimed by Democrats
that free trade will prevent these vast
enterprises. This claim is without
merit. These so-called trusts exist in
England. Free trade will permit for
eigners to seil goods in our markets
made by cheaper labor, at less than
cost of production here, and this could
destroy these large industries or reduce
the wages of labor, but it could not put
concerns with small capital upon their
feet again, for these have already been
displaced by the fact that combined
capital produces more cheaply than
they could. How then shall they exist
under free trade in the still cheaper
production from other countries? The
Republican party has elevated to the
Presidency men who have sprung from
the ranks of labor and many of these
have commanded a world-wide admira
tion for wise statesmanship. It is a
party of progress and within its ranks
there is liberty of thought and expres
sion. Manifestly when its highest coun
cils have spoken its policy for the time
is defined and its members acquiesced
Its platform pledges can be realized
because impossible matters are not
promised and the party is not rendered
impotent by fatal division. Great
questions are pressing for solution
which require ability, patriotism, cour
age and patience. That the country
must look to the Republican party to
solve these questions in their proper
order seems beyond doubt. That party
is not lacking in sympathy for poorly
paid toilers or the worthy unemployed.
The masses which compose the party,
including the wealthiest in its ranks
are full of compassion for all suffering
or injustice, and while properly declin
ing to arouse false hope or to attempt
dangerous impracticable remedies, they
are willing and desirous that the very
best possible conditions may be reached
and to this end I believe they are ever
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Lady Londonderry
Has had quite a reception in
Pattosien's great two-acre store
the past week— and you wouldn't
think it! Yes; Lady Londonderry's
"Rory O'More" Rockers have
taken this town by storm, and
indeed the State by storm, for
that matter, for the wholesale
orders are coming in so fast that
it keeps the shipping clerks busy
all the time on "Rory O'Mores."
And why it is hard to see. The
"Rory" Rocker is in mahogany
or golden oak finish, trimmed or
plain— that's all. The price runs
from $1.50 to $9.50; several de-
signs, to be sure; but Pattosien's
don't boast of it. They have
rockers just as good, but nobody
wants anything for 51.50 but a
"Rory O'More." The company
is sorry they ever mentioned it,
though, because it cost consider-
able money to get the beautiful de-
signs of Lady Londonderry. Now,
to think it over, they find that the
"Rory O'More" Rockers are
standing in the way of all the
other rockers of high class, but of
course not of the same unique and
correct design, for be it known
that the "Rory O'More" is the
most reposeful rocker ever human
form fell into.
The Pattosien Company directs
very particular attention this
week to their stock of Carpets —
New Carpets — in fresh patterns,
weaves and effects — Carpets the
like of which you can't find any-
where in "this city at anywhere
near Pattosien's prices. Axmin-
sters, Velvets, Brussels, Ingrains,
Linoleums, Oilcloths, Genuine
Wilton Velvets (mind you, not the
printed stuff), at $1, sewed and
laid, instead or $1.20; Reversible
Brussels, a yard wide, 75c, instead
of $1; Smith's Tapestries, 50c,
instead of 65c.
Gor. 16th and Mission Sts.
patiently saying in their hearts, "Lead,
kindly light."
The more I have studied society the
more I have become impressed with
this important fact. It is not true that
the managers of vast enterprises are
more worshipers of money. They man
age their industries upon the same
principle adopted by every man who
does any business. They seek to ob
tain a good profit. Every man v/ho
invests or loans $100 does the same. It
is not a matter of choice with an em
ployer in Industry whether he will pay
better wages than another. The mo
ment he pays more than another in the
same line of business that other can
i and will produce more cheaply and un
! dersell and bankrupt the payer of
I higher wages. lam convinced that
the proper solution of grave questions
requires more charity as to the motives
! of men. I alsn favor supporting the
I Republican party in its attitude upon
the questions arising out of the latf
war. It is amusing to hear men say
It is against our policy to acquire ter
ritory by conquest. We planted our
flag in the capital of Mexico and ac
quired California by conquest and un
der a treaty of peace in the same man
ner that wo now acquire territory from
Spain. When we did this the sh
route of commerce to California was by
sea. as it still is to Alaska. The .''l^a
that laws cannot be made for a peo
ple, unless they all take part regarding
of fitness has ro foundation in our sys
! tern; some of our States exclude illiter
ates, all exclude all persons under 21
years. We have always determined
who are competent for self-govern
! ment. "Imperialism" just now is much
' used as a word of euphony.
One Republican Postmaster General
has recommended to Congress a postal
telegraph; another, placed in the rnbt
net by President McKinley, has recom
mended postal pavings banks. This
shows that the Republican party does
not hesitate to elevate to high and re
sponsible trust men of advanced ideas..
Tho lnst Republican State convention
in California declared for a system -if
public irrigation by State and national
enterprise, which is in line with what
I have advocated for years. For he
reasons stated and many others that
might be stated I am convinced 'hat
the cause of human rirorress can best
be r.dvanced by remaining with the Re
publican party.
THOMAS V. CATOR.
San Francisco, r>*--ot>rnber 27, IV9B.1 V 9B.
Cal. glace fruit 50c por lb at Tmvnsends.*
. ♦ ■
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public mon by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's . 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Ma n 10-12. •
Xn New Tears table is complete without a
bottle of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters, the
great South American tonic of exquisite flavor.
Frost has a variety of effects upon
different products. Under the s;ime in
nunticc ckps will burst, apples contract
and potatoes turn black.
BICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTBIjT AND
permanently cured by us ttg mki Tea. A.
pleasant herb drink. Curea constipation and
mnkes you eat, sleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction fruaranteed or money
back. At <~>w! 1 'rugr Cr>.
The Kurds and Cossacks believe that
Mount Ararat is guarded by an unearthly
being, and that no man can ascend the
peak and live.
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alam baking powders are {be greatest
menacers to health of the pr. sent day.
__ BOVM. DAKINQ POWMW CO., HP* YOWK.MR. GAGE WILL
SAVE MR. GUNST'S
OFFICIAL LIFE
3o Declared to Governor Budd
and Admitted He Acted
For Dan Burns.
Democrats Say That Budd Should Make
Prompt Reprisal by Appointing
a Successor to the Late
J. G. Edwards.
The facts concerning the plan that
has been mapped out by Colonel Dan
Burns and Governor-elect Gage for the
of Police Commissioner
- Gunst will here be told. Those
w ho read cannot fail to believe, and if
discredit attaches to the gentlemen
whose names have been mentioned
\ they have only themselves to
blame.
In brief, the situation, is that (Jov
ernor-elect Gage has undertaken, at the
request of Colonel Burns, to continue
Mr. Gunst, Burns" gambling partner, in
offloe. To do this he has found it neces
sary to disregard the provisions of the
law and the dictates of common cour
by fixing the date of his inaugura
tion for January 4. thus shortening
•-rnor Budd's term by six days. Mr.
<iunst's term of office as Police Com
missioner expires January 5. Gov
ernor r.udd has declined to reappoint
him. Governor Budd's term of office
expires January 11. Thus tt becomes
necessary for Governor-elect Gage, In
order to carry out his promise to Dan
Burns, to resort to measures that may
be considered somewhat questionable
from the standpoint of law and good
taste. The manner In which he has
about the task is partly made
plain in the following statement made
y.'sterday by Governor Budd at the
Palace Hotel. The Governor at first
declined to discuss the subject, but
when pressed for an answer he said:
"'A few days ago I received a message
from Mr. Gage, through my private
•aiy. Mr. Gape wanted to know
if I intended to appoint a successor to
• Commissioner Gunst."
ntinuing, Mr. Gage said: 'Colonel
Burns has been very kind to me, and
1 feel that I am under obligations to
him. He wants Gunst to continue in
office, and now that I am in a position
indie this matter for him I feel that
1 ought to do it. I am in no hurry to be
inaugurated, and would prefer to let
matters take their i ual course, but if
it becomes necessary I can be inaugur
ated in time to handle this appoint
ment. Unless I get the proper assur
ances I feel that I ought to take such
trse as will prevent any mistakes.'
"I sint Mr. Gage a reply, assuring
him that I would take the matter un
.l'lvisement."'
"'Have you ever been solicited by any
one concerning this appointment?" was
asked.
"By no one except Mr. Gage and
Mr. Gunst himself. Mr. Gunst came to
me some time ago and said that he de
eired to be reappointed. I gave him
no definite reply, but he may have
gathered from what I did say that I
was not favorable to his reappoint
ment.
"Mr. Gage called on me on Tuesday
and announced that he had fixed the
date of his inauguration for January 4
at the request of the executive com
mittee of the Republican State Central
Committee. I presumed that ended the
r, and so expressed myself. I
was sogiewhat surprised to read in the
: s this morning a number of inter
with members of the executive
, ittee in which they state that
there has been no meeting of the ex
ecutive committee since the election,
and that the matter of the date of Mr.
s inauguration has not been dis
( ussfd by its members.
"This is the first time in the history
of the State where a Governor's term
of office has been shortened to less than
f..ur yean. Governor Markham was
inaugurated on January 8, 1891. My
inauguration occurred <>n January 11,
and on January 11. ISW. I will have
held office four years. The appointment
of a Police Commissioner for San Fran
cisco is the only appointment of any
importance that will occupy the oon-
Btderatloo or demand the attention of
the Governor of this State between
January 3, 1899, and January 11, 1899."
Some days ago The Call obtained the
information that Governor-elect Ga?e
had srnfc a message to Governor Budd
announcing his intention to reappoint
Police <'<immissioner Gunst. Acting on
this information John D. Bpreckela hold
■a. conference with Mr. Gage. \Vhat oc
curred at that conference and the pur
tor which it was held is set forth
In th' 1 following statement made by Mr.
>ls yesterday:
When Mr. Gage and I met I
broached the subject of the appoint-
of a Police Commissioner for San
co for the purpose of learning
what action he intended to take regard
ing t: reappaintntt&t of Mr. Gunat. I
was deairoua of preventing him making
th" same mistake made by Governor
liarkham when he nppointed Gunst ami
which r- suited in the holding of mass
meetings in this city at which promi
nent citizens denounced the appoint
ment as a disgrace put upon the city.
"Mr. <;age evaded the point and de
clared that he had not yet given the
matter serious consideration. I rhen
v Id him that I wished him to appoint
tlfl to the position. I did this for no
other reason than a desire to force him
to say, if such had been the case, that
he could not do so because he had al
ready promised the place to Mr. Gunst.
Instead of doing. this he asked me why
I did not seek the appointment at the
hands of Governor IJudd. I replied thit
being a Republican I would not aeek
an appointment at the hands of a
I x-mocratic Governor.
"Mr. Gagre then said that he felt him
self to be under heavy obligations to
me, but that he would be forced to live
up to a rule he had adopted of declin
ing to make any promises in advance
of his inauguration. I saw that noth
ing would induce him to disclose his
Intentions regarding the reappointment
of Mr. Gunst, so I let the matter
drop."
The meeting between Governor Budd
and Governor-elect Gage at the Pal
ace Hotel on Tuesday was prearranged
by appointment. When Mr. Gage went
to the hotel to keep the appointment
he went upstairs, but instead of going
direct to Governor Budd's apartments
he went into a private room in another
part of the building, where he was soon
closeted with Colonel Burns. The con
ference was strictly executive and last
ed almost an hour. When it was final
ly brought to a close Mr. Gage visited
Governor Budd and made the surpris
ing announcement that he had been in
structed by the executive committee
of the Republican State Central Com
mittee to fix upon January 4 as the
date of his inauguration.
In order to bring about the inaugu
ration of Governor-elect Gage on Jan
uary 4 the preliminary business of the
Legislature will have to be rushed
through with such haste that many im
portant matters will be neglected. The
Legislature will convene on January 2
and permanent organization will not be
perfected until January 3. After per
manent organization has been effected
a committee from each house of the
Legislature will wait upon Governor
Budd and formally notify him that the
Legislature is in session and ready to
proceed with the transaction of busi
ness. The Governor will then tranbmit
his message to the Legislature and af
ter it has been read both houses will
adjourn for the day. On the following
day, January 4, the vote for Governor
and Lieutenant Governor will be can
vassed, after which Governor Gage will
be notified of his election. The can
vass of the vote requires considerable
time and it does not now appear how
it can be accomplished in time to al
low for the inauguration ceremonies
on the same day. As the matter at
stake is the saving of Mr. Gunst's of
ficial life it may be that decorum will
be thrown to the winds. The spectacle
will no doubt be interesting and in
structive.
Democrats in this city are indignant
j at what they are pleased to call the
j high-handed proceedings of Governor
elect Gage. They point to the fact of
Governor Budd's attitude regarding
the appointment of a member of the
Board of Equalfration to fill the va
cancy caused by the recent death of
Member-elect J. G. Edwards. Although
he possesses the right to make this ap
pointment. Governor Budd, out of a
feeling of delicacy, had declared his in
tention of allowing Governor-elect
Gage to name a Republican to fill the
vacancy. This fact is recalled by the
Democrats, who are now protesting
against what they term the indecent
action of Mr. Gage in anticipating the
lawful date of his inauguration in or
| der to be able to take out of the hands
! of Governor Budd the appointment of a
Police Commissioner for San Fran
cisco, to whom it rightfully belongs.
Those Democrats who were willing to
discuss the subject yesterday declared
that Governor Budd should now assert
his rights and appoint a Democrat to
fill the vacancy caused by the death <;f
the late J. G. Edwards. They say that
Mr. Gage, having seen fit to ignore
ocinmon courtesy as well as the law in
the matter of his inauguration, can
have no fault to find with Governor
Budd If that gentleman seos fit to ap
point a Democrat to a place c-n the
Board of Equalization.
TRIED THEIR GAME
ON THE WRONG MAN
TWO MEN OFFER STOLEN GOODS
TO THE ORIGINAL OWNER.
Believed to Be the Famous Showcase
Thieves and Will Be Held
for Burglary.
Officer \V. J. Smith last night arrested
Roy Allen and Albert Mont for attempt
ing to dispose of stolen goods. It is con
fidently believed by the authorities that
they are the same men who have been
breaking open showcases south of Mar
ket street for the past two months.
The young men were noticed along tho
street attempting to dispose of a gold
bracelet to passers-by, and officer Smith
wntchrd their movements closely. Finally
they met a man named .Marks, who keeps
a jewelry store at T.Yi Fourth street, and
offered him the bracelet at a low figure.
He examined it closely and recognized it
as one which had been Stolen from his
etore a few days ago. li> ;it once gave
the men into tho custody of Officer Smith,
who took them to the Central station,
where they were charged with burglary.
The two men answer the description
exactly of the men wanted by the police
f<>r breaking showcases and robbing
them of their oontents, and several other
charges will be placed against them to
day.
JAPANESE OFFICERS HERE.
Entire Complement of Officers for the
Cruiser Chitose Arrive Here by
Way of Seattle.
Th" complete complement of officers for
the Japanese cruiser Chitose arrived here
yesterday afternoon on the steamer Cen
tennial from Seattle and are staying at
the Palace. The officers are Commander
I. Mori and his subordinates. S. Tedsus
ka, H. Yomasoki. A. KaiuskJ. S. Okoiki
T. Yoko. T. Jajirl and T. Jkecla. All of
the officers are from Tokio, Japan. They
will be here about a month until their
Government formally accepts the cruiser,
When they will take charge and with a
crew of Japanese sailors will take the
Chitose to Japan.
The Waiters' Benefit.
At a meeting of the Walters' Associa
tion yesterday afternoon a vote of thanks
was tendered John D. Spreekels for the
assistance he has rendered them in con
nection with the entertainment tor
the benefit of the sufferers from the
Baldwin fire. The well-known comedy, "A i
Midnight Bell," rvil! be presented at the i
Alcazar to-night and the proceeds wiil j
be given to the fourteeen chambermaids
who lost all they had in the fire. Tickets I
are on sale at all the leading hotels.
No one will use a fountain pen after try
ing a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. ♦
THE SAX FH Ay CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
TROPIC BIRD
CAUGHT IN A
SOUTHEASTER
The Chitose Departs
on Her Trial Trip.
TWO VESSELS IN HARD LUCK
REPUBLIC IN AUSTRALIA AND
P. M. SMITH HERE.
Ship Eaton Hall Had Her Decks
Damaged and Boats Swept
Away in a Storm Dur
ing Her Voyage.
The barkentine Tropic Bird arrived from
Tahiti Tuesday night with the French
malls after a long passage of forty days.
She was scheduled to sail again on the
first of the year for Papeete, but as Biie
will have to go on the drydock and be
overhauled she will be late in getting
away. Captain Jackson says that he had
lan exasperating passage until the coast
:of California was reached. It was a suc
cession of light winds and calms through
out, and fifty miles a day came to be
i looked upon as a good run. On December
i 21 and 22, in latitude 34 degrees 5 minutes
i north, longitude 138 degrees 10 minutes
i west, a heavy southeast gale .was run
into. There was a nasty northeast sea
on, and wave after wave broke aboard
the barkentine. Sail was shortened down
to topsails, but before that could be done
the topgallant sail was blown out of the
gasket. Christmas day on the Tropic
i .Bird was spent in latitude 37 degrees 10
minutes north, longitude 130 degrees 20
i minutes west. The sea was as smooth
as glass, and there was not a capful of
i wind. ■ .
The only passenger on the Tropic Bird
was H. Hoppenstedt, German Consul at
! Papeete. He Is up here on a business trip.
| The barkentine's cargo consisted of cocoa
: nuts, copra, vanilla and vanilla Deans, and
fifty-five toa logs.
A couple of San Francisco vessels are
- having a hard run of luck. The ship
! Republic is following hers up in Aus
tralian waters, while the river steamer
i F. M. Smith is having hers right here in
! the bay. The Republic went from here to
I Puget Sound and loaded lumber for Aus
! tralia. After leaving port she was caught
j in a heavy storm and had to put in here
iin distress. She was leaking badly and
! had to be thoroughly overhauled be
fore she could proceed. She reached Aus
tralia, and after discharging her lumber
cargo was sold and put under the Chilean
; flag. She then went to Newcastle, N. S.
\V\, and loaded coal for Honolulu, but
soon after putting to sea she sprang a
] leak and had to put back to Sydney. For
i months the underwriters and owners
I have been squabbling over the insurance,
I and yesterday the Merchants' Exchange
! received word that the cargo of coal had
i to be discharged and the vessel dry-
I docked for repairs.
The F. M. Smith was formerly the 11.
C. Grady. She came here from Portland
I and went into the Sacramento River
trade, carrying fruit and vegetables for
the Oakland market. The venture did not
pay, and the vessel was soon plastered
i with libels and tied up. She was sold
by the United States Marshal and pur
chased by F. M. Smith, who fitted her out
for the Klondike trade. When the bot
1 tom fell out of the boom she was put on
' the Alviso run. During one of her runs
: she got caught across the creek, and the
! tide leaving her high and dry, she nearly
! broke her back. In spite of one or two
! other mishaps she was doing well, how
i ever, and was a favorite with the travel
! ing public, but her bad luck had not for
i saken her. Last week while moving from
Washington to Jackson street wharf she
backed into the latter structure and not
only broke her fantail, but cracked the
shaft. She was moved to the south side
1 of the Mail Dock and there beached for
repairs. Yesterday afternoon a tire broke
I out in the galley, and at one time it
j looked as though the steamer was
i doomed. The Fire Department was called
■ out and after some trouble the fire was
I put out.
The British ship Eaton Hall arrived
from Swansea yesterday after a long pas-
I sage of 180 days. During the latter part
! of August the ship ran into a terrific
i storm. The waves broke aboard in such
i a volume that the decks were damaged
I and all the boats were washed away.
Captain Lourison decided to run for Rio
de Janeiro, and arrived there on Septem
ber 3. It took a fortnight to make the
necessary repairs and then the Eaton Hall
! made another start for San Francisco.
The Japanese cruiser ChLtose made an-
I other start for the Santa Barbara chan-
I nel yesterday morning. It is blowing a
gale of wind behind her, so sho
i should make a record run down the coast.
I If all goes well and the gale has blown
itself out. she will probably have her trial
trip to-morrow, but if anything has to be
done to ship or machinery it will be Sat
urday before she has her race against
I time. _^__— —^— —
BASEBALL AS YOU LIKE IT.
A Strong League Formed to Furnish
the Live Article During the
Coming Season.
A season of good baseball is promised
'■ the followers of the national game next
1 year The success achieved by the league
that catered to the public in tne tpuro.B
ment which closed last week has Incited
the stockholders who represent the entire
capital stock of the Recreation Park As
sociation to meet and form a strong or
ganization for the purpose of furnishing
snappy playing. , ■ '
A meeting of these stockholders was
held in the offices of Eugene F. Burt last
right and the following board of directors
was unanimously elected: Henry Harris,
T. J. Bonnet, Eugene F. Burt, Nate Ja
cobs and James H. Anderson. Upon ad
! journment of the stockholders meeting
i the board of directors convened and elect
i ed the following officers of the corpora
tion, to serve the ensuing year: President,
i Eugene F. Bert; vice president. Nate Ja
i cobs: treasurer, the Anglo-Californian
' Bank; secretary, James H. Anderson.
Henry Harris, the old-time baseball
magnate, who is better known as 'Hank,
has been appointed general manager, and
> this fact alone speaks well for the toc
cffs of the league.
Eugene F. Burt, T. F. Bonnet and
"Hank" Harris will control the destinies
of the home team. They are already in
search of good material and have hopes
of placing a strong aggregation of play
ers in the race for the pennant.
A meeting of the managers, of the vari-
I ous clubs which will compose the Califor
nia League next season will be held in
this city next week, at which .time the
officers of the league will be elected and
a schedule will be adopted.
Twenty-Four Japs Landed.
The National Commissioner of Immi
gration notified Commissioner Hart North
by wire yesterday that the appeal recent
ly taken from his decision in the case of
twemy-four Japanese had been decided
in their favor. The Japs shipped from
Honolulu on the Alice Blanchard under a
two years' labor contract to gather guano
on the Cllpperlnn Islands. At the expira
tion of that period they were to be re
turned to Honolulu. They went to the
islands and worked for a few months un
til the supply of food gave out, and they
were taken to this port and dumped on
Eiecember 16 of this year. Commissioner'
North refused to allow them to land, his
refusal being based on the fact that their
fare had been paid by the corporation em
ploying them, and that they were, there
fore, assisted immigrants under the
meaning of the law.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N<>onan. 1017-1023 Mission.
The Fearless Again Libeled.
Joseph Duarte filed a libel yesterday in
the United States District Court against
the steam whaler Fearless to recover $646,
alleged to be due as wages and lay.
True story of the Philippine Is
lands, by Sol N. Sheridan, special cor
respondent, in next Sunday's Call.
PAID ALL
POLITICAL
OBLIGATIONS
School Board Jobs Easily Slip
Past Lane's Suit for an
Injunction.
Directors Create Principalships and Stuff
the "Day Unassigned List" With
Useless Teachers From the
Evening Schools.
MARK LANE'S injunction has not
enjoined.
Despite its ironclad prohibi
tions and its ingenious phrasing
the ready wit of the shifty
crew that manipulates the Board
of Education has found a way to evade
its provisions, and the debts, political
and financial, of the past year have been
paid off with interest and with neither let
nor hindrance.
No new teachers have been appointed
for the reason that it was not necessary.
No promotions have been made from the
"extra substitute class" for the simple
reason that no such list exists in the de
partment. Against both these things
Lane's injunction warned the board, but
it said nothing against transfers nor
against the creation of vice principalships
at fat salaries, and of this little oversight
the board took advantage to the extent
of recognizing every request made upon
it from whatever source or upon what
ever consideration. Six vice principal
ships were created and filled and two
that were provided some weeks ago were
assigned to favorites of the gang. Night
school classes were consolidated and the
teachers transferred to the "Day unas
signed list." In fact, the unassigned list
played the biggest part in yesterday's
disgraceful meeting. It was used to put
beyond the reach of the incoming board
favorites of the Directors who might lose
their jobs through the abolition of night
schools. The shaky ones were all consoli
dated out of their positions and stuffed on
the unassigned list, where no such word
as fired is known. From that list they
can be transferred only to the day
schoois, and when that glad day comes it
will mean an increase of from $2 50 to $v
in the monthly stipend and no more night
school work.
President Barrington was not present
when the meeting opened. He had been
there earlier in the afternoon, but his
daughter was lined up for one of the vice
principalships, and the strain was more
than he could stand. To the disgust of the
rest who were "on" he turned up missing
when his vote was wanted. Miss Har
rington, however, got her job. Director
Head was also absent at the roll call,
but he got in shortly after Director Wal
ler, as chairman of the Elementary Com
mittee, had got his report through. It
was Waller's report that started the ball.
It is a self-explanatory document and
needs no foot notes. It recommends as
follows:
That Mrs. J. D. Cooper be transferred from
the Franklin Grammar School to the day un
asslgned list.
That Miss E. F. Baker of the day substi
tute list be elected a probationary teacher and
assigned to Miss Cooper's class In the Frank
lin School.
ThAt Miss McGreevy of the South End School
be transfererd to the day unasstgned lint.
That whereas the three receiving classes of
the Marshall Primary School are In a con
gested condition and contain a surprlus of
puplli far in excess of the rules; therefore, be
it resolved that a new class be formed at said
Marshall Primary and that Miss Mlchener of
the Spring Valley Grammar School be trans
ferred to that class In the Marshall Gram
mar.
That Miss Alice Dunn be transferred from
the Hancock Grammar School to a class in the
South End School.
That Miss McGough, having been transferred
to the 1-incoln School by mistake, be trans
ferred back to the Hancock Grammar School.
That Mrs. Ostram be transferred from a
class In the Horace Mann School to one in
the Crocker.
That Miss I. Roberts be transferred from
the John Swett School to the Horace Mann.
That the following schools, possessing the
proper requirements according to the rules, be
raised to the ranks designated: Everett, from
second to first-class grammar; Denman, from
second to first-class grammar; Fairmount. from
primary to Intermediate grammar; Richmond,
from primary to intermediate grammar:
Halght. from primary to Intermediate gram
mar; Humboldt, from primary to Intermediate
grammar; Hawthorne, from second to first
class primary; Irving Scott, from intermediate
to second-class grammar.
That Miss I>. Cm be transferred from the
Fairmount Intermediate Grammar School to the
day unafslgned list.
That Miss R. Harvey be transferred from
the Crocker to a class in the Fnlrmmint School
and elected vice principal of said Fairmount
Intermediate Grammar School.
That Miss J. B, Hinds be transferred from
the Richmond Intermediate Grammar to a
class in the (Jnoper Primary.
That Miss M. H. Lannlgan be transferred
from Cooper Primary to a class In the Rich
mond Intermediate Grammar School and elected
vice principal of said school.
That Ma F. Harrington be elected a vice
principal of the Everett First Class Grammar
School, In which Khe id now a teacher.
That Miss S. C Farwell be transferred from
the Denman Grammar to the John Swett Gram
mar.
That Mlpb Alice Brees* be transferred from
the John Swett Grammar to the Dudley Stone-
Primary School.
That Ml.«s M. R. Carew he transferred from
the Dudley Stone Primary School to the Den
man Grammar School, and elected vice prin
cipal of said Denman Grammar School.
That Miss L. Orr, a teacher of the Halght
Grammar School, lie elected a vice principal of
snld schor.l.
That Miss O. Carrol of the Humboldt Inter
mediate Gramn.ar School be elected vice prin
cipal of snid school.
That Miss M. F. Lorrlgan, a teacher of the
■Whlttier First Class Grammar School, be
elected vice principal of said school.
That M!rs \j. F. Simon, a teacher of the
Hawthorne Intermediate Grammar School, be
elected vice principal of said school.
That whereas, the course of study requires
the teaching of elocution, rhetoric and debate
In the high schools of the department, we re
commend that E. Knowlton, vice and acting
principal of the Lincoln Orammnr School, be
elected n high school teacher and transferred to
snid department of elocution in the high schools
of the department under the direction of the
committee on secondary education.
0 That MHdiFon Bahrork. a regular teacher In
the department. bc> and is hereby elected prln
cliinl of the Lincoln Grammar School, vice E.
Knowlton transferred.
"I move the adoption of my report,"
said Mr. Waller.
"T object." rolled Armor. "It is noth
ing but a scheme to evade that injunction
and stuff this department with teachers,
and I won't sen Waller paying political
debts that way."
Waller insisted, and the injunction was
pulled on him. but, with the aid of Gal
lagher, he proved conclusively that Judge
Belcher's restraining order dealt with
the "extra substitute, list," and that there
was no such list known to the depart
ment. The report got the necessary
votes, including Hammond's, though he
waa for a time afraid. Head got in at
this point, and upon discovering what was
before the house said. "Mr. President, I
want to talk on this report. There are
two or three little jokers in it that this
board ought to know about. Take sec
tion 16, for Instance. It makes Miss Ca
rew vice principal of the Dudley Stone—"
Gallagher attempted the rescue of Di
rector Carew, who was in the chair, at
this point, by trying to stop Head from
dealing any further with the Director's
daughter, but Head would not be stopped
nor would Carew have it, but insisted
that he go on with what he had to say.
But Head let Miss Carew alone.
Head also dealt with section 23 and
claimed that ft gave Professor Baneock
the prineipalship of the Lincoln Grammar
School in payment of a political debt
owed him by Dr. Ragan. and he said
that there was no more use of a teacher
of elocution in the high school to which
Know! ton had been appointed to make
room for Babcock than there was for two
Boards of Directors. He finally changed
his vote and gave notice that he would
move for a reconsideration at the next
meeting. He was promptly headed off by
Dr. Ragan. who moved as an amendment
that the question be reconsidered then
and there. After a hard fight the amend
ment carried, and when the question came
up again It was promptly killed.
Dr. Racan then called attention to a
little resolution which he had sent to Sec
retary Walsh's desk. It was calcu
lated" to care for all of the teachers who
were teaching special classes and make
their jobs solid by making them regrular
teachers of the department. The resolu
tion was as follows:
Resolved. That the teachers of special
classes, now In the department and drawing
salaries as such, holding regular certificates,
be, and the same are hereby elected regular
teachers in the department for grades cor
responding to the grades of their certificates,
their assignment to remain as at present.
That in accordance with the resolution the
following special teachers be and they are
hereby elected regular teachers in the de
partment: Mrs. Spencer, stenographer in
Mission High School; Miss Estelle Carpenter,
music; Miss D. Moran. cooking; Miss M.
Coyle, cooking; Miss M. Miel, sewing; Mrs.
J. Cashman, sewing; Mrs. Hattie B. Steele,
stereopticon; Miss Mahan, Spanish; Miss M.
F. Dowling, Spanish; Miss K. Maguire. book
keeping; Miss L. Graham, bookkeeping; Miss
Rae Cohen, bookkeeping.
Then came the report of the Evening
School Committee. It was couched in
most ingenuous terms and was as redo
lent of virtue as a grammar school grad
uate. But it did the business. It put
fifteen Evening School teachers in safe
berths on the day unassigned list and it
robbed the incoming board of its thun
der by consolidating a dozen of the Even
ing School classes. It also offered an op
portunity to get back at Louis de F.
Bartlett for the active fight he has made
in behalf of the teachers who insist upon
being paid their salaries. Mr. Bartlett
was kicked out of his job as an Evening
School teacher and put on the rather
shaky evening substitute list.
The report of the Committee on Even
ing Schools recited that there has dur
ing the last year been a falling off in the
nightly attendance of the evening
schools and ingenuously says that a "ju
dicious, careful consideration of clnsses
should be made at this time." It there
fore recommends:
That a class in Fairmount Evening School
be consolidated and Miss Mary Mangan be ,
transferred to the day school unassigned list.
That the class* taught by Mlbb Carle in the
Franklin Evening School be consolidated and
Miss Carle be transferred to Miss Cohen's class
in the Horace Mann Evening School.
That the class taught by Dr. F. G. Baird in
the Franklin Evening School be consolidated
and Dr. Baird be transferred to the Horace
Mann Evening School.
That the class taught by Miss Taylor in the
Franklin Evening School be consolidated and
Miss Taylor be transferred to the day un
assigned list.
That Miss C. Friedlander be transferred to
the day u»asslgned list from the Hamilton
Evening School.
That the class taught by Miss M. Lowei In
the Hamilton Evening School be consolidated
and Miss Lowel l>e transferred to Miss Fried
lander's class in the Hamilton Evening School.
That Miss Julia Sullivan of the Horace
Mann Evening School be transferred to the
day unassigned list.
That Miss Katherine Lavylor of the Hor
ace Mann Evening School be transferred to the
day unassigned list.
That Mis? J. Doyle he assigned to the class
of Miss Julia fiullivan.
That Miss Rap <Y>hen be transferred to the
day unasslgned list.
That Miss E. Stafford be transferred from the
Richmond Evening School, that her class be
consolidated and that she he assigned to the
Horace Mann Evening School.
That Miss Johnson's class in the Spring Val
ley Evening S'-hool bo consolidated.
That Miss Kmma Madden of the Rlncon
Evening School be transferred to the day un
assigned list.
That Miss McCarthy of the Mission Evening
School be transferred to the day unasslgned
list.
That Miss Harvpy of the Lincoln Evening
School be transferred to the day unaßsigneti
list.
That Miss Ia Mnhan's class In thp Humboldt
Evening School he consolidated and that Miss
Mahan be transferred to the day unasslgned
list.
That Miss K. Kelly % s class In the Humboldt
Evening School be consolidate'! and that she
be transferred to the day unasslgned list.
That the class of Miss E. R. Coey in the
Irving Scott Evening School be consolidated
and that Miss Coey be transferred to the day
unasslpned list.
That Miss K. Gorham of the Horace Mann
Evening School be transferred to the day un
asslgned list.
That Miss E. Cerf be transferred from the
John Swett Evening School to the day un
asslgned list.
That Miss Maude Hart of the John Swett
Evening School be transferred to the day un
asslgned list.
Thnt a class In the Hamilton Evening School
be consolidated and that Louis de F. Bartlett
be transferred to the evening substitute list.
The report was adopted. Directors Head,
Armer and Derham voting no, and the
board adjourned without setting a date
for its next meetlnsr.
Injunction Not Dissolved.
Judge Belcher decided yesterday morn-
Ing that the injunction issued by him to
Mark Lane against the School Board was
sufficient and ordered that it be not dis
missed, as prayed for by the attorneys
for the defendants.
Santa Cruz Appeals.
An appeal has been perfected in the suit
of A. EL Wait? vs. the City of Santa Cruz
to the United States Circuit Court of Ap
pealfi. Judgment was rendered In favor
of the plaintiff in the Circuit Court for
the value of canceled water bonds to the
amount of joOO.OOO.
AD VEBTISEMEN T3.
Pianos.
Second-Hand
Chickering Upright
$165.
Special Reduction on
Conover and Kingsbury
Pianos This Week.
CLARK WISE & CO.
. 41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
Use . f^% and
Facial Soap ££ Facial Cream.
. Woodbury*» , Facial Soap. Facial Cream. . Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder have the Indorsement of
the Medical and Dental Professions. Sold
everywhere. ,
THE JANUARY NUMBER
,—, — OF —
Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly
(Edited by Mrs. FRANK LESLIE.)
Now JOcts.; $1 a Year
CONTAINS THB
COMPLETE STORY
I . . of the Sinking of the
"MERRIMAC"
and the Capture and Imprisonment of the Crew
at Santiago, by
0. W. DEIGNAN, uTs. N. f
Helmsman of the "Merrimac,"
With 33 New Illustrations.
BRET HARTE'S New Story,
"Jack Hamlln's Mediation "
JOAQUIN MILLER'S
In a Klondike Cabin
THOS. R. DAWLEY'S
" Campaigning 1 with Gomez "
J. C. GROFF'S "SirnaUng: at Sea"
EGERTON CASTLE'S Serial, "April Bloom"
FRANCOIS COPPEE'S " Orphan of Belleville "
MARQUISE LANZA'S " Women in Politics "
Poems by William Hamilton Hayne, Edith M.
Thomas, Clinton Scollard, Minna Irving', etc.
ALL RICHLY ILLUSTRATED.
FRCB Beautiful Art Plate, ten colors, '-A Yard ol
in " Tim Pansie* " or "A Yard of Puppies," lOx 80 in.,
and the Nov. and Dee. issues given fret, -with a #1 yearly
sut)9cripUon from Jan. or Feb. numbers. For2sc., 8-moa.
trial subscription and either art plate. Stamps or coin.
FRANK LESLIE PUBLISHING HOUSE, N. Y.
Copies Sold and Subscriptions Received by A'etcsdealen.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT fA7AH BEATS BY PHONE |
AL,V^AXAK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
HOYT'S
MIDNIGHT
BELL!— —
I— * JLw Juw JLw *
L. R. Stockwell as the Deacon.
its: PRICES
NEW YEAR MATINEE MONDAY.
COMEDY
TO-NIGHT AND ALL. THIS WEEK.
REMEMBER THE
NEW YEAR'S MATINEE SUNDAY.
The Beautiful Comedy Drama
A ROMANCE OF
COON HOLLOW!
P PT^ The Magnificent Scenic Effects.
VU U The Great Steamboat Race.
v)I 1 1 ; The Cotton Press in Operation.
vjxm The whirlwin? Buck Dancers.
The Same Splendid Production and Excellent
■ • Cast as given at the Fourteenth-street ■
Theater, New York.
NOTE— This is not a colored organization
but an "Idyll of the Tennessee Hills."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Prices ISc, 25c, 33c, fiOo
Matinees 15c and 250
SEATS NOW SELLING.
COMMENCING HOLIDAY MATINEE. Jan 2
OTT BROTHERS in "ALL ABOARD." ' '
RACING! RACING! RACING!
- "in
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning TUESDAY.
Dec. 27, to SATURDAY, Jan. 7, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at <:>?
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
la] lilt V\\ pSj A\\
r: ; • ■ . &
A Rhode Island Clergyman, speaking very earnestly of
hit experience, declares : In all cases of indigestion, insomnia, .
nervousness and allied ailments, I have found
Ripans Tabules
of inestimable value. I know of a score or more in this imme- i,
diate neighborhood who have been greatly benefited or per-
manently cured by use of them. I can say' nothing too strong
In favor of the medicine. It will do more than the makert
Clftini for it"
AMUSEMENTS.
columbia_theater' I
"Why Don't You Get a Lady of Your Own"
And Bring Her to See
THE BIG EVENT— WEEK • ONI.T
W. H. WEST'S
Bis Minstrel Jules,
Offering the Greatest Programme of the Decade.
EXTRA.
"TAKE YOUR HAT OFF."
WILLIE COLLIER
Is Coming Next MONDAY ■In :
I THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
"THAT'S RIGHT." " .' ' '
(MfMa theater
THIS WEEK ONLY. ' * ~
OVATION ENGAGEMENT. , . , ,  ;>
The Young American Tragedienne, ' *
NANCE O'NEIL, .
And an Augmented Company. .' ''
TO-NIGHT, Friday and Saturday
Evenings, First Production by Nance V •-'
.O'Neil of the great ro- ;";•'•
mantic Drama,
GUY MURING,
Miss O'Neil as the Gypsy, Meg Mcrrilleß.
Saturday Matinee. ;..... ...... :INGOMAR
Sunday Night, the Realistic. OLlVEß TWIST
MONS. AND~MME. ROFIX,
World's Greatest Chin Balancer. ' -
PILAR MORIN, ROSE ETTINGB AND
CLEMENT BAINBRIDGE, • '
In the Roaring Farce. "THAT OVERCOAT."
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, "Casey's
Friend." with New Stories.
RILEY AND HUGHES, Blackface Artists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, Vocalist. ■ - . ■
RAPPO SISTERS. Russian Dancers.
HORACE GOLDIN, Illusionist.
j THE THREE LUKINS, Acrobats.
MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats," 50c. - •
Next Week— PAPINTA AND FOUR NEW
ACTS. ■
ORPHEUM-EXTRA.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ ' SCHEEL, Musical Director.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Dec. 29, 3:13.
Programme includes:
Overture, "Lenora," No. 3 Beethoven
"Scotch . Symphony* Mendel
Prices, 7nc. $1 00 and Jl 50.
Seats Now on Sale at ■ Orphe\im.
MQROSCO'S GRAND
V altkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Managed
Week of Dec. 26. IS9S, .
Farewell Performances of
— THE MOROSCO STOCK COMPANY
IN
The White Squadron
Next • Engagement Extraordinary—
Great
HI HENRY MINSTRELS
At the Regular Prices.
10c, 25c and 50c.
Matinees .Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr. * i
YOU MUST SEE—
OUR SUCCESSFUL HOLIDAY SPECTACLE*
THE YELLOW DWARF.
A Delight for Young and Old! — *
EVERY EVENING.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 IP. M.
SPECIAL MATIN NEW YEAR'S DAY.
Monday, January 2d, 1899.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 500
N. B.— A reserved seat for the Matinee 25c.
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
SECURE YOUR SEATS IN ADVANCE.
CONCEPTS AND BESOBTtf.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TUESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS
and SATURDAY MATINEE, Jan. 3, -5. 7.
ROSENTHAL!
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST, :
Under the direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN.
Prices,' $1. $2 and $3. Sale of Seats ■at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. , • .
STEINWAY PIANO USED. "
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.'
FORMAN AND HOWLETT. America's
Greatest Banjolpts: FREADA, Whirlwind 1
Dancer: TRAVELLE. Shadowgrapher and 11- '
luslonijt. and ENDLESS NOVELTIES.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.," "SALLY" and "
"CONGO. WONDERS OF DARKEST AF-
RICA.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, 6c.8
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
Wheat declined. Barley steady.
Oats and Corn firm.
No change in Flour.
Liberal receipts of Hay expected shortly.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Light receipts of Coal.
Butter declined.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
More Eastern Poultry In.
Game steady.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Fruit market flat.
Raisins dull and weak.
Lar<i expected to advance.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec 28, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
lost season, and rainfall In past twenty-four
Last This Last
Station*— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.22 10.08 15.48
Red Bluff 0.00 3. 51 I «
Sacramento 0.00 3.72 4.38
San Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.07
K rf . F no 0.00 1.82 1.89
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 1.34 1.68
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
Pan Dleco 0.00 1.09 1.41
Turns . ... '• 0-00 1.32 0.81
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 46; mean, 60.
The storm which was central last night in
the British possessions north of Montana, has
moved eastward and is now central to the
north of North Dakota. A secondary depres-
Bl n has developed rapidly In the last twelve
hours In Southern Nevada. An area of high
rrt'ssure Is Impinging on the coast near the
Oregon-California boundary- These conditions
are causing high northwest winds and mod
erate gales on the northern California coast
and will cause a severe norther, accompanied
by rapidly falling temperature throughout
California, Nevada and Utah to-night and
Thursday.
Storm northwest signals are displayed along
the California coast from San Francisco north
ward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 29. 1898:
For Northern California— Fair Thursday:
colder; high northerly winds. ■
For Southern California— Partly • cloudy
Thursday: becoming much colder Thursday
night and in northwest portion Thursday;
brl.^k to high north wind.
For Nevada— Light snow, ending to-night,
followed by fair Thursday; much colder; high
northwest wind.
For I-' tan— Light snow Thursday; decidedly
colder: high northwest wind.
For Arizona— lncreasing cloudiness Thursday;
becoming colder Thursday night; wind shift-
Ing to northwest and becoming high Thursday
night.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
colder; high northwest wind.
m M.iunt Tnmalpias — Clear: wind
12 n:;los; temperature, 3S; maximum
temperature, 52.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2S.— Contrary to its
course for some weeks the stock market
showed a pronounced decline on the day's
trading and this was opposed to the tendency
abroad. London having bought some 25,000
shares, on balance. The volume of business
■was large, although not up to yesterday's
record-breaking figures. The greater part of
the business to-day was during the morning
rise, while the afternoon's decline was also
accompanied by a burst of animation. There
was no change in the favorable tenor of the
news marketwise, except that the Vanderbilt
reports were not considered up to bullish ex
pectations. The regular dividends were de
clared on Vanderbilt stocks and American To
bacco. Traffic reports were generally gratify
ing. Burlington's surplus for November in
creased nearly $238,000, and the net increase of
Northern Pacific for five months was over
$393,000. While stocks were strong at the
epening New York prices were not up to those
of London, where Americans were buoyant.
International paper, General Electric and some
other Industrials made ne - v high price records.
The Grangers and Coalers were strong. The
advance in the latter stocks, a great part
of which was retained throughout, was per
haps explained by a subsequent announcement
that anthracite prices had bt-wii ordered ad
vanced at Buffalo and Chicago. It became
evident that there had been large realizing
sales on yesterday's and to-day's bulges in
prices and traders attacked the general list
with considerable success. Call money was
advanced to 6 per cent, but subsequently it
eased off to about yesterday's quotations.
Sugar was weak, owing to the trade situation
In the early dealings, when the .rest of the
list was strong and at the close was an ex
ception to the general weakness. Federal
Steel early manifested weakness and late in
the day assumed prominence in the reaction,
offerings being on a large scale.
The bond market was irregular in spots, but
active Issues suffered somewhat In the late
transactions. Total sales, $7,460,000.
I'nited States old 4s coupon advanced 'i in
the bid price.
Total sales of stock to-day 812,700 shares
including: Atchison, 7145; Atchison preferred.
25.130; Burlington, 14,560; Denver and Rio
Grande preferred, 8830; Louisville and Nash
ville. 10.820; Manhattan, 40*0; Metropolitan
1905; Reading preferred. 23,010; Missouri Pacific.
32,220; Missouri, Kansas and Texas preferred
8^20 ; Northern Pacific, 26.320; Northern Pacific
preferred, 5420; Rook Island, 26,070; Union Pa
cific. 19,920; St. Paul, 36.720; Texas Pacific, 13,
• 20; Union Pacific preferred, 26,220; Paper 17-
Sl7; Cotton Oil, 12,190; American Spirits, 3530:
Tobacco, 9720; Steel, 44.020: People's Gas 14 -
S:0; C. V. and 1.. 6100: Lead. 6015; Pacific Mall,
12.845; Sugar, 46.C20; Tennessee Coal and Iron
11.500: Tennessee Coal and Iron preferred, 17,1
620; Chicago and Great Western, 12,410.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Alchison IB%iSt Louis & S W. T%.
Do prefd ."•■:> V Do prefd n'
Bultlmore & Ohio. C 7» 4 St Paul 11874
Canada Pacific 85 j Do prefd 166
Canada Southern.. £.64 St P & Om.. . 92
Cant Pac 41 Do prefd 16S
Ches ft Ohio 25 St PM & M.... 172
Chi & Alton 16i*4iSo Pacific 224
Chi B & Q 123% Bo Railway 10i?
Chi & X 111 S«4) Do prefd 41%
• Do prefd 110 Texas & Pacific... 18%
• Chi G w 16 Union Pacific 424
Chi In.l & L 74 Do prefd..,...:... 724
Do prefd 32 UPD& G. 2d ast
Chi & N W 141*, paid mi
Do prefd 187*4 Wabash SV4
CCC 4St L «3% Do prefd... 22%
Do prefd 95 Wheel &L E. 4th
Del & Hudson 1044 ast paid 54
Del L& W 1494 Do prefd, 4th ast '
Den * Rio <; 80% paid 26 ,
Do prefd 89% Express Companies-
Erie (new) m Adams Ex -....10S
Do Ist prefd 374 American Ex 143
Ft Wayne 175 United States 524
Gt Nor prefd 133*4 Wells Fargo 129 *
Hocking Vnl 8% Miscellaneous-
Illinois Cent 113% A Cot Oil 344
Lake Erie & W... 21 Do prefd 88*4
Do prefd 74 Am Spirits ; 13%
Lake Shore 20lVil Do prefd 37'
Louis ft Nash 64>ri:Am Tobacco... 142 V
Manhattan L (7% Do prefd 130 .
Met St Ry 190 Cons Gas 1944
Mich Cent 11l ! Com Cable C 0... 17".
Minn ft st L 36 Col F & Iron 21%
- Do Ist prefd 99 Do prefd  85
Mo Pacific 44*4 Gen Electric..- 954
Mnhlle & Ohio 31.; Haw Com Co 58
Mo" X ft T 134 Intl Paper 64%
"Do prefd 374 i Do prefd 91%
N.l Central 94 Lsclede Gas 51
N V Central Lead- '. 87*
N V Chi & St L.. 144. Do prefd 113
\ Do Ist prefd 70 ; Nat Lin nil 8»i I
BDo M ire.'d 354 Pacific Mall .-.. 44 "4 j
Nor West IS People's Ga5..:....1CW4
No Amer Co 6', Pullman Pal 151
No Pacific 434 Silver Certificate. 594 '
Do prefd 77 Standard R & T... K%
Ontario & W 17% Sugar .".... ■ ......122% '
Or rt & Nay -,0 Do P rcfd :.:.lll'*
Or Short Line 414 T C & 1r0n......... 3«H
Par C M prerd... «2 U S Leather..!.... 7*4 |
Do M prefd 634 Do prffd '.. 72 I
**>ur« 172 \V S Rubber 444!
Heading 19% Do preM 110*
Do is; prefd 454 West .Union 92 !
T< ,' • W- '• • 25 Federal Steel C 0... 47.% I
Do prefd:. 6T.4 Do urefd ; . .<:•",
Rock Island 113=4 a c Coast «U
St Lout* & B F.... S4 Colo Southern 7"
V-? efd 87V Da Ist prefd Fh
Do 2(1 prefd 33-4 1 no M prefd as%
CLOSING BONDS. • :
V 8 3s 107 Vi .\ .1 C 6s 115%
l. S new 4s reg....129i.; N Carolina 65... . .125
Do coup 1294 Do 4s , '..104'
■L' B4s 112 No Pac lsta... }ia
Do coup 1144 Do 3s -....69%
Do Mi 994 Do 45..". 1 ]0'"I
U S 6s reg 1134 N V C & St L 4.5..!1064 i
Do 5s coup 113 |Nor&W-6s 12S>! I
District 3.65s 118 1 Northwestern con 145
Ala class A 10S Do deb os.. 11914
Do B 108 O Nay ists W.'.m
Di C 100 O Nay i* .....lOOVi
Do Currency 100 O S Line 6s tr 130
Atchlson 4s S9H O S Line 6s tr.'...11l
IDo nrtj 4s 79 Pacific 6s of 95 102"^, !
Can So 2ds 112 Reading 45....?.. s?u
C & O 44s 00% R G W Ists S3 ■
Chi Term 4s 95 St L& I M con 65. 105
C & Ohio 5s 1174 St L & S F gen- 65. 1244
C H <<• D 44s 104&4 St P Coil :-.... 1624
D& R G Ist!. 108 St VC & P 15t«:.;.1214
D & R a 4s 103 ' Do 5s 121U
East Term lsts....lo7i<iSo Ry 6s 105%
Erie Gen 4s Stand R & T 65... 83U
F W & D lists tr.. 854 Term new set 35.,. M
Gen Elec 5s 108 Tex Pac L G 15t5. .1094
r, II A S A 6s 107 1 Do Rg 2ds 474
Do 2ds 103 If P D & G Ists... 874
H & T C 5s 112T4 Wab Ist 5s -...1134
Do con 6s 112 I Do«2d« 944
lowa C Ists 106 !\v Shore 45.. ...... .112' ■
La new con 45... .1034; Va Centuries ..... 834
LAN Unl 4s 974- Do deferred 74
Missouri 6s 100 Wis Cent 15t5...... 63 ;
M X * T 2ds 664 P 4s ....104"4
Do 4s 91 jcolo Southern 45.. 86V1
N X Central lsts..H7ttl
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar li) Ontario 800
Crown Point 12 Opolr 40
Con Cal & Va 1 lv Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry.... 21 Do prefd 4EO
Hale & Norcross.. 10 Sierra- Nevada 55
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 in
Iron Silver 72: Union Con 12
Mexican 27 1 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Ed Elec Tel 195
Call loans 2@3 Gen Elec prefd 168
Time loans 3(tj4 Atch prefd 60*4
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch Top A St Fe. IS4 Atchlson 4s 954
Amer- Sugar 12!% Wis Cent 6s 60
Do prefd lin. Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 3^ Allouez Mm C 0.... 6%
Hell Tel 277 Atlantic 31
Boston & Albany.. 247' I Boston & Mont 254
Boston & Maine... 170 I Butte & Boston 91
Boston L 82 I Calumet & Hec1a..635
Chi Bur & Q 123!4 Centennial 31
Fitchburg 107 Franklin 20
Gen Electric 954 Old Dominion 35%
Mexican Central., fi Osceola 84
NY & N Eng 99 Qulncy 141
Old Colony ISB Tamarack 182
Or Short Line 41 (Wolverine 34*;
Rubber 444!Parrott 34 1
Union Pac 42ij . Humboldt 2*i
West End S9» t , Adventure 9%
Westlngh Elec 384' Union Land 10
Do prefd 62 !
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2S.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were buoyant to-day, par
ticularly In home rails and Americans. Lon
don bought the latter freely. New York took
profits, causing a relapse of 4 to *i of a point,
but the close was very active and the tone
good. There was heavy Continental buying,
but investors were holding off. The favorite
was Norfolk and Western preferred. Union
Pacific was weak. Continuations were stiff, at
54 to 6, closing at 6& to 7. The carry-over
was not completed.
The banks are not letting- out fresh money
and are charging 4*4 per cent and 5 for new
loans, suggesting a ragged account. Copper
shares were strong. One hundred and thirty
thousand pounds gold In bars were bought by
the bank. The price then relapsed to 77s 114 d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 2S.— Canadian Pacific, 854;
Grand Trunk, 74: bar silver, quiet, 27 5-16 d;
money. 34 per cent.
MADRID. Dec. 28.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 60.15.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts.
47.000; exports, 35,091. Fairly active with spring
patents held a shade higher; winter straights,
$3 50@3 70.
WHEAT— Receipts, 520,775 bushels; exports,
SOS.SSB bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, SOV&c
f. o. b. afloat. Options, although opening firmer
on cables, turned weak under general heavy
realizing and were unsettled all day. Foreign
news was firmer; clearances large and ex
port trade active again, but not until the last
hour did It produce a steadying effect on
prices and then for a brief period only, after
■which under renewed long selling the market
broke again, closing Irregular at %c decline,
except December, which on a late squeeze of
shorts, closed He higher.
December, 75 11-16@77V«c closed. 7C%c; March,
77?i@7Sy;c, closed. 77*ic; May. 74%@75Vjc, closed,
74»ic
HOPS—
WOOL— Firm.
The metal market generally continues to
make long strides In the way of Improvement
In business and prices. The changes noted
to-day were most gratifying to sellers, copper
and tin in particular scoring further gains on
urgent demand and light offerings. News
from the mines was very encouraging and
the general prospect is all that could be de
sired. The London market continues to show
a ready response to change's here. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants firm at $750 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer, with $12 90 bid and
$13 asked. JSSLJ** ■ .
TlN— Higher, with $18 55 bid and $1S 70 asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $3 85 bid and $3 90 asked;,
spelter dull at $5 15 nominal.
Lead was quoted at $3 6. '- and Copper $12 7.".
by the firm fixing the settling price for lead
ing miners and smelters at the West.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 28,750 bags, including- ■
December, $5 55: January, $5 50; February,
$5 60; March. $5 75: April. $5 80; May, $5 85;
June, $5 90: July, $5 90@5 So.
Spot Coffee — Rio quiet;' No. 7 invoice, '**?;
No.. 7 Jobbing, 7Vic; mild, quiet; Cordova,
7\i((3lsc.
SUGAR— RaWi Irregular; fair refining. 3%c;
centrifugal 96 test 4}»c; molasses sugar, 8 c;
refined demoralized and tending downward.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6731 packages: firm;
western creamery, 15@21c; Elglns. 21c; fac
tory. 12<g144c. pnCft&aNH. l^
EGGS — Receipts, 3000 packages. Firm; west
ern, 2C4c; southern 23@25c. . . • ■
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2S.— California dried fruits
generally steady.
Evaporated apples, common, 74®Sc; prime
wire tray. &V; choice, ?(g9V«c; fancy, 10c.
Prunes— s© 104 c.
Apricots— Royal, Moor Park, 13«17c. . •
Peaches— Unpeded, 9(f?114c; peeled, 19®21c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Dec. 28. — For the first fif
teen or twenty minutes of trading in wheat
It looked as -If the market was in for a wild
day of It. The bull sentiment carried over
from yesterday was augmented by sharp early
advances in the Liverpool and Paris markets,
which caused shorts some, anxiety and drove
hesitating bulls to action. May started at 71@
71V*c, or %@^jc over yesterday's closing price.
But "wise" dealers who had been accumulating
wheat for over two weeks for just such a de
mand pounred in such quantities uf the cereal
that the market broke with a crash,- May be
ing driven back to 70-V3?~04c iinaer the flood
of offerings. Later cables, however, continued
to show strength and early figures indicated a
decrease in the world's visible supply. Before
10:30 the market had quieted down greatly.
Liquidation became insignificant and traders
who still had .faith in higher prices bought
enough to cause a gradual improvement in the
price. The visible Hgures proved a disappoint
ment, showing a moderate increase. In- the last
hour's trading the market again became weak,
liquidation becoming quite heavy, partly under
the influence of a late break in corn. May
broke to 69^. but before the close it rallied
to 70»»c, and that was the final price, Vie beiuw
yesterday's close.
' Corn was fully as irregular and active as
wheat. Cables were up sharply and this' and
the opening strength of wh«at started the
market irregular but strong. But so general
and heavy was the profit-taking that an im
mediate a-nd sharp decline resulted. The mar
ket later became qoleter anil stronger and part
of the decline was recovered. May closed Wit
lower.
There was a fairly large trade in oats, with
the market, much more steady than wheat and
corn. May closed a shade lower.
Trading In provisions u'as very large. The
market in the main followed the trend of
grain, opening strong and higher, but closing
lower and rather weak. Jt was a case of
: profit-taking. At the dose May pork was 15c
lower and lard and ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. !-*■ ■
December " 684 • 6«4 67-4 674
May -.... 71Vt "14 88% 70%
July - ■••. 69 : 63>4 ' 68-4 68%
. Corn Nd. 2—
December 37% 384- 37 374
May ..." .■ ■. 394 . 33% 38 K%
July '. '39% 39% 38% 38?,
Oats No. 2— ' ■
May .....-.: 284 . . 28% 1.2774 28%
July '. 274 27V* 264 264
■ Mess Pork, per barrel —
January .-.....- 10 27*4 10 274 10 00 10 024
May 10 65 ,10 TO 10 374 10 40
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 5 524 524 540 540
May .:.: 5 75 5 75 6 65 6 65
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
January 5 02,4 5 024 4 924 4 924
May 625 5 274 5 124 6 124
Cash quotations were as. follows:
Flour, firm: No. 3 spring Wheat, 650674 c: No.
2 red, 70c: No. 2- Corn, 37 »c; No. 2 Oats, 274 c;
No. 2 white, 294 c: No. 3 white, 2S©29Uc; No.
2' Kye. 544®54%c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b... 39047 c;
.No. 1 Flaxseed. \1 11; Prime Timothy Seed,
$2 SO;. Mess Pork, per barrel, JS 60@S 80; Lard,
per 100 pounds, to 35@5"55; Short Rib Sides,
loose, $4 80-55: Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed.
4»»@4»4c; Short Clear Sides, boxed. $5 0505 10;
Whisky, distillers" finished goods, per gallon
$1 26; Sugar, cut loaf, unchanged. :
Articles— ■ • • Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barre15.."..:....; :. -65,000 g3 000
Wheat, bushels ...141,000 ■ 103 000
Corn, bushels 399.00') . 146.000
Oats, bushels 548.000 326.000
Rye, bu5he15....'......' .■.'30,000 9.000
■Barley, bushel* :....- 73.000 000
■ On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14<!?204c- dair
ies. 124@17c. Cheese, quiet; SV« lie. ' Eggs
firm; fresh, 23@234c. ' ■ ■'
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
..Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— . • Bushels. . .Bushels
Duluth ..'  ' 190,998 '. X.883
Milwaukee 104.000 14.300
Chicago 141,000 . 102,725
Toledo 46.511 12,00")
St. Louis-.'. .17,000 114,000
Detroit- 11,000 • .7 544
Kansas City... '. : '
: Totals .7 ;-....'.•.-. '
• Tidewater-
Boston ..' 67,733 125.113
New York ■ gOS.G.M; 620,775
Philadelphia 74,313 . . 50,199
Baltimore -. > 07.223 ■ .-.
New Orleans./....:,........ „■. 41. 000
Galveston •...'... 103,938 152,000
• ■ - ■ ". :', _____
Total* i 1.1.111.661 > 888.087
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 114 6 9%
Closing 6 14 5 IH4 5 94
PARIS FUTURES.
Fl'.ur— Dec. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 45 25 45 40
Closing 45 25 45 4<l
Wheat —
Opening 20 40 21 30
Closing 20 50 2110
THE VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW TORK, Dec. 28.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreefs indicate
the following changes in the visible sup
ply of grain last Saturday, as compared with
the preceding Saturday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 707,000 bushels. Liverpool
Corn Trade News reports afloat for and In Eu
rope, increase. 1,000,000 bushels; total supply.
Increase, 2»3,c00.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase. 1.076,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, 144,000 bushels.
WHEAT SHIPMENTS FROM NEW TORK.
NEW TORK, Dec. 29.— The clearances of 808,
656 bushels of wheat from New Tork to-day
breaks all records in the history of the Pro
duce Exchange. The wheat is destined for
general distribution in Europe, Including
Mediterranean ix>rts.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— Light receipts of cattle
to-day resulted In a strong market. Commoner
grades, $3 90@l 60; fairly good to strictly
prime, $6@5 70. The greater part of the offer-
Ings sold at $4 80@5 60. Fancy cattle, $6 75@6;
stockers and feeders slow but steady at about
unchanged prices. Calves were scarce, best
grades bringing $6@7.
Trade In hogs was active and prllcee aver
aged 6c higher. Bulk of the sales. $3 50®3 70.
Hogs sold at an extreme range of $3 SbQZ 70;
pin, J;;vj3 jg,
SHEKP— There was not a very good demand
for sheep axid lambs, but prices were kept
from weakening by continued light offerings.
Sheep sold at $2 50QS for the poorest, to $3 75<g 1 4
'or the choicest lots, the offerings being mostly
fed westerns. Few sold below $3 50. Yearling
sheep brought $4 10@4 50 and lambs $4@5 25;
largely at $5 WaS 25.
Receipts— Cattle. 12.000; hogs, 44,000; sheep,
4000
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 28.— Cattle— Receipts,
7000. Market strong, active; native steers,
$3 4p{fs 40; cows and heifers, $1 50® 4 40; stock
ers and feeders. $3 33-34 40; bulls. $2 60@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 15.000. Market 6@loc high
er. Bulk of sales, $3 40@3 60; heavies, $3 s(i®
3 70; packers. $3 40@3 62V±; mixed, $3 40@3 60;
lights, $3 15® 3 40; yorkers, $3 45@3 50; pigs,
$3@4 -"■■
■ SHEEP— Receipts. 3000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3<gs 25; muttons, $2 10@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. 2S.— Cattle— Receipts, 1600.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 2555 40;
western steers. $3 So@4 40; Texas steers, $3 60®
4 10; cows and heifers, $3@4; canners, $253;
stockers and feeders, $3 30@4 40; calves, $4®
6 B0; bulls and stags, J2@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 16.000. Market a shade to
5c higher. Heavy. $3 4Ofj3 47H; mixed, $3 45<7J
3 47%: lights. $3 47V403 50; pigs. $3@3 45; bulk
of sales $3 45@3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, J3 60@4 25; western muttons,
$3 50@4; stockers, $2 50©3 50; lambs, $3 75@5.
:. : V : : " DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. Cattle— Receipts. 300.
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 75@4 25; cows,
$3<5?3 50; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 65@4; i
stockers. freight paid, $3 75@4 60; bulls, stags,
etc.. $1 755J2 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 400; Market • slow and
'lower. Light .packers, $3 37H@3 42%; mixed,
$3 32H«i3 S7V4; heavy, $3 10@3 25.
— Receipts, none. Market dull and
unchanged. ' : •
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. Dec. 2S.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool trade: ' • ".
The last week of the year haa been charac
terized by a good Inquiry for wool and with
fully as good a. feeling as has been noticed for.
months. All eyes are now turned toward the
goods market. All are looking for an im
provement "In the demand for fabrlos, which, if
it develops, will bring a large volume of
business into the wool market in the course of
the next month or two. ' •
• The demand for domestic wools during the
past week has run principally to territory.
Texas and pulled wools, while in foreign wools
the chief features have been the sales of some
■round lots of Australian wools. In unwashed
quarter and three-eighths blood wools a fair
movement is also noted: Fleeces., as a rule,
have been quiet.
• • The sales of the week in Boston amount to
■2 750000 pounds domestic and 1,015,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 3,795.000, against a
total of 6.624.000 for the previous week and a
total of 7,396,000 for the corresponding week last
year Sales since January 1. IS9B. amount to
141,132.510 pounds, against . 369.025, 100 last year
at this time..
REVIEW OF THE WOOL, SITUATION.
BOSTON, Dec. 28.— The Wool and Cotton Re
porter in Its annual review which comprises a
purvey of the wool siuatton In the United
States in IS3B in all its. features, will say to
morrow: . • ' . ■ ' .
To briefly summarize, there are 279,319,017
pounds of wool In the United States to-day,
outside of .manufacturers' hands, against 223,
719.29*"' pounds at the close of 1897. The amount
in the three principal markets Is 144,571,446
pounds, apainst 158,754,296 a year ago, and 144,
831,788 two years ago. It will be noted that
while the stocks In the three leading markets
are 14,152.55u pounds smaller than a year ago,
the stocks throughout the entire country' are
56,567,721 pounds larger. Wool has crime for
ward from the West much more (Jowly than
usual. This may be illustrated by the fact
that the receipts of domestic wool at Boston
this year have amounted to only 80,969,000
pound's against 150.916.400 pounds in 1897, a
Jailing off of practically 50 per cent. In fact,
the sales In Boston during 1897 were 15,540,456
pounds larger than the total receipts of both
domesttc and foreign. The sales In Boston
were 141.132,510 pounds, against 361,632,100
pounds in the previous year. The sales in the
three leading markets of the country were 23",
456.355 pounds, against f.27A r >5,375 in 1«97. The
sales In 1898 were the smallest so far during
the last decade of the nineteenth century, ex
cept thoee for 1893, which amounted to only
199,504,383. The average weekly sales in the
three leading markets were about 4,500,000
pounds, compared with over 10,000,000 pounds
in 1897.
Nominal quotations on wool were fairly well
maintained during the larger part of the year,
but in the last quarter there was a decline to
a lower level. In which even foreign wools
shared.
At the opening of the year fine and fine
medium territory was. quoted on a clean basis
of GOc, against 42<f?43e at the close of December.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— Consols, llOty: silver,
27 5-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 924 c; wheat car-
Koes off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on pas
sage, sellers at advance 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 295; English country markets,, steady.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 2S.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, strong, pteady; flour in Paris, dull;
French country markets, steady.
COTTON- Uplands, 3 3-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot, firm. No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s 4d; No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s 2d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 2S.— Wheat futures closed
quiet: December, Cs 14d; March. 5s HVid; May
5s S4d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 28.— Exchanges, $»7,
695; balances, $87,943.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec., 28.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 60c; valley and blue stem, 63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec, 28.— Wheat— Club. 60c;
blue stem, 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.../.... — $4 $2%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables . — 4 86%
New York Exchange, -sight — 15
New York. Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars — . 47>4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. . •
•WHEAT— The market -was weaker again,
owing to a decline at Chicago. Trade was
dull, as usual.
Spot Shipping, $1 15@1 17!*; milling:.
»1 20@l 22%. -
CALL BOARD SALES. ..;
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 4000
Ctls, $1 20*4: 10.000. $1 20%: 26,000, $1 21.
Second Session— May— ctls, Jl 2114; '■ 6000,
*1 21%.
Regular Forenoon Session— May — 14,000 ctls
$1 21; 2000, $1 20% ■; 76,000. $1 20%.
Afternoon Session— 2o,ooo ctls, 1120%;
34,000. $1 20%.
BARLEY— market for spot Barley
stands about the same, though futures are
lower and dull.
Feed, $1 2"H@l 30; Brewing, $1 15@1 45 per
ctl.
' CALL BOARD • SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ■ \~.
Regular Forenoon Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctls, SSc.
Afternoon Session — sales. -
OATS— Collection day Interfered with busi
ness, though the market was : firm. .:
• Fancy Feed, {1 3001 S2H per ctl; good to
choice, Jl 2551 27",; common, $1 20@l 22H: Sur
prise. ?1 85@1 1214; Gray, *1 25ffl 30; Milling,
$1 27Mt<gl 32^ per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 60; Black.
$1 60£$i 75.
CORN— There is no change to report. The
market Is firm, hut quiet.
Small round yellow, $1 20: Eastern large yel
low, $1124® 11S; white. $1 12%@1 15; mixed.
$1 r '7'/§®l 10 per ctl; California white. $1 12Vs@
RYE — California, $1 17Vi@l 22V4; Eastern,
$1 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15®4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 9054 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, |3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
»4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. *3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 S6Su6 :0; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFF 9.
Dealers are expecting liberal receipts of Hay
immediately after the first of the year, and
this tends to keep the market quiet. Bran and
Middlings are firm at the advance.
BRAN-$1C(518 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J19@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS —"Rolled Barley, $26 sOr§>27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50;
Jobbing. $32032 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25: Cot
tonseed Meal, $2Sfi3o per ton; Cornmeal. $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24^25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat. $16 50@18 for
good to choice, and $14®~16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $15@16 50;
Oat. ZWqte m; Island Barley. $12@14: Alfalfa.
$11 SOS 13 50: Stock, ?11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50^15; Cheat.
$12(612 75: Alfalfa. : Oat, $13 60® 15; Clover,
$11@12; Timothy, $11 50'u 13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35<g 76c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The situation remains unchanged.
BEANS-Bayos, $1 86@2; Small Whites, $2 15
62 20; Large Whites. $1 80@l 95; Pinks. $1 95(&
SOS, Reds, $3 15®3 25: Blackeye. $3 75@4; But
ters, $2@2 50; Llmas. {3 25®3 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 4052 50 per ctl.
SEEDS-Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 76 per ctl;
yellow mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2© 2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%<g2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 54@6%c: Rape,
2\t'<r2\c; Hemp, 24@3c; Timothy, 5(g54c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@l 75; Green, $1 75
<? 1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The markets under this head were quiet and
quotations showed no further change of con
sequence.
POTATOES— 6S@7Sc per ctl for Early Rose;
60f(75c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, $iyi 15; Oregon, 75c(g$l; Sweet Po
tatoes, $1 60^1 85 for Merced; New Potatoes,
2&2ijC per lb.
ONIONS— 6O@7Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. Sc; String
Beans, 10c; Cabbage, 40rg50c; Tomatoes, 75c@
$1 25 for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 15c per lb;
Garlic, 7<6Sc per lb; Dried Okra, 13c per lb;
Green Peppers, Vg-oc per lb; Dried Peppers,
10@15c: Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25Ji35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Eastern Poultry sold at $5@5 50 for
hens and young roosters, {4 50<g5 for old
roosters, $4 for broilers, $4Q4 50 for fryers,
$1 76@2 for geese, 13@14c for turkeys, and $5®
6 50 for duck's.
Another car of Eastern came In. Turkeys
were higher under decreased arrivals. Other
Poultry was about the same.
Game was in moderate receipt and steady.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c; live.
Turkeys, 13^14c for Gobblers and 13^ 14c
for Hens: Geese, per pair, Jl 50®l 75; Ducks,
$4 aOCci'i; Hens, $S^4 50; young Roosters, $4>§s;
old Roosters, $44f4 50; Fryers, WSi 50: Broilers,
J4 for large, $3>a 3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1®
1 25 cer dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25; Mallard, $3fj'4 50;
Canvasback, $4(<T6; Sprig, $2?2 50; Teal, $1 25®
1 GO; Widgeon, $1 snjil 75; Small Duck, Jl^l 25;
English Snipe, $262 50; Jack Snipe, $](al 25;
Gray Geese. $2 'Mi?,; White G«ese, Jl 25: Brant,
$1 KOI 75: Honkers, $3Tj4; Hare, $1; Rabbits,
$.1 50 for Cottontails and SI for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues ■weak and dairy la consider
ably lower.
. Cheese stands the same. .
There .is no change In Eggs, but some deal
ers are making concessions to sell.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 28@2S4c; sec
onds. 26(3 27c.
Dairy— to fancy, 22@25c; common
grades, 18(g21c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17<j?18c; pickled roll,
17@lSc for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, ' 22®22%c. ,
Kastern Butter— Ladle packed, 18®164c per
lb: Klgin. 22®22%c. ; ■::...
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12@12%c: old, 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, 12@12%c; Young Amer
ica, 12@13o; ; Eastern. 10@12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 35@3Sc per dozen: sec
onds, 30@33c; store Eggs, 25@30c; Eastern, 224
©25c for ordinary and 2S(Q3Oc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The whole market Is : flat at th« old quota
tions. .■■-'•; ;•".":
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 60@10 per barrel for Eastern
and tl^l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, fl 25igl 75; Apples, in barrels, $5@9.
— 60c@$l 2.". per box. M
Persimmons— 7scfejl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, Jl®2 SO per
box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 60; Mandarins, $I@l 25;
Lemons, 75c® Jl 50 for common and $2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Cali
fornia Limes, 25<g75c per small box; Grape
Fruit, *1 50#3 50; Bananas. $1 60@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3© 5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Raisins are dull and weak on the local market
and can be bought at the f. 0. b. Fresno
prices.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%e for 40-50's, 414®
5c for 50-60" s, 3\b<3>3Kc for 60-70' s, 2>i'(g3c for
70-?o's, 2U'92Vic for SO-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
l^a@l%.c fur 100-110"s; Silver Prunes. 2H@sc;
Peaches, VS'^c for good to choice, 7'<i@Sc for
fancy and 10©12Vic for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12Vj®13Vic for Moorpark; Evap
orated Apples, 7Vi@7>,4c; sun dried, 4^4^c;
Black Figs, sacks, 2@2Vic; Plums, 4H@6c for
pitted and lS'l'^r; for unpltted; Nectarines, 6#
7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6®Bc for quarters
and SfffOc for halves.
RAISIN'S— 3?«c for two-crown, 4«ic for three
crown, s»ic for four-crown, s%@6Hc for Seed
less Sultanas, 4Hc for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2*iS3c
NUTS— Chestunts, Bffl2\ic per lb: Walnuts,
7@Sc for hardshell, P^lOc for softshell: Al
monds, 7@Sc for hardshell, 13'g'14c for softshell,
15fin6c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for East
ern and 4V4@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
<&5.
HONEY— Comb, lP^llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades: water white extracted, 6Vj@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s®sV*jC
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24^2«c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers expect to mark up Lard In a day or
so, as It Is very firm.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 7%c per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium. 10c for light, 10^c
for extra light and 12@12i4c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lO^lO^c; California
Hams, 9%®a%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mrss Beef, $11 : Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50®
16; Smoked Beef, 11^^120 per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at s'/4c per lb for com
pound and 7@7',-ic for pure: half-barrels, pure
7Hc; 10-lb tins. 7%c; 5-lb tins. Be.
COTTOLENE — Tierces a%^d%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9H<s
3-lb palls. 20 In a case, S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, $4e; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7vbc; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, SHe; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7\c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— fulls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 8V;c: light, Sc; Cowhides,
8c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf. Sc; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands. 12c; dry
Kip and. Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15<g2,'c each; short wool, 30cg40c
each; medium, 6T®SOc; long wool, 90c<gJl in
each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75(82 for large and
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, |1 60
for large and fioc@sl for small.
TALLOW-Xo. 1 rendered. 3Uig!3%c per ltr
No. 2, 2%c: refined. 4*i<93e; Grease, 2c.
WOOL/— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, i«
months', 7Q3c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months'. B<ir?c; Foothill and Northern, free, 12
<gi4c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9®llc
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada, 9&>
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9^ll
Northern Mountain 7$ s
Southern 6® 7H
Plains 5@ 6
HOPS— IB9S crop, 12Hfl«e per lb for ordinary
HH@lsVjc for good and 16@lSc for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4 7 s'^6c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags. J4 K.
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 30; Seattle,
J6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. Jo; Wallsend, J7 H;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland. $8 BOi^ in bulk and $10
©10 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite EgK.
$11; Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs arid
Castle Gate, J7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Moana
left the following cargoes of coal have been
delivered here from Australia, vlx. : Jeanne
d'Arc, ISI9 tons; Cardiganshire. 2045 tons; Juleß
Verne, 2175 tons; Cromdale, 2560 tons; total,
5989 tons. Thin makes a total delivery for two
months of 15.650 tons, being an exceptionally
small amount, so that the Colonial fuel now in
yard amounts to but little, and besides all
that can possibly arrive here prior to March
next will not amount to over 17,000 tons. This
will insure full values for the first half of
1899. The total engaged tonnage now en route
and yet to load coal at Newcastle and Sydney
for here foots up about 80,000 tons capacity, in
all thirty-three vessels: some of these will not
arrive here before August next. The latest
cabled freight rates from Newcastle for coal are
lSs to ISs 6d per ton for immediate loading,
and 16s 6<i to 17s for March-April loading.
These appear to be pretty stiff rates, but in
the absence of a seasonable rainfall there is
no reason for any reduction, as this Is a very
poor port to seek for any profitable freight busi
ness for the present. After January 1 the ad
vance of 1 shilling per ton on Newcastle coal
coes Into effect. This advance, combined with
high freights, will establish a delivered price
here, which w(U drive consumers to seek
cheaper fuel."
SI GAR- The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6"/fcc; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated. 57*e; Dry Granulated. 5%c: Con
fectioners' A, s"ic: California A. B^c; Magnolia
A, 5%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C. 5%c; half
barrels, Xc more than barrels, and boxes He
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6^-f6%c: second qual
ity. 6U6Vic; third quality. ihi®Shic
VEAL— Large. 6"*ig7u C : small. 6V>@Sc per lb.
MTTTOX-Wpthers, 7@7';,c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 71-iggc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4«?4%c for large. 4%<f4He
for medium, and 3%@s^c for small; stock
Hogs, 2H@3c; dreseed Hogs, 6@6Ho for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. Dec. 28.
Flour, qr sks 4,6oo'Pelts, bdls 492
Barley, ctls 3.475, Hide5, no 1.212
Tallow, ctls 209|Wlne, gals 4P.P00
Butter, ctls 191; Brandy, gals 6,325
Choese, ctls 24 RaJstns, bxs 450
Beans, sks 129 Eggs, doz 6,300
Potatoes, sks 2,136, Quicksilver, flka. 106
Onions, sks 451 Leather, r0115.... 121
Bran, sks 323 Lumber, feet 10,000
Middlings, sks.... CO Lime, bbls 91
Wool, bales 335lHay, tons 34
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 960 Oats, ctls 1,610
Wheat, ctls B.6so|Hav, tons 20
Barley, ctls 19,030!
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400]
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10'
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were firmer, but dull.
The Union Consolidated assessment falls de
linquent In board to-day and the Gould &
Curry delinquent sale takes place also.
In local securities ■ better prices ruled for
Oceanic, Hawaiian and Gas and Electric, and
lower prices for Q>aht Powder.
The Boston and Colorado Smelting Company
has declared a dividend of 75 cents per share,
equal to 14 per cent, payable on January 3.
The Horn Silver Mining Company of Utah
has declared a quarterly dividend of 6 cents
per share, amounting to $20,000, payable De
cember 31. This will make a total paid since
organization of $5,200,000.
To-morrow the stockholders of the Hale &
Norcross Mining Company will vote upon a
proposition to dissolve the old corporation and
form a new company with the same number
of shares (112,000), with a reduced capital
stock.
The Giant Consolidated Powder dividend of
50 cents per share will be payable January 10.
The Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion has declared a dividend at the rate of 6
per cent per annum on ordinary deposits, 7
per cent on term deposits, '■ 10 per cent per
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock.
The Hlbernia Bank has declared a semi
annual dividend at the rate of 3% per cent on
all deposits, payable January 3.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 23.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. — — SF G & 8... 87! i $74
4s quar reg... — — San Fran 3 l ; —
4s quar new... — — . Stockton Gas. 10',i 14
Ss quar c0up. .107 — Insurance —
Miscellaneous — Firem's Fund. 2lo —
Cal-st Cab 65. 115 117- Water Stocks—.
Cal El 6s 1251-4127% Contra Costa.. 50% 55
C C Wat 65... 103 — Marin Co 50 —
Dup-st ex c... — 954 Spring Valley. 101%102-
E L & P 65...130%13l Bank Stocks—
V&CI Ry 6s. 114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64% 654
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of ..2654 —
II C& S 6%5. — 105 Cal SD & T..100 101
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nationl.22o 250
Do gntd 65. .100 — Lon P & A. ...133 —
Market-st 65..12S T /4— Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 6s. — 115% Nev Nat 8....176 —
N C N G R 75. 1114 — Savings Banks—
NRy Cal 65.. 116^120. Ger S & L..1625 —
N Ry Cal 55. .108 — Hum S & L.1060 1160
NPC R R 65.103 — Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R ss.lD2Vi — S F. Say U. 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 103 105 S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas ...110% — Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 6s 127%125% Union T Co. 1060 —
P&CI Ry 65.107 — - Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 112 — California ....110 —
Powell-et 65. ..118 123 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-st .... 69 —
F& N P 55. 11 l 112 Oak S L&H. — —
SierraßCal 65. 10441064 Presidio 94 —
8 P of Ar 65.. 1114 — Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)112 1124 California ....160 —
| SPC 6s (191.01184 — Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg 55.103 — Giant Con Co. 60 604
SPBr 6s 120 4 — - Ylgorlt. 3H 3»fe
S V Water 1194120 Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4a. — 103 Al Pac Assn.losV4lo6
S V W4?(3dm).lolH — Ger Ld.Wks..l6o —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 104 ] Hana PI C 0... 17V4 17 7 4
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 57% 5814
Capital Gas... — — i Hutch S P Co. 64»i 64$
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. SO —
Cent L & P... — 15% Oceanic S Co.. 62% 63
Mutual El Co. 11 — Pac A F A... IK —
Oakland Gas.. B2H 524 Pac C Bor Co. 100 —
Pac Gas Imp. 85%— Par. Paint Co. 7 —
Pac LCo 49 49%
Morning Session.
Board— ' ; ;•* ■;
150 Giant Powder Con ■. 80 50
335 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
240 Hutchlnson S P Co 64 75
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 37%
25 Market-st Railway, cash 6S 874
45 Mutual Electric Light 11 00 "
50 Oceanic S S Co 63 00
SOS F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
800 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 60
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 25
Street—
$1000 Edison L & P bonds ....130 75
$SOQP S P of C 6 per cent bonds (1905-6). .112 25
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds 119 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 61 25
100 Giant Powder Con 61 00
60 Giant Powder Con 60 7.i
10 Giant Powder Con 60 58
25 Giant Powder Con 60 25
2"i Giant Powder Con 60 00
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 68 25
lfiO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 00
340 Hutc-hinson S P Co 64 75
80 Mutual Electric Light H 00
$1000 N P C R R a per cent bonds 102 50
$1000 Omnibur Cable bonds 12S i) 0
100 Par Aux Fire Alarm i 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Co S7 50
55 S V Water 101 "5
$3000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 B0
25 Vigorlt Powder 3 37^
Street—
$17,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge)... lol 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In ths San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 18 100 Hale & Norcrs.. 10
200 Con Cal & Va...l 10 200 Sierra. Nevada.. S2
50 Gould & Curry.. 23 400 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 05 350 Mexican J9
100 Best & Belcher. 31 100 Mexican 28
SOO Con Cal & Va...l IS: 50 Occidental 50
300 Gould & Curry.. 25:100 Savage 10
300 Gould & Curry.. 26 300 Union Con 16
700 Hale & Norcrs.. lOi
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha Con 04,700 Potosl 13
650 Con Cal & Va...l 10 200 Potosl 14
200 Con Cal & Va.l U4 300 Sierra Nevada.. 81
300 Gould & Curry.. 2':. 300 Sierra Nevada.. 87
400 Gould & Curry.. 23; 300 Union Con U
200 Justice 18 400 Union Con IS
100 Occidental 75 300 Union Con 16
150 Ophir o0 1000 Yellow Jacket. 23
Afternoon Session.
EOO Andes 05 200 Occidental 60
400 Be?t & Belcher. 34 200 Occidental 49
200 Chollar 14 200 O«cf dental 48
1000 Con Cal & Val 12y 200 Ophir 50
200 Confidence 01 1300 Potosl 13
300 Mexican 29 1 200 Sierra Nevada. .S7V4
100 Occidental 531
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia _ oi
Alta 07 OS Justice 14 15
Andes 04 05 Kentuck 09 10
Belcher 16 18 Lady Wash — 09
Benton Con — 04 10 1 Mexican 2S 29
Best & Belcher 33 341 Occidental 52 —
Bullion 02 03|Ophlr 48 4»
Caledonia 20 2! Overman 06 07
Chollar 14 15lPotO8i 13 14
Challenge Con. 14 16 Savage 10 n
Confidence 60 62 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 10 115 Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 86 87
Crown Point... 15 17 Silver Hill _ 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 06 10
Eureka C0n.... 30 — Standard —160
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 16 ig
Gould & Curry. 24 25 Utah 09 10
Hale & Norcrs. 09 11 Yellow Jacket. 23 14
Drift of Arctic Currents.
Captain W. F. Milne of the Dundee
whaler Eclipse has for many years taken
a deep interest in the question of ocean
currents, and his experiments have fre
quently met with recognition from the
British meteorological authorities. On
the voyage from which he has just re
turned Captain Milne took occasional op
portunlties of throwing overboard sealed
botties containing a note of the latitude
and longitude of the . particular spot,
along with any other information, and re
questing that the tinders should forward
same either to the American or Urltisn
authorities. Nothing has yet been heard
of his half-dozen bottles so consigned to
the deep on the last voyage of the
Eclipse; but it is somewhat curious that,
immediately on Captain Milne's return to
Dundee this week, he should have re
ceived one of a number of messages
thrown overboard by him during his pre
vious cruise.
On October 29, 1597. Captain Milne gave
to the waves a bottle containing the fol
lowing message: "Whaler Eclipse. To
the firider. Please forward this to the
Meteorological Office, London or Wash
ington. Put over in latitude 63 degrees, 22
minutes north, longitude 65 degrees v
minutes west." The Eclipse was then
210 miles to the north and fully more than
that distance to the west of Cape Fare
well. Generally sneaking, she was at the
mouth of Davis Strait. The bottle was
picked up on August 4 by Angus Mc-
Intyre between Barra Lighthouse and
Hueskar Lighthouse, and not far from
Ardmlle Point. Instead of forwarding the
message as requested, Mclntyre, who
lives at Boisdale, South Uist, sent it on to
Captain Milne at Dundee, and the cap
tain Intends forwarding it nimself. The
bottle in which the message 'was con
tained had drifted about lv- miles ere It
found a rocky restinr place on tne shores
of the Hebrides. It had probably been in
the water for nine months and some days,
so that it had been borne along at, as
near as possible, live and a halt miles a
day. Perhaps the bottle might have been
lying where it was found for a consider
able time, but the possibility is that it
was found soon after reaching the islands.
In 1897 Captain Milne had sent to him
from Norway a similar message to that
picked up at Uist. It was thrown over
board from the Eclipse during the home
ward voyage of 1596 at a point as near as
possible half way across the Atlantic.
Then again three years ago another
Eclipse bottle was picked up at Egedes-.
munde, in Disko bay, on the west coast
of Greenland. The curious thing about this
message, however, was that it was
thrown overboard from the whaler when
she was away to the south and east or
Cape Farewell. This bottle must have
been carried in a northwesterly direction
to double the promontory, and then north
erly to reach Disko. Why one bottle con
signed to the water to the west of Cape
Farewell should travel almost, due east,
and ultimately be picked up on the Scotch
coast, and another, thrown overboard to
the southeast of the cape, should seek
its way up the coast of Greenland is a
mystery which only those well versed In
the study of ocean currents may be able
to explain.— Dundee Advertiser.
For His Legs.
When Sir Francis Grant, the portrait
painter, was at his zenith, he had a hunt-
Ing box at Melton. An Inquisitive Scotch
baronet was Invited there for the hunt
ing. Sir Francis had another guest, as It
appeared, on a visit. He was a dull, flat
old man, who took snuff and looked the
other way when the table talk ran on
hounds and horses. The sight of a fox's
brush awoke no enthusiasm. He seemed
to taJce no earthly Interest In anything
but his snuff and his meals. The Scotch
baronet at last could contain no longer
his excited curiosity. "I say, Grant," he
said, "what motive have you In keeping
Mr. X. on a visit? There are so many
good chaps who would like to come down
here just now. My fellow-guest does not
seem to care a farthing for the things
you are so keen on. The smell of a fox's
earth to-day made him quite sick. I find
that he does not know the difference be
tween a thoroughbred and an Irish hunt
er, nor does he look a person to fancy
your potraits." :
"You are puzzled, my dear fellow," ro
turned Sir Francis, "to know why I keep
him here. I brought him down" for his
legs." "For what?" "For his legs. You
see. I am doing a full length of the Duke
of Rutland (the late). He is weak in the
knees and shrunk in the limbs and lazy.
He will not be at the trouble of Pitting for
them, so I have secured X. to sit: his legs
are exactly like the Duke's. The poor
fellow is glad to earn a little money, and
to be out at grass here for a short time."
—London Truth. ■ .
THE CALL'S CALENDAB.
December, 1898.
i
i
JTu.
We
Sa.
5
Moon's Phases.
zo-Last Quarter,
"ii. December 6.
3
is
»
2L
IT
II
11
10
17
iL
31
'■
1 f~y. .New Moon.
V*/ December 13.
First Quarter,
jr December 19.
©Full Moon,
December 77.
XT
•a
B
30
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
UnlKd States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Tlme3 and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at " Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hich and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29.
Sun rises ; 7:24
Sun sets ■ 4:59
Moon rises 6:42 p. m.
I Ft.
I 1 Ft.
IL, W
29 ...
30 ...
31 ...
1 ...
3 '.'.'.
4 ...
2:01'
2:31'
2:51
3:24
3:5S
4:34
4.5
1 4.6
! 4.7!
i 4.91
6.0
5.2j
-.4
I 5:3S
| 6:24
I 7:12
I 8:10
! 9:11
10:11
I 11:11
3.2
3.1
3.1
1:8
2.4
2.0
1.6
I 11:32 5.:
I 12:13 5.
12:55 4.
1:51 4.
2:44 4.
3:46 l 3.
5:04! 3.
6:40|—0.5
7:11—0.2
7:411 0.2
' 8:16 0.4
8:53 0.8
»:36 1.3
10:21! 1.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the secoßd tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
?;lven are additions to the soundings on the
"nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, XT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 2S, IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at pxactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U, S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Coos Bay I Newport Dec. i
Mackinaw ITacoma Dec. :
Point Arena — iPolnt Arena Dec. :
Aloha IPolnt Arena Dec. !
North Fork Illumboldr Dec. I
Acapulco Panama -..Dec I
Ruth 'Coos Bay Dec. !
Corona San Diego Dec. ;
Columbia 'Portland Dec. :
Chas. Nelson... IPußet Sound : Dec '
Chllkat iHumboldt I
Grace Dollar jGrays Harbor Jan
Queen Victoria & Puget Soundman
Wellington Departure Bay Jan
Orlraba Newport . . : j an '
Empire | Coos Bay I Jan'
Pomona 'Hu mboldt | Jan
Samoa iHumboldt i...l Jan'
Willamette Nanalmo -. . . " ! j a n
Australia 'Honolulu .[ Jan
Curacao [Mexico ...-. .fan
ilineola.. iTacoma .-.". llJan ' •
Santa Rosa San Dieffo .."iJan
Aroata 8ay..... ' Tnn
Crescent City... 'Crescent Cltv jan
State California; Portland jJan
:. 29
:. 29
5. 29
-\ 29
:. 30
:. SO
:. SO
:. 31
\ Si
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I
Sails. I pier.
3ec. J9, 10 am|Pler~24
>c 29, 11 ami Pier 11
->ec 29, 2 pmi'Pier 7
3ec. 30, 10 am, Pier 13
Dec. 30, 10 am Pier 13
3ec. 30. 3 pin Pier 2
Jec. 31. 9 am Pier 11
Dec. 31, 3 pm'Pler 2
>ec. 30, 2 pm Pier 9
fan. 1, 10 am Pier 9
ran. 1. 9 am Pier 13
fan. 2, 11 am Pier 11
fan. 3. 10 am Pier 2»
fan. 3. 4 pm|.l
fan. 4. 9 am Pier 11
fan. 5 [
State of CaliPortland i
Santa Rosa J San Diego
Alameda ... Sydney
Weeott lYaquina Bay.'.
Arcata iCoos Bay i
Aloha Point Arena..!
Coos Bay... i Newport !
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena..!
Pomona ...iHumboldt
Umatilla ..Vic & Pgt Sd
Chllkat .... 'Humboldt ....
Corona jSan Diego I
Columbia ..Portland |
Sigmal ...... 'Grays Harbor!
Orizaba Newport I
C Nelson.. Pugpt Sound..'
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlng, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving- the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day
W. S. IILGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, December 2^.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, C 3 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Ptmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 12 hour* from
Point Arena.
Stmr Queen, Sorensen. 15 days from Everett.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, 6 days from N*
nalmo.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Centennial, Pierce. 95 hours from Be-
Stmr W«eott, Dunham, 70 hours from Ya
qulna Bay, etc.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 15,4 hours from Eu-
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 43 hours from Coos Bay.
via Port Orford 40 hours.
Br ship Eaton Hall. Lowrlson. ISO days from
Swansea, via Rio de Janeiro 102 days
Ship I F Chapman, Thomson, 137 days from
New York.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, December 28.
Stmr State of California, Parsons, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, Panama, etc;
Pacific M;UI S S Co.
Stmr Czarina. Collins, Seattle; E T Kruse
& Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulrs Sans Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 18.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Seattle.
Jap war stmr Chitose, Goodall, cruise.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Portland, etc.
Ptmr National City, Dettmers, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder, Panama, etc.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Ship Invincible, Klllman. Port Blakeley.
Bark Aureola, Mercer, Wlllapa Harbor.
Brig: Lurline, MacLeod, Kahulul.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Ostlln, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Timber Cove.
Schr Eureka. Asplund, Coqullla River.
Schr Newark, Beck. Boweni Landing.
CHARTERS.
The C D Bryant loads mdse for Honolulu;
Tropic Bird, mdse for Tahiti; Ciar, mdse for
Mazatlan and San Bias.
The Falls of Clyde loads sugar at Honolulu;
for this port; Nutianu, sugar at Kahulul for
New York, Jo 50.
The Annie M Campbell loads lumber at Kv
erett for Honolulu; schr Corona, lumber at
Port Gamble for Honolulu; Echo, lumber at
Port Blakeley for Kaichow, 50s.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 28, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 40 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SYDNEY, Nov 3— Br ship Republic, pre
viously reported having: put In here in dis
tress, will have to discharge and go into dry
dock for examination.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Dec 28— Schr Bertie Minor,
for Honolulu.
Arrived Deo 28— Bktn Uncle Jobn. from Ban
Pedro.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Coqullle
River, hence Dec 24.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Deo 28— Schr
Sailor Boy. hence Dec 17.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Deo 88— Sohr Jo
seph Russ, hence Dec 17.
Sailed Dec 28— Schr Annie M Campbell, for — .
POINT AKENA — Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr
Wbitesboro, from Whitesboro.
EVERETT— Arrived Dec 28 — Schr Marlon, fb
Hueneme; schr Annie- M Campbell, from Port
Gamble. .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 88— Stmr Bruns
wick, for Sa_u_ Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Dec n-Stmr Chas Nelson,
for San Francisco: Jap Ftmr Kinshlu Maru.
Yokohama: stmr Protection, for Dyea; stmr
FaraJlon. for Dyea.
Arrived Dec 2S— Stmr Ellhu Thompson, from
Dyea: Btmr Progreso. hence Dec 26; stmr Cot
tagre City, from Dyea.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Dec 25— Schr Wa
wona, from Salmon Bay.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SDYNEY— Arrived Dec 28— Schr Metha N>l
son, from Eureka.
CARDlFF— Arrived Dec 26— Br ship Ben
Deard, from Shields.
COLON— Arrived Dec C6 — Stmr Finance, from
New York.
HOLY HEAD— Arrived Dee 25— Ger bark H
Hackfpld, from Liverpool for Honolulu.
VALPARAISO —Arrived Nov 13— Fr bark
Flecha, from Port Blakeley.
ROYAL KOADS— Arrived Dec 20— Br ship
City of Florence, from Liverpool, for Esqui-
VICTORIA— SaiIed Dec 23— Bark Alex Mc-
Neil, for Santa Rosalia.
CHEMAINUS— SaiIed prior Dec 20— Br bark
Helen Denny, for Melbourne.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Dec 27— Schr Lyman D
Foster, from Port Blakeley.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec. 28— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver. N<rv 12 —
Haw bark lolanl. from Honolulu. Dec 2S —
Br stmr Coptic, hence Nov 30.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Dec 2S — Stmr
Maine, from London.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Deo 28— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Cevic, for
Liverpool: stmr St Louis, for Southampton;
stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool; stmr Southwark.
for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Dec 28— Stmr Trave.
for New York.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Alsatia, from
Marseille*.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec 28— Stmr Wnesland.
for Philadelphia. Dec 27— Stmr Corinthla, for
Boston.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived Deo 28— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York.
. . OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tefc^- • Steamers leave Broadway
Iffl'EJ'ftSifc. wharf. San Francisco:
; | trry^**CT~ Mju or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
j »H* ujfivlra Jan. 1, change at Seattle.
l!S?>3ii3 'Jal For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
. is&Sl^sWa! c> - Port Tpwnsend. Seattle.
r*«S'«Kssfis<M Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
*•» 10 a. m., Jan. 1, and every
fifth day thereafter, change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.,
at Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Deo.
30. Jan. 4, arid every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port . Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Dec SI, Jan. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at- Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Baarbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., Dec. 29, Jan. 2, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paa, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 12.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
. GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO :
PORTLAND
'From Spear-etreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including norths
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails. . : ..~ Dec- 14. 14
STATE OF CAL. Bails ...Dec. », 19. 21
Short line to Walla Walls, Spokane. Butte,
Helena ana all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. -C. WARD, General Agent,
- 630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
. Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantlque.
"I "■ (French Line)
DIRECT LINE to- HAVKE-PARIS -_^_
(FRANCE). Sailing: every Saturday
'atlo a. m. from Pier 42. North «aSJM»
I River, foot of Morton street.
* LA NORMANDIE ....Dec 31
LA GASCOGNB..... ...Jan. "
LA CHAMPAGNE........ . Jan . 14
LA BRETAGNE...:, ...Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE. Jan . 28
First-class to. Havre, $65 and upward ' per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
i Havre. MS. 10 per. cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
, AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FT GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
®P!VSMIfI The s - s ALA MED A
rjS* V itts&fi3& sa ' :!!< v a Honolulu and
l"fewc w Auckland for Sydney
'W >. Thursday. ;. December
Q*<Cl, r L~ 29. at 2 p. m.
SiWOlSn De'D c ' S - S.. AUSTRALIA
W /^ncrenii satls for Honolulu
(OlllDaiCK^Vednesdav, January
, , *W^ V n - 1S90; at 2P. m.
; L i?. e . to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
I TOWN, South Africa.
| J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
_' , ■ . ■ 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
"Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat ....V
9:4$ a. m., S:l5 p. m. (8:30 p.m. ex. Thurs.).
Fridaji ...... ..............1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p.m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 1.
Telephone Main 1-OS,ROBERT BONNER
LOOMS UP AS A
RECORD-BREAKER
Defeated Myth in Very
Fast Time*
MANY UPSETS AT OAKLAND
POLKA WON EASILY AT LONG
ODDS.
Guilder the Only Winning Favorite.
Midlight Ran Kings Around Her
Field — Imperious Beaten
Out by Hohenlohe.
The air was piercing and frosty at Oak
land yesterday. Everybody moved about'
all muffled up and tempting prices failed
to thaw them out. It was perhaps for
tunate. If the bookmakers could have
stirred up a lively play they would all
have retired millionaires. Guilder was the
lone Winning choice and that gelding was
not a popular one.
Although the card was not possessed of
much class the coast record for one mile
and a quarter, 2:06%, was reduced half a
second by Robert Bonner, a cheap s<Mllng
plater. The latter horse was one of four
starters in the fourth event; for which
Veloz ruled a prime favorite. Veloz was
never c factor. Myth, with Thorpe up.
made all the running and led to within
a lVw \anis of the wire, only to be beat
en a nose by Bonner, piloted by little ilal
Brown. The winner was backed from 12
down to 7 to 1.
Wyoming, second choice in the betting,
with Piggott up, took the opening scram
ble over the Futurity course from a big
band of platers. Cavallo, a 20 to 1 out
was second, a head in front of
Glen Anne. The favorite, Captive, was
fourth.
The fast filly Midlove once more proved
a grievous disappointment. She was au
odds-on choice for the two-year-old event
at mx furioufe's. but could not last it out.
I'olka, with post odd:? <~>t 25 to 1 about
him. won hands down from Dunpraise
the ;• :; Btartera in the event follow
it six furlongs Guilder and L'lm
looked the best, and there was nothing
•■n the pair in the betting.
Guilder, with N. Turner up, received an
i nt rule, enabling him to lead L'lm
out a length. Dlaca, strongly touted, lin
a fair third.
'a Imperious had a
stout call in the betting on the mije sell
aitair. After displaying intermittent
■ ; the Morello gelding fell
i prey to Hohenlohe, the second
• . ridden by Thorpe. Bonnie lone
i'">k the show. •. '
rs ol the favorite again played
•■I luck over the result of the linal
irlong spin. At the post Peixo-tto,
. was kicked on one shpuL
. bad wound. Midlight led
him all thu way. crossing the line an
\ ictor. Show honors went to Lib
•
Track Notes.
Tii<-> downtown pool rooms evidently
their sheets in some oold storage
iiiple of hours before pay
rts a< tuaily had
ty ti> pay cff PoLka tickets at
the rate of 12 to 1 when 25 to 1 went beg
at the track.
'.'H^h Sioan- made a very pretty^ race
astride Polka, but the "gladiator"- over
looked having a good bet on the'two-year
old. ;.. • • ' .
Barney Schrelber will- probably sign
Eddy Jones to do his riding when the lat
tt-r's term of suspension is up. ■
There is nothing phenomenal about the
performance of Robert 80-nner when
Mistleton and Veloz finish so close up.-
To-Day's Entries. . •
First Race — Five furlongs; selling; two-year
olds. :"..••
... Wheat King. ....1061 307 Strorflo 104
... Juva 1061 ... Campus 106
361 Iveiter 106 353 Don'< Tell-. 103 I
2'.<6 Royal Fan....... SSj 422 ; ..It Edge ... M !
... Wing 108 361- Master Buck.'... 93
Second Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds '
and upward; selling. '■ .v •
... Dunois 110; (324)A11c1a 197
421 Kamsln 104 1 <421) Howard .» 104
(4l2)Hohenzollern ...113 328 Soscol 105
398 Greyhurst 104|(426)51y : .■ 1,07
£54 Mamie G 104 1
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles;-three
jrear-oldl and upward; selling.
426 Mian 103 414 Topmast' 114
413 Cyril 104 3fiß Cromwell .105
420 Our Climate.. 105l(3S»S)Hard!y '..... 98
310 Roslnante 104. ... Dr. Sheppard....lO3
Fourth Race One mile; three-year-olds and
upward.
425 Rosormonde .... 95 419 May W 100
425 Recreation SI 414 Morlnel ..... 98
... What er Lou.. . ;
Fifth Race— Five furlongs; selling; two-year
olds.
... Onna 103! (33S)Correct 103
855 Clarando 108 (391)Jlngle Jingle... .106
821 Magdalen** .... is : (296) Almoner 112 1
SSa Anchored .1061
Sixth Rate— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling. ■
421 Oak Leaf 1091 372 St. Appollo 112
(254iFormella 104 426 Rlcardo 109
.'Don't Skip Me.. 426 Mainstay 112
339 Don Luis 104 ... Amelia F0n50...109 I
. The Last 104 401 Sweet William. .ll2
425 Highland Ball. .107! 314 Santa Lucia....
... I Don't Know.. 360 Grandezia 109
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Stromo, Campus. Master Buck.
Second Race— Dunois, Hohenzollern, Mamie O.
Third Cromwell, Rosinante, Topmast.
. Fourth Rare— er Lou. May W. Morinel.
Fifth Race— Magdalenas, Clarando. Oenna.
Sixth Race— Don't Skip Me, Highland Ball.
I Don't Know.
WHEELMEN WILL BANQUET.
Olympic Cyclers Will Celebrate Their
Demise.
The Olympic Cyclers, having lost their
identity by amalgamating with the Olym-
. ■■ J eelmen, have decided to expend the
balance left in the treasury on a
iet to be held at Delmonlco s next
. .ening, and thus to ftttinglj
the bid year and also the career of
whirl in its prime held the palm
ispltality and good fellowship
I all the old members will attend
• . ; ,,. s , and a few invitations have
• n issue. 1 to friends of the organl
<"ity Wheelmen will start the
new y. r in a g-«l cycling way by tak-
I down to San Jose, and Captain
ady h;.s a list of nearly two
'111. y will remain
ov. r the following tiay to see the races.
-111. entries tor the San Jose meet have
closed, and are now in the hands of
Haodicapper Smyth, who will announce
hj.« allotments to-day or to-morrow.
Wilbur I. Knapp an.] Brick Kuhn, two
vi !! known travelers, dropi>ed in unex
p.-ctedly at the Bay City smoker Monday
night and reof>iv<-<] % warm ' welcome
home. Both brought tneir usual fund of
stories with them, and helped to
while away the time relating them. The
iiffair was one of the best the club has
(■vcr given.
Tlk» Bay City Wheelmen will see the old
year out and Incidentally enjoy a ban
.t a downtown rotlsserie Saturday
night.
Booker T. Washington, the
most talented negro in the
South, tells how the dark
skinned races of our t new colo
nies should be governed, in
next Sunday* Ci'l.
Commercial Travelers.
The California division of the Travelers'
Protective Association of America will
give its first annual banquet In Paibsfs on
next Friday evening.
THESE MEN WILL FIGHT FROM
THE WORD GO.
Creedon and Green Are in Fine Condition for Friday's Contest at
Woodward's Pavilion*
DAN CREEDON and George Green
will perform with the mitts in
Woodward's Pavilion to-morrow
evening.
It will be a twenty-round act, but If
Creedon is an authority on the game of
punch and duck the contest will end be
fore the tenth round is called. Dan
said to a friend yesterday that he had a
lighting feoling, the result of good and
hard training, and that he will make a
Dewey battle by going right at his quarry
from the tap of the gong and hammer
pway until a winner is announced.
"We have had two Australian losers In
Alameda within the last few months,
owing to bad decisions on the part of the
c." said Creedon yesterday, "but I
think it's tim- to shake the hoodoo, and
I feel that 1 can perform the trick if the
referee will give me a square deal."
Green Is, as ever, confident of success.
He feels strong at his present weight,
which is 158 pounds, and although he does
not underrate his opponent in the least
he nevertheless appears to be very con
fident ci winning. He has trained In tl c
vicinity of the Cliff House, and is now
taking light exercise at the Olympic Club, j
The pugihsts will meet and weigh in an I
BOXING CHAMPIONSHIPS.
j Open Contests for Belts and Medals
to Be Held at the Olympic Club.
A boxing tournament is in course of
preparation at the Olympic Club, the pre
liminary rounds of which will, begin on.
Wednesday, February 1, 1599, for the
ft atlier-weight championship of the Pa
cific Coast. Circulars will be sent to and
entries invited from the athletic clubs of
Portland, Log Angeles, Fresno, Stockton,
Sacramento and of other cities and towns.
la .March-. 1599, the preliminary rounds for
the lightweight championship of the Pa- i
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Dec. 28, 1898. — Twenty
sixth day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
/*£%•? FIRST RACE— Futurity course (170 feet less than el.x furlongs); selling; three-year-
Jm. C • olds and upward; purse. $350.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St.
%m.
Km.
Str.
• Fin.
354 Wyoming, a 108! 6
(360) Cavallo, 4 107 9
<337) Glen' Anne, 8 107 12
264 Captive, 5 110| 1
237 Rosemaid, 3 107 8
336 Fly, a 107] 5
. 392 Cappy. -4 IOT 11
336 Colonial Dame, 3. ...107 10
356 Paul Kruger, 3 1: 7
... Meadowlark, 6 107 4
336 Cardwell, 5 110 3
392 Schnitz, 6 110 2
... Flacon. 3
2 %
9 4
6 4
3 2
7 2
1 1%
10 1
4 h
11
8 Mi :
12
54
13
2 2
5 4
6 1
3 2
7
8*
4 h
11
10
12
9
13
1 1 i
2 h
3 hi
4 1
5 %
6% 1
7 1
8 2
9 hi
10
11
12
13
jPiggott
Gray
Powell
Rutter
j Thorpe
5-2 3
8 20
12 15
2 13-5
12 20
6-2 16-5
16 40
20 50
40 100
20 15
10 30
20 50
30 ISO
N. Turner
iHolmes
IJ. Daly
J.
Fallehy
J. Woods
C. Sloan
Devln
O'Nell
Time— To %, :21Vi; %. :45>4: %, 1:00%; short % 1:11. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'a b. g.
by I'ardee-Caprice. Good start. Won first three driving.
The winner was ridden to perfection. Cavallo is a strong finisher. Captive hag very
suspicioug looking underpinning. Fly was bumped against the rail the last part. Woods
on Meadowlark was compelled to pull up. There was a deal of Jostling about.
Scratched— Aluminum 107. The Last 107. Joe Terry 110, Esplrando 107.
jqo SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight
%m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
331 Polka MS 2
4f>3 Dunpralse Ill] 5
291 Mldlpve lOSi 1
422 Rosebeau 108 4
136 Inola 108 3
2SO Bly 108 6
3 %
2 h
m
6 2
4 6
6
2 h
3 3
1 2
6 3
4 3
6
24
3 2
1 2
53
4 2
6 *
1 1
2 4
8 3
4 3
5 3
6
IC. Sloan 10
Hoauehamp .. 10
Thorpe 2-5
Plggott 5-2
Frawley 30
Gray 25
15
1-2
3
150
100
Time— % •24%- % :49%" K. 1:15%. Winner. J. Givens' eh. f. by imp. Mldlothlan-Mlnu-
ette. Good start. ' Won easily. Second and third driving.
Midlove again began backing up as the stretch was reached. Dunpralse apparently
stopped and then came again. Rosebeau had no speed.
Scratched— Headwater 108.
aQQ THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
425 Guilder. 3 107! 5
408 rim. 2 87; 3
319 Diara. 2 94 8
194 Joe Cotton, & 1191 7
219 The Offering. 2 81110
319 Bnnlbel. 2 «7 6
404 Peach Blossom, 2... RSj 9
410 Eventide. 5 119 1
307 Rose of Peru. 2 95 4
301 La Parasseuae. 2... 84; 2
64
4 1
8
2 h
7 4
6%
8 %
10
3 Mi
1 1
%m.
2%
6 1
3 4
< %
7 2
6 4
9 1
10
8 1
14
Km.
Str.
1 2
3 1
2 '4
7?
6 1
8 2
9 8
10
5 1
1 1
24
3 2 .
4 1 •
5 1
6 h
7 4
II
9 10
10
Jockeys.
N. Turner
J. Ward
W. H. Martin
Powell
McNlchols ...
Devin
5-2 11-5
2 11-5
15 9
20 60
15 30
2 16-5
15 60
23 300
10 40
15 100
Houck
J. Power
Gray
Coburn |
Time— J /4. :25: H. :50: K. 1:16%. Winner, Carruthers & McDonald's eh. g. by Imp. Esher-
Trflby Good start! Won handily. Second and third driving.
Thfi bunch swung wide into the stretch, allowing Guilder to get through next the
rail Ward's stupid riding lost for Tim. Diara was a hot tip. Bonlbel is of no account.
Scratched— Midas 122, Little T G 114.
s**}{\ FOURTH RACE— One and a. quarter miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
puree. $4(K).
Index. Horse. Arc Weight.
Std.
%m. %m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
382 Robert Bonner, 4... 90 3 21% 2 1 2Vi 2 % 1 h Ins Hal 8r0wn.... 10 7
407 Myth 4 105 2 11H 12 12 11 3% 2% 'Thorpe 8-5 12-5
414 Mi'tleton 4 100 4 4 4 3 % 3Vi 2Vt 31% |McNlchols ... 3 G
Time— hi, :24%: hi. :4«K; K. 1:14%: mile. 1:40^; lhi m.. 2:OGV«. Winner, L. H. Ezell's eh.
r by Imp ■ Rosslngton-Belle of Nantura. Good start. Won first three driving.
Thorpe was four pounds overwetght, and this beat Myth. Veloz was simply outfooted.
Scratched— Percy W 97.
yf Q| FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
%m.
Km.
Jockeys.
42) Hohenlohe ]
357 Imperious —
413 Bonnie lone /
842 None Such
SggColonel Dan
42) Hohenlohe 107 1 i.hi In 11 11 11 Thorpe 8 7-2
Sfl Imperious 109 2 2 1 2 1 21% 2 1 2 2 Plggott 1 4-5
413 Bonnie lone ....109! 4 4h 4 1 81% 32 3 6 Turner 4 4
342 None Such 10T,; 3 3 « B 6 6 42% Bennett 50 200
359 Colonel Dan 11215 6 3H 4 1 4hi 6 Devln 5 10
Time— % :25%: hi- :50%; K. 1:17; mile, 1:42%. Winner, William Boots & Son's br. c. by
imp Brutus-Brown Maria. Good start. Won first three driving.
Imperious sulked during the middle portion of the Journey. Outside of the winner th«
others were a trashy lot. _^
1
2
4
3
5
1.4
2 1
4 h
34
5
1 n
2 1
4 1
5
1 1
2 14
3 14
6
4 1
1 1
2 1
3 2
*6
4 4
11
2 2
3 6
4 24
6 ]
t '.....'.'.
:t ......
432. SIXTH
; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(396) Mldllght. 4 105 3 ... 114 12% 2 12% Rutter 3-2 14-5
(Vil Pelxotto. 5 107 5 ... 4% 2h 2% 2 2 Turner 6-2 11-3
'41V Libertine, a 112 4 ... 5h R2% 4 2 3% H. Shields.... 8 5
(407) Whitcomb. 4 105 1 ... 2li 3% 3% 4 6 Thorpe 2 4
32S Sport McAllister. 6.108 2 ... SVi 4h 5 4 5 1 H.Martin 4 7
412 Judge Stouffer, 4. ..105 6 ... 7 7 6 2 6 2 Houck 40 60
290 Defender, 4.... 105 7 6 2 617 7 !l. Powell 30__200
Tlme^i :24%; H. :48%; K. 1:13%. Winner, F. J. Klttleman's br. m. by Imp. Midloth-
ia"-Electrtc' Light. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Mldllght had things all her own way. Peixotto was kicked in the shoulder while the
field* was at the post. Whitcomb ran his race. Sport had nothing left to finish on. He
was not very well liked nnvivay.
Scratched— Lost Girl 106.
3
5
4
1
2 .
6
7 .
114
4 4
5 h
2 li
3 4 '
.62
124
2 h
5 24
3%
4 h
7
6 1
1 2
.2 4
4 2
3 4
5 4
6 2
7
1 2%
2 2
3 %
4 6
5 1
6 2
f
inuner
Turner
ITT v_l.:. ' 1
!H. Shields....
Thorpe
11 -.<•.„. 1..
3-2 14-5
6-2 11-3
8 5
2 4
4 7
40 60
31 200
!H. Martin
!U I,
Houck
'I. Powell
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
Friday afternoon at 15? pounds. Creedon
finished his work on Monday and is now
resting at his training station. Judging
by the rapid salo of first class seats with
in the last few days the National Club
will again be favored by a large house.
The preliminaries should prove particu-
clfic Coast will be held, and in April the
preliminary rounds for the middle-weight
and welter championships. In May the
final round? will take place between the
best two men in each class. The winner
in each class will receive a silver belt
valued at JUK), presented by Herman Oel
richs, and also a gold medal valued at
$.% from the Olympic Club. An order for
the belts has already been placed with
Hammersmith & Field. The entries for
the feather-weight championship close on
January 28.
According to the schedule prepared for
the water polo tournament, the Polliwogs
and the Water Dogs should have played
their first game against each other last
night, but the latter team Having had no
larly Interesting, as the fighters who are
becked to appear belong to the graduate
clans of claret drawers and eye painters.
Mcsc La Fontise, the Canadian light
weight pugilist who recently arrived in
this city, will engage in a ten-round argu
rrem with Charles Tye. a clever local
boxer and champion of the Reliance Club
of Oakland. The winner of this bout
will probably meet "Cocker" Tweedlo in
tho latter part of January. Some few bets
have been made on the main event at
even money, but it is thought that Green,
who is a local favorite, will sell on the
long end when the sports will commence
to play favorites.
Green and Creedon and the presidents
of the National Club met last evening and
agreed upon Jack Kitchen of Oakland, as
referee of their fight. Tom Tracey and
Jimmy Rik-y will be In Creedon's corner,
and Bob Me Arthur, Frank Foster and
Patsy Corrigan will look after Green.
practice together It was agreed to make
last night's contest a practice game, and '
to hold the first game of the tournament
between these two teams on some early
date. The Polliwogs, with Hinkel as
cuptain, had (the best of the game, scor
ing four goals to their opponent's two.
The handball try-out will be continued
on Friday night, when Mallon and Duffy
will play against Morton and Eagan. and
Bush and Bowman will try conclusions
with Harrison and James. The try-out
is held to decide which two teams shall
represent the Olympic Club in the tourn- ,
ament to be held In January between rep
resentatives of the Acme, Encinal, Rell
ance and Olympic clubs. Each team rep
resenting a club will play every other j
team (except the one also representing :
its own club) at both Its own and its op
ponents' courts. The schedule will be ar- |
ranged In such a manner that the two
teams of one club shall visit one of the
other clubs on any glvon night, and there
play both teams of the home club, mak
ing four games of 51 points each during
the evening's play. The home club on
this occasion will on a subsequent even- i
ing visit its opponent's club.
It is proposed to hold a ladies' night at
the Olympic Club in February of next
year. An indntir baseball game will be
one of the attractions presented.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Banker R. E. Hyde of Visalia is a guest
at the Palace.
R. R. Colgate of New York is registered
at the Palace.
H. F. Lyon, a merchant from Newman,
is at the California,
A. M. McDonald, a miner from Sonora,
is staying at the Lick.
Ex-Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas is regis
tered at the Occidental.
W. A. Crawford and wife of Hanford
are staying at the Palace.
Alden Anderson of Sulsun, Assembly
man-elect, is at the Grand.
O. C. McFarland, a merchant of Han
ford, is a guest at the Russ.
C. E. Wood of Washington, D. C, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
George Boole Is at the Grand. He is a
well known hardware merchant.
G. T. Emmons, IT. S. N., was among the
arrivals at the Palace yesterday.
H. M. Tracy and James B. Holland of
Philadelphia are at the Palace.
D. L. Smith, a prominent business man
of St. Louis, is at the Occidental.
Douglas S. Cone, a prominent citizen of
Red Bluff, is a guest at the Palace.
G. H. Fancher, a prominent banker
from Merced, is a guest at the Lick.
R. E. Jack, a prominent citizen of San
Luis Obispo, is a guest at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Peters of Sydney,
Australia, are staying at the Occidental.
Colonel J. A. Hardin, a wealthy cattle
dealer from Santa Rosa, is staying at the
Russ.
Charles Erlckson, a well known con
tractor from Martinez, is a guest at the
Grand.
A. S. Malice of Riverside, Assembly
man-elect from the Seventy-seventh Dis
trict, Is at the Grand.
H. M. Shackelford, who is one of the
most extensive grain raisers of Paso Ro
bles, is at the Occidental.
U. S. Grant of San Diego arrived at the
Palace yesterday for the purpose of look
ing after his political fences.
I. Rudee of Ukiah and IT. Radin of
Fresno, both prominent merchants, are
among the guests registered at the Grand.
A certain room
clerk at one of
the leading hotels
in the city is not
ed for his gener
osity to his
younger subordi-
-^ -sy NT '•
> BATED FIVE DOLLARS <
> IK <
> EIGHT MINUTES. '
' nates who are
employed In the hotel. In fact, the clerk
has quite a reputation as a philanthro
pist. To encourage In the small messenger
boys in the hotel the spirit of putting
of putting something by for a rainy day, 1
on Christmas he presented each with a I
dime savings bank. The bank is auto- I
matic In its construction, so that it can- I
not be opened until $5 has been placed lrt
it. Each- small messenger boy was given
a bank with two dimes already in It, and
the clerk, to more deeply impress on the ;
little fellows what he meant by his gift, |
offered a half-dollar reward to the boy j
who first filled his bank.
These banks were given to the boys
exactly at 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
Eight minutes later by the clock one of
the boys, who is known never to have
caved a cent in his life, walked up to the
counter and turned his bank in to the
dumfounded clerk. It was full to the
limit with genuine dimes, and the as
tonished clerk had to put up 50 cents.
Hardly had this boy left the counter be
fore another rushed breathlessly up with
his bank full; but he was too late. The
clerk forgot to put any qualifications on
the method or manner in which the
money was to be saved.
It turned out that the lucky boy bor
rowed $5 in dimes from the keeper of the
news stand, having first let him into the
scheme with the promise of a "divvy."
The clerk has calculated that if the boy
could save $5 in eight minutes he would
in one year, if he keeps it up, Own the
hotel.
J. E. Childrey of Seattle and R. Ross of
Los Angeles are among the guests at the
Occidental.
William Wehner of Evergreen Is a
guest at the California. He is Interested
In fruit raising.
Mrs. Florence Hinckley (nee Blythe)
has returned from a visit to Santa Moni
ca and is at the Palace.
Attorneys D. K. Minor and E. Sevier
are at the Lick. The former is from
Humboldt, the latter from Eureka.
David T. Day of Washington, D. C,
who is connected with the United States
Geological Survey, is registered at the
Palace.
A. V. Booth, a prominent Chicago mer
chant, and William Nash of Los Angeles,
who is also a well known merchant, are
among the guests at the Palace.
John R, Skinker, who was one of the
pioneers to California and who for many
years was prominently idf-ntiiied with
the commercial Interests of San Fran
cisco, being one of its wealthiest citizens,
is at the Lick. He is here tor a few
days on business from his ranch at Edge
mont.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, l>ec. 28.— Mrs. R. C.
Brown of San Francisco and William
Bagley Jr. of Los Angeles are at the
Netherlands; C. M. Trebert of San Fran
cisco is at the Majestic; A. Roullier of
San Francisco is at the St. Denis.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin Ets. Swimming-, Russian, ho:
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct fromoceau.
SOROSIS CLUB.
Interesting Address by General Chas.
Taylor on Journalism.
The clubrooms of the Sorosis Club at
1620 California street were crowded last
night with ladies and gentlemen, the
guests of the club. Among those present
were the presidents and officers of the
other ladies' clubs in the city, including
the Century, the Laurel Hall, the Forum
and the California. A large number of
the members of the Fourth Estate were
also present.
The occasion was to meet General
Charles Taylor, proprietor of the Boston
Globe, and hear an address from him on
"Journalism." He spoke for nearly two
hours, and delivered a most practical and
; common-sense address on how to succeed
in journalism or In any other calling. At
the conclusion of the address he was
'> greeted with applau
Introductions to the general followed,
, and light refreshments were served.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HELPS / Jk. \ A NON-
WHERE g ff'i^^: \INTOX"\ INT0X "
*XVJC^jU\ liquid food imagin-
able for Convalescents.. Eas-
ily assimilated even by the
weakest stomachs and lend-
ing a strength to the system
not obtainable by any other :
ToniC. ALL DRUGGISTS
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
M I LWAU KEE.U S.A.
Louis Calien & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4 J6-4 \ 8 Sacramento Street,
I San Francisco. :■;'-:.
Health is Wealth.
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL', ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Issoldunder positive Written «narantee,
by anthorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulneoa, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
dence, Nervousness, La6situdo, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Exceesivo Use of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption;
Insanity and Death. At storo or by mail, $1 a
box; six for 5; with written cnarantee'to
cure or refund money, Sample pack-
age, containing fivo days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only Bold to
each person. At store or by mail. mn
§[^~Rcd Label Special/fl^^^
Extra Strength. mg*A
For Impotency, o£«|3?t*'\>r ?1
Power, Lost Manhood, >fii JttibL
Bterility or Barrenness.v. jx. v /
81 a box; six for $5, with*JfV-ajr
written KuarnnteeJJjPw^SkV
BF ,j. CRE .to 30cSy B . At Btorßl 'JS l1J|"l 1 J|"
GEO. t>AEO.BJ£NDER & CO., Sole AgenU,
214 Kearny «t. - V;
I used Ely's Cream >^[*M^^
Balm for catarrh and /{v^A! BALW\
have received great ' if^^jj*!
benefit. I believe it aC ! «'-ftVEß >^)^frs/
safe and certain cure. F" <&?/
Very pleasant to take. I -
— Wm. Fraser, Roch- J- c\T^ V \.
ester, N. Y. #\W>^\
Cream Halm Is placed into the nusmis, spread
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
— does not produce sneezing. Large, 50c; Trial
Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
&m±MBS* RUPTURE.
tols~C',>'^ 3N« USE NO MORE IRON
flßw|fflS||jLjgßHgy Hoops or Steel Springs.
K^^jKeSsS''^ Rupture retained with ease
S-»^nSs?t and comfort, and thousands radi-
■ /Hi* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
% /Ja^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. IE? Call at
office or write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
tvwt DR. JORDAN'S G«at
J§* } Museum of Anatomy
1051 mZZT ST. Ui. Sth & 7th, S. F. CaL
B $ W The Lirgeit of 111 kind In the World.
i^Ml DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
: ComaUmtion free. Writ* for B«ok
In f Philosophy of Marriage.
• U * MAILED FRCC.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MS&gffim unill LslVw
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cared by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- !
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue !
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They '■
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Large and Well-
Assorted Stock of
OPERA CLASSES, FIELD GLASSES,
LORGNETTES, OPERA - GLASS
BAGS, GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES.
PRICES WITHIN REACH OP ALL.
OPEN EVENINGS, Beginning December IX.
14 and 16 Kearny St.
UNITED STATES BRANCH. .
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of THE
Scottish Union anfl National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. • • •
Real estate owned by company • $101,587 04
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,482,680 99
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1.730,375 61
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 2.800 00
Cash in company's office 1.366 84
Cash in banks 424,56357
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans -. 18,740 69
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 23,133 83
Premiums in due course of collection 271,237 92
Total assets $4,058,437 46
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....: $33,884 23
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense * 229.332 48 ■
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 17,641 67
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,801,671 86; -
reinsurance 50 per cent 900,835 93
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,755,-
420 OS; reinsurance pro rata 938,233 21
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 23,435 68
Total liabilities 12,148.363 25
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $2,854,664 89
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages • 76,714 84
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 67,493 84
Received for rents 6,053 00
Total Income $2,493,816 54
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $291,545 03, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,241,388 82
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 611,087 99
Paid for salaries, • fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 107,198 29
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 67,792 32
All other payments and expendi-
tures .' 131.042 85
Total expenditures ....$2,048,510 27
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,197,946 95
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $336,598,928 $3,201,387 46
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 292.161,257 2,893,880 85
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597 406.050,811 3.657.09194
~~~ ". MARTIN BENNETT,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this list
day of January, 1898.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public
R. C. MEDCRAFT,
GENERAL AGENT,
319 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
y""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/%+,(&&, to 625 KEABNT ST. Established
I'zriTL*' Wftln I*!> 4 for the treatment of I'rlvato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>U."> HKAKXT ST. Established
in IMS 4 for the treatment of Private
] >ixt'!is**s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
BjjKh^'ftSfft <i wearing on body and mind and
r^MAViir/j Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
*&vr\rsXif>:>l "tliersfail. Try him. ■ Charges low
fc^SSSSSossa ('urrM|ruar:iitf«><>d. Call or write.
Dr. J. 1'"- UIBBONi Box 1957, San Francisco.
Weekly CaHsl.DOpßrYear !
i
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday- Arriving In New I
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday j
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping: Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAi FRANCISCO TICKEfWICE— MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 15M.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Oifioe— 2ol J Street.
i" San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clar* Si
BATLSGAD TBAVEL.
._.__._■___■ __, _-,_,-_. ■ . .I. » - - — f
MOI7THKKN rAfJIFIC CO9IFAITT.
..•,--, JrAOIFIO BTHTCM.)
Ti«lm leave nnd arc duo to arrive at
NAN rUAMVIWC'U.
(Main Una, Foot of Market Street.)
uiat« — Fkom Deo. 18, 1898. — arbttb
" •6iOOa NUm, B»n Joa* and Way Stations... *Bi4sa
7:<M»a. Beulda, Sulsun and Sacramento . . • 5>45r
TtUO a. MarrsTUle, OruTllleand Bedding rla
Woodland Bt4sp
7i«Oa. Elmira, Vaoaville and Rumaer B>43p
■ 7 tS« a llartlnex, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*,
Caliston and Hanta Rosa 6ilSr
9:09* Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and East.. S:4sr
»:;iOi Sail Jose, Livermore, fttookton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrllle,
MarysTllle. Chloo, Red Bluff • 4il»p
»iSO» 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:13p
>:•«! Martinet, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:15r
•■••a Fresno, Bakerstield. 'Santa Barbara,
' . Los Angeles, Doming, SI Paso,
' . New Orleans and Bast 6545r
l*s«*)A Tallrjo, Martinez and War Stations ?:43p
I «:OOm Nlles, LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, VUalla,
PorterrUle s^*v 4jlßf
■l:OOr Sacramento RlTer Steamers *S:«Op
4ttt«r Martlaex, San Ramon, Vallejo,
■ Napa, Ualtstoga. S&uta Rosa 0:10*
4>OOr B»nfeia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knigbts ; Landing.
Marrsrille, Oro»lilo.... 10:43*
4iSOrNUe«, San Jose and Stockton 7tl3p
515 1 ©Or Sao Franoisoo and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld, Los
Angeles , 9i45*
. StSOr Stooktou, Meroed, Fresno - 12:15*
8:S0r Martinez, Traoy, Mendota, Fresno,
MojaTe, Santa iTarbara and !.o» ' .'
Anceba »«*»*,
15 :OOP Padfle Coast Limited. El Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §9: 45 A,
OiSnp Mil nl» }••■ Route. AlimiUu K«i>reiui
for Mojare and Kaat «:■!.% p ,
.'; 6iOO>>KuropeanMnll, Ogilen and Kast oi4l>*.
8t«0p Harwards, Nlles and San Jose 7:45 a
•«:O«i- Vallejo ; i- 18il»P
t?iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions-. >..... i. t»»4»r
SiOOp Oregon ICxpreas,Haaraiuento. Marys- ' -
Till*. Red-ling, Portland, I'iiget
Sound ami Kant 8:1»A
«IO:<Klp Sunwt Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans '■■ ' -
■• and East. ...^ ; 61.'45p
' SAX LKA.M)IU> AM» HAVWAUUS LOCAL. '
•.'•'■■; (Foot ol Market Street.)
1 Helroxe, Seminar/ I'ark, f
StOOA Fltrliliiirjr, Kirn Hurst, 6i*a\.
' i»:OOi San l.ean>lro, Sonth Ham f*9:4.iA
lO.AOa l.pan.iro. Kstndillo, 1»»:4»a
<11>o»a Lorenzo, Cherry •■'. ia:«»p
n»«op aa d d:4»p
BiOOp Marrfards t3i43r !
7loop IBttnathrougUtoKik*.. 7143 *
J I From Nile*. V
" COAST DIVISION (Narrow ft«»)re).
. (Foot of Market Street.) [
SilBAKewark,OenterTllle,SaoJoM,Felton, L
Boulder Greek, Hants Oruz and Way
Htettons 3i50»
••ilSr Newark. CentorTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
SauU Cruz and Principal Way
Station* M«:S«A
4il3p Newark. San Jose and Los Oatos... 0:80 a.
t11:4.3p Hunters" Excursion, San Jose and .
Way BUtlons t7rB«>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
>r»B SIS FRANCISCO — root of Market Strut (Slip 8)~
. •Till 9:00 11:00 A.M. {1:03 *2:QO t3:08
•«>OO tB:OO ♦6:00 P.M.
froaOUUlll— Brno- wit- . -'«:(» 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl3:00 »l:00 ta-.QO '1:00 ti'.QO «B:oof.iU
COAST l>mslON (Broad «a»ge). '
(Third and Townseml Sts.)
7iooa San Jose and Way SsaHom (New "
Alraailen Wednesdays ouly). l:30»
•iOOa San .loa«. Tres I'imuk. SuiU Crux,
Pacltio drove, Paso Rubles, San
I.uls Cbispo, Guadalupe, .Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4ilOr
I*i4Oa San Joss and Way Buttons.... *B>Aoa
lIiSOa San Jnse and Way Rtations S: 33a,
'S:43pSan Ma'teo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
' " Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grofe M»iB«A
•StSOp San Jose and Way Stations *»«o«a
• lil3r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:4&*
*3tO«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35*
, StaOp .Hsn.Trise ami Principal Way Stations 3:3<>p
6:»«r San Jose and Way Stations 7:»<»P
f11:43p San Joseaml Way Stations liSOp
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
• Sunday* excepted. t Sundays only, ♦ Saturday* only
•[Mondays and Thun>fiay« aTu»»dayß and Saturdays.
<3atn'il>»v«i»n'l Wednesdays. hTlmr«daT' an<l Sunday*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
! WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:aO
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:SO, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, 3:80,
6:00, 6-;20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40.
■ $:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
' October 16,
Week 1 Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. Day 3.
7:3o am! 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
B:3opm 9:3o am Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10-pm 6:oopnr Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22 pm
| Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
S :30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:25 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:26 am
8:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
S:Sopm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:3o pm[ 5:00 pm 7:35pm 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake?, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter-
l Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter "Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willltts, LaytonvHle, Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITINO, R, X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, «S:3O, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:45,
1:45, 5:15. '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:OO, •10:00, '11:30 a. m. ; MilS,
8:00, N:3O. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:35, 7:46, *9:30 a. v.?
•12:20, 2:20. »3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, »10:00, *11:55 a. m. ;
•1:15, *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • ptart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DATS— 6:46, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45, 3:50, f>:2o p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN 3.
7:20 a.m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:46 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:30 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way eta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, 189S, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Paasen- Mixed. Mixed. {Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
B:2oam|lO:3oam Stockton 3:45 pml 6:sopm
10:10aml 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno 9:3oami 2:32 pm
12:38pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
3:20 pm|l2 :30am Bakersfleld 2:3oam|ll:2sam
12:58 pm( B:sopm Visalia 6:4Oam| I:lspm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street, San Francisco^
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(.Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11. 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
street, San Francisco.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CONSPIRACY IS
SAID TO HAVE
BEEN HATCHED
Rogers' Attorney Tells
Some History.
LISTENERS WERE SECRETED
DR. DERRICK THREATENED TO
BRING CONTEST.
Should the Case Ever Come to Trial
There Will Certainly Be a
Terw Sensations Ex
*"■' ploited.
Oakland «OfnVe San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway. Dec. 28.
The somewhat 'sensational contest filed
by San Heller against the seating of
Sheriff-elect Rogers has brought out a
secret of the campaign that was suspect
ed, but which i'ould never be proven.
When Heller withdrew a.; an Independent
candidate it was no surprise. Conserva
tive politicians figured that if he could
receive 500 votes in the entire county he
would be lucky. He had gone into the
fight with considerable display and na
turally sought to retire with the loust
poßsiole chagrin.
After an aUeged discussion between his
friends and the friends of Rogers it was
announced by Mr. Heller personally to the
newspapers that he had withdrawn "in
favor of Mr. Rogrrs." Now it appears,
according to the statement of Rogers' at- ,
torney, that a little conspiracy was form- i
•d In which Heller was to be the gainer [
and Rogers the victim. There was the us
ual hiding behiind portieres to lis
ten to momentous conversation, a:,d.
according to Hteller's story and
Attorney Church's explanation. Dr. i
George H. Derrick took the part !
of the mysterious man. Derrick
is frequently heard of in local politics,
having been mentioned for State Sena
tor and for Mayor. H,e was at one time i
State president of the American Protec
tive Association.
Lin S. Church, attorney for Sheriff
elect Rogers, has made the following
statement: "Dr. Derrick wrote to Rogers I
recently reminding him of his alleged '
promise made at their interview and Bta-j
ted that everything had bern taken down
in black and wniie. He further stated. j
that if the promise were not kept he
would be called upon before lie took his '
seat.
"Rogers says he never made any prom
ise to Dr. Derrick thut he would make
Heller a deputy, though he said he had i
agreed with the doctor that it might.be'
a good idea as it might influence a good !
many votes. This was in my presence,
and he called the doctor's attention to
the fact that the purity of election laws
would not permit the promising of a dep- !
utyship.
"I think it is a conspiracy pure and
simple. They have instituted a contest,
but they are too late., as a contest must
be brought within forty days after return ]
day. The Supreme Court has just handed j
down a decision that r«>turn day is the
lirst Monday after election, which in this
case would be the 14th, therefore :the
latest a contest could have been insti
tuted would have been on the IMth of De
cember.
"l>r. Derrick refused to show the state
ment to me, saying it would be shown at
the proper time. He said. also, that lie
f»lt justified in having some one behind
the folding doors to take down the con
versation, as his past experience in such
matters had taught him that it was i.t-st
to have a witness on such occasions.
"1 do not accuse l>r. Derrick of being a
party to this conspiracy, or attempting to
do anything -wrong. 1 am satisfied that
It will be thrown out of court."
The petition for a citation was brought
up In Judge- Ogden'a court to-day, and
District Attornej Snook stated that the I
time within which the citation could be !
Issued had lapsed. This view of- th*- mat
ter was opposed by Attorney Sawyer, on
bfhalf of Heller, and after argument the ;
case was continued until 10 o'clock Fri- |
day morning. .
J. B. Lanktree. who was one of the man
agers of Rogers' campaign, says that the
scheme of Heller is merely u> annoy |
Rogers. He declares that owing to bis
intimate knowledge of Rogers' light he
is positive that the latter never made any '
promise to Heller, but on the contrary ,
fie issued orders that Heller should not]
be given any cards or money to use in j
furthering RogerV campaign, in cam
Buch actions might be misrepresented, i
"Heller used to come to us every few I
days," said Lanktree. "while the cam
paign was on. and ask for a few dollars
to go out In the country with to In Ik up
Rogers. He bothered us so that we shut i
down on him completely. 1 know abso
lutely that promises of positions to a.
number of other deputies were not made
till long after the election, because I was
largeh instrumental in having Rogers
recognize them."
WARM CONTEST OVER
A PRISONER'S LEGACY
T. W. SINCLAIR MAY HAVE A
GUARDIAN: • .
Transferred All His Interest in His
Mother's Estate to Attorney
F. W. Sawyer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Dec. 28.
Some sensational developments are ex
pected In Judge Ellsworth's court next
Tuesday, when the petition of Fred Sin
clair to be appointed guardian of his
brother, Thompson W. Sinclair, aged. 50
years, comes -on for hearing.
It appears that Thompson. Sinclair, who
is at present serving a. "sentence in the
County Jail for ?om« i rival offense, has j
a $700 interest in the estate of his mother J
back in Michigan, and recently he con
veyed all his interest to Attorneys F. W.
Sawyer and J. E. Bennett, -for what rea
son no one seems to know, and, according
to petitioner, without consideration.
Attorney Sawyer appeared before Judge
• Ellsworth to-day and. stated that T. W.
Sinclair had engaged him to protect his ;
interests in the mother's estate and that
simply a contingent fee had been; agreed j
upon. However. Judge Ellsworth desired
to look into the case thoroughly,- and !
hence next Tuesday was fixed Upon as]
ihe day for hearing the brother's peti- '
tion.
The prisoner is a single man, who has'
lon much through spells of incumpetency
brought on by the evil effects of Uqdor,
and his brother now asks that a guar
dian be appointed to protect him in his
expected legacy.
On the other hand. Attorney Sawyer
insinuates that the petitioner Is aiming
to have his brother declared incompetent
and committed to an asylum and also
have control of the legacy.
Among the heirs of. the late Mrs. Sin
clair are the petitioner, the prisoner, also
Dave Sinclair and a sister, and in each
case the Inheritance does not exceed $700,
and they claim there 1b no contest over
the estate nor any controversy that re
quires the attention of an attorney here.
Andrew Carnegie teLis how
he rose from, a bobbin-boy to a
millionaire, in next Sunday's
Call.
HIS GOOD NAME
MORE VALUABLE
THAN RICHES
Novel Will of Luther
P. Fisher.
■
AN HONEST MAN'S BEQUESTS
.
1 DIRECTS OLD OUTLAWED DEBTS
TO BE LIQUIDATED.
His Agency to Be Sold to Highest
Bidder and All He Leaves to
Children Is His Good
■".;..*- ' Name.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
*is Broadway, Dec. 28.
According to the olographlc will of the
late Luther P. Fisher, dated November
13, ISM. and filed far probate this after
noon, all ha leaves his children is his
good Dame Tho will Is a. remarkable
document, and provision is made therein
for the payment of several debts long
since obliterated by the statue of lim
itations. But what seemed uppermost in
testator's mind was a good name. In his
will he writes:
"The words of Solomon, 'A good name
is rather to be chosen than great riches,'
have my hearty indorsement. I have no
doubt my children will be in full accord
with me in this matter and will faithfully
and sacredly carry out my wishes con
cerning them. My good name is all 1
have to leave them, and I want to leave
it untarnished."
Testator then directs that three princi
pal debts of long standing be liquidated.
Fir,st, a debt of $500 due to Henderson
Davison, contracted in 1851, when testator
was a route agent on the San Francisco
Picayune, long since deceased. According
to the will testator has for years tried to
locate Davison, but believes him dead.
Hence Mr. Fisher directs :hat the money
be paid to the Y. M. C. A. of San Fraii
cisco, to be placed in a fund to be known
as the Henderson Davison contribution
fund and to be devoted to- the care and
education of poor boys; but in no event
is the money to be used In liquidating any
of the association's indebtedness.
The Becond debt, another of $500, due to
Jacob Hardy of tli-e island of Kuai of the
Hawaiian group, is to be paid. "This
debt," reads the will, "ought to have
been paid in 18G7." The other debt, also
of $500, in directed to lie paid to the family
of George Tate. living in Alameda.
•'TIT-se debts.." recites the will, "were
the result of moral weakness — a strong
anil clear perception of right and wrong
was wanting or not strong enough to
overpower selfishness- which was
stronger.
Testator further dire.cts that his busi
ness-^the well known advertising agency,
with headquarters in San Francisco— be
sold to the highest bidder. Hope is ex
pressed that H. \V. Knoll, Mr. Fisher's
associate for years, be the successful
bidder, but no partiality is to be shown
in.' the matter.
■\Villlam A. Fisher, a son, is named as
executor, but he, as well as Lucy B.
Fisher, in a petition fileu to-day, asks
that letters be 'issued to David Hewes.
The estate will just about liquidate the
debts mentioned.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 28. — The Alameda
Boating Club, has made the following
nominations for officers:' C. H. Smith,
president; AY. G. Hanson. Charles E.
Pesoll, vice president; W. B. llinchman,
secretary; G. 11. Miller, treasurer; Atwel
Webb, captain; Warren Lubbock. non
tenant; Calvin Knowles. G. A. Rosen
berj and K. A. Hammersmith, executive
coTnmittee;. Ed Thorning. mascot. The
election will be held January 10.
.The' Cotillon Club gave a party last ev
ening at Harmonic; Hall. About Blxty-flve
Couples were in attendance.
The Young Men's Club of the First
Presbyterian Church •will give a muslc&le
Thursday evening at the church. Among
those who will participate In the pro
gramme are: A. V. Sykes. Misa ( '!ara At
kins. J. J. Atkins, Miss Florence Young,
Miss Ethel Holladay. George Burgess.
Clem Bates, Edward Thornton, 11. C.
Lassen. E. T. M. Bckert, Miss Mabel
Trt-tht way, Miss Alice Hand, Miss Mabel
Mitchell. Miss Ethel Fleming. G. \V. At
kins and Mrs. EL R. Lipman.
Thomns A. Smith, a pioneer of Alame
da. who has been seriously ill. suffered a
relapse to-dny and his life is despaired of.
A meeting of citizens was failed this
evening to discuss the moving of the citj
pound, which now occupies the middle ol
c.itir' street. They claim they can get
isfactlon from the authorities and
so must take matters Into their own
hands..
Austria made 70.000 bicycles In 1897.
THREATENS TO
WIELD A WHIP
Mrs. Miller Heis Trouble With et
Home-Finding Society Over
Her Boy.
he bad been sent by the Rev. Mr. Hen
derson.
I-s. Miller's husband left her about
n months agn with four children to
>ort, and early in September a Mr.
:h. motorman on the Eighth street
had urged Mrs. Miller to part with
son. Smith said that Frank would
> a good home on his mother's ranch
lendocino County,
ne morning in September Mrs. Etta
>s. Rev. Mr. Henderson's assistant,
tiled at my home afd tot>k the boy
away," said Mrs. Miller. "She repre-
Hted that he would be properly clothed
I fed and sent to school, and that he
lid be made a man on Mrs. N. J.
ith's ranch, near Fort Bragg-. I con
sented, for I thought it best to remove
Bink from certain bad Influences.
Since then 1 received letters from the
- wherein he begged to come home,
one letter all it said was 'Ma. I want
to come home.' This was on a slip of
paper torn from a part of a letter, 1 be
lieve, and the envelope was addressed
by Mrs. Smith. Then I got a letter
from this Mrs. Smith telling me the boy
was doing nicely; that he was learning
to milk and hitch the horse and cart.
I hat he could not .go to school until he got his books.
[ have no money to buy books with and they know it. One day I got a
- from Frank, asking me to send him something to eat. Several weeks ago
ced Mr. Henderson to get back my boy and he has kept promising and
ising, and Mrs. Smith claims I owe her $4 for clothing Frank. Mr. Hender
idvised me this morning that I make o\it a bill for my boy's services at
f>r month, deduct $4. and sue if Mrs. Smith doesn't pay.
f think there is a scheme of some sort in all this business, and, therefore,
I told Mr. Henderson this morning I would horsewhip some one if that bdy is
not returned to me. They are trying to scare Frank into staying up at Fort
Bragg. I don't think Henderson does all his work for charity. If this is
'home-finding' I want no' more of it."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
MERCHANTS
FOR MUTUAL
INSURANCE
Legislators Afraid of
Cinch Bills.
BRETZ SUPPLIES FIGURES
EXCHANGE READY TO PUT UP
FOR EXPENSES.
Some Member of the Alameda Dele- f
gation Is Pledged to Present
the Measure at Sac
ramento.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 28.
Is the mutual insurance bill which has
been passed by the Legislatures and suc
cessively pocketed by Governors Irwin,
Waterman and Markham a cinch bill, or
is it a measure that can be introduced
with propriety and free from all taint of
suspicion?
This is the question that is worrying
the Alameda County legislators. The
bill has been argued many times at Sac
ramento and has received the support of
both houses, but it has always failed to
meet with the favor of the executive. It
is the one measure that President Arper
and the directors of the Merchants' Ex
change are anxious to have parsed by the
next Legislature and approved by 'Gov
ernor Gage. The bill was onginally
drawn by ex-Assemblyman Bretz, and the
exchange has just received a report made
at its request from Mr. Bretz on the
standing of mutual insurance companies
in other States.
The exchange has discovered that the
average rate of tire insurance in Oakland
is at present Jl 47 on $100. The average
in Pennsylvania and other States where
mutual insurance prevails is about 50
cents. This report has been placed before
the Alameda delegation, and the mem
bers, or most of them, confess that they
are practically convinced by the argu.
ment, but they do not wish it to appear
that they are fathering a bill that is not
practicable and that may bring upon
them the odium of trying to cinch the
stock insurance companies. The members
of the delegation have stated that they
do not want to be misunderstood, and
consequently no one has volunteered so
far to introduce the bill, but the delega
tion, through its chairman, has declared
that should the bill be sent to its head
quarters at Sacramento they will arrange
among themselves how and by whom it
shall be presented.
President Arper has given notice to the
legislators that in addition to the bill
they will be supplied at the expense of
the exchange with all the reports and
data in a handy form necessary to force
fully present the question to the Legisla
ture.
GRANTED A NEW TRIAL.
Sherman May Still Escape Punish
ment on a Charge of Em
bezzlement.
OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— John L. Sherman,
convicted ten days ago by a jury of em
bezzling $500 belonging to Mrs. A. Small,
a widow, was granted a new trial late
this afternoon on the ground that the
verdict was not In accord with the evi
dence. Sherman was to have been sen
tenced this afternoon by Superor Judge
Ellsworth, but his attorneys, Judge J.
D. Sullivan and Colonel T. F. Garrity,
moved for a new trial. Judge Sullivan
contended that if Sherman, at the time
of the alleged crime, had been acting as
agent between Mrs. Small and San Fran
cisco parties, the accused having agreed
to purchase from the latter a cigar stand,
then embezzlement had been committed.
But the testimony showed that the widow
had agreed to take a promissory note for
the money. Again. Judge Sullivan con
tended that if the intent to defraud Mrs.
Small had been conceived by 3herman at
the time, the crime would not be embez
zlement but larceny, and If he misrepre
sented that the money was to be used
In purchasing a cigar stand it would be
obtaining money under false pretenses.
In granting the motion for a new trial.
Judge Ellsworth stated that there was
no question, in his opinion, that the Jury
had found accused guilty on general
principles of his rascality. "In my opin
ion, there is no meaner form of crime,"
said Judge Ellsworth, "than that of
which this man Is undoubtedly guilty—
that is. to prey upon the affections of a
woman and then rob her."
The matter will a^ain come up next
Wednesday to be set for trial. It Is.
however, now considered doubtful
whether, In view of the foregoing facts,
Sherman can be convicted of embezzle
ment.
MURDERERS' DAY IN
OAKLAND'S COURTS
Mrs. Mentel, Frank Cheese-
man, J. W. Lynn and Mrs.
Brandes on Exhibition.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 28.
This was murderers' day. Thlß morning Mrs.' Anna Mentel, accom
panied by her attorney, W. W. Foote. appeared before Judge Ellsworth
to be arraigned. Her attorney explained that he was not yet ready to
proceed and his request for a continuance of one week was granted. Mrs.
Mentel is charged with the murder of her husband.
Frank H. Cheeseman, the man who shot Thomas H. Brooke, and who
has admitted that he conveniently loses his mind when he commits mur
der, entered a plea of not guilty and the date of his trial will be set next
Wednesday morning.
John W. Lynn, who shot several times at his wife and also with tem
porary success assumed the demeanor of a lunatic, pleaded not guilty and
his trial will commence on the 16th of next February.
In Justice Cliffs court Mrs. Etta Brandes had her preliminary hearing
on a charge of murdering her stepdaughter Lillian. Deputy Sheriff Albert
White testified that in the presence of a reporter Mrs. Brandes had told
him that she and not her husband had beaten the girl with a short piece
of hose and also a hickory stick. She was not then under arrest. Mrs.
M. Godfrey testified that Mrs. Brandes had said that the child was of a
peculiar temperament and a liar and admitted that Lillian had been
whipped on Tuesday evening for stealing.
Other witnesses were J. S. Harvey; Dr. H. N*. Rowell, who testified
that the girl died from being beaten; Dr. L. Whit worth, who was called to
Llilian while she was yet warm; Deputy Coroner Streightif and Mrs.
Mary Kennedy. The stories they told have been several times published.
Large blocks of testimony from the shorthand notes taken at the examin
ation of W. A. Brandes were admitted in evidence and when the prose
cution closed Mrs. Brandes' attorneys asked for a dismissal on the ground
that no evidence had been introduced tending to incriminate the prisoner.
Justice Clift will render his decision to-morrow afternoon, but it is
practically certain that the motion of the defendant to be dismissed will
be denied by the court and that Mrs. Brandes will have to stand trial in
the Superior Court.
MUCH LABOR TO
DIVIDE A COUNTY
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE NOW
PLACING PETITIONS.
Senator Stratton Will Present a Bill
if It Be Drawn Constitu-
tionally.
Oakland Office San Franci6co Call.
908 Broadway, Dec. 28.
The question of consolidating the city
and county of Oakland Is to be placed
i before the people of the whole county In
I a methodical way by the Merchants' Ex
! change. Petitions are now being placed
i In all the towns and cities for the pur
pose of obtaining an expression of public
sentiment regarding the advisability of di
viding the county.
The Alameda legislative delegation nas
expressed its willingness to present the
necessary bill or bills to the Legislature
providing for the division of counties un
der such conditions as would enable Ala
■ meda County to be cut in two. Senator
: Btratton has informed the leaders of tne
movement that there are constitutional
questions involved, and that it will be
: necessary for an able attorney to draw
up the bills if they are to be constitu
j tional. The Senator expressed his willing
1 ness to prepare such a bill if he had time,
i but he says that it means a volume of
work and" research in order that it will
stand the test of the Judiciary Commit
tee of the Legislature.
Chairman Soh.-t of the Consolidation
Committee declares that he has offers of
all the money necessary to pay for draw
! ing up such a bill, and for preparing the
1 data necessary for argument at Sacra
| mento. The matter has been agitated tor
several years, and at present there are
I two schemes being considered. One is
, to make a city and county out of the bay
clties, and to this Alameda. satisfied with
her own government, vigorously objects.
Should the bill be framed so as to favor
the absorption of Alameda in one form or
another it will certainly be opposed by
Senator Taylor and Assemblyman Kinnv
land, both of whom come from Alameda.
They have already served notice on the
rest of the delegation to this effect.
In the Interior of the county there is a
i strong development of the sentiment in
favor of cutting the county in halves and
placing the new county seat somewhere
' between Hay wards and Livermore. It
has been pr ved by City Auditor Snow
! and the flgi j s and facts obtained by the
i Hoard of Trade ?.nd the Merchants' Ex
change that there could be a reduction in
taxation of from 20 to 30 per cent if there
' were a consolidated government instead
! of as at present— city and county govern
ments. Attorneys John R. Glascock and
! Cary Howard, who have been consulted
in this matter by the merchants, have
stated that in addition to a general bill
covering the consolidation question it
would be necessary to have another bill
applying the principles of the general bill
to Alameda County. These measures will
be drawn an soon as possible, and Sena
tor Strntton, chairman of the Alameda
delegation, has informed the promoters
of consolidation that everything possible
would be done to properly present the
views of its constituents at Sacramento.
THE COURT QUESTION.
Berkeley to Secure Appropriate Legis
lation for a Local Judiciary.
BERKELEY, Dec. 28.— A1l efforts on
the part of the Board of Trustees to se
cure a Police Court for the university
town by an appeal /to the votes of its
residents has been dropped. The major
ity of the board feel convinced that how
ever an amendment to the city's freehold
charter might be worded, whether pro
viding for an elected or an appointed
Judge, the measure would certainly en
counter opposition serious enough to pre
vent its success at the polls. They ac
cordingly intend to seek a remedy at the
hands of the State Legislature and to
put an end to . the peculiar conditions
under which the city, now labors of hav
ing no available means of enforcing law,
by so altering the Code of Civil Proced
ure as to make the establishment of a
Police Court here a legal necessity.
At the Instance of Town Attorney
Brenton A. Hayne three measures are
being prepared which will be brought be
fore the next Legislature. As the whole
question is fraught with legal difficulties
it is expected that one of the three may
cover the requisite ground. They are be
ing formulated by Attorney W. H. Waste,
Attorney Brenton A. Hayne anil Sena
tor-elect E. K. Taylor of Alameda. At
torney Waste has already framed his and
it will be Introduced into the Assembly
by Assemblyman Howard E. Wright. It
is intended as an amendment to section
103 of the Code of Civil Procedure and
provides for one Justice of the Peace in
every town or city of over 10,000 and-un
der 34,000 inhabitants. If successful the
measure will provide the town with its
much-needed judiciary, as its present
population numbers over 12,000.
The amendment is to read as -follows:
In every city or town, having 10,000 and not
more than 34.000 Inhabitants, there shall bo one
Justice of the Peace. . . . Every Justice of
the l'eace in any city or town having more
than 10,000 and not more than 15,000 inhabi
tants, shall 1)0 entitled to charge and receive
for his services Buch fees as are, or may be.
allowed by law. Provided, that in said cities
or towns, having more than 10,000 and not more
than 15.000 inhabitants, every Justice of the
Peace shall lif entitled to receive for his ser
vices in criminal prosecution for the violation
of city or town ordinances, only such fees or
salartr as the Board of Trustees or City •"'oun
cil of such respective city or town may by
ordinance prescribe.
Meade Gets Two Years.
• OAKLAND, Dec. 28.— Richard Meade
pleaded .guilty this morning in the Su
perior Court of burglarizing the resi
dence of John W. Swift. Meado married
only a few months ago, and claimed that
he entered the Swift residence to steal
rugs, which he sold to raise money with
which to buy food for bis young wife.
There were two charges against Meade
and it was suggested that the second
charge be dismissed, but Judge Ellsworth
stated that he could see no reason for
such action and regarded the plea as
flimsy. Pie sentenced Meade to one year
at San Quentin In each case.
HIS CHILDREN MUST
NOT BE THESPIANS
YON SCHMIDT FEARS HIS WIFE
WILL REAR THEM WRONGLY.
Has Determined to Fight for Their
Custody in the Divorce Pro
ceedings Now Pending.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 28.— E. A. yon Schmidt,
who is defendant in a divorce suit, is not
only going to combat the plaintiffs claim
for alimony, but he is going to strive to
secure the guardianship of their five
children. When the suit was tiled Mr.
yon Schmidt gave out the statement that
his wife had been a ballet dancer. Now
he is going to use that fact in his plea
for the custody of their offspring. He
does not want his children to shine as
stars of the stage. He asserts that his
wife's tastes run that way, and that if
she secured control of the children she
would shape their futures in the wrong
direction.
Mrs. yon Schmidt took quite an inter
est in amateur theatricals here and never
hesitated to allow the children to take
part in entertainments where their dra
matic abilities might be encouraged. \ll
this was contrary to the Ideas of the
father.
"1 am not willing that my wife should
have the determination of the future of
our children," said Mr. yon Schmidt
' Kven if I should be indifferent on my
own account. I am not willing that th*e
grandsons of my father shall go on the
stage or enter into the careers of shop
keepers or haberdashers. Mrs yon
Schmidt's predilections for the stage
would, it is natural to suppose, cause her
to prepare the boys for that life instead
of sending them to college and fitting
them for a career in keeping with that of
th»ir grandfather and great-grandfather
For that reason I shall fight bitterly for
their guardianship. 1 must have it in
my power to say -that they shall not be
prepared for the doubtful careers of
actors."
Obsequies of Susan Barlow.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 2S.— The funeral of
Mrs. Susan Barlow took place this morn
ing from the Loyal Oak Hotel, which had
been the home of the deceased for over
thirty-five years. Rev. p. S. Brush of the
E irst Presbyterian Church conducted the
services. The pallbearers were John H
Nobmann Sr.. George N. Grey, Frank
Cory and Ed Schultis. The body was in
terred at the cemetery at San" Lorenzo.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
GRAND HOTEL.
P Carpenter, Placervll II F Daugrerg Jr Nev
A Hockheimer. Willws G Sangan, Livermore
H Rogers, Sacto E Unsay &w, Madison
i- t A Hausallt ° J " Seawell. Ukiah
V .? Dennlson. S Mteo A II Randall, S Jose
A M Felker, S Jos* .1 W Johnston. Ukiah
J Freeman. Cal X Porter, w & c. Cal
("apt Cross, Liverpool M Zulvan N j
JV Ellis \, S Rafael >'■ Meyer, 'Santa Rosa
II Howard, Cal C F Ferguson. S Rosa
\\ Johnson, Cal w Houser, Palo Alto
S. £' n ?, r Chs ° ° AY Zartman, Tulare
E \\.-il, Chgo E B Root, L Ang
D D Lyons, Stockton W Brush. Cloverdale
HII North. Oakland : Oeo Boole L Ane
*' A Handle. Chgo T F Savage. L Ang
i " ir , sch - <? a \ O1 ' w Maxwell, Spokane
T Oakes. Santa Slara \ Miss L Gilmore. Wash
G B Lane. I-ortuna V Anderson. Ariz
£,H, H ?o? o £ nton &w - Cal A S Milice. Riverside
Miss A Boynton, Fernd F L Farrel, Chicago
Mrs Boynton, FerndaleiF C Packer Chicago
HA Shlrldell DenUonjWm Mead &w. L^na
J Jackson, S L Oblspo X W Sandison. Or
O Guzman. Martinez L Sackett. Marshfleld
OR Morris, Sonora F A Grlfflin, Sacto
H Sterne & w ' ss T Jose C L Walter, Fresno
J A Williams. L Ang C Erlckson & w, Cal
J P Onstott. Yuba City Mrs. F Erlckson Cal
Miss Onstott. Yuba J Porter& w. Oakland
Miss Spilman, Sacto J D Ludwlg. Marlposa
? ■&. 'Stewart. S Die o G E Black. Seattle
A Thomas, 5 L Oblspo W J Ellis. Seattle
t B albridge. Cal IA B Smith. Fresno
Crow. Carson I A Martin. Watsonvllle
C Fleckensteln &w CallF Huff Aw. Mt. View
Miss A Bell. Cairo. 11l 1 1 Rude, fklah
Miss C Nelson. Sactol H. Rudee. Fresno
O A Smith CourtlandlA Anderson, Sulsun
PALACE HOTEL.
T. L Shlptnn, Washgtn Mrs J S Rose. Portlnd
Mrs Shlpton, Washgtn Mrs A Jacobs. Pasadna
jy^ Canons. Pa I W H Efnn er. Marshld
? T Day. Washington D S Cone, Red Bluff
J M Gillette. Eureka 8 Offner Chgo
Mrs Gillette, Eureka ;K Weil, N V
R E Hyde, Visalla. j Mrs J S Book ft a
Mrs A* A Crawford. I Aberdeen
_\J, sal > a *_-,- _ v 'RE Jack. S L Oblspo
C E "Hood. J\ashingtn W J Cartan. Denver
E Alexander> N Mcx E Gee. Denver
II E Boynton.- Detroit A M Bergerin. Chgo
A V Booth, Chgo . D F Emmons. U IN
Mrs Booth. Chgo ' v 8 Grant Jr. S Diego
Miss M Morgan, L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEI,.
A Wllllnms, Stockton |J X Delaney N'ebr
Mrs T 3 Higgins. Chgo E R Knox. Stockton
Q w Ingieson, S Jose V Batcman Md
1' J White, Petaluma J B Reynolds. Md
C Finberg, Fresno Dr Edmundson & w
C A Grahill. Encinal Santa Rosa
6 h £.la,"',. la ,"', Me * leo C D Smith & w. Fresno
H B Quigley, Ky V Addy. Howkan
A B Beverldge, Id FIU W Holburn. S Jose
M McCann, Shasta Miss C Holburn S Jse
J Warneke. Nehr s Miss L Miller Pa
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, December 23.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, — hours from Point
Arena.
Bark Levl G Burgess. Yunggren. 9 days from
Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed Dec 28— Bktn
Northwest, for San Diego.
PORT TOWXSKXn-Arrtved Dec 2S-Br ship
Andelana, from Shanghai.
The reported arrival 'at Port Angeles to-day
of the Br ship Caradoc from Hiogo is an error.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year'
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery 'street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock
287' Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock '
unfliSWock. 31^- C ° rner Sixteen 'h; "open
■106 Eleventh street: open. until 9 o'clock
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock"
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open. until 9 o'clock. y
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. •
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _#%_
EVENING. December 29, at ~:3Qj±J\
o'clock.— Second Degree. By order of '~ '
the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., A
121 Eddy St.. will meet THIS EVEN- _J\_
ING a 7:30 o'clock.— Degree. JW/\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. ' ~ '
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. •
F. and A. M.— Meets THIS EVENING _J\_
at 7:30 o'clock for Second Degree. By Tg Jf
order of the Master. ■ - l^w *
■ - ■ • E. C. HARE, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE lodge. No. 30, F. and M
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (THURS- JL
DAY) EVENING, December 29, at ;::oS»
p. m. D 1. /V\
GEO. J. HOPE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
M.— Special meeting FRIDAY, Decem- _^\_
ber COth. at 1:30 p. m., for the IK3T
purpose of conducting the funeral o(/V>
our deceased brother. THOMAS McCAFFREY.
Friends are respectfully invited. By order
of the Master.
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
PACICIF Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F.
There will be Initiation on —jjgbgmscS-
THURSDAY EVENING, Dec. 29. r^M5^ r
It Is necessary that all members -'//"•^
attend. Visiting brothers are cordially In-
vited. JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Ast. Rec. Sec.
TERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I. .aafWn
(.». O. F.— Members are requested
to assemble at Masonic Temple,
corner Montgomery and Post sts., ■■'w/nxv
on FRIDAY, December 30th, at 1:30 p. m., to
attend the funeral of our late brother, T. J.
McCaffrey.
H. F. NEUNABER, Noble Grand-
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice Is hereby given
that the tenth annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the corporation, 518 Montgomery si.,
corner of Commerqlal. San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, January 4th. 1599, at 7:30
o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year,
presentation of the tenth annual report and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
Books are now open for subscription to
1000 shares of stock •** the eleventh series;
loans made in San Francisco and Alameda
Counties only; interest 6 per cent per an-
num, free of mortgage taxes; premium 20
per cent gross, or JO cents per share In-
stallments, at pleasure of borrower, which
amounts to $12 50 per month for each $1000
net cash received by the borrower; this sum
paying both principal and interest; loans
may be repaid at any time desired. By or-
der of the Board of Directors.
THOMAS J. WELSH. President.
A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
SPRING Valley Water Works, San Francisco.
December 28, 1898.— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the
company, 12G Stockton St., San Francisco,
California, at 12 o'clock noon on WEDNES-
DAY. th» 11th day of January. IS9&, to elect
trustees to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business
as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association—
A special meeting of this association will
be held THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING.
December 29th, at 7:30 o'clock sharp, for the
nomination and election of officers for the
ensuing term. A full attendance is re-
quested. By order,
P. F. WHEARTY, President,
F. E. DURHAM. Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from Rocco Molinari In the Humbug
Gulch Mine, near Volcano, Amador Co., to
deposit tailings in Humbug Gulch; from J. B.
Meek, in the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano. Amador Co., to deposit tailings in Mis-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery. Jr., In the
Emery Placer Mine, near Mountain Ranch,
'"alaveras Co., t" deposit tailings in Murray
Creek, and from Archie Xewell. In the Xewell
Claim, near Oleta. Amador Co., to deposit
tailings In Deadman Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room ."9. Flood
building, San Francisco, Ca!., on January 9
1899, at 1:30 p. m.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Sumdum Chief Mining Company
will be held at the office of the company,
room 3, Hobart building, 532 Market st San
Francisco, Cal.. on FRIDAY, the 6th day of
January. 189:», at the hour of 2 o'clock p. in.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve during the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as may
come tefor 1 the meeting.
H. G. STEVEXSON, Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the 6fflce of
the company. No. 302 California street, San
Francisco, California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1599, at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may properly come befor*
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 24. 1898.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal., will b« held at Its ba/.«-
lng house. No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899,
■ t 2:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
Pan Francisco, December 9. 189 S.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy It. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant are., near Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society,
lnl Montgomery st., corner of Sutter. The
board of directors declared a dividend for. the
half >ear ending December 31, 1898, at the rate
of four, (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 3, 1599. Dividends not called for are
added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from ana arter January 1,
lsy?. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
OFFICE of The Hlbemia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
Bts., San Francisco, Dec. 28, IS9B.— At a regu-
lar meeting of the board of directors of this
society, held this day, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-half
(3'i) per cent per annum on all deposits for
six months ending December 31, 1898, free
from all taxes, and payable on and after
January 1, 1899.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-The Continental Build-
ing and Loan Association. No. 222 Sansome
street: For the year ending December 31,
lSitS, a dividend has been declared at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits.
7 per cent on term deposits, 10 ;>er cent per
annum to class "F" stock and 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock, all free of
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIN, Secretary.
HtMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have aeclared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3. 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Th" German Savings
and Loan Society, 526 California st.— For the
half year ending December 31, 1898, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Tuesday. January 3 1899
GEORGE TOURNT, Secretary
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 88 (flftv
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office 327
Market st.. on and after Tuesday, January
"Transfer book* will close on Wednesday
December 2t>. 18S8. at 3 o'clock p. m y '
m E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 632 Califor-
nia St.. corner Webb. Dividend notice— For
the half year ending with the 31st of De-
cember. 1898. a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-S) per cent on ordinary deposits? free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday Janu-
an; 3. 1899. LOVELL WHITE. Caehil"
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of I
San Francisco. 33 Post street. For the ha»
year ending December 31. 1898. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and B ix!
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all S de"- !
posits. free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1599
GEOROE A. STORY rr n .M.,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BUY useful Xew^YeaTi Pre«it»;" "hansk££
chiefs, hosiery, gloves, neckwear, suspenders
aprons, underwear, etc; cheap at Pioneer Dry '
Goods . Store. . 105 Fifth st. r '°neer Dry ,
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Anvliim 7ZI
Home Society hereby ?lves notice That It
has admitted into the orphanage from July
1. IS9B. to December 31. 189S Tfhe foUowln?
named orphans and half orphans? bo^and
girls, viz: Sarah Rothensteln. aged 7 veara-
Hyman Rothenstein. aged : 5 , yelre- Henry
Barron. aged 8 years; Edwin Abrams aDed
6 years 2 months: Harry Benjamin aged 6
years 9 months; Sadie Kohn. aged 10 Tears •
Irene Well aßed 5 years; Helen Veil. 1 aged
* years; Abraham Dan2lger. aged 11 years
and Leo Rosenthal. aged 3 years 9 months.
BAD tenants ejected for M: collections made-
city -.?r country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. Ate Montgomery ..t.. rooms 9-10; Vel 558().
SITUATIONS WAXTED-PKHALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of alf nation- i
alitles can secure same by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter street.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation ; hotel or
boarding house; pastry . and ; meat cooking •
best references; city or country. • MISS Cl'l '
V LEN. 325 Sutter; street; - *CC ; : ■
Al COOK, best of references, desires a sltua
tlon. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 31« T Butter street
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SWEDISH first-class houseglrl, good cock,
wishes place; country preferred. Apply MRS.
Ni iRTON. 313 Sutter.
RELIABLE woman, with girl of X yeara.
wants a situation as housekeeper: no ob-
jection to country; reference. 13"i Sixth St.,
room 11, second floor.
COMPETENT woman, good cook and house-
keeper, would assist with housework; kind
to children; city or country. 141 Hyde St.,
near Turk.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation general
housework; is a good cook: low wages. Ad-
dress 3128 Clementina strfet, near Fourth.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to assist in
lik-ht housework or wait on table in small
restaurant; sleep home nights. 746 Howard.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation in pri-
vate family; would do general housework In
email family. Call 227 Hayes st.
POSITION as nurse or companion to elderly
person or invalid; 4 years' experience. Ad-
dress Branch, 1941 Mission st.
OMPETENT woman wishes position; house-
work, chamberwork or care or children; thor-
oughly understands dressmaking. 684 Geary.
WANTED— Situation by a German woman as
housekeeper In widower's family; no objec-
tion to children. Mrs. H., SIB Bth st.. Oakland.
WOMAN, good cook, wants work by the day;
terms moderate. Box 534. Call office.
RESPECTABLE and reliable person desires
situation care a child and do sewing; is first-
class seamstress; also speaks good Spanish;
no objection to wages; country' or traveling;
references. Box 284 Call office, Oakland.
SITUATION by a young lady as waitress in
hotel or restaurant: sleep home; no postal!
answered. Please call at 2919 Sixteenth St.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily emba: -assed at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
GERMAN girl wants a position for light
housework. 2 Tay St., oft Clay, bet. Powell
and Mason.
GERMAN girl wishes position a* cook or will
do housework. Box 521. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by elderly working houie-
keeper in city or country- A. 8., ISOS Taylor.
RESPECTABLE German girl would like gen-
eral housework in small family. Inquire
MISS PRANGE, 287 lowa St., Potrero.
MANAGING housekeeper In a family of re-
finement by a widow from the East; refer-
ence. Address till Jan. 3. Housekeeper, 1375
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20<> rooms; 25c to $1 r>o night; $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
;tn'l batrt'aKe to ami from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all klndi
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary, tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 M, OFarrell St.; tel. East 436.
SHORT order cook wishes situation in res-
taurant or coffee house; 15 years' experience;
steady and sober; married man. Addresa
KiS4 Folsom st.
GERMAN couple want situations as ,-ook and
helper or cook and waitress in country ho-
tel or mine in Southern California f^r Ari-
zona. Address W. DOLENHURST. 640 How-
ard st., rooms 2 and 3.
IRONER wants position polishing shirts and
collars on St. Clair machine or Tyler; 8 years'
experience. C. J., 619 Pacific Bt.
ALL who intend to go to the country can stor«
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
COOK of many years" experience in this city
wishes a position; good references. Box 527,
Call.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants place and house-
work in city. S. HIGASHI, 906 I>aguna st.
WAXTED— A traveling man of IS years' expe-
rience desirous of handling a few established
lines in the brokerage business in Los An-
geles; can furnish best of references. Ad-
dress A., 218 Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cal.
SIDE line wanted on commission by commer-
cial traveler. Address box 599, Call.
, ,—., — . _ —
SINGLE Englishman wants situation as milker
and buttermaker; understands the care of
fine stock and rearing calves and pigs. Ad-
dress C. HEWITT. 508 Second St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
i 'all. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESSES, different country hotela, $17 59
and $20, fare paid; German chambermaid,
near city, $20: cooks for the country, etc
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
HOUSEWORK for Modesto; $20. MISS CUL-1
LEX, 325 Sutter street.
TWO German second girls; $25 each. MIS 9
CULLEN, 325 Sutter street.
AGERMAN governess for three children;
wages, $25. MIPS CULLEX, 525 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $35 and $30; G second glrisTTs.-. $20
arid $15: 3 w-aitresses, $20 each; 2 chamber-
maids. 520 ami $15: 12 housework girls, $25,
J2O and SI."; several, young girls to assipt in
light housework, $35 and $10. MISS CUL-
LKX, 3lTj Sutter street.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, for housework^
Ma > field.- for 2 months; wages, $10 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 836 Butter street.
WAITRESS for Boulder Creek! $2o! MIS 3
CULLEX. 325 Sutter street.
NURSEGIRL. sleep home, $10. MISS CUL-
L'EN. 325 Sutter street.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. boardlng-
house, $20. MISS. CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, $6 per week. MIS 3
CULLEN, 323 Sutter street.
FRENCH second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter street.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT ISS
3 waitresses, first class, country $25- wait-
ress Woodland, $20; waitress, Bakersfleli,
$20; German waitress, country, $20- 2 wait-
resses, city. $20; French cook, restaurant
$30; 3 lunch waitresses, 60c, girl for silver
pantry, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104
Geary st. .
GERMAN chambermaid and: seamstress for
small private family: $25: call early. C R
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ?
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.. .... .PHONE GRANT ISS
Cook. 2 in family, $30; houseglrl, Jewish fam-
ily, $23; working housekeeper, small family.
$15; German cook. $35; housegirl. no cooklnr
$15, and many more for city and country 5
to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104 Geary sv
COOK, plain wash; short distance $25- wait-
ress and parlor maid,. $25; cook and se-ond
girl, small boarding house; $,20 arid $15; va'.t-
resr, mining camp. $20; waitress and < ham-
bermaid, country hotel. $20. and other*. J.
F. CROSETT & C 0. ,: 316 Sutter st.
NURSE Infant, etc., .Q6; second girl $20- 4
cooks, private families., $25 and $3f-; lunch
;ook, $30; French cook, restaurant. $30; S
waitresses.. $15. $5 and $6 week, an; a larga
number of girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3115 Sutter *t.
INSTITUTION cook. $30; hoarding house cook,
$30; second girl. $20; houseglrl. $35; 3 house-
girls at $20 each; 8 young girls t<> assist. $10
to $13- nursegirl, $in. must sleep home. MRS,
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Number of girls of fill various sit-
uations at best wages. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkln. i,
YOUNG lady who Is familiar with double en-
try books and accurate and rapid in calcula- '
tlons: state references.* Address "Cash," box
536. Call office.
YOUNG woman for light housekeoping .fnr
one; wages $S. Call after 3 p. m.. at 714
Lombard St.. corner Montgomery aye.
i YOUNG girl to do light housework: assist with
r 2 children; sleep home. Call after 2 p. m.,
, 1599 Market st. ' ' -. - .
WANTED— Woman to. do housework: small
washing; come at 12: sleep home. 1422 Clay
street, after 12. :
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 1930 Pine,
near Laguna. '__ ' .
FINISHERS on ladles' suits: also skirt hands.
20 Sansome street, upstairs.
GIRL wanted to do general housework. 141
Guerrero st. . ■
GIRL for light housework. Call early. •
o'clock,' 1362 Minna St.. near 15th.
RESPECTABLE woman for housekeeper in
widower's family m country. Inquire 706 Ellis.
GIRL for general housework; references 1115
Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Lady typesetter. Monarch Print-
lng Company. 1243 Mission st.
GIRL for choice place; wages $25 to $10; coma
at once. 1243 Park st.. Alameda. .
WANTED— An experiencd female hand to as-
ist at tailor shop. 438 Geary st.
t ?- I ? an on your wat ch at UNCLEJ
HARRIS . la aye.. near Market st.
WANTED— Experienced shoe fitters. '$1 Mar-
ket st.: Kn.-KXTHAL. FEDER & CO.
RELIABLE person to do housework in small
_£amily. 1315 Steiner st.
FINISHER on custom coats; god wajtes:
steady work. 138 Ruas st.
L £A?!* Bewln * at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery : position*
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
NINTH. J67— Branch office of The Call; >üb-
scriptloni and want ads taken.hum* WAX h:i)-ma:.i:.
&lUHRAY & nEADY 'PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WAN TO-DAY:
6 common lahorers to excavate a large parcel
of land nnar city.
15 weodchoppers Santa Crux County
to tler.ia*ers Sc, t'c. 10c and lie
farmer who can jrune and graft
Farmv and wife $30 and found
► Metal spinner v, $2 60 day
t MURK <*i READY. Cloy ...
'■'"''. - country hotels and rrstaur>int.«, $30,
?35 .... ?40: waiters. $2:.: dis»h rashers, etc.
, ; MURRAY & READY, CS4-C36 Clay s=t_
A7.-~c7~nT. HANSEN &CO Thon7~Grant ISS.
■ . -Broiler. HO; cook, small hotel near city. M.;
. ellverman, ?."0; lunch cook saloon, $7 a week;
. • 2 waiters, same country hotel. $25. <'. R.
• HAN!"F.N A CO.. 104 Geary street.
LICENSED marine engineer, j:.O and found:
harness maker, ranch, $1 ■ day and found: 2
men to prub land; man about place ISO. C.
R. HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary street.
i^HH' laborers for he mountain railroad to-
night, c. H. HANSEN & CO., 104 ■ .iry rt.
ERRAND boy. this office. C. R. HANS &
CO.. 104 G-eary street.
SHIP for J>*K:iguay January 1; fare, $12 50. c.
li. HAXhEN 5 CO., 104 Geary street.
AV'ANTEn— Second hand baker. $11 week";
French cook. >i<i. small restaurant* short
ordor -cook, country, JS3; kitchen man; city, J7
tve<-k\ v.aitpr, coffee «nfl chop house. JlO
"ftcelr; tell boy, $16 to ?ia . and ■ found: am]
other*. Apply a; .1. T. CKOfi ..I' v CO.". 62S
'.~ Sacramento street. ; .
E£> ES( OVA plense call. ~~^ ."'
"Wanted— Marine on.jineor with chief's It-
cense; shirt !ror.er, $25 and • .-.. dis-
tributor for laundry, $_: .1. ' board ; German
and wjfe for private placo. $40; American
working foreman for mine. $3 day; office boy.
5 - s>i wt-ek: ur.d ether?. Apply to J. F. CUO-
•ETT & CO.. iJ2S Sacramento street.
WASTED- Gardener for institution, near city,
nitist understand, raisins vegetables, $3i) and
found- young Catholic as aurse in institu-
tion. $20 and . -. ... 2 farmers for orchards.
■near city, $2-3; choreman for private place,
■near city. $20 and found; young. German for
housework In private family in city, $1;, and
found; young man drive null: wagon In oity.
small, route, $15 to « an.l found; co»iks
_wallterrs. etc^ W. I>. EWER & CO., 6: Clay!
BUTr.F.R; $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter
Stl> • .-. :;• •.-.'. ■
TA.MALE man; PonAra: $20 and found. MISS
_CULLEN, 325 Sutter ."treet
DRUG wanted— First class prescription.
clerk: must he sober and .speak English,
French and German. Box 630, Call. ;. .• ... -..-
WANTED light, genteel work; must
be satisfied with $15 per week; small capital
required. Apply at 23S Kearny st., room 7.-
IVANTED-Tailor at ROOS | BROS., 25 5. to } 37
Kearney street. • • •
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk; good recom-
mendatlons required. Post and Laguna Ms.
WANTED— Barber for country, no other shop.
Apply 20S' 2 East streets
WANTED— A tailor to press pants. 273 Minna
street.
nRST-CLASS barber wanted; no otlier need
apply. £25 Valencia st. , •.' ,-;.■'. •.•.•;-:
NOTICE, barbers— best-paying 25c shop
iv. city for sale. STOLTZ, 630 Market St.
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 35,
citiaene of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting officer, 425 Montgomery' St.,
S»n Francisco, Cal.
JICrj,OOO,OCO TO loan on bond«. stock, real .estate,'
'goods in warehouse and 111 bind, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at IS Grant ave\, near Mar-
ket st . UNCLE HARRIS, ".
STRONG boy to drive butcher wagon and
work around market. KEEPEN & CO..'
Ocean View. \ ■
WANTED— First-rlass chef and -second cook.
Apply Odd Fellows' Grotto. Seventh an.l Mar-
ket Ets.
WANTED— Stonecutters. Apply at work, ' Co-
lusa Junction, Cal. . -..-:.-, .:.;
MEN and women to take work home; good
wagee; no experience. 116 Sixth st." room 2.
"WANTED— Barber to buy good 2-chalr shop;
bargain. DECKELMAN 11KOS.. 108 Ellis st
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy;- able-bodied,
■ unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 80
i>"ea.rs, who are citizen* or the United States.
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and. able to speak, read and
•write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply "at the Rscrulting Office. 40 Ellis st,
San Francisco, Cal.. .
Mt'N wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per lay and expenses; cash every week; par-
ticular* lor 2-tent stamp. CALIFORNIA
OttANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rcikin, Reno House proprietor, still
"runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night;. $1 to {3 per week.
GREEN hands, seamen, carpenters, black-
smiths for ships at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
St., upstairs.
FINISHER at - Clay st MYSELL-ROLLINB
CO.. bookbinders. ' •
IJARBERP* Progressive Union: free employ-
irr.'t. H. Bernard. Sec. K-4 7'h: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764'-^ Mission
st., men to take roomp; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market et. • •
HEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13SV4 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec.,' 325 Grant aye. .
TRY Linden House, Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 7".c, $1
to Xt 50 per »k. Elcho House. '«"■'. Market st.
"WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 .Putter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st, near Jackson.
BINGLE. furnished, flne. larsre. sunny and airy
room. 2. r night. Ronedale House. 321 .Ellin st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. belOW Sixth,
. for a room ; 25c a night: $1 *. week.
WINCHESTER House. 4» third Rt.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. to. nJcht; reading-room ; free
'bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTRAIT* agents everywhere; Tilt '"'crayon. "••
try washable enamelines: no glji?«; don't
rub: cheap; particulars. Family Portrait Co.,
fh'cncn.
"LOST.
—REWARD' . ;
A liberal reward will be paid for return to
room 1203, Call building, of brown leather
purse, containing commutation ticket gold
'coin and other valuables, dropped on steamer
Berkeley on 1 o'cloak p. m. trip to Oakland
Tuesday. December 27. .
LOST on Saturday evening— Plain gold 'ring,
marked A. C. B. to E. H. M.. with date.
Finder suitably. rewarded. by returning to E.
H. MARWEDEL. 712 Mission st •
SUNDAY, on Grant aye., fox terrier pup; $5
reward at 13 Stockton place. .-
PUG down; answers to nome of Tug: liberal re,
ward if returned to 1475 Sacramento st. ■
LOST— By employing true fentlemA at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near Market St.. the
surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will r. ••iv the kindest treatment: private
entrance and private rooms. : ___
LOST— Medal No. 32. Finder return to 40 Ellis
Ft., and receive $5 reward. ■'.'--•
LOPT— A gold heart-shaprd locket, with Email
diamond in center. Finder return to this
offk-e and receive suitable reward.
FOIXO.
FOUND— Greyhound: owner can have same by
provlr.fr ;>'ty. 14 en worth st. ■
~ < '.Hl'l/I CLEANING. •
CITY Stf-am Carpet-cleaning -Works—
moves,. Jays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; .telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wotk
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Can>ei-
beatlng Works. C 53-3:.7 Tehama ft.; tei. 5.49.
" CARPETS clnaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
pTBATTON'B. 3 Eighth ?t.; tel. Jessie 'Mi.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleanlnjr Co.. 240 14th
• "St.; cleaning Sc per yard; tel. Mlnslon 74.
KLIN'S Car-iot-bentlng Works, C 33 Golden
Gate aye., lei. East 124.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st; !
• ; •■■:.-. 234. GEO. WOLCOU. Proprietor.
". fjCWI.VO MACHINES.
.$: MONTHLY, rented; repaired, b :. ■.:. in ;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
. repairing at lowest rates. 2C5 Fourth st.
LE(>AL NOTICES. r
! NOTICE li" ""hereby given thnt^'ilENßY
FLEMER and SAMUEL M. BNTDBR, con- |
ducting a ialonn and cigar .business at No.
SSCGO Mission fctreet, Ban Francisco, an co-
partners, have- this day dissolved copartner-
ship by mutual consent. MR. I-'LEMER will .
retire from said business on this. date and 1
MR. SNYDER will continue to conduct I the 1
* same at the same place.
Dated December 24. lfc»S.
HENRY flehkr.
Samuel m. SNYDER.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
STORE, saloon and boarding house privilege
for two of the best mines In Slsklyou County,
working all the year; rent of buildings free.
WILKE & UNFUG, POO Market Ft •
A— t3sO— Laundry route clearing $125 per month.
Call WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. * '
FOR RENT— Star* and basement on Eighth st,
■ 1 block from Market: rent $35; suitable, for
butcher shop. WILKE & UNFUG, 806 Mar-
ket St.
A— ssoo; SALOON; established I years, with 8
rooms; rent $06; close to Call building; aver-
age dally receipts $20; owner bought hotel in'
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE &' UNFUG.
806 Market st. .;:■■ -. ■;!
A - $:.-,' ; SALOON on' Third st., 1 block from
Call building: club and private rooms; a bar-
gain. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; DRUG store; rent $25; across the bay;
no opposition: well paying; a splendid open-
ing tor a tlrst-claas druggist. Particulars
, WILKE, & UNFUG. m Market st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business: death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG,. m Market at.
$700— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lis- Ft.; 5 living rooms; rent $26; doing a good
paying- business; owner -to leave for: New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. 90< Market st.
A— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65,- partners
ts.nt agree. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
KRBDO ,5; CO,, "2-2 Geary st ~*
$4500— Drug tore; $40 dally; nothing better.
i Florist; big funeral trade.
Branch bakery; $10 daily.
For particulars' of "above call on KREDO.
A— s2so; CORNER saloon. 2 card rooms; $20
daily; a snap. KREDO & CO., 21% Geary st.
$1100-^HOTEL; waterfront; splenakl = bargain. •
$100— Branch bakery and . delicatessen.
$150— Saloon; worth $300: to-day.
JONES, 565 Market st. "
A — ?400: PARTNER wanted: light business:
■established S years; lIS "to $30 iv week each;
j no experience required: trial given. ■ West-
| era Investment Co., 9 Geary zt.
|. $350-^SALOGN. board, and lodging house ' on
{ city front: bargain on account of sickness.
j • Mclaughlin & (■<..., 777. .Market street.
I FAMILY liquor store and bar; centrally lo-
cated; paying investment for good business
I man. WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay.
I a $150 PARTNER wanted In established of-
fice business: will clear $73 a month to each.
I . MOON a CO., IOOSIj Market st.
$17;— GREAT bargain; branch bakery: vege-
! table, fruit business. BABILE, S73H Market.
CHANCE seldom offered for best-located lodg-
• Ing house in town; .35 rooms; cheap rent:
first class, steady and transient trade: a
great bargain to make immediate sale on ac-
count of sickness in family; half cash If nec-
essary. Apply premises, no Ellis, nr. Powell. ;
A FIRST class barber shop for Bale. Inquire
at 12 Geary street.
$200— PARTNER, good paying business; lady
preferred; no trifle.rs. Box 635, Call office.
• PARTY to Join me to buy placer claim, Klon-
dike district; part cash down, bal. when
; taken out; owner embarrassed on account of
. business troubles. Box 600, Call office.
PARTNER with, some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
I 'room with family trade. Box 61S. Call office.
j GOOD 2-chalr barber shop; near water front;
low rent: owner retiring from business. See
STOLTZ. 850 Market st.
j CHANCE of a lifetime; established business;
! Market at, near Kearny; principals only.
Address Box E26. Call office.
■ GOOD paying saloon for sale; open all night.
Inquire liquor store, 791 and 795. Mission st.
FINE little saloon; must sell, account of leav-
ing city". 305 Minna st. '
, FOR sale— Barber shop. 1 chalr;.good business;
! cheap. 9U Kearny st.
■ RESTAURANT for sale at once on account of
. sickness. Inquire 1212' v Polk st.
$90 — FINE cigar stand, news agency and. laun-
dry office; cheap rent. 304 Fourth st
WELL established laundry office on principal
street; all drop work and cash. Address box ;
1 23, Branch Call office, 10« Eleventh st. "!
COFFEE", tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-IGSt
ale st. ...
WITH $500 you can easily get rich manu-
facturing. Address box £95, Call office.
| WANTED— A good restaurant man to take
I charge of .first-class, restaurant In connection i
with a hotel: good-paying business: French-
man preferred. Address box 607. Call office.
, A— SALOON: 1 block from The Call; with 8
1 rooms: 'sell cheap on account of sickness. '
Call at 677*4 Mission st. "
COFFEE and tea route*, supplied from .GEO. |
W. CASWELL & C0:'5."415 Sacramento st.
I.»il)i.;\i. HOUSES FOR BALB.
! H. C. DECKER, LtM Market St.. opp. Fifth.
■ 110-room corner house '. $8500 '
14-room house; only ■.. 600
26-roora house; rent $50 750
6-room flat: rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
• £2 rooms; reduced from $5000 to..'. 2500 !
12 rooms: on Market st; rent $40...., 400 I
10-room house; only ' ISO '
21 r<ximr-: corner: clears $150 5."-ft ■
i 48-room house; corner..' 1200.
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
! No contract from" buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO ACO ~77. . 22U Geary street
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms: elegant: clears $50 $325
12 rooms: rills st.; always full 500
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s32o; 10 rooms, nicely furnished: Taylor St.. ;
: nr. Geary: rent only $35. KREDO * CO. I
1 A— s4ooo; 240 rooms: guaranteed to clear $350
per month; trial given. KREDO & CO.
«irO; "-room flat, south of Market; free rent i
: and light KREDO A CO., 22V, Geary.
i BARGAIN: lodging house: now futr.iture:
clearing $250 a month. LOWENSTEIN, 34
K»arny »*;.. rooms 10-11.
i 1660; ELEGANTLY furnished sunny . corner
house. 10 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
j 540 Ellis. __.
i A— s3soo; 100 ROOMS, cor., with elevator: great
bargain. « SPECK &■ CO.. 602 Market St..
NEWLY furnished house of 7 rooms, all rented;
cheap for cash. 3*3 Taylor st.
LADIF.R. If you r.eed money cull on UNCLE
HARRIS. I.* Grunt aye., near Market Et.
"_ FIRMTIUI FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for 4 rooms complete for house-
keeping at 1126 Folsom St.: walnut set
—^»^ -»— ~—^— »— — «i^— —
" MORSES.
"80 HORSES of "very description nt Emporium
Sajesynnis, 220 Valencia ft. bet Thirteenth
and - Fourteenth ; also buggies wagons, har-
; ness. etc..' at your own price. '■
"40 HORSES for sale: also w*uronq. burbles,
ports, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 527 Sixth: auction snlt>« every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*-.
j2o— B-AROAIN: fine horse, : cart and harness.
16th and Folsom Bta., grocery store.
•WAGONS A.ND CARRIAGES.
EXPRESS wagon and two homes for sale.
N. W. cor. Preclta. are, and Alabama st. •
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS;
BOILERS engines, id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSI/ * WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BEAUTIFUL present for a lady-; a 10-stone
aiamond crescent lady's pin -for $7.".: cost
originally $IW. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
BICYCLE —New cent's '98 model, best make;
cost" $73; prices 22 00; cash.' Box 533. Call. '
GROCERY And bar for. Bale cheap. 117 Second
street, corner Minna.'
FIRE proof ...safe for. sale; • cheap. 42 Main
etreet. ' j *
12-GAXTGE nhotgun. almost new, for sale, cheap
at 1350 Folnom street.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
complete. 1315 Mission, nfear 15th.
FRESH milch cow for . sale. . 1025 . San Bruno
road. . ■ . • - - .
FINE thorough-bred. Great Dane pups; (
week 3 old; full pedigree given. 116% «t)i st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum,- office furniture, store and office fur-"
niture and fixtures :. new and second hand.- J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. • .' "."
A 6 H P. easollne marine enplne; almost new;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mluwlon St.
TOOLS & machinery, every description, bought,
sold & exchanged: send postal. 648 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ' ■ . ■ . . ,
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material, 1114 Mission; tel. South 737.
SAFES— Bargains in. new and second-hand: all
• ires: half Original cost 108-111 Market. 3. F.
SIX ho-sepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal: Belt Co.. ""CM Mission: tel. Br. 131. ;■;•" V
ONK and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HTrgCHMTPT. *23 Golden Gate aye.
—_ ______ -
BICTCIJBt.
GEXT*S high' grade '88 wheel cheap: used two
weeks. ANDERSON. Call office, Oakland.
riIYSICIAIfI.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021 Market, bet. 6th and 7th,
THE SA_? FttAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH .GREVEN."' vocal instructor. has
" proved that by his recent discoveries he can
cure the Weakest, faultiest voices and develop
them to the greatest power and beauty; con-
sultation of 20 minutes. $2 50; terms per
month moderate. ■ For further particulars call
rooms 121 and 122. Murphy building, corner
Market and Jones sts. ; reception hours,
Wednesdays and Saturdays, 2 to 3. '
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
"than ever; 7.\9 Inches. 10c; 10x12, l.'c: 12x16.
20c; 14x17, 8c; 16x20. 30c; ISx22. 35c; 20x24, 45c;
I2x2S, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
• or brass trimmings, Isc; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot; colored pictures, studies,
' etc.. 3 for lOe. JONES, 547 Mission st, bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
. carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
. rates, GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla Is the only hair tonic
that thoroughly cleanses the scalp; 85c per
bottle; try It. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St. |
■ LEDERER, the leading, hairdresser, charges j
but 26c for dressing the hair, any style; up- |
to-date: switches $1 up; open Sunday and j
Monday, I to 12. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton. |
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same
place as before, the kitchen being under the j
direction of one of the best chefs In the city. .
A. GAUDARD. Prop., cor. Bush and. Grant !
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st, near Market; 200 rooms;'
Xc to $160 per -night; $150 to $6 per week.;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter.
'YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c; satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present : stamps
bought. W.Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;'
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny. i
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st. Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DHESSMAKERS.
"LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School, 103 Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
"olleKe. Dig Market: men and women teachers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
■ ; ' $3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50,
ChicHertng upright 235 00
Sohmer. upright 115 00
Knabe upright 273 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of.
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis st. Y. M. C. A. building. ,
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Etelnway dealers, corner Kearny and gutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss I
west of ChVa*o Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. to and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ::^-:*.: :^-:*. "•<
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case. $190
Royal piano; oak cane 197 j
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
$6 per month; guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE Hardman piano: little used; price
low for cash. Dewing Co., 2d floor Flood ;
bldg., piano mfts.; sole agents Hardman
piano..
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS 1 . 769 Market Ht. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
WM. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent
for . celebrated pianos of - Francis Bacon of
New York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston. .
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: .1 bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wardrooms. IMS Market st.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZ.Y,, Sole Agent. 303. Post st. .
A' FINE Steinway and new Chickering upright
sacrificed. ..KF.EFFE'g;- 1019 Van Ness 'aye. . .
ALMOST new Chickering upright; half price;
Immediate forced sale. Room 21, Flood bldg.
A GOOD Fischer upright. $125 ca*h if sold to-
day. Room 12, Flood building.
FINE Steinway; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HOIINUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_-_ MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st, has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
.cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranty, d by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
. Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay: home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr..Foulet's capsules ore guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of .after ef-
fects: taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. - WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
sue.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free; pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the wtll-known ladles' physician for 27
' years. Call and see me for, a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. SIS Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cages of monthly irregularities from whatever
oauße; no instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $3; travelers helped Instantly; hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1123
Market St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; instru-
ments; maternity, home; best medical , at-
. tendance; cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to IJ62A Mkt.,bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
ChicheFter"s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chlchept'-r Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly: call or v.-rite-; confidential. ' 10254 Market.
ALLmarrled ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C 0. .406 Clay St.;
11 CO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cat.
DR. and MRS. XVEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: beet care and.' attendance: terms
moderate: ants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with'
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 158 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared * for during
confinement. 727 Bcllevue avi-., Los Angeles.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. '
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, &50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE FREE; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 .McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
NO fee unless .successful. W. P. ADAMS, rm.
607. Emma Bpreckcls bldg., 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W.. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evg«. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. B. CLARK— Emma Spreckelsbldgr.i 927 Mar-
kef. consultation free: no fees In advance.
TWE WRITERS. "
AH ; typewriters sold and rented, few. partly
used for ' sale cheap; »end -for -samples and
prices, ALEXANDER & CO,; 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraplv $15: Yost, $25;
■ get sample work. BCOTT, BS3 "Montgomery »t.'
HOUSES TO LET.
A— lo ROOMsT?ost. near Franklin $50
A— lo rooms; Pacific aye., nour Franklin.. 00
A— lo rooms; Bufeh, near Van Ness 40
300 others; cheap. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt. _
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery .
MODERN residence, MIS Jacks ,n St.; grand
view; 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 626 Market st.
PERRY 212V4— Bay--.vlr.dow house, 4 rooms;
rent $1? 60; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., Incorporated.
WK can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & lIOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
Ft., near Market. Apply at IB Grant aye.
$10— HOUSE of 4 rooms: large barn; big yard.
Cor. Seventh aye. and Lake st.
$32 50—14 ROOMS, r.ew house; laid out for rent-
Ing rooms. 55&5 Twentieth St., nr. Mission.
FURXISHED HOUSES TO LET.
13.12 POST et., between Franklin and Gough
sts. — !i rooms, porcelain tub, new plumbing,
etc.; large ground? and lawn; rent $75, on
lease. Apply MADISON & BURKE, C 26 Mar-
ket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
403 LAUREL $t., modern cottage six rooms
and bath: rent reasonable. Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 626 Market ?t. __
COTTAGE, 5 sunny rooms; chicken house,
barn; cheap. 521 Thirtieth st., above Noe.
FURXISHED FLATS.
TO LET — From 1 to 3 months; the most desir-
able and handsomely furniflhed flat in the
city, of 7 rooms and bath, to couple with-
out children; telephone and piano. Address
Ti. T. H.. box S2B. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A-100 FLATS, cottages, $7 to $11; 10 to 30 days
free. At A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
A— SI6— FOLSOM, !<O9, near Fifth— Nev.- bay-
window flat; 5 light rooms; bath; gas; tubs.
GROVE, 535— Flat of 4 rooms to let; rent
cheap^
MODERN lower flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
basement; rent reasonable; 3316 Sacramento
st. MADISON & UURKE.
RENT reduced $12; 536 A Sixth St.; nice flat; 4
rooms; hall; folding dours; mantel; large
yard ; rear entrance.
$1 ono 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
UPPER flat; 3 rooms; 245 Harriet St.; rent
cheap MADISON A BURKK.
$16 AND |18; modern double bay-window flats,
6 and 7 rooms; ir> Henry St., between Sanchez
and Noe. $12: bay-window flat, 4 rooms, 3795
Seventeenth »t.
WK 'an rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$23— LOWKR flat; 5 rooms and bath; furnished.
Apply immediately at 2032 Steiner st.
rooms ~F~HnHoT-ihlk._;jspiiNCk
ALVA, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st.
Ia— RENT free in good house to respectable
couple in return for some services; give par-
ticulars. Address box 522, Call office.
( 'LKMTNTINA. 707—2 nice rooms for house-
keeping; laundry and bath; reasonable.
EDDY, 468— Neatly furnished suite for house-
keeping; ground floor; $8; private.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable connecting house-
Wiping rooms; no children: private residence.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping; 3
rooms, $1_; also single, $5. $3 and $2.
FIFTH, 322— Larse sunny front bedroom and
k!tchen;grate; sink; water; bath; private: $11.
FIFTH, 392 — Complete housekeeping rooms in
private family; rent from $1 up. .
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms complete tor-
housekeeping; rent $12 60. .
GROVE, 131— Furnished room suitable for light
housekeeping.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness ave.— 6uite of i
Eunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HARRIET. 15— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
HAUIiISO.v. 7Sl— 3 rooms, furnished completely
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13.
HARRISON, 925— Large uufurniHhed room suit-
able for housekeeping: $c per month.
HOWARD. 1822— Newly furnished sunny front
room, $6 per month; private family.
JF.SBIE, 812, off Ninth — 2 sunny rooms for
light housekeeping. Apply 29 Ninth st.
JONES, 20Rfi— Two sunny front unfurnished
rooms, bath, laundry: $8.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front furnished, $S;
large back room, furnished, $6 50; 2 house-
keeping rooms, $11.
LKWIP. IR, ofr Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen, unfurnished, $li..
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms, complete;
suites of rooms with grates in. /
MISSION. 868, near sth— Suit of 2 nice sunny
housekeeping rooms; pleasant and cheap.
NATOMA, 81, near 2d— Sunny front rooms for
housekeeping; also single room, $1 per week
up; quiet respectable place.
OAK, 11!<— 2 furnished rooms, heavy housekeep-
ing, $10; also front room, same, $5.
POST, S22— Unfurnished sunny -rooms, single or
in suits, with all conveniences.
RUPS. 116. off Howard, near Sixth— Double
parlor and kltrhen unfurnished.
BCOTT, 1614— Flret floor or 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath; garden; $16; adults only.
SHIPLEY, 259—4 housekeeping rooms, $6; fur-
nished, $8; no children: no d'i^«.
SHOTWELL. 937— Upper floor; private house; 3
unfurnished rooms; $8.
SIXTH. 216H— Sunny front rooms for light
housekeeping; also back rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; r.'nt, $10.
VAN NESS, 43— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also corner rooms suitable for dentist.
VERONA place, 24. bet. Harrison and Folsom,
cor. of Third— Furnished rooms, housekeeping.
ROOMS VO __/l'~
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
punny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BURNETT, 1364 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money 01*
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
AT Stockton, 242 — Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaaa; day or month.
BOHKM tIA, 239 Post— ElegaJit corner sunny
suites aud single rooms to families and gen-
tlemen; all conveniences; elevator, etc.; rea-
sonable.
BRUNSWICK- 148 Sixth st., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 85c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUSH, C29— Neatly furnished front room; very
reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
ELLIS. 41S (GranJ Carr.ot>— Nice Bunny suites
& sing., $1 60, $ti wk. ; 50c, $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
ELLIS. 540— Sunny cor. house; nicely furnished
rooms; light hskpg if desired; gas: bath.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny. unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH, 438-(Mechanlcs' House) rms., single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient.
FOLSOM. S2fi. near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
$1 per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
' Mission— Pleasant eunny rooms; en suite and
pinglc; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Belect family
rooming houee; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
(heap. neat, light sunny rooms; transient.
LARKIN. 408— Sunny front and single room;
nicely furnished; private house.
LEAVENWORTH, 418— Sunny alcove suite;
also small room; terms reasonable.
MARKET. 1073>4, near 7th— Neatly furnished
front office, rent $12; also large front room,
thre ewlndows, for office or (justness, $15;
small rooms, $5.
MASON. Nice sunny furnished room; gent
preferred; reasonable.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 933 (Mint House)-Nice sunny fur-
nlshed rooms; transient; new house; central.
NEATLY furnished room for lady; $4 per
month. Call 112 Eleventh st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first-class.
PINE, 514 A, near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny roon.s; single or en suite; moderate.
PINE, 1006; the Victor — Beautiful, sunny
suites; single rooms, excellent board; re?.
POWELL. 317— Fomerly "Cosmos Club"— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
SEVENTH, ITS— Nicely furnished front rooms
for rent; $1 per week.
SEVENTH, 179 — New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Ulxhth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TURK, . 126— Furnished rooms tor man and
wife; also single room for gentleman.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FELL, 26 — 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable: gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 260fl— Large sunny rm.. grate, large
closet, with board for 2, $35; one, $23.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; special rates for 2 or more.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
BUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
< lIU.IJH: \ BOARDED.
WANTED— A child to board; nice home: one
block from school; mother's care; reasonable.
1414 Twenty-first aye.. East Oakland.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. •*-'■ Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents Jl2 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MONTGOMERY aye, 116- Large, sunny bay
window rooms; suitable for doctor; cheap.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
or suite. 1206 Market, corner Goldon Oato.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION^
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
«rord she tells you In full of all that you are
Interested in: business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and buried trftusures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st., B. F.. The Vendome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH, the prophetic seer
and psychometrlst, box IIM, Oakland, Cal.;
diagnoses disease by mall without symptoms
from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps; rock from
mines read, $2 C>o; life readings by mail, $2 50;
Bend for testimonials.
MRS! J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fail; sittings SI. J32 Stockton St.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye., near Market st.
MME. YOUNGS convincing t<-st circle to-
night: 10c; 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
MHS MESA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
i MRS. KATE HOSKINB trance medium; read-
I ings dally. $1. 322 S. Spring st.. Los Angelas.
MRP. ELLIS: t^-sts to all; Tu<»s.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon. S; 2."o; sittings $1. 283 Valencia st.
"""clairvoyants.
a- mrs. dr. f. clark.
Permanently Located in San Francisco,
At 102314 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
■While entranced elves »ld and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023H Market st.
RETURNED--- Mrs. Mandena, medium and
palmist; readings this week, 2j cents; satis-
faction guaranteed. 2344 Sixth f=t.
MMX. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. . 14S 6th. rm. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, card reading.
417 Bush street, rooms 9 and 10.
MMB. ETHEL ORAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fpSFlon, has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME, RAVENA reads Ufa fluently; business
advice: names given; 2V up. r> Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 250; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. V.. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 3ir> O'FarrPll.
dentTsts^
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c: teeth without plates ' a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
v hen plates are ordered; consultation fres.
Modi p. Dental Parlors, corner Market and
M;i:m d ;i:. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell «., ex-
tracts or nils teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 949 Mission Bt.
I DR. LUDLUM HILL. I+4B Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 285 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold, 60c; »Uver, 25c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th — Crown and
brld&t work specialists; crowns $3; eft. 15 yr».
SET of teeth without a plate, DR. H. O.
YOUNO. 1841 Polk ut.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 132Q Market st.
BOY CATIO HAL
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; course opens Jan. 5; term, 6 mo.,
$75: languages, Fernch and Spanish, begin
Jan. 6; course, $3; special training during
second term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms
C and 20, Mercantile bldg., 53<t Golden Gate ay.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practices, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1190 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College , 723 Market st. ; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, et'-. ; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
50c hour: excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 953 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 2841 24th Bt.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 672 Parrott bldg.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. l
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth Aye., near H st.
$400, $450, $500 to ISM each; street graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down, $5 monthly.
Unexcelled- View. | Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Agents on the ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 ,to* $SOO.
$100 to $300; lots near Mlssion-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
, ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
ALL that are troubled, whether aily. weekly
or monthly should remember th.it they can
borrow on their Uamonds from UNCLE lIAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— Tenant for 5, 10 and 500 acre ranch
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wenaln-
ger; €25 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises, Freestone. Sonoma Co. :
~~- MONEY TO LOAN; "■ ~-
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 844-846 Market St.; tel. Main 1634.
EQUITY of $3000 in .city residence exchanged,
for unincumbered country home; give full
particular*. ' Box 532, Call office. •
LOANS tr> salaried people; no security except
name. - New Era Loan Co.. 1003% Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$5000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st., room 4, until January 1.
BORROW from the. CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st. •
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, G36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— SIOOO for i year, on note; good se-
curity. Box 523, Call.
_______
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 323 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE-Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
BERKKI_Y REAL ESTATE.
RANCH of 6 acres; all improved; almost In
center of Berkeley; splendid land for wheat
and alfalfa, cows and chickens: will sell very
reasonable. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley. ■
H STORAGE. ~~
I'IUnCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng~CoT
Of flee 401 Poat nt.. cor. Powell; tel. Mala C7ll
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
• Birth, : marriage ■ and death notices seat by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DECKER— In this city. December 23, 1898, to
the wife of Frank J. Decker, a daughter.
SCHENDEL— In this city, December 19, 1898,
to the wife of William Schendel, a son.
~~~ MARRIED.
HETTY— VOLTMER— In this city; December 15,
1898, by the Rev. R. Emery, J. F. Hetty and
Magdalena Voltmer.
LEVY— PELS— In this city. December 25, IS9B,
by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Dr. J. W. Levy and
Carrie Pels, both of San Francisco.
______ died! ~~ " ~
Barrett. Elizabeth Kelly, Fannie
Bertram, Henry Landers, James H.
Carlisle, Eleanor M. Lankenau. John
Donnelly. Chester F. Larsen. Hannah
Fleming, Jeanette K. Levell. Anthony
Fleming, John K. McCaffrey, Thomas
Freeman, Laura E. » Maggio, Giovanni
Gamba, Frances Montague, Nellie
Geary. Mary S. Muller, Jean
Geraghty, John J. O'Connell, Michael
Gibbons, Catharine O'Connor. Mary A.
Gillman, Harriet Outcalt, William D.
<; lair. Mary A. Pearce, Henry M.
Gyle, Hanchen Raines, , William H.
Hogan, Dennis Rogers, Charles A. '
Howe, Catharine Schenkel, Peter
Hyde. Marietta B. Smith. Mrs. Ann
Jacobsen. Freda A. Trembath, Richard
Johnston, Robert F. Wahll. Febes .
Kehoe, Bryan Young, Philip
BARRETT— In this city, December 27. IS9S,
Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of Edward
Barrett, and mother of Mrs. Louisa Duffy, a
native of the parish of Mallow, County Cork,
Ireland, aged X, yenrs.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are rpspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residpnee, Gfr'i Minna street. between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mei.cing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
BERTRAM— In this city, December 27, 1898.
Henry Bertram, late of Klamathon, Sisklyou
County, Cal., a native of Ohio, aged 40 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iuneral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvciy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for service*. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CARLISLE— In this city, December 25, 1898,
Eleanor M. Carlisle, a native of Pennsylva-
nia. .
CTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence. 1906
Devlsadero street. Interment private.. Please
omit flowers.
DONNELLY— South San Francisco, Decem-
ber -28, 1898, Chester Francis, dearly beloved
son of Frank It. and Henrietta Donnelly, and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. F. Slemer, a na-
• tive of San Francisco, aged 1 month and 9
days.
(CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1437 Seventh avenue south,
, South San Francisco. Interment private,
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FLEMING— In Oakland, Cal., at the Convent.
of Our Lady of the Sacred -Reart, December
28, IS9S, Jeanette K. (In religion Sister Mary
Liliosa), daughter of Catherine cna the late
David Fleming, and sister of Martin
.W. Fleming of San Francisco, ' a na-
tive of Spencer, Mass., aged 28 years.
FLEMING— this city, December 28, ISM.
John Knox, beloved son of W. J. and Bara
E. Fleming, and brother of Winnie. Mabel,
Alice, Louise, Genevleve and \ Elsie Fleming,
a native of Portland. Or., • aged 14 years 10
months and 7 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co., .2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. ''_.,'
FREEMAN— In this city, December 18,, 1898..
Laura E. Freeman, daughter of Mrs. C. Cor-
I nelius, a native of Oregon.
GAMBA— In this city. December 27. 1898, Fran-
ces Gamba, a native of Ireland, aiced 58
years. •■'• •••' .. - *" :■ ' ;". ■. '.':". "
Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 608 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mas* will
be celebrated for the repose of .her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crop»
Cemetery. \ * \ i ' .•' . •:.■■•'• f ~ ■
GEARY— In this city, December 27, 1888, at her
residence, 306 Guerrero street, Mary S. , dearly
beloved wife of Jeremiah Geary, aged 65
years. "
Interment private. ■
GERAGHTY— In this -;ity, December 28. 1898,
John J., beloved son of -Catherine Oeraghty'
and brother of Mary, Michael, Katie and
William Gerashty, a native of Huddersfieid
England, aged 33 years and 9 days. (Hud-
dersfleld, England, papers please copy.)
■ - Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
: dence, 810 .Lanjton street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hts soul :
'■ at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ■
GIBBONS —In Oakland, December 23. 1898,
Catharine, beloved wife of Patrick Gibbons,
and sister of John Cloonan and Mary Shee-
han, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 58 years. • * ; • - ■
tXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 31, at 8:S0 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1473 Seventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, 1 where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland..
GILLMAN— In this city, December 27, 1838.
Harriet, beloved wife of Thomas Gillman.
and daughter of Harriet Scales of Newark.
N. J., a native of Rahway, N. J.. aged 43 ,
years and 9 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from tne parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street./ corner of Geary.
GOODAIR— Bulsun, December JR. IS9B. Mrs.
Mary A. OoOdalr, a native of Rock Island.
111., aged 56 years 3 months and 2S clays.
GYLE— In this city, December 27. ISOS. Han-
chen. beloved wife of Louis A. Gyle, and
mother of Eva. Julia, Dora, Hortense, Beat-
rice, Joseph. Abraham, Sylvan and Norah
Gyle, a native of Kempen, Germany, aged 49 ■
years. . . ;
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
resi-lence. 1631 Post street. Interment Salem
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
HOGAN— ln 'the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 28. 1898, Dennis Hogan, a native of -
Ireland, aged GS years.
HOWE— In this city, December 27, IS9B, Cath-
arine, beloved wife of William Howe, and
mother of William and Adolph Howe, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years. ■••■••
HYDE— In this city, December 28. 189 S. Marietta
Butler, widow of the late W. B. Hyde, and
mother of Helen, Mabel and Harriet Hyde, a
native of New York, aged 60 years.
(t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Friday),' at 2 o'clock, from St. Paul's Eplfc- (
copal Church, corner Fourteenth and Harrl- •
son streets, Oakland. Interment private..
Please omit flowers.
JACOBSEN— In this city, December 28. UK, j
Freda A. J., beloved daughter of Peter' and
Alberta Jacobsen. and sister of Christian.
William and Peter Jacobsen Jr., Mrs. John
Petersen, Mrs. Captain Charles yon Tagen.
Mrs. James Terkelson and Mrs. Hugo yon
Wildenradt. a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years 1 month and 19 days.
C7"The funeral will take place Saturday,
December 31, at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2122 Mason street, between .
Lombard and Chestnut. " Interment private.
In I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city. December 28. 1898,
Robert F., beloved son of James and the late
Martha Johnston, and brother of John, Ed-
" ward. Hugh and James Johnston, a native of - t
San Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 23
days. ' . ;. —. - "
(ErFrlends'and acquaintances are respect-" ;
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. C. Beatty, 218 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■ • ■'■'■
KEHOE— In this city, December 28, IS9B. Bryan,
dearly beloved husl>and of Maria E. Kehoe.
and devoted father of Annie E: and Katie A. .
Kehoe, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years &
months and 28 days.
KELLC— In this city, December 26. 1898, Fan-
• nic, beloved wife of the late John Kelly, sis- ■'
ter of Mrs. H. Sweeney, and aunt of Maggie "
Harris, a native of Buflers- Gift, parish of
Drlmolegue, County Cork, Ireland, aged 43 .
years. • . ■
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect- "
fully invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock; from her late
residence, 313 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass '
will be celebrated for th»» repose of her soul '
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
LANDERS— Napa. December 20, 18!>R. James
H.. beloved son of James O. anil Jaseklne, .
Landers, and brother of John O. "and Charles
F. Landers, Mrs. Anna Donley and Mrs. A.
An i. iron, a native of Vallejo, aged 41 years
an.l -i months. - ;
LANKENAU— In South San Francisco, at Bay'
View, December 28. 1898, John, beloved son of
the late Henry and Margaret Lankenau. and
beloved brother of Mrs. George Schenck and
Henry. Dick. Charles, George. Millie and
Henrietta Lankenau, a native of San Fran-/
Cisco, aged 28 years. ' . ... . .
• Friends and acquaintance? are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
Gantner Ac Gum;. Undertaking Company, 8 .
and 10 City Hall square. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. ' •• ' ■
LARSEN— iu this city; December 2S, IS9B, Han-
nah, beloved daughter of Michael and the late
Mary Larsen', and sister of. Lawrence. Lizzie,
Caroline and Louie Lanen, a native of Den-
mark, aged 15 years and 2 months. \ ... ,
LEVELL— In this city, December 27, 1898. An-
thony, beloved son of John and Annie I/evell. '
and brother of Mary, Barbara. John, Maggie
and Thomas Levell, a native -of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 months and 9 days.
McCAFFREY—In this city, December 28. IS9S,
Thomas Joseph, beloved husband of Helena
McCaffrey, and father of Mrs. George Jones
•and Thomas J. McCaffrey, a native of Ire-
land, aged 59 years and 3 months.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic.
Temple, • corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Excuislor Lodge*
No, 166, F. and A. M.
MAGGIO— In this city, December 26. 1898, Gio-
vanni Maggio, beloved brother of FortunatO,
Rachel, Mary and Luigia Maggie, and
brother-in-law of Elena Maggio, a native oC
Camogii. * Italy, aged 59 years and 1 month. -
Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1007 Battery street, thence to Gari-
baldi Hall. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MONTAGUE— In this city, December 27. IS9B.
Nellie, beloved daughter of Mrs. T. Monta-
gue, and sister of Ida Montague,, a native of
Colorado, aged 21 years.
ETRemains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher. Company, 20 Filth st. r
MULLER— In this city. December 28, 1898, Jean
Muller, a native of Neutstadt. ■ Hardt, Rhein-
pfalz, Germany, aged 43 years. ' '..' .
O'CONNELL— In this city, December 28, 1898,
Michael O'Connell, a native of Ireland, aged
41 years. 7 .«;■-'
O'CONNOR— In this city, December ' 27, 1898.
Mary A., beloved wife of Roger O'Connor,
mother of Rogle, Daniel and Charley Con*
nor, and sister of Maggie, Kate and I Mrs. '
Patrick Lydon, a native of Weston, j "West
Virginia, aged 33 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 445% Tehama street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem.
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. • Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery, i
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of ouf
late sister, Mrs. Mary O'Connor, to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 445% Tehama street.
MARY LEAHY, President..
ANNA DALY. Secretary. .
OUTCALT— In this city, December 27. 1898, Wil-
liam D., beloved husband of Annie M. Out-
calt, and son of H. C. and S. Outcalt, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 40 years:
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of James Hagan, 445 Valencia
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PEARCE— In this city, December 26, 1898,-
Henry M.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Pearce.' and father of Mrs. Joseph Mells, .Mrs.,-
S. A. D. Jones and Nellie G. Pearce, a na-
tive of England, aged 63 years 10 months and
9 daye.
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 11.
o'clock, from his late residence, 1625 Oak
street. Interment private.
RAINES— In Los Angeles, December 25, 1898,
William H., beloved husband of Mrs. Nancy
G. Raines, and father of Olive, Morgan and
Hubert Raines.
ROGERS— In this city. December 28, IR9S,
Charles A., btfovcd husband of Grace A.
Seaman, son of the latp John D. and Harriet
J. RoeTR r >f OoIBM Cal . and s-.n-tr. - ; •• >■• <>f
Mrs. Oeurge B. Seaman, a native or Califor-
nia, aged 25 years and 6 months.
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tsnd the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 3 o'clock, at the funeral parlors of
H. C. Bunker 4 Co.. 2686 Mission street. Mis-
sion Masonic Temple.
SCHENKEL— In this city. December 2*5. 1898,
Peter, dearly .bfloved husband of Elizabeth
Schenkel. stepfather of Edward F. and Henry
A. Janslng. and brother of Julius Schenkel
and <"harles Schenkel and Mrs. Philip Hahn
of Philadelphia, a native of Baden, Germany,
age<l 58 years 10 months and 4 da vs. A mem-
ber of St. Peter and St. Paulus Society.
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:13 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 623 Baker street, between Fulton and
McAllister, thence to St. Boniface's Churr-h,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
a Bo'.f-mn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the re;iosf of his soul, comm»i<-
lng at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, December 27, 1898. Mrs.
Ann. widow of the late John Smith, and
mother of William S.. Ro!>ert M. and Samiy?l
J. Smith, Mrs. William Lincen and Mrs.
David Linden, a native of Edinburg, Scot-
land, agod 76 years and 5 months.
TTT'The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of "her daughter, Mrs. David Linden,
2031 Fifteenth avenue, South San Francisco.
Interment private.
TREMBATH— In this city. December 28, 189 S.
Richard, beloved husband of Mary Trembath.
and father of John, Richard and Phyllis
Trembath, a native of Cornwall, England,
aged 65 years and 10 months.
WAHLI— In this city. December 2S. 1898, Feb"*
Wahli. beloved sister of Arthur D. Cox of
Fan Ffanctoco, John E. Cox of London, Eng-
land, and Mrs. Fred Bowles of Los Angeles.
Cal.. a native of London, England, aged 45
yi-irs and 9 months.
TOl'NG— ln the City and County Hospital, De-
comber 28. IS9S. Philip Young, a native of
i'nnada, aged 54 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
■ (Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), ,-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AKD EM3AIi:'^K»V
. 10 Firth at., opooslt* Lioix>la ixtitooi.
Telcpacae South 80- * •,
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stock Taking
We've finished stock tak-
ing and for the remainder of
this week will cut the price
of regular stock in men's suits
You'll benefit and we'll have
room for new goods soon to
arrive. We never offered bet-
ter values
Some of the suits are:
Black clay cutaways $17 $15 $12.50
Black clay sacks 16 15 12.50
Blue and j Cutaways (
black >■ single breasted sacks -; t a
cheviots ) double " " (* 14
Also mixtures in cheviots at $12 and $14
ROOS BROS.
Kearny and Post
THEY SWINDLED
A BANK WITH A
BOGUS ORDER
Two Crooks Get $840
on a Telegram.
B. H. BARCLAY IS ARRESTED
HIS ACCOMPLICE. ONE MICKLER,
IS STILL AT LARGE.
Mickler Was a Telegraph Operator
and Stole the Blank on Which
the False Message Was
Written.
B. H. Barclay, otherwise known as
Harry 1.. Cator. is Idcked up in the tanks
at the City Prison, charged with swind
ling the Bank of Palo Alto out of $S4O by
means of a forged telegram. His accom
plicp. a Postal T'-lcpraph operator named
Miokler. is stil! at large, but the police
hopp to land him behind the bare within
forty-fight hours. Practically all the
money was recovered. The pair worked
the scheme cleverly and but for the reck
lessness of Barclay, or Cator, they might
have escaped detection for some time at
least.
On Tuesday morning of December 27 a
letter inclosed in a Palace Hotel envelope
was addressed to Harry L. Gator, at the
bank of Palo Alto. Soon after Barclay
appeared and claimed the epistle, at the
tame time inquiring if a telegram had
been received notifying the bank to pay
him a sum of money. He was Informed
that no such message had arrived. Later
in the day the following telegTnrh written
on a Postal receiving blank was received
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
AWFUL SKIN_DISEASE
Suffered Untold Agony Two Years.
Itohing and Burning Terrible.
Had to Give up Work Entirely.
Instant Relief in First Application
OF CUTICURA REMEDIES.
At Work, Fully Cured in 2 Months. .
I was afflicted with a terrible malignant break- ■
la; out all over the upper part of- njy body. I
was treated by some of the very best physician*,
who pronounced it contagious, blood poison,
through whom I spent hundreds .of dollars-trying :
to get relief, but it seemed to get worse. All the
time I was suffering untold agony ;-*ad finally
bad to give up work entirely. . 1 grasped at every,
thing I saw advertised, and listened to every Bug- .
gestion from friends, but nothing seemed to reach
my case. The burning, itching fix I vras in seemed
to be aggravated by every effort to relieve myself ;
but, thank God, relief came to me at last.- Ocm-
cura Remedies were suggested t.o me, and 1
immediately procured the Cuticdra (ointment).
Ccticuka Soap, and Cuticcra Resolvent;
From the first, I experienced a soothing. relief,
notwithstanding my intense pain. The -warm -
bath, with Cuticura Bo*F, the anointing with
Ccticuba, and the dose of Cuticura Resold
tent, seemed to start the good work from the
first. I improved right along, and in If .than
two months J urns able to be up and at work,
and continued to Improve dally till at last I wan
entirety cured, sound and well, not .sign' on in/
body anywhere indicating that anything had ever
been the matter with me. It is now over two
years since I have been entirely cured, apd not a
sign or a symptom ha« ever returned. . I will
gladly answer any and all letters with reference
to my case. M. B. BABTIKN, . ■",
1&6 W. Hunter St., Atlanta; Oft. .
Witness : J. a. Ahbrh. -. ' : .. "
GXOKGIA, Fulton COTTKTT. ■ " • •
In person appeared before me. Edgar H. Orr,
a Justice of the Peace In and for. IfIWS District,
«i M., State and County .aforesaid. J. 6.. Ahem,
who being duly sworn, deposeth ami saith that
the statements made In the above testimonial ar*
true. J. Q. AHERN.
Sworn to *nd subscribed before me this. Oct.
28tb. 1697. EdsiuH. Orb. J. P __
Sold throughout th« world. PoTTEiDaro and Cam.
' Coir., Trap*-. How to Curs W«nt£c^sdu,a(ft
by the bank, signed by the Farmers' and
Merchants" Bank of. I>3S Angeles:.
"Please pay Harry L. Cator $84(K W«
waive identification." Will remit to-day,"
Barclay received the money, for which
he gave a receipt, to which he signeti ttm
name of Cator. Barclay hurried, from th-e
bank to the nearest livery stable and
hired the best rig in the establishment
with a driver. He was driven to San
Mateo. where he dismissed the rig and
took the. train for San Francisco..
Cashier Parkinson had received a tele
pram from the Los Angeles bank . two.
days before Instructing him to pay a
well-known citizen of Palo Alto $500, and
the Cator telegram, written on the same
line^, appeared all straight. But the.
driver or the rig had his. suspicions
aroused by the actions of Barclay. The
latter insisted on stopping at every road
house oh the trip and otherwise conducted
himself in a queer manner, ■so that as
soon as he arrived home the driver hunt
ed up Mr. Parkinson and told him the
man was a crook. The cashier at once
telegraphed to the Los Angeles bank and
a reply was promptly received stating thar
the Cator telegram was a forgery. .Par
kinson telephoned the facts to- the Central
Police Stanon in this city at 2 o'clock yes
terday morning, and Lieutenant Birdsali
was at once detailed on the case. . The of
ficer found his man two hours later in a
Bush street lodging-house in company
with a dissolute woman and placed him
under arrest. He was taken to the Cen
tral station and $72 and a diamond ring
were found on his person. He admitted
that ho had purchased the ring for $225
the afternoon of the day previous. Yes
terday afternoon the officer, who had
been given the case, recovered $500 which
Barclay had given the landlord of the
lodging-house to- keep, for him.
Barclay was ruojected to a severe
questioning and confessed all. According
to his story Mickler had handled the
genuine telegram in regard to the pay
ment of $500, and evolved the scheme to
swindle the institution. As he bad ac
cess to the receiving blanks of the tele
graph company and was familiar with the
form used by the bank the scheme gave
every promise of success.
Mickler arranged to meet Barclay at
Fourth and Townsend streets in this city
on Wednesday night to divide the spoil?.
He was on hand at the appointed time,
' but Barclay had concluded to keep all the
money and did not show up. MickW,
thinking his companion in crime had been
arrested and the game was up,- skipped
the. town.
Both Barclay and Mickler are young
men, and are said to belong to highly re
spectable families in Oregon.
THE WATER FRONT
FREE PUBLIC MARKET
PRODUCERS MEET THE SEN
ATE COMMITTEE.
A New Bill on the Subject Willße
Introduced at the Next Legis
lative Session.
The question of a free market on the
San Francisco' water- front for farm,
garden, vineyard and orchard produce
will be heard again In the Legislature.
At the last session a bill was passed '
authorizing -the -Harbor Commissioners to
Bet apart wharf space for .the receiving
of marketable produce and Its sale there
on. The promoters of this measure,. how
ever, complained- that certain influences
had mutilated trie bill prior to' its passage,
leaving out all provision for a rot of space
■'on the State land • that was absolutely
needed for the "project. ' This they alleged
was brought, about by the Pacific Coast
Steamship. Company, which Is occupying
the space desired by. the free market
people. . ' • .". . •
•They are now working on a new bill,
and yesterday. Edward. F. Adams ' and J.
F. .Moore of: the- producers' committee
met .Senator: Dickinson- and B.oyce of
the 'Senate investigating committee in the
Mills building for .a discussion upon fu
ture legislation in the matter. There
were also present' Harbor Commissioners
Harney'and Herold and Engineer Holmes
of the. commission. •
Messrs. Adams .a : nd • Moore went over
the ground fri the advocacy of the mar
ket-. The Senate committee did not mani
■ fest any expression regarding the infor
mation given .and' the meeting closed.
The' questions asked by the Senate com
mittee demonstrated the fact that the
idea. was. running through the Senatorial
composite brain that some merchants or
middle men would get free- offices or
stores at the State's expense, and that
the plan was not practical enough to
bring a lasting-, benefit to the producers.
-^ — .—. — ;; — ■ ♦ »
Simon's Will Contested.
Genevleve Simon, a daughter of the late
Willam J. Simon, has filed a contest to
the will which was executed by her father
a short time -before h-is demise. She
alleges two things— First, .that her father
never . slgm-d the will which has been
offered for probate, and second, that at
the time of its execution he was totally
incompetent.
. ♦ .
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKt Is
recommended by phynlciajis for family and
medicinal use becaune It is pure.
Sudden Death of a Morphine Victim.
Ellen Paddock, a divorced .woman, 25
years oia, was. found dead in bed yester
day morning in the lodging house at 641
Washington street. She had been a con
firmed morphine user and .weighed only
fifty pounds. The body was taken to the
Morgue. . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1898.
SHAKE-UP IN
THE POLICE
Chief Lees Stirred to
Action.
RESULT OF CALL'S EXPOSE
QFFICEB& IN GAMBLING DIS
TRICT GO TO OTHER BEATS.
They Are Said to Have Given Warn
ing to Friendly Saloon-Keep
ers Instead of Arrest
ing Them.
Chief Lees has at last been compelled
to admit .that -I'he Call was telling the
truth when it published the list of faro,
crap and roulette games which were being
operated in the Palace. Hotel and else
where . throughout the city, under the
very nb.ses of the police, and apparently
with the sanction or connivance of men
high in authority in the Police Depart
ment^ :
As a direct result of The Call's expose
a ghake-up in the- police of the Southern
station has taken place. Officer Driscoll
has been transferred from the corner of
Third and Market streets to lower Third
street, between Folsom and the railroad
tracks. Officer Harrison has been.trans
ferred from Third to Folsom, Officer
Netting taking his place. Officer Fraher
has been • taken from, the beat on upper
Market street and sent to lower Third,
while Officer Riley goes from the latter
beat 'to. the Market-street beat. Officer
Phelan is also' transferred, from Folsom
stn-et to Market street. Fraher's trans
fer, is directly due to the Palace Hotel
scandal. The other changes are : also
caused by the alleged failure of the otfl
cera along Market street to report the
existence of gambling games on their
beats, and their further failure to execute
the orders of the- Chief. '
Several days- ago the Chief, issued or
ders for the arrest of a nunroer of saloon
keepers who were operating- nlckel-in-the
slot machines; paying money to winners.
Instead oY.. arresting the saloon men the
officers noil tied them to get rid of the ma
chines. Then the Chief concluded that
the officers .were rather too well ac
quainted with the lawbreakers and issued
ord-ers for their transfer. At police head
quarters it Is officially denied that the
changes are due to the gambling scandal,
but among the men themselves ii is- no
secret tha.t the Chief has been very much
perturbed by The Call's ■ criticism, and
that his .sudden activity is attributable
to no other cause.
The first intimation that the Chief was
beginning to come, out of the trance into
which. h<? had fallen was when he made
his great, raid on the saloons where the
nefarious slot machines were, being oper
ated to rob the- public of its nickels last
Saturday night. At lTrst it Was .feared
that this was but a spasmodic attempt on
the part of the head of the Police Depart
ment to prove to the citizens of San
Francisco, that he was alive and that he
would, after having gathered in a fair
exhibit of these gambling devices, settle
back in his chair for another long, remin
iscent doze. '
But The Call's story of the big gambling
layout .in the Palace, operated under the
very-nose of the ' Chief himself, with the
mass of evidence offered to prove all that
was alleged, struck deep into the very
soul of the aged sleuth. He tried to deny
the truth, but he soon found that it was
useless, as the gamblers themselves ad
mitted the facts as-published. The subse
quent publication of a list .of other places
where gambling games were allowed to
run unmolested and the criticism of the
Police Department which . was entailed
thereby rankled in the breast of the
Chief- until he determined to act. The re
assignmrnt of officers followed.
If the Chief, will now detail, an officer
whom he ran trust to stand behind his
chair and pinch him whenever he falls
into a. doze, it is barely possible that he
may keep fairly well posted on what is
going oh in police circles and know
whether or not his subordinates are doing
their duty. : Otherwise it is more than
probable that things will soon get back
into the same old ruts and the cruel duty
of applying a galvanic battery to the
venerable official in order to awaken him
will again have to be resorted to.
WATER WAS LOW IN
THE WALKER'S BOILSRS
AN IRON FLUG WAS T7SED IN
STEAD OF A FUSIBLE ONE.
Ship's Officers Suspended for Neglect
of Duty in Not Reporting to
; the Board of Boiler
Inspectors.
Captains John K. Bulger and O. F.
Bolles, United. States Local Inspectors of
Steam Vessels, completed their report
yesterday afternoon in the matter of the
explosion of the steam drum of the T. C.
Walker on November 2? of this year as
..the. steamer was leaving Turner's Land
ing at a quarter' past 4 o'clock in the
morning:
' The report states that all the engineers
agreed . that owing to the distance from
'the engine-room to the flreroom it was
not possible for the single engineer to
give the attention due to the boilers with
out, at the same time, neglecting his duty
in the engi-ne-rroom.
"For reason of this," the report goes
on- to say, "we will issue an order to the
owners of steamers where like conditions
obtain to place licensed engineers on
each." . .
The Inspectors found that the tubes in
the starboard wing boilers showed cvi
' deuces of having Tbeen overheated, and
the metal in the fusible plug was about
melted out, which facts, say the inspec
tors, are conclusive of low water in that
particular boiler.
"It is our opinion," proceeds the re
port, "that the explosion of the steam
drum was owing to the rapid generation
of steam and from water coming in con
tact with the overheated tubes of the
starboard wing boiler, thereby causing a
.great- and instantaneous rise of pressure
in the drum far exceeding its capacity
to withstand. "We are unable to attach
the blume of this explosion to the en
gineer in charge at the time, nor to any
other licensed officer of the steamer. It
is evident to us that in many cases the
licensed officers of steam vessels fail to
report occurrences on board which It is
their duty to make known to the Inspect
ors of Steam Vessels, for fear of dis
missal from employment, and that this
fear likewise causes them to withhold
things known to them concerning tne
steamers upon which they are employed
when testifying in investigations held by
this board."
The board then imposed the following
sentences:
The license of Chief Engineer Charles
Sampson to be suspended for three
I months for using an iron plug instead of
: a fusible plug.
Richard J. Murray, engineer in charge,
I suspended for two months for falling to
report the Iron plug incident to the in
spectors.
William H. Douglass, assistant engineer,
suspended for two months for similar neg
lect of duty.
The inspectors found that the damage
to the steamer was $2500.
James Ross Jumps Overboard.
James Ross, a man. about sixty years
o.f age, jumped from the Folaom street
wharf about- 1 o'clock Tuesday afternoon
and narrowly escaped drowning. Had It
not been for the heroism of John Brodie,
an engineer employed on one of the ves
sels in the vicinity, Robs would have ful
filled his determination to end his life.
Brodie plunged In, encumbered with all
HIS CLUB WAS LITTLE
PROTECTION.
Policeman Pete Gillen Removes a Broken Wire
With Surprising and Unexpected Results.
A GOOD many policfmcn -are im
bued with the idea that their
clubs are non-conductors of
electricity, and when they see
a broken wire on the sidewalk or
roadway they use their club to re
move it out of danger. About two
months ago Policeman McGee made
an attempt of this kind on Golden
Gate avenue, and he was not able
to leave his bed for several days.
He will not now touch a broken
electric wirp with a ten-foot pole.
Early Tuesday morning Policeman
Pete Gillen was patrolling his beat
and at McAllister and I,nrkln streets
he came across a broken telephone
Wire on the sidewalk. He at first
thought of removing it with his
hand, but fortunately changed his
mind and pulled out his club. Just
his working clothes, and succeeded in res
cuing the wouia-be sulcid ■. Ross was
conveyed immediately to ;:n; Harbor Hos
pital 'where, after considerable effort on
the part of the doctors, he was resusci
tated' A number of those who stood on
the wharf are now endeavoring to get the
credit which rightly belongs to Brodie.
PLEADING THE BABY ACT.
W. K. Hearst Exhibits Rare Humor
When Accused of Violating
a Copyright.
William R. Hearst yesterday filed his
r answer in the United States District
Court in the suit of A. L. McDonald vs.
W. R. Hearst to recover $82,729 damages
alleged to have been sustained by the
plaintiff by reason of the Examiner hav
ing pirated his map of the Klondike and
having published it in the edition of the
i Examiner of August 22. 1897. According
]to the Examiner's own statement the
! circulation of the paper on that date was
1 82,729 copies (Including those sent to the
city garbage crematory) and McDonald,
under the law, assessed the damages at
$1 for each copy..
The answer is sworn to by T. T. Wil
liams, and al'tfcr making a general denial
to all the allegations of the complaint
goes on to say: "Defendant denies that
on or about the said or any
Sunday or the said 22d day of
August, 1597, or at any other
time, or at all, there were found or were
j- in fact discovered In the possession of
i the said defendant 82,729 sheets of the
I issue of said newspaper known as the
! Examiner on the day of Sunday, August
| 22, 1897, or of any issue."
The defendant also avers that at no
). time within the said year 1897 was he in
' the State of California and that the map
i mentioned and in fact everything else in
I the paper, including the fakes, were pub
lished wlthofit his Knowledge or consent.
It therefore appears from the answer
that Mr. McDonald committed a grave
error In having failed to procure the
searching of Mr. Hearst's person in New
York for the 82,729 copies of the paper
of the date of August 22. 1897. If Mr.
Hearst had been searched and the papers
discovered on his person there can be no
doubt, under Mr. Williams' humorous in
terpretation of the law. that Mr. McDon
ald would have had the diamond cinch
on the absent editor whose paper In San
Francisco is published without his knowl
edge or consent.
Gustav Walter's Estate.
Two applications for partial distribu
tion of the estate of the late Gustav
Walter were granted by Judge Troutt
yesterday. Mrs. Josephine Walter, widow
of the deceased, was granted $10,000 and
other heirs $4000. on the provision, how
ever, that before the money is distributed
the beneficiaries shall execute bonds for
twice the sum of the money drawn.
Leland Stanford Estate.
In accordance with the petition hereto
fore published, the vast estate of the late
Leland Stanford was ordered distributed
by Judge Coffey yesterday. The account
of Mrs. Stanford, as executrix of the
estate, was ordered settled, concluding
all probate proceedings In the case.
Ladies' tailor-made suits. Fur capea, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter st.. r. 6 and 7.
Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday.
Good Creamery Butter,
Per Square 35 cts.
Cigars by the Box for
New Year's Callers at
Factory Prices.
Levin Bros., Inc.
1348-1354 Market St.
Phone South 292.
as the club touched the wire Gillen
was enveloped in a blue flame, and
something struck his wrist so hard
that he turned a somersault and
remembered nothing more for sev
eral minutes. He got a citizen to
notify the Central police station,
and he was taken to his home in the
patrol wagon. He suffered intensely
from the shock,- but was able
to report for duty yesterday
afternoon. He ascertained yes
terday that the wire was charged
with 50i) volts, and surprise was ex
pressed that he was not killed. If
he had touched the wire with his
hand, as he at first intended, he
would have been instantly killed.
Gillen is very popular among his
brother officers, and he was con
gratulated yesterday on his narrow
i .<< ape.
BLACKMAN HAS
MYSTERIOUSLY
DISAPPEARED
Fails to Answer to His
Name.
BONDS DECLARED FORFEITED
SALOON-KEEPER ROOD HELD TO
ANSWER.
The Disgraced Policeman's. Bonds Are
Supposed to Be Worthless and
the Police Are In
dignant.
Casßlus H. Blackman, the disgraced po
liceman, charged with grand larceny, has
disappeared and yesterday Judge Mogan
declared his bonds forfeited and Issued a
bench warrant for his arrest.
Blackman and Frank H. Rood, a sa
loon keeper at Sixteenth and Valencia
streets, were arrested for stealing $180
from Cornelius Cronln, an old man from
Nevada. At Blackman's request he de
posited $255 with Rood, and a few hours
later when he was taken back to the sa
loon by Blackman Rood gave him only
$75. alleging that was all the money he
gave Into his charge.
The preliminary examination of the de
fendants lasted for several days, and the
evidence for the prosecution was very
damaging to them. The case for the de
fense was to go on at 11 o'clock yester
day, but Blackman failed to respond to
his name. Rood was present with his
attorney, and the Judge was informed
that no evidence for the defense would
be submitted. The Judge thereupon heid
Rood to answer before the Superior Court
in 32000 bonds, which were promptly fur
nished.
Attorney Wilson, on behalf of Black
man, asked for a continuance till 2 o'clock
as he could not understand the non-ap
pearance of his client. The Judge con
sented, but ordered a bench warrant is
sued for Blackman's arrest. Sergeants
Perrin and Griffiths were handed the war
rant and they made diligent search for
him, but failed to find him. Mrs. Black
man told them she had not seen her hus
band since 8 o'clock Tuesday night. Po
lice Corporal Gills saw him on McAllis
ter street, opposite the City Hall, about
11 o'clock yesterday morning, and Bond
Inspector Newman saw him a fow min
utes later in Judge Conlan's court. Noth
ing was seen of him later.
Judge Mogan waited till 3 o'clock, and
as Blackman had not appeared he de
clared his bonds forfeited, but at the re
quest of Attorney Wilson, said that if
Blackman was found meantime he would
recall the forfeiture of the bonds. The
case was continued till this morning.
The Judge said he considered the bonds
worthless. They were accepted by Jus
tice of the Peace Barry while acting for
Judge Conlan on December 15. The sure
ties are Blackman's codefendant, Rood,
who qualified on stock and fixtures in
his saloon and on mining property in
Plumas County, but no State was men
tioned. The other surety is William Ken
nedy. 44 Brady street, who qualified on
lots on Brady street and a lot on Eigh
teenth and Denver streets. Inquiry made
by Captain Seymour elicited the fact that
the Brady-street lots are assessed at $1090
and they were mortgaged to the Hibernla
Bank for an equal amount. There is no
such street as Denver. Nothing was said
in the bond as to the properties being in
cumbered or unincumbered.
Captain Seymour, in speaking of tha
bond, said: "The bond was only filed to
day. Judge Barry having kept It in his
pocket since accepting it. Bond Inspector
Newman had in consequence been unable
to pass upon it. I consider gross care
lessness has been shown in accepting
such a bond, and when the next Grand
Jury meets I shall take the matter before
It. When a bond is accepted by a Judge
for a case in another court it should be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
choice gifts for New Year. • • ■ . •
after Xmas reductions, one=third off calendars, booklets,
cards, quarter off dressed dolls, games and books ;
unusual events for to=day:
I 1 ja ' ftRFAT • -^a.^ 1
I 111 || "^ »-^*V 3 •-«fipi S^ 1
1" mm SnLL B^ !5H
during the Christmas holidays we had hundreds of dozens of ladies' handkerchief* on- display In our w4n
dows, over our counters, in fancy trimmings, etc ; many of them are pinmarked, finger-
s>-r soiled, slightly soiled by dist ; we cannot ask their value, nor even near uryy'f x-»
t. it, but they all go in at one price to-day, over 300 f_'* L >
dozen of them, Swiss, lawn, with '• • »^^^
Each lace and footing edges; Swiss with Venetian- lace" _ A MEach
edge; tucked edge lawn with colored and whi - embroidery.; white
lawn with butter color insertion ; Swiss embroidered and Hoped borders-; embroid-
ered Japanese silk with scalloped borders and ladies' all purs linen hemstitched colored border handkerchief*.
it will be the handkerchief surprise of ths year! ,
«P CJMO
rich suitings. 38 Inches wide, In ten colorings, In two designs; bayadere effects, and small <C Q |f\
rich overshot si !k effect in each pattern ; see the window display "*• * "
mohair suitings in nine fancy colorings, in rwo designs ; broche effects, heavy overshot of mo- (CO \C\
hair In contrasting colors ; see the display In window ......., .%f> *** *.\J
half-price surah silk
t's very close to stocktaking now — good reason for such a reduction and: we have taken ' all of our dolls'
isurahs, all silk, twenty-four patterns in eleven rZf\f coloring's, -and cut them to half a dollar a yard ; no
limit, no crushing, plenty of help and courteous tPVfV/ attention to every inspection.
"the store of the masses." ■
937 to 947 Market St.
filed at once with the Judge of that court
and not carried around in his pockets.
It is about, time a stop was put to the
carelessness shown in accepting bonds in
felony cases."
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE PLAYERS
• Miss Nance O'Neil is making out an
excellent week at the California. She
will play the part of Meg Merrilies- to
night in "Guy Mannering," repeating the
performance to-morrow night. The Sat
urday matinee will be devoted to "ln
gomar." and for the concluding perform
ance on Sundey night Miss O'Neil will
give her remarkable impersonation ■ or
Nancy Sykes in "Oliver Twist."
West's minstrels are doing a standing
room-only business at- the Columbia' and
presenting one of the cleverest shows of
this kind ever seen in San Francisco.
At the Alcazar, too. where L.. R. Stock
well and the regular company are ap
pearing in "A JUldnight Bell," crowded
houses are the order of the week. An
other Hoyt play, "A Temperance Town,"
follows.
In fact, all the theaters are having a
lively holiday week. The Tivoli has a
genuinely festive attraction in "The Yel
low Dwarf," which will soon go into a
second edition.
Even standing room Is hard to find af
ter 8 o'clock these nights at the Orpheum.
Golden, the monologist, .-till hoMs the
crowd, and the rest of the bill is valuable
and versatile.
The news that old Morosco's is to be a
thing of the past after this week has
served to pack that temple of melodrama
nightly. A hugely sensational melo
drama, "The White Squadron," is the
play In which the old favorites are say
ing* adieu. The company will go on the
road next week and Hi Henry's min
strels will take the Morosco stage for a
couple of weeks. Then the house closes
for repairs and alterations against the
coming of Melba and the opera.
The programme of the fourth sym
phony concert, which takes place at the
Orpheum this afternoon, has been
changed at the request of a humber of
subscribers who wish to hear some pop
ular numbers by "Wagner. The pro
gramme comprises the "Magic Fire"
scene from "Die Walkure." "Waldwe
ben" from "Siegfried," "Dre%ms" and
"Albumblatt." Mendelssohn's "Scotch"
symphony forms the first part of the pro
gramme.
The advance sale of seats promises a
brilliant season for Rosenthal. the great
pianist, who plays in the Metropolitan
Temple next Tuesday and Thursday even
ings and Saturday afternoon of the same
week.
"The Romance of Coon Hollow" is the
name of a sensationally scened melo
drama which is receiving enthusiastic
production at the Comedy Theater.
In the Divorce Courts.
Sophie F^odberg has been granted a
divorce from Andrew Flodherg on the
ground of desertion. Harry P. WalHs has
sued Helen Wallls for a divorce, alleging
Infidelity as a cause of action.
THE
■Me y^ ifrJw Ik vRb p. w*
BOX
plays all kinds of music
from comic songs to grand opera select-
ions rendering each with its true char-
acteristics.
First music box made in America.
Write for catalogue.
Prices $7 to $300
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Keamy and Sutter Sts. San Francisco
3-Day Specials !
You will find us satis-
factory in . every way, '
whether 'it is. an. article
of. .every-day .use you
buy or some dainty mor-
sel for a special occasion...
ORANGES, d0z....,., :...... .20c
Another shipment of
those fancy Placervilla
Navels just arrived. ' "■• .
HAMS, 1b. .....:../........ 1ie
Finest Eastern
supar-eured. '
Regular price, i2Ho.
BRANDY, b0tt1e............. 75c
• ' gallon $3.00
A choice 9-year- .
old California Brandy.
Regular price, $1 and $4.
ASPARAGUS TIPS, tin.. ......10c
Make delicious salads.
Regular price, 15c.
CHAMPAGNE (Gold Seal), pints. .50c
quarts 90c
A high-grade California .
Champagne, matured by ■ ;'■-,
natural fermentation.
Regular price, '75c and $1 25.
FINNAN HADDIES, Ib ...Be
Choice new Haddies
Just arrived. ■
WINES, LIQUORS AND CIGARS. :
All the well-known, brands of imported
Champagnes, Clarets and Sauternes. Arao
and Swedish Punches. Jamaica an! St.
("mix Rum, Scotch, Irish, Bourbon and
Rye Whiskies, Brandies, Port, ' cherry,
Malaga and Madeira Wines, Cordials, etc.
HAVANA AND KEY WEST CIGARS.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMQRE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone H&ia 5522. . I Telephone West 162.
I ' CASH- OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. ' g
\ ■■•''. '"'•■ §
FORGET ANYBODY? \
If so,, you have time to think over It i
now— possibly to every one's satisfac-
tion. Let your present . be something '
lasting, something useful as well a« !
ornamental. A' pretty piece of furr.i- ;
ture will always be appreciated. Come
and choose all you want and pay for It
in small Installments. Your credit U
good here.
THE J r NOON AN
i FURNITURE CO.. Inc.
1017. to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth. j
Phone South 14. Open' Evening's. ■