VOLUME LXXXIV.-XO. 183.
NINETY-NINE LIVES GO OUT WITH
THE WRECKING OF THE PORTLAND
IGHLAND LIGHT, Mass., Nov. 28.— (Delayed in trans
— mission.) — The steamer Portland of the Boston and Port
land line, has been lost on Cape Cod, with all on board.
The life saving men, through a blinding storm, yesterday
morning at 6 o'clock, heard the distress whistle of a steamer and
last night at midnight the body of a man was found on shore. On
the body of the man was a life belt marked "Steamer Portland of
Portland." A gold watch in his pocket had stopped at 10 o'clock.
This man was well dressed, wore black clothes and tan shoes, had
light hair and mustache and a piece of card in his pocket bore the
words "J onn W., Congress street, Portland."
The body of a large woman, without covering of any kind,
was washed ashore at Pamet River, but there was no means of iden
tifying it.
It is believed that the steamer Portland was disabled by the
storm at 10 o'clock last night, being unable longer to hold up
against the gale, and drifted onto Peaked Hill bars and went to
pieces. No part of the ship had drifted ashore and it is not
known just where she struck. Boxes of tobacco, clothing, cheese,
oil, etc. have been washed ashore, also life preservers marked
with the words "Steamer Portland."
BOSTON, Nov. 29. — Dr. Maurice Richardson of Beacon
street, this city, was at his summer home at Wellfleet during the
storm arid corroborated the early accounts of the loss of the Port
land, for he saw two of the bodies washed ashore and on them
were life preservers marked with the vessel's name. Dr. Richard
son was on the first train from Cape Cod, which arrived in this
city late to-night.
"I saw two of the bodies picked up," said Dr. Richardson.
"One was probably that of a deckhand, a man of about 20. He
had on a life preserver marked 'Portland.' The other body was
that of a stout woman. She. too, wore a life belt with the steam
er's name on it. Wreckage is coming ashore for fifteen miles
along the coast. Among the wreckage were cases of lard directed
to Portland."
In addition to the two bodies, Dr. Richardson brought news
that at Orleans the body of a girl of about 20 was found. She
had a gold watch and a ring marked "J- G - E -" Her watch sap
ped at 9:17. There are three bodies at Nauset, eight at Orleans
and twenty-eight at Truro and Wellfleet. The double wheel of the
Portland came ashore at Orleans.
The Portland was built in 1890 in Bath, Me., and was a side
wheel steamer of 13 17 net tons burden. Her length is 230 feet,
beam 4^ and depth 15 feet. She mrtm valued at $250,000, an ■) is
fully insured.
TWELVE BODIES WASHED
ASHORE AT CAPE COD
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The French
cable company has received a dispatch
from its office at Cape Cod. Mass., say
ing that twelve bodies from the steamer
Portland have been washed ashore at
that station.
PROVINCETOWN, Mass., Nov. 29.—
Two bodies that came ashore at High
land Light, and are supposed to be
from the Portland have been brought
here. One is that of a well dressed man.
The other body is that of a woman
with only shoea and stockings on.
WORCESTER, Mass.. Nov. 29.—Wil
liam L. Chase, who with his son Philip
was a passenger on the Portland, was
chief in the draughtsman department
in the Crompton-Knowles Loom Works,
and secretary of the Alumni Association
of Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
TWENTY-SEVEN WRECKS
NEAR PROVINCETOWN
PROVINCETOWN, Mass., Nov. 29.—
Twenty-seven vessels were driven
ashore and totally wrecked in this
neighborhood. From the majority of
these the crews were saved, although
several lives were lost. Four or five
of the wrecks were coasters, and the
rest were fishermen. During th storm
shipping was destroyed and the beach
was strewn with wreckage, streets
were flooded and wharves drifted out
to sea. Four ice houses and a lobster
hatchery situated at Beach Point were
destroyed.
The list of casualties includes the
schooners Daniel Boone, Mary Cabral,
Isaac Collins, the steamer A. B. Nicker
son of Provincetown; the schooners
f'lara Sayward of Gloucester, Sylvester
Whalen of Boston, F. P. Foster and F.
H. Smith of Provincetown, and the
fishing schooner Unique of Boston.
Fragments of the schooner R. Walker
of Gloucester and the coaster Addie E.
Snow of Rockland, Me., drifted ashore
at Race Point this afternoon. Flour,
pork, lard and whisky barrels have
been drifting ashore along the beach
between Race Point and Highland
Light life-saving station to-day.
Several bodies have drifted ashore
near Highland Light, and part of a
boat marked "Steamer Portland."
The Wood Island life savers made
several gallant c-fforts yesterday to
reach the schooner Jordan L. Mott,
bound from New York to Rockland
with coal, and finally succeeded. The
Mott put in here on the 2Cth for a har
bor, and sank early the same night.
The captain and crew of five men
took to the rigging. A terrible sea
and gale prevailed at the time. The
captain, Charles F. Dyer, lashed his
father, C. G. Dyer, who acted as stew
ard, to the mast. For eighteen hours
they were exposed thus before assist
ance arrived. When the Wood Island
crew made its successful launcti and
came within hailing distance of the
Mott Captain Dyer said: .
"I can hold on. Save my crew. My
father is frozen to death at the mast.
Do not wait to cut his body down, for
the men are freezing."
The three-masted schooner Lester A;
Lewis, Captain Kimball, from Eliza
bethport, N. J., for Bangor with a car
go of phosphate and guano, came in
shortly after the Mott and Captain
Dyer thinks both capsized and sank at
about the same ti ne. The captain and
crew of the Lewis perished.
The Peaked Hill life-saving station
reports the schooner Albert L. Butler,
Captain Leland. from Black River, Ja
maica, for Boston, went ashore one
mile east of the life-saving station at
10 o clock in the forenoon. The captain
The San Francisco Call
and four men were saved. Mate Rath
burne. Sailor Offlander and a colored
passenger named Wetherburn were
drowned. The Butler is a total loss.
THREE LIVES LOST IN
THE SAWYER WRECK
VINEYARD HAVEN, Mass., Nov. 29.
Three lives were lost in the wreck of
the schooner Sawyer, which was
wrecked on the north side of the island.
The dead are:
Captain Norwood.
Cook Anzever.
Seaman Lander Ashley.
Mate Dudley and Seaman Tapley
were saved.
The Sawyer, which was bound from
Calais, Me., for New York, with lum
ber, anchored off Falmouth, Mass., for
shelter Saturday evening, but the gale
increased with such fury that the ves
sel broke adrift and was driven across
Vineyard Sound and cast ashore. When
the vessel struck Captain Norwood was
washed overboard and his body was
thrown upon the beach shortly after
ward by the heavy seas. The bodies
of the cook and the seaman were re
covered.
The British schooners, Tay and
Rondo, lost all their masts and are full
of water. These schooners were seri
ously damaged. Flora Condon, Hattie
Howes, Henrietta Simmons, Morenci,
Leonard Walters, Lugano, A.
Pierce.
The schooner William Todd was
fouled and sunk by an unknown barge.
The Carrita was wrecked on the east
side of the harbor. The Lunett, from
Perth Amboy with coal, went on the
rocks at Tarpaulin Cove. The Cathie
C. Berry is ashore at Edgerton. The
cargo of lime of the stranded E. C.
Willard took fire to-night and the ves
sel was totally destroyed. The Succon
set Lightship has been damaged and
moved from its former position.
- ■ «
GATE CITY MAY
HAVE GONE DOWN
BOSTON, Nov. 29.— The arrival in
this city from Cape Cod to-night of a
party of hunters has added to the ex
citement attendant upon the report that
the steamer Portland had been wrecked
on Cape Cod, through their reporting
that it is the belief of the life savers
on the other side of the cape, south
of Nauset Light, that a Savannah line
steamer had struck on Peaked Hill
bars. Each member of the party saw
bodies washed arhore at Nauset, and
the life saverß claimed to have seen a
board in the surf bearing the name
"Gate City." The surf is full of articles
from a vessel's general cargo.
One of the hunters, in an interview
to-riight, says that there is a possibility
that the Gate City was only swept by
the seas and some of her deck fittings
were washed away. The Gate City
sailed from this port for the south on
Saturday.
BOSTON, Nov. 30.— Advices from
Highland Light on the extremity of
Cape Cod, received at 2 a. m this
(Wednesday) morning, do not indicate
that the Gate City was wrecked off
there Saturday night.
BLOCK ISLAND IS
A TOTAL WRECK
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— A special to
the Evening World from Providence,
R. 1., says: "Block Island has been
heard from for the first time since the
blizzard began. The island is a wreck,
hotels being shattered and vessels torn
to pieces by the storm. The entire fish
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
Steamship Dashed to Pieces
on the Rocky Shore of
Cape Cod.
Birdseye View of the Massachusetts Coast From Martha's Vineyard to Cape
Ann, Showing the Scenes of the Numerous Wrecks Which Have Just
Occurred There.
ing fleet of twenty-four vessels is a
total loss. The three-masted schooner
Lexington of Machias, Me., is lost.
The Hartford Dredging Company's
plant is gone."
The steamer Martello, from Hull, re
ports that at 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon a wreck was sighted in latitude
NEW ENGLAND'S COAST
STREWN WITH CORPSES
AND WRECKED VESSELS
BOSTON, Nov. 29.— The passing hours do not bring an end to the reports of wrecks and loss of life up
and down the New England coast, as the outcome of Sunday's terrific storm. From Cape Cod the most terrible
accounts of ruin and death are coming, and of these the loss of the steamer Portland, with all on board, near
ly 100 souls, overshadows all. The graveyard of the coast, the treacherous bars and rips on the outside of
Cape Cod, have claimed victims without number. Miles and miles of coast line is piled high with wreckage,
most of which is ground so fine by the waves that identification of helpless craft is impossible.
As the fury of the Wind was as great on the bleak sandhills which make up the cape, it will be many
hours before all places are heard from. Telegraph wires are down and railroads cannot break out of the
snow drifts. This feature is distressing, as much suffering from cold and hunger must ensue among the
poor people in the nearby hamlets. To-night the only means of reaching Cape Cod is by steamer across
Massachusetts Bay, a disagreeable voyage, as the sea is yet boisterous.
Word from Provincetown tells of nearly thirty total wrecks, with the number of lives lost unknown.
Matters are improving slightly along Vineyard Sound, so far as means of communication is concerned.
The best summing up of the disasters in that section is made by Captain Hard Jr. of the revenue cutter
Dexter, who has cruised along the shore all day. He says that in Vineyard Haven hulls are piled upon the
ghore, and those vessels which are afloat seem mere shells. The Dexter reports possible additions to the wreck
list in two schooners sunk of Menemsha Light and two big ones sunk abreast Presque Isle. The fate of the
crews is unknown. Three wrecking steamers are around the Fairfax, ashore on Sow and Pigs Reef.
It is difficult to estimate the total loss .of life and damage to shipping along this coast. The list of dis
asters seems to grow every hour, and from dispatches thus far received it appears that at least thirty
schooners have been wrecked at different points from Eastport, Me., to New Haven, Conn. Eighty schooners
have been driven ashore, and sixteen barges, loaded or empty, are aground.
This list does not include the thirty vessels either wholly or partially wrecked in Boston harbor, nor
half a dozen or more craft which are reported missing, including the Wilson Line freighter Ohio, which is
ashore on Spectacle Island. In this harbor the steamer John J. Hill is ashore at Atlantic; the Merchants'
and Miners' transportation steamer Fairfax is ashore on Sow and Pigs Ledge; off Cuttyhunk, north; a small
steamer, George Chaff ee, foundered at Rockport, Mass. When these are added the list exceeds 110 vessels.
The loss of life is hard to determine. It is known that about fifty persons perished in and about Boston
Harbor. Reports from other places in some cases state that the crew of this or that vessel escaped. Many,
however, state that the fate of the crew is unknown. Some survivors have turned up, and life-saving stations
and incoming vessels have brought a few sailors from wrecks. Perhaps a score would cover those of whom
nothing is known, not including those who were on board the Portland.
THE GREAT STORM.
40.06, longitude 71.16. The vessel was
a bark or barkentine. No signals could
be made out from the Martello, which
was about five miles to the north of the
wreck. Soon afterward a steamer was
seen going toward the wrecked craft.
The steamer is thought to have been a
Hogan liner bound for Baltimore.
The steamer Comanche, from Jack
sonville and Charleston, reached port
about ten hours late owing to the
storm. She reports that about a mile
north of Northeast End lightship she
passed a spar standing out of the wa
ter and attached to a sunken vessel.
Off Martins Industry light two float
ing wrecks, apparently bottom up, were
passed.
Reports are coming in of wrecks
about the north and east shores of
Long Island. An unknown three
masted schooner is ashore on Old Fields
Reef with two masts gone. Another
schooner is ashore on the sound beach
near Miller's place. The schooner Ob
server is ashore at Port Jefferson and is
a total wreck. The schooner Olive
Leaf was also wrecked and will prove
a total loss. Darlings wharf was badly
damaged.
The schooner Everett with a cargo of
brick foundered off Shelter Island
Heights, and the crew had a narrow
escape from drowning.
The schooner Reganet was wrecked
off Long Beach light. The crew after
suffering from exposure and want of
food for thirty-six hours was finally
rescued in an exhausted condition. The
men lost all their personal effects.
Three sloops are sunk at Orient.
Crew Picked Up at Sea.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Nov. 29.— The
PASSENGERS AND CREW OF
THE LOST PORTLAND.
BOSTON, Nov. 29. — There were ninety-nine persons on board
tite wrecked Portland, including the officers and crew. Following is
a fkHi of tne passengers &aid to have been ou boaxd when she sailed
from Boston Saturday night:
ORON HOOPER.
H. TRUE HOOPER, .
ISAIAH FRYE,
MISS RUTH FRYE,
MISS MAUD FRYE,
MISS MAUD SIMMS,
MRS. EZEKIEL DENNIS,
MRS. THEODORE ALLEN,
MISS ALLEN,
MISS COLE,
MRS. DANIEL ROUNDS,
MISS SHERWOOD,
MISS ROSS,
MISS EDNA McCRELLIS,
C. F. WILSON,
HON. F. DUDLEY FREE
MAN,
D. 0. GRETCHELL,
MISS SOPHIE HOLMES,
MISS HELENLANGTHORNE,
MISS EMMA L. PLIMPTON,
G. W. COLE,
MISS BURNS,
CHARLES WIGGIN,
M. C. HUTCHINSON,
MISS HUTCHINSON,
M. L. SEWELL of Portland.
FRED STEVENS, Portland,
MR. PIERRE, Portland,
Child of Charles H. Thompson
of Woodford, Me.
OFFICERS AND CREW.
HOLLIS H. BLANCHARD,
Captain,
LEWIS STROUT, First Pilot,
LEWIS NELSON, Second
Pilot,
F. A. INGRAHAM, Purser,
HORACE MOORE, Clerk,
EDWARD DEERING, Mate,
JOHN McKAY, Second Mate,
ANSEL DYER, Quartermaster,
F. PETERSON, Quartermaster,
R. BAKE, Watchman,
T. SEWALL, Watchman,
W. G. WHITTEN, Watchman,
D. WILLIAMS, Watchman,
THOMAS MERRILL, First
Engineer,
JOHN WALTON, Second En
gineer,
C. VERRILL, Third Engineer,
A. V. MATTHEWS, Steward,
EBEN HEUSTON, Second
Steward,
JOHN DALY, Seaman,
GEORGE McGILVARY, Sea
man,
ARTHTJR SLOAN, Seaman,
JAMES DAVIDSON, Seaman,
PETER COLLINS, Seaman,
MORRIS GRAHAM, Seaman,
CORNELIUS O'BRIEN, Sea
man,
schooner Hiram Lowell has arrived
with twenty-three persons, the crew
and passengers of the British schooner
Narcissus, from Boston for Shelburne
and Liverpool, N. S., wrecked off Seal
Island.
FLOODS AND TIDAL
WAVE BRING DEATH
LONDON, Nov.. 29.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
Trieste and the districts roundabout
were flooded on Sunday by a tremen
dous tidal wave, which did much dam
age to property and ships and caused
the loss of many lives. There was a
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
violent earthquake throughout the
southern provinces of Austria. From
various causes no fewer than twenty
eight lives, it is reported, were lost.
FATE OF CAPTAIN
AND CREW IN DOUBT
NEW BEDFORD, Mass.', Nov. 29.—
The schooner Hattie A. Butler, Cap
tain Mullen, bound from Onsej; to New-
York with a cargo of sand was drtven.
ashore on the rocks at Angelica Point.
Buzzards Bay. The fate of the captain
and crew is not known.
FISHERMEN LOST IN
THE GALE OFF PLYMOUTH
PLYMOUTH, Mass., Nov.; 29.^The
Gurnet Life Saving Station picked up
the body of a man this morning.- A
fishing schooner was wrecked off Brant
MRS. GEORGE O. CHICKER
ING of Weymouth, Mass.,
MRS. WHEELER, Mrs. Chick
ering's sister, of South Wey
mouth, Mass.
FRED SHERWOOD of Port
land,
CHARLES H. THOMPSON,
MRS. THOMPSON and child,
Woodford, Me.,
WILLIAM CHASE, Worcester,
MASTER PHILIP CHASE,
Worcester,
MRS. KATE FOY,East Boston,
MARTIN HERSONANDMRS.
HERSON, Chelsea,
MRS. SWIFT, Portland,
HENRY SWIFT, East Boston,
MRS. CORDELIA N. MITCH
ELL, North Boston,
MISS JENNIE HOYT, North
Boston,
J. M. CARROLL, Lowell,
MISS JENNIE EDMONDS,
East Boston,
MISS ANNA ROUNDS, Port
land,
GEORGE B. KENNISON JR.,
Boothbay, Me.,
PERRY JACKSON, wife and
child, South Portland, Me.,
D. BRUCE, Seaman,
MATTB_EW BARRON, Sea
man,
RICHARD HARTLEY, Sea
man,
GEORGE F. REPLY, Seaman,
F. M. LEIGKBTON, Electrician,
J. M. 1/iXLON, Oiler,
J. M. McNEIL, Oiler,
£L MERRIAM Fireman,
T. E. FENNELL, Fireman,
C. H. CARTER, Fireman,
W. J. DOUGHTY, Fireman,
H. ROLLINSON, Fireman,
J. E. MATELY, Fireman,
W. B. ROBICHAW, Baggage
Master,
ARTHTJR JOHNSON, Waiter,
LEE FORMAN, Waiter,
GEORGE GRAHAM, Waiter,
GETTLIN, Waiter,
SAMUEL SMITH, Waiter,
LATLMER, Head Saloon
man,
COMER, Barber,
MRS. CARRIE M. HARRIS,
Stewardess,
MRS. A. BERRY, Stewardess.
The list given above numbers
fifty-one passengers and forty
eight officers and crew.
Rock and eight of the fourteen men on
her were saved. A herring schooner was
also destroyed there, and the life sav
ing crew picked up three bodies.
WANT BOUNTIES ABOLISHED.
LONDON, Nov. 30.— The Daily Mail
this morning 1 makes the following an
nouncement: "We are able to- state that
on the invitation of the Secretary of
State for the Colonies, Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain, some English capitalists
have indicated their readiness to en
deavor to revive the sugar industry in
the West Indies if bounties are abolished.
Sir Thomas Lip+.on is prepared to spend
1,000,000 pounds sterling, and It is probable
that some arrangement will be arrived
at."2
WRIGHT FOR
SPEAKER OF
THE ASSEMBLY
Choice of Southern
California.
CAUCUS AT LOS ANGELES
LEGISLATORS UNANIMOUS IN
HIS SUPPORT.
Colonel Otis' Newspaper Again As
sails Colonel Burns as the
"Gang" Candidate for
the Senate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— Every Re
publican Assemblyman from Southern
California will cast his vote for Assem
blyman H. E. Wright of Alameda
County for Speaker. This decision
was reached this afternoon at a cau
cus of legislators from seven Southern
counties. Every Assemblyman was
present except Meruth of Santa Bar- j
bara. An organisation which will be
permanent was perfected by the elec
tion of W. S. Melick of the Seventieth
District as. chairman, and Assembly
man Crowder of the Eightieth District
as secretary. As to the Spoakership
there was no dissension, and the unani- j
moua decision to support Mr. Wright
was reached at once.
The caucus indorsed L. H. alentine
of the Seventy-fourth District for
chairman of the Assembly Committee
on Ways and Means.
An Informal discussion was indulged
in during the caucus as to the positions
of several members from this section
desired on committees: Mr. Wright, in
discussing the matter, said:
"There are sixty Republican members
of the Assembly, and there are but
thirty-five chairmanships of commit
tees to give out. If I am chosen
Sneaker I shall give preference in
chairmanships to such memhers as I
believe can best perform the duties I
that will be committed to their charge.
This I believe to be the part of wisdom,
and in my judgment the business of the
session will thereby be greatly expe
dited.
"I feel highly complimented by the
action of the Republican members from
Southern California in indorsing me
fnr the Speakerthlp. I shall endeavor.
If I am chosen, to give to the interests
of this section of the State every con
sideration 1 possibly can."
The Times this morning discussed
Colonel Burns" Senatorial aspirations j
editorially as follows:.
If a serious and concerted effort is to I
be made to foist Dan Burns upon the peo- ;
pie of California as th^ir representative !
in the Senate by Huntington's henchmen
or by any other clique or faction, the Re- !
publicans of the State cannot too soon |
rally for the defeat of so unwise and im- ;
politic an object. The antecedents of |
Dan Burns are such that it i.s impossible
to have confidence in h!s integrity of pur
pose. His reputation is that of- a politi
cal boss ami intriguer, and his political
methods arr> always open to distrust. He ;
is a professional politician, a believer in
gang politics and an unscrupulous prac
tloer of gang politics. He is utterly un- j
fit for the high and responsible office of i
Senator of the United States, and his
election to that office would be a great i
misfortune not only to the State of Cali
fornia, but to the country at large.
STEAMER DETROIT
STRIKES A REEF
Passengers on the Alaska Craft Es-
cape to Shelter Island's
Bleak Shore.
JUNEAU, Alaska. Nov. 23 (by steam
ship Cottage City to Victoria, Nov. 29).—
Three men, drenched and bedraggled,
walked into Juneau to-night, bringing the
news of another lost ship. Shipwrecks
continue to pile up in Alaska like drift
wood on a beach. The men were Purser
Bush and two of the crew of the steamer
D<-troit, a local boat running between
Juneau and Lynn Canal ports. The furi
ous windstorm which has been blowing
for nearly a week, in which the steamer
Utopia narrowly escaped becoming a total
•wreck, subsided on Tuesday night, and
wa.s succeeded by a snowfall so thick that
it was impossible to see much more than
a ship's length. The Detroit loft Juneau
for Halnes Mission and Skaguay a week
ago. She usually goes up one day and
comes down the next. Fears have been
felt for her safety ever since she left here,
owing to the violent storm, but she lay
under the lee of an island until the storm
had spent itself and then started again for
Skaguay. She made Skagttay in safety,
only to be wrecked on the return trip
Bcarce thirty miles from her dock.
The Detroit struck at about noon on
Thanksgiving day. The snowfall being
unusually thick. Captain Latham, instead
of being well out in the channel, was close
in to Shelter Island. This island is sur
rounded by roofs. In [ess time than it
takee to write it the ship was tearing and
grinding on a reef hidden by high tide.
The passengers were thrown from their
seats to the floor and panic spread
through the ship. But the Detroit was
hard and fast and did not sink, though
she filled rapidly with water.
The position of the ship alone saved the
passengers from drowning like rats. They
were put ashore in the ship's boats and as
much of the ship's stores as had not been
ruined by water were saved. Tho De
troit left Skaguay with twenty-three pas
sengers. They are now camped in the
timber of Shelter Island, poorly protected
from the weather and short of provisions.
A tent was rigged of a tarpaulin and the
blankets and bedding taken ashore. At
last accounts passengers and crew were
shivering around a fire, eating cold food
and trying to make coffee. Their situa
tion was very critical as well as uncom
fortable. The Detroit lies in a bad posi
tion and it is doubtful whether she can be
saved. She is owned by the Seattle Land
and Wharf Company, is about seventy
feet long and a double decker.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT
GROWERS AT FRESNO
Twenty-Third Convention Called to
Order by President
Cooper.
FRESNO, Nov. 29.— The twenty-third
convention of the Fruit Growers of Cali
fornia, held undor the auspices *of tne
State Board of Horticulture, was called '
to order to-day by sldent Ellwood
Cooper. B. E. Hutchinson' of Fowler and j
Alexander Gordon of Fresno were elected
vice-presidents. The address of welcome
was delivered by Dr. Chester Rowell of
this place. He wa"s followed by President |
Cooper, who delivered the president's an- |
nual address. ■ •
Under the head of pure food*," Presi- I
dent Cooper suggested that r resolution bo
adopted asking Congress to pass the
Brosius interstate pure food law. The
convention was advised of the importance
of hiving the Legislature make an ap
propriation for the California exhibit at
the World's Fair to be held at Paris in
After the reading of the president's ad
dress the following committees were ap T
P0 ted: Resolutions-WilHam Johnson of
C?U£ff chairman; a S o E,he,ma i ,
Sce S . n °Ei R& Ventura County; George
Bray.. Santa ' Clara. k - n Buck acaville; |
E Le^lation-Fi^,k n uryavine . y |
Blanchard. Santa Paula; W. J. Hotch
kiss. Healdsburg; V. C. Howard, Wood
land. <!.*
Marketing, transportation and freight—
R. D. Stevens, Sacramento; A. Block,
Santa Clara: Alexander Gordon, Fresno;
A. D. Cutts, Live Oak; R. J. Blower,
Woodland; Edward Burwick. Pacific
Grove; W. B. Gester. Placer; FranK H.
Buck, Vacaville; H. P. Stabler. Yuba City.
At the opening of the afternoon ses
sion of the Fruit-growers' Convention B.
M. Lelong read the annual report of
President H. W. We'nstoek of the Cali
fornia Fruit Growers' and Shippers' As
sociation. The report showed that the.
severe drought of the past season had
caused a shortage of but 9 per cent in
the shipment of fresh deciduous fruits
as compared with the season before.
At a meeting of the County Horticul
tural Commissolners to-night the vine
hopper and remedial for its extermina
tion" were discussed.
MAY HAVE BUT ONE
INAUGURAL BALL
Prospect of Harmony in the Enter
tainment of Governor-Elect
Gage at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 29.— A peace con
ference between the inaugural ball com
mittee, appointed as a result of a meet
ing of citizens, of which R. T. Devlin is
chairman, and Mayor Land, represent
ing the rival faction, was held this after
noon. As a result there is a prospect of
harmonizing the entertainers of the Gov
ernor-elect and giving him a ball which
will be of such brilliance as to make the
head of the executive swim.
It will be remembered that Mayor Land
found fault with the manner in which the
movement was started, insisting that he
he should have been chosen chairman
because of his official position. Mr. Dev
lin, chairman of the committee, however,
proceeded to name his associates, of
whom the Mayor was designated as one
The Mayor would not have this and
called a meeting of his own, which pro
claimed itself the only authorized body
to proceed with the inaugural.
The Impracticability of having two in
augural balls and putting the Governor
elect to the necessity of being at both at
the same time induced the Mayor and
Mr. Devlin's committee to confer to-day,
with the result that each side assured
the other of its distinguished considera
tion: but after an executive committee is
publicly named it is hard to dismiss it.
and Mayor Land does not need all of
Mr. Devlin's committee in order to com
plete his own.
The flavor's faction was to have met
to-night, but both sides adjourned until
Friday night, by which time all hands will
doubtless be posted as to what will be
good form in such a social exigency as
the present.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders, Postoffice Changes,
Pensions and Patents.
• WASHINGTON. Nov. 29.— 8y direction
of the Secretarj- of "War. Lieutenant Colo
nel John A. Hull, judge advocate United
States Volunteers •■- relieved from duty
as judge advocate of- the Fourth Army-
Corps, and will proceed from Huntsville,
Ala., to Manila, and report to the com
manding general of the Pacific for as
signment to duty to relieve Lieutenant
Colonel Charles L. Jewett. Lieutenant
Colonel Jewett, upon being thus relieved,
will return to the United States, proceed
to his home and report uy letter to the
adjutant general of the army.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Private Alpha Kenyon Jr., Com
pany L, Fourteenth United States In
fantry, and Private- Eliphaleth Blatch
ford Troop E. Fourtn United States
Cavalry, now at Manila, will be discharg
ed from the service of the United States
by the commanding officer of the^station.
Private Alloran L. Barnard. Battery E,
Third United States Arunery, *ort Ma
son, Cal., is discharged from the ser-
V A. 'postofflce was to-day established at
Hoason, Calaveras County, Cal., with
L W h< B Treadwell of ban Francisco was
to-day 'admitted to practice before the
United States Supreme Court. ■
Pacific Coast patents were issued to
day as follows: * \
California^-Rebecra Alexander Fresno cur
taln hanger: Jam*-* P. Call. Redondo hydro
carbon burner; Wllber E Cummings Los An
eeleo /hoe salesmen's foot re?t; Charles G
Jfafnilne. Anderson, combination cushion and
pneumatic boot or shoe heel; James Hollo
;v; va v San Francisco, assignor of four-fifths to
j 'F Cunningham, grraln pearing machine;
James Journeay. New Hope, combination
stretcher, neckyoke and singletree; John H.
Martin and D. Ormand, Riverside, machine
for constructing irrigating or other flumes;
John Parkinson. Los Angeles, shutter operating
«v"ter- John W. Peterm, Banta. railway rail;
rasper Zimmerman, Santa Rca. tree pro
te OreKon— John F. Venner, Brownsville, vehicle
Pl "walshlnVton-John C. Poetz. Spokane as
signor of two-thirds to C. L. Clark arid others,
hose coupling: Ed Parrott. Goldendale. car
bureter: Amoa Fox Cumner. gold separator.
Pensions for. Call fornlans-Original. Joseph
E. Cook,- Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. K\
Francis M. Griffin, San Francisco. *6; Guy K.
Camp. Santa Rosa. $6; John R. Trask. Colum
bia $6; Horatio N. Doyle, Perrys. $8
Oregon— lncrease, James H. Doty, lafjuina,
$6 W°aihington-^Orlglna]. Albert W. Kelley. Se
attle" $6; Increase, John W. Otis. Spokane, $10
to $12. '
FAMOUS HORSES GO CHEAPLY.
Buck Massie Sold for Only $850 and
! Spokane for $170.
• LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 29.— The sec
cjnd day of the Woodward & Shanklin
thoroughbred sales included consign
ments of horses in training, brood mares
and- stallions. The great racehorse Buck
Massie brought only $850. Spokane, who
defeated Proctor Knott in the American
and Kentucky Derbies, went for $170.
Forester, the sire of Lieber Karl, was
knocked down for $15. One hundred and
seven head sold during the -day for $20.
•>;o an average of $180. Following are the
Test prices brought by horses in train
ing:
■1 Consignment of W. H. May & Son-J H C,
n c 4 by Imp. Pirate of Penzance, dam Lilly
li- W- B Ratterman. Nashville, Term. |18. r >o.
'Ed Tlpton, b. c. 2. by imp. Deceiver, dam
Mary Harks; "Woodford & Buckner, Paris, Ky.;
f ' "0
' \ir Blast, b. c. 6, by Patron, dam Peggy
Morrlll; W. E. Jordon, Lexington; $1800.
! The Devil b c, 3, by Major Richards, dam
Patagonia; 'owned by T. F. Sellers.; Bold to R.
T. Holloway Lexington; $2800. ••
i Mis 3 Josephine, b. 1.. 2. by Hayden Edwards,
dam Vibration: .owned by W. J. Matthews;
sold to J. F. Davis. Marysvllle, Mo.; $600.
i Kitty B eh. m., 5, by The Minstrel, dam
Minnie May: sold to W. E. Jordon, Lexington;
£350
■ Buck Massie. br. h.. 6. by Hanover, dam
Triana- owned by J. M. Murphy; sold to W.
II McCorkle, Lexington; $B.O.
• ' Beet sales of brood Wampsutta. br.
rh 12 by Longfellow, dam Sierra Nevada;
o^v'ned'by H. H. Owsley; sold to Eugene Leigh,
Lexington; $l&00. _ ,
Princess Bowling, eh. m.. 12, by imp. Prince
Charles, dam Katie Bowling; sold to Sidney
Paget, New York; $750. _ ,:..
RAIN IN THE INTERIOR.
Light Showers Reported From Vari
ous Sections ot the State.
STOCKTON, Nov. 29.— Rain began fall
ing here at 10 o'clock this morning. The
precipitation has been light so far, but in
dications are favorable for more rain to
night.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 29.— Morning brought
clouds and a south wind. There has been
a mere trace of rain, but conditions seem
favorable for a good downpour.
SUISUN. Nov. 29.— Rain commenced
falling here early this morning and con
tinued for several hours. Severe frost is
looked for to-night. Farmers in this
vicinity aro very much discouraged, fear
irm another dry year.
MILTON, Nov. 29.— Rain began falling
here at 6 o'clock this, morning and has
been falling at intervals since. This after
noon the indications were good for a con
tinuation of the storm, which is much
needed
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 29.— Rain fel' near
ly all day. It will result in great benefit.
JOHNSTON IS CAUTIOUS.
Would Be Sure of His Ground Before
Opening State Printing
Office.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 29.-State Printer
Johnston was seen to-night in reference
to the statement telegraphed from Los
Angeles to the effect that the members
of the Legislature there were taking steps
to huve the State printing office opened
and as many as possible or the official re
ports printed before that body meets.
Mr. Johnston said he would assume no
responsibility in the matter of setting
men to work unless a majority of each
branch of the Legislature would guaran
•u-e to see that the money should be pro
vided,
TH|] SAN/ -.-FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898 L
NECESSARY
REFORMS IN
TRE PRISONS
State Board Makes
Recommendations.
PAROLE SYSTEM APPROVEP
CLASSIFICATION OF CONVICTS
URGED.
Opium Traffic in California Peniten
tiaries Attributed to the Legis
lature's Failure to
Act.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 29.-The bien
nial report of the State Board of Prison
Directors for the two years ending June
30, IS9B, to which Director WHkins has
been devoting a good deal of time and
careful consideration for several weeks,
was finished and forwarded to Gover
nor Budd to-day. The document is ex
ceedingly important in its nature and
supplies interesting reading, inasmuch
as attention is drawn to various re
forms needed at both Folsom and San
Quentin. .
The attention of the executive is
drawn to the fact that, while the dis
cipline enforced at the two prisons will
compare favorably with that of any
similar institution in the country, vari
ous reforms are possible which cannot
be put into operation under existing
conditions. The chief of these, a clas
sification of prisoners, is spoken of as
follows:
Foremost among these is a careful
classification of prisoners and the abso ute
s -Kr. k\c ion of the totally depraved class
from those who are young in vice and
with whom there is a reasonable hope of
final reformation. To carry out our views
In this direction would involve the con
struction of new cell buildings, the intro
duction of new industries and a heavy ex
penditure of money. Probably it is a
larger question from a financial stand
point than the people are prepared to re
gard favorably in their present mood.
In connection with the reformation of
prisoners we call your attention to the
parole, law. We have exercised the au
thority conferred upon us by this act
with the utmost caution and have endeav
ored to expand its provisions to applicants
worthy of our confidence. It Is true that
our expectations have been disappointed
in some instances, but on the whole the
results have been most satisfactory.
Fully SO per cent of paroled prisoners are
leading industrious and honorable lives, a
fact that should go far toward removing:
the remaining prejudice against a proper
exercise of this law.
The opium traffic, toward which pub
lic attention has been frequently at
tracted by The Call, the directors are
frank to admit is still carried on in
ppite of the utmost vigilance on the
part of the prison officials. On this
subject the report reads:
A mischievous and demoralizing factor
with which we are forced to contend is
the prevalent opium habit among large
bodies of convicts, especially at San Quen
tin prison. Your board has made the most
strenuous efforts to suppress the traffic
in this drug-, in which we have had the
hearty co-operation of subordinate offi
cials, "yet we must confess that we have
not been wholly successful. It is due in
a largft part to the fact that our Legisla
ture has failed to make the Introduction
of opium into our prisons a penal offense,
though repeatedly urged to do so. Were
a Bufflvifntiy severe punishment certain
fnr those detected in The nefarious busj
diss. we would be in a much better posi
tion to deal with this great evil.
The board earnestly advocates as a
question of pressing urgency proper ac
commodations for the care of the crim
inal insane and details the results of
the conference with a committee from
the State Lunacy Commission. Folsom
is selected as the preferable site for the
construction of a ward for the criminal
insane, because it offers the advantages
of free light and water and because the
granite quarries there and the presence
of a large force of unemployed convicts
will tend to make the cost of construc
tion a comparatively small item.
The indeterminate sentence system,
as employed in other States more ad
vanced in the science of penology, is
recommended for favorable considera
tion by the Legislature. It is asserted
that in California men are released
from prison daily who have learned no
lesson from confinement or discipline
and confessedly go out to prey again
upon society. It Is thought that in the
majority of cases a much better result
would be attained if sentences were not
for a fixed limit, but were made within
certain limits, dependent upon evidence
of reformation.
The jute industry is mentioned as on
a most satisfactory basis, but 3,000,000
bags have been carried over on account
of short crops. Enough have been
marketed to fill the revolving fund o£
$100,000 and permit the retention of
enough money for present operating ex
penses.
The board regrets to be obliged to
mention the fact that the rock crusher
at Folsom has had so few orders that
business may be deemed at a minimum.
The necessity of providing profitable
employment for the prisoners is urgeo,
and it is recommended that experience
with a small tract of arable land dem
onstrates that it would b.e a wise move
on the part of the Legislature to pur
chase a large tract of land near the
prison, the working of which wouid
give the convicts employment and go
far toward making the prison self-sup
porting. The board does not believe this
would interfere with free labor, for
such staple products could be raised as
would not compete in price with any
body.
Nearly eight miles of the Tlburon
boulevard have been completed by con
vict labor.. The board is especially
proud of the showing made oa that
road.
The board takes pride in the Tact that
the prisons have been conducted on
lines of strict economy, ho far as the
bpst interests of the State would per
mit. Not only has that body lived with
in the appropriations made by the Leg
islature, but it has saved enough to
make a number of much-neederi per
manent Improvements, among which
are mentioned the new kitchen, with
modern cooking plant, and the new
prison wharf.
PABALYZED BY A DIVE.
Son of San Diego's Mayor Dies After
a Lingering Illness.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 29.— Bert C. Reed, son
of Mayor D. C. Reed of this city, died this
afternoon as the result of injuries sus
tained on the 14th of la3t August at La
Jo!)a, near this. city. He made a dive of
100 feet -and struck bottom. He was par
alyzed and has since gradually wasted
away to a. mere skeleton. He was 22
years eld. •
FATAL POLITICAL BOW.
One Man Killed and Three Wounded
at Chicago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— An attempt to
break up the annual meeting of the
Eighteenth Ward Republican Club at
Bricklayers' Hall at Peoria and West
Monroe streets this evening resulted in the
death of one of the attacking party and
the wounding of three of those who par
ticipated in the fight.
Charles Lattimer, a bricklayer, was in
stantly killed.
The wounded are: William Mahoney,
policeman at the Desplaines street sta
tion; shot In both arms and in the side;
will recover. John W. Landers, laborer,
finger shot off. John Prince, janitor of
the building, shot in left leg; serious.
OAKLAND TO GET A NEW
POSTOFFICE BUILDING
Good Prospects of Congress Acting
on a Bill for the Necessary
Appropriation.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 29.—Representa
tive Mercer of Nebraska, chairman of
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, says he expects Congress to
authorize several new public buildings at
the coming session. There are scores of
bills for new buildings, but Mr. Mercer
says an effort will be made to authorize
structures where there is a very pressing
demand for them. He will call a meet-
Ing of his committee early in the session.
During the last session this committee
refused to report a single bill for new
buildings. This was attributable to tlie
lack of funds in the treasury, but now
that the coffers are full. Speaker Rs^d
will probably give his consent to more
liberal appropriations of this kind, ben
ator Perkins has already passed through
the Senate several times a bill for a new
poPtofflce at Oakland. Congressman Hll
born. although a member of the commit
tee, did not succeed in getting the bill
reported from the House committee, but
hopes to be more successful this ses
sion.
MORE RAIN IS NEEDED.
Weather and Crop Conditions in
Southern California.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.-The climate
and crop bulletin of the Weather Bureau
for Southern California for the week end-
Ing November 28 follows:
Cool, fair weather prevailed all the af
ternoon of the 24th, when light showers
fell in some of the southern sections, and
snow in the mountains back of Redlands.
The rain was followed by a severe
"norther" during the night of the 24th
and the greater portion of the 2otn. Ino
greatest force of the wind was experi
enced in the foothills region, though high
northerly winds prevailed generally. The
reports from the sections where the
"norther" prevailed state that damage
resulted from the high wind to trees and
citrus fruit, but on the whole the injury
was light.
Farm work generally continued Inac
tive, awaiting good, soaking rains to put
the soil in condition for cultivating,
though some- dry seeding is being done
in the hope of sufficient rain later tc ma
ture a crop.
Some oranges are being shipped for the
holiday trade, though they are not yet
ripe.
DE YOUNG DWELLING
ENTERED BY BURGLARS
Unsuccessful Attempt to Loot the
Editor's Summer Home at
San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 29.— An unsuccess
ful attempt was made this evening by two
burglars to loot the summer residence of
M. H. de Young. The attempt was frus
trated by the presence of John Meyer, a
gardener".
Meyer sleeps in a room in the lower
part of the house. He was awakened by
hearing the men ascending the stairway
to the upper floor. He slipped out through
the front door, which had been left
opened, and saw a light in an upper
room. Meyer hastened to Coroner Eden's
residence and summoned officers.
Marshal John Healy and Night Watch
man Peter O'Brien responded to the call.
When they reached the residence the
burglars had gone, having taken alarm
from the. noise made by Meyer on leav
ing the house.
Meyer is unable to state whether or not
the bur^iars obtained any booty.
WANTS THE EDUCATORS.
Tacom,a's Efforts to Secure the Na-
tional Convention.
TAC'OMA, Nov. 29.— Tacoma is making
strenuous efforts to secure next year's
meeting of the American Educational
Association, Vhich is expected to bring
20,000 educators to the Pacific coast. As
matters now stand Los Angeles is the only
other contestant. The executive commit
tee of the national association will meet
in Chicago on December 15 to decide
whether the convention shall come to Ta
coma or go to Southern California. Taco
ma has nearly raised the $20,000 needed to
entertain the convention. Arrangements
are complete for the erection of a pavilion
of 5000 seating capacity, made necessary
by the recent burning of the Exposition
building. Hotel accommodations will be
augmented by throwing open thousands of
homes if the convention comes here.
JOHNSON AS PLAINTIFF.
Sues for Damages Because He Was
Robbed at a Hotel.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— The suit of
Grove L. Johnson, a former member of
Congress from California, against George
W. Cochran, proprietor of the Hotel Coch
ran, for $1257, alleged damages for losses
suffered by the former while b guest at
the hotel, was begun to-day in the Circuit
Court.
The suit is the result of Johnson's rooms
at the Hotel Cochran being robbed on the
evening of December 11, 18& C, while be and
his family were at supper. During his
absence from his room $453 In cash, and
Jewelry belonging to his wife valued at
$804 was stolen from his apartments.
The defense is that the proprietor of
the hotel is not liable for goods lost, be
cause in the rooms occupied by Johnson
and his family there were notices posted
tailing the attention of guests to the fact
that he would not be responsible for the
safety of valuables unless left with the
clerk of the hotel and locked in the safe.
PRIVATE HOLT WILL DIE.
Sentenced to Be Executed for a Mur
der Committed While Drunk.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala., Nov. 29.— Private
Lindsay P. Holt, Troop F. Tenth United
States Cavalry, now encamped here. Is
resting under a death sentence, the result
of a court-martial, at which it was proven
that he was guilty of murder. The origin
of this man's trouble is easiest told in tht)
words, "bad whisky and a pistol." His
best friend was his victim, and the unfor
tunate man's remorse is awful.
This is the first death sentence passed
upon an enlisted man since the beginning
or the war and for many years previous.
It is attracting widespread attention.
SENT TO AN ASYLUM.
Unfortunate Condition of Attorney
Darwin of Vallejo.
SUISUN, Nov. 29.— Charles Ben
Darwin, a well-known attorney, has been
committed to the State Asylum at Napa.
Darwin was for forty years a resident of
San Rafael and was for many years a
partner of D. J. Murphy, District Attor
ney-elect of San Francisco. At one time
ho was one of the most noted lawyers in
the State, and figured in several promi
nent cases. He compiled three or four
codes in lowa. Darwin had resided in
Vallejo for a few months, and his mind
showed symptoms of derangement. Medi
cal testimony attributes His unfortunate
condition to pressure on the brain.
GERMAN ARMY INCREASED.
Answer to the Czar's Disarmament
Proposal.
BERLIN. Nov. 29.— The details of the
new army bill just published show the
Prussian peace contingent will be In
creased by 11,414 men and 2530 horses. The
Saxon contingent will be Increased by 2073
He'rr Eugene Richter, the Radical lead
er, calls this "Germany's answer to the
Czar's disarmament proposal."
Boy Killed by a Train.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 29.— Oscar Davis, a
13-year-old lad, met a horrible death to
day while attempting to board a moving
freight train. Together with several other
boyß young Davis attempted to swing on
to the train as it was pulling out of the
depot, but missed his hold and fell under
the wheels, more than half the train pass
ing over him.
EATING THREE
MEALS A DAY
AS OF YORE
Absence of Famine at
Sacramento.
SILLY NEWSPAPER ARTICLE
DECLARED WORKINGMEN WERE
STARVING.
Citizens Angered by an Examiner
"Pipe-Dream" Following the
Recent Fire in the
Carshops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 29.— A space
writer in the San Francisco Examiner
last Sunday covered an entire page
with an industrious effort to have the
publlc"believe that Sacramento is like
ly to overlook the celebration of the
approaching Christmas because a fire
at the railroad shops of the Southern
Pacific Company recently destroyed
a small portion of the plant and tem
porarily threw out of employment a
fraction of the force of mechanics. The
story is luridly illustrated, an at
tempt being made by the artist to de
pict such a scene of domestic misery as
might be encountered among the strik
ing coke burners of Pennsylvania, but
which nobody but a hysterical illus
trator for a yellow Sunday supplement
could locate in a prosperous commun
ity like Sacramento.
As a matter of fact, as has been told
in dispatches to The Call, the effects of
the flre have not been such a- to cause
any serious distress. Nearly all of
the men whom the fire compelled the
railroad company to drop temporarily
from the payroll were skilled mechan
ics, earning good wages and living in
comfortable homes. Putting a speech
In the mouth of one of these citizens
about the dreaded poverty which the
winter is to bring down upon his house
hold, and, inferentfally, upon the
households of his hundreds of co
workers, may answer for rhetorical
purposes, but this is not appreciated by
the people of a city like Sacramento,
which has always prided itself on its
ability to weather far greater calami
ties than the destruction of a couple of
the many buildings at the railroad
shops. The effect of the circulation of
such a publication is, of course, disad
vantageous to the city, and, naturally,
where the article has not been laughed
at here, It has aroused a measure of
resentment.
The Bee to-night, referring to the
story in last Sunday's Examiner, says:
The article was altogether misleading,
as the facts are decidedly otherwise than
those the article sought to convey. The
truth is that by far the larger part of the
men who were temporarily made idle
wen put at work within a day or two
after the flre and have been kept at work
ever since. Those who have not been
able to return to work are In the minor
ity, and as many of these own their own
homes and not a few have bank accounts,
there is no likelihood that their Christ
mas will be very heavily curtailed.
In conversation to-day H. J. Small,
superintendent of motive power and
machinery, stated that 200 ut the 300
men temporarily thrown out of work
by the fire were now being employed in
the temporary shops erected pending
the completion of the new buildings,
which were under way.
The citizens of Sacramento, as well
as the men at the railroad shops, do
not consider the fact that 100 men out
of a daily force of 2400 are out of em
ployment ■waltine" for the new shops to
be finished warrants the publication of
a story whose pictures, headlines and
general character are int nded to
make the public believe that Sacramen
to Is in the throes of a poverty so in
tense as to make necessary a postpone
ment of the holiday season.
ASKS THAT HIS CHILD'S
BODY BE EXHUMED
Bound Mountain Resident Suspects
His Daughter Did Not Die a
Natural Death.
REDDING, Nov. 29.— Mary Rhoades. the
16-year-old stepdaughter of George Man
ley, died recently at Round Mountain and
was buried on Friday. Yesterday Coro
ner Earnest received a letter from the
dead girl's father requesting that the
body be disinterred and the stomach be
subjected to analysis. The parent avows
that his daughter died under suspicious
circumstances. Coroner Earnest, Dr. F.
P. Mitchell and District Attorney Rose
left to-day for Round Mountain to carry
out the request of the father.
Rumors are in circulation and have
been published to the effect that the
young lady had .been badly treated by her
stepfather, having been cruelly beaten on
more than one occasion. What clew the
father has for suspecting that his daugh
ter died other than a natural death would
not be divulged by the authorities.
Supposedly Incendiary Blaze.
SUISUN, Nov. 29.— The residence of R.
V. Sllveria, in Fairfield, was destroyed
by fire at 3 o'clock this morning. The
cause of the fire is unknown, but it Is
thought to have been the work of fire
bugs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-
Here Are Innumerable Opportunities
to Save Money in Making Your
Holiday Purchases/ .
DESKS— ' STEREOSCOPES—
Leatherette, In various shades.. .6sc ................25c. 35c, 75c to $1 25
- Real Leather, in Morocco or Mon- yiEWS— r
key-skin fini5h........ 5125, 51 50. Tl California views, per d0zen. ...»1 50
Elegant Seal Levant Morocco and .•
Alligator, all shades. . .52 50 to $6 ; DESK CALENDARS— ,
Leather, wood or metal. -25c to 52 50
LAP BLOTTERS, fancy corners— CARD TRAYS—
Hani-painted covers Jl - Metal and ash 50c and 73c
INK STANDS- ■ * ' SMOKERS' SETS- .... ?1 to ,4., 4 .
Gilt finish • 50c ••••••••.*•/"■"■*"""""""*"."■ t0 * 4
Silver-plated, with calendar.. : OLIVE WOOD NOVELTIES—
- .;....$1 to 51 50 Desk bl&tters.... .....2oc and 35c
Fancy-goid-piated.-with ther- - $*^^ZZ.±iXr%?. V? S
mometer .......51 &> Ink stands ....60c to 54
THERMOMETERS- Writing desk $1 50
Silver-plated, fancy shapes PEN WIPERS
............................40c, 50c, 65c Fancy designs 10c to U
WILL & FINCK CO.,
FiLL*D L promptly. 820 Market St, San Francisco.
FINDLEY
STOLE MANY
THOUSANDS
Shortage May Reach
$45,000.
NO CLEW TO THE FUGITIVE
BELIEVED TO HAVE FLED TO
CHINA.
San Luis Obispo County's Supervisors
Refuse to Declare His Office
Vacant or Offer a
Beward.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Nov. 29.— A1l day
experts have been figuring on the
amount of the defalcation of missing
Tax Collector S. M. Findley. F. C.
Cherry was appointed by the Board of
Supervisors to do the work. So far It
is impossible to arrive at the exact
amount of the deficiency, but it is gen
erally figured that it will reach about
$45,000.
The Board of Supervisors' refusal to
declare the office vacant has caused the
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary
land, which holds Findley's bond, to
determine to take charge of the office.
The Supervisors left the office in charge
of Miss Nellie Nesbitt and Miss Maud
Scott, who were Findley's ieputies.
They, with the expert, are to remain in
charge until the first of the year, when
H. H. Carpenter, Tax Collector-elect,
will take office. Carpenter does not de
sire to take the office at this time, in
its present condition, should the place
be tendered him by appointment.
So far no clew has been discovered as
to the whereabouts of the missing offi
cial. Some think that he is en route to
China, having departed from San Fran
cisco on the first steamship to sail after
his arrival there.
A few weeks before the election Find
ley was very free with coin in betting.
He wagered most of his money on
Charles A. Barlow, fusion candidate
for Congress in the Sixth District. Bar
low being defeated, he of course lost.
He also was lavish in spending: money
for candidates who were his friends,
and the supposition is that he was
short several thousand dollars before
he conceived the idea of fleeing from
the county.
The Board of Supervisors has refused
to offer a reward for his apprehension,
claiming that the surety company
which held Findley's bond should exert
itself to capture the fugitive, inde
pendent of the efforts of the county.
The surety company is displeased, as
it requested that a reward be offered.
MARGARET CODY ON
TRIAL FOR BLACKMAIL
Alleged Attempt to Extort Money
From Miss Helen and George
Gould.
ALBANY, N*. V., Nov. 29.— Mrs. Mar
garet Cody's trial on the indictment for
blackmail was begun in the Albany Coun
ty Court before Judge Gregory to-day. It
is alleged in the indictment that Mrs.
Cody wrote letters to Miss Helen and
George ■ Gould on February 11 and Mareb
9, 1898, respectively, risking them to call
on her and promising them that she would
give them what was alleged to be valu
able information to enable them to effect
a compromise or discontinuance of the ac
tion pending against the heirs of the. late
Jay Gould to establish the dower rights of
Mrs. Angell. on the ground that she was
the first wife of Jay Gould.
Miss Helen Gould and her aunt. Miss
Elizabeth Palm, were present at the trial
to-day. After the jury had been impan
eled George Gould was placed on the
gtand as the first witness. He identified
two letters from Mrs. Cody, which were
received by him in February, IS9B, and
September, 189 S. These letters suggested
that Mrs. Cody had means for discontinu
ing the case of Mrs. Angell against the
Gould heirs. He had never had a personal
interview with Mrs. Cody.
Mrs. Angell, who alleged that she wag
married to Jay Gould when he was a
young surveyor, and who afterward con
fessed that she had no basis for her state
ment, has been summoned as a witness on
behalf of Mrs. Cody. Mrs. Cody has been
confined in the Albany Jail since her ar
rest In New York City in May last just as
she was about to sail for Europe, whither
she was going to represent American
claimants in the Shepard estate in Eng
land.
WIDE FIELD OF DUTY.
Archbishop Chapelle's Mission In-
eludes the Philippine Islands.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Archbishop
Chapelle of New Orleans, the lately ap
pointed apostolic delegate to Cuba and
Porto Rico, made a lengthy visit to the
State Department to-day, and conferred
with Secretary Hay on the religious fu
ture of those islands. Monsignor Chapelle
caused much surprise among the church
people here by announcing to the State
Department officials that ills mission in
cluded the Philippines as well as the
Spanish West Indies.
Volunteer Officers Discharged.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— The follow
ing named officers of the volunteer service
have been honorably discharged: Major
William Cook Daniels, assistant adjutant
general; Lieutenant Max L. Meiers, Third
Georgia Volunteer Infantry; Captain John
C. Michl, First North Carolina; Lieu
tenant F. J. Cronin, Sixty-ninth Infantry.
Wool/ Mpn
Gu(\ Ifluli
Weak Men
tt — *• Weak Men
Cured in Weak Mpn
a Week. vvedK fflßll
i .* Weak Hen
A WEAK MAX HAS NO HEART TQ DO
anything well. No matter how ardently he
wishes to succeed something- will stop him. for
the reason that he has not the power to bridge
the river where it is roughest.
Weak men don't succeed in life. . eak men
beget their weaknesses. Thy get it In a va-
riety of ways. They get weak through errors
In early life through dissipation, late hours,
bad habits, whisky, abuses. • Abuse does more
harm to our young generation than war. than
pestilence. Abuse deprives the Individual of
his health and strength. Moderation tends to (
longevity. Young man. you who are weak, you ,
who are debilitated, you who have contracted
evil habits, beware of nervous or complete
prostration. If ou are suffering from Nervous
Debility take the certain cure. It is the Hud-
yan Remedy treatment. If you are suffering
from Proßtatorrhea the certain cure is the Hua-
yan Remedy treatment. Hudyan can be had
only from the old Hudson medical doctors.-
HUDYAN CURES.
"Write to the doctors for CIRCULARS, and
TESTIMONIALS or consult them free.
BLOOD POISON A certain cure for
BLOOD HSON Blood poison Is the great
BLOOD POISON 30-day cure. The 30-day 1
BLOOD POISON cure cures Blood Poison I
BLOOD POISON In the first, seondary or
BLOOD POISON tertiary state. . .-
Consult the doctors or write for 30-day .
BLOOD-CURE CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton, Maitet Ellis Sts ..."
SAN FRANCISCO.'. CAL. .• . .-.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult the Hudson Doctors Fre^. '
PAINLESS DENTISTRY..
lllLUmilUFffia Teeth filled ■by Care-
&fT^^2^B ful. Experienced Den-
aßk' 'JH tists at Vi the usual cost
Sal : 'I B| Fillings from 25c
■Hf $k SI Plates, with fres extr»-
?*^\i»3«Ur^ tion, fr0n..... ..,-•s*. so
PAINLESS EXTRACTION A SPZCIALTT.
Metropolitan Dental Parlors,
DR. T.S.HIiiGIHS,ProD.. 927 Market St.
Over Cafe Zink&ad. TAKE EL3VATOR.
i\^»*ssy[ and TUMO^HOSmH
\ \ KNlp 6 or PAIN
3J ipß§ IWI rs ° Pa > iln. l " Cured|
4^^^g' , " ■ man ' 3 breast is can-
'" . ' . cer. The poison
ra(raln|Hl quickly goes to arm-
Jal|^SMM|aMl^a>w pit, if large it is too
late. Men's face and
M 1 1 a common piace.
W By - V&. jS M \ So-Pagk Book sent..
ma\m ■* free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. • No Fra.cd.
S. H. GHAMIEY, M. D.. 23 & 25 TKJRD St . N'B Market St.
SEND TO ONE WITH CANCER
Use f**sL "■■
! Facial Soap f : Facial Cream. .
Pugr Nb9*s. Hump, -Flat," Broken, El-Shaped
Noses made'to harmonize with the cither fea-
tures by Dermatologist JOHN- H. WOODBURT.
127 W 42d st.. New T0rk.,163 State St.. Chicago. .
j Send for Illustrated book. i• \ .  ." '
MtD\/IT Kestom VITALITY
IMtrlVI I M LOST vigor,
—WAND MANHOOD
gS3*W^ Cures Impoteacy Night Emisiions and wasting
Cjn>9 fi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
W^^J) indiscretion. ■ A nerre'tonic and blooeUbuikier.
wr Brings the pink glow to pak .cheeks and tt*
L CS«> / stores ihe fire of youth. By mail 500 per
PAw^SI box: 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
JnlfP*a^ X> guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrvita medical (c. CHnten * Jackson its., (gfticaftd.
WALLEK BROS., 33 Grant aye., San Francisco.
■ Munyon'sHeadache and IndigestianCure
is the only remedy on-tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every homo and
•very traveler's ■ ripsaek. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures. 26c. ■..'■;..
DR.MCNULTYT
r]THI3 WELL-K.VOWN AND RKLI ABT.K
■a. Speoi*l!stcurej Private, Xferveus, and Blood JJ|»-
: eases of Men on';/. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of .Men, free. (>\*er 20 y'rs' experience
Patients cured at Home. Terms oiiahlf. HouniO
to3daily;6:3otoB:3o«>v'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul.
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call,oraddx«ai
P. ROSCOE McNULTY. M.D..
26 l /j Kearny St.. Sah. Francisco. Cal.
i b*i> DiirtTiinc
J^fflßfc RUPTURE.
■^Ti// USE NO MORB IRO^
imCaUg^^ Bocps or Steel Spring-*.
i^SBBB^ Rupture retained with eaia
K^-^isSvS. ttnJ comfort, and thoiisanda radl-
M fML* call CURED by DR. PIERCB'9
% /Sn Magnetic Elastic Truss. E7Gb>U at
flee or write for New Pamphlet No. i.
j MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(20 Market et.. opp. Palace Hotel, Saa Frandae*
PChleliMter'a Ea«Uah DUunend Brand. ' ~ . '
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<S^ X Orlffinal >ad Only Geaalne. ' A
*- t /■fc>N. s*rt, »Iw»_t» relUfcls. uoiout A\
&Jl\ IrKAN llronKlst fur ClHcht>tcr& Bngltt* Dia-AfW ■
lT*<yS'yW»TODti,i Brand is Ked »nd Gold m«illle\\S'
*}-v — »T>C«j!)Oifa. t'»;e<l wliU blue ribbon. TaWc VW
I*l *^¥V« no other. fo.i^td«j«iTwn.l»li». ▼
I"/ — (ffti..n4andimitmtwnt. At Drog;isia, or «ci 4 €«.
I C» -Jr In »umfi for partleslan, critimoiiUU kb<
\t»* 0 " Krflef For Ladlrs," in let irr. br rrtara
•AT [T Msll. 10,000 Totlaooltls. If make r*ptr. . .
vv — —• rCh >••* CbeaUoal tJ».,M«dt»o« *><j nan,
8»U bj aU Local Drugslsu. •• . " Flf U.\ i'&
yvvvvvvvvvvyvvvvvvvvvvvyvyvvig •
I A PERMANENt CURE f
I A PERMANENT CURE I
Ji of the most obstinnte cases of Gpnorrhcea i[ • .
Jj and Gleet, guaranteed in from' 3 to 6 ' ,
c * days ;no other treatment required. :V. V •„
t t " Sold bjr all druggists.' ' , " ■■_ • ,1°
>AAA/vvvvvvvv\A/vvvvvvvvvywvv^ '• • •
!1> TT C II I 7 C ' FOU BARBERS.' BAJC-
BRUbniib ers - bootblacks, bath-
VllUMAiJuw houßta. blliiard tables
i brewers, bookbinders, candy makers; • anen. •
dyers, ' flourmills. foundrte«, laundries.-, paper*
hangers, printer*, painters. - aiio* .factorlaav
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc '
BUCHANAN BRO€|;. .. ; • :
Brush nufacturers. 609 Socramcfl.ta 3b
— — — . . ■• - .
''^aSsta&'tl X ** '' * oonppitoDnisj
4t.<~jt££l&^^**^±A rpni(;d y for UcnorrWa,
J&gWr C Bit Eb^H Glret. S poTma torrhcea,
tjßSf la 1 to&d»y«.^B Whites, unnatural ilia-
HIW OoirantMd H charges, or any iiitJaninm-
BCbW not to stricture. tion. irritation or uli-rra-
! •^^-jPrafen^ caautton. -V tion Vof mucous hicm-
KSbTHxEvaks CllEMlriti f!o. branea. Non-astrin«ept.
CINCINJUTI.O HKW *«-«- *T UragfimU.,
HS^sV c. s. x. jgft. ';r; r a nt in laia wrappor,
yt^SSS&fc. sJ&QA ■by »xpresa. prepaid, fof'
< 54NJ<S»X5*32Pfo'*a il-°°- or S. bottles, 13.75, •
*^ftlfflfff' j n» v ■ Circular nut oa r*<iuo«t>
— : . . % •:.-. / .-...^
■ IA/. •T. HESS;
ROTARY PUBUO AN» A.TTOKNE7-AT LAW, ' • '
Tenth Floor, Hu-iin 10lo,'<:iaus iyprvekeis 'Bldif.
. Teleehone ltrown' ■ ■' . • • "•
Residence. • SDi . California- st., bel"o.w Po.well.
San Francisco.. ; , • "''.■'■
Weak Men and: Women
SHOUI J3 USE UAMIANA BITTERS, Til ' •
great Mexican remedy; (rives health and
strength to sexual ' organsf. Depot;. 323 Market.
' :••:; . '*>;■'■'--■")* "- ' - \-~- . ■ -■ ■ ,-■..- -.-■ =".••:-.WITNESSES IN
THE BOTKIN
CASE COMING
Large Party Left Do
ver Yesterday.
DUNNING WILL BE ON HAND
PROSECUTORS CONFIDENT OF A
CONVICTION.
Attorney General White Claims to
Have a Case That Will With
stand All Legal As
saults.
WILMINGTON, Del.. Nov. 29.— The
Delaware witnesses for the Botkin
case left Wilmington at 7:36 o'clock
this evening over the Pennsylvania
Railroad for San Francisco. They go
over the Pennsylvania route to New
Orleans and thence over the Sunset
route. The party was composed of At
torney General Robert C- • White, who
tyill assist in the prosecution; State
Detective Bernard J. McVey, who as
sisted in working up the case; ex-Con
grress:nan J.>hn B. Pennington, the
venerable father of the murdered wo
men; Joshua D. Deane, the husband of
one of the murdered women; Dr. Lem
uel A. H. ' PJshop and Dr. Pressley
Downes- who i ttended the patients; ex-
Postmaster Thomas (Jooden, who was
Postmaster and placed the box of candy
in the Penninyton mail box; Delia
Deane, a -daughter of one of the mur
dered women, who ate some of the
candy; Miss Josephine Bateman and
Mii-s Ethel Clark who also ate of the
:.t.d candy but escaped; Miss Ethel
Millihgton who also ate some .of the
candy; Harry -^ennington, who carried
the box home and gave it to his aunt,
Mrs Donning, and Dr. Theodore R.
Wolfe, the State chemist, who made the
analysis of the poisoned candy.
The party occupied a special Pull
man car and will be looked after by
Attorney Generai White and Detective
McVey.
John P. Dunning, the husband of the
woman to whom the poisoned candy
was sent, is in Chicago, and will go tv
San Francisco from there.
Dr. Downes at first refused to go, be
cause the authorities were not willing
to compensate him sufficiently for leav
ing his practice for such a long period,
but he was finally prevailed upon to go
and consented so late that he scarcely
had time to pack his clothing.
Walter Morris, the cashier of the
Farmers' Bank, who was summoned
as a witness, could not go because he
has been summoned to appear as a wit
ness in the case of United States Sena
tor J-Uchard R. Kenney, charged with
aiding 1 and abetting in misapplying the
funds of th._- First National Bank of
Dover and the Government insisted
upon him remaining here.
Attorney General White in discussing
the case said:
"We will be successful, no doubt, if
we eet a good Jury and. a good court;
we v. ill secure a convictiou of Mrs. Bot
kin. fur we have the case against her.
We have a complete case and unless
outside circumstances over which we
have no control occur or unless outside
influence is exerted we surely ought to
convict.
"I do not know very much of the
California law under which she is be
ing tried, but I understand there is
punishment for the crime if it is com
mitted wholly or in part in that State,
and under such conditions we should
surely secure a conviction."
"Do you think the California authori
ties would hang Mrs. Botkin if she were
convicted?" Mr. white was asked by
The ("all correspondent.
"I don't know whether they will hang
her, but they surely should convict her.
A fair field and no favor is all we ask
there."
WROTE LETTERS WHILE
DEATH APPROACHED
Sensational Suicide of a Prominent
Democratic Leader in
Wisconsin.
WHITE WATER. Wi?.. Nov. 29.— Hitt
Gravath, a well-known Democratic party
leader, is dead from laudanum poisoning
and gas inhaling with suicidal intent. It
is supposed despondency, caused by the
death of his wife, was the cause of his
rash act.
The suicide was sensational, in that
Gravath wrote letters to his friends
describing his feelings as he gradually ap
proached death.
Gravath was 55 years of age, a lawyer
by profession, and had the distinction of
attaining a higher .standing in his studies
at the university of Wisconsin than any
other student at the institution.
•
SIGNIFICANT UTTERANCE
OF PREMIER DUPUY
All Necessary Documents to Be Placed
Before the Court of
Cassation.
PARIS, Nov. 29.— 1n the Senate this
afternoon, in reply to a question that he
tvr.uld •"clarify" his speech made in the
Chamber of Deputies in answer to the in
terpellations as to the Picquart conrt
martial and Dreyfus affair, M. Dupuy. the
Premier, said: "The speech was clear
enough. The powers of the .Court of
Cassation arc unlimited and all necessary
documents will be communicated to the
court. The best way of restoring peace is
to leave matters in the hands of the
Judiciary."
The Senate thf-n adjourned.
STATUS OF THE BIG
DITCH ACROSS PANAMA
Director General Hutin-. Says His
Company Will Press the Work
to Completion.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— A. Hutin, di
rector general of the new Panama Canal
Company, has arrived from Paris to see
wh.-tt this Government thinks about the
water route between the Atlantic-ami the
Pacific. He protests that there is no in
t^.'.tixin on the part of the French com
pany to sell the canal, and says that It
has only one purpose in view, and that Is
to cut the big ditch at once.
DEATH LIST GROWS.
Victims of the Havana Explosion
Succumb to Injuries.
HAVANA, Nov. 2!'.— Since the explosion
In the private house yesterday on the
Avenue Infanta, between the Santa < % hir.t
and Relna batteries, a number of those
who were injured at the time have died.
In the San Lazare Hospital Avellna
Martinez. Nicolas Derlo, Decarias Are
nui'es and Carlos Urrutia have passed
away. At the Mercedes Hospital Vicunto
Aranguiz and two others, names un
known have died. Jose Garcia and Cas-
Paula have died at the Hospital
Maria Teresa, and at a private residence
Francisco y Banes, Joaefa Partez and
Andres Alverez have died.
Some of the injured are progressing fa
vorably, but others are still in a critical
condition. . ;
CHANDLER'S VOICE
AGAINST ANNEXATION
Believes the Philippines Should Be Under a Protectorate,
With a Government of Their Own
Creation.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, Nov. 29.
Regarding the Philippines Senator Chandler said to-day that he
was not willing to commit himself at this time to the permanent
annexation of the islands. He believed, however, that they should
never be returned to the bloody rule of Spain. "I believe," said he,
"that they should be liberated like Cuba and aided to form, if pos
sible, a free, self-governing state, protected by the United States in
consideration of the adoption of a commercial treaty by which there
should be free trade between the Islands and the United States.
"We will not become imperialists by controlling the destinies of
the Philippines. With our seventy millions of people we can man
age to take care of nine million Orientals without danger, giving
them self-government or possibly transferring them to England for
a due consideration."
DR. VOORSANGER
WILL LECTURE
Appointed to a Chair at
Stanford.
JEWISH HISTORY HIS THEME
WILL DEAL WITH THE TIME OF
CHRIST.
Background of the Christian Era to
Be Treated as a Historical
Topic by tho Eloquent
Rabbi.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 29.
Chiefest among the appointments to
J the lecture chair of Stanford University
for the last semester of IS9S is that of
Rabbi Voorsanger is held as one of the
Rabbi Voorsangeris held as one of the
most learned and liberal men of the
West. For some years he has held the
position of professor of Semitic lan
guages in the University of California
and it is now partly through the cour
tesy of that university that he comes
as a lecturer to Stanford. This, how
ever, will be far from his first appear
ance before a Stanford audience. He
has spoken many times in the univer
sity chapel and has been proved one
of the most popular men to occupy that
position. He comes now as a regular
lecturer, delivering a six months' course
of one hour a week. The subject of the
course will be "'The Jewish Framework
of Christianity." "
At present in the Bible studies Dr.
Thoburn is delivering a two-hour course
on "The Life and Teachings of Christ."
It will be to broaden this work that the
rabbi comes. Every effort will be made
to join the two subjects and make one
three-hour course of both, as they fall
naturally into the same category. In
speaking of the work Dr. Thoburn said:
"We cannot study Christianity prop
erly unless we study the setting to
Christianity, and it will be this early
Christian environment that the rabbi
will attempt to give. Christ came from
and lived among the Jews, and in the
early centuries the entire setting and
surroundings of Christianity — the forms
of worship, the people of the time, # the
friends of Christ, the very background
j of the Christian era — all were Jewish.
j And it will be this vast field the learned
I rabbi will explore. It promises to be
one of the most interesting courses in
j the university, not only to Bible stu
dents but to every lover of history."
"But is this not liable to become a
study of the Jewish chufch?" was
asked. "And may not these lectures on
Christian framework be liable to bor
der very closely on Jewish creed?"
Dr. Thoburn's answer was strongly in
! the negative:
"These lectures will be entirely his
torical and will have nothing to do with
| the Jewish presentation of Christianity.
Rabbi Voorsanger is very learned upon
this subject and the course, while valu
able, will be valuable only as history."
Dr. Voorsanger is expected to have a
synopsis of his course ready within a
| few weeks. .
AUSTRIA THREATENS
RETALIATORY MEASURES
Is Incensod Over the Expulsion of
Her Subjects From
Prussia.
VIENNA, Nov. 29.-In the Reichsrath
to-day the Premier and Minister of the
Interior, Count Thun Hohensteln, reply-
Ing to an interpellation on the subject of
the expulsions of Austrians from Prussia,
said that while there was undeniable se
verity in the action of the Prussian au
thorities, it could not be described as a
flagrant violation of the principles of in
ternational law.
Nevertheless, he added, the Foreign Of
fice had strongly protested against the
steps taken by the Prussian officials and
the assurances of the Berlin Cabinet war
ranted the hope that greater considera
tion will be shown to Austrians.
Rut, Eaid th»- Premier In conclusion
should this expectation be not fulfill. ><l
the Government will not hesitate to en
ergetically protect the rights of Austri
ans, and, if necessary, adopt retaliatory
measures.
SUGAR COMPANY COMBINE.
Attempt to Consolidate a Number of
Big Corporations.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— The Daily Newa
to-day says: An attempt is being made
to consolidate the American SugaF Re
fining Company, the Doscher sugar
plant, the Arbuckle concern and all the
independent refineries and the Glucose
Sugar Refining Company of Chicago.
A syndicate nas been formed to under
take the enterprise. The chief members
are the Rocklellers and J. Pierpont
Mnrgan. Whether the scheme will
succeed depends upon Mr. Haverneyer
and certain interest* in the glucose com
pany. It is* stated fiutluritativelv that all
the independent refineries and the minor
ity stoikholders in the glucose company
are favorable to the project. It Is pro
posed to capitaliee the organization at
$150,000 ,000, half preferred and half com
mon stock.
CARLTON CLUB WILL REFUND.
It Proposes to Return £10,000 to
the Hooley Estate.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— The Carlton dub!
has offered to return to the Hooley estate !
the £10.000 which iSrnest Hooley, tne
bankrupt, contributed some time ago,
through the club, to the funds of the
Conservative party.
THE SA:S FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
ARGUING THE
ALCOHOL CASE
Supreme Court Hears
an Appeal.
CLAIM OF MANUFACTURERS
ASK THAT THEY BE GRANTED A
REBATE,
Declared That They Should Not Be
Forced to Pay Tax for Alcohol
Used in the Making
of Hats.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Argument
was begun in the United States Su
preme Court to-day in the case of R.
Dunlap & Co. vs. the United States, in
volving the claim of this firm to a re
bate on alcohol used in the manufacture
of hats as allowed by the sixty-first
section of the Gorman-Wilson tariff
law. The case comes to the Supreme
Court on appeal from the Court of
Claims, which refused the petition for
a rebate on the ground that the grant
failed when the Secretary of the Treas
ury did not prescribe the regulations
which were made necessary by the
law.
The argument was begun for Dunlap
by George A. Wing, who contended that
the objection raised by the court below
was without force and did not relieve
the Government from the obligation to
pay the rebate. He argued that the pro
fessed object of the Wilson-Gorman law
was the reduction of taxation, whereas
the tax on spirits had been increased
from 90 cents to 51 10, contrary to the
spirit of the law as a whole. This
tax amounted to 95 per cent and was
made so enormous, as all know, because
of the use of spirits as a beverage, and
while this might be legitimate the same
reason could not be supposed to have
been good in the use of alcohol in the
arts and. industries which it was our
policy to foster and not discourage.
Evidently, he argued, the intention of
Congress was to relieve our manufac
turers from the tax in order to place
them on an equal footing with foreign
manufacturers who had free alcohol.
Moreover a drawback is allowed on im
ported alcohol used in the manufacture
of articles to be exported. Hence the
present practice was a discrimination
against American alcohol. He held
that the fact that the requirements of
treasury regulations should be coupled
with the allowance was more in the
nature of a direction to the Secretary
than a condition under which the re
bate should be allowed.
Concluding, Mr. Wing declined to con
cede the position of the Government
would be equivalent to leaving the en
forcement of any legislative enactment
to the discretion of the executive, which
he claimed was an encroachment dan
gerous to the best interests of the citi
zen and one not to be encouraged for a
moment by the judiciary.
Special Attorney Binney contended
on behalf of the Government that the
people of this country were sufficiently
protected against encroachment by the
executive officials and that there was
no danger from that score. He argued
the determination of the question
turned on the one point as to whether
the grant to the manufacturer was con
ditional, holding that it was made upon
the condition that the rebate should
be made only after the Secretary had
made his regulations. The Secretary
had failed to make these regulations
because without the power to execute
the law it would be unavailing, hence
the untenable character of the claims
of the appellants. The Secretary had
not put himself above the law, but he
had found himself unable to protect the
United States in the execution of the
statute. He contended the court could
not take cognizance of the manufact
urers' contention, as it could not per
form executive acts or sustain the
rights of persons dependent upon ex
ecutive action which had not been per
formed. The exercise of a discretion
by the executive was no usurpation, but
an act for the protection of the interests
of the Government and this was not the
only instance in which such discretion
had been exercised.
Indeed, the action of Congress in re
pealing the law made it manifest that
Congress had partially at least antici
pated such course as the treasury had
pursued.
The time for the presentation of the
case was continued for two hours and
Attorney General Giiggs and Hon. J.
H. Choate will be heard to-morrow, the
Attorney General for the Government
and Mr. Choate for the appellants.
There is much interest manifested In
the case, especially among the manu
facturers of proprietary medicines. It
is said to involve an aggregate of
$4,000,000. -
BERING ISSUE NOT DECIDED.
Ang-10-Ainerican Commission Far
From a Final Settlement.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 29. — The Anglo-
American Commission had expected td
resume the consideration of the reci
procity discussion to-day, but as the
Bering Sea question had not been dis
posed of the consideration of that branch
of work was continued. While consid
erable progress had been made a linal
adjournment upon the sealing question
is not yet assured. Besides the present
valuation of the Canadian sealing fleet.
It is said the relinqufshment of the
rights of .sealing is another factor which
the Canadians consider quite as import
ant as the value of the preaent fleet.
DRAWING UP
THE TEXT OF
THE TREATY
Final Draft Will Be
Discussed To-Day.
FEARS EXIST OVER AGUINALDO
PHILIPPINE INSURGENT MAY
PROVE TROUBLESOME.
French Papers Pretend to Believe
That the Monroe Doctrine
Has Been Repudi
ated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 29.— The secretaries of
the two peace commissions. Messrs.
Moore and Ojeda, began their joint task
of formulating the articles of the peace
treaty at 3 o'clock this afternoon, as>
directed by the respective commis
sions at yesterday's conference. This
work will be easy and rapid as to the
relinquishments and cessions referred
to in the protocol, the terms of which
document Will be transferred bodily to
the treaty.
The secretaries, moreover, will em
body in tentative articles for discussion
on Wednesday the subjects of the relig
ious freedom of the Caroline Islands, a
naval station for the United States in
the same group, cable landing rights at
other points within Spain's jurisdiction,
the release of the insurrectionist pris
oners and the revival of the treaties
broken by the w.ar.
Thus the commercial and general
treaty of 1795 will be revived to be re
cast later; the treaty of 1834 for the set
tlement of certain claims will be re
vived; the treaty of 1877 providing for
extradition will be revived; the trade
mark treaty of ISB2 will be revived and
the supplemental extradition treaty of
1887 will be revived, in addition to. sev
eral modus vivendi agreements.
On all the points outside of the pro
tocol there will be friendly negotiation
only, Spain having the right to name
the prices she wants for her territory
and to reject or accept the American
offers. The Spaniards no less than the
Americans now are anxious to conclude
the business which brought them here.
As the result of the work of Mr.
Moore and Senor Ojeda the draft of the
articles embodying the protocol agree
ments was completed this evening. It
will be presented to the two commis
sions in the morning at their separate
sessions, when it will receive final con
sideration. There will be little delay
on these articles.
Mr. Moore will also submit to-mor
row to the United States Commissioners
the subjects to be presented to the
Spaniards for negotiation. These, for
convenience and greater dispatch, are
being drafted into the form of article.".
The release of the Insurgent prisoners
held by Spain will go into the protocol
agreements, it having been already
agreed that Spain Is to release them
upon the United States undertaking to
secure the release of the Spanish pris
oners in the hands of Aguinaldo. This
question is so intimately related to the
peace treaty that it has been removed
from the subjects that are matters of
negotiation, and has been embodied in
the articles containing the protocol
agreements.
♦
FILIPINOS A CAUSE
OF APPREHENSION
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— The Gov
ernment has been officially advised of
the successful termination of the Paris
peace negotiations with Spain. A cable
gram to this effect, which had been re
ceived from Chairman Day, was read at
to-day's Cabinet meeting by the Secre
tary of State.
By the terms of the treaty, which
will be signed during the present week,
Spain surrenders to the United States
her sovereignty in the Philippine
Islands and Guam Island, one of the
Ladrone group. In lieu of all claims
to indemnity the United States will
pay Spain the sum of $20,000,000 in gold
or its equivalent.
Before returning to the United States
our Paris Commissioners will secure
from the Spanish representatives, if
possible, a proposition for the sale to
the' United States of an island in the
Caroline group, some distance east and
south of Luzon, for a cable station.
Should Spain, however, decline to sell
the island for a reasonable sum, the
matter will be dropped, for the present,
at least. The possible cession of this
island is not involved in the pending
treaty, and no pressure will be brought,
to bear to induce Spain to paj-t with it.
The apprehension which manifested
itself some time ago o-ver the attitude
of Agulnaldo and the Philippine insur
gents has not entirely disappeared,
though the administration believes
they will accept the situation without
a conflict with the United States. The
matter was discussed at the meeting
to-day and some of the views expressed
indicated a possibility that the insur
gents may yet have to be dealt with.
PRESS OF PARIS IS
MUCH DISGRUNTLED
PARIS, Nov. 29.— Commenting on the
peace negotiations the Petit Bleu says:
"The Monroe doctrine is now out of
date. The American republic, conquer
ing and colonizing, no longer has the
right to close to Europe the new con
tinent, since she herself has stepped
out of It."
The Temps says: "The transatlantic
democracy has become an imperialist,
and a republic founded on federalism
and autonomy has become a conquer
ing one. From an international point
of view this means a repudiation of the
Monroe doctrine and the entrance of
America into the conflicts and intrigues
of the great powers, and her harshness
to Spain is the cause of much anxiety
as to her relations with other powers."
CONFIDENT THE TREATY
WILL BE RATIHED
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The Washing
tern correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Prompt ratification of the
American-Spanish treaty of peace is
expected by the administration. From
conversations the President has had
with the Senators who have called
upon him during the last few days he
expects that there will be little oppo
sition to the treaty, though he has
found a diversity of opinion as to the
future government and disposition of
the Philippines.
SHARKEY WILL FIGHT
CORBETT FOR NOTHING
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Yesterday, in a published interview, Cor
bett was quoted as saying he was willing to fight Sharkey again for
nothing, provided he was allowed his training expenses. To-day Torn
O'Rourke, Sharkey's manager, issued the following card:
"Corbett has stated he will fight Sharkey for nothing if allowed
training expenses. Sharkey accepts, providing the proceeds go to the
poor as a Christmas gift, the press to form a committee who will
distribute the money. Let Corbett name the time, which must not be
later than two weeks henoe."
The plan of Sharkey's manager, O'Rourke, to have the sailor and
Corbett meet for charity is looked upon as one designed to again
create public interest in another contest, so that the pugilists can
reap a two-fold harvest. It is pointed out that "Jim" and "Tom"
passed the lie at the whitewashing investigation; that Corbett asked
far another chance at Sharkey, and that O'Rourke, Sharkey's man
ager, promised it. And now, as approaching a fitting climax, comes
the proposition to fight for charity, notwithstanding Ctrrbett and
Sharkey are considered pugilistically dead as far as this city is con
cerned.
In the rounds among sportingmen yesterday the general impres
sion was found to be that Corbett and Sharkey would eventually
fight in San Francisco. Many believe that there is already a perfect
understanding between them.
CLEVER CONTEST
WON BY DIXON
Gets the Decision Over
Oscar Gardner.
CLEAN AND FAST FIGHTING
HONORS ALMOST EVEN FROM
THE BEGINNING.
Majority of the Spectators Believe
That the "Omaha Kid" Was
Entitled to a Draw by His
Fine Showing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. George Dixon,
the colored feather-weight champion
pugilist, fought twenty-five fast rounds
with Oscar Gardner, the "Omaha Kid,"
before the Lenox Athletic Club to-night,
and Referee Dick Roche decided in
favor of the champion. The decision
did not please a great many of those
who witnessed the fight. Dixon did
nearly all the leading:, but Gardner met
him cleverly, and countered very forci
bly nearly every time they came to
gether. Dixon found Gardner a very
awkward opponent to get to, and many
of his well-meant blows failed to land
through the clever dodging of the
"Omaha Kid."
It was one of the cleverest and clean
est bouts ever seen in this or any other
club and if the referee had not picked
a winner, but called the bout a draw,
every one would have been satisfied.
The attendance was 4000. The men
scaled 122 pounds at 3 o'clock this after
noon. Dixon was the favorite:- in the
betting at 100 to 80, : Tom O'Rourke
and Tom Sharkey were in Dixon's cor
ner. .;' : ' V; ■''','*;<
Round Dixon cut out .the pace from the
sound of the bell and kept rushing and lead
ing Gardner contenting h.mself with invarla
hiv countering on the body with : the left.
DUon had the better of the Infighting, pounu
fng Gardner's riba ; with his right at close quar-
Kound 2-Gardner was first to lead, landing
lelt on neck. Dixon whipped a hard left lnto
the wind and hooked his right on the neaa.
George kept on leading and Gardner met him.
with hard counters on the body.
Kound 3— Gardner planted a hard right over
Dixun's heart Dixon led left for the wind
got ?n his famous hard double punch on
ribs and head. Gardner drew forth a great
deal of applause by landing a leu- on the
wind, whlcL he followed up with a right
B n 4-Openedwith three lefts on the head
and neck from Dixon. Gardner countered with
le £und f^Gwdner opened with a straight left
on the face. Dixon reached Gardner with a
left on the head, Oscar countering hard on the
head Gardner was then the aggressor and got
to the t>cdy heavily. Dixon sent back stiff
lefts on the head and wl C t C h k a left to the neck.
Hound t-Dixon began with a left to the neck.
Gardner couriering. Dixon then rushed, plant
Ing a left swing over the kidneys. Garuner,
in going back, lell to the floor irom a clinch,
with Duon on top. Dixon helped Gardner to
his feet. Gardner planted two straight lefts
on Dixon's face, sending the latter head back.
Round 7— Gardner dodged a number of Dix
on's lett swings for the head and sent his left
to the face three times. Dixon ripped a hard
left to the wind and Gardner sent Georges
head back with a left hook. ■•- .
• Round S— Dixon hooked a left to the pit of
the stomach and swung his left over the kid
neys. Gctdner rushed things and sent a hard
straight left on the mouth. Oscar sent a ligr-t
right, to the head and Dixon swung his le'.t
on the r.tck. ,' ■•-/;•)' r : ''" . *..
Round i'— Gardner sent a straight left to the
face .iixl Dixon gi i to the body with his lelt.
The cilored lad, :n a rush, hooked his lett
twice into the stomach, sending Gardner
against the ropes and doubling him up. Os
jir almost went to the floor, but recovered
without lalllng. . •
Kound 10— Dixon sent his right over to the
head heavily and Oscar countered over . the
heart. Another of George's rushes was met Dy
Gardner with hard rights over the heart.
Round 11— Dixon forced the pace, landing left
on Oscar's Jaw after the latter had placed hl<»
right on the head. Dixon rushed Gardner to
the ropes, landing a hard right on the wind
and Oscar clinched, bending very low. •
Round 12— Dixon opened 'with a series of lelts
for the head. Gardner countering with his
right on the breast or neck. Gardner ducked
Into a hard left uppercut and Dixon sent his
right over to the head. .
Round 13— Dixon cut out the pace wilh left
leads for the ! face and an occasional hook <*n
the ribs. Gardner countered with left on the
body. *-,-"
Round Dixon won a good deal of applause
by waiting while Gardner straightened him
self out alter he had knocked the \"Kld"
against the referee. ".vi_ v .
Round Gardner sent Dixon s head back
with a straight left, Dixon replying with a very
hard left over the heart. Then Dixon whip
ped his left into the wind and uppercut Gard
ner "on the face with the left, when Oscar
ducked. • —
Round Dixon opened with a stiff, right
hook over the heart, then landed his douolo
punch on the ribs and head. Gardner met
George with two straight lefts on the face.
Dixon hooked his left to the head and sent a
left uppercut to the face, Gardner In the
meantime getting to the body frequently with
his left.
Round 17— Dixon led with left on neck. Gard-'
ncr sent back a neat left on the face. George
put a straight right on Oscar's. left eye and
Gardner replied with a straight lett on the
face. Gardner sent his right over Dixon's
heart and George swung his left on the ribs.
Dixon swung a heavy left on the head and
hooked into the Jaw a moment later. Dixon
followed with left and right swings on Oscar's
head arid Gardner clinched.
Round 18— Gardner kept plugging away at
Dixon's body with his left, while George shot
his right to the ribs like a piston rod. George
swung his right to the Jaw, sending Gardner
reeling to the ropes.
Round — Oscar led -oft with a left Jab on
the face. Then he chopped his left on the face
and sent his right to the body. Dixon planted
hlB left Into the stomach and repeated.lt. but
Gardner landed a straight left on the face. ' -
Round 20— Gardner opened with n left chop
on the face and • Dixon shot : his right to the
body. : They exchanged rights on the ribs and
Oscar sent hi.' left straight on the face twice.
Dixon tried a left swing and Gardner got to
the wind with h!s left. *-:•.. a_ ■ ,
Round 21— Dixon still forced the fighting and
uppercut Gardner on the face with ; his left. |
Then he sent his right over to the head and
Gardner planted his left in the pit of the
stomach. Dixon straightened Gardner with
a left uppercut on the. face and neck . at the
close of the round. - . • ",_
Round 22— Oscar landed a right over; the
heart then sent his left to Dixon's nose and
the latter whipped a " »ef t uppercut into the
wind Dixon landed a straight left on Oscar's
right eye and Gardner sent his lef : hard -on
the stomach.
Round 23— Gardner sent a straight left to the
face. Dixon swung his. left on. the ribs. He
repeated • this and Oscar came back with lefts
md rights to the body.- Dixon hooked his right
to the ribs. '- Gardner essayed a lef t " and right
£r t^ c . body wlth his head down and OPO PO r*e
caught him on the face with a left unnerrut
"° h un «; l «-Gardner tried for ?he ",dv hold ng
his head down, hut VHxon lifted It with a hard
w hTstrakhPr;"^ *° nt ««r&'»&3 back
in stepping Ck '° n th * rIbS aHd ° SCar fell
rounHnfl^ 1 ' Sh °° k hands for the «"*
face Then uSB;'u SB ;' a Btralarht left to the
onthebodv he rrUBr rUB , hed in and hooked his right
on the head SthT C *. me back wlth a rlpht
the bSdy and h , Ia , nd * d swinging lefts on
with rirht «nH^^f d lt up> Gardn «r landed
the Hh« g^ S ° Ver the heart - Both swung or
r{ 11 n 9 ,. r^n dl n? i h ? 88 n le 77 t R ? o ed the O r dd nn > -!r! r aCr66S ""
th^rin/wh s arrin S in the middle of
tne ring when the gong sounded, and
the referee awarded the bout to bixon
The announcement of the referee's de
and°h, S se aa s S hai ' ed Kg* mlngled chee 3
BAGED IN THE MT7D.
Webfooted Horses Win at Bannings
and New Orleans.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 29.-The races at Ben
nlngs to-day were run in the rain. Results- !
First race, one and a sixteenth miles-Ruby
O.'SS.^me.^i" 6111 sec ' mi1 ' NiK « er Baby
• S oo i race, HVe ' furlon s-Sparrow ' Wing
Time. SPSf' SeC ° nd> LeUa Smlth thlrd
BtofTp I i d J'™% hurdle on a half miles-Mr.
3:01 4-5 " QUan second . Rlfler third. Time;
Fourth race, seven Eastertide won
W *Jip second. Fair Rebel third. Time 144
wfn M ra £ e> slx and a halr rurlong-s-An'ltra
won, Meehanus second, Tyran . third. Time.
deil^co^r'Se^Lr^d 0 fg*ii W ""
trac E k W he2, R y LE^^i tß^ V - »-*«*« <*»«*
T^Jl 6t rac 5> even lurlongs— David won Leo
Lake second. Garnet Ripple thlrd - Time 1:37.
Second race, six and a half furlongs—
Ti a a ir29 O SlStCr AUie S6COnd ' Borden thfrd.
Third race, selling,- six and a. half furlonfrs
third"me WWin 29W i n 29n 29 Branch second. Tole Simmons
Fourth race, mile and twenty yards— Laur-
Time °%i' loe ReSal second The Planter third.
Fifth race mile and flfty yards-Vannessa
Time Ba^! edore second, Mitt Boykin third,
lime, i.sb? 4 .
FLOW OF NATURAL GAS.
Discovery Made on the Lambrecht
Ranch Near Suisun.
BUISUN, Nov. 29.— The fact that natural
gas exists about seven miles east of Sui
sun has again been proved. The latest
discovery has been made on the ranch of
Ludwlg Lambrecht. near the Allen place,
on which the first indications of j-as were
found some years ago. Mr. Lambrecht
has bored a well about forty feet deep
Over the top a tank was placed and pipes
attached thereto led to his home. The ex
periment was a successful one. and Mr.
Lambrecht has no need to purchase coal
oil or fuel. As an illumlnant the gas ia
excellent, and it is regarded as superior to
acetelvne gas. It is stated by residents in
the vicinity that indications point to a
large supply of gas in the neighborhood
FRIENDLY BUT FIRM.
The Czar Answers an Appeal of the
Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 2? -The
Czar of Russia, replying to the Sultan's
telegram of November 28, urging the Czar
to abandon his Intention of sending Prince
George of Greece as High Commissioner
of the powers, declares that the friendly
sentiments of Russia toward Turkey are
unchanged and that whllr Prince Geortre
is going to Crete as Commissioner of the
lour powers, the Sultan's rights oi sov
ereignty will be safeguarded
Oberlin's New President.
OBBRLIN, Ohio, Nov. 29.— The trustees
of Oberlin College to-day elected Rev.
John Henry Barrows of Chicago as presi
dent of that institution. He will accept
and assume the position on January 4
1599, when the winter term begins.
• • ADVERTISEMENTS. '•
®®®©®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®©®®®®®®®
THE DAILY CURE! j
fc^^|^^Jw Another Happy Man Tells of the ®
®
Grand Results Received From ®
wjjml Dr, Sanden's Electric Belt. ©
IW|^A)V. ■ DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I do
yßiWviyi!'. . v /* V B^ not know where to lind words to express (?)
UvvAw /vHwv X^ ■ myself of the high appreciation that I -^
wl^*if/''iT^ f ■■"» >> ftssJl * have for your Belt. When 1 received the W
t Another Happy Man Tells of the (S\
Grand Results Received From
Dr. 'Sanden's Electric Belt.
DR. A. T. SANDEaJ— Dear Sir: Ido ®
not know where to ttnd words to express (•)
myself of the high appreciation that I ,-,
have for your Belt. When 1 received the W
Belt from you I was not fit nor able to (»)
■ t » • 'lV§>& " 'l|Cl. . perform a day's work..' Rheumatism, jL
' '• K^i> ' neuralgia in the head ana -.excesses had ®
€I. V (VJtW .^. got the best' of me. .'Keturning home /jj
CP><!r,ii!*Ks«3^Sp^^4KsS^ from a day's work it seemed: : .t6 me as
V*«*'.V^^^^^^^iMsSr though I was dragging myyelf along: ®
V I'fiSSi/^' ' not so any mori *- I. now come home In /jj
<TfTrtlilY»*»'A\\VV^k. the manner, that I used to once, and It KJ
\l\\\l»<Vi%Bl.'\\\\W^. CZZ^cJSmWUiT&tom^ seems to me th.Tt I feel- twenty years ©
V U\V3Htlt«V^WlK^K2li^Bffi^WS^«^ younger; The change the Belt made
AVVffll V*^<A\%%gKy In me Is remarkable, considering what >!/
\t\\3^W^ s Jv\V«.«S^. ; ?3s»v\vA poor health I was ln before commencing (i)
WXvWv^^VWtiTOSxW iiUir3Su\\V to use It. The results were far beyond _.
nMv\v^\CWSv«^^ lluß^aWv ™y expectations, and Ifcel. that I can- W
ISall not <t° eno^h for you!.- I will gladly ®
AY^WWWWCWiIfl ft \\ W recommend, your Belts- to all whom I b<
r may fl "' d ln neod ° f then) - Your . 8 ver y ®
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. 1
®
This wonderful Belt is not an experiment. Cures like the.- above have ®
been repeated daily for years. It is a positive cure for all weakness, ®
whatever the cause. It gives life into, the nerves, warms and vitalizes «j
them, assists the blood to flow through the veins' and thus aids nature n
so that disease cannot exist, and all normal strength is restored. Dr. w
Sanden applies his. Belt in a manner taught him by years of practice. ®
The men who say it cured them of general- debility, of wasting" weak- (5)
ness; the men who have become strong and vigorous b <r : following Dr. ®
Sanden's advice, are the best evidence of the worth of his system. There „
are thousands of them. If you are weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt "r
will cure you. It will. make you strong; it will steady your • nerves and ®
check all waste of power in thirty days. It Is a erand cure for all weak- ®
ness, whatever the cause. It costs little, is worth all. that life is, for it ®
makes life worth living. If you are" troubled with weakness in any way, ~
send .for this Belt. Don't be ignorant of a reme'dythat. .will- correct Jr
all your past .mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay; ®
act now. Get the book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weak- ®
nesses of men; tells the cause of. early decay in young and middle-aged 0
men. ,It shows how Electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, (iN
and gives the proof. . It is free upon application. Call or address p"
DR. A.T. SANDEN. .' :»"... - ' . .!.?■. -'•■ : * ®
702 Market Street, Corner Eearay. San Franciioo. NOT. iN DRUG STORES. ®
, Office hours, Ba,m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 \ '.^ . ~, — 7—\ ._, _ , ® '
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 232 West . * Dr - Sanden s Electric Belt g) -
N Second street: Portland. Or., 253 Washington •1» never sold In", drug stores V;
street; Denver. Colo.. «31 Sixteenth street; ; nor by : traveling agents; only ®
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. * at our office.^ | _.
110 North Main street. * — — ■ : : — ; * X
•■ , . : . :.'.,.,>  ■ :.-,■;••  ;. ...■■„ , , . •  ■•.. -■ '/.■" ■' ®
®®©® ®, -® ®.® ® ®© © ® ®®®®®®®®® ®® © ® ® ,' •
MANILA'S LOYAL
LEGION BANQUET
Dewey the Guest of
Honor.
ARRtVAL OF THE ZEALANDIA
FOES OF AGUINALDO TAKE SAN"
IGNACIO.
Natives of the Vizcayas Islands Es
tablish a Republic Independent
of the Luzon Gov
ernment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Nov. 29.— At the Loyal Le
gion banquet here yesterday sixty-nine
g-uests were present. Nearly every
commandery was represented. General
Anderson presided, and Rear Admiral
Dewey was received by a guard of hon
or from the organization. The speakers
were Generals Anderson, Harrison.
Gray Otis, Reeve, King and Mac A
rthur. Captains Glass. and Coghlan and
Colonel Hawkins.
The Concord has sailed for Canton.
The steamer Culgoa has arrived from
Sydney, N. S. W., with supplies. She
has been transferred to the American
landing. The transport Zealandia has
arrived with reinforcements. Other
transports are expected daily.
It is reported a section of the insur
gents, called the Guards of Honor, who
are opposed to Aguinaldo, have cap
tured San Ignacio, in the province of
Pangarin, at the instance of the Span
ish priests.
The Casino Espanol has donated $40
to each private held in captivity by the
insurgents.
The Philippine papers are demanding
good roads into the interior for the
transportation of produce which is
now wasted. '
Charles McKinnon, a member of an
Oregon regiment, died to-day of small
pox.
Advices from Iloilo say the natives of
the Viscayas Islands have established a
republic independent of Luzon.
In some of the islands hostilities are
proceeding between rival republics.
SPECIAL ELECTION FOR
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
Judge Gaddis of Woodland Rules That
It May Be Held Under the
Constitution.
WOODLAND, Nov. 29.— A new and in
teresting point of law was passed upon by
Judge Gaddis in the Superior Court to
| day. At the recent election there was a
tie for the vote for Justice of the Peace
in Washington Township. The Board of
I Supervisors ordered a special election. J.
N. Gill, one of the candidates voted for,
made application for a writ of prohibi
tion commanding the Board of Super
visors to refrain from proceeding further
in reference to the calling of a special
election. The petition was argued this
The contention was that the section of
the code under which the election was
called was unconstitutional, and that a
Justice of the Peace could be elected only
at a general election. The section referred
to provides for the election at a special
election of all officers, in case of no choice,
except a Governor and Lieutenant Gov
ernor but it is a well-known fact that a
Superior Judge cannot be elected except
at a general election and can be appointed
only to till a vacancy.
The attorney for the petitioner cited
numerous authorities upon this point.
The acting District Attorney submitted
the case without argument. The court
took the matter under advisement for a
few hours, finally denying the petition for
the writ. The petitioner will appeal.
The court admits the contention of the
petitioner that Justices of the Peace are
as much a part of the judicial branch of
the Government as are Judges of the Su
perior Court, but holds that the special
election would be part of the general elec
tion of November 8, IS9S.
Bradbury Heirs in Court.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— John Brad
bury, Rosario Winston and Louisa Brad
bury have filed a suit here against Sa
mona Bradbury, Minnie Polk and Lewis
Bradbury for a division of the Immense
estate left by the late J. L. Bradbury. All
the parties aro heirs to the estate, and
the suit is a friendly one brought for tne
purpose of having the holdings partitioned
to the several heirs.
34
SHERMAN WON HIS
WAY WITH BRIBES.
Boasted He Bought a State Officer
for Forty=Two Thousand
Dollars.
James G. Fair Fought the Great Manipulator
With His Own Weapons -Indignant
Councilmen.
The Call exposed Moses H. Sherman
yesterday morning as the professed cor
rupter of the City Council of Los An
geles. In the tremendous scheme which
Sherman evolved out of his brain to
ruin the Pacific Bank and to win for
himself the fortune he now enjoys
there were many elements of dishon
esty that had not yet been exploited.
Sherman received the full indorse
ment of the McDonalds to c-perate as
he pleased. He was at liberty to float
excessive bond issues, to foist upon the
Pacific Bank and the People's Home
Savings Bank worthless securities and
to corrupt and bribe public officials
wherever and whenever he found the
necessity to do bo. The Call 1 showed
yesterday morning that Sherman re
ceived $60,000 upon his uncorroborated
statement that he had bribed; two of
the City Councils of Los. Angele.s to
grant him certain valuable franchises
that acted as a death-dealing competi
tion to the cable road of the southern
city.
The Call will show this morning how
thiß conscienceless manipulator at
tempted to secure $42,000 by asserting
that he had bribed officers at Sacra
mento to assist him in securing the
adoption of a law necessary to his great
scheme in floating the bonds of the Les
Angeles Electric Railroad. . i .• ■
It should not be taken for granted
that the City Council of. Los Angeles or
the Legislature of this State was/bribed
by Moses H. Sherman.: The pnly fact
that can be proved is that Sherman de
clared that he had bribed these bodies
and that he received money for the al
leged bribery. Most of the men -\yho
were members of the City, Council of '
Los Angeles in 1890 and 1891 -occupied
positions of trust and honor. in- their
community. Most <>f. them have been
Interviewed by representatives of -The
Call and all vehemently deny that they .
ever received a cent; for granting the
franchises which Sherman "received..
Some of these valuable. franchises were
granted to B. CX . Carr, Sherman's
brother-in-law, who s6ught the official,
favor of the authorities of Los Angeles
through A. -W.. Barrett* . : who is now
adjutant general of this State. At that
time Carr was manager... of the People's
Home Savings Bank and had the right
to declare that he had "behind him in
earnest support the McDonalds and all :
their tremendous resources: ; . ... . '.-
The franchises for the electric road
of Los Angeles were granted- at a tiTne
when the citizens of that city, were do-
Ing their utmost to advance their local '
interests. Speculators and •■property
owners were eager, to encourage any.
enterprise that would be. a "benefit, to the
town. The cable road in. which the San.
Francisco Savings Union of this, city,
the Bank of California,. Jam.es G. Fair,
and the Pacific Rolling Mills wefe in
timately Interested was the only road
that opposed the grant , of the.se fran-.
chis^s. There is nothln- to.- Indicate,
that the owners of this road attempted
at that time to prevent by corruption
the introduction of an electric railroad
system. ■• .....'••
The fact remains, however, that Sher
man received $60,000 upon his unsup
ported assertion thai he had bribed .two
City Councils of Los Angeles to obtain'
franchises for this road. The" greatest
indignation has been excited by the
publication of this fact. The . men
whose personal honor Moses H. Sher
man outraged to fill his private purse
emphatically deny that they • were
bribed. ...
The Call has given the facts as they
exist, and this morning it shows how
Moses H. Sherman attempted to s-ecure
another fortune by ■ asserting his abil
ity to bribe the Legislature .of this
State in 1891. In order that his. out
rageous claim should be thoroughly
understood, it will be necessary to pub
lish something more of the unwritten
history of the Los Angeles Electric
Railroad. When Sherman conceived his
preat plot to build an electric railroad
in Los Angeles he did not confine his
corrupt activity to th« Pacific Bank or
to the Pacific Rolling Mills. As The
Call showed yesterday morning Sher
man bribed from the agents at the
cable railroad of Los Angeles the se
crets of that institution. He discovered
what the Pacific Rolling Mills had al
ready done and what it intended to do.
He Induced the managers and directing
spirits of the corporation to champion
his cause and persuaded them to under
take the construction of the road under
conditions most favorable to himself.
It will be remembered that ohe-third of
the construction price was to be. paid
in cash, which Sherman determined
•hould be supplied by the Pacific Bank,
the Pacific Rolling Mills agreed to the
terms, and Sherman's persuasion in
luced the McDonalds to enter the.
eheme. Sherman, however, had not
jet finished his preliminary labors.
The Pacific Rolling Mills could not at
AD\ EBTISEMENTS.
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
that time supply electrical appliances
on its own responsibility. The Edison
Electrical Company, of which A. R.
Reese was at that ttme the manager,
was worked into the scheme to supply
the appliances necessary to the opera
tion of the road. Sherman thus far,
therefore, had secured without the ex
penditure of a dollar the co-operation
and unqualified support of the Pacific
Bank, the Edison Electrical Company
and the Pacific Rolling Mills. The Edi
son Company was to supply the elec
trical appliances. The Pacific Rolling
Mills was to supply the power house,
rolling stock and rails, and the Pacific
Bank was to give from its vaults the
money to satisfy in part, at least, the
claims >of the construction company.
Sherman, however, had • evolved a
deeper scheme than the simple c6n
struction. of a great railroad, He
wanted to float a great bcm&'issue, and
in addition to what he ordinarily would
have earned from the construction of
the road, he sought to win a profit from,
.the. Inflated issue of bonds. ;.. . '-V r
■ : Under, the .laws of this State, how-
I ever, no transportation company that
had adopted electricity as a ; motive
power could issue bonds. It was neces
sary for .Moses H. Sherman to secure
the adoption of a law by the Legisla
ture of the State legalizing electric mo
tive power on the same plane as other
transportation companies using other
motive power. While Sherman was
scheming some means to secure such
legislative action the explosion of offi
cial anger occurred in the Pacific Roll
ing Mills. James G. Fair, who was the
■principal owner of stock in the. Pacific
Rolling • Mills and one of the leading
backers of the cable railroad of Los
Angeles, was informed that, some of
■thedfficers of the Pacific Rolling Mills
and the McDonald. family were fn col
lusion to injure his cable property to
.a .very serioius extent. There had been
; sorne friction between the Edison Elec
trical Company" and the Pacific Rolling
Mills. .Contracts which the Edison
Electrical Company had received in
"connection with the Los Angeles Elec
tric Railroad having been fulfilled, the
Electrk? ' Railroad ...Company gave' its
patronage td a competing corporation.
It was understood at -the time that an
officer of -the Pacific Rolling Mills was
the cause of- this change '.Qf patronage",
and the managers of i-he Edison Elec
trical Company : were:- in. consequence
greatly " Angered. ". They, detailed ■ to
James G. Fair some of the inside facts
in" connection with the construction, of
the Los."- Angeles" Electric ■ Railroad.
They showed that a.52,400/000 borid issue
had been made upon- an expenditure of •
$675,000. • -.•••.. . - r '
•• James G. Fair immediately, became
frightened at this most peculiar "finan
cial- transaction. He instituted an. .in
vestigation at- once. and he. came seri
ously to the conclusion that Moses H.
Sherman .'" and the .McDonald family
■were very shrewdly attempting to "in
jure . him. Before his inquiry had "been
concluded he forced several important
changes in the-. management of the Pa
cific Rolling Mills. ' One- manager re
ialgned '"and another was put in his
place. The .investigation revealed the
very interesting fact' that -several. prom
inent employes of the. Pacific Rolling
Mills; and a number of men highin the
service -of the Southern Pacific Com
pany held large blocks of. stock Qf the
Los-Angeles Electric Railroad. Why
this ' stock was held by these people
.James G. Fair could not understand.
Those men over whom he had authority
he forced out of his service and insisted
that the Los Angeles Electric Railroad
Company reduce its enormous bond is
sue-to a figure that would more reason
ably represent- the relation between the
expenditure required by the construction
of the road and the face value of the
bonds. Even then James G. Fair saw
that he. was in an anomalous position.
The Pacific Roiling Mills had pFacti
cally constructed the cable railroad of
Los Angeles and at that time held
nearly $200,000' of the bonds of this cor
poration. The California Bank,' the Sun
Francisco Savings Union and several
prominent capitalists and financiers of
this city and Oakland held, many of
these bonds, .but Fair considered that
it was impossible, for him to evade the
issue* and he determined to stand by
the contract of t&e Pacific Rolling Mills
to. construct the Los Angeles Electric
•Railroad.
Fair determined, however, not to be
caught again in what he considered to
be a trap. He sent one of his mast
trusted agents, A. J. Binney, to Los
Angeles to oversee the work of con
struction and to watch carefully that
no thefts were committed. At that time
the San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railroad was in process of con
struction under Behrend Joost and
others and the manipulators of that
concern were fearful that Fair's in
dorsement of the Los Angeles Electric
Railroad would militate against their
interests. The Pacific Rolling Mills
was building. the San Francisco and
San Mateo Electric Railroad, and J. W.
Hartsell of that corporation" was afraid
that in the construction of the Los' A
ngeles road his interests might be jeop
ardized. Every effort .was made -by
him, therefore, to prevent Fair con
tinuing his support of the Los Angeles
Electric Railroad. These efforts were
in vain, as Sherman had placed a" man
much shrewder than himself in a posi
tion where he could not retire. The
road was constructed, but James G.
Fair took every means in his power to
see that the work was honestly done
and - the money legitimately expended.
It should be understood that in the
business ethics of James G. Fair the
bribery of State and municipal offl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
| cials was considered to be a legitimate
I expenditure.
The time had new come when Moses
I H. Sherman had to take another great
| step in his scheme. A formidable foot
! ing had been secured in Los Angeles
: and the cable railroad system had been
; paralleled by the franchises granted to
j the electric railroad system. A serious I
i competition had been introduced and
! the war between the two roads was on.
i At that time, however, the laws of this ;
j State did not permit an electric railroad
! system to issue bonds. Sherman deter
! mined as part of his scheme to put forth
I an enormous bond issue. This was neces-
I sary as a matter of course, as the Pa- j
j cific Rolling Mills had agreed to accept
two-thirds of its payment in bonds.
Friends of the manipulator wanted
something out of the venture and it
was necessary to legalize under the
laws of the State bonds of an electric
railroad.
It was also imperative that the
schemer should have the privilege of
passing over the very tracks of his j
competitor. The cable railroad of Los
Angeles had, as The Call had already
indicated, literally cobwebbed Los An- j
geles. Sherman wanted to use some of
the streets occupied by the cable com
pany, and in 1891 he went to Sacra
mento to secure the adoption of a law
permitting the use of certain streets
held by one railroad company for the
benefit of another. This was known as '
the "five-block law," which in outline !
meant that for a space of five blocks
one railroad could. use the tracks of an- !
other railroad. Sherman, as a matter |
of o'urse, wished to secure the legaliza- |
tion of electricity as a motive power in |
transportation.
It should not be forgotten that some
of the most prominent bankers and I
capitalists of this city, such as I. W. i
Hellman, Lovell White and Thomas !
Brown, were opposed to. Sherman. The
cable railroad of Los Angeles, under I
the management of J. F. Crank, was
doing everything in its power to kill I
the electric railroad. It was natural to
suppose, therefore, that Sherman's ef
forts-at Sacramento would be vigor
ously opposed. There was nothing to
indicate, that any actual opposition
was made by these people, in 1891 in
Sacramento, but Sherman insisted that
he had met with the uncompromising j
antagonism of these people, and upon
this .declaration unsupported by any
corroborative fact he demanded the
payment of $42,000, which he asserted I
he had paid to secure the adoption of
the electric railroad and five-block bills
by the Legislature of this State. Dur
ing these times, and they were very ex
citing ones in the history of the con
spiracy, Sherman very frequently came
to this city and registered at the Lick
House under the name of Smith, • He
did this to avoid unnecessary and pos
sibly troublesome inquiry, and to pro
tect himself from the service of any
legal document that mlgtet have bee.n
sued In behalf of the cable railroad.
With his customary good fortuiie he
secured the adoption of Ihe laws he |
sought at Sacramento, and then he re
turned to this city to demand from
every, individual and every corporation
that was interested a pro rata share of
the bribe money which he claimed he
Had paid at Sacramento to secure the
adoption of the law. There- is probably
no exaggeration to Bay that every
street railway .corporation in the State,
with the exception of the Market Street
Railway Company, was interested
favorably in the adoption of the laws
that Sherman demanded. The Market
Street Company, as the people of this
city will readily understand, would
have been opposed if it had taken any
active interest in the affair to the adop
tion of such a law. I. W. Hellman,
Daniel Meyer and others were con
cerned in seeing that Sherman's bills
became laws. Every electrical corpora
tion, such as the Edison Electrical
Company, was as deeply interested in
the success of Sherman's plan as these
bankers. Sherman understood this
thoroughly, and he went from one cor
poration to another demanding that
they give up what he considered to be
their, share of the bribe money of $42,
000.- He went to the managers and di
rectors of the Edison Electrical Com
pany and insisted that they •contribute
$5000. Other corporations and capital
ists were approached for sums of
money. They all positively declined to
'submit to ..Sherman's practical black
mail, and the schemer had to seek else
where.
This, in outline, is the story of an
other of Moses H. Sherman's shameless
deals in this State. The Call will con
tinue its recital to-morrow morning,
and will show what else Moses H.
Sherman did in his corrupt progress to
win a fortune.
BARRETT SAYS
"NO COIN USED"
He Acted as an Agent, but
. . Indulged in No
Bribery.
Adjutant General Barrett, when seen
last night, said:
"While I was their agent in securing
the passage of such ordinances as were
desired, -I never received or used a cent
dishonestly. As far as the receiving of
or paying of any money to the Council
men of Los Angeles for dishonest pur
poses, I desire to say that such a
charge made against me by Sherman
is a lie from the whole cloth. My deal
ings were aboveboard and will bear
public inspection. In no way was I
ever connected with the bribery of any
Councilmen. nor did I even hear of any
such thing having been done."
EX=COUNCILMEN
ARE INDIGNANT
Deny They Ever Received
a Cent From Sher-
m a n.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29.— "Moses H.
Sherman never expended' sixty thou
sand dollars in bribing the members of
the Los Angeles City Council of 1890,
nor the members of Aldermanic body
who held office in IS9I. to secure the
passage of the ordinances which
granted franchises to various parties
for electric street railways, and which
franchises afterward beca. le the prop
erty of the Los Angeles Consolidated
Railway Company!"
This statement was made to-day by
Jacob Frankenfleld, who was President
of the City Council in IS9O. That was
the Council which passed the original
franchise secured by Sherman interests
in this city. Mr. Frankenfield is a re
tired capitalist. He was formerly
president of the-California Bank in this
cit- 1 ' and is highly respected. In dis
cuosing the matter of the franchises
further the gentleman said:
"The franchise you refer to was se
cured in the name of Mr. Carr, who was
at that time, I believe, president, or an
other official of the People's Home Sav
ings Bank. A. W. Barrett, now adju
tant general of the State, acted as the
agent of Carr, and appeared before the
Council in his interest. He made a
strong presentation and urged the
adoption of the ordinance. We investi
gated the matter and became convinced
that the application for the franchise
was made in good faith. We felt as
sured that Carr had ample capital be
hind him, and we voted unanimously
to award it to him. Henry T. Hazard
was Mayor of the city at the time. He
vetoed the franchise ordinance, and we
passed it over his veto. I never heard
or knew of one dollar being used to in
fluence a vote in favor of the franchise.
At the time it was granted the people
of the town were only too glad to give
anything of that character that tended
to secure the investment of capital
here."
One of the members of the Council of
1890 was A. C. Shafer, 'who represented
the Fifth Ward. He was very indig
nant to-day when questioned as to
the use of money to secure the adoption
of the Carr franchise. Mr. Shafer said:
"It is simply preposterous for any
one to suppose or think that money
was used to bribe the Councilmen to
vote for those franchises. We were
only too glad to have the opportunity
to do so. When the application was
first put in by Carr, A. W. Barrett ap
peared as his agent and general rep
resentative. At that time the members
of the Council were not informed as to
whether the franchise was being asked
for by parties who were in good faith.
Barrett, upon learning of this, asked
that some one be sent to San Francisco
to investigate. He said that he would
present parties who would give assur
ances that if the franchise was grant- \
ed there was capital on hand to build
the road. I was selected by the Council j
to make an investigation. At my own '■
expense I proceeded to San Francisco !
and remained there one week. While !
there I was for the first time presented i
to M. 11. Sherman. I met the McDon- |
aids, Mr. ("arr and several other par
ties whose names I d<s not now recall.
They assured me that all the capital
was secured that was needed, and that
if the franchise was granted work un- i
der its terms would commence immedi- j
s.tely. I became convinced that what j
these people told me was true, re
turned to Los Angeles and so reported j
to my confreres in the Council. The j
ordinance granting the franchise -was
then passed by a unanimous vote. The i
only opposition to it in this entire com- i
munity was from the cable road people, j
It did not cost any money to get every !
vote in the Council for this ordinance,
and I never before heard it intimated
that any money was spent for this pur
pose."
Henry T. Hazard, who was Mayor of
the city, and who vetoed the ordinance i
granting the franchise, was seen, and <
in explanation of his veto said: "I re- I
fused to sign it for the reason that I j
did not think the people of the cily had
had time to consider the value of the
franchise the Council was giving. Then, j
too, it paralleled the franchise of the
Cable Railway Company, and I did not I
think that It was just to the stockhold- |
ers in that corporation, who had in- '
vested their money, to give another
company the right to build a line that !
would divide the patronage. I vetoed
the ordinance, but no one ever at
tempted to bribe me or to unduly in
fluence me to sign it. It would have
been a sorry day for the misguided in- j
dividual who would have attempted it." j
F. M. Nickel!, D. McGarry. Daniel
Innes, Samuel Rees. Theodore Summer- i
land and W. H. Bonsall. members of j
th^ Council of 1891, which body passed
a number of ordinances granting fran
chiftefl on side streets to the Sherman '
Interests, were seen. All of these gen
tlemen Indignantly denied that any j
money consideration was paid to them ;
to secure favorable action on the ordi
nances in question.
Tames Brown represented the Seventh
Ward in the Council of 1890. He voted
for the Carr franchise. He was de
feated for re-election in December of j
1890, and when Sherman's road began |
operation he became a motorman. He |
has since continued In this service, and
is to this day engaged in that humble
capacity. He insists that he got his
position on his merits, and that the Job
was not mentioned at the time he voted
for the franchise.
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
Question of Its Acceptance Submit-
ted to a Board of Arbitration.
The Building and Finance Committees
of the Board of Education met !n the
Mission High School yesterday afternoon
to consider the acceptance of the new
institution of learning. There were pres
ent Directors Barrington, Waller, Galla
gher. Hammond and Burns. Architect
Charles Havens, Superintendent James
Fennel and Contractor Logan.
After a thorough investigation the build-
Ing was found to be complete except as
to the ventilating and heating apparatus,
which was let on an independent contract.
It was agreed that Contractor Logan had
complied with the specifications, but a
difference .of opinion existed between him
and Director Burns as to the amount of
debits and credits. Burns claiming that
the sum of $500 was due the city and Lo
gan a like amount to himself. After
some discussion it was decided to FUbmit
the matter to a board of arbitration, one
to be chosen by the committees, one by
Logan and the two so selected to choose a
third.
It is the intention of the directors to
request Samuel H. Kent, president of the
Builders' Exchange, to serve, but It is
not yet known whom Logan will select.
Saved His Clarionets.
Conductor Hlnrlchs of the Baldwin
orchestra counted himself fortunate in
Bavins from the hotel fire the remnants
of his valuable violin, but his joy does
not equal that of Caesar Caspar!, who
for years has played first clarionet in the
same place of amusement, besides exe
cuting occasional solos at the park and
in society concerts. Mr. Caspar!, on the
night of the fire, left two valuable in
struments in their leather covered case
under the stage of the Baldwin. They
werf* imported from Paris, and it is said
their equals cannot be found on the coast.
In searching the ruins of the theater the
case of instruments was recovered and,
to the delight of Signor Caspar!, his mu
sical treasures were uninjured.
"Will Become a Jewess.
Rabbi N. Mos'essohn will proselyte
Miss Jessie Rowena Taylor to the Jewish
faith in accordance with the traditional
orthodox rites in tne Congregation Cheora
Thelin at 7 o'clock this evening. After
the ceremony the rabbi t in unite the new
Jewess and Herman Cohen in matri
mony.
IS ANXIOUS TO DIE.
William Hedge Makes a Second At
tempt to End His Life.
AVilliam Hedge, a tinner living at 118
Sixth street, took a dose of Rough on
Rats last night, and was carried to the
Receiving Hospital in a dying condition.
Hedge was in love with a young lady
residing in this city, and the two were
to have been married next week. Mon
!ay afternoon he wrote to a relative In
Hedwood City, asking her to come to
this city and meet him at Geary and
Market streets, a« he wished to tell her
something of importance. They met iast
night, and Hedge asked her to accompany
him to hit- rooms. She went with him.
and waited outside while he went In. A
few minutes later he came running out
and exclaimed : "I have done it this
time." His friend refuses to give her
name, and sa-s she knows of no reason
why Hedge should take his life. He took
a dose of Roufh on Rats about six
months ago, but the doctors rallied him.
There is no hope of his recovery.
HARRY VANDALL A
COLLECTOR, MISSING
BELIEVED TO BE NOW IN PORT
LAND.
His Debts Were Many and His
Friends Say He Fled From
Creditors.
Harry Vandall. collector for the Cali
fornia Powder Works, is missing. He
is believed to be in Portland or some other
of the northern cities.
Vandall attended to his duties a week
ago last Saturday forenoon as usual and
started out again in the afternoon on a
collection trip. He did not return that
night, and his employers and friends have
seen nothing' of him since. Sunday a
friend of the young man purchased two
tickets for Portland, and upon this fact is
based the belief that he started north that
night. However, the friend is again in the
city
If'the charges made against him are
true Vandall is certainly the black sheep
of an excellent family. His two brothers
hold positions of trust and are highly
esteemed by business associates and social
acquaintances, while his widowed mother
is a member of one of the best-known
families in town.
Vandall has been in the employ of the
California Powder Company for six years,
and that officials of the company will take
no steps to bring him back indicates that
nis dereliction is not regarded by them as
serious. The statement is made by
friends that the only reason for the dis
appearance of Vandall is that he had be
come somewhat involved in debt and, har
assed by creditors, decided to find sump
new field temporarily. They confidently
expect him to return.
NOT MUCH OF A LOSS.
Captain Bermingham Has No Special
Regret for Destruction of Build
ings at the Powder Works.
In speaking of the" accident by which
several buildings at the California Pow
der Works were destroyed yesterday,
Captain Bermingham, president of the
company, said:
"Our loss is not as great as might at
first be supposed. We had a contract
with the Government for the manufac
ture of smokeless powder and a large
amount was ready for Immediate ship
ment. Fortunately for us a provision in
our contract provides for just such a
contingency as this, so that we will lose
nothing by a failure to provide the sup
ply within a stipulated time.
"Aside from our fosses there Is one
feature of which I am glad. These
burned buildings were erected in a hurry
as we secured contracts and they were
put up with little regard to order. Now
we can replace them properly and situ
ate them at a safe, distance one from
the other. The loss on the buildings
may foot up $30f>0 and that on the gun
cotton about $500. The machinery may
cost us anywhere from $3000 to $6000 and
over to replace. We shall begin work
immediately on rebuilding, so our 100
men will not be idle more than a month."
In Memory of Chief Whitney.
A meeting was held last night in the
hall of George H. Thomas Post, G. A.
R., to consider the subject of a monu
ment to Frank Whitney, a chief of the
Fire Department, whose remains now
rest along with those of Chief Scannell,
and Chief Kohler in Laurel Hill Ceme
tery The purpose of the meeting was
explained by A. J. Vining. The Frank
Whitney monument Association was or
ganized by the election of George Hallett
president Gus Pohlman secretary and
Captain 11. J. Burns treasurer. A com
mitted of arrangements was appointed
consisting of William Friend, H. J.
Burns Thomas Sawyer, Benjamin
Fchlos's and Christopher Cox. The next
meeting will be held at Ruby Hall. 320
Post street, Tuesday evening, Decem
ber 13.
Dr. Rosenau Departs.
r>r.Rosenau. United States Quarantine
Officer at this port, has been recalled to
Washington,- where he will resume his
old work in the bacteriological depart
ment. He expects to be sent to Cuba in
the Interests of science. His position
here as Federal Quarantine Officer will
be taken by Dr. Brooks of Port Town
send.
CLAIMS THE WEALTH
MADE IN CALIFORNIA
Missing Heir to the Estate Left by
Michael Franz Berberich Turns
Up in Pittsburg.
FITTSBtTRG, Pa., Nov. 29.— Franz Jo
seph Berberich, a notion dealer at 36
Lowry street, Allegheny, called at police
headquarters to-day and said he was the
missing heir of Michael Franz Berberich,
who died in San Francisco November 10,
leaving nearly 120,000 to his son Joseph.
The latter said he had been christened
Joseph Franz Berberich, but had changed
it to Franz Joseph. Mrs. Mary H. Ber
berich, his mother and the widow of the
deceased Californian, accompanied him
She had her marriage certificate and the
record of the birth of Joseph, who had
been baptized in St. Philomena's Church,
this city. The Californian left Pittsburg
thirty years ago to try his luck in the
coast gold fields. His family heard- from
him for a time, but his letters ceased.
Several years ago Mrs. Berberich heard
her husband was living in San Francisco.
When he died several weeks ago she re
ceived a telegram announcing his death.
Mayor Geyer advised Berberich to con
sult a lawyer, which h£ did. His counsel
will write* to San Francisco for particu
lars regarding the dead man's estate. All
that is known about it here Is a letter
received by Mayor Geyer asking him to
look up the heir.
GARDEN CITY WANTS
THE RAILROAD SHOPS
San Jose's Mayor and Council Will
Wait Upon Southern Pacific
Officials.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 29.— Mayor Martin and
the Common Council of this city will wait
upon the Southern Pacific Railroad offi
cials in the near future and ask that th«
railroad shops be located here. This ac
tion was decided upon at a meeting yes
terday. It is currently reported that
on the completion of the Santa Margarita
gap and the coast road next summer rail
road shops will be built somewhere be
tween San Francisco and Salinas. The
railroad company owns about thirty acres
on the westt-rn suburbs of the city that
are suitable for the purpose, and San
Joseans will try to induce the officials to
bring the shops here. Nothing will be
left undone in this direction, as the build
ing of the shops and the employment of
several hundred men would give an im
petus to Greater San Jose.
Bandsburg's Citizens' Committee.
RANDSBURG, Nov. 29.— The semi-an
nual election of the Citizens' Committee
last evening was well attended. The old
committee of twelve declined a unanimous
offer of re-election. As the principal fight
is generally made In the interest of some
aspirant for the position of night ™ ate "
man. the meeting was well divided, and
the voting by ballot was brisk. The fol
lowing were elected for the next six
months: J. R. Price. William Maher.
Joseph 0.-Endl, C. F. Lancaster, Dr. F.
Waite, Charles Orpin. G. C. Nebeker \-
R. Stevens, R. Callahan. Thomas Walker.
U. T: Tenny and J. H. Pearson.
m —
BONES OF A MISSING
MAN DISCOVERED
Mystery Veiling the Death of B. F.
Roberts of Shasta County
Cleared.
REDDING, Nov. 29.— The skeleton of
B. F. Roberts, who lost his way and per
ished in a snowstorm over a year and a
half ago, was found on Saturday by two
bear hunters in a canyon leading to Pit
River, some thirty miles from Redding.
Two years ago next March Roberts left
his home at Roberts Station, east of this
city, to institute a lodge of Patriots of
America at Montgomery Creek, about
thirty miles distant. He was on horse
back, and at Benjamin Jenkins' place, in
stead of taking the toll road, he turned off
upon what is known as the Backbone
road That was the last time he was seen
alive. A heavy snowstorm set in, night
came on and he lost his way and perished.
For weeks after his disappearance the
country was searched by as many as thir
ty men at a time. The horse was found,
dead, but not a trace of the rider.
Roberts was a pensioner, In receipt of J.,i
per quarter. The day before he left on
his mission to Montgomery Creek he re
ceived his quarterly check from the Sub-
Treasurer's office in San Francisco, and
from that day to this the widow, with a
large family and sorely in need of the
money, was unable to have the check
cashed because she could not prove her
husband dead.
Roberts was an educated man, widely
known in this county and of splendid rep
utation. He had taught school here and
elsewhere and had served a term as depu
ty postmaster of Redding under the late
J. N. Major. The later years of his life
were devoted to farming.
With proof of her husband's death the
widow will now not only receive the mon
ey long overdue, but be speedily granted a
pension dating back to the time of her
husband's disappearance.
TWO REBELLIONS .
HAVE BEEN QUELLED
Order Restored and Tranquility Pre-
vails in San Salvador and
Uruguay.
PANAMA, Colombia, Nov. 25.— The Her-
ald's correspondent in San Salvador ca
bles that order has been completely re
stored in that State, the rebel uprising
having been quelled and all departments
having submitted to the Provisional Gov
ernment established by Senor Tomas
Regalado.
MONTEVIDEO.Argentina, Nov. 29.— The
movement of rebels from Brazil has been
defeated by troops sent to the frontier,
and there seems to be no further dan
ger to the peace of the country. The peo
ple and the army are giving full support
to the Government.
CHOATE TO GET
THE ENGLISH MISSION
President Said to Have Made Up His
Mind to Tender It to
Him.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: I am reliably
Informed the President has practically
made up his mind to tender tno British
Embassadorshlp to Joseph Choate of New
York.
STRICKEN WITH PARALYSIS.
Postmaster Jones of Spreckels in a
Precarious Condition.
SALINAS, Nov. 29.— Charles Jones, re
cently appointed Postmaster at Spreckels.
was stricken hy paralysis last night, and
as he Is 68 years old his recovery is doubt
ful. Pie is the owner of a large ranch in
Mendocino County, and came here ten
months ago to take a position as general
timekeeper at the sugar factory. He is
prominent in Masonic circles.
Postal Delivery for Vallejo.
VAL.KEJO. Nov. 29.— Vallejo will have
free postal delivery next July. The gross
revenue entitles the town to such ser
vice. The population Is sufficiently large
to employ four carriers.
Not Stanford's Varsity Team.
RENO, Nov. 29.— 1n justice to the Var-
OF INTERES T
TO BUYERS.
Pnrebasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
ported. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In C.rre«pon<iiag With Any »f tht TtUfwing firms Platse Xeatioa "Th« ML?
ART WARE AND ANTIQUB FURNITURE. !
THE P. ROSSI C 0.,:
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
I.IT 6UTTER BTREET. \
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
Vflt- SCHOENlNG.^'^'ro^w^ 8 ' uppMed -
BELTINO. . *
Ln fIEfiFN Manufacturer of Beitlncr nnd
r. l/EUCn, LaC9 Leather. 105.107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
bo:ler MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
. ' W. . J. BRADY, Proprietor. '
Special 'Attention' Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Offio» and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
. . Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS. AND STATIONERY.
THE SAH FRANCISCO SEWS
342 to 350 Oenry Street. Abore Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RRIFN ft Maker « and Dealers in
DKICn tt jUn^Landaus, Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
et., San Francisco. ■
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market «t.
COAL. COKB AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
000 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564. .
• . • COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO.. practical coppersmiths,
mfr s of sheet copper and tubing, improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415' Miasion «t.. near First;
ail work guaranteed. ' ;
DENTIST. •■ ;" •',..-■
DR. C W RICHARTK 47 poBt Sin **-
I»A' V- W. AILIIAKUJ, SE. corner Kearny.
FIRE INSURANCB,
. EDWARD BROWN & SO*B.
_ , A .i^U California street, rear. "'-
Capital Repreßented...... over $14,000,000
. FRESH. AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES It Cfl Shipping Butchers, 104
JAJ. UMILJ tt \Af v ciay. Tel. Main 1294.
' ■'-.: HARDWARE,
DALACE Hardware Co. .lmporters* Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkin at., S F '
Wholesale and ' Retail Manufacturers of - ali
kinds of Harness and - Dealers ln Buggies
Carts, etc If you want bargains call or write'
sitv football team of Stanford. Manager
Nelson H. Bruette of the .University Of
Nevada eleven wishes to correct. th;e im
pression that has gone forth that it wna
the Stanford Varsity team which the Ne
vadans defeated on Saturday by a score
of 22 to 0. The vanquished team was
Stanford's second ele*ven.
CONVICTS ROB ONE
OF THEIR FELLOWS
San Quentin Prisoner Attacked ty
Three Others Who Thought He
Carried Opium.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Nov. 29.-
Driven to desperation by their cravings
for opium and seemingly reckless of the
severe punishment to be visited upon
them, in case of detection, three convict*
fell upon one of their number whom they
suspected of being in possession of a
quantity of the drug
him to the ground and nfled his POpketa
of their contents whrle several of the
guards stood around the corner or a
building not over thirty feet away me
boldnese of the deed has astounded the
officers, for it Is the tirst instance in
which footpads have been known to roi
low their calling inside the prison walls
For three months owing to the vigilance
exercised by Warden Hale and Captain
Birlem opium has been so scarce inside
the walls that its use has been confined
to a few members of what is known to
the inmates of the "inner circle.'
Sunday several guards were attract
ed by the rounds of a struggle around
the corner of a building, and rushing to
the spot, found Frank Calmel, who is
serving a life sentence for a murder
committed In Kern County lying prone
upon the ground and nearly senseless.
Ah soon as he was able to talk he ex
plained that he had been set upon from
behind by three convicts. One choked
him another held his arms while the
third rifled his pockets. Ihen he was
stunned by a blow on the head. As the
malefactors mlnglod with the other pris
oners after the assault and their facea
were not seen by Calniei he could give
no clue to their identity and the officials
have not been able to lay. hands upon
them. t'almel refuses to admit that any
opium was' obtained by his assailants.
NEVILLS FIGURES
IN A MINING SUIT
Complications in Connection With the
the Affairs of the Moore Min
ing Company.
SAN ANDREAS, Nov. 29.— 1n the Supe
rior Court of Calaveras County yesterday
was commenced the suits of William A.
Nevills against the Moore Mining Com
pany and that of Henry T. Williams
against Nevills and others. The two
cases are being tried as one before Judge
Gottschalk.
Captain NevMs, who is part owner of
the Moore mine, sues for salary as su
perintendent. He asks that his claim be
made a lien against the property.
Williams sues Nevills nmi his associates
to have the title to the Moore mine de
termined, the property sold and the sum
realized divided among the owners.
After the usual motions to-day Captain
Nevills took the witness stand and told
what he thought the services of a min
ing superintendent were worth. He placed
the figure at from $1W to 1300 a month.
Among the Joint defendants with Nevills
are John P. Jones, William Fleming and
E. C. Voorhtes.
Hancock Goes to Prison.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 25*.— John Hancock.
the alleged murderer of Dr. Engelke and
Edminston on the desert in Southern
Nevada, was t< -day sentenced to ten
years in San Quentln by Judge Ballard
lor burglary committed here three years
ago.
Bedding Votes Against Bonds.
REDDING, Nov. 29.— 1n the election to
day the proposition to bond the town for
$7000 to buy a new fire engine failed. On
account of recent fires insurance rates
have been raised on nearly all buildings
from 25 to 75 per cent.
New Receiver Named.
PAN DIEGO, Nov. 2f>— W. J. Cook of
9ar. Bernardino has been appointed re
ceiver of the defunct COfT»ol><lated Na
tional and California National banks, vie©
the late A. J. O'Connor, whose death oc
curred last ni^ht.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■ . Tuesday, November 2*.
Stmr Grace Dollar; Foson. 21 houra from
Heal, bound south; -put ln to balance cargo. -.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Nov [30 — Etmr
Trave, • f rbm New York, for Bremen. ■■ ■x^i'Sm
. .♦ « r^— ■' ; .; ■*5 •
Lichens have been found growing on .
the Himalayas at an elevation of 17,000
feet. . , . ' ' , • . / .
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS. : . ; ' " :. V "
OlI&IO •' Hunters* Equipments,. Fishing; -
li!lnl\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send . °
UUIIO for" catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.'
w " w 139 Market street. •. • .'•"..-' : ■■-.'• ".
■ IRON FOUNDERS. .••• ' ..."
Western Foundry,- Morton Hedtey. Prot>%.
234 Fremont St. Castlnsrs of ETery ■■: °
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black ; 1503.. " C
•"■-.,;. . MANUFACTURERS. "; " : " ■•••.. '
GOLDEN 'GATE WOOLEN MFC. CO. ' ..
Manufacture- Blankets,' Cassime'res, -Tweeds: and
Flannels, 635 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading .cry-goods Stores. ' :
MARINE INSURANCE. ' --. •"■
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES. ,
Combined Capital,- $4,000,000.-
i ,3^ BYZ St. CO:.' Agents, • 1\
.- '.--;' • -■ '• SOI California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS. " ,
THF RFRNHARI) Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
HIC DCnnilAKtl Bt . Telephone ; Main. 1674.
~~ PAPER DEALERS. ' •.• : '
WILLAMFTTF P LP AND PAPE co -
TTILLHmCI IL 722 Montgoniery Straat. - c
• ' PIANOS. r^~ r .- /
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock. -° „ .
r»IflLISO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
• .- 28 and 30- O'Farreli st. • i°> o .
A corps of expert tuner.s and repairers. ■•" c ;
• PRINTINQ. . '•-... '. '.
F CHIinHF^ : PRINTER.
1^- W- HUIinCQ. 511 sansome, street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T^ oo d r phlc PARTRIDGE
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.; 828 23 p F °^ t st
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the . .
BLACK DIAMOND. COAL MINING CO at IU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES •
Is the Best .Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street. .
" * TYPEWRITERS. . ."• '•
•'^^w-.'All Typewriters Rented.;
Sg=s3*sJ» Few partly used for sale cheap..
j|||Pgi% AGENTS SMITH 'PftEMIER.
L. & M. ALEXANDER.
-^^^^» •-• 110 : Mon.tgpmery . street.-"
s WALLPAPER. . ' •
WHOLESALE & retail; send for sai-nples, atat- "
Ing quality A color. DUFFY CO.. S2B Howard. J
. WAREHOUSEMEN. =. .
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.. „ °
Forw-ardlng Agents and Publip Weighers. "Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen- °
eral office, 210 California st-., Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
T I FTNIIY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
1- LUHUI, fu n IS-k. Wedding Rings. 43d 5t. ...
WOOD AND IVORY TURNINQ. .'■',.
C. ]F. HAAS, ' mf r wood articles, any descrip- °
tion. Flar.ing, turning. 417 Miasion. tel. M. 53«- ,DELVING INTO
FERRY DEPOT
CONSTRUCTION
Story of the Tower
Bracing Rods.
WHERE DID THE IRON GO?
RISDON IRON WORKS BLAMES
THE ARCHITECT.
Expert Reid Holds That the Depot
Roof, Improperly Riveted,
Is Now Going to
Pieces.
The Senate inquiry to ascertain
•what amount the State was defrauded
In the construction of the ferry building
was resumed yesterday morning at the
office of the Harbor Commissioners. Sen
ators Dickinson, Prisk and 3oyce at
tended the session. Commissioners Col
non and Harvey and Howard Holmes,
chief engineer of the board, paid close
attention to the inquiry.
E. B. Young, attorney representing
Contractor Cronan, applied to Expert
James W. Reid for lurther information
concerning the data on' which the report
of the expert was ba;sed. Mr. Reid re
plied readily and intelligently to the line
of questions, and was not obliged to re
cede in any degree from the calculations
or conclusions of his report.- • After a
number of preliminary questions
about roofing had been answered- Mr.
Young put a leading question which elic
ited a reply to the effect that. the roof of
the ferry building was not a, good job—
that a sufficient number of rivets was
not put in to hold the galvanized iron
and the roof was now coming to pieces
at the skylights. •• ... ;
Senator Dickinson called .for • specifica
tions in regard to riveting, ami when
they were produced it .was made clear
that the rivets were not to be more thaa
three inches apart. '■■'■ ■ L ' . ,
Mr Young asked if the expert had ever
known of such, close riveting of corru
gated iron. Mr. Reid without a trace of
impatience suggested that the inquiry
was not pertinent. y" ' • . .
Mr young— fall back on the speci
fications? ;. '•■ '■ ' , " . -
Mr. Reid— There is nothing else to fall
'captain \V.--'H. Taylor of the ' Risdon
Iron Works sat alongside of -Architect
Swain during the better part of the af
ternoon session. Mr Reid, the "Senators,
Commissioners" and spectators were the
quiet witnesses of a little controversy or
conflict of opinion between the represen
tative of the Risdon Works and the su
pervising, architect, Mr.. Swain. General
Dickinson did not interfere to , abridge
the right to free speech. . Expert Reid
said nothing as the little exchange of
views vividly verified', the .accuracy of
Tn xplanation of certain changes Cap
tain Taylor remarked that there was a
misfit in the construction of the building.
and that the superstructure did not fit the
ground plan. He. said. .he did not know
where the fault rested. ... ' •■'
When the subject- of . tower braces or
tie rods was reached Architect Swain in
dicated that -the .fault in respect, for
which the Staie.had to. pay $1449, should be
charged to": the Kisdon Iron Works. Then
Captain Taylor remarked, "I had intended
not to reopen this controversy, but since
you have ... aed it.. Mr. Swain, I am
here >to repel any. -assault on the Risdon
Iron Works.-"-' •.'• " • '• " ; -'-
Then more, light was -thrown on the
changes. [1 Was brought .out • . that the
original plans' provided for inside braces
or rods. As the. work progressed the
nlans were ich=ahged ta'place the. rods out
side, but the further progress of con
struction. ••' 'made it necessary to again
change and -put the braces inside.
Senator = Dickinson suggested that some
one in charge must have authorized the
changes. ./••' • ." •..•' ''•'■'■ ' -
Captain Taylor made an extended ex
planation.' In. substance he said:
"There must have been fifty shop draw
ings of this work: They were sent here,
and the supervising architect approved
all of them.-. He claims now that he
hardly looked them, and as a matter of
form signed them."- Turning to the su
pervising architect. Captain Taylor said:
"Mr. Swain, you have brought, all of this
on yourself." • . * •'".".
Mr. Swain replied that he would have
something to Say himself. Thereupon he
read some letters addressed to the Risdon
Iron Works- calling attention . to the re
quirements ..of the specifications and
plans. ' :" • • '■';■■■ '.- VSR
Captain Taylor insisted that the letters
were written after the mischief was done.
Senator Dickinson maintained .that as the
amount claimed by the Risdon. people had
been paid by the State, that the con
troversy was settled in so far iisthe iron
firm was concerned. • • : - : ..
The inquiry • then branched off .to- roof
rods of some kind. Captain Taylor said
there was an increase of the cost by rea
son of putting them : in. The architect
authorized their omission, but Chief En
gineer Holmes" dissented. The Board of
Harbor Commissioners sustained the en
gineer. Chief Engineer Holmes remarked
in explanation that he demonstrated to
the board by ' a practical : test that the
rods were necessary. , :'. .-='.
Four windows .then engage^ the atten
tion of the committee. The Risdon Iron
Works insisted that they were not obliged
to put them it. It'was contended that the
drawings did not demand the windows
and the specifications' afforded no light
on the subject. - : - •" "
Mr. Swain said he decided to allow on
a compromise basis the sum of $600 for
the windows. Mr. Reid adhered to the
contention, of the expert report .that the
Fpecifications required the Risdon people
to furnish the 'windows. ;
Captain Tay.lor, who was obviously anx
ious to get away to attend to other af
fairs, was ■somewhat reluctant to .leave
without a ' clean bill of " health for- the
Risdon works, so he framed a g.eneral
question to Mr. Reid.' He asked if in the
■judgment of Mr. Rei-d .the Risdon Iron
Works had not performed its contract
in good faith to the State.' -. :'
Mr. Reid was" hot quite carried away
by the blandishments of- the captain,, so
he qualified an affirmative answer with a
suggestion that : some of the '.iron was
pretty rough. •• • . . "
Captain Taylor folded his " papers, re
marking that the iron, though rough, was
strong, and that 200,000 pounds of iron in
excess of contract requirement had been
supplied. ••—..".'■.
Mr. Swain, directed to Mr. Reid certain
inquiries regarding window screens in the
Claus Bpreckels building and in the new
residence of. Claus Spreckels. The pur
pose ...i ; to- sJiow that Mr. Reid in his
capacity as architect was- mistaken as to
the value of. certain metal contrivances
to shield windows. •
ili Swain will go on the witness stand
to-day to explain why changes were made
in the original plans of the ferry build
ing and to Indicate by whom the changes
were authorized. .• •. ,'-
THE TULAHE DEPOT.
Peacock & Halliday Awarded the
Contract for the Building of It.
Th«- chief business of importance trans
acted yesterday by the board of directors
of the S.an Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railroad was the awarding of the
ron tract for the building of the Tulare
depot. The firm of peacock & Malliday of
this city whs given the work.
The depot is to be of brick and similar
in construction. to the one at Bakersneld
and other points along the line of the
road. Its construction will be commenced
immediately, and it will be pushed to com
pletion within the next three months.
The depot w\U b<- of the combination pas
senger and freight kind, and will be
equipped with the most modern railway
devices of comfort and convenience.
Beferees Get Tlieir Fees.
A. S. Baldwin* G. H. Umbsen and Robert
J. Mercer, referees appointed to partition
the estate of. the late J. P. Treadwell,
were awarded $5000 each as compensation
for their services by Judge Seawell yes
terday.
CLOSE FINISH OF AN OCEAN RUN.
The barkentine W. H. Dimond and the bark Martha Davis sailed from Honolulu for this port within half an
hour of each other, sailed over 2000 miles to gether, and yet never sighted each other until they reached the Golden
Gate. The Dimond arrived at 2 p. m. yesterday, and half an hour later the Davis dropped anchor alongside of her
off Lombard street wharf.
DIMOND AND
MARTHA DAVIS
KEPT COMPANY
Sailed From Honolulu
the Same Hour.
ARRIVED SIMULTANEOUSLY
DID NOT SPEAK EACH OTHER
DURING THE VOYAGE.
Harry S. Scott Out for Chief Wharf
inger — Indorsed by the Lum
ber Merchants and Iro
quois Club
The bark Martha Davis and barkentlne
TV. H. Dimond have been having a quiet
little race all to themselves. They left
here within a few days of each other for
Honolulu, and while the Davis is an easy
winner on the round trip, the Dimond
wins the race from Honolulu here by an
I hour. The Dimond sailed from Hawaii at
I 1:30 p. m. on the 10th lnst. arid arrived
! here at 2 p. m. yesterday, while the Davis
! sailed half an hour earlier and arrived
half an hour later. Both vessels sailed in
and came to an anchor within a few hun
dred yards of each other. From the time
they parted company off Diamond Head
until they met again off the Golden Gate
neither vessel was sighted from the other,
and each captain thought the other was
in port.
The barkentine Irmgard, however, boat
both the Davis and Dimond. She left here
several days after them and sailed from
Honolulu three days after them and still
made port the first of the trio.
The arrival of the Martha Davis
brought joy to the hearts of the reinsur
ance gamblers. On the 25th inst., in lati
tude 37.10 north longitude 132 west, she
spoke the overdue British ship Scottish
Hills The latter vessel is now out 188
days from Hamburg for San Francisco,
and 10 per cent reinsurance was paid on
her yesterday morning. The first thing
Captain Blackmore of the British vessel
asked was "How is the war getting
along?" When Captain Frils of the Davis
signaled back "All over. Spain, whipped,"
| the Britisher at once replied "Glad to
' hear It."
Another vessel that got in yesterday
after a good run was the French bark
Jeanne d'Arc, 59 days from Newcastle,
N. S. W. She beats into port such fast
ones as the British ship Cardiganshire,
now out C 2, and the French bark Jules
! Verne, 69 days from Australia.
There should be some close finishes
i among the coasting steamers due to
morrow. No less than fifteen of them are
[due from various ports, so the Merchants'
| Exchange reporter will have a busy time.
' The EHhu Thomson, Charles Nelson and
! Washtenaw will be due from Puget
Sound, the Columbia from Portland, the
' Arcata and Empire from Coos Bay, the
Navarro and Weeott from Yaquina Bay,
the Ruth and Cleone from Tillamook, the
Aloha and. Point Arena from Point Arena,
the Chilkat from Eureka, the Orizaba
from San Pedro and the Gipsy from Santa
Cruz. As storm signals have been ordered
displayed along the Oregon and Washing
ton coasts, some of these vessels will have
a rough time of it.
One of the deckhands on the river
pteamer Alviso had a narrow escape from
drowning yesterday. The boat was back
ing away from the wharf, when he stum
bled and fell heavily against the rail.
Luckily, when he went over part of the
rail went with him and to it he clung like
grim death. Captain Pike of the State
tug Governor Irwin saw the accident and
threw the struggling man a rope. He was
soon hauled aboard the Irwln and in a
few minutes was back on the Alviso and
the Bteamer continued hf>r run to Alviso.
The fight for the position of Chief
Wharfinger, which will soon be made va
cant by the resignation of George W.
Root, has begun in earnest. Half a dozen
candidates are out for the place, but no
one has been more prominently mentioned
than Harry S. Scott, the present Assist
ant Chief Wharfinger. Yesterday the lum
ber merchants and ship-owners on the
front sent in a very strong petition ask
ing the Harbor Commissioners to appoint
him to the place, and a similar one was
presente-d from the Iroquois Club. He
was also indorsed by the Democratic
State Central Committee, and, among oth
ers, by Congressman James G. Maguire.
Mr. Scott has made a most efficient As
sistant Chief and is a general favorite on
the water front.
The O. and O. Company's steamer Cop
tic sailed for Hawaii, Japan and China
yesterday crowded with passengers and
freight. Many of those in the cabin are
bound for Honolulu, showing that the
travel to the Paradise of the Pacific is
growing rapidly. The barks Alden Bes
se and Roderick Dhu, which are to sail
in a few days for Hawaii, will have all
the passengers they can accommodate,
and a number of people who wanted to
take passage on thf-m i.aye been com
pelled to wait for other vessels.
The transport Zealandia arrived at Ma
nila from San Francisao yesterday.
The ship Edward O'Brien will go from
here to Puget Sound to load coal for Hon
olulu. At Honolulu she will load sugar
for New York.
The British shfp Balmoral, that was
badly damaged off the Horn In a colli
sion with the British ship Glenericht,
went to the Union Iron Works yesterday
for repairs.
The transport Tacoma is being got
ready to take another load of mules and
horses to Manila. Nearly all the animals
have arrived from the East and as soon
as the ship is loaded they will be put
aboard On the last occasion the Taco
ma's donkey engine and condenser were
too small. This mistake bas been recti
fied and there Is no fear of the animals
being short of water before Manila is
The torpedo boat destroyer Farragut
will have another trial on the bay to
morrow. ___________
ELOPED FROM PITTSBURG.
An Angry Father Follows a Run
away Couple to This City and
Wants the Man Punished.
Valentine Piazza arrived in the city
yesterday morning from Plttsburg, Pa., In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
search of his daughter, Mrs. Anjrelo Can
cilia, who eloped from her home in Pitts
burg on November 2 with Michael Toma
selli, a barber. Mrs. Can cilia is 1 years
of age. and left her husband and - ree
young children, taking her eldest girl with
her. Tomaselli left a wife and child be
hind him. ,_ _ .
The police in Pittsburg were notified of
the elopement, and a description of the
runaways was sent broadcast, a reward
of $25 being offered for information as to
their whereabouts. Piazza learned that
they had come to this city, ani imme
flint.lv followed them. He soon ascer
tained that they were living at Green and
Dupont streets, and he called t..ere ana
saw his daughter. She promised to return
with him and take her daughter with her,
but her father wanted Tomaselli punished,
and went to police headquarters.
He was unable to obtain a warrant, out
promised to be in one of the police courts
this morning for that purpose, and mean
time if Tomaselli attempts to leave the
city he will arrest him and take him to
the City Prison. He alleges that loma
selli not only took his daughter but »000
which belonged to her husband. All he
wants is to get Tomaselli back to Pitts
burg, and for that purpose he is willing
to defray all expenses.
JABBED WITH A PITCHFORK.
A Special Officer Attacked Savagely
by Three Scavengers.
Special Officer Trade, who Is employed
by the Crematory Company, was the com
plaining witness against three scavengers
yesterday in Judge Mogan's court, two on
charges of battery and one for assault to
murder.
Saturday afternoon Trade found the
three men dumping garbage at Lone
Mountain and placed them under arrest.
One of them. Louis Staganoro, seized a
pitchfork and jabbed Trade on the knee
with the prongs and then broke It over
his back. The other two pelted him with
rocks and he was forced to retire van
quished. He swore to warrants for their
arrest Monday morning.
Staganoro was charged with assault to
murder and Caesar and Luigi Devincenzi
£itn t>atterv. Trade thought that Caesar
had surrendered himself Monday to save
his brother and was under the impression
it was a case of personation, but Luigl
was arrested yesterday and he saw that
he was mistaken. In the battery cases a
iurv trial has been demanded, and the
felony charge has been continued for a
week.
DEADLY DYNAMITE
IN A MAIL POUCH
ALARMING DISCOVERY IN THE
SAN FRANCISCO POSTOFFICE.
Believed to Have Been Placed There
by the Lunatic Dwyer, Who
Annoyed the Turkish
Consul.
An employe of the main postofflce found
! last Sunday in the waste pouch a stick of
explosive gelatine large cough to blow the
Postofflce building and the Custom House
i into splinters. It was labeled "Repaumo
! Gelatine; 60 per cent Nitro Glycerine.
i Made by Repaumo Chemical Co., In WII
j mington, Del."
The alarming discovery was at once
| communicated to Superintendent Cox,
j who reported the matter to Inspectors
; Munro and Erwin. They found thaf the
; explosive was of the same kind and make
as the sticks of dynamite sent through the
mails some time ago to Mr. Hall, the Con
sul for Turkey in this city, by an insane
young man named Dwyer, whose resi
dence is supposed to be in Butte, Mont.
i Dwyer left Montana before the officers
| could catch him, and he is roaming about
in some unknown quarter of the country.
The inspectors do not know whether the
package was mailed with a wrapper and
i an address or not. If wrapped and address
ed the wrapper came off in transit and was
lost. For this reason it is impossible to
learn whether the explosive was mailed
from this city or some other place. In the
waste riuch are dumped waste paper and
newspap* vs that cannot be forwarded, and
the stick, of dynamite was caV-lessly
dumped into the pouch by some postofflce
employe, though why it should have es
caped the vigilance of the postal clerk*
handling the mall Is strange.
Mr. Erwin has taken charge of the dead
ly explosive and will dump ft in the bay or
explode it In some isolated spot in the
country. He has no doubt that the stick
was mailed by Dwyer.
D. W. Hitchcock Returns.
General Passenger Agent D. \V. Hitch
cock of the Union Pacific has returned
from a two weeks' visit to Omaha. He
says the company's freight office will be
conducted Independently of the passenger
office. General Freight Agent Schu
macher, who recently resigned, has been
replaced by W. H. Davenport of Los An
geles, who will assume the duties of the
office in the future.
To Spot the Fraud.
TV. M. Rice, United States Commissioner
of Immigration at Victoria, left on the
steamer Coptic yesterday as the secret
agent of the Government to investigate
the manner in which Japanese and Chi
nese coolie laborers are imported into Ha-
and Japan. Mr. Rice will also visit Hong
kong and Yokohama for the same pur
pose.
AD VEBTISEMi^i. B.
(-■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■•<
Latest News From
• Devils Island.
!■■•■/ . ■ ■ - . . .
The Special Envoy of the Paris Matin, in his detailed re-
port (Oct. 28, 1898), of his visit to ex-Captain Dreyfus, gives the
list of "Little Wan.s" which the prisoner sends in monthly to
civilization, among- which was a request for
2 bottles Sunyadi Jaios
Natural Aperient Water.
This proves that, although cut off from civilization for 4
years, the ex-Captain still remembered the name of
The Best Natural Laxative Water.
NOT IN HASTE
TO GIVE OUT
THE OFFICES
Governor-Elect Gage
Resists Pressure.
PUBLIC BUSINESS FIRST
APPOINTMENTS CAN WAIT ON
LEGISLATIVE WORK.
Subject of Patronage May Not Be
Considered Until Early in the
Month of February
Next.
Governor-elect Henry T. Gage did not
do any more work yesterday than the
law required. He greeted personal friends
and supporters, listened to suggestions
and took good care not to promise spe
cial favors. During the past few days
he has resisted great pressure to induce
him to signify a choice among numer
ous applicants for certain places.
Touching the subject of appointments
to office he said last night:
"1 intend to take time to consider the
merits of applicants in order to get men
capable of rendering the best service to
the State. Before I make any appoint
ments other than those immediately con
nected with the orpanizatlon of the ex
ecutive office I shall go to Los Angeles
and put my law office affairs in shape
so I can reside in Sacramento. Some
time will be required to consider my in
augural address and then 1 want to rest
for a few days before the inauguration.
My idea therefore is that the appoint
ments can be deferred until a month or
so after the Legislature convenes. Time
must be given to consideration of leg
islative matters and other public affairs.
In my judgment the public business
should be attended to first."
The Governor-elect did not make choice
of a dwelling house during his recent visit
to Sacramento, and it is not settled now
whether he will board or keep house dur
ing the next session of the Legislature.
He will probably visit Sacramento again
before going there to take office. On the
next visit ne may be accompanied by
his private secretary, W. I. Foley.
To-day Governor-elect Gage will meet
several State Senators at their request
to talk over certain topics having refer
ence to reports of public institutions.
THE FIGHT STILL ON.
More Women Arrested in Bacon Place
by Secretary Kane.
Secretary Kane, for the prosecution,
and Attorneys Ach and Rothschild, for
the defense, spent the greater portion of
last night in Bacon place, the former en
gaged in arresting the inmates of the
alley, and the latter seeing that those ar
rested were released on bonds.
Twenty-two warrants were issued by
Judge Conlan yesterday, and all of these
were served during the night. Twenty
were for women who were charged with
keeping houses of ill-fame, and two for
the men owning the property, who were
charged with letting tenements for im
moral purposes. All were immediately re
leased on bail, the bonds of the men be
ing $H)00, and those of the women $300—
reduced from $1000. The warrants, with
the exception of one, contained the names
the women had given at the station when
arrested previously on the charge of va
grancy. The exception was a Jane Doe
warrant for a woman named Lillie, whose
real name could not be learned by Secre
tary Kane.
Attorneys Ach and Rothschild were on
hand when Kane and Officers Coleman
and Clark, detailed to serve the war
rants, arrived at the alley, and the
women were surrendered to the police
without any trouble.
The five women arrested Monday night
for keeping houses of ill-fame in Bacon
place, and the two men arrested for let
ting tenements for immoral purposes, ap
peared in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
and the cases were continued till this
morning, when Attorney Ach will ask for
a change of venue in all the cases.
Festival of Holidays.
The Westminster Presbyterian Church,
corner of Page and Webster streets, will
hold a "Festival of Holidays" for two
days— Thursday and Friday, December 1
and 2 — afternoons and evenings. There
will be a fine entertainment each evening
given by some of the best talent of this
city. The festival will be patriotic in
character, as all the American holidays
wil be represented, and a novel and strik
ing affair is promised by the management
AN EXECUTIVE
MANSION MAY
BE PROVIDED
Governor Budd Will
Aid the Project.
PETTY RIVALRY MUST CEASE
NEED OF OFFICIAL SOCIAL LIFE
AT SACRAMENTO.
Important Meeting of Republican
Members of the San Francisco
Delegation to the Next
Assembly.
One of the last acts of Governor
Budd's administration will have to do
with a matter in which every person in
the State, men and women alike, are
more or less interested. It is the pro
viding of an executive mansion at Sac
ramento for the use of the executive
head of the State government.
During the past quarter of a century
the question of providing a suitable
place of residence for the Governor and
his family has been agitated, and al
ways with the same result: Failure of
definite action.
The people of Sacramento believe,
and the people resident in other parts
of the State expect, that the Governor
should not only be the head of the of
ficial life at the Capital, but he should
also be the head of the social life as
well. It is proper and fitting that the
chief executive of a gTeat and wealthy
State should entertain in a manner be
fitting his position, and that his per
sonal establishment should be in all
respects up to the standard of social
excellence demanded by his position in
the official life of the State.
Conditions as they now exist have
forced a majority of the Governors of
this State to leave Sacramento out of
the question as a place of residence, or,
if accepted at all, to accept with the
best grace possible the makeshift ac
commodations of the private boarding
house. Official social life has thus be
come a thing unknown in the capital
city, and because of it the dignity of
each administration has suffered.
The administration just coming to a
close has been a striking example of
this, and none have been better aware
of the fact than Governor Budd. He,
like many of his predecessors in office,
has felt a delicacy about advocating
the building or purchase of an execu
tive mansion during his term of office,
for fear that he might lay himself liable
to the unjust criticisms of ungenerous
persons. He, like others, did not care
to have it said of him that his advocacy
of such an innovation was due to selfish
motives.
Notwithstanding this the need of a
proper and permanent place for the
personal establishment of successive
Governors is as great as is the neces
sity of the place that has been pro
vided for their official household. Meas
ures have been set on foot from time to
time to supply this need, but in almost
every instance the object has been de
feated by petty jealousies arising from
the selection of sites or the rivalries of
selfish real estate agents and local
boom promoters.
Governor Budd has intimated that he
believes it to be his duty to make this
subject a part of his final message to
the Legislature. Such a recommenda
tion would no doubt meet with the ap
proval of the lawmaking body, and if
no difficulties were encountered ample
provision would probably be made for
the practical realization of the scheme.
It therefore seems to rest with the resi
dents of Sacramento to assist the pro
ject by concerted and unanimous ac
tion, for if the same obstacles are en
countered In the future as have been
in the past it is quite possible that of
ficial social life in the capital city will
be a thing unknown for many years to
come.
Ten Republican members of the San
Francisco delegation to the Assembly
held a meeting last night and tran
sacted such preliminary business as is
necessary to the proper representation
of this city in the lower house of
the Legislature. Those present were:
Charles F. Keneally, L,. A. Devoto, Wil
liam H. Cobb, A. H. Merrill, W. H.
Rickard, Henry W. Miller, Henry C.
Dibble, L. A. Henry, Fred Lundquist
and M. H. Barry. The only absent
member was Eugene Sullivan.
It was proposed to select the chair
man of the San Francisco delegation,
and William H. Cobb and Henry C.
Dibble were placed in nomination for
the position. A vote was taken and re
sulted in Cobb receiving seven votes
and Dibble three. No announcement
was made and it was decided to post
pone final action on the proposition un
til Monday evening, when another
meeting will be held, and it is hoped
the full delegation will be present.
REGULARS FOR MANILA.
War Department Will Believe Volun
teer Troops Now in the Phil
ippines.
The War Department has decided to re
place the volunteer troops who are now
in the Philippines with regular soldiers.
An order has been issued to mobilize the
Second, Third, Fourth, Seventh, Thir
teenth, Sixteenth and Twentieth Infantry
at Omaha for the purpose of equipping
them for service in the tropics. These
regiments have all been in the Cuban
campaign, and are now scattered through
out the country. They are recruited to
their full strength, and number nearly
9000 men.
The volunteer regiments which sailed
on the first two expeditions— First Cali
fornia, First Oregon, First Colorado and
Thirteenth Minnesota— will be relieved as
soon as the regulars reach Manila, which
will be about the middle of February. The
advance guard will reach here before Jan
uary 1. The steamer Scandia, now on the
way to this port from Manila, will
probably carry the first detachment. The
regiments will be sent here one at a time
and placed on transports without delay.
As soon as Congress passes the bill for
the enlargement of the artny an additional
force of 10,000 regulars will be ordered to
the Philippines. Army officers estimate
that it will take at least 20,000 men to
maintain order in our new possessions.
The soldiers assigned to the islands will
be relieved every three years.
The only regular regiments at present in
the Philippines are the Eighteenth and
Twenty-third Infantry and part of the
Third Artillery and Fourth Cavalry. It is
understood that it has been determined by
the War Department to keep General Otis
in command of the Philippines indefi
nitely.
Cuba and the Spanish War.
To-morrow evening at 8 o'clock W. H.
Jordan will deliver an illustrated lecture
before the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation at the association auditorium, Ma
son and Ellis streets, on "Cuba and the
Spanish War." Some very fine views will
be thrown upon the canvas. Cards or ad
mission complimentary may be secured at
the association building or of any mem
ber of the institution.
ADVERTISEI4ENTS.
SWAMP=ROOT?
To Prove Its Wonderful .glfr-111l
Merits, Every Reader W&ljfS'
of "The Call" May Have pM|
a Sample Bottle Sent if 1 ! l|
Free by Mail. j | II
Physician's |lr / ', \ jlli
Great || SWAMP-ROOT 111
f^l^^OVl^f^V ill Kidney, Liver and Bladder MB
/ Ira - CURE. ||!^lk3
m ii i^i ■ directions - ' I l§ss
l"^f*^lin f^T i\/ ■ till : May fake one, two or three Ijlß^S
I I v/ 1 I I IJ I j " . Ibsll teaspioonf ills before or after jUJH
:•■■.;.': L'rai Children less according 1 to age. \\b\ |(§J
B dITOC 91 li§« May commeneo -n-ith small 'ffH Un
V/IJI V^^ Call , |^ doses and increase to full dose jJJH |S
', ' or ni ore « :a3 tllC Cll£e wuld ■ IJlg h
l\iClflC^V« ■ ' lia 1 This great remedy cures, all Ui HI
IIIVI " V / 7 , h(i| hidney, liver, bladder and Uric If H
83883388E5588E3 • -if Acid troubles and disorders ||
■• • . i B catarrh of the bladder, gravel, I .* '-
I IV'f^f* • " ' IPi rheumatism, lumbago and I Fsg
*— ■ ▼ V-'i <j • • I ng&l Bright'r<Disea3e, Trhich is the jj mya
Dlo||J|-||^^ *%nA I rail- ■ PREPARED ONLY by • |S|
LPiavmc:! osbu a DR. KILMER & 0., %raß
ii* ▲ • A I Hll Sold l>r a! 1 Drugsi»t». ||(ii|@
It is now conceded by eminent sci-
entists that the most important organs
of the whole body are the kidneys.
They filter your blood and work away
night and day. whether you sleep or are
awake. , 
People are apt to believe that kidney
disease is a rather rare disease, but re-
cent discoveries have proven that it is
a most common trouble.
And the proof of this is that most dis-
eases, perhaps 85 per cent, are caused
in the beginning by disorders of the
kidneys.
BECAUSE they fail to filter your
blood. „ , ,
You cannot be sick if your blood is
pure— free from kidney p-ioon and dis-
ease-breeding germs.
The treatment of some diseases may
be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease. .
When your kidneys are not doing
their work it will be manifested by pain
or dull ache in the back, rheumatic
pains sciatica, sediment in the urine,
scanty supply scalding irritation in
passing it. obliged to go often during
the day and to get up duriner the night,
uric acid, sleeplessness, nervousness,
irritability. sallow, unhealthy com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, loss of energy and ambition.
ARTHUR TEACHOUT
AS A HIGH ROLLER
HOW HE AND A COMPANION
HAD A GOOD TIME.
He Was Arrested for Petty Larceny,
tut Stoutly maintains That He
Is Not Guilty.
Arthur Teachout. a boy 14 years of age,
was accused in Judge Low's court yester
day of petty larceny in stealing $S oO from
the till in the drug store of Mrs. Laura
T Harris. 1247 A Kentucky street. Sunday
afternoon while her messenger boy, lllle
Hardney. was called out for a few
minutes.
With his ill-gotten wealth Arthur de
termined to have a good time, and Willie
and he started out Sunday night for that
purpose. They first visited the Chutes,
then the Alcazar, and finished up by going
to Morosco's as they did not care for the
Alcazar performance. Arthur kept an
Itemized account of their expenditures,
which is interesting. It includes 50 cents
to a conductor, cigars 10 cents, icecream
sodas 60 cents, French mixed candy $2,
blind man 50 cents, Alcazar $1, candy 10
cents, Morosco's $1, lemon drops 20 cents,
dinners $1 50, ham sandwiches 20 cents,
tamales 20 cents, carfares 30 cents, Edi
son's 30 cents, Willie Hardney 70 cents
came home midnight with $3.
Mrs Harris testified that Arthur had
stolen $20 from her on a previous occa
sion, but Arthur denied stealing anything
from her and said he got the money from
a druggist on Howard street, near Erie,
where he was employed. He thought the
druggist's name was McKenna. The only
druggist in that neighborhood is Charles
Anderson, and on being asked by an
officer who was sent by the Judge, he
said he did not know Arthur. The Judge
will make further inquiries and will de
cide the case this morning.
HER. BOILERS LEAKING.
This Was the Reason Why the Mary
T. Oarratt Was Stopped.
The steamer Mary T. Garratt of the
California Navigation Company was
stopped on her trip from Stockton to this
city yesterday by an order from the In
spectors of Steamships.
Captain O. P. Bolles, a member of the
Board of United States Inspectors of
local steamships, who is stopping at the
Lick, when seen last night relative to the
matter, said:
"The steamer was not stopped because
there was any immediate danger but be
cause it was learned that her boilers
were leaking slightly. A letter will be
sent by the inspectors to-day to her own
ers, requesting that the boilers be imme
diately put In perfect shape."
Escaped Leper Captured.
L.en Hin. a Chinese leper, escaped from
the Pesthouse yesterday morning, but
was captured again last night and sent
! back. A description of the escaped man
was furnished the police, and Officers
O'Brien and Cavanaugh, who were de
tailed in Chinatown, recognized him at
the corner of Sacramento and Dupont
streets and sent him to the California
I street station, from where Station Keep
1 er Young notified the Pesthousa
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed for twenty-four hours
forms a sediment or settling or has a
cloudy appearance, it is evidence that
your kidneys and bladder need immedi-
ate attention.
Swamp-Root .is a vegetable remedy,
the great discovery of Dr. Kilmer (the
eminent kidney and bladder specialist),
and ha.s truly wonderful restorative
powers over the kidneys. It will be
found by both men and women just
what is needed in all cases of kidney,
liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys-
tem right.
The best proof of this is a trial, and
nothing could be fairer than the offer
to send a sample bottle of this great
remedy and a book telling all about it.
both sent absolutely free by mail to
any address.
. The great discovery. Swamp-Root, is
so remarkably successful that our read-
ers are advised to write for a free sam-
ple bottle and to kindly mention Part
Francisco Daily Call when sending
their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
get the regular fifty-cent and or.j dollar
bottles at the drug stores.
NO CHRISTMAS MONEY
FOR THE TEACHERS
BROKERS WILL NOT DISCOUNT
WARRANTS.
Short Funds and Big Supply Bill*
Shut Pedagogues Out From the
December Payroll.
The Board of Education will hold its
regular meeting to-night and the result of
it may mean scant Christmas money for
the teachers and possibly an extra month,
of holidays for the school children. The
regular end-of-the-year shortage is on,
and with $40,000 In unpaid merchandise
bills stacked up on the flies December
warrants are not going to have much of a
chance when they turn up at the Treas
urer's window, if December warrants be
issued at all. , . , .
The Directors also have a pian whicn
may develop at the meeting to-night, to
stop payment on warrants for November
which are payable on December o. This
as well as the December tip has gone out
to the brokers, and they nave tigntened,
their purse strings against all requests
for November pay.
Those good friends of the plodding ped
agogue the brokers, have already got the
tip and have hung out signs to the effect
that they are discounting no December
salary orders of the board, no matter
what" the inducement. They say that tha
plan of the Board of Education is to honor
the bills for supplies in preference to tha
claims of the teachers and that even then
there will be a number of local merchant*
who will have to pocket their losses.
As the tew goes the teachers have no
recourse for their unpaid salaries if tha
Board of Education has exceeded its one
twelfth of the levy, but it has always been
the custom of the succeeding board to pay
off the salary claims left by its predeces
sor as a matter of equity. There will be
probably no divergence from custom in
this respect, but with the funds available
at the present low ebb it may be a matter
of months before this is done.
The board will try to find a way out of
its dilemma when it meets this evening,
but the wise ones who make their money
on the pressing needs of warrant holder*
are not taking any chances on their find
ing it.
SOLDIER DOWD REMANDED.
Judge de Haven Refused to Take
Him Out of the Guardhouse.
United States District Judge de Haven,
yesterday remanded Thomas H. Dowd to
the custody of the military authorities.
Dowd enlisted in the California Heavy Ar
tillery last July while under age and with
out the consent of his parents. A few
weeks ago he remained absent from the
camp for three days and was court-mar
tialed and sentenced to thirty days im
prisonment in the guard house. While
serving his sentence his parents obtained
a writ of habeas corpus in the United
States District Court, but the boy was re
manded on the ground that the courts
could not interfere with the just punish
ment of a military offender.
Then young Dowd was court-martialed
for another offense, and the decision of
the court-martial has not yet been made.
Hence the court remanded the cuiprtt.
Lieutenant Sprague said yesterday that
the young soldier was a "tough" and very
unruly.
56
EDN I-'.SDAY . NOVEMBER 30, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELSt Propnetot.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. & F.
Telephone Main 1865..
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Steven»*r» Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
»erved by carrier* In trjls clty ( and surroundlnfl towns
for 15 cent* a week- By mall $6 per yeor; per montb
6S cent*. _______
THE WEEKLY CAUU One year, by mall. $160
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (©. C.) OFFICE R«ft*« Hone.
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESB. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street. ODen until
fc3o o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh i
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '506 Polk street, epan ,
«ntll 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-s«C*n4 •-• ;
HsntucKy streets, open until 9 oclec>u j
AUUSEMEMTA
California— "Secret Service."
Columbia— "Gayest Manhattan."
Alcazar— "The Politician."
— ffvol i — "."Cyrano de Bergrerac."
Morosco's— "The Commodore."
Comedy— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Gorrilla man. vaudeville and the zoo.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties.
gutro's Bath;?— Swimming:.
Oakland Race Track— Races to-day.
Mechanics' P avilion—Charity— Charity Bazaar. Thursday. Decem-
ber 1.
Bosenthal— Coming in December.
Palace Hotel Maple Room— Doll Show To-morrow Afternoon
and Evening. _^_^________
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watkins— Thursday. December 1, at 11 o'clock, livery
•table, at 1620 Harrison street.
MIXED UP PAVEMENTS.
THE recommendation of the Fire Commissioners
that a strip of basalt block fourteen feet in
width be laid in certain streets so as to facilitate
dragging fire apparatus in rainy and foggy weather
will be apt to strike the local advocates of smooth
pavements with surprise. The Commissioners de
clare that when the bituminous streets are wet it is
almost impossible to make time with the engines,
water towers and hook and ladder trucks, and they
state that a strip of basalt through the center of each
block would give them the necessary foothold.
Heretofore smooth pavements have been a desid
eratum for which all classes have yearned. Outside
property-owners have not only refused to enter into
contracts for laying any other than bituminous rock
roadways, but they have appeared before the Board of
Supervisors and vigorously opposed all attempts to
force basalt blocks upon them. The Mayor and
Street Committee, amid the plaudits of the people,
have recently caused Market street from Second to
Sixth to be repaved with bitumen, and only the other
day a contract was let for continuing the same work
tc Van Ness avenue.
Now it seems that the Fire Department condemns
smooth streets and wants a strip oi stone laid
throughout the length of al! blocks heretofore paved
with bitumen. We do not know exactly how the
bituminous rock contractors and the property-owners
who advocate asphalt pavements are going to meet
this new situation, but that it must be met in some
way is certain. Whatever the Fire Department wants
it will ultimately get, for it is the protector of life and
property — the most important organization in the
city. If property upon bituminized streets is endan
gered by the absence of fourteen feet of stone
through the center, it is only a question of time when
a change will have to be made in that respect. Prop
erty-owners must have protection, whatever the cost.
From an artistic standpoint, however, the improve
ment suggested by the Fire Commissioners cannot be
said to commend itself to the understanding. At
present many of the accepted streets are conglomera
tions of cables, car tracks, cobbles, bitumen and ba
salt. To lay fourteen feet of stone through every
bituminous block in the city would convert the entire
town into a similar mosaic and send us thundering
down the ages as the most mixed up people on the
subject of pavements that ever existed.
CLEAR THE WRECK OWAY.
NATURALLY th^re is much speculation in re
gard to the future of the Baldwin site, but con
cerning the duty of the moment there is no
chance for two opinions. The wreck should be razed
tc the ground without delay. This thing of pottering
around for the purpose of saving a soaked mattress
and a blistered washstand is dangerous and disgrace
ful. The walls may fall at any time, and when they do
the second tragedy may be more fateful than the first
Surely there must be some method by which the
public can protect itself. If the owner won't or can't
attend to a work of such vital importance, the author
ities should brush him aside and for the sake of the
common welfare remove the menace. Certainly not
one scrap should be left above the level of the pave
ment.
Another matter to be regarded is the indecency of
leaving the dead so long in the tomb where their
bodies were hurled the night of the fire. As the
Baldwin stands now, blackened and tottering, it is a
huge sepulcher. The dead are entitled to respect. It
is not fitting that the threatening walls, which are a
peril to thousands daily, and which inclose more than
one corpse, should be permitted to stand, even if
while they last they serve the purpose of displaying
gaudy theatrical posters. Nothing can be done
toward saving the bodies until the walls have been
leveled. Meanwhile there the bodies must lie under
the debris, subject to the indignity of causeless neg
lect, their presence being in itself a source of palpable
corruption and a defiance of the sanitary rights of the
living.
Between now and March there will be ample time
for Harbor Commissioner Colnon to explain his con
nection with crooked contracts at the ferry. After
that date he will be out of office and lost to view. The
chance for him to redeem his reputation is while the
glare of publicity falls directly and pleasingly on him.
If the contractors for the Hall of Justice had been
fined according to the terms supposed to bind them,
they would have paid all the extra cost of that build
ing.
If Becker, the forger, were to be questioned as to
his belief in the existence of honor among thieves, he
would ruefully shake his head.
The Spanish pretender seems to think that if he
will only talk enough the throne will start out and
seek him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
COLONEL BURNS FOR SENATOR.
THE indications of the last few days are that
Colonel Dan Burns is in the fight for United
States Senator.
We omit discussion of the qualities for the place
which he lacks, for they are all included. When we
say this we do not deny that he has characteristics
which may become him as a man in his sphere of
life, but it is not a sphere in which great parties go
seeking for Senators. His disqualifications make up
so long a list, and some of them are of such a nature
that they cannot be referred to without regret and
pain. In his sphere and chosen place in affairs they
may not be noticeable, and therefore he may escape
the criticism which is invited and made necessary by
the proposed emergence upon a field where he suffers
when compared with the least qualified men who have
held the office he seeks.
His fondest friends must search in vain for any
proof that he is qualified and must shrink from an ex
posure of his disqualifications.
It is avowed that he is selected as a candidate by
the Southern Pacific Railroad and enters the field
with the backing of that corporation.
With it, then, we discuss its choice for Senator.
The people have just withdrawn the anti-rail
road fight. They have put the Republican party ir
pow.»r in a high time, when it needs its best train* A
men in all offices that concern California's interest in
national affairs. Why does the railroad at such a
time, when the conditions affecting it here are not
merely the truce that lies under the white flag, but
imply peace between it and the people, impose upon
tht State such a candidacy for the high place that was
the capital prize of the campaign?
Colonel Burns is no stranger to California. The
State tried him in official life, and the office of Secre
tary of State, while he held it, was an open bung out
cf which ran to waste thousands of dollars of the peo
ple's money. The waste was a felony— we do not
charge that he was guilty, but he was the man on
guard when it happened, and when summoned by
the law to answer he evaded the opportunity to vin
dicate his honor and prove his innocence, and pleaded
the statute of limitations! It is the unwritten law that
when a man is under such charges, that affect his
honor and honesty so far as to outlaw him from trusts
like that he is charged with betraying, and he dodges
through the statute of limitations, he must finish his
life under suspicion of guilt and the charge that his
plea was a confession.
Why does the railroad put him in the painful posi
tion of bringing all this to the light again, and why
does it seem to so lightly estimate the ending o. public
rancor toward it. as to pass all others by and set him
up as a mark of its own lack of judgment and a tar
get for comments that it should spare a friend, if he
hold that relation to it?
The success of such a scheme would put a future
burden on the Republican party that would gall the
withers of every candidate, from Governor to Con
stable, which it may hereafter present to the people.
A LAKE COUNTY RAILROAD.
IN a communication to The Call a correspondent
from Lake County directs attention to the oppor
tunity afforded for the profitable investment of
capital in the construction of a railroad which would
open up the county and enable the people there to
make a full development of the rich and va-ied re
sources it contains.
The subject is pertinent to the times and the re
viving spirit of enterprise. The long depression is
over and we are about to enter upon a new epoch of
railroad construction. In no part of the Union ought
this epoch to be marked by a greater increase in
railway mileage than in California. Certainly no
other State at this time offers such advantages for
safe investments in new railways, for in no other
are there such rich and wide areas of territory devoid
of railway facilities.
Our railway mileage in proportion to the area of
the State is small when compared with that of most
American communities, and of that area nearly the
whole is of a nature that would soon attract settlers
and become populous and rich if ample transportation
facilities were provided. Among such sections of the
State none is more notable in its resources and pos
sibilities than Lake County. It is renowned for ro
mantic scenery, health-giving waters, balmy climate,
fertile soil, and the wide variety of the products of
farms, orchards and vineyards.
By reason of the lack of railway communication
with the outer world the county seems remote. In
reality it is one of the cluster of counties that are neir
enough to the metropolis to be accounted almost as
suburban in these days of rapid transit. A railway
would bring it into such close connection with the
city that its lakes and streams would soon be among
the popular holiday resorts of pleasure-seekers, and
that fact alone would make a large passenger traffic
for the road.
While the mountains around the county are high
and rugged, competent engineers are said to be well
assured from personal survey that there is no in
superable obstruction to modern railway work. The
length -of road required would be short. Our cor
respondent outlines a route by which Lakeport
could be connected with the North Pacific Rail
road, requiring the construction of only twenty-five
miles of road, and on at least half of that the construc
tion would be easy.
The subject is well worth the consideration of cap
italists. California is behind her sister States in the
matter of railways. It is time for her to make known
the opportunities that are afforded within her limits
for profitable enterprises in that direction.
TOO MUCH SECTIONALISM.
A CONFERENCE, attended by five State Sen
ators and twelve Assemblymen, representing
the seven southern counties of the State, held
ai Los Angeles on Monday to formulate plans of ac
tion during the legislative season, is reported to have
adopted resolutions in favor of a State appropriation
for a display at the Paris Exposition, "provided
ground space can be obtained for a distinctive South
ern California exhibit."
The action of the southern delegates in holding this
non-partisan gathering for the purpose of agreeing
upon legislation favorable to that section of the State
is to be commended. It would be well for Central
and Northern California to follow the example. The
interests of the counties and the section they repre
sent cannot be too carefully studied by legislators,
and whatever tends to make that study more compre
hensive and more thorough is in itself desirable.
While all that is to be admitted it is none the less
true that there are limits beyond which the service of
a delegate to his district or his section should not go.
That limit is fixed by the requirements of the ser
vice he owes to the State as a whole. The southern
delegates, in agreeing to support a State display at
the Paris Exposition only upon the proviso that
Southern California is to have ground space for a
distinctive exhibit, have overstepped that limit. They
should stand for the State display, whether there is
to be space tor strictly sectional exhibits or not.
It is to be borne in mind that it does not rest with
any one in California to determine the amount of
space the State is to have. The Parisians have the
first voice in the matter. The exposition officials of
the United States are next in authority. It will be
for them and not for us to determine the amount of
space to be allotted to California, and if the space be
not sufficient to permit subdivision for sectional or
county displays without destroying the effectiveness
of the whole, it will not do for us to refuse to make a
display at all.
The French have granted to the United States a
larger space than to any other nation, but the United
States is a large country, and every State in it will
demand a portion of the allotted area. The rich
States of the East, the newly awakened common
wealths of the South, the thriving region of the Mis
sissippi Valley, and the vast domain of the mountain
States from Colorado to Idaho, will each have its
claim allowed.
California cannot expect to receive a very large
area. She must manage to make the best use of what
is allotted to her. The Southern California delegates
should, therefore, reconsider their agreement of Mon
day and stand in for a grand State display at Paris
upon the best terms that can be obtained. Where the
interests of the State are at stake, there should be no
sectionalism.
THAT OAKLAND CITY MALL.
IMMEDIATELY after the defeat of the bond
proposition to pay a quarter of a million for a
small part of the Adams land for an Oakland park
Mayor Thomas said that he had an ofTer of $600,000
for the City Hall Park, and that half of it would buy
the Adams land and the other half would get a site
and build a new City Hall in some part of the city
where land is less valuable.
A year ago the matter of selling the City Hall site
was broached and a committee was appointed by
the Council to consider its feasibility. This commit
tee did not report and was recently discharged, and
another was appointed with Mr. Brosnahan as chair
man.
As soon as the scheme was made public the Mer
chants' Exchange condemned it, and all sorts of ar
guments for and against it have been made by per
sons whose opinions wer» solicited.
It seems that Oakland's reform charter contains
a joker on this subject, which has escaped attention
until now. That charter authorizes the City Council
to sell city property and invest the proceeds as it
thinks best, without any reference to the people or
their wish.
The proposition to buy the Adams land for a park,
with forty years to pay for it, having been beaten so
recently, it is not credible that the peopL would now
indorse its purchase for near a third of a million.
Mayor Thomas has not and will not make public
the name of the proposed purchaser. Mr. Brosnahan
has said that he knows parties who will contribute
$40,000 toward buying a new City Hall site, but he
withholds their names. Because of the charter pro
vision and the absolute independence of the City
Council to do as it pleases with city property there
under, the scheme takes on features whicn are spread
ing a feeling of uneasiness and alarm among the peo
ple. Such a provision is clearly against public policy.
Under it a Council may sell property that is increas
ing in value and may go into any scheme for the pur
chase of other property, to the individual advantage
of members, and no other citizen be any the wiser.
That the City Hall is inadequate is a fact. But in
view of the movement, which will soon succeed, to
consolidate a city and county government, the feel
ing is that this valuable property should stand as it
is, for under consolidation the county buildings will
be ample for public use, and then this property could
be sold for more than it will bring in these days of
depression and the proceeds can be applied as a sink
ing fund to clear off the existing bonded debt of the
city and to construct a much needed system of inter
cepting sewers, which are every day becoming more
necessary to the health of the city.
The Mayor and the members of the Council who
are pushing the matter have certainly not increased
public confidence in their scheme by the air of mys
tery and secrecy with which they have surrounded it.
for it has the earmarks of a "clean-up" at the end of
their official term.
0 HOUSE FOR THE EXECUTIVE.
SINCE the law requires that the Governor of
California shall live at the capital, there should
be provided for him a suitable residence. This
fact is emphasized just now by the vain search of the
Governor-elect for a house fitted for the purposes of
a four years' residence, and yet within the bounds of
reason as to cost.
Many times have bills providing for an executive
mansion been introduced, only to be killed by the
j jealousy among realty cliques. The State is bigger
' than any realty clique of Sacramento, and the time
has come for it to assert its will. The petty squabbles
between agents who have town lots to sell should
no longer be permitted to cut any figure in a matter
of such interest and of such importance. A residence
fqr the Governor of California would not be for the
benefit of any one man. Governors pass in rapid
succession. The residence would belong to the com
monwealth, and aid in upholding the dignity of the
State. There should be a place in which the chief
officer could receive distinguished visitors who call
upon him not as upon an individual, but as upon the
chosen representative of the whole people. To pro
vide accommodations is a duty the people owe to
themselves, to their own dignity; it is a mere matter
of self-respect.
For an incoming Governor to make any recom
mendation in these premises might be construed as
an instance of bad taste, but the outgoing Governor
can do it without in any manner subjecting his motives
tc adverse criticism. For Governor Budd to advocate
the erection of a home for the Governor would be, just
as he retires, a graceful and gracious act. We hope
that he will do so. Doubtless the Legislature would
act according to his suggestion. California is large
and rich. The Governor stands for the whole people
of the State. The salary he gets is not great. Made
greater by the addition of a home during the term of
service, it would be no whit too much.
Californians favor an executive mansion. There are
too many of them longer to be overridden by a self
ish few. Governor Budd has in his power, by a
simple word, to impel the Legislature to perform the
act of providing for one. To do so would be a cour
tesy to the old executive and the new, as well as to
the long line to follow. The cost would be small, and
the possession of such a mansion would relieve each
Governor of embarrassment, while putting California
on the plane of other States no more able nor willing
to erect a home for the administration.
THE FRIENDS OF
HUMANITY ARE
DISCREDITED
Deception Alleged by
Organized Labor.
QUEER CHARITY PROPOSITION
FIVE PEOPLE CONSTITUTE THE
ASSOCIATION.
Women's Co-operative Sewing Society
Is Under the Ban of the Trades
Unions and Makes a
Statement.
The executive committee of the San
Francisco Labor Council has been busy
for the past week running down an or
ganization which It characterizes as a
fraud, preying upon the trades union men
of the city. The organization in question
Is known as the Women's Co-operative
Sewing Society, conducted by the Friends
of Humanity.
Representatives of this organization
called at a recent meeting of the Labor
Council and tried to dispose of tickets
for an entertainment to be held next Sat
urday evening. They said that the organ
ization was composed of sewing women
and that it was run on the co-operative
plan. The Labor Council is not inclined
to take anybody's word without investi
gation, so it placed the matter in the
hands of the executive committee.
The executive committee called at the
headquarters of the Society of the Friends
of Humanity on New Montgomery street
and found a great bare room containing
three sewing machines and a pressing
table. Three women were working. They
were Joanna Wayne, president of the so
ciety; Mrs. Ansden, vice president, and
M. E. Knott, treasurer.
A careful inquiry elicited the informa
tion that the society is not co-operative
in any sense of the word. It is run by the
three women already mentioned and two
persons whose names were not disclosed.
These five comprise tie association and
have done the most of the work received
up to date. When they have more than
they can handle they hire somebody to
assist them, but the helpers have no share
In the profits. Tht^y are simply employed
by the association at the ruling wages
or a trifle over.
The three women mentioned have made
a systematic canvass of trades unions
and have received considerable . assist
ance, as they have always claimed to be
representatives of a co-operative organi
zation. They have always been accom
panied by two men and it is stated on
good authority that these two men are
the two silent partners in the concern.
Monday night they called on the Coast
Seamen's Union at East and Mission
streets and told the usual ..ale. A mem
ber of the executive committee of the La
bor Council happened to be present at
the time and he denounced the alleged
co-operative union as a fraud. He said
it was simply a company formed to take
contracts for work and the majority of
the workers were given wages instead of
a dividend from the profits.
At the next meeting of the Labor Coun
cil the whole affair will be denounced aa
a fraud and subordinate unions warned to
kf-^p away from it.
A representative of The Call called upon
Mrs. Wayne yesterday afternoon and she
freely acknowledged that none but the
original five had voice or vote in the af
fairs of the association. She said that "If
a crowd of old women pot in there would
be no managing of affairs, as everybody
would want to run it; so the original five
decided to keep it to themselves. At pres
ent the profits are divided among the
original five, but we may make different
arrangements later on if all goes well."
ANNUAL DIVISION OF
THE COUNTY MONEYS
SUPERVISORS WORKING OVER
APPORTIONMENTS.
Fire Department May Get an Addi
tional $71,000 for Much-Needed
Improvements.
There will be a supervisorial caucus at
11 o'clock this morning &t which the seg
regation and apportionment of funds for
the next fiscal year will be considered.
The Finance Committee of the board met
yesterday morning and spent its session In
the discussion of the extra funds that will
be required by the Fire Department.
A number of improvements projected by
the department, notably the new engine
house in the Sunset District, and other
necessary tire apparatus, and the purchase
of a lot and suitable building for the hous
ing of the water tower at some place
south of Market street, in the vicinity of
the Palace Hotel, will necessitate addi
tional funds to the extent of 571,000, and
this amount the committee yesterday
practically agreed to apportion.
When the matter comes up In caucus to
day, however. Supervisor Rottanzi pro
poses to fight its passage. Rottanzi claims
that the Police Department is in more
need of immediate improvement than the
tiro people, and, with Chief Lees, he has
set his heart upon the new station that it
is proposed to build at Seventeenth and
Fofsom streets. Rottanzi Is backed by
Delany, atui a warm time is promised
when the discussion opens this morning.
The Fire Committee was also in session
and passed favorably upon a number of
important communications and petitions
affecting the department. The petition
of the Sunset District Improvement Club
for a $15,000 appropriation for an engine
house, fire apparatus, a hose wagon and
enough lire hydrants to assure the safety
of the district -was passed, as was a com
munication from the department recom
mending the purchasing of two monitor
batteries and six hose wagons. The second
petition of the Sunset District Club for a
second appropriation of $20,000 was re
ferred to the Chief Engineer of the de
partment.
The Sunnystde Improvement Club's pe
tition for fire alarm boxes at the corners
of Chenery and Diamond and Bunnyilde
avenue and p.aden street was also al
lotted, and the firm of Oilyou fk Caldle
will be granted permission* to erect at
Central Park a steeplechase railway If the
Fire Wardens agree that it will not be a
menace to surrounding property.
The board will meet in special session at
2 o'clock this afternoon.
THEY WANT THE DIVIDEND.
Request of Stockholders of the Hale
& Norcross Company.
Stockholders, representing all but 12,
000 shares of the Hale & NorcrOM Hilv.-r
Mining .Company, appeared bofore Judge
Hebbard yesterday afternoon and rp
quested the court to modify tho order
heretofore made and to command Re
ceiver Groom to declare a dividend • of
$150 a share out of the $200,000 odd mill
remaining In his handß of tlu- judgmunt
recovered in tho case of Fox va. Hulq &
Norcross. • ■
Judge .Hebbard refuiied to modify hia
order or to promise that lih \\.:iil,l and
stated that ho would only ■ onslder tht>
proposition If It wan legally brought be
fore him by petition. I
Big Bituminous Rock Company.
Tho San I.ulh ObilDO Hitumlnouß flnck
Company lin-m ,i ti-ii yesterday with a
capital stock of 11,000,000, all Pi wblcb has
been subscribed. Tlir corporation Intends
to deal in »h>- rock known ua "tha San
Luli-i C>blßpo bltumlnoiiM ltrne roali 10oU
lowing nrc tin- iimmhs of the iub«ertb«fi
and the amountß ■mi. -. i ii.. ,| <i \\
Nichols, $160,700: P. Adum*. $UW,700; Alfred
Walker. $lßti,«no : J A. Fnirehild, $RiM>, J.
HV Crank.. $62,500; I. W. ll.llm.ui. HB,BM;
TV. J. Brodrick. $62,500; G. A. Dobinson,
$166,200; L. M. Korde, $83,300, and E. F.
Spense, $62,500.
AMONG THE WHEELMEN.
The Famous San Francisco Road Club
Has Disbanded.
The San Francisco Road Club, one of the
foremost cycling organizations in the city,
has disbanded. This course was decided
upon at a^meeting of the board of direc
tors held yesterday, and to-day the effects
of the club house at 503 Golden Gate ave
nue will be removed and sold, and the club
will be non est.
The road club was organized about
four years ago in the heydey of cycling
popularity and for several years held a
prominent place In the sport here. Latter
ly the Interest has been waning, and the
directors thought best to close its career
while the association was still solvent.
The club therefore goes down with colors
flying. Some of the members Will contin
ue their pleasant social relations of the
past by holding weekly meetings at one
another's houses, and others will be ab
sorbed by the remaining clubs.
Frank J. Cotter, the speedy Olympia,
Wash., professional rider, arrived here
yesterday and will probably remain here
permanently.
C. M. ("Bunt") Smith, the noted record
breaker, has joined the Bay City Wheel-
men.
The annual election of the Associated
Cycling Clubs will be held next Saturday
night at the Olympic Club, and a good deal
of interest is being talten in it by the or
ganized cyclers. The control of the asso
ciation means a good deal to the racing
clubs, and they are all pulling wires to at
tain that end. The session promises to be
a lively one.
THE NEW YEAR TO
BRING NEW SCHEDULES
PLANS OF THE SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC COMPANY.
Los Angeles to Get a Better Service.
More Freight Facil
ities.
The first of the year will see great im
provement In the passenger and freight
service of the Southern Pacific. In speak
ing of the practically new service that
.will shortly be inaugurated Manager
Kruttschnitt said yesterday:
"The southern Pacific has just ordered
1-000 new boxcars of thirty tons capacity
each. This order has been placed with
the companies of Barney & Smith of
Dayton. Ohio, and Ensign of Huntington,
West Virginia. The road has also or
dered eighty more ballast cars. These
will be built by Wells & French of Chi
cago.
"There have just been put in use on the
heavy grades over Tehachapi six com
pound mastodon freight locomotives.
These engines are the most powerful of
their kind ever built and have just be*n
delivered. They will be followed by the
first of the year by six consolidated en
gines that are 12 per cent heavier, and all
of these will be used on the grades over
the Tehachapi. The Southern Pacific
has also ordered forty-five other locomo
tives for use on its Atlantic and Pacific
system. Many of these are of the kind
known as the" Mogul freight engines, and
are for use through Texas. Arizona and
New Mexico. The contracts for this im
mense amount of improvement material
was let by the New Yrk office of the
Southern Pacific."
For the past year the business between
San Francisco and Los Angeles has been
so heavy that it has been difficult for the
through trains to make schedule time.
We are contemplating the putting on in
the near future of a purely local service,
which will enable the overland trains to
attend only to the through business.
This will enable both the through and lo
cal trains to give a better service. The
business of th>> road between here and
Los Angeles has entirely outgrown the
capacity of one train.
"The passenger service will also be
greatly improved by the putting on of
many' new coaches and sleepers that
have been especially ordered. These will
be in service by the first of the year."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
A. W. Collins of Napa is a guest at the
California.
Ex-Judge .S. F. Geil of Salinas is at the
Occidental.
R. M. Kennsey, U. S. N\, is registered at
the Occidental.
F. H. Colcott of New York Is registered
at the Occidental.
Attorney A. G. Wlssel of Fresno is a
guest at the lick.
Captain C. W. Fisher of Martha's Vine
yard Is at the Russ.
Captain O. F. Bolles of Menlo Park Is
registered at the Lick.
Banker F. P. Wickersham of Fresno is
registered at the Lick.
H. S. Blood of Angels, a prominent min
ing man, is at the Lick.
Armstrong Smith from Honolulu is a
guest at the Occidental.
Colonel F. B. Wright of St. Paul Is
registered at the Palace.
Warden Charles Aull of Folsom Prison
is registered at the Grand.
Deputy Sheriff William Fowler of Red
Bluff is at the Russ House.
William C. Curlburt. a railroad man of
Portland, is at the California.
F. C. Barry of Klondike fame, a resi
dent of Salinas, is at the Lick.
Banker George E. Goodman and wife of
Napa are guests at the Palace.
W. R. Carithers, a prominent merchant
of Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is at the California.
Commander J. J. Brice, V. S. N., Mare
Island, is registered at the Palace.
Dwight HollUter of Courtland, a promi
nent ranch-owner, is at the Grand.
William T. Cressler, a prosperous mer
chant of Cedarville, is at the Lick.
Raymond- Duncan of New York and
London is a guest at the Occidental.
A. Cane, a well-known traveling sales
man of New Ycrk, Is at the Palace.
F. S. Weston and E. H. Brocklebant of
London are guests at the California.
A. W. Jones, a prominent railroad man
from Monterey, is a guest at the Palace.
A. Brown, member-elect of the State.
Board of Equalization, is registered at the
Lick.
Samuel Matthews, a prominent cattle
man of Eden. Valley, is registered at tho
Russ House.
1,. A. Scowdcn, an expert mining en
gineer* from British Columbia, is a guest
at the Palace.
W. O. Roberts and family are guests
at the Palace. Mr. Roberts is a large dye
manufacturer of Philadelphia.
S. C. Kvans Jr. and George Frost of
Riverside, prominent orange-grove own
ers, are guests at the Grand.
J. J. Hcbbrun from Salinas, the man
ftger of the Paoific Improvement Com
pany's ranches, Is registered at the
Grand.
DALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— John W. Pom
erov of Sun Francisco Is at the Empire;
Homer A. Baushay of San Francisco -la
at tho Fifth Avenue; Henry Price of
Hu.ii Francisco Is at the Windsor; Walter
A, Rosa of San Francisco is at the Im
perial; John D. Scott of San Francisco
1b at the Holland.
Fractured His Skull.
James Ragan. 11 Cleveland street, was
■tandJns at Eighth un<l Harrison streets
yesterday morning when be. was seized
with an epileptic nt. He fell, striking: on
the buck of liis head and fracturing his
•skull. iv- was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
New Mining Company.
The Bogton and California Gold Mining
mid Milling Company Incorporated yester
day with a capital stock of $600,000, of
which 1300,000 has been subscribed. The
directors are N. Hansen, G. Gall, L. M.
Gall. John C. Jens and A. M. W. Jens.
EVADED THE TAX
BUT THEY MUST
PAY THE PIPER
Proper Way to Sell
Chewing Gum.
ONE VENDER ARRESTED
BOTTLES OF WINE THAT BORE
NO STAMPS.
Proprietor of t!he St. Germaine Saved
the Excise to Risk Arrest
and a Big
Fine.
United States Revenue Agent Bert
Thomas has become tired of waiting for
retail dealers and others to obey the rev
enue laws and pay their proportion of tho
war revenue, and yesterday made two
sample arrests, which will be followed by
more to-day.
The first victim was Joseph Palisi, the
keeper of a fruit and ice cream soda stand
at the corner of California and LeidesdorfC
streets. Palisi was charged with -aving
taken chewing gum out of the original
stamped packages and placing it in the
Bhow case. The law requires, as in the
case of cigars, that the articles must bo
sold from the original stamped packages.
Palisi pleaded ignorance of the law, but
that will not be considered by the Govern
ment as a defense.
Collector Lynch recently received from
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue a
letter on the subject of chewing gum, of
which the following is an extract:
You will advise them that chewing gum mußt
be sold at retail from the original Package
and I'lace the same in the showcase. There i»
a wide difference between chewing gum vend
ing machines and showcase. The gum may be
sold and delivered directly from the machine,
without assistance from any person, and tha
regulation does not apply to showcases, and
you will so advise. There is no regulatioa per
mitting the manufacturer to distribute free
samples of chewing gum upon which t&» tax
has not been paid.
Later in the day Deputy Internal Rev
enue Collector Fletcher swore to a,com
plaint made out by Assistant Lfhited
States Attorney Woodwortfi for the arrest
of G. Pouchau and Louis Schlatter, pro
prietors of the St. Germaine Restaurant,
33 O'Farrell street, for serving wine to
guests without affixing a 2-cent . war
stamp to each bottle of more than a pint.
It 13 alleged that the accused have
stamped their bottles once and kept on re
filling them without removing the old
stamp and putting on new ones every time
the bottles were filled. M. Pouchau was
arrested, and was released on giving
bonds in the sum of $500. Schlatter will bo
arrested this morning.
A CLERK'S STJICEDE.
Cnristian Rippe, Tortured With Heart
Disease, t>ent a Bullet Through.
His Brain.
Christian Rippe, a young- clerk em
ployed In the grocery store of R. Speckter
at 2441 Mission street, committed suicide
some time last Monday night by -shooting
himself through the head. His body was
found in his room in the rear of the store
at half-past 6 o'clock yesterday morning-.
The deceased was only 21 years oil. He
returned from a trip to the Klonwfce re
gion about two months ago afflicted with
heart disease. He spent two weeks in a
hospital about six months ago. An in
quest will be held.
Max Schumann Bankrupt.
Max Schumann of this city filed a peti
tion in bankruptcy yesterday in the United
States District Court. His liabilities are
$1840, and his assets nothing.
« m ■
Cal. glace fru.- 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
» ♦ ■ :—: —
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ » »
"Wild Flowers," "Poppies," "Chinese,"
"Indian," "U. S. Volunteer," "Boys of
*98," "Missions," "American Girl," etc.,
50c to $3 50 each. Price list on application.
Christmas cards have arrived. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
• • ■
The wind across my chimney
Wakes no depth of joy In me;
For I know that its wild singing
Makes my coal bills bigger be.
—Detroit Free Presi,
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays PaJn, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTKL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
1 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Fadid hair recovers its youthful color and
softness by the use of Pahkkh'h HAib Bai sah.
Pakkkb's ciiNOKR Toxic cures inward palas.
"What's the matter with the Chinese
Emperor?" inquired Li Hung Chang.
"Oh, he's sulking again," answered the
Empress Dowager. "He says his latest
obituary notice wasn't nearly, compli
mentary enough." — Washington Star.
ADVERTISEMiiyTS.
-, "
ARE
YOU?
Are you going to lose your
position?
TAK6 THE KEELEY
Are you getting deeper into
debt as you get deeper into
drink? • '
TAKB THE KEELEY
Are you gradually losing
your social standing?
TAKE THE KEELEY
Is it getting harder day by
day to make both ends meet?
TAKE THE KEELEY .
THE KEJELBY INSTITUTES,
1170 Market Street, San Fraaolsoo.
Donohoe Building,
Lankershlm Building, Third and
Spring 9U.. Lo» Anarelw. • :
Fr«a A. Pollock. Macag«r.A FOOLISH
SCARE OVER
FRUIT PESTS
Germany and France
Are Excited.
MONOPOLISTS 1 BIG SCHEME
CALIFORNIA FRUIT HAS NO SAN
JOSE SCALE.
European Dealers Plot to Keep West
ern Products Out of Their
Markets — Get Govern
ment Aid.
Dispatches from "Washington state that
the French Government has sent notice
to thi .State axtment to the effect that
precautionary measures would be taken
to prevent the Introduction of the San
Jose scale into France on trees, shrubs
and fruits, dried and fresh. The pro
posed measure is very similar to those of
Holland and Germany. Another dispatch
announces that a lot of California dried
fruits had; been seized in Berlin, con
demned' and ordered re-exported for the
same ason. California shippers and
orehardists are greatly disgusted at the
needless alarm of the officials cf the Kuro
pean countries mentioned. The con
d< mned lot is probably a consignment of
dried pears that were sent to Berlin by
the Johnson-Locke Company of this city.
The fruit was removed to London and the
local firm's agents were instructed to
send back samples of the alleged Infected
products. v
S These samples were submitted to A.
larantine officer of the California
State Horticultural Society, who after a
careful examination of the fruit stated
that it contained no scale nor any indica
tion of being infected. The local firm
began to think that there was something
behind the condemnation, and asked the
State Board of Trade to lend its as^ist
ance in getting at the bottom of the
matter. Jvlr. Filcher at once sent the fol
lowing letter to Washington:
SAN O, Nov. 22, 1898.
James Wilson. Secretary of Agriculture,
D. C— My I 'car Sir: I enclose
a letter received by us yesterday from
the J. bns< n-Locke Mercantile Company of this
city, one of 'the larxe exporting' houses of Call
whicb sj'L-aks for itself. I can do no
•.:i your attention to the complaint
In made, and to as-k, on behalf of Cali
\er-is>e the influence of your
• • !r. the effort to have the
• lined ( remedied.
. y demonstrated that the
Usseminated through
■ult, and hence we feel
L-iburg authorities
g more on their suspicions and
■ : . :s In rejecting the
fruit, as mentioned in the Johnson-Liocke let
■iraedy the difficulty. If
it is ■ tmerit to take some
decisive sfps that w.ill overcome the trouble
•:••■: f and prevent its recurrence here
• will be worth millions of dollars in the
;n to the fruit interest of our country,
ilarly valuable to the industry In
: Ilia.
-ration of this import
will suggest a remedy, I have the
to remain, for tne California State Board
Mrs very truly,
J. A. FILfHEK.
Secretary and Manager.
rnia shippers and fruit-growers
it there is the biggest kind
negro In the European woodpile. A
firm in Hamburg, Ger
ancbea in Paris and the
. has extensive con
i the growers of Southern
Italy and Germany for all the
• come from their several locall
recent introduction of the su
d and canned fruits from this
9 done much to lesson the busl
■ sal 1 firm. As the products of this
re handled principally by others
he German firm, thy latter has set
• "Bad fish,' resorted to
That there is no
- n Jose scale being lntro-
Into Europe is attested by Mr.
warding the danger of introducing
..1 San Jose scale into. Ger
many upon fru't from the United States
1 have to say that there is positively no
r. At least this is the conclusion
d by the scientific men intrusted
with such investigation in the Eastern
In every case where this scale has
. >ld it was from infected
: y trees or the presence of such
In the district.
•This insect was introduced into Calm
n trees from Chile, and in a
: : it was carried into the
-rates. It Is now feared very
little i nia. In fart it can hardly
■ und in the orchards of San Jose,
where it was first introduced. No spray-
Ing nor disinfecting; has been necessary
for this insect for the past five or
six y. ars, a.* the scale- is controlled by
predacious and internal parasites that
upon it. There is positively no
r fr'<m dried fruits carrying the in-
German Government will
pursue Californl m of; Inspecting
and fumigating with hydrocyanic acid pas
all trees and plants that enter their coun
try there will be no danger from this or
any other injurious Insect."
Mr. Craw further says that the process
SHE'D LIKE TO
SEE "BILL" AGAIN
"Swiftwater's" Wife Is Sure He Still
Loves Her.
Ht DON'T thlr.k he wants to get rid of me," Is Mrs. Swiftwater Bill's
I rnent on the report that Swiftwater is at his ©Id tricks— that he
I has been falling in love again. This time Seattle Is the scene of the
rapid William's affection, and its object Gussie Lamoore, who first
won bia I many of his dollars from the stage of a Dawson
She was the lirst of the family with whom he fell in love.
married already, and so Bill fell in love with her sister Grace,
whom he met here, and marrif-d her. Grace stood the demonstration of
iffection for two weeks, and then she vowed she could stand it no
r, bo she brought suit for divorce on the ground of cruelty and locked
-i him. He had to go back to Dawson, and he wished to
mko nor with him, but she declined his company, so he took Nellie, the
youngest sister, up to the gold fields. But Nellie fell in love with a miner
nd so Swiftwater had to seek other company. Now he has found
■ again, free and willing, but Grace says "no," and so the pair are
waiting.
"I'm sorry I drove him away," said Mrs. Bwiftwater, pensively, "f
wish he'd come back. I live here all alone, with my maid, and I am very
me. I'd like to s'-e him, but. of course, I'm not going to tell him so.
If he lik< T ter than me. why, of course, I don't care— that is. I'm
be doesn't He always said he liked me best. He was very good to
me enough to keep me comfortable for the rest of my life.
i have everything 1 want and can do as I please; but I'd like to see Bill
again. I don t think he'd treat me as he did before. He had just rome
from that wild country then, and he didn't know how to treat a woman.
Bui i oughtn't to have treated him ao mean, and I wish I could see him.
1 don't care if be hasn't any money. I might even give him some; but,
anyway, Fd like to ppp him.
"It won't be much pse for them to wait until I get a divorce, for, you
see. I won't follow up my suit. Anyway, I've had it dismissed; so I don't
care, and they'll havq to wait a long time. But I don't think he cares
for her. He only cares for the woman who is nearest to him. I don't think
i uuld have him i? I could see him again. I understand he is going to
Alnskn, but ho may come down here before he goes, and I can see him
and I might go up to Dawson, too. I'd like to go with him. but I
couldn't go with him before. I'd try it now, though; but, then, I'd like
to see him. anyway."
.Mrs. Swiftwater. as she says herself, lives alone with her maid in a
little flat. She has everything but company of the kind sho likes.
She says Bw4ftwat«r left her because he does not know his own mind for
Inutea at a time, and neither did she; but she in sure he loves her yet,
and though she does not Jove him— that is, very much— still, she would like
to see him again.
CUPID'S DOUBLE VICTORY.
UPID has made a special conquest to close his year's work properly.
QA romance of many months will culminate in the wedding of Miss
Nellie Hampton and David Martin. The ceremony will take place
this afternoon at St. Mary's Cathedral at 4 o'clock. The young
couple will be united in wedlock by the Rev. Father Martin, brother
of the bridegroom.
Owing to the severe illness of Mrs. Hampton, mother of the bride, the
formal reception usual to such occasions will be omitted. Immediately
after the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Martin will leave for Del Monte for
their honeymoon. The groom is very well known in both fraternal and
social circles throughout the city, and is esteemed particularly in Lodge 3
of the Elks, of which order he has been an active and enthusiastic mem
ber for several years. Mr. Martin has been identified with local politics
for a number of years, holding various positions under the municipality
Involving both responsibility and Integrity. At present he is clerk in
Judge Rhodes Borden's court, which position he will resign on or about
January 1 to accept a deputyship in the Sheriff's office under Henry Mar
tin.
The bride is a native daughter and sister to the celebrated young
amateur athlete, Al Hampton.
Among the many holiday season weddings to which society folk are
looking forward with more than ordinary interest Is that of Miss El
mira C. Panno and Walter D. Schranz, who are to be married this even
ing at 9 o'clock at the residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Clar
ence Dickey, 1821 Oak street!
The bride-elect is a graduate of Irving Institute, class of 1896. She
is a beauty of the perfect brunette type, and Is famed In social circles as
a talented elocutionist. She will be attended by Miss Alice L. Emerson of
Stanford University.
The groom, who is the head of the firm of Schranz & Waizman, is a son
of Louis Schranz, of the firm of Stein. Simon & Co., and a nephew of Hugo
D. Kail, vice-president of Goldberg, Bowen & Co. He will be attended by
his partner, Frank J. Waizman.
After a bridal tour In the south the young couple will take up their
permanent residence in this city.
of curing and drying fruits would kill
every particle of pest g' rm, even if tha
scale got upon the fruit before shipping.
Systematic Thieving.
James Barbeau. a c.erk in the Baldwin
clothing store, was arrested yesterday by
Detectives Ryan and ODea, and will be
booked on several charges of petty lar
ceny. For the past eight months the de
tectives had noticed new pairs of trousers
and waiters' Jackets in pawnshops and
last Sunday they made an investigation.
They discovered that Barbeau had been
stealing from his employers and pawning
the articles. Yesterday he was identified
by a pawnbroker at 1048 Howard street as
having *old several pairs of trousers to
her. .
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup cure*
your child's cough. Better try It. Zsc.
Jud^e Treadwell Sick.
A B. Treadwell. one of the newly
elected ' Judges of the Police Court, was
seized with an attack of heart failure as
he left his house, corner of Grove and
Buchanan Btreets, Monday morning
and fell on the sidewalk. He was carried
home and a physician summoned, after
which he soon rallied. He was so weak
that he was unable to leave his house
yesterday. A rumor was current Sunday
afternoon that he had been seized with
an attack of apoplexy.
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark's.
653 Market. Country order" -..oHclted.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CAIX, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1893.
RESTRICTIONS UPON
EXPRESS COMPANIES
TO HAVE THEM UNDER THE IN
TERSTATE COMMERCE LAW.
A Movement to Get Congress to Re
taliate for the Nonpayment of
the War Revenue Tax.
The refusal of the express companies of
the United States to pay their part of the
war revenue tax is likely to prove their
undoing. There is a movement now on
foot among- the merchants df the entire
country to have the business of the ex
presa companies, put under the interstate
commerce laws, which- will be the means
of clipping their wings to such an extent
that exorbitant rates, such as have been
charged, will be prevented. The personnel
of the people leading this movement is
about the same as that of the anti-ticket
scalping organization and the body that is
now making a move toward getting a re
duction' i>n postal package rates and an
International equalization of the same.
Last e\ening a banquet wad held in St.
Louis a! which the anti-ticket scalping
project was discussed, with a view to
having the next Congress make a law pro
hibiting the practice of ticket scalping.
At that gathering some of the wealthiest
merchants, wholesalers and railroad men
of the middle West and West assembled.
This is the second meeting of its kind, the
first beiiig held in Chicago on October 5.
From information obtained by the Califor
nia Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation from their representative, Frank
L. Brown, now In the East, the next ban
quet will be devoted to the subject tlrst
mentioniMl, the bringing of the express
companies under the interstate commerce
laws. Already the people of the entire
I'nited States have been discussing the
case of the companies who have refused
to pay their part of the war tax, and the
helplessness of the merchants and the
public in general. Test cases that were
supposed to settle the matter have been
heard in many parts of the country, and
still the companies compel the people to
pay the tax of both.
The question was raised as to what
could be done to force the derelict corpor
ations to feel the might of the law and the
suggestion was made that it could only be
done by having Congress pass a bill plac
ing the companies under the interstate
laws. Tliis would throw them under the
supervision of the Interstate Commerce
Commission, to which body the companies
would have to submit a report of all their
business. The national committee would
compel a sliding scale on the rates, similar
to the long and short haul clause under
which tlv railroads operate. Furthermore,
the expn-ss rates would be passed upon by
the commission to determine the justness
thereof. Another point would he that the
companies would have to publish any
change In tariff. Still another interesting
restriction would be that an express pool
would b«> impossible.
The local commercial bodies are heartily
in sympathty with the efforts of their
brother organizations in the East.
Claims She Is an Heir.
Next. Tuesday a crosa petition for the
distribution of the estate of the late Jose
Vicente de Laveaga, filed by Dolores
Apolonia de Revera-de Laveaga. will be
argued before Judge Coffey. Dolores Ap
olonia do Revera-de I^aveaga claims to
be the daughter of Jrme Maria de La
vpaga and Jesus Bustillo. Whether they
were married or not she is unable to
state, but as Jose Maria de Laveaga was
a brother of Jose Vicente <1« Laveaga
she claims to be an heir-at-law of the
latter. In consequence she asks that
one-fourth of the estate of Jose Vicente
which remains undisposed of by will,
valued at $841,000, be distributed to her.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
TfcifM- A
»inll» STY s/ITj, ~ &«•
YOUNG ROSSER
MUST AGAIN
STAND TRIAL
The Jury in His Case
Fails to Agree.
IT WAS EQUALLY DIVIDED
SIX STOOD FOR ACQUITTAL, SIX
FOR CONVICTION.
The Second Trial Will Be Commenced
After the Becker Forgery-
Case Has Been Dis
posed Of.
"Walter Rosser. the youthful soldier who
shot and killed Henry Hildebrar.d In the
Spreckels Market on September 13 last,
must again stand trial for his crime.
After being out all night the jury reported
to Judge Wallace yesterday morning that
It could not reach an agreement. It was
stated that as to matters of law regard
ing the crime all agreed, and were gov
erned solely by the Instructions of the
court, but as to matters of fact they were
divided, and hopelessly divided, six of the
Jurors insisting that the prisoner should
be acquitted, while six were equally de
termined to hold the prisoner guilty of
murder in the second degree. Such being
the case, Judge Wallace discharged the
jury. .:'.;'
General Barnes, of counsel for the de
fendant, then asked the court to 3et as
early a date as possible for tho second j
trial, explaining that the father of the I
young man was not wealthy and could j
111 afford to remain here away from his
business. Judge Wallace stated that it
would be impossible to set the case for Im
mediate retrial, as the Becker forgery
case must nrst be disposed ofi This will \
occupy over a week, but at its conclusion '
Rosser's case will again be taken up.
Considerable surprise was expressed that
the jury failed to rind the defendant guilty ;
of manslaughter at least. Upon the charge ,
delivered by Judge Wallace it was impos- !
sible to find the prisoner guilty of murder j
in the first degree. The malice and pre- |
meditation necessary to complete this <
crime were wanting. The question there
fore remained. Was Rosser's crime com- j
mitted In the heat of passion, through |
drink or other excitement, or was he suf
fering from the effects of poison and un
conscious of his act? Six of the Jurors
held that he was not mentally responsible, ;
while six declared that he was. Such be- !
ing the case, another trial must be had.
ATHETICS FOR LADIES.
The Olympic Club Will Give One of
Its Excellent Entertainments
This Evening.
Under the direction of J. A. Hammer
smith, the popular athlete, the Olympic
Club will give at promises to be a first
j class athletic entertainment this even
i ing. It may be seen from the careful
' manner in which the programme was ar
ranged that a fund of sport 13 in store
I for the many ladies who will witness the
i exhibition. After the customary over
ture will follow the dancing ladder act
by J. Paine. Then will come in their re
spective orders horizontal bars by F.
i Cotton and R. Moll; meteor act by A.
M. Stone; double trapeze by G, Olsen
and A. McPherson; sparring by F. Car
ter and E. Sullivan, and T.
Manning and W. J. Leonard;
dumbbell and wand drill by schol
ars of the Chinese public school, under
the direction of Professor G. S. Miehllng;
acrobatics by Leandro brothers; club
: swinging by C. Slamberg, J. Kitchen and
H. Demming; wrestling by Professor G.
S. Mienlinp and C. T. Kreling and J. J.
Phillips and G. A. Hinkel; slack wire by
M. Eepinosa; fencing by P. Serre and
E. Ortion (single sticks); dueling by
I Professor L. Tronchet and F. Chaplus;
contortion act by T. Walsh; leaps by
McNully, Twohy, Stegeman, Cotton,
Moll, Burke, Swift, Raymond, Kinnie,
Naunton and Leandro.
'.n.e entertainment will commence at 8
f>. m. sharp, and those who desire seat
ng accommodations must be on time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRONG STATEMENTS.
Three "Women Relieved of Female
Troubles by Mrs. Pinkham.
From Mrs. A. W. Smith, 59 Summer
St., Biddeford, Me.:
"For several years I suffered with
various diseases peculiar to my sex.
Was troubled with a burning sensation
across the small of my back, that all-
gone feeling, was despondent, fretful
and discouraged; the least exertion
tired me. I tried several doctors but
received little benefit. At last I de-
cided to give your Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound a trial. The ef-
fect of the first bottle was magical.
Those symptoms of weakness that I
was afflicted with, vanished like vapor
before the sun. I cannot speak too
highly of your valuable remedy. It is
truly a boon to woman."
From Mrs. Mkmssa. Phii-Mps, Lex-
ington, Ind., to Mrs. Pinkham:
"Before I began taking your medicine
I had suffered for two years with that
tired feeling, headache, backache, noap-
petite, and a run-down condition of the
system, I could not walk across the
room. I have taken fo\ir bottles of the
Vegetable Compound, one box of Liver
Pills and used one package of Sanative
Wash, and now feel like a new woman,
and am able to do my work. "
From Mrs. Moixie E. Herrei., Pow-
ell Station, Term.:
"For three years I suffered with snch a
weakness of the back, I could not
perform my household duties, I also
had falling of the womb, terrible bear-
ing-down pains and headache. I have
taken two bottles of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound and feel
like a new woman. I recommend your
medicine to every woman I know. "
AMT7SEMENT&
RACING! RACING.' RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-09, beginning MONDAT,
Nov. 28, to SATURDAY. Dec. 10, Inclusive,
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Frlduy and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Rac*a Start at 2:15 p. m., Sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:80, 2, 2:80 and t p. m. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:1B
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOB. H. WILLIAMS . T R.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
" AD VEBTISEME2ITS.
Her Imperial Majesty,
Empress Marie Feodorowna of Russia
' •■ ■..;■
To Mr. Mariani, Paris, France.
Anitchkoff Palace, St. Petersburg, December 6, 1894.
"Her Majesty, Empress Marie Feodorowna,
finding great benefit from the use of your tonic-
wine, requests that a case of 50 bottles Yin
Mariani be sent immediately, addressed to Her
Majesty, the Em press.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
'Hm W S sf 1 *- T-' 1 VaT 9SB \tafi _ig Sjr agj V H mB
Mp 19 ma w* la BvvlEa «■ n^ff cm tSB V £& sS^SI!
MARIANI WINE, THE FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC FOR BODY, NERVES AND. BRAIN.
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over the world.
It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles, Throat and Lung
Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General Debility, Malaria, Wasting
Diseases and La Grippe.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE. " REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH
SPECIAL NOTICE —AII endorsements cited in our advertisements are absolutely bona-
flde. The originals are on file and will be cheerfully submitted to the Inspection of any and
all i>en>oni« applying.
KKWAKD.-Martftnl 'Vine contains absolutely no Injurious properties. It benefits all
and Injures none. A reward of $500 Is offered for information leading to the arrest and con-
viction of any person, or persons, issuing false and malicious statements calculated to ln-
jure the well established reputation of "YIN MARIANI." % MARIANI & CO.
SPECIAL OFFER — To all who write we send a book containing: portraits and In-
dorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES. CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS ond
other distinguished personages. BMB
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal— 2B-30 • Hospital Bt.
AMUSEMENTS.
DOCTORS' DAUGHTERS
...MODEL...
DOLL SHOW
MAPLE ROOM,
PALACE HOTEL.
Second Annual Exhibition
Thursday, Friday and Saturday,
December Ist, 2d and 3d.
from 1O a. m. to II p. rtt.
ADMISSION, 50c. CHILDREN, 25c.
I am acquainted with the case of the wife of a Tionse ptfnter IB
Brooklyn, who had the grip, and was confined to the house for three
months. She was in a listless state and suffered terribly with nausea,
It so happened that a friend had given some Ripans Tabules to thif
lady's sister who had suffered from indigestion, and as they did her so
tnuch good she thought she would try them on Mrs. Hill, feeling saw
that if they did her no good they would at least do no harm. Tho
patient was then in the hands of her physician, but soon she was so
much better that her neighbors noticed the change and asked about
It. She then said that she had changed her doctor, and laughingly
added, my new doctor is colored chocolate color. It seems that as
•ooq as she began to take the Tabules, she began to mend. The
BMfiea disappeared and she began to fed that, the ftttaw sdll had
days of sunsbine in store for hat.
amuse:i£n;s.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). Nov. 30.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
HARRY ATKINSON.
Imitator Musical Instruments.
JOE FLYNN,
Comedian and Monologulst.
EMMA CARUS,
World-Famous Barytone.
• LILLIE WESTERN, Premiere Musical
Artiste: WILSON FAMILY. Gn;at Coon Com-
edy Hit: MAUDE COURTNEY. in Old-Time
Sonsrs; HARRY LACY ANr> COMPANY, In
New Act. "One of the Old Guard": HER-
BERT'S WONDERFUL DOGS. Last Week of.
I NEXT CAMILLA URSO. World Fa-
mous Vlolinlste. : -- ■
ORPHEUMHEXTRA.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL,- MuiJcal Director.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Dec. 1. at 8:15.
PROGRAMME "INCLUDES:
Overture, "Romeo and Juliette". .Tschaikowsky
Symphony No. 1 In B flat Schumann
Prices, 75c, »1 and »1 50.
Beats now on sale at the Orphenm.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO.. Lessees and Manager*.
! . • TO-NIGHT. • •
KOSTER & BIAL'S
"Metropolitan In scene. Cosmopolitan la
cheerfulness and fun. Its colors as delirious .
as those of a poster. San Francisco- agrees,
with New York."— Chronicle. -i •-.
GAYEST
MANHATTAN.
FIRST MATINEE— BATURDAY. Deoembe*
5. Second and last week of this tremendous
farcical hit.
CALIFORNLATHEATER.
Last 4 Nights— Saturday.
MR. CHARLES
FROHMAN Complete Production of
PRESENTS
SECRET SERVICE,
With WILLIAM GILLETTE md Bif Splendid Cetapwj.
EXTRA-
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT,
Blaney's Greatest Bucc«es,
A BOY WANTED
THE ALL-FUN SHOW.
25 Leaders In Farce-Comedy.
The California's POPULAR PRICES. .
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush..
AT POPULAR PRICES.
EVENINGS 25c to 50c
OHL7 HATDfXX B»tnrd»y.23c- to SOo
TO-NIGHT! LAST TIME!
CYRANO DE BERGERAG
THURSDAY EVENING and Remainder of
Week.
• Dumas' Superb Comedy Drama, THE
CRUST OF SOCIETY.
(By Request) the Principal Success of the Hen-
der-sort Company's Former Engagement.
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Emporium.
Next Monday— "OLE OLSON."
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
rw*(\ I\IIPHT AND DURINO
-1 U-niUIl 1 ENTIRE .WEEK.
ONLY .MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROLAND REED'S t
Satirical Comedy,
THE
POLITICIAN
priceB , 15c, 25c, 85c, 50c
Seats by Phone Main 354. ■
Next Week-"THE PRIVATE SECRETART."
MOROSGO'SeRANDS
V'altjcb Mokosco, Bole Leasee and Maaogsa .
TO-NIOHT— All ThUl Week— TO-NIOHTt
A Btg Production of a Great Naval Dram*.
THE COMMODORE!
An Exciting Story of Our Late War Wit*
Spain,
EVENING PRICES— IOc, Jse and 60c;
MATINEE PRICES— 16e and 86c.
Seats on sale at box-offlce and main floor of
the Emporium.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUHDAT.
Tel. Green 861.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 7:R> SHARP.
Edmond Rostand's Romantic Play,
CYRANO
DE
BERGERAC!
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
Splendid Cast. Appropriate Accessories.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 1 P. M.
Popular Prices - *c and BO*
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee Mm
Our Telephone. Bush >.
OLYMPIA.co^i&on.
America' Most Beautiful Mnsio Hall.
ALL EASTERN STARS AND NOVELTTEa.
The Groat FREDA,
The Twlrllnjr Turkish Dancer.
OMNE,
Only Japanese Lady Juggler In the WorM.
KELLY AND VIOLETTE.
New Coon Songs. '; -
MULVEY AND INMAN.
The New York Stars, •'
AND TEN GREAT ACTS.'
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREH»
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINCk "
••CONGO," the Gorilla Man.
"JOE STORMB JR.," Orang-Outang, and
"SALLY," the Only Chimpanzee In America.
GREAT BILL In the FREE THEATER.
LOLA A6HBY, Eqn!llbri«t; CLAIRE FEX
and JACK ROBINSON, the Dainty Duo;
REYNARD, the Great Ventriloquist; CON-
CHITA, California's Favorite: A. L. RHORER.
with his Anlmatoscopic Descriptive Songs, and
a Splendid Vaudeville Programme.
TO-MORROW, THURSDAY. »
AMATEUR NIGHT!
10c. including Zoo and Theater; Children, So
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
CHARITY BAZAAR
—AND— ..I: \
CALIFORNIA GRAND MUSICAL CONTEST
(NOAH BRANDT ORCHESTRA.)
OPENING DAY,
THURSDAY, December Ist.
This day has been set aside for a Grand
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
For the
BRAVE FIREMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO.
CONCEBTS AMP BBBOBT*.
SUTRO BATHS,
Open Dally from J A. M. to 6 P. M.
B.thlna from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
APMI66ION 100 - - - ■*- CmUORBW 5* >
Bathing, with admission, Hoi children. M*.
78
COMMERCIAL RECORD
SUMMARY OK THE MARKETS.
Benzine and Gasoline advanced.
Silver higher.
Wheat and Freights quiet.
Barley weaker. rv;-.,.i
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay nominal. Feedstuffs as before. *
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. '
Butter and Cheese steady.
Eggs continue to decline.
More Eastern Poultry here.
Another decline in Game.
Fresh Fruit slow. Dried Fruit ditto. ■
Nuts firm and active.
Raisins steady. 3 ...
Some changes in Provisions.
Tallow armor, . Hides quiet.
Wool still dull. . . ■ .
Hops unsettled.
Meat market unchanged. -
Shtpmeat of $546,1)1l to China.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $346,911,
consisting of 5215.561 in Mexican dollars and
1128,060 in gold coin.
WEATHER REPORT.
. (120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) -■.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 29, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with these of same date last
season, and rainfall in 24 hours:
Last ■ This Last
Stations— ' 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.60 8.42 9.20
Red Bluff O.W \ 2.6S 4.18
.Sacramento o.i>4 1.61 2..4
San Francisco 0.06 2.38 2.80
Fresno'.." Trace 1.4S 1.41
San Luis Oblßpo 0.00 0.66 0.93
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 2.4S
San Diego 0.00 0.21 1.09
Yuma 0.00 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
fi. tntnl'V"" 1 ! 52; mean. 54-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm central last night off the Wash
ington coast has moved northeast into British
ibla. Rain has fallen from the vicinity
of San Luis ( *lsp and Fresno northward, but
the amount of rainfall was slight, except in
. er Sacramento Vailey, where nearly an
Jn.-li fell.
i 'ondlttons are now favorable for generally
fair weather in C-lilcrnia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending i:.:.!nigrht, November 30, U -
Northern California— Generally fair Wednes
day; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday, except clearing in
northeast portion. *
Utah— Local rain Wednesday.
Arizona— JTair in south portion, cloudy and
probably local rafn in north purtiori Wednes
day.
Snr. Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair
Wednesday; fresh west wind.
Special report from Mount TamalpjUs— Clear;
■wind nuiUnveat, ::_ miles; maximum velocity,
C 6 southwest; maximum temperature, 48; cur
rent, 42; rainfall .48. W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Profit taking was the
order on the Stock Exchange to-day. Some at
tempt was made to resist the declining tend
ency, but the persistent selling to realize dis
couraged the effort and support was finally
withdrawn throughout the list. Yesterday's
strong demand for London account fell off to
day, as it was generally supposed it would
when the effect or this buying on sterling ex
change was remarked. The approach of ex
change to the gold import point resulted in
an advance in the private discount rate in
London a^ain to-day, and this caused a rise
in London exchange at Berlin, which continues
to be the real center of the pressing need of,
money. London ceased to buy Americans, un
der Ihe stress of this threatening condition in
the exchange market. Nevertheless the stock
market showed advances at the opening here
and was sustained by heavy buying of the
Grangers on the Burlington statement. It was I
evident, however, a part of the recent buying j
of Grangers was in anticipation of this state
ment, and the same was evidently true of I
Union Pacific, which, with a large increase in
gross earnings and reduction in operating ex
penses, showed an additiun to the surplus of
$307,891. The publicationof these statements was .
therefore met with heavy realizing in South- j
crn Pacific and a number of specialties, includ
ing an extreme rise of r.V* in Sugar and an '
upward movement also of some of the low-, j
priced stocks remote from any dividend j
chances. But these were insufficient to coun- :
teract the general downward tendency, which ;
finally prevailed and made the closing weak •
at the lowest prices generally for the day.
Edison Illuminating' of New York made a con
spicuous advance of 14 points to 165.
There was strength of a few point 3 In the
bond market, but. the general tendency of
prices was downward in sympathy with stocks.
Total Bales, $4.105 ( 0u0 ' "' .
United States 2's advanced *i and the 3's %
In the bid price. ■'"■ '■'
Total sales of : stocks to-day were 574, 500
shares, including: Atchison, 33,720; Central
Pacific. 11,734; Burlington. 17,372; L. and N.. 18,
7SS; Manhattan, 71-": Metropolitan, 10.4:5 v; M.
K. and T. preferred. 7470; Missouri Pacific, 38,
227; North American, &210; Northern Pacific,
IS, 210; do preferred, 9123; Northwestern, 4370;
St. L. and S. F., 3200; do second preferred,
4745; Union Pacific. 26,000; do preferred, 22,000;
St. Paul, 39,765; Southern Pacific. 3935; South
ern. 7312; do preferred, 12,151; U. P. D. and G., ■
4850; Paper, 4t22; Tobacco, 11.225; Bay State
Gas. 3440; Federal Steel. 3320; do preferred.
4570; Linseed Oil, 7390; Pacific Mail, 4575; Su
gar, 56.252; Chicago G. AY., 84S0; Leather pre
ferred, 3025.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 164 St Louis & S F 8%
Do prefd 46% Do prefd 65%
Baltimore & Ohio. 55% Do 2d prefd. 34% j
Canada Pacific... 86% St Louis & S "W... 5%
Canada Southern.. 54% Do prefd. : 14
Cent Pac 29% St Paul 114^ !
Ches & Ohio 23% I Do prefd 162%
Chi & Alton 161 St P& Om 85=4
Chi B & Q 119 ! Do prefd 164
Chi & X 111 E9«iiSt P M & M 171
Do prefd 110% «- Paciflo 27' i
Chi G W 15 So Railway 10-i
Chi Ind & L..< S% Do prefd 40%
Do prefd 35 Texas & Pacific... 15%
Chi &N W 139 Union Pacific 3>>%
Do prefd. w ISO Do prefd 69%
C C C & St L 41% U P D & G 12%
Do profd SS Wabash 7g7 g
Del & Hudson 100% Do prefd 22
Del L & W 144 Wheel &L E 3%
Den & Rio G... 15% Do prefd.......:.. 18%
Do prefd '. .. 62% Express Companies —
Erie (new) -13% Adams Ex 107
Do Ist prefd 37% American Ex 143
Ft Wayne 174 United States 45
Gt Nor prefd. 135% Wells Fargo 125
Hocking Val 3% Miscellaneous — ■
Illinois Cent 111% A Cot Oil 31%
Lake Erie & W.... 14 Do prefd 86%
Do prefd 64 Am Spirits 11%
Lake Shore 193 Do prefd 38%
Loui6 &>Xasb 62"i Am Tobacco 135%
Manhattan L 97 Do prefd 127
Met St Ry 1794 Cons Gas 183%
Mich Cent 109 % i Com Cable Co 175
Minn & St L 25% Col F & Iron. 22%
Do Ist prefd 93 Do. prefd 77
,M Pacific. ..:.... 37% Gen Electric 82
Mobile & Ohio 27 Haw Com Co 47
Mo K& T 12 Int Paper 69%
Do prefd 34% Do prefd 92%
N J Central 93 Laclede Gas 49%
N T Central 118 Lead 35
N T Chi & St L... 13 Do preffl 111%
Do Ist prefd....:. 71 Nat Lin 0i1....... 8%
Do 2d prefd; 35 Pacific Mall 36%
Nor West 15 People's Gas 108%
No Amer Co Pullman Pal 139%
No Pacific 41% Silver Certificates. 60%
Do prefd 75% Stand R & T 7%
Ontario & W 16% Sugar 124%
Or R & Nay 50 Do prefd 112%
Or Short Line 35% T C & Iron 30%
Pac C Ist prefd... 77 US Leather 6%
Do 2d prefd 57 Do prefd 67%
Plttsburg ......172 U S Rubber 43%
Reading 18% Do prefd 104%
Do Ist prefd 45 ("West Union 93%
RG "W 27 Fed Steel Co 31%
Do prefd 62 Do prefd.......... 76
Rock Island 108 Brook R T 67
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 105% N T Central lsts..llß
U 8 new 4s reg....127% N J C 5s 114
Do coup 125% North Carolina 65.. 129%
V S 4s 112% Do 4s .104
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 118
Do 2da »8% Do 3b 67
U S Gs reg 113 Do 4s 101%
Do 6s coup 113% N T C 4 St L 45.. 105%
District 3.65s 118% Nor '& W 6s 122
Ala class A 109% Northwest c0n5015.142%
, Do*B ;-.... .109% Do deb 65.. ......117%
Do C ICO O Nay lsts 114
Dq Cnrrency ....102 O Nay 4s 101 Vi
At^hisoji 4s 97% O 8 Line 6s term.. l3o
Do adj 45........ 74' i O S Line 5s term..
Can So 2ds 109% Pacific Cs of ...102%
C & O 4%s Reading 4b 84%
Chi Term 4s 94 . R G W lsts.; 90%
C & Ohio 55......11G%'8t L & I M Con ss. 97%
C H & D 4%s 104% St L,& S F G 65.122%
D& X G lsts 108 St P Con 161%
D & It G 4s.'. 09 St PC & P 15t5. ...121
East Teitn 15t5.. ..107 I Do 5s 119
Erie Gen 45........ 74% So Ry Es .....104
F \V & D lsts tr. . 79Vi Standard R& T 6s. 79
Gen Elec 5s 109 Term new set 35.. 93%
GH&S A6s 105 Tex Pac L G lsts.lo9
Do 2ds 104 Do Reg 2ds 46%
H & T C.Sa 110 Union Pac 45.... 101%
! Do con 6s .' 110 U P D & G lßts.. 85%
lowa C 15t5........ 104% Wabash Ist 65.... 111%
La new connols 4b. 106% Do 2ds .......... 9.1
L & N Unl 45.... 94?» W Shore 4s 112%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Onturies .... 81%
MX & T 2ds 65% Do deferred 7 -
Do tk 92% Wis Cenf, lsts.... 62 :
MINING STOCKS.
n>nllar ......... 20 Ontario 425
Crown Point ...... 17 Ophir 69
Con "al i Va .... 120 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 I Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curyy.... ' 16 1 Do prefd ........ 400
Hale & Norcross.. 120 Sierra Nevada .... 105
Homestake ; 50 00 Standard ........... 1 75
Tmn Silver ' .... " 77 ' Union Con 21
MeSlcwi ...:::::./. 8«'Tellow Jacket .... 15
' BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.,
• Money— '• '*- I Westingh-E1ec..... 37%
Call Moans.. t@3\ Do prefd 69
Time loans «4Ed Elec Te1........ 195
Stocks- C,en Eiec prefd.. . .166
A T & S Fe ICU Atch prefd 47
Amer Sußiir ■ 124% Bonds—
Do prefd ... 112% Atchison 4s 97
-Bay State Gas.... 2V4 Mining Shares— > --
Bel) Tel 281 Allouez Mtning Co. 5
Boston & AJ ban*. 247 Atlantic ............ 33%
Boston & Maine.. .166% Boston & Mont..
Boston L 77»i Butte & 805t0n .. .68%
Chi Bur & Q 119VJ Calumet & Hec1a..620
Fitchburg 104»i Centennial 25*
t;f:i Electric 82% Franklin .. Yl\
Mexican Central... 474 7 Old Dominion 34%
NY & N Eng 97 Osceola 71
Or Short Line 'i:>% Quincy 141
Rubber 43Vi' Tamarack, 17S
Union Pac 3S=i ! Wolverine 32V
','.■■ • End 89>4 Humboldt 3%
Do prefd .110 j
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Stocks were
generally good here to-day, with a ellght re
vival of activity in all the speculative markets.
Speculative interest in Americans undoubtedly
rrowi but opinions as regards a continuance
of the rise are much divided. Those who are
inclined to lie pessimistic have an eye to the
meeting ot < '.ir.Kress next month. The feature
to-day in Americans was the sharp rise in
Central Pacific, which was bought here and
from Germany. Prices of Americans closed un
der the best. New York has been bidding for
p Id in the open market, but It was outbid by
Germany at 77s 11 %d.
New York exchange is watched closely,
though leading American houses here say New
York is not likely to take much gold at pres
ent.
Canadian Pacific, 88; Grand Trunk. 8%; bar
ellver, steadier at 27^d; money. 2^@2% per
cent; Spanish -i's ciosed at 41 5-16.
PARIri. Nov. 29.— Spanish 4's. 42.10.
NEW TORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW TORK. Nov. FLOUR— Receipts,
13,388 barrels; exports, 13,580 barrels. Moder
ately active and steady; Minnesota patents,
$3 75@4; Minnesota bakers, $2 90@3 15; winter
straits, $3 45<g-3 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 160,300 bushels: exports,
108,235 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 76% c f.
o. b. afloat. Options opened steady on bull
ish Argentine rumors; December liquidation
again ensued, however, and broke the market,
prices ruling heavy all the afternoon, and
closing %@%c net decline. Muy, i 0 15-16®
71 7-16 c. closed 71c.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS— A slight reaction in tin and a
stiffening of lead were the only changes of im
portance noted in to-day's metal market. Busi
ness on the whole was of small volume, buyers
being- indifferent and sellers indisposed to press
sales by offering concessions. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON"— Warrants nominal at $7 25.
LAKE Unchanged with $12 S3 bid
and $13 asked.
TIN— with JIS 35 bid and $18 45 asked. '
LEAD— Firmer with $3 67% bid and $3- 72% :
I asked. The firm naming the nettling price for
learline: Western miners and smelters quotes
lead $3 50/
SPELTER— Unchanged with $5 25 bid and
$5 35 asked. .- .
COFFEE — Options opened and closed firm, 5;
to 10 points net higher. Sales, 14,250 bags, in- !
eluding: December. $5 45; March, $5 7.',<§5 % 80;
May. $5 BS«|5 95; June. $5 95. Spot Coffee — Rio
steady; No. 7 invoice, 6V4c; No. 7 jobbing, 6*ic
Mild steady: Cordova, 15c.
SUGAR— Raw strong but quiet: fair refining,
i 4c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses, 3?ic.
Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6073 packages, steady;
Western creamery, 15@23%c ; Elgins, 24c; fac
! Tory, llU«15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6736 packages; steady with
Western 26c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Nov. California dried fruits
steady to firm. ...
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7©Be:
I prime wire tray. S@S%c; choice, 9@9}4c; fancy,
) 9%c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c: Moorpark. 13@17c. I
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8%@12%c; peeled, IS®
20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
. CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— The immediate opening
in wheat was rather dull, May starting at a
decline of *4c and December I ,i©'%o lower. Liv
i erpool, failed 10 respond to yesterday's advance
I here and Northwest receipts were very heavy.
j That gave the market the easy opening. Re
! ports that a heavy snowstorm prevailed in the
I Dakotas, suggesting consequent decreases in
j receipts, was apparently, the only reason for a I
' brief advance. Then followed a period of de- |
pression which lasted until about 11 o'clock. j
After this the market became linnet Closing i
cables, notably from Paris, showed^trength, |
itnd seaboard r.eports were excellent. Strength •
i in corn also helped to create the demand here. !
• "The demand gradually fell off, however, and ';
during the last thirty minutes' " trading- the ■
; market was quite weak. December finally de- :
• clined to tS%C and closed at 65?i@66c.
I Corn, though having periods of depression,
was in the main firm. Prices advanced during
the morning, but the advantage was lost when
wheat weakened. May closed unchanged.
Oats followed corn very closely. There was
only a fair business transacted. Closed un- i
changed. - • ■■■■■■■
Provisions were dull but firm. in the face of I
; heavy receipts of hogs. Room traders as a '
I rule were bullish. Shorts took advantage of j
I the natural business to cover and there was I
also some buying for the long account. Pack- I
, ers were moderate sellers. There was some j
■ depression near the end on aceotmt of the de- i
i clines in grain. At the close January pork was i
! 5c higher, January lard 2%c higher and Janu
> ary ribs -2%c higher. —
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Whi at No. 2—
November .... .... 65*4
December 6574 66% 65% 65*4
May 66% 66% 65T4 66
Corn No. 2—
November 33 33% S3 33%
December 33 33% 33 33%.
May 34% 34% 34<4 34% I
Oats No. 2—
December 26*4 - 26% . 25% 264
I .May 26% 26*4 26% .26%
| Mess Pork, per barrel—
i 'December 7 77% 785 755 775
: January 9 02% 915 9 02% 9 07%.
May 9 22% 9 32% 9 22% 9 27%
Lard, per 100 pounds — ■
December 4 «2% 490 4 82% 485
January 495 5 02% 495 4 <>7%
May 5 10 5 15 5 10 5 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
i December f . ........ 4 42V4 445 4 42* 445
January 465 4 62% 455 4 57%
j May 4 67% . 4 72% 4 67% 4 72%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, easy; No. 3 spring Wheat, f. o. b., 63@ i
65c; No. 2 red, 67©70 c; No. 2 Corn, 33% c; No. 2 I
Oats, f. o. b., 2&>V*@2S%c; No.. 2 white, f. o. b.,
30% c; No. 3 white, f. o. b.. 28%@29%c; No. 2
Rye, 52c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b., 40@50c: No. 1
Flaxseed^ 94@97%c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 20; I
Mess Pork, per barrel, $7 80<g7 85: Lard, per 100 j
pounds, $4 87%@5 02%: Short Rib Sides, loose,
$4 50@4 70; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4%@
4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $4 So@4 90;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, ■ per gallon,
$1 26; Sugar, cut loaf, $5 89; granulated, $5 39.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .;... 43.000 28.000
Wheat. - bushels 119,000 71,000
Corn, bushels 145.000 1,045,000
Oats, bushels 310.000 221,000
Rye, bushels 16.000 11,000
Barley, bushels 73,000 16.000 j
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter i
market was quiet -and firmer; , creameries, 14®
21% c; dairies, 12%@15c. Cheese, steady; B%@
10% c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 21@22c. '.~:-~ ■■ •
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
' Receipts. Receipts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 284,900 ■ 122.310
Duluth , 1,125,300 650,156
Milwaukee .* 126,000 18,200
Chicago : 119,250 ' 71,123
Toledo 40.852 5.000
St. Louis 65,000 • 194.000
Detroit 9,825 4,146
Kansas City ....,, 61.000 105,000
Totals 1,812,227 1,169,935
Tidewater-
Boston 113,923 49,021
New York 161,300 108,235
Philadelphia 33,340. 39,698
Baltimore .■
New Orleans . 102,857
Galveston 60,088 .
Totals '....... ■ 
V LIVERPOOL. FUTURES. ' .'; ':>■
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening ....6 I%_ 6 10%
Closing 6 1 ' 6 10%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Nov. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 47 06 46 05
Closing ...: 47 35 46 20
Wheat— ' ■ *: " .:* t *v.;; ; '
Opening 22 40 2140
Closing 22 85 21 45
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indic;<»_, the
following changes In the visible supply of
grain last Saturday, as compared with the pre
• ceding Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
Reckies, Increase, 3,008,000; Liverpool Corn
; Trade News reports afloat for and in Europe,
1 increase, 800,000; total supply. Increase, 3,808 -
000.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of
• Rockies, decrease, 1.452,000.
1 Oats, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase, 801,000. .
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land. Or.. • Tacoma and Seattle. Wash., in
; creased 99.000 last week.
) EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
) ' : • ■ 'CHICAGO.
I CHICAGO, Nov. ; 29.— CATTLE— Demand mor
[ crate.' Native beef steers, $4(54 25 for common;
i $4 50@4 75 for fair to medium and $5@5 60 for
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
good to strictly prime shipping and export lots.
Canning cows were about 10c lower, few going
as low as $1 50; butcherinc cows and heifers
were steady; calves were Bteady; stockers and
feeders, J3 30£r4 20.
HOGS— Market active and steady sales rang
ing at $3 10@3 45 for the commonest to the
best: pigs. 53&3 20; hogs sold largely at $3 35.
SHEEP— The supply of sheep and lambs was
excessive. Lambs, $3 50@5 50 for inferior to
prime flocks; good to choice. $5@5 35; yearlings,
$4 25@4 75; sheep sold at J2 50® 4 25 for inferior
to choice, not much being done below $3 50; nice
feeding sheep were held at $3 S5.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs, 40,000; sheep, 16,
000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts.
13.000; steady. Native steers. S3 25©5 20; Texas
steers, $3 10<Jj4 50; Texas cows, S2 15(5/3 10; na
tive cows and heifers. « 50@4 10; stockers and
feeders, $3® 4 GO; bulls, $2 50<@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 26,000; heavies and others
weak. Bulk oi sales, $3 15@3 30; heavies. S3 20
©3 So: packers, $3 lDf3 30; mixed. S3 10@3 30;
lights, $3@3 22%; yorkers, $3 20@3 22%; pigs
S2 S5r 0 3 10.
SHEEP — Receipts, 6000; market steady.
Lambs, $4@5 20; muttons. $2 50@4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4100;
steady. Native beef steers, $4 30@5 30; West
ern steers, $3 75® 4 2S; Texas steers. $3 5*54;
cows and heifers. S3 25ig > 4 25; stockers and feed
ers. S3 40@4 40; bulls, stags, etc., S2 40<&3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, S500; market firmer; heavy,
$3 :C@3 22%; mixed. S3 17%f@3 20: light. S3 20®
3 22' 2 : pigs. $3@3 2rt; bulk of sales. $3 20@3 22%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 700; market rteady. Na
tive muttons, S3 70@4 40: Westerns, $3 50@4 25;
stock sheep, $2 75©3 50; lambs. $4 25®5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER. Nov. 29. —CATTLE— Receipts, 950;
slow and lower. Beef steers. $3 50@4 25; cows.
S2 to@3 25; feeders, freight paid to river, S2 75
@4: stockers. do, S3 50@4 15; bulls, stags, etc.,
SI 75® Z 50.
HOGf?— Receipts, 300; market slow and lower.
Light packers, S3 20@3 25; mixed. $3 17%©3 22%;
heavy, $3 lO*^ 16.
SHEEP— Receipts, none: market dull.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Earl Fruit Com
pany's California fruit sales were as follows:
Tokay. 65c@$l 70; Verdelle. 85c©$l 35; Cor
nlchon, $1 15@2 05; Muscat, $1 04; Fererra, $1 25
©1 40.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's California fruit eales were as follows:
Red Emperor. $1 27- Clusters, $2 40; Emperor,
$1 09; White Emperor, $1 30.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— The sixth series of the
wool sales opened to-day with a large attend
ance. Buyers were well represented from all
sections except America. The majority of the
sales were taken by the Continent to-day.
Merinos offered included many lines of New
South Wales and Queensland stock. New clips
were In good condition. Crossbreds contained a
large proportion of clips throughout.
There was a fair inquiry for South Australia
and West Australia greasies. A small supply
of crossbreds sold at unchanged prices. Me
dium coarse was neglected and declined 5 per
cent. Cape of Good Hope and Natal stock was
I well represented and sold briskly at October
I prices. The number of bales offered to-day
were 12.458.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— Consols. 11l 9-16; silver.
27Sd; French rentes, 102f 35c; wfceat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passags,
nominal, unchanged; No. 1 standard California,
30s 6d; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 29. — Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm;
French country markets, steady; weather In
England, cold.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western firm, 6s 4%d
CORN — November, nominal; December easy,
3s lOd.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-32 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet: November,
nominal; December 6s Id; March. 5s 10»fcd.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Nov. 29.— Wheat exporters made
no change In quotations to-day and the mar
ket will probably drag out the month Just as
U has acted all through. Walla Walla, 69c;
valley, 62c; blueetem, 63c.
Cleared — Ship Strousa. for Queenstown. with
116,731 bushels wheat; steamer Monmouthshire,
for China and Japan, with 25. 263 barrels flour
and miscellaneous cargo, Including 2500 dozen
bottles beer for Manila.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 26.— WHEAT— Club. 60c; blue
stem, 63c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Nov. 28.— Exchanges, $369,543:
balances. $81.617.
• LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — S4 83>4
Rterllng Exchange, sight — 4 86' i
Hterllng Cables — 4 S7
New York Exchange, sight -i- 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Tine Silver, per ounce — 59^
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
_____ _
WHEAT FREIGHTS— ■ dull at 25s
for large and 26s 3d for small vessels. The
chartered wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 20.550, against 68.400 tons on the
came date last year; disengaged. 21.121 tons,
against 10,850; on the way to this port. 145.600
tons, against 164,480.
WHEAT — Quotations showed no change
worthy of note. The market was quiet and"
featureless.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, SI 15@1 17%; milling.
SI 20@l 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 2ooo ctls,
19%; 2080. $119%: 2000. $1 19%. .
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 19%; 20,000,
it 19%; December— 4ooo, SI 16%; 6000. SI 16%.
Regular Morning Session — May— ctls.
1119%: 30,000, SI 19%: December— 6ooo. $115%;
16,000 $1 15Vi: 10.000. $115%; 8000, $115.
Afternoon Session— May— l4,ooo ctls, $1 20; 14,
000. $1 19T». , . . „
BARLEY— The market was weaker and dull.
Feed, $1 23»i@l 26»4; Brewing, SI 32%@1 45 per
€t '" CALL BOARD SALES. 10, j
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 2000
ctls. .SI 28V*: 6000, $1 28.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning December— 2ooo ctle,
* ' Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
Si 28%; 4000. $1 2SV_. ,
OATS— There was rather more inquiry, but
the market was quiet at best. There were
h.-avy receipts of 18.020 ctls from Washington.
Fancy Feed. $1 27%@1 30 per ctl; good to
choice $1 22%@1 25; common, $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise SI 35^1 42%: Gray. SI 20@l 22%; milling,
$r2s@l 30 per ctl; Red, SI 40@l 47%; Black.
' ICORN't-Dullnessl CORN't-Dullness still characterizes this mar
ke s t mall round yellow, SI 15@1 17%; Eastern
large yellow, SI 107%; white. ——^mtxed,
Si C2%@l 05.' per. ctl; California White , — .
RYE-Dull and unchanged. California. $1 20
@1 22%; Eastern. SI 15@1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal. — ;-"'■
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Prices for all descriptions under this head
have be.en stationary for a long time.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 16@4 25; bakers
extras. S3 per bbl. !»-«*■«. £J&
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In sacks are «• W
lr,we usual discount to the trade: Graham
iw>- Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 60; extra
c^'arn Cornmea. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groa?s $4^o? Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
FMour $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. ns3n $3 75; Farina,
U 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 6a@6 05; Pearl
Barley *5; Split Peas, S4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
p^r 100 lbs. ' '. -: ''", ' "~
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The rain stopped all dealing in Ha 7 y«f
terdf" morning. . Feedstuffs stood the same.
RRAN— SI4 5Q015 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FFEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, • i »31@31 60; Job
bing $32032 60: Cocoanut Cake.,t24@26; Cotton
slel'Meai; $28®30 per ton; Commeal, $23 50<8>
2< C AL&OR^IA CO 'HAY^eat. Sl6 56@18 for
good to choice and «at 6 for lower grades;
no^fancy coming in: Wheat «« Alfalfa,
Oat $14®16? Island Barley. -11@14 ; Alfalfa,
SU®l2 50; Stock. $11®12; Clover, nominal.
Ot'TSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.) —
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@15: Cheat.
*12@12 50; ! Alfalfa, Slo@lo 50; Oat $13@14 50;
Clover. SU WXgil2 60: Timothy, $11 6O@IS per ton.
STRAW— 3S@76c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dealers continue • quote a firm market on
Beans, without any, change In prices. Seeds
remain as before. Offerings of Dried Peas are
it «ieniflcant and quotations are nominal.
BEAN^Bayos. $1 95@2 05: Small Whites.
$2 150£ a 20; Large Whites. $1 80@l 90; Pinks.
$1 90412 05 •' Reds. S3 26; Blackeye. S3 Bo@3 75;
Butters. *2@2 50; Llmas. $3 25@3 35; Pea, *2 15@
2 25; Red Kidneys, S2 4002 50 per ctl
SEEDS— Mustard, $4-6004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax. 52«?2 25; Canary
Seed^2>Xe2%c. per lb; Alfalfa. 6%0>7c: Rape.
"l(S%c: llemp, 2U@3c; Timothy. B(S>s%c.
DRIED -PEAS-Nir* '. 26@1 40; Green, fl 50
@1 75 per - " ' ■ , : '
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions have not changed much
for some time. Vegetables are featureless.
POTATOES— 3OO*4OO for Early Rose and 30®
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
1 10- Oregon, 65c@Sl; Sweet Potatoes, 50®
600 for nearby and SI 25 for Merced; New
Potatoes, l@2c per lb.
ONIONS— 4O@66c per ctl; Pickle Onjons, 35®
BO'- er ctl. _
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. s@6c; String
Beans, s@7c; Cabbage, 40®50c; Tomatoes. 25®
80c for Bay and 75c@Sl tor Los Angeles;
Garlic, 50j'6c per lb; Dried Okra, 10c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash. Slo@l2 per ton; Carrots.
2Dg3sc per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16@18c granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at $5@5 50 for
hens, $5 for old roosters, $5@5 50 for young roos
ters, $4 for fryers. $5 50 for ducks.
Local Poultry was weak, owing to the free
arrivals from the East. Receipts of Game were
excessive, and the market again declined.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 13© 16<? : live
Turkeys. 13@14c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 &0(g.l 75: Goslings.
$1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4 50@6 for old and S4 50»cf6
for young; Hens, $3 sf^4: young Roosters, $4
@4 60; old do. $4 @4 50; Fryers, $4<§4 50; Broil
ers. $4@4 50 for large. $3@3 50 for small: Plg
teons, Jl'ui 25 per dozen for old and $1 :><>'<j 1 75
for squabs.
GAME— Quail, $l(ftl 25; Mallard. $3; Canvas
back. $3<g7; Sprit. $1 25@2; Teal. Sl®l 25; Wid
geon, $I@l 25; Small Duck. $1; English Snipe,
$2; Jack Snipe, $1; Gray Geese. $2<S2 50; White
Geese, $1; Brant. $1 ■£<$! 50; Honkers, $3@4 50;
Hare. II; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails
and $1 25 for smal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is steady at full prices, but dealers are
unable to effect any p ee. Cheese is steady
at the Improved prices.
Egps were off again, though yesterday's re
ceipts were scanty.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23®24c; sec
onds, 20@22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, lSrfr-Oc; common
grades, 15©17% c.
J'ickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll,
17018 c: creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
lb; Elgin, 22<522i..,c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll<gll%c; old, 9@
10c; Cream Cheddar, !l?n2c: Young America,
11%®12%c; Easter- 12^®13%c.
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, 38® 40c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 35@37%c; Eastern, 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27V4»2f£e for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Deciduous fruits of all descriptions are slow
of sale, and the summer kinds will soon be
gone altogether.
"'.•'•us .rults are also dull at unchanged
prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 50<63 per chest for large and
for small.
Cranberries, $B{?9 per barrel for Eastern
and $1 75@2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 40@60c per box; crates sell 10@15c
higher than boxes.
Raspberries. S3'g'4 per chest.
Apples, 35(g*>0c for common, 75@85c per be*
for No. 1 and $l(gl 25 for choice. "Lady Ap
ples. SI 50<£i2.
Pears— soc®l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 snif 3 30
per box; Seedlings, $I@l 25; Mandarins, $1 25®
1 50: Lemons, Jlijf2 for common and $2 50(94 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. S3 50@4; Cali
fornia Limes, 50®75c per small box: Grape
Fruit. $:*©■;; Bananas, SI 50@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, |3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Walnuts and Almonds are very firm. The for
mer are in active demand and the latter are
practically out of the market.
Raisins are In fair request and steady.
Small Prune 3 continue in demand, but no ad
vance is obtainable. The other dried fruits are
quiet.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50's, 4%
@'5c for 50-60' s, 3«_c for 60-70' s, 3c for 70-80' a,
2%c for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and l'->c
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2%igsc; Peaches,
6@7%c for good to choice, 7%@Se for fancy and
10(5 12%c for peeled; Apricots. 10@12c for Royals
an 1 12'g12%c for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
7=hl«7%c; sun dried. 4®4%c; Black Figs, sacks.
2ifi-2%c; Plums, 4%(?6c for pitted and l@l%c for
unpttted; Nectarines. 6@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears. 6ig'Rc for quarters and B(g9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, i\c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown. s%'Jrt%c for Seed
less Sultanas. 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%03c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, *<ffl2%c per lb; Walnuts,
6@7c for hardshell. LKjyijc for softshell; Almonds,
6(g7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell. 14@15c for
paper- shell: Peanuta, 6!&7c for Eastern and 4%
@5c for California; Coeoanuts. $4 f><)<gT,.
HONEY-Comb, 10<&llc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6%iJJ>
7c: light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Some changes will be noted, the first for
some little time. Salted Beef Is scarce and
firm. The market is in fair shape, though not
active.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium. 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and I_'gil2%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10(&10%c; California
Hams. 9%(f&3_c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. Sl2 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $1S; mess. $15 60®
16; Smoked Beef, 11%@12c per lb.
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 6%*g7c for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tierces, 4^@sc per lb for compound
un.d 6c for pure; half -barrels, 6%c: 10-Ib tins,
7%ic: 5-lb tins, 7%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 5 7 »(i(€'ic; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, >•'■»■. 5-lb pailo, 12 in a
case, i*%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-1 b
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7Tic; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7vic; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Some dealers are quoting a weaker market
for Hops. Hides are quiet and unchanged.
Tallow is firmer.
A local circular says of Wool: "Some small
sales of Wool are being made, but no large
business is In sight. The Bales are chiefly made
through constant forwarding of samples to
Eastern dealers, and where they are pleased
with a sample and can get inducements In
prices they will buy. As to local operations
they don't talk Wool. The Ukiah and Clover
dale sales of fall Wool, which were recently
held, had a bad effect upon the trade. Prices
ruled there 7o to 9c for average lots and no
spirit was shown to buy at this extremely low
quotation. Not that the Wools were not worth
more, because they brought as much or more
under frfe trade conditions, but because spec
ulators and manufacturers are wholly Indif
ferent as to Wool prices, feeling that stocks are
too large for the time being to operate with
any safety as to results."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. KVfec; light, 8c; Cowhides.
BOSHo; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, ?Hc: Calf. BV4c;
dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip ana Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c: Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15<{i250 each; sliort wool, 30<&> I
40c each; medium. 60f£i80c; long wool, 90cigl ft)
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75®2 for large and
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 s<)
for large and Coc@sl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3*i<*?3%e per lb;
No. 2. 2%c: refined, WixSe; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', PStllc: San Joaquin and Southern. 7
months', Sfa N 9c; Foothill and Northern, free.
12SHC; Foothill and Northern, defective, 10®
12c; Middle County, 13igl6c; Humboldt and Men
docino, H'.jlfic; Nevada. WgiUc; Eastern Ore
gon. 10@12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@U
Northern Mountain 8@ 9
Mountain 7f?| 9
Plains Gifji 8
HOPS— IB9B crop, HQV,c per lb for ordinary;
choice would bring more. The market Is un
settled
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bag* for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, Ec, s^c and
b\c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $8: Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. J6; Coos Bay, J5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $S 50 'in bulb, and $10
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eic«. $14;
Cannel, $S 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in Backs.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9%c; Sisal, 8&c; Duplex,
B%c basis. ,'•
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, $1 35@1 40;
Peaches, $1 40@l 75; Pearß, $1 40; Apricots, $1 40.
Plums. 95c. - -. ■ .-■-'. "■..... »*»'.■
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 85c@$l 25;
Asparagun, $1 60@l 75; Tomatoes, 95c.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14@15c for prime
washed, 13igi3%c for good washed. IStg'Hc for
good to prime washed peaberry, 11"4@12V4c for
good peaberry, 12®13e for good to prime, 10i<>f§>
lie nominal for good current mixed with black
beans, 9@10%c for fair, s%@Bc for common to
ordinary. Salvador— ll@l3c for good to prime
washed, 9©loV6c for fair washed, lO'.s^ll^c for
good to prime washed peaberry, S'/iS^e . for
superior unwashed, 8c for good green , un
washed, 9V4@loc for good to prime unwashed '
pcaberry. Nicaragua— B@S%c nominal for good
to superior unwashed. 9Vi@loc nominal for good -
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l4@l6Hc for prime to fancy washed,
10V4@HVic for good to strictly good washed. 9S
10c for fair washed. 7@B%c for medium, s<B>6%c
for inferior to ordinary, 11%@12c for good to
prime washed peaberry, - 9%@10c for good un
washed peaberry, S®S%c for . good to . superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 4c; cases, se
lected. 4V4c; Imitation Eastern, 5V4c: boneless,
6^c; strips, s%@7Hc; blocks, r,v;iS7c; tablets,
7V4c; middles, 6%@8V40 per lb; desiccated. 87V4c
per dozen; pickled cod, . barrels, each, . $S;
pickled cod. half-barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— Leather, t heavy. 25@28c per
lb: Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, ,23@25c:- rough Leather, heavy, 24(j?25c;
rough Leather, light, 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium.- 27®
30c; Harness Leather, light, 26@28c: Collar
Leather. 14@16c per foot: Kip, finished, 40@45c
per lb: Veal, finished, 50(3>55c; Calf, finished. 75c
@$1; Sides, finished, 16ig:i"c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14ai6c per lb; Rough Splits. B®loc.
"OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1."95 c;
Marrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' " rates) ;
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled. 46c; raw, 44c;
cases, Ec more: Lard Oil, extra. winter strained,
barrels, r>6c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 6c more; China
Nut, 45®53c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, • 65c; cases, 70c: .No. 1, barrels, ' 65c;
cases, 60c: ; . Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white,
40c; bleached white. 45c; Whale Oil. natural
white, 40c; bleached white, <sc: Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, ■" white and house colore. $1 25®
1 35 per gallon: wagon colors. |2@2 25 per^gal-^
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk, 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases. 17^c: Astral -Oil.
17Mjc: Star Oil, 17^c; Extra Star Oil. Zl^c-
Elaine OH, 22>4c; Eocene Oil. 19* c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 13% c; In cases. 19c.
Benzine, in bulk, 12Vic; cases, 17^c; 86-degre*
Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases, 25c.  „_
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles—6s, 1" oz.
7%c; 6s, 14 oz, 694 c: 6s, 12 oz. 6c; 6s. 10 or.
5%c. Granite (Mining) Candles-*s, 16 oz. 9%c.
6s, 14 oz, B>ic; 6s. 12 oz. 74c: 6s. 10 oz. 6*ic.
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s. white.
BHc; colored. 9%e.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 58c: in Iron barrels.
53c; in wooden barrels, 65c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 41c; raw, barrels.
39c; cases, 5c more. , , ,„
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask lor local use
and $3S@3S 50 for export. • "J . ■,„„
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube crusnea
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, «M>c; Candy
Granulated. 5%c; Dry Granulated, o^c; Confec
tioners A. 6Hc; California A, sV*c; MaKnolla A.
sHc:.»xtra C, sc: Golden C. 4T*c; half-barrels,
%C more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or it*
equivalent. ,',- '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices remain without change. Packers are
getting all the Hogs they want at the top
quotation.
Wholesale, rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a.s follows: '•■"'.-'' ","i
BEEF— First quality, 6V4@6*ic; second qual
ity, 6c; third quality, 4%@5%c.
VEAL— Large, B<gSWc: small, S@S%c pcr ■ lb.
MUTTON— 7@7%c; Ewes. 6&@7c.
LAMB— per lb. :. •-■••
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 4>/*c for me
dium and 3Vi(f?3Hc for small; stock Hogs, zy*
@3c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. November 23.
Flour, qr sks.... 14.420 Wine, gals 791 2?2
Wheat, otls 40 Sugar, bags 740
Barley. ctls 670 Raisins, boxes... 300
Oats, ctls 400 Beans, ska 1,155
Corn, ctls 123 Potatoes, sks... 2.700
Cheese, ctls 6 Onions, sks 615
Butter, ctls 16 Middlings, sks.... 164
Eggs, doz 300 Hops, bales 62
Leather, r0115.... 291 Shorts, sks 1,090
Lumber, feet 20.000 Hay. tons 204
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 10.939, Wheat, ctls 6,785
Barley, ctls 5.760 Onions, sks
Oats, ctls 425 Hay. tons 10
Potatoes sks 1,576 Hops, bales 5-
Sborts, sks 1,030
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks 3.916 Barley, ctls 310
Oats, ctls 18.020 Flaxseed, sks 300
Bran, sks 4741
EASTERN.
AUalfa seed. txks. 172 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weak at a general de
cline.
Local securities were quiet again, with c, de
cline in Hutchinson Plantation.
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines of Eureka and. Hamilton
districts, Nevada, for the week ending No
vember 25: Diamond mine, 66,450 pounds;
'Eureka Con., 71,970; Jackson, 33,340; Rich
: m.md, 30,340; Silver Connor. 40.720. From
i Hamilton-Cornell, 44,060; Rocco - Smith &.
1 Jackson, 76,370.
The Parrot Silver and Mining Company of
! Montana -has declared an extra dividend of S
'< per cent, or 30 cents per share, on Its 229,800
shares of capital stock, payable December 1.
To date this company has paid $2,069,898 in
dividends.
The Troy Mining Company of Holcomb Bay.
Alaska, has levied an assessment of 6% cents
per share, delinquent December 27.
The Mount Diablo Mill and Mining Com
pany's assessment of 10 cents per share will
I be delinquent In the company's office to-day.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Bel
; cher Mining Company will be held to-day.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Con
j solidated New York Mining Company will be
' held to-day.
The Deer Trail Mining Company No. 2 of
! Washington paid a dividend of Uc per share
this month, amounting to $2500.
I The Breece Mining Company of Colorado will
pay a dividend of SIO.OOO on the Ist.
The Victor Mining Company of Colorado will
pay a dividend of 15 cents per share and an
extra dividend of 35 cents per share on the Ist
of December, amounting to $100,000.
The last monthly report of the Alaska Tread
! well mine shows 22,000 tons of ore crushed and
j $59,314 In bullion. Ore averaged $2 70 per ton.
i There were 425 tons sulphurets treated, yielding
$20,981, included in the total. Expenses for the
month about $21, C00.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov. J9.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— SFG4E.... 85 —
4s quar c0up.. 112^113 San Fran — 3%
4a quar reg . . .111%112Vi Stockton Gas.. — 14
4s quar new...I2TC&I2BU Insurance—
| 3s quar r0up..1u5',i105% Firem's Fund. 2o9 —
Miscellaneous — Water Stocks —
Cal-et Cab 55. .115 117 'Contra Costa.. dO 64»4
Cal El 6a 125 — Mann Co 50 —
C C Wat 55. ..101 — ISprlng Valley. lGlV4 —
Dup-st ex c... — 98^j Bank Stocks—
EL & P 6b. ..130 — Anglo-Cal 63V4 64
]F&CI Ry 6s. 114 — Bank of Ca1... i1l 1 ,* —
Geary-st R Bs. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
HC & S o'-is.. — — First Natlonl.2lo 215
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A. ...133 135
Do witd 65.. 100 — Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 6s..l2S'i — Nev Nat 8....175 178
Do Ist M 58.1154115*4 Savings Banks—
NCN G R Ts.lOS — Ger S & L..1625 1635
N Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Hum 9 & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. 105 — Mutual Saw — 45
NPC R R 65. 103 — S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R 55.10u%101 IS & L 50.... — 100
■ N Cal R R ss. — — I Security S B 300 350
■ Oak Gas 5s 109 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
Om Ry 6s 127 128 Street Railroads—
IP&Cl Ry 65. 107^1074 ifornla ....109 —
i P & O 6s 112 — I Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 IMarket-st .... 574 67%
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — Oak SL& H. — —
S F & N P H.WOWIO% Presidio 9>,i —
SlerraßCal 65.104 1 210r ) > 2 Powder—
S P of Ar 65..103M>109% California ....130 144
S P Cal 6s 111%— E Dynamite... 85 95
spCls eg ss. 101 — Giant Con Co. 57V* —
S " Br 6s 117 117V4 Vigorlt 2% 3
S V Water 6s. 119 — Miscellaneous —
R V Water 4b. 102%103 Al Pac Assn.. lo3 104
S V W4B(3dm).l'>lV3 — Ger Lrt Wk5,.160 —
: Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co. *9% 50
I Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 63V 4 634
i Cant Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 9hi 1014 Oceanic S Co.. 61 61%
Mutual El Co. 12%— IPac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. 52 52% Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Poo. Gas Imp.. S.Vi B"Vi!Par Paint Co. "Vt —
Pac L Co 474 —
Morning Sesßlon.
I P.oard—
I 60 Alaska Packers' Association 103 50
> 50 Giant Powder Con 57 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
180 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 00
GO Hutchinson S P Co 63 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 63 624
10 Market Street Railway 57 23
40 Mutual Electric Light 12 25
50 Oakland Gas 52 50
90 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Street—
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal E per ct bonds. 105 00
$1000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds 119 25
Afternoon Session.
80 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 60 00
2", Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 49 574
62 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
7.', Hutchlnpon B P Co 63 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co , 63 371.4
13n Hutchinson S P Co 63 25
IS Market Street RaJlway 58 00
100 Market Street Railway 67 50
60 Oceanic S S Co 612.*
72 Spring Valley Water 102 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Market Street 67 374
60 Spring Valley Water 10150
Afternoon Session.
65 Hawaiian 50 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninr Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 36 j 300 Ophlr 67
600 Caledonia 23t400Potosl 14
200 Choi lar 25 1 200 Sierra Nevada. .1 15
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Union Con 22
200 Gould & Curry.- 16
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 22 300 Occidental 73
200 Best & Belcher. 36 mo Ophlr 68
1500 Bullion 05 200 Sierra Nevada.. .l 15
100 Caledonia 22 |500 Union Con 24
200 Mexican 261100 Utah 14
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 37|30n r"rown Point.... 19
200 Caledonia 23 1 200 Mexican 27
150 Con Cal & Va..l 30; 200 Vnion Con 23
800 Con Cal & Va.l 27V»,200 Union Con 22
Afternoon Session. *
300 Belcher 21 400 Justice 18
800 Beat & Belcher. 37 200 Mexican 27
700 Best & Belcher. 38 100 Occidental 7t
200 Chollar 23 700 Ophlr 67
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Potosl 13
3fio Con Cal A V&..1 36 200 Union Con 24
200 Gould & Curry.. 16 (300 Utah 14
200 Gould & Curry.. 17 1
ASSESSMENTS PENDINO.
Company.
Day of
Bale.
Belcher
Con. New York...
Con. Imperial
Justice '.
Chcllar
Crown Point
Alta
..Not.
..Nov.
..Dec.
. . Dec.
. - Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
.Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
..Dec.
. . Dec.
..Jan.
..Jan.
..Jan.
••:
»:
Mexican
Best & Belcher...
H
Confidence
H
Alpha
Beg. Belcher
..]
H
Occidental
■ a ■ ■
..:
Potosi
Gould & Curry ..
Overman
N. Oould & Curry
Union
..:
...
..;
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTION S.
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to Elizabeth \Valga
mot, lot on N line of Green street, oo £> oi
Taylor. E 25 by N 40; $10. .
Lillie E. Smith (wife of George F.) to Urea
crick D. Spauldlng, undivided one-third or lot
on SE line of Tehama street, 450 SW of Fourth.
SW 75 by SE 80; $10. _ _ _._
Felix and Delrtna Marcuse to Anna J- Brown,
lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 183:8 N of Cali
fornia street, N 25 by W 120: $10.
Same to Charles S. Brown, lot on W line of
Sixth avenue. 308 ;8 N of California Btreet. -n
25 by W 120; $10. „
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Edgar M.
Sheehan-, lot on NW corner of California street
and Twenty-sixth avenue. W lio by N 100.
quitclaim deed; $1.
Estate of A. K. P. Harmon to Annie E. \% et
teran, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue. 1.5 «
of N street. N 25 by E 120; $275.
M. Conn to Etta Shemanskl iwife of I), lot
on W line of Eleventh avenue, 350 S of M
street. S 50 by W 120; $5.
Emmanuel and Ernestine Raas to Henry L.
fccbir.son. lot on E line of South BroJATfC*
street 176:3Vj N of Fourteenth, N 25. E 120, o
25, W 115; $10.
C. S. Cousins to Kate T. Cousins, lots 1 to 6,
9 to 14. block 5. Sunny Vale Homestead; $10.
Estate of James Aitken (by Andrew N. Alt
ken, administrator) to Margaret Lawson, lot
on N line of Sadowa street, 265 E of Orizaba.
N 115. E 75. S IS, W 25, S 100, W 50. block F.
Railroad Homestead Association; $495.
James and Agnes A. Scoble to Margaret Sex
ton (wife of Michael), lot on E line of Camino
Real (old San Jose road), 120 mure or less S
from S line of reservation of Widow Bernal;
said starting point 1« on S line of deed, first
below described. E 129:6. S 26. W 130, N 26.
more or less, portion lot 37, Tiffany and Dean
Tract; $10.
Same to Henry C. Hagensen, lot on E line
of Camino Real, 94 S from S line of reservation
of widow Bernal, E 129, 8 26. W 192:1!<j. N 26,
more or less, portion lot 37, same; $10.
Alameda County.
Michael Casey to Benjamin O. Johnson, lot
on W *lne of Myrtle street. 89 S of Twenty
sixth, S 35 by W 125, Oakland, quitclaim
deed; $25.
Thomas E. and Jennie H. Nunan to Argonaut
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
NW line of Thirteenth avenue, 100 SW of East
Sixteenth street, SW 50 by NW* 150, block 66,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Frances and E. F. Edgar to William Corbin,
all interest in lot on E line of College street,
157:7 S of Florio, S 129:5, E 359:5. N 120. W
310:11 to beginning, being lot 19. map of White
Tract, Berkeley; $750.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Gus Ander
son, lot on E line of Ninth street, 351:3 N of
Bancroft" way, N 50 by E 130, being lot 22. block
119, Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Im
provement Association, Berkeley; $5.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Antonio Bene
dette, lot on SW line of Fourth street, 150 SE
of Ehnhurst avenue, SE &0 by SW 125. being
lots 27 and 28, block H, Jones Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $500.
Manuel and Isabella Foster to Jose S. Rose ;
beginning at a point on V street where SE
line of lots of Philip Gilbert intersects same;
thence along Gilbert's land 150, NE 100; thence
150, to a point; thence SW to beginning. Town
of Alvarado, Washington Township; $200.
William P. and Mary E. Martin to James P.
Still, lot 1, block 68. Map of Southern Addi
tion of Livermore, Murray Township; $10.
William C. and Daniel Swett to Edward J.
Le Breton, all interest in estate of Daniel
Swett, deceased, No. 5632, assignment and deed;
$2000.
Kate A. and J. T. Carothers to George Ly
dlksen. lot on N line of Eighth street. 162*6
E of Campbell. E 29:2, N 146:6. W 28. S 154:8V6,
to beginning, block 698, subject to deed of
trust. Oakland; $2500.
Jean Chapalain to Rosalie Chapalain, lot on
SW corner or Apgar and West streets, S 26,
W 116.64, N 14.61. E 117.20 to beginning, being
lot 11. block F, Major Given Tract, Oakland
an $5.
btiine to same, lot on W line of West street,
26 S of Apgar. S 26 by W 116.64, being lot 10,
block F, same; $5.
Joseph and Larlna J. McClain to Frank W.
McClain. lot on W line of Louisa street. 66. P2
S of Delaware, S 50 by W 134.65, being lot 29,
Twichell Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Anne and Ernest T. Page to James B. Jr. and
Kate E. Watson, lot on S line of Virginia
street. 240 E of Grant. E 40 by S 135:4Vi. being
the W 40 feet of lot 3, block 1. State University
Homestead Association No. 4, Berkeley; $10.
The Women's N. W. Mining and Investment
Association, a corporation of Spokane, Wash
inton, to Anna M. Keiser, lot on W line of
Fitch avenue, 200 N of Spencer street, N 123
by W 200, being lots 23 to 32. block IS. resubdl
vislon Townsite of Fitchburg, warranty deed,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Anna M. Kelser to Philip Aapinwall, same,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles Babb to S. E. Gouldin. lot 19. block
IS, North Alameda Tract, quitclaim deed
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles E. Wagner to Henry W. Taylor, lot
on E line of Tenth street, 200 S of Charming
way, S 39.44. E 135, N 32.22, "W 135 to beginning,
being lot 33, block 13S, Avery Tract Berkeley;
$10.
Alexander C. Reid to Pierre Granovogel, lot
60, being a resubdlvlson of lots 54 to 57, 66 to 6S,
Klngsland Tract, Brooklyn Township; $50.
Builders' Contracts.
T. P. and Ellen L. Riordan (owners) with
C. F. Shelbley (contractor), architect Charles
J. I. Devlin. Excavations, brick work, car
pentry, Joinery, mill and iron work, tlnnnn.
stairs, hardware, bell work, plazlriß. plastering
and plumbing for a 2-story and basement frame
bu'ldlng on W line of Clayton stre-it, 160 N of
Frederick. N 25 by W 125; $342.".
Edward B. Hindes (owner) with D. Straub
& Son (contractors), architect owner. All
work for 3-story frame flats (two buildings
of three flats each), on N line of Pine street.
137:6 E of Taylor, E 59:6 by N 155; $9350.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30.
Pun rises 7:07
Sun sets 4:50
Moon rises 6:52 p. m.
S'.l ...
1 ...
2 ...
4 ...
5 ...
6 ...
7 ...
1:58
2:41
3:12
4:28
B:0O
5:32
6:04
Ft.
" 4.4
**
5:521 3.3
6:37! 3.4
7:31 3.4
9:39 3.1
10:47 2.9
11:40 2.4
12:41 1.9
Ft.
1 11:52
I 12:29
1:06;
2:4ll
3:. 12
5:17
6:42
Ft.
?t. Ft.
)L.) L. W
5.4 7:OS : — 0.6
5.1 7:44'— 0.3
4.7 8:20 0.1
3.5 9:37 0.8
3.6 10:19 1.2
3.4 11:02 1.6
3.4 11:49 2.2
4.'
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives t"he
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
grlvn are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 29, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. | Due.
an Bias i Panama I Nov. 29
'ulton Portland INov . 29
reelanaw I Seat tie j Nov . 30
olumbla iPortland iDec. 1
has. Nelson... Soattle Dec. 1
irlzaba ]Newport Dec. 1
111 Thompson.. 'Seattle ' Dec. 1
jTacoma ;Dec. 1
hllkat JHumboldt IDec. 1
:uth iTillamook Bay ! Dec. 1
Taqulna Bay Dec. 1
feentt Yaquina Bay iDec. 1
rcata Coos Bay iDec. 1
Implre Coos Bay IDec. 1
alliance Portland |Dec. 2
amoa iHumboldt jDec. 2
outh Portland. 'Portland |Dec. 2
forth Fork iHumboldt iDec. 3
anta Rosa Ban Diego JDec. 3
lueen |Victoria & Pugret SoundlDec. 3
[upeh China and Japan ..* IDec. S
'oinona Humboldt IDec. 3
lacktnaw '.Tacoma Dec. 4
oos Bay I Newport ' Dec! 5
tateCallfornialPortland Dec. 6
)el Norte ;Cresrent City Dec 6
-ustnUla (Honolulu Dec. 6
orona |San Dleffo Dec. 7
Steamer.
I Dec.
iDec.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Pomona ]
Corona |!
Moana ;
Umatilla .. '
Chilkat ....!:
Arcata |<
Weeott J
Orizaba :',
Columbia ..I]
Santa Rosai!
Alliance ...j(
C. Nelson.. I]
Coos 8ay . . . ! :
State of Calj:
Destination.
Pier.
IHumboldt Nov. 30. 2 pm Pier 9
ISan Diego Dec. 1, 11 am Pier U
|Bydney .Dec. 1. 2 pin Pier 7
l Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 2, 10 am|Pler 9
Humbeldt Dec. 2. 2 pmPier 13
ICooe Bay Dec. 2. 4 pmjPier 13
jYaquina Bay. Dec. 2, 10 amPler 13
jNewport Dec. 3. 9 am Pier 11
iPortland Dec. 4, 10 amlPier 24
iSan Diego |Dec. 5. 11 am;Pler 11
jOregon Ports. Dec. 5, 10 am;Pler 20
Puget Sound.. Dec. 6 ■
Newport IDec. 7. 9 amlPier 11
IPortland I Dec. 9. 10 amPler 24
c &
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each Jay from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cat.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the followlhg «ay.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 29.
Stmr George W Elder, .Hinkle, 74 hour.
Portland via Astoria ttf hours.
Stmr Corona. Debney, tttt hour* from San
Bfrk Martha Davis. Griis, 19 days from Hoo-
Ol Fr U 'bark Jeanne Vf Arc. Dieulangaro. 69 day.
$IS£t|n£% Sffldt. 16 days from -n-
Ol Bktn W H Dimond, Nilson, 19 days from
H Schr U FlVe Brothers, Jensen, 4 days from Bih
jTch^Sadie. Smith. S days from Willapa Har
bor. • '• '• ■
CLEARED. ■
Tuesday, November 29.
Br stmr Coptic Sealby. Hongkong and Yo-
Spreckela & Bros Co.
SAILED. .
Tuesday, November 29.
Br stmr Coptic. Sealby, Hongkong, via Yoko
hama and Honolulu. V
Stmr Mineola. David t omox.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow. ban P edro.
. IE Cleveland. Pierce. Seattle
■ wmmm^^
and O TELEGRAtjHia
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. NOT »-10 P. .-Weather*
cloudy; wind. N\V; velocity. 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
H is,u^.-A'. ds eta s ssjifslss •
&Stmss as £ sass a
XTK T r P Defender loads lumber at Tacoma for th«
Hawaiian Islands.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Storm signals have been ordered along ths
Ore and Washington coasts, and informa
''TOßl^rOWNSEND-N^v 29-Stmr Cottage
during heavy snowstorm.
SPOKEN.
Nov 18-Lat 37 20 N. long 20 W.Br ship Hut-
N. ion.
132 W Br "hip Scottish Hills, from Hamburg,
for San Francisco. i,™
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO-Sailed Nov 29-Stmr Scotia, tot
Sa n ORT a LO S°ANGELES-Arrived Nov »-Btm»
A Sailtd Nov~^Schr Bella, for Grays Har-
b °NEWPORT-6ailed Nov — Br ship Bute
shire from Honolulu; Br ship Brodock Castle,
from" Shanghai; Br ship Star of Russia, henc
X S^il 2 ed Nov 29-Stmrs Alliance and Columbia, ,
Nov 2»-Bch,
Bender MjgEggZfS*-*^. Sunol.
fl Salled U Nov*29— Schr Salvator, for Port Gam-
FORT Arrived Nov Schr J Ep-
Pl FORT h BRIG G-Saned Nov 29-Stmr Sequoia.
f °FORT 3 r KA C <^Arrlved Nov 29-Stm Coquilla
R NEAH BAY— Passed Nov 23— Stmr Washte
naw, from Tacoma. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Chilkat. ho
Nov 27: simr Samoa, and stmr North Fork,
hence PEDRO— Sailed Nov 27— Schr Wm Ren-
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 27— Schr W m Ren
ton, for Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Barbound Nov 29— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Lakme,
| hence Nov 24.
Stmr Cottage City, from Dyea; stmr Falal
lon. for Dyea. „ -
I'LALLAM BAY— In port Nov 29— ship
Garsdale. from Tacoma, for Queenstown. . .
PORT ANGELES— Passed Nov 29— Haw ship
"Willscntt. from Nanalmo. for Honolulu.
PORT 81-AKELEY— Arrived . Nov 2S— Schr
Charles E Falk. hence Nov 15.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 2S— Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREION PORTS.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Nov 22— Bark Vl
dette, from Victoria.
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov — Bktn Charles B"
Crocker, fr<-im Cheraainus. -.•:..;■ '. ."...-: .-'—-■-.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Nov 26— Br bark Al
exander Black, from Oregon.
MANILA— Nov 28— Stmr Zealandla,
hence Oct 30.
SHANGHAI— Nov 28— Br ship Queen
Elizabeth, for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Nov 23— Br stmr Colum
bif for Oregon.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 2S— Br ship Glen
bank, from Liverpool.  • -
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS,
NEW YORK— Arrived— Stmr Corinthian,
from Marseilles; Noordland, from Antwerp.
LONDON— Arrived— Chesapeake, from
Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Sailed— Stmr Kaiser Freidrich,
for Bremen
. LlVEßPOOL— Arrived— Stmr Pennland, from
Southampton.
Arrived— Stmr Anchoria, from
New York. ■ V- .
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
ft^_ Steamers leave Broadway
TgS(_^ wharf, San Francisco:
I M|B«9fel or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
' ■j^BPQai^^ Nov. 27, Dec. 2, transfer at
BTmLUS Seattle.
£»-^iCM^Mll For Victoria. Vancouver (R.
MftgVrTtTWl C). JJ ° rt Townsend. Seattle,
r^^^^ESSßu Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
-ti- t MFIta and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a m.. Nov. 27. Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter, transfer at Seattla
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry., at Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at an-
°For rr E t ureka (Humholdt Bay). 2 p m., Nov.
25, 30 Dec. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucof, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. 29, Dec. 3. and every
fourth San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., Nov. 27, Dec. 1. and every fourth day
thereafter. _ _ _ . .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Roealta
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Dec. 15. Jan.
12. Feb. 9. Mar. 9. Apr. 6. .
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chan«r»
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar ,<l boitrs of sntUne.
fIVKKT OFJTIOK —4 New Montgomery
street ifalace Hotel). -^o,-
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt«..
10 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &H. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOPLTIL.^.ISriD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class lncludine Bertha
rftnL $8 Second Class and Meats.
COLUMBIA sails.... Nov. 24, Dec. 4. 14, 24
STATE OF CAL.- sails.... 29, Dec. 9. 19. 29
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent. "
630 Market street.
GOODALIi, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnije Ganerale Transatiantique.
(French' Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^y,
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday rfT,**^
at 10 a. m.. frcm Pier 42, North >2*»sa
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE Dec 1
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE i Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class tJ
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip. '•'
gp:neral AGENCY for UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowline Gr?en. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. •
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. "
Pnamm aarflyfli The via s. moana
TJfcSS^SC ?ails vla Honolulu and
'EL** 3 ""** Auckland for Sydney
g ™ Thursday, December t,
Qj/^ I • \ at 2 p. m.
SfrTTHSiilfk-' s. s. Australia
G)lWl!IJill^ < -' Sa ii s f or Honolum
mfnFWRU-* Wednesday. December
lyiuyuiuq 14 at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
. . : 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market at.. San Francisco..
j , _.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS. %
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. *
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
• 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday 5............ 1 P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2.
vs.- •■■ Telephone Main 1508.-INFLUENTIAL
ORDER OF THE
CHOCOLATES
Sweet Native Daugh
ters as Bonbons.
A VERY CLEVER TRAVESTY
PRESENTED BY MEMBERS OF
EUENA VISTA PARLOR.
The Novel Entertainment Was De
cidedly Amusing and Was
Well Received by a Large
Audience.
Native Sons' Hall was crowded last
night at the production of "The Influen
ftial Order of Chocolate Bonbons," a nov
elty presented by eighteen young ladies of
Buena Vista Parlor, Native Daughters of
the Golden West. It wag a clever travesty
on secret orders, arranged by E. C. Davis,
and was one or the very best of the many
entertainments given by this parlor.
The stage was fitted up as a large room,
and the lady members, who each repre
sented a particular bonbon, had their
faces, with the exception of four, tinted
of a chocolate color, while the other four
appeared as Darktown belles. In the pre
sentation of the ritualistic work and the
initiation of a candidate, there was a
great deal of mock solemnity which
caused a great deal of mirth. ■:
'I he work of the evening was inter
spersed with vocal selections admlrably
rendered and received with liberal ap
plause.
As an Introduction to the entertain
ment there was an eloquent address on
the work of the Native Daughters, de
livered by Mrs. Genevleve Baker, a mem
ber of the parlor.
The specialties during the initiation of
Miss Lemon Cream (Miss Dimple Arring
ton.i were:
Opening ode. ffleers 'and members: Ken
££& A*'?- " Slster Maple Su ar Jr - : "Influ
ential Order or Chocolate Bonbons" (chorus),
officers an,l members; -The Belle of Hono
lulu. Sister A.. Drops; initiation, officers
and members; "Darling Sue," Miss Lemon
Cream: vocal pyrotechnics, Mme. Pattl de
i-ois 3ras yon ,'alve; "I Don't Like No Cheap
Man," Sister Taffy.
> Under the head of good of the order
4 •here was an animated debate on a propo
sition to admit men into the four walls of
the lodge of women. All the members
spoke against the proposition, and when
the question, "Shall the men be ad
mitted? was put, every member voted
In the affirmativ.-. Then entered D B
Crane, C. M. Elliott, H. Williams and IS.
A. Larsen, the Knickerbocker quartet
who rendered several choice selections.
The features under the head named were:
"JuFt One Girl, ' Slsl Marshmallow; "My
Sweet Kilcor" Keeper of the Key of the Bon
bon Box; "My Chlllun's Pyctyah." Sister Pep
permint; selections. Mme. PatU de Fol Gras
<-~o Cuhl? : "The Giddy Girl," Sister Lemon
j-ream; the Knickerbocker Quartet; finale
(chorus), officers and members.
• several nmnbers were deservedly
applauded and th.- participants were re
w"rded with beautiful flowers.
Ihe mcers of the lodge were: Worthy
high aramel. Miss Annie Worth; as
sistant worthy high caramel. Miss
Emma Penning; keeper nf tne saccharine
Il. 10 rtal Mrs. ■;• d Wehe; recording gum
drop, Mrs. Eva Sheellne: keeper of tne
key of the bonbon box, Miss Alice Gar
son. The membera were: Sister Taffy,
Miss Effle. Miles; Sister French Mixed,
Miss Alice* Tanier; Bister Pepsin Gum,
Miss Ann;* Wehe; Sister Marshmallow.
Mrs. \V. Cellarius: Bter Cocoanut, Miss
Alice Ticoulet: Bister Maple Sugar Jr
Miss E. Abrams: Sister Molasses, Miss
Eva Bellstedt; Sister Acid Drops, Mrs.
Lucja "Xeubarth; Sister Peppermint, Miss
B. Barman; Sisters Yum Yum (twins),
Mrs. P. Brown. Miss Alvina Burkhardt.
Miss Etta O'Brien, a young lady with a
charming voice, made a decided hit as
.Our Belladonna, Mme. Patti de Fols Gras
Aftfr the programme there was a good
programme of dances, which was cqn
l nucted inder the management -of i>iiss
* Worth, assisted by Mrs. Wehe.
PRIMAEY ELECTION LAW.
Max Popper of the Iroquois Club Op
posed to Proposed New Measure.
rdir.g to T. Carl Spelling, it Is cvi
• Max Popper of the Iroquois
t'lub is not satisfied with the primary
:. law as incorporated In the last
State platforms of the Republican and
J'f-mocratic parties. This intended law is
the work of an interparty conference held
me time ago. The bill was drawn up
by T. Carl Spelling before the campaign
opened, and was referred by the general
conference to a .«üb-eommittee composed
Of three Democrats and three Republl
i ana. They rep irted favorably, and it
wan again referred to the sub-committee
that the bill was put in the form
of a statute. This was supposed to end
.itter as far aa the general com
mittee was concerned, but Popper has
agitating for another meeting- ever
since, and finally got one last night.
Xin<". iK-mnrrats were present and net one
■ lican. The Republicans consider the
work at an end, and approve of the law
;<-= Indorsed in the State platform.
Nothing w;:s done at the meeting last
night except to henr Senator Stratton,
who expects to Introduce a primary law of
hla own at the next Legislature, and a
discussion of the bill fol
lowed. The criticisms of Max Popper
and Charles Gildea were fully an
swered, and the general conference will
not accomplish anything- more. The meet
ing adjourned until next Monday, to give
Senator Stratton a further hearing in re
gard to his bill. That is why Spelling says
it looks as If Popper is desirous to per
petuate the organization of the Commit
0n« Hundred, which Is not. par*
tlcularly anxious to have primaries held
city.
Is Guilty of Arson.
Margaret Shields pleaded jruilty before
Judg»: Cook yesterday to a charge of ar
son for having assisted Henry Bacon in
fir.-ig the premises at 201 Virginia ave
nue. The trial of Bacon will commence
December 29. and at its conclusion Mrs.
Rhk-lds will be sentenced.
POSTUM CEREAL.
SICK SCHOOL CHILDREN.
A Teacher Speaks of the Cause.
I have charge of the second gTade in
the public schools here, and 'trace near-
ly every case of headache among these
children to improper feeding. When a
Bfck child is asked what was had for
breakfast, the rerly almost universally
includes a cup of coffee.
An illustration is that of my sister's
oldest boy, Will Wilson of Lennox,
lowa. For a long time he had no appe-
tite for breakfast, but insisted on cof-
fee, which they would give him, weak-
< nod some with cream, but no matter
how little coffee he had, it brought on
his bad spells. Since they have been
using Postum Food Coffee in their fam-
ily the boy is well and can have all of
the Postum Coffee he wants for break-,
fast.
1 was ordered by my physician to
lit the use of coffee some time ago,
1 for my sick spells were directly trace-
able to it, but I could not quit its use
until I found Postum. Then the change
did not disturb me in the slightest.
The old troubles have disappeared.
I have a long list of friends who use
Postum and enjoy it very much, but
in every case they have had to learn
that Postum is only good when It is
boiled long enough to bring out the
flavor. Margaret Scroggs, 24 W. 14th
St.. Hutchinson, Kans.
JOHNNIE REIFF
ON DURWARD
A SURPRISE
Downed Piggott on
Don Gara a Head.
TAME SPORT AT OAKLAND
JONES LANDS POLKA FIRST AT
12 TO 1.
Rey del Xieira Enjoyed a Gallop.
Casdale Defeated Espionage With
out Effort — Two Favorites
Finished in Front.
The racing at Oakland yesterday was
droll and lonesome-looking, failing to
create either comment or excitement. It
was a card given over to the cheaper class
of horses, and this fact, coupled with the
Bticky condition of the track and the un
certain state of the weather, depressed
the money market. Long shots escaped
with the first two purses, after which two
favorites and a second choice enlivened
proceedings somewhat by winning.
A number of new horses made their ini
tial appearance in the opening scramble
over the Futurity course, and the unex
pected was looked for. It happened when
Durward, with Johnny Reiff In the sad
dle, came splashing along and, at odds of
10 and 12 to 1, beat the favorite, Don Gara,
a head. Piggott rode the latter, and his
mount tired badly the last sixteenth of a
mile. Schnitz was well supported, and
proved a costly experiment for many. Nu
merous wild tips ail went astray.
Twelve maiden two-year-olds next fur
nished a knotty betting problem at five
furlongs. Klizabeth R and Silver Beaux
were the most fancied, but neither could
land. Eddie Jones got the 12 to 1 shot,
Polka, carrying the colors of "Kentucky
John" Glvens away In front, and was
never headed. The outsider grew weary
as the wire was approached, but hung on.
getting the decision by a length irom
Peter Weber, another outsider. Elizabeth
R wa? third.
Bullman. who no longer rides with the
"reverse English" on. and Is rapidly earn
ing a reputation, had the mount on Key
del Tierra in the mile selling run. Purser's
horse, was a 3 U» 5 chance in the ring
and won all by himsolf. Benamela had
just as easy a time getting the place from
Louts Ezell and his friends set their
checks down on Espionage to win the six
furlong sprint for two-year-olds and re
pented at leisure. The tired and careworn
looking filly was downed in a canter by
lie, the second choice, extensively
played by some of the more knowing ones.
• l" showed some speed for a way,
but tired early.
Barney Schreiber drew down the last
nurse with Greyhurst. The gray gelding
ruled a 9 to 5 favorite, and was never
headed, leading Adam Andrew over the
line three lengths.
Track Notes.
Grannan made the ring swipe the odds
chalked against Casdale.
I'iitsy Freeman and wife arrived from
Chicago Monday evening. Patsy rode with
considerable success on the Western
tracks the j>.-i.--t summer.
When Trainer Bill Murry entered Rey
del Tierra in the mile and a sixteenth
event yesterday to be sold for $301 he had
no premonition of the trouble ahead for
him. After the horse had won James
Smith "boosted" the horse to $800. the
stable retaining him. Then in his wrath
Murrv swung a right-hander at Smith
and was later called Into the stand- to ex
plain this breach of turf etiquette. His
explanation must have been a trifle stage
worn and musty, for the judges fined him
$200. Bill is now repentant and threatens
to quit the ring.
Bullman distinguished himself by pilot
ing three winners yesterday— Rey del
Tierra. Casdale and Greyhurst.
The Sprec-kels stoclc farm yearlings will
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND BACE TBACK, Tuesday, Nov. 29, 1898.— Fourteenth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather finej^ track^muddy.
J. A. MURPHY, Pwrtfltag Jnd»T~ JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter^
C*rrCk FIRST RACE-Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); selling; three-year-
Zi. ( t/i olds and upward; purse. $300. ,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
14m. . &m.
Str.
Jockeys.
r .~~. Tin * 8 1-4 ' 7 J ,4 ... In J. Relff 5 8
» Durward. 4. » :::■ *v. '«..;; \\ Plggott \ 3
... Don '.ara o "- , » ••• ' - 6 - 33 Henneny .... 3 8
... Mainl-ar 3 ::::::::::: U2| • ::: .3 ;; - << Shield. ::::::: >l iS
... H.hnitz 6... 11|| ••• *f \{ \\\ 5 , wilson 15 20
... KBpirando, 3.........U3 3 , ... 11 61 Everßon 7 10
194 Sierra Blanco. 3..-.10.: 1 ... <c ± £ti ••• 72 PoweU 10 so
... Belola, 5 • \\ > ... ?, , 5 v ... 84 | | man 4 7
... EMgemount, 6 112 • ••• k,^' 8•• ' ... 9 Pnlder 10 10
19?, Peixotto 11. 4 107 8 ... 6 4 _ E 0n e5...... 10 12
188 Corriente, 5 M 7 , """ Roulllier 10 15
. . . Glacier, 5 112 ••• 1^: — —
Tlni'; 1:17. Winner. J. O. Brown & Co.'s b. gr. by Luke Blackburn-Amelia T. Poor
start. \Von flr t a .^_ vi I surward a very u , . rtaln quantity. Malnhar is Improving.
BchnH P z lr hafan Bainng°f8 ainng°fe g/bursg /bursh a ould a hav^nn 1S hed c er up. Don Gara had ground to
make up and tired. .
! j. Retff
PJggott
Hennessy ....
, Shields
Wilson
Everson
well
Bullman
5
4
3
2
15
7
10
4
10
10
10
8
3
8
S
20
10
30
7
10
12
15
Snider
K. Jones
Roulllier
OA SECOND RACE-Five furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $350.
OUt "" ' _ r- 1 r
%m.
%m.
Etr.
Fin.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
him.
7Z ] 9 .13 13 1 1 E. Jones 10 13
157 Polka ] *i \ 3^ 3 1 210 Devin 8 «
195 Peter Weber 98 1 ... • , ? A 3H Gray 2 11-5
234 Elizabeth R pig •" " 61 614 4 h J. R^lff j 5-2 11-5
272 Silver Beaux Kj 7 •-.- 21 2 <ii 6 4 [Bullman 10 12
195 Slml I^l* ■" 4U 51 610 Ward 6 10
272 Racivan *> » 7^[ 72 7 3 IPowell 10 15
135 Rear Admiral 100 .9 g2 " g2 S1 Houck 20 60
272 Abano -']'' ,10 3 10 9 4 Mead 20 100
... Fuga IM-i? ,Jj 4 jj 10 3 Power ........ 60 100
... Bly J»»" ••• '" <9 2 9 1 114 Thorpe 3 10
... fitromo IW| • ••• .'•• , ,2, 2 l 2 12 Holmes 100 150
257 Santa Flora ...95 4 _ _^ — — ,
Time 1-04V4. WlrmlrTj. Glvens' eh. g. by imp. Midlothian-Minuet. Good start. Won
a " Pnika SS hh C ad n the n bert l luck rl .r should have beaten him with stronger riding. The go-
i nB F suit Silver Beaux. Elizabeth R got a weak ride. __
10 13
8 8
2 11-5
5-2 11-:,
10 12
6 10
10 15
20 50
20 100
50 100
3 10
100 150
" o . THIRD RACE-One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
zi, l • . i
Horse. Age. Weight.
t."
Vim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
7210) Rey del Tierra. 4...10S 1 15 14 15 15 12Vi Bullman
263 Benamela. 5 103 { \ 2 I<A3h34 35 33 Holmes ..
(2r,C) Ponp 3 ........... 2 21% J3 4 6 4 1 A Devin ...
182 Roulette Wheel, 3.. 8? * . " , { . B4 clo weber ...
9939 9 3 3 Sh U-- ■ n q c • -|Ken y ....
Time 1-47. Winner. E. W. Purser's b h. by Prince of Norfolk-Haldee.
"S^M^^m.la others of little account.
5
15
5
1
4
1 m
2 15
3 3
4 V 4
5 10
6 -
Bullman
Ratter
Holmes
IDevin
Weber
Kelly
3
Good
3-5 3-5
2 2
6 12
8 20
8 40
50 - 200
1-5 3-5
2 2
6 12
8 20
8 40
50 - 200
start.
OftO F° URTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. »300.
mn.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
H3rse.
Weight.
241 Casdale "g
255 Espionage »»
243 Bonlbel 93
',225 Olinthus 11l
•JBl Heniera J*
... Malay I,*?,
219 Rainier aa
2
5
1
4
S
7
I 3
2 2Vi ■
3 1
1 1
7
4 h
6 3
6 h
1 2Vi
3 h
2 1
7
5 5
4 3
6 hi
1 B
2 M,
3 4
6 2
4 5
5 2
7
1 5
2 10
3 h
4 h
5 2
6 3
7
an .....
:)Tole ...
3
IS
2 3-2
1 1
25 40
10 15
20 30
15 20
20 15
1
Zl!l Kamirr --; _ -
" Time 1:17.-. Winner. W. M. Murry a br. c. by Faverdale-Castalla. Good start. Won
and ™n beat sorao good ones now Espionage would
enjoi a vacation. IlemeraVas cut off and poorly handled. Sh» likes mud. Olinthus ought
to race better ; _____ : ________^^
CfcOO FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
ZOOi purse. $400.
Std.
him. %m.
%m. Str.
Fin.
Index. Horse. Age.
5-<» rrpvhurst 4 10111% '11 11*4 12 ' 13 13 Bullman 9-6 9-5
2$ Adam Andrew 4 .112 5 S3 2H 23 2 6.V 2 5 2 8 E. J0ne5...... | 4 ' 6
2M fnvilur? *' I 5 3 '64 42 410.420 .3 2 | Weber ........ 4 7
M 2 Mc/arlane 6 101 3 2 1 310 310 36 ; 3 8 420 Powell ....... 3 .3
250 Ockturuck 3 94 6 7 7 '545 10 .: 510 53 McNlchols ... 4i: 8
2C2 Fureka a .106 2 «« 4h '6 6 6S 65 6 2 O'Neil ........ 50 150
227 Twink. 4-109 7 6 1 -5 H' 7 - 7 7 , . 7 Frawley ...... 15 ■ 15
Time l-53'/4 Winner, B. Schreiber'a gr. g. by imp. VMartenhurst- Helen Scratch. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving. • - -■;■. ... ,V . .. T .
Winner had It his own way. Andrew was nicely ridden but couldn t make It. Lady
Huret fell out of It the first part. She is capable of better things. ; ,..j
1
5
4
!! 272 7
I?
3 3
5 3
2 1
7
4 H
6 1
11 11H12 -•'■ ■ 1 3
2V4 23 2 6 ':.••, 2 5
'64 4 2 4 10 :- 4 20 .
310 310 36; 38 '
7 ' 5 4 5 10 : - 5 10
h" 66 6S 66
■SHT 7 7v .
1 3
2 8
3 2
4 20
5 3
6 2
7
Bullmttn
E. Jones
Weber
Powell
iMcNlchols ...
O'Neil
Frawley
— . -. ... >....--.... . ■■ ■ . ■ . ■ ■■■..> ■ -.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
be sold by Killlp & Co. on the nights of
December 6 and 7.
The yearlings bred at Palo Alto stock
farm were led Into Killip & Co.'s sales
ring last night, and. owing to the exist
ing depression in the price of horseflesh,
were knocked down at bidders' own
figures. Twenty-one youngsters, the get
of Flambeau, Oscar and Imp. Loyalist,
brought $2245, an average of $106 per head.
The prices obtained and buyers were as
follows: Layota. br. f. by Loyalist-
Flirtation. $200. P. Gaffney: Flambeaus,
b. g. by Fiambeau-Gerhardine, $105, L.
Dougherty; Queen of Light, b. f. by Flam
beau-Queen Bess, $50, Dan McCarthy.
Flamora. eh. f. by Flambeau-Fannle
Lewis, $140, P. Gaffney: La Flame, eh. f.
by Flambeau-Flam, $103, N. S. Hall;
Orsino, br. g. by Oscar-imp. Amelia, $150,
I. Ramsdell; Lorelio, eh. g. by Loyalist-
Aurelia 11. $100, F. Coady: Oscaretto, b. g.
by Oscar-imp. Rosetta. 517"). I. Ramsdell;
Loyal Airs, br. g. by Loyalist-Regina. $65,
Dan McCarthy; Firelight, b. g. by Flam
beau-Mlss Rowett, $SO. J. Kane: Flamotte,
eh. f. by Flambeau-Lottie. $100. P. Gaff
ney: Charming, eh. g. by Flambeau-
Charm. $140, W. Fisher; Phera. eh. t. by
Racine-Phoebe, $135. W. Fisher: Ex
pedient, eh. g. by Flambeau-Experiment,
$60, F. H. Smyth; Rosebud, b. g. by
Racine-Rosebud, $05, J. Crane; Loyana,
eh. f. by Loyalist-Levana, $50. Dan Mc-
Carthy; Loyelle. b. f. by Loyalist-Belle D,
$fio, P. Mitchell; Racetto, b. g. by Racine-
Minetta. $160, Dr. O'Rourke; Oscella, br. f.
by Oscar-Marcella, $75, Dan McCarthy;
Rotary, eh. g. by Loyalist-Muster, $45.
Dan McCarthy: Honor Bright, eh. f. by
Flambeau-Helpmate, $170, P. Gaffney.
The following weights have been assigned In
the two following handicaps to be decided this
week:
Oakland Handicap, one and a quarter miles,
purse $nlK>.
Mistral II 113] La Goleta 9S
Ostler Joe 114' Red Glenn 95
Morellito HrtTorslda 90
Cromwell 110 Dr. Bernays SO
Wheel of Fortune.. .lo6 Mamie G 78
Morlne] 102 Don Luis 70
Rey del Tierra 100 i
Highvreiglit Handicap, six furlongs, purse
$500.
Miss Rowena 13G\ Ropormonde 106
Hugh Penny Lit; Juanlta 100
Etta H 12.V Obsidian 100
Highland 801 l 124, Sweet William 97
San Venado 122 Rainier 90
Moringa 116 Rio Chico SS
Sport McAllister 114 ! Boardman 85
Shasta Water 112 Kacivan Bt>
Dr. Sharp 110;
To-Day's Entrie*.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds.
M 7 Jemr Hunt no I 243 out Ed^e 107
243 La Paresseuse..ll2 2GI Relna cie Cuba. ll2
160 Tiburon 107, ... Formo 105
255 Earl Islington. .105 ...Nora Ives 112
150 Romany 102 1 19» Petal 107
Second Race— Futurity course; selling ; three
year-oWs and upward.
259 Lady Britannic. lo2! 271 Baliverso 97
259 Major Cook 10f 194 (VFleta 108
:».". Sweet William. .lo7. 273 Rlcardo . v 110
IS3 Spry Lark 1061 236 Mocorito 101
273 Ballister 105 : 264 Kaiser Ludwlg.lls
Third Ra.-e— One mile; selling; three-year
olds:
lvs Flandes 10S (25fi)Magnus 104
275 Imperious 99 133 Majesty 9ft
... Prince Biases.. .KM (266)Stepabout 104
266 Colonel Dan 107
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; all ages; the
Berkeley Handicap.
179 Clarando 92! ... Good Hope 98
230 Elizabeth R 98 ...Torsida ....128
267 Rio Chico Wo M«3)Mt. McGregorll.l2o
Fifth Race— Futurity course; Belling; three
year-olds and upward.
274 Sly 110 ... Lucky Dog MS
275 Pelxotto m ... Ruskln 103
278 Pat Morrts*ey...lU ... Caspar 115
Elidad 110 202 Highland 8a11. .110
IH7 Sport McAlllsterlo7 (25a)Zamar II 112
271 Novla 101 '
Selections for To-Day.
First — Reina de Cuba, Petal. Jerry
Hunt.
Second Race— Kaiser Ludwig, Lady Britannic,
Mocorito.
Third Race— Stepabout, Flandes, Prince
Blazes.
Fourth Race— Mount McGregor 11, Rio Chlco,
Torslda.
Fifth Race— Lucky Dog, Peixotto, Pat Mor
ris?ey. _ «__^«_»_—
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Balkwell Has a
Victim in Mrs. Fisher of
Berkeley.
Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Balkwell, !»32 Har
rison street, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Detectives Crockett and Dillon
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of murder. Saturday afternoon
she performed an operation upon Mrs. J.
I Fisher 2521 Shattuck avenue, Berkeley,
which resulted in Mrs. Fisher's death yes
terday morning.
About two years ago she was arrested
for a similar "crime ami was acquitted in
the Superior Court. Her victim at that
time was a young girl.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln ets. Swimming, Rusjian. hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
JUNK FIRST
AND THE DEAD
AFTERWARD
Frugal Lucky Baldwin
Defies the Law.
STILL RESCUING FURNITURE
SAFETY OF THE PUBLIC IS NOT
CONSIDEBED.
The Stench From the Ruins Is In
creasing and May Attract the
Attention of the Board
of Health.
The endless throng of curious people
who wandered around the ruins of the
Baldwin Hotel yesterday was surprised
to note that no efforts were being made
to demolish the tall tottering walls that
threaten to topple over into the street at
any moment, carrying death and destruc
tion with their fall.
The name "Lucky" appears to still ap
ply to E. J. Baldwin. The second day
after the fire the Board of Fire Wardens
met and adopted a resolution directed to
Mr. Baldwin, in which he was notified
that the remaining walls of his building
were a menace to life and property, and
he was peremptorily ordered to raze them
forthwith. The aged son of fortune made
a pretense of obeying the law and set
some men to work. They succeeded in
tearing down a small section of the walls
on the Market-street side, and after
breaking a rotten cable a couple of times
suspended their labors, and nothing has
been done since.
It transpires that while these men were
inspecting the ruins they discovered that
there was a great deal of badly damaged
furniture In the partially destroyed rooms.
This was enough for Mr. Baldwin. In
stead of carrying out the instructions, of
the Fire Wardens as any other citizen in
his position would have done, lest there
might be more loss of life on account of
the famous old flretrap, men were em
ployed to risk life and limb in the salvage
of the furnishings of the hostelry.
The rights of pedestrians and travelers
in streetcars, as well as those of property
owners on opposite sides of the streets
from the Baldwin, . were totally ignored,
and the scramble to recover rubbish to be
sold to the junkman has- continued.
Thpse facts were very generally and se-.
verely commented upon yesterday, and
wonder was expresed that the Fire
Wardens have not forced Mr. Baldwin to
observe their admonitions. ::>';"
A number of years ago, In discoursing
upon one of his escapades with a member
of the fair sex, Mr. Baldwin quoted the
language of Commodore Vanderbilt—
"the public be d." This policy seems
to have been pursued since the recent
tragic fire. The fact that distracted re
latives and friends are anxiously waiting
to remove the remains of their loved ones
has apparently not concerned the owner
of the Baldwin so much as the few dol
lars/that could be gained by taking out
damaged furniture. The-santiary ques
tion has also been entirely overlooked by
Mr. Baldwin.
Yesterday in two separate sections of
the ruins the stench, presumably arising
from decaying bodies, was overpowering.
These pestilential odors arose from near
the west wall of the theater and In the
wreckage where the bar was formerly lo
cated. It is probable that If duf> haste is
not shown in the removal of the debris
the Board of Health will take a hand and
see that the rights of the public aro pro
tected.
It is possible that the work of tearing
down the ruin will begin soon. Madison
& Burke yesterday received forty bids for
the contract, which, It is announced, will
be let to-day. ;■■ - ■
A great lot of junk was removed yester
day, and it was stated on good authority
that some of those engaged in the work
were not risking their necks for the small
wages paid, but for the valuables that
had been left by the unfortunate guests
In their flight from the burning building.
In some of the apartments these pick
ings were rich, but they were not turned
over to Mr. Baldwin.
NAVAL MEN BEST TO
RULE THE ISLANDS
CONGRESSMAN NEWLANDS AT
THE UNITARIAN CLUB.
Judge Morrow of the Opinion That
Congress Can Provide Any
Form of Government.
The regular meeting of tho Unitarian
Club was held in the rooms of the Mer
chants" Club, 222 Sansom« street, Monday
evening. After disposing of a substan
tial dinner, the members listened to a dis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PECULIAR REMEDY.
Something About the New Discovery for
Curing Dyspepsia.
The Rev. F. I. Bell, a highly esteemed
minister residing in "Weedsport, Cayuga
County, N.. V., in a recent letter writes
as follows: "There has never been
anything that I have taken that has re-
lieved the Dyspepsia from which I have
suffered for ten years except the new
remedy called Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets. Since taking them I have had no
distress at all after eating, and again
after long years can sleep well. Rev.
F. I. Bell, Weedsport, N. V., formerly
Idalia, Colo." :v:
Stuart's Dypepsia Tablets Is a re-
markable remedy, not only because it
is a certain cure for all forms of In-
digestion, but because it seems to act
as thoroughly in old chronic cases of
dyspepsia as well as in mild attacks of
Indigestion or biliousness. A person has
dyspepsia simply because the stomach
is overworked, all it wants is a . harm-
less vegetable remedy to digest. the food
and thus give it the much-needed rest.
This is the secret of the success of
this peculiar remedy. No matter how
weak or how much disordered the di-
gestion may be, Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will digest the food whether the
stomach works or not. New life and
energy is given not only to the stomach
but to every organ and nerve In the
body. A trial of this splendid medicine
will convince the most skeptical that
Dyspepsia and all stomach troubles can
be cured. The tablets are prepared by i
the F. A. Stuart, Company of Marshall, I
Mich., but so popular has the remedy j
become that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
can now be obtained at any drug store
at 50 cents per package. Send for book
on stomach diseases free.
"S ■■;■.-' • ■ ■ • ' • '
jlilP^^^ft M E V E RS
fW s^fi&^ii\ Specialists for Men
'r^?« *2^EWVHrW> Tlim* phy»lclanii hare l»en
V!v»«& f\*^p tgSS'''^ curing weakucti and eon-
\%* »« ; - ; . . -^^l.: tracUd aJlmentii »lne» 1881.
\V. yjA j('!L9ll2u9 They b»»e the Urc «>t anil
*° Vsj Tm Cnred '
T2»n l\/^J r'e«iuJrri\»t»buuk— . .
C.TA.U.HCO ,7 VaAHS. n< ££ ™**^
Ail letters confidential. • No Charge for Consultation.
731 "i* IKScO I Elcv.fr Entrance.
cussion on the "Lessons and Results of
the Late War." by Judge W. W. Mor
row, William Clayton Plekersglll. British
Consul General, Congressman Newlands
of Nevada and Rev. Horatio Stebbins.
The discussion was opened by Mr. New
lands, who spoke mainly of the problems
consequent upon the acquisition of Ha
waii, Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philip
pine group, and the problem of govern
ing the latter in case they are annexed.
He said:
"The scheme of outgrowth as a nation
has made necessary the acquisition of
Islands contiguous to our coast, which. In
the event of war, might be made the base
of attack by a foreign foe.
"In the future the navies of the world
will be concentrated on the Asiatic coast,
but no attack on our shores can be made
without a coaling station. The Hawaiian
Islands offer this.
"We have been drifting Into a policy
and now we have drifted so far that we
cannot go back. We cannot drive the
islands back to Spain. That would be a
crime against humanity. We cannot leave
them with the natives. That would be to
give them over to anarchy.
"But there are grave problems involved
in holding them. Their government is a
problem which must be seriously consid
ered. It certainly would not do to hand
them over to politicians, as we have
enough experience with political schemers
right here under our own eyes.
"I think the government and care of the
islands would be perfectly safe In the
hands of the navy."
Consul General Pickersgill was the next
speaker. He did not say much regarding
his opinion as to the best means of dis
posing of the islands, as he said he had
learned by experience that the best Con
sul was the man who said little and
heard much. He was of the opinion, how
ever, that the acquisition of the Islands
would be a good thing for this country,
as the holding of outside possessions is
to a country like travel to a man— it has
a broadening influence.
Judge Morrow spoke more directly on
the government of the islands under the
constitution. "I look on the acquisition
of outside territory with dismay, he
said "as none can tell what it may mearj
In the end. So far as the governing of
the islands is concerned, however, I
think Congress can govern them as it sees
fit and still live up to the constitution.
The Supreme Court makes a distinction
between a citizen of a State and a man
living In a territory. The one Is under
the constitution, the other under the lawa
made by Congress to govern the partic
ular territory In which he lives. The In
dian Territory is inside the country, yet
it is not governed by the constitution.
The District of Columbia is not only
within our country and protected by our
flag, but is the seat of our Government;
yet Congress has seen fit to decree that
its residents are not even entitled to a
vote and they seem to be well governed,
too. So it Is with the Islands we may re
tain."
Dr. Stebhins confined his remarks to the
moral effects of the war, me greatest of
which was the elimination of party lines.
"No North, no South, no East, no West,
but one united country, united stronger
than ever before."
"Workmen's District Meeting.
A public meting was held Monday night
in B'ne B"rith Hall of District No. 5 of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen,
in which are Valley, Golden Gate and
Golden West lodges. The audience,
in which were many ladies, was addressed
by Grand Master Workman Judge George
H. Bahrs, who explained the merits and
claims of the order and what benefits
are derived from being members thereof.
After that there was a programme of mu
sic and specialties and a talk by Past
Grand Master Barnes, and then dancing
until midnight. The entertainment was
managed by M. J. Blackman, F. O.
Kraull, J. F. Murphy. C. C. McKay, H.
W. Freiermuth, C. P. Matthey and B.
Cappel, the committee of arrangements.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIENT FREE TOMEN
The State Medical Institute DLsoorers a
'.'- Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor. --: -■'.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
' TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most \ remarkable
remedy are Toeing distributed Dy the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne Ind. It
cured bo many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute ha* decided to distribute free trial
: packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakne- i resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak tack, \arico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cur*
themselves at home. , ■'.'•.- . . ,
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has beer, an absolute sue-
' cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great clas«
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is to b«
cured of sexual weakness when tho
proper remedies* are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a .free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to WTite without delay.
g|ggr VITALIS
Ist D»y. ' V* [©CT EDEBIPII
CTVB- 10th Day. *S- ML. , TjT rllCllUflll
! VITALIS 2OthEa r- jC JB DCUCRY
PROM ( THE AIIOVK *Oth Day. llblVl CU II C
Rr'Sl LTB. I tqolekly& surely remoTesNerTousiins, lmj.otcnejr,
Nif htly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wnttln; Diseases and all effects
of self -abute or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lo-t Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards oS Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cnr<» when all others fall. Insist on haTing VITALIB,
DO other. Can be carried in the vast pocket. By mail t1.09
per package or six for *5.00 with a guarantee to Care or
Kefund the Montr. Circular »<-e. A.liireis
CALCIIET CIIIF CO., BS4 l»rarborn Pt.. fhlesic*
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. and Oakland.
*%J FAVORBTE
IHESCRIPTION
A FORWEAgiWOWEM. I
/^%. Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A «*««* SSI 025 KEAB.W ST. Establtetied
in v Ip^^ln ISs4forthetrentmentof Privste
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62ft KEARNT ST. Established
In Ifts4forthetrentmpntof Private
Plxphwr, Lost Manhood. J>eb!lity or
t* .^m»<@s{*| <lise»sp wearinif on bodyand mind ana
OjayjEjatpj .Skin Dlieases. I'be doctor cures
iSadilraßSl ntbersfuil. Try him. Churges low
t^fl!mK.Rtt^f Cnrrsßiinrantrrd. C;tl lor write,
3>r. J. r. UIBBOK. B»i 1957. San FroncUua
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNTt AND WASHINGTON ' STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $3 week; $$ to J3O month. Free baths; hot
and cold wat*r every room: fire gTates In «>very
room; elevator runs all night. ;-<; -< ■ V
AUCTION SALES.
H AUCTION SALE ! "^
TO-MORROW.
' THURSDAY, • December 1, 1898, at 11 a. m.
We will sell the entire 'contents of stables of
the ' late ! \V. Sparks, 1620 Harrison street, be-
tween Twelfth and Thirteenth. Stock con-
sists of ,15 delivery wagons, 15 sets fine single ;
harness, 1 fine top bug-sy, 3 business buggies, 1 :
cart, 1 Hmall truck, pole and shafts, 4 sets of
double harness, 1 sorrel > mare 18 ■ hands high,
1100, fine family mare: 1 black single footing j
saddle horse; 10 head of good work horses; also
at same time and place on account of closing ■
of the eatat'Of the late Matt Healey of Las- j
sen County, Cal.,.we.wlU sell 80 head of choice
young horses ranging from 4 to 6 years/weight
from 1050 to 1400; 40 head of | those horses arc
•well I broken ; ; and will be shown In harness day
or sale; Included In this s%le are several blacks
suitable for i carriage horses, also <1 1 polo pony.
The above stock is In first-cltiKs condition; will
positively be sold to highest. bidder. :■■ .-■■■•■•
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Piper Heidsieck 1
JF Plug Tobacco
when deciding on their diagnosis of g
complicated cases. It is the one un- k
g[ failing symptom of returning health jB
when a patient asks for chewing to- CL
% bacco. Ask any doctor. Try it to-day. «J
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR, fi
BAILEOAP TSAVBIi. _
•OUTHKBN fA« IflC COnPAHT.
(rACiriO BTHTICM.)
Trulai len»o nntl urv «!•■• la m-rlve mt
WAN riCASt'tXCO.
> (Main Line, Foot of ilarket Street)
lxavm — Fkom Nov. 29, 1598. — aurit*
•6:OOa Nilea, 8»n Jose »nd Way Station!.. **:43a
7:O»a Brnicl*. Sulsun and Sacramento.... 1O: *3a
7>OVa MarysTille, OroTllle Redding via
Woodlasd »i4»p
"7:OO\ Klmlra, Vacarille and Umnney 8:43p
7:3t» a MaxUnez. San Kamon. Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtok-a auU Santa Roea tttlSr
8:OOa Atlantic Exprem, Of den and Kait.. Sil.'ip
»i:i«»a Sau .i>.f- Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Muryaville,
Chloo. Tehama and lteit UliifT.... «iiar
S:»Oa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 4itsp
•»:»Oa Milton •7:15r
O:«(»a Martioez, Tracy, L»(urop, Stockton,
. Mareni and Vremo: ia:lsp
9i«oa Fresno, ISalterslleM. Saur.it lUrl>»rs,
Los Aogelea, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleaui and East S>43p
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mai.
tlnei Oi-«3p
10:OOa ValleJ.., MarHne* and Way SUtions 7:45p
-*l:OOp yacrainento Uiier Bteameri »»:O»P
12:OWMXUe8, Tracy, Stockton, MendoU,
Hanford. Visalia, Exeter and Pur-
terrlUe... 4:ISf
1 i«Or Nile*. San Jo«e Mid Way Statious ... 11 :43a
SanJoio, Nilos an«l Way Stations... JU:I»\
LlTermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
SUticns tlO:lSA
4i»Or Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa. Caliatnga, Xl Verano and
SauUllosa »ilsa ;
4iO»p Beulcia, VacaTUle, Woodland,
Knights I.ainlliis, MarrsTille, Oro-
rllle ami tfacramento 1«:I3a ,
4«3(»pNlles San Jose and Stockton 7il3p
5:Oor Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Bauta Barbara and l.os
Angeles •j4. 1 » a
8:00p SanU V» Itoute, Atlautlo press
for Mojate and Kast 6t43p
3:00p Stocktoa 12:13p
ifStOOp "Padnc Coast Limited." El Paso,
-.>■•• '■:•■ ■- Fort Worth, I-iule Rock. B».
Louis, ChleagoaDd Bast {0:43p
e.-OOr Kiiropenii MrII, Ogilen aud Kut.... U:t!\\
8:00r Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a
*6:O»i- VrIIoJo : ;.. I«:l3p
l?:O»p Vallejo, Port Costa sud Way Sta-
tions.... Jo:43p
8:00r Oregon Kxiiregs, .Sacramento, Marys-
,'.:='• ■• -'-- Tille. ' lleililing, rortlaiiil. I'nuet
HuiiiKt ami Kast ...; 8:15 a
al0:03p "BunBct Limitrd." Fresno, l.os
Antrles, Xl Pato, New Orleans
andEagt 61:4»p
SA.N I,KA.M>Kt> AMI lUVWAKIIS I,(M Al,.
(Foot of Market Street.) i
I lli-iiox-. SrniTnary I.i rk, (
8:00 a Ulrlilnirjr. Klmliiimt, 6:«5a !
(O:OOa Sa« l.ritiiilro, Soulh San . (*»i!3/ !
1O.«»» I,e»ndro, K*ta.llllo, l«i4Si .
<ii:ooa L*re«io, Cherrr I2:i3p |
il:OOp ...,! 11:43p
8:O»p Hatnardi i5:45p
7tOOr i Runs throl , , to Kile*. ' USe
J t From Kiles. I
COAST IMVInION (Marron «ani;e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a eirark, (Jen tcrTille. Jose, Kel t.«n,
BoulderCreek.SantaOruzaod Way
Btatlons 3:30p
*SilOr Newark. Centerrllle, San Jose, Now
Almaden, Felton, Roulder Creek, :
Santa Oruz and Principal Way
Stations MO:3Oa
4ilSp Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 9:20 a.
tlli4sp Huuters' Excursion, San Jose and
. Way SUtlons t7:Bop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
fria SIX rillClSCO— Fact of Uirkit Slr«t (Slii t)—
•7:15 ' 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 15:00 *S:OOr.M.
rnmOimXß— tfSreidwaT.— "B:oo 8:00 10:f)A.u.
113:00 *l:00 13:90 3:30 ti:00 *S:SOr.M.
COAST IHVISIO.I (Brosil ti»rrs;e).
• ' (Third and Townsend Sts.) • ■
7>OOa HanJoie and Way Huil.»na (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) ltSOp
•■••a Han .lose, Tres Pluos. Hauta Cruz,
Faoillo Urore. Paso ltobles, San
liiiis Olilspo, Quadalupe, Surf aud
l'ilncl)iai War I SUtlnus 4:IOr
I«:4Oa .lone anil Way HUklons *BiOOa
IliaUA Baa Jose aud Way Stations Si 33 a
■3t43r San Matro, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. .Sau .lose,
Ollrny, Hollistcr, Banta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Paciiic
Ororo "l«: 5«»
•X».tni- Ban Jose andWuy Ht»Moin *O:»Oa
*I:I3i- San Jose au<l Principal W.ir Stations »>4sa
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:»3.« i
SiJtOr SauJose ami Principal Way Stations 3:30p
«i:t«l" San Jose and Way .SUtions..'. 7:3«>p |
tlli43p San Joseaii.l Way Stations 7»aOf
A for Morning. I* for f tentoon.
•Hnnii.ayseicepr.eil. } Sundays only. t Hatunliiyn only
<?Mondays and Thursdays. a 'urtdays and Saturdays. j
{Saturdays and Wednesdays. »l'jjurad»i» and Suudays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, IS9B, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
i , ■ '
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen- j
g-er. Sunday Sunday «er.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally, j
• B:2oam 10:30 am] Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm j
I0:10am 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm <
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
B:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:58 pm B:sopm Vlsalia 6:4oam I:lspm ;
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot
California Navigation and Improvement Com- I
pany, leaving Ban Francisco at 6 p. m. dally, ,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at I p. m.
dally.
- For stage • connections see official time tabls
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. ■ ■■- '■"'■■ .'r. j
"mount TAi^ALPAIS scenic railway.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) ,
Leave Ran Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1898: .;
. Week Days— 9:Bo a. m., 1:46 p. m.
Sundays — 8:00, 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:18 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. >--? frf.
THOS. COOK Sc . SON, Agents, 631 Market <
street. Ban Fimnclico. - 1
BO AD TBAVEL.
! CALIfOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RL Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIj.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, ll:0(J a. m. ; 12:1*.
i 3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— F.xtra trip
i at 11: p. m. Saturday a— Extra trips at I:S*
and 11:30 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:39. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. l:M,
C:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN* RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 1J:45,
S:4O, 6:10 p. m. ■ Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. S:4«.
6:00. 6:25 p. m. ■■>--■
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
! Fame schedule as above. ••
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October It, ■
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- i Week
Days. days. Destination. da,6. j Days.
7:Boam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S:»<Jarn
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaiuma, 6:lopm 10:23 am
f, :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm i:22i :22 pm
Fulton,
i 7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
! 8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
} Hopland and
7:3oam S:ooazn Ukiah. 7:33pm 6:23pm
7:3oam -' lQ:2Saia
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:23 pm
7:3oam S:ooam Sonoma 10:40 am S am
and
C:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm| 6:23 pm
-30 am 8:00 am Sebastcpol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:80 pm s:oopm 7:36 pm| 6:23 pm
""Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gejr-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Carlsbad '
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
| Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
■ John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Booneville. Orr'«
i Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
I Westport, UsaJ, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle. Cum-
! mlngs. Beirs Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
i Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to ail points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronlrle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
r
Santa Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. tho
following Thursday, Saturday
- and Tuesday-Arriving In New
Yorkat l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car. -
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FBAHCIoCO TICKET" OFFICE— XI MABKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offica— 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:20. < J:3O, 11:00 a. m.: M:«,
5:45. 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— »S:00, •10:00. »U:»> a. m.; »1:I4.
*:00, »4:SO. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«: 23, *«:35. 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, '3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP 3 on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. rr.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. «S:00. •19:00, *11:55 a. m.s
•1:15, *3:10, 4:40. »«:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, 6:45, 7:55, »:40 a. m. ;
11:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m. ..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*:
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. .«.■«„..«
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:0o, 1:20. I .-Ml
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way. ■
stations. " **'-":■
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a.
>»-!VDCTEY.STROWG&CO.^JSV
E patents: J)
Vk'jdrCf^^tsHsK^SB^BBBMsIBBMBB^BMBBSBBBBi^fOpVaVsBV S
330 MARKET ST. S.F. **2S
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FOUGHT FIRE
NEAR TONS OF
GUNCOTTON
The California Powder
Works in Flames.
CATASTROPHE WAS AVERTED
FLYING SPARKS SET FIRE TO A
RAILROAD TRESTLE.
Wind Helps the Workmen to Hold
the Fire in Check Till
the Danger Was
Past.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 29.
Another disastrous explosion was nar
rowly averted at the California Powder
Works at 2:20 o'clock this morning. The
guncotton department was discovered to
be on fire, and only after vigorous efforts
on the part of employes were the flames
subdued before they reached the adjoin
ing acid department.
It is a peculiarity in the manufacture of
gun cotton that it will n<u at certain stages
iKnite even by the application of fire. It
i< always kept within these stages at
Pinole, being taken to Santa Cruz for de
velopment. One part of the department
consists of a huge room, in which the
cotton is dried after being washed and
before it is mixed with acid. This drying
room frequently contains tons of loose
cotton, much of it fluffy and dusty, which
Is very inflammable. It wa>s in this room
that the fire originated. The llames were
discovered at half-past 2 o'clock, and at
once the flrebell was tolled and several
hundred employes were called to the
Bcene.
The work of fighting the fire was helped
by the wind, which remained in a favora
ble Quarter until all danger was past.
The employes labored with what might oe
called true bravery and indifference to
their own safety, for close to the guncot
ton works are several storehouses con
taining explosives, and a single spark
from the burning cotton-house might nave
produced an explosion. That there was
great danger of flying sparks reaching trie
glycerine-house and other buildings was
proved by the fact that some of the
sparks reached a railroad trestle on the
overland track and set it on fire. It was
ssary to delay all travel until the lire
put out and all possible danger from
a prospective explosion or a burned trestle
was passed. The loss is estimated at
520,000.
The buildings are all of very light con
struction, for obvious reasons. This after
the wreck had been cleared away,
and workmen were busy with the recon
struction. No one was injured, but the
accident will keep many men out of work
for a few weeks. The company has been
working en heavy shifts at double pres
sur«- f'>r several months fulfilling an order
for half a million pounds of guncotton and
smokeless powder for the United States
Government.
REFORMERS HAVE
ISSUED A CIRCULAR
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE IS NOW
FEELING ITS WAY.
Wants to Nominate a Ticket in Ad
vance of the Regular Party
Organizations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■•-.-.. 90S Broadway, Nov. 29.
A? stated in The Call some days ago,
tho Municipal League will probably nomi
nate an independent ticket for city officers
to be elected next spring. The following
circular has been sent out:
Citizens' Municipal League, 1008% Broadway,
Room 15. Oakian.l ral.. Nov. 28, 1898.— Sir:
Public opinion seems to demand a change in
the mai of municipal affairs of Oak
land and many citizens believe an honest,
economical and progressive government can
better be obtained by nominations and election
conducted by the methods of the Citizens'
Municipal League uwed in March. ls'.'3. when
its nominations were made Independently, and
prior to the other party nominations, and
which resulted !n the election of it 3 nominee
for Mayor and nine of its nominees for Coun
cilmen.
■\Ve address you with a view to ascertaining
your advice and opinion concerning such a
movement by the league. If you favor and
will su; port such ■ movement, please write
"Yes" on the inclosed card with your name
and address and mail it immediately. Yours
for f?<M.d governnu
COMMITTEE OF 'ITIZENS 1 MUNICIPAL
LEAGUE.
CAItY HOWARD, President.
No meeting of the league has been held
but the circular has been sent out by the
central committee. Should sufficient en
couragement be aot received the league
may conclude not to call a convention.
HE COULD SPEAK ENGLISH.
When Denied an Interpreter Manuel
Olevedo Testified in His Wife's
Divorce Suit.
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— Further hearing
was had before Judge Ogden this after
noon in the divorce suit of Maria R. Ole
.gainst Manuel A. Olevedo, brought
on the ground of cruelty. Mrs. Olevedo
again testified as to being struck by her
husband on her return from a visit to
friends one- evening a year ago.
It developed that the defendant has re-
Bided in California the past forty-two
years, but he had never expressed his de
sire to become a citizen. He claimed,
moreover, when called to the witness
stand to-day, that he could not speak
or understand English. When, however,
the Interpreter was denied him, he made
a very succt'.-sful effort to get along with
out Buch aid, and answered the court's
questions quite readily.
Judge Ogden continued the matter of a
final decision for two weeks. His Honor
intimated that if the decree is granted
there shall also be a division of property
and children, but that In the event of
denying a divorce an order would be made
providing for- the wife's maintenance.
The attorneys were unable to agree on
many points relating to alimony, hence
the continuance.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— W. F. Kroll, R. C.
J. Adney and B. Litzenstein filed an ap
praisement in the estate of Esther Kelly,
an Insane i»-r.^m, showing a total valua
tion of $15,427 66.
Almanina lessen, through her attor
neys, Vogelsang & Brown, to-day filed
suit for a divorce against Carl A. E. Las
sen, on the ground of desertion.
Deputy Poundmaster Pete Farrell who
was convicted of battering a small boy,
was to have been sentenced to-day, but
the matter was continued until Friday.
Judge Greene to-day sustained a de
murrer interposed by Attorney Crowell on
behalf of Arcadia E. and -Timothy Ma
honey, defendants in the nuit brought by
Jose G. Moraga to recover $1500, which
amount the latter claimed he contributed
toward a marvelous perpetual motion
scheme which never developed.
A meeting of the local Red Cros» So
ciety has been called by Mrs. I. L. Requa
to be held at the Ebell Temple, corner of
Thirteenth and Harrison streets.
■ m ■
College Football Rally.
BERKELEY. Nov. 29— There will be a
grand rally of the University of Califor
nia students next Thursday afternoon in
behalf of the football team that played
on Thanksgiving day. The meeting will
be held in the Harmon gymnasium from 3
until 5 o'clock. The programme will con
f* ♦. of speeches, songs and football yells.
FEARS THAT
HE WILL KILL
HER SOME DAY
Mrs. Rockhill Beaten
Most Brutally.
A HUSBAND'S CRUEL CONDUCT
HIS MISFORTUNES WIN HER
SYMPATHY.
An Angry Man's Conduct Because
His Wife Failed to Prepare a
Turkey Dinner for
Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 29.
A case of extremest cruelty with a
savor of the Brandes case was investi
gated by Sergeant Peterson to-day by or
der of Chief of Police Fletcher. It is that
of Mrs. Edward Rockhill, residing with
her family at the corner of Forty-third
and Linden streets,, and the story of her
suffering and injuries at the hands of her
husband as told by her is most scan
dalous.
When Sergeant Peterson called at the
Rockhill residence he found the woman
confined to her bed. She stated that Bhe
had been severely beaten by her husband
last Sunday because she had not arranged
a turkey dinner on Thanksgiving day.
Rockhill had struck his wife across the
face with the wooden handle of a large
knife or a piece of wood— she did not
know which, for as a result of the first
blow her face and eyes were covered with
blood and her face was badly bruised,
while other portions of her body also
showed marks.
According to Mrs. Rockhill's statement,
her little niece, aged 12 years, interfered
at the time, and the woman had thus been
enabled to escape with her life. The in
furiated husband then attempted to strike
the girl with a club, which he finally
threw at her, but it missed its mark and
crashed through a window pane. It is
said, moreover, that the husband, after
knocking his wife down, kicked her.
The unfortunate woman ran to neigh
bors after the terrible beating and they
summoned Dr. Legault, who dressed her
wounds.
Dr. Legault states that when he visited
Mrs. Rockhill she was bleeding freely
from a cut on the bridge of the nuse,
which had been inflicted, he thought, by
a blunt instrument.
Edward Rockhill is employed from time
to time at the Judson Iron Works. He is
a powerful man. The injured woman is
his second wife.
Mrs. Rockhill stated to Sergeant Peter
son that she did not wish to have her as
sailant arrested. She intimated that he is
sometimes out of his right mind because
of his failing eyesight and a mortgage on
their home. During these spells, she said,
he is very violent and she admitted that
she was afraid he would kill her sooner
or later; yet on account of his misfor
tunes she sympathized with him and sim
ply asked for protection.
BRANDES PROTESTED.
Lillian Brandes' Alleged Slayer Ob-
jected to Hi« Photo Being Taken.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29. — William A.
Brandts, who, with his wife, is charged
with the murder of his 13-year-old daugh
ter, Lillian, protested most stoutly to-day
when Photographer C. W. Logan called
on him to take his picture for Sheriff
White's rogues' gallery. He said his at
torneys, Bennett & Sawyer, did not wish
him to be photographed, but Deputy Sher
iff Lane Insisted that his photo was very*
essential. Brandes, however, when he
finally faced the camera, dropped his jaw
and in other ways changed his facial ex
pression, hoping thereby to succeed in
giving an unrecognizable picture. Two
views were secured.
Mr«. Brandts was also photographed at
the County Jail to-day, but she submitted
without a murmur. Her general appear
ance indicates that she is slowly wasting
away under the great strain.
ANOTHER VIEW OF
SELLING CITY LAND
M. J. KELLER WANTS TO LIVE TO
SEE IMPROVEMENTS.
City Hall Site Would Bring Money
That Might Be Used to
Advantage
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 29.
M. J. Keller, vice-president of the Oak
land Board of Trade, has published a re
ply to the report of the committee of the
Merchants' Exchange on the sale of the
City Hall site. Mr. Keller differs ma
terially from Mr. Sohst. He says:
Considering the prices recently obtained. $700
a'front foot, for contiguous but more favorably
located property in the blocks between Thir
teenth and Fourteenth on Washington street,
it is impossible to figure out the $1,000,000 valu
ation given by Mr. Sohst for the City Hall lot.
In IKB7 the "late Senator James O. Fair Htood
at the southeast corner of Fourteenth street
and Broadway in Oakland, and pointing to
San Pablo avenue, prophetically exclaimed:
"That is bound to be the leading business
street of your city."
How long, it' the City Hall tot is put on the
market, before a fine building rises in place
of the present paltry, two-story, street nar
rowing edifice?
With Washington street extended from Four
teenth street across Fifteenth to San Pablo
avenue, through an arcade where the City Hall
now Is, or as an ordinary street prolongation,
and in the near future, with Fifteenth street
crossing San Pablo avenue and rounding
, through similarly an arcade to Telegraph ave
nue and Broadway, what a picturesque vicin
ity will greet the sight-seeing stranger!
In a few months the San Pablo avenue cable
l ail way will be converted into an electric line,
and before two years it may be predicted that
same broad San Pablo avenue will be the pop
ular route to the ferry depot of the Santfp Fe.
Young men like Councilman Pringle see the
i merit of this proposition.
What if th,e twenty acres, three-fourths of
: the valuation of which was donated by the
Water Front Company through the efforts of
the Board of Trade, and situated on Twelfth
street, facing Lake Merrltt, be made suitable
and utilized for a site for the new City Hall?
It Is my Judgment, as It is that of. many of
: my fellow members of the Board of Trade, not
i to go further, that in the near future Oakland
! — or Alameda, as Oakland may some day be
called— will be a city comiirifilng within its
bounds every suburb now outlying.
We want to show a Chicago spirit In Oak
land. This town has now the wealth and popu
lation which, conjoined to the climate, topo
graphy and situation, make it a city of Import
i ance In the estimation of outsiders. Having a
beautiful and stately City Hall, a modern six
story block, with lake improvement, boulevard
and park, would surely be an advantage to
Oakland in numerous particulars. Would they
not hasten the desired city and county move
ment, and tend to draw toward us our neigh
bors of Alameda, Berkeley and Frultvale? And
the commercial interests of Oakland see a rapid
evolution for San Pablo avenue If a sumptuous
block ■>{ buildings appear in place of the an
cient and petty structure now in service as a
Jail and City Hall.
Exposition Near Its Close.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— The State Exposi
tion is nearing its close, but interest and
attendance continue to increase. The pro
grammes and special days have proved a
success, and the management is endeavor
ing to make the final week the strongest of
the season. To-night the Acme Club had
complete charge of an excellent entertain
ment, including performances in athletics
such as wrestling, boxing, tumbling, etc.
To-morrow the A. O. U. W. will entertain
i afternoon and evening.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
SOME VERY
CHEAP FIGHTS
WERE MADE
Generosity Is Shown
Politicians.
■
COMPARISON *OF EXPENSES
FOUR- YEAR TERMS OBTAINED
ALL TOO EASILY.
Some Candidates Paid Nothing and
Just a Few Did Not Know
That They Were Nomi
v nated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 29.
The time having elapsed in which can
didates at the recent election can legally
tile their expense accounts, It is instruc
tive to compare the various amounts
parted with in the wild scramble for office.
The evidence indicates that the printers,
"workers," "friends," livery stable men,
card peddlers, saloon men and restaurant
men in Alameda County are remarkably
generous. There must have been tens of
thousands of cigars, thousands of drinks,
hundreds of thousands of cards, hundreds
of workers and scores of buggies supplied
absolutely gratis to the candidates, for
they were not paid for. At least, if the
candidates have sworn to the truth, and
no Alameda politician or office holder has
ever been accused of doing otherwise,
no other conclusions can be arrived at.
than that generosity ruled their friends
Frank Jordan spent $712, which is the
highest of any candidate, in beating *.
C. Stoddard for County Clerk. It cost
Mr. Stoddard $401 for the glory.
Charley Spear, who ran for Recorder
spent $374, but it is some satisfaction to
him to know that it cost the successful
candidate, A. K. Grim, $tWI. Henry P.
Dalton had no opposition, being nomi
nated by every party. But some way or
other he spent $646. Coroner-elect Mehr
mann only spent $147, which is three more
than it cost James McManus to be de
feated. George L. Nusbaumer, the per
manent County Surveyor, put out $9S,
while his opponent, Mr. Guppy, spent but
Sl9 32.
John R. Glascock, who was considered
by the Fusionlsts a sure thing for Super
visor, parted with $1.82. whilo Will Church
spent but $2 50 more and was elected.
J. Aubrey Jones, who was in the Con
gressional race with Victor H. Metcalf,
paid $140 • for the satisfaction of having
his name on the ballot. J. Smith, who
ran for Treasurer, spent 16 cents. H. B.
Lande made a campaign on $1 65. S. I).
Waterman spent $377 running for Super
intendent of Schools, while his successful
opponent, T. O.- Crawford, only let go of
$2SS. E. J. Grebs, who essayed to be
County Clerk, W. S. Chapman, an Assem
bly candidate, R. R. Burr for Assessor,
Michael Iverson for Coroner, I. M. Harri
son for Public Administrator and a few
other Prohibition candidates did not spend
a cent, while one or two candidates de
clared that they did not know they were
nominated or were on the ticket. And yet
it is freely said that many of the indi
vidual campaigns were not made on less
than $2000.
Tax Collector James B. Barber was pre
sented yesterday by his deputies with a
beautiful pearl-handled carving set. The
presentation was made at the annual din
ner given by the Tax Collector to his
deputies.
Most of the successful candidates have
already filed their bonds and the deputies
in the various departments are named as
printed in The Call some weeks ago.
Coming Poultry Show.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— The exhibit of the
Oakland Poultry Association will be open
to the public in Exposition Hall Wednes
day, December 7, for four days, closing
the following Saturday. A large number
of entries are being received from all
parts of the State. Prizes will be award
ed acordlng to the score-card system.
However, at the request of a large num
ber of exhibitors, the weight clause will
be waived in judging pullets and cocker
els. "-■,-■/'
Those in charge will give all stock ex
hibited the best of attention. The coops
will be free from draught, having cloth
sides and tops, with wire fronts, thus
showing the birus to the best advantage.
L. N. Cobbledlck is the superintendent.
INHUMAN ACT OF A FATHER.
Beats His Little Sons and Then
Causes Their Arrest.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 29.— Alameda is agi
tated to-night over the action of Jacob
Hoock, a member of the last Grand
Jury, who beat his sons, George and
John, aged respectively 11 and 13 years,
this afternoon until they were hardly
able to walk and then handed them over
to a police officer to have them locked up
in the City Prison. «.,»,,
The lad's were pupils at the Encinal
School. They live with their parents at
the corner of Railroad avenue and Ben
ton street. When they went home at
noon to-day they found their father in a
rage H<- " accused them of stealing a
bucket of paint and insisted that they
should tell all about it. The boys claim
ed they knew nothing about the stuff.
Failing to get a confession the father
picked up a heavy stick and beat the
boys most brutally. He then locked them
in "the house and kept them until evening
when he turned them over to Officer
T 'iiirt'iice and instructed him to lock
them up in the City Prison. No charge
has been placed against them.
The boys were put in a cell by them
selves to keep them apart from the hard
ened criminals in the jail. They were
seen this evening, and between sobs told
their story. They are both bright little
lads, and their faces show they were
truthful in what they said. They stated,
with considerable emphasis, that they
knew absolutely nothing about the stol
en paint. . - ■ - „ ■'_.
"Papa whipped us awful hard, said
George the youngest of the pair, "and
we did not know what we were being
beaten for. He said we had stolen a
bucket of paint. Truly, we didn't and
don't know anything about it."
Indignation runs high at Hoecks ac
tion in having his sons locked in the jail
with drunks, petty larceniets and other
criminals. He Is a merchant of West
Alameda and was a member of tho
last Grand Jury. Hoeck claims that the
reason he had his boys locked up was to
scare them into making a confession.
Banquet to the Sheriff -Elect.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 29.— Sheriff-elect Oscar
Rogers was tendered a banquet this even
ing by a number of prominent gentlemen
of this city. The affair was arranged by
R B. Tappan, a life-long friend of the
successful candidate. Among the invited
guests were: D. W. Martin, John Conrad,
lion A. F. St. Sure, Hugh Gallagher,
Judge R. B. Tappan. Louis Fischer. Hon.
Henry Morris. James Monro, Louis Schoe
nau, 'Harry Transue, Dr. Keyes, Ben F.
Lamborn, *F. O. Schumann, Ed Macdon
ald, Henry Glas. R. Mitchell, Dr. T. Car
•penter. J. B. Lanktree, Under Sheriff Har
low, John Parsons, Robert Boyer and Dr.
H. B. Mehrmann.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 29.— C. I* Weller, li
brarian of the Alameda Free Library, has
been appointed a committee on library
legislation by the State Library Associa
tion, which met recently in Sacramento.
A thief entered the home of Rev. C. E.
Rich of the Santa Clara avenue M. E.
Church Sunday night and stole a urse
containing several dollars.
Carl W. Peterson, son of Carl Peterson,
a prominent merchant of this city, died
yesterday at San Diego. He was a suf
ferer from pneumonia and was taken
south about a we«k ago in the hope the
change of climate would benefit his
health. Deceased was 19 years of age.
TO CELEBRATE
VICTORY WITH
WINE AND SONG
U. C. Alumni Prepar
ing for a Banquet.
HONOR TO GRIDIRON HEROES
OLD GRADUATES WILL TOASi 1
THEIR WORK.
An Elaborate Spread to Be Given in
San Francisco in Honor
of Thanksgiving's
Game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 29.— The University
of California is not yet through with its
celebration of the great football victory
last Thanksgiving day. The success of
the Berkeley team is to be made the occa.
slon of a grand reunion oi the old U. C.
alumni at a banquet to be given in San
Francisco next Friday evening, Decem
ber 2.
Invitations are being sent out as rapidly
as possible to all the Berkeley graduates
who can be reached before the night set
for the reunion. Loyal sons of their Aima
Mater are expected from all parts of the
State to shout again their college yell ana
to share in the general good feeling over
the first triumph of the Ulue and Crold on
the gridiron. As it will be impossible to
include every graduate in the number of
invitations sent out, the alumni have been
requested to spread the report of the af
fair to their old college associates.
\s guests of the evening the eleven men
who composed the team last Thursday
will be present, with their coach, Garrett
Cochran "Baby" Cadwalader of lale,
J K. Plunkett, Eddie Sherman, L. E.
Hunt and others who assisted in training
the team will also be among the invited
guests. .  .
Preparations are being made to hold the
banquet at the Mutual Life building, 222
Sansome street. The dinner will be
served at 6:30 o'clock. The committee of
arrangements consists of James K. Mof
fitt of the First National Bank (chair
man). Warren Olney Jr. and Gailiord
Stoney. The invitations are issued by
James Sutton, recorder of the faculty at
Berkeley and secretary of the Alumni
Association. _____
A YOUNG WIFE'S DEATH.
Result of an Operation Performed
Last Week.
BERKELEY, Nov. 29.— Mrs. Maud
Fisher, the wife of Julius L. Fisher of
263] Shattuck avenue, died shortly after
midnight last light as the result of a
criminal operation performed in San
Francisco some time last week.
The deceased was scarcely 19 years of
age. She had been married about two
years. The husband is a barber by tradu.
His partner, A. Levy, occupies rooms
with his family in the rear of 'the store,
Mr. and Mrs. Fisher, with their one
child, residing elsewhere. Early Sunday
morning the woman came to her hus
band's store and complained of reeling
ill As her condition appeared to be
quite serious she was taken to one of
the rooms in the rear and Dr. t. K.
Woolsoy was summoned, but medical
aid failed to relieve her suffering.
By yesterday morning her recovery
seemed beyond hope, and Dr. G. B.
Hoagland was called in for consultation.
A.s death drew near she made a state
ment in the presence of both doctors
telling of the criminal operation to which
she had submitted. .
The act was done by some female doctor
in San Francisco some time during last
week. The unfortunate woman left Berke
ley one afternoon, all unknown to her
friends and relatives, to have the opera
tion performed.
Deputy Coroner Streightif was summon
ed as soon as death had taken place. He
ordered an autopsy to be conducted this
afternoon. The decision of the physicians
agreed substantially with the confession
made by the woman before her death.
After the result of the autopsy had been
made known Marshal R. F. Lloyd of
Berkeley left for San Francisco in search
of the person responsible for the criminal
act. It proved to be a woman by the name
(if Klizabeth Balkwell, living at 932 Harri
son street. Detectives Dillon, Crockett
and Marshal Lloyd placed her under ar
rest and took her to the City Prison,
where charges were entered against her.
Berkeley Cotillon Night.
BERKELEY, Nov. 29. — To-morrow even
ing at S o'clock the Berkeley Cotillon
Club win hold its first assembly of the
season in Shattuck Hall. Arrangements
have been made to hold the first cotillon
next January, to be followed by a sec
ond in February. The patronesses of the
club are: Mrs. Martha Kollogg, Mrs.
John Garber, Mrs. W. L. Duff, Mrs. John
D.cane, Mrs. A. J. Ralston, Mrs. A. A.
Pennoyer, Mrs. W. F. Davenport, Mrs.
Boys' Brigade Disrupted.
ALAMKDA, Nov. 29.— Company A of the
Boys' Brigade, the pioneer company of
the organization, has withdrawn from
the regimont with which it was connected
and has declared its independence. The
company is connected with the First
Presbyterian Church of this city, and it
was with the consent of the directors of
the church that the resignation was sent
to brigade headquarters. Trouble has
been brewing in the Boys' Brigade for
some time. It has not been a harmonious
body for several years, and the dissen
sions culminated in a smash-up a few
weeks ago, when several companies had a
competitive drill for a silver cup and the
affair broke up in a rough-and-tumble
light. The Presbyterian company re
sented what it claimed to be favoritism
on the part of the judges and withdrew
from the drill. Considerable ill-feeling
was demonstrated, and during the fight
that followed Company A was locked out
of its armory.
Oaklanders Finally Yield.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 29.— The Alameda City
Trustees will hold a special session to
morrow evening to take action toward
building- the Alameda approaches to the
Alice street bridge. The Oakland Mer
chants' Exchange notified the city au
thorities to-day that it had raised $300
toward defraying the expenses, besides
many donations of lumber and other ma
terial necessary in building the roadway.
Alameda has insisted that Oakland pay
for half of the expenses of the work.
The estimated cost is $1000.
Too Many Domestic Battles.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 29.— Mary E. Battles
filed suit to-day for a legal separation
from her husband. Ward Battles. The
defendant is a well-known politician of
this city, and was formerly prominent
among the members of the Encinal Yacht
Club, the swell nautical organization of
this city. Mr. and Mrs. Battles have been
married for about ten years. Mrs. Battles
charges that her husband has habits en
tirely too convivial to be conducive to
marital happiness. She also alleges neg
lect and failure to provide.
Rogers Will Retire Monday.
ALAMKDA, Nov. 29.— City Marshal
Rogers stated this evening he would pre
sent his resignation to the City Trustees
next Monday night. The Trustees will
make no appointment to fill the vacancy.
Sergeant Conrad will assume control of
the police force as ranking officer. The
reason assigned for not naming a suc
cessor to Rogers is that the municipal
election will occur next April and that
an appointee would have an advantage
over the other aspirants for the office.
Plymouth Church Entertainment.
The congregation of the Plymouth Con
gregational Church has arranged an en
tertainment and sale of fancy articles, to
take place 'n the parlors of the edifice on
Post Btreet, near Webster, on the even
ings of December 1 and 2 and the after
noon of December C. On the opening
night a concert will be given under tne
direction of Professor F. Dellepiane. at
which much of the best musical talent
of the city will assist. On Friday even
ing there will be a march and chorus
of Mother Goose and family, in costume,
with songs and recitations suitable to the
occasion. Mrs. Sidney L. StricKiand will
conduct the Saturday afternoon festival,
which will be especially interesting tor
mothers and their little ones.
THE OAKLAND DOG SHOW.
High Class Collies and Cocker Span
iels Will Be Represented on
the Bench.
Great Interest has been aroused among
collie breeders by the novel feature to be ,
introduced in the forthcoming specialty j
show in Oakland, namely, the use of the I
score card in judging "that breed. Nor
man J. Stewart, the secretary of the Cali
fornia Collie Club, is responsible for the
Innovation, which will attract many en
tries. In fact, it is probable that the en
try of coliies will be a record one for the
coast. Mr. Stewart's kennels will be rep
reeented to its full strength. Mr. Albee of
Lawrence and Miss Beach of San Jose
will each send a strong contingent and (
Mr. Donnelly of Burllngame will exhibit
a couple of high-clasa dogs.
In cocker spaniels the entry will be a
representative one. It is said that Mr.
Wegener will throw the entire strength
of the Redwood kennels into the competi
tion, while Mr. Plum and Mr. Leonard
will show some blue-blooded cockers with
which they expect to gain their share or
the ribbons. . 
But the Judging of the collies by the
score card will be the center of interest,
and too much credit cannot be assigned to
Mr. Stewart for his enterprise.
Phil Wand has sent his Eng.ish setter
bitch Flora W to Troy, N. V., to be bred
to E. A. Burdette's Cincinnatus Pride.
The Pacific Mastiff Club will meet on
Saturday next. The membership commit
tee will report on two candidates.
The Sacramento show will open on Jan
uary 4 and applications for premium lists
should be addressed to the secretary,
Matt Coffey, Sacramento. The chow will
be held under the rules of the Pacific
Kennel League, which can be obtained
from C. R. Harker, secretary, San Jose.
Wins will be recognized by every club,
a member of the league, and dogs having
won under the rules of the American
Kennel Club should be entered In the
corresponding class under the rules of the
P. K. L. Thus, dogs with more than four
first wins in open and limit classes should
be entered in the "winners' class" at Sac
ramento.
Thistle Club Entertainment.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle
Club will give an entertainment at St.
Markua Church this evening. Dur
ing the entertainment Master Julius A.
Haug. the young violinist, who has Just
returned from Europe, will render some
high-class selections.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
W H Knapp, Napa W Webster. Reno
M Swinehart, Chicago M Smith. San Rafael
M Eichengien. Chggo 'rs M Smith. S Rafael
A Levinsky, Stockton F A Bradley, Cincin
J Oestericher, N V A W Jones, Monterey
C E T Inloes, N V Mlsb A Jonea, Monty
Mrs C E T Inloes, N V C B Boothe. L Ang
H Bellew. Chicago Mrs X Howard. S Joae
Mrs Bellew, Chicago W Wright, Oregon
W B Plese, Victoria IH J Slmmms, Texas
Q HufTon, St Louis !E S Christian. Texas
N Tnoinpson. S Lake |F N Spear, Los Ang
C A Cox. Sydney iH Spaulding. N X
D Kirr N V A Amedee, Paris
C Hopkins, Spokane A Steam, Chicago
A Kane, NY H Shomlnger. N X
L Friedman, Chicago J Douglas, N V
W Lacy, Los Ang G Goodman, Napa
F P Wright, St Paul Mrs G Goodman, Napa
GRAND HOTEL.
3 T Shelter, lowa J J Hebbron, Salinas
W Frankhoxter, la I C McMarker. Sacto
G P Marvin. Oakland V Dreschler A w. Sue
C Keener, Pinole I Ml Dowell & W, Cal
J B McNab, Berkeley D Hollistcr, Courtland
A R Penike. S Jose U B Baer. Cloverdale
a G Radcliffe. Watsnvl II Doyle, Santa Rosa
E Eiohhorn & W. San:3 B Porter. Salinas
Diego A W Bak»r. Watsonvl
C E Jackson, L Ang b E Williams. Ukiah
H A Bush, Colusa W H Hopkins. Belmnt
T S Bell &w, L Ang Dr W^Jtlock. Meroed
3 F Baldwin, Or I W Goad, Colusa
I M Maxwell, Colo 3 C Evans Jr. Rlversd
T B White. Beaver Fls G Frost, Klverslde
P B Denmg, Auburn \V S Herlrlck. Fresno
W H Freeland & w. I H Wright. St Louis
Stockton. C Olmste.l. N V
G H Bishop, Cons 3 R Hand. Sacto
L A Madden, Crawford lQ \V Warls. San Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Hart & w, Vlsalla F Chrlstenson. B C
A Chubb &w. Sacto C M Peters. L Ang
J Chambers, Seattle iJ Lloyd, Uklah
1 Kington. Fresno Mrs M Harris, Colfax
1 I^^rlng. Montana .1 Erictaon, S Clara
P H Newman, Mich □ F Davison. Riverside
2 F Houghton, Portlnd L J Ross. Su:sun
I W Malinari & w, B C P Freeman, Davlsville
'.} Kennedy, Fresno J Eckman, L Ang
I A K.nfr. Tacoma L. Morrison, Tacoma
T D Smith, Seattle
GAIS FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner o/ Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tils Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; »pen until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING XOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44. F. and J»
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) ,_/%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second TT2T
degree. ' ■
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— a
Called mooting THIS (WEDNESDAY) Jfc
l'.ii..\l.NG at 7:30 o'clock. Second TCyT
degree. f^w \
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. r m
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES- _J^
DAY) EVENING, November 30, at 7:30 Jgjf
o'clock. By order of the W. M. . /V>
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. o.
F.— There will be a double inltla- •=S^^2~K£
tion on THURSDAY EVENING, %^*K§?
December 1; also Important '"'tvix*-
amendments to the by-laws will be con-
. sidered. It Is necessary that all members at-
tend. Visiting brothers are cordially invited.
JOHN STEVENSON. N. O.
WM. H. CLAUSEN. Rec. Sec.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. ■ ,v^ML&,
112, I. O O. V.— Attendance of 42£3££5e:
all members desired THURSDAY -i»«3gsr
EVENING, December 1. D. D. •r-""" ' •
G. M. George W. Keeler will pay an official
visit. Election of officers.
CHAS..J. SPEAR, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. <$mWtet.
O. O. F.— lnitiation and elec-
tlon of officers THURSDAY : S|S!jEKS
EVENING, December 1. <^57n\V*
H. F. NEUNABER, Noble Grand.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Wintz Mining and Improve-
ment Company, In its mine near Pleasant
Valley, El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine; from Joel Bean in
the Cleveland mine No. 2, near Seal* Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Rock Creek;
from J. B. Jones, in the Haskell Valley mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings on a flat below the mine; from
Thomas Gomez, In the Snowy Side mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings In Willow Creek; from N. H.
Friis. in the New York mine, near Buck's
Ranch, Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
Willow Creek; from J. C. Homer, In the
Chaplain mine, near Buck'B Ranch, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in Willow Creek;
from Llewellyn A. Hoeflich, ■in the Rocky
' Bar mine, near Nelson Point, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In worked-out pits and
from C. W. Ayers, in the Oriole gravel mine,
near Jamestown, Tuolumne County, to deposit
tailings on a Hat below the mine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at. room 63.
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on De-
cember 12. IS9S, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meet-
. ing of the stockholders of the Mutual Elec-
tric Light Company will be held at the office
of the company, 617 Howard s*.., San Fran-
cisco, California, on MONDAY, the sth day
of December, IS9B, at the hour of 10:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the enfuin* year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting
JAMES FISHER. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen . per share) of
- the Oceanic Steamship "«mpar.v will be pay-
nble at the office of the company, 327. Market
Bt. on and after Thursday, December 1. IS9B.
Transfer books will, close on Friday. Novem-
ber 25. 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m. ■■■■-- ■'«
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4 ; -ollecttona made;
city .or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
' CO., 1 415 Montgomery St., rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from :.' $3;' whitened, -$1 up;
painting done. Hartmana Paint Co., 343 3d at.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
and chambermaid, 3 years In last place. Ap
ply MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter_st.
FIRST-CLA¥s~Ge7rt_n"7nfant's nurse desires
situation: best reference; city or country.
MISS CUL_-EN 1 325Sutter_st ; __
NEAT aerm_-T_irr_--iw situation , at house-
work or as nurse; $12 to $13; references. Ml__
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt. ,
GERMAN second girl and w^*.™",*^"'
Bituation or as coverness; best reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH house girl. S° od ,£°°\.l.RTON '3.3
place, city or country. MRS. JsCRTON. 313
Sutter st. \ ;
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and housekeeper; references MRS. NOR-
) TON. 313 Sutter Bt. .
°^_£_^__. tt F Ge Sx C T°l «£ ti
Sutter st. : __
GERMAN woman with a child wishes i a posi-
tion as housekeeper In small family, smaii
wages: or housecleanlng by the day; 50c to
$1. 1654 Market st. .
COMPETENT German woman wants - day's
work: washing, ironing, cleaning house^and
silver. Call or address MRS. H. H_.lD_rt.
642 Folsom st.
YOUNG German woman wishes UA^J"^. n
housework and cooking; Is a good """-tress,
can do any kind of work; will live at home.
4-40>r_ Jessie St., In rear, upstairs. _____
YOUNG American woman- with children
wishes situation as cook on a raijch or in a
?amp. Address 515 Eighthja^Oftkland^^^
NEW ENGLAND woman "wTsheT-Uuation ti do
city w country. 2^ Fifth et.. near Howard.
LADY -wishes sewing or to assist In i liffht house-
Ivork part of the day for board and room.
Call cr address MRS. W.. 529 Pine st.
COMPETENT young English woman wants
work Wednesdays and Saturdays; $1 day .and
carfare; highest references. Box 1800. Call.
COMPETENT girl wishes BltU-tton to do gen-
eral housework; city reference; wages $20, no
postals. Apply 1210 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation in Private
family; wages $25 to $30. Call or address
407 Taylor st. _____
COMPETENT woman wishes position: general
housework, plain cooking; neat, quick work-
er; fond of children. Bos 1850. Call office.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do H_ht
housework for small wages; good cook and
housekeeper. Address 136 Fifth, near Howard.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to
do general housework: with many years ref-
erences. Call at 2689 Mission st., nr. 23d.
WOMAN wishes housecleanlng by the day or
wash and Iron. $1 a day and car fare. 1113 ft
Howard Bt.. room 21.
WOMAN with references desires washing or
housework by the day: terms 75c and car
fare Address box 182 P. Call office^
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In private
family; would do general housework In small
family. Call at 227 Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework. Call between 11 and 5. 523
Lombard st.
YOUNG lady wishes position In candy store.
Address box 1503, Call.
COMPETENT cook wants work In hotel or
brdnp. house; city or country. Box 1562, Call.
RESPECTABLE girl want* situation as sec-
ond girl; references. Call 506 Hyde st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work b- day as
nurse or cleaning. Apply 521 Minna; upstairs.
WOMAN wants work by the day, week or
month. Call at 96 South Park, second floor.
ALL-ROXTND cook and help: can take chefs
place or full charge of kitchen: English,
French and German cook; nrst-clas3 pastry;
first-class hotel references. 24 Hunt st.
BY young lady, pianist, position as companion
to lady; no trlfiers. Box 1699. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper; good reference. 522 Stockton St., cor-
ner Pine.
ELDEBLY lady would like a situation to do
light housework: good cook; wages from $1?
to Jl5. Apply 3000 Washington st.
YOUNG lady would like respectable employ-
ment some time during evening. Addreas
box 1695. Cal lofflce.
GOOD German girl would like situation to do
second work and wait on table In private
family; best of references. Please call 140
Landers st. , off Sixteenth; city or country.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
general housework; good cook. Call or send
to 246 Sixth St., room 13. second floor.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
general housework: wages $15 to $20. Call or
address 1239 Market St., near Ninth.
YOUNG lady wishes position to take care of
Invalid or companion to old person; city or
country; best references. Address C, 615
Larkin st_
YOUNG woman desires position as house-
keeper In widower's family; fond of children;
good cook; city or country. Address S., 615
Larkin Bt.
STRONG girl wishes work by the day: plain
washing or any kind of housework. 1331 Ful-
ton st.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a position as
housekeeper, chambermaid or saleslady. Ad-
dress box 384. Call office. Oakland^
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 uO, postage
raid.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG Swedish man wants situation; coach-
man and gardener: understands his work
thoroughly. Address MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st.
COMPETENT German gardener and coach-
man desires situation: best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
JACAXF.SE-OHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO, AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414'<j O'FarreU St.; tel. East 426.
MAN and wife wish situations on ranch; thor-
oughly understands culture of all kinds of
fruit: capable of taking full charger best of
references. Call or address G. W. G., 642
Folsom st.
STRONG, sober, able-bodied man. good two
or four-horse teamster, well acquainted with
city, would like employment. Address G. F.
H., 1103 Montgomery st.
BY middle-aged man, German, generally use-
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden
in private family; references. O. M., 674 East
Sixteenth st.. East Oakland.
GARDENER, understands vegetables and
flowers, good milker, teamster and stable-
man, wants situation of any kind. Box 1553,
Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference; state the
wages. J. A. MAC DONALD, 214 Third st.
ELDERLY man wishes a situation to cook for
men in the country; has good references. Ad-
dress box 255, Call office.
SITUATION as vegetable gardener and man
about place; can care for horses and milk;
best of references. Box 1854, Call office.
SOBER and all-around handy man wishes work
of any kind, either whole or some part of
day. Box 1936, Call office.
YOUNG man, steady and temperate habits,
wants work; references. Box 1852. Call office.
WANTED— Position by intelligent man; refer-
ences or bond 6. Address box 1864, Call office.
FARMER and wife wish work on ranch or take
charge of place; man experienced farmer;
woman good housekeeper. UOSVi Hyde st.
LIQUOR man who understands how all kinds
of liquors can be made wants situation. C.
BOEHME. 1231 Mission St.
FIRST-CLASS bakery foreman (German), all
kinds of bread and cake, wants steady situa-
tion; city or country. Call or address Baker,
940 Bryant st.
ELDERLY man, handy with tools, wants light
work; small wages; best of references. Ad-
dress H. W.. 10 Anthony st.
AN elderly man. sober and active, wishes po-
sition In private or business house; small
-vv;iges. Box 469. Call office.
A HANDY man around place, strictly temper-
ate, good moral habits, would like employ-
ment; reference. Box 1692, Call Office.
A COOK understands German-American .cook-
Ing; kitchen; wants situation. CARL
BOEHME, 1231 Mission Bt.
STEADY Japanese boy wants position as
schoolboy or housework of all kinds; ,work In
the city. K. HORINCHI. 408 OFarr^ll St.
JAPANESE, good business housekeeper,' wants
situation in lodging house or hotel as porter;
wages $20 up. Address A. V.. 1 Eddy place.
CHINESE boy. flrst-class private family cook,
wants situation; small wages; city or coun-
try refs Address W. S. X.. 615^ Dupont st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do general
housework v and cooking. Box 1693.
SITUATION by American dairyman and wife;
man In flrst-class cheesemaker and milker.
Address J. HAVES. Berkeley. Alameda Co.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as school
boy. Address box 1676, Call office.
MAN and wife wish to take charge of piace
in country; small farm, orchard. 29 Scott pi.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 20>» rooms: 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The CalL
Want ada and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.; phone
Grant ISS, want to-day 6 waitresses, city and
country, $20; 4 restaurant waitresses, $4, }.;
anil $6 Week; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20;
French or German cook lor nice private fam-
ily. $26; French second tjul. no heavy work,
see lady here, $20: cook and housegirl tor nice
country home, $30, fare paid; 2 girls tor
housework, short ways country. $15 and $17 50
fare paid: neat young girl ior housework, no
cooking, $15, and many girls of all n;r
ties for nice places, city and country, < lJ >i
$30. C. R. HANSEN &_CO._IO4 Gen -.- ]
2 SECOND girls. $20 and $1-; cook. $30; urM
$20; ranch cook, $25; 20 housework gi
and country, $_v and $-5; 8 young -
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutl
REFINED working housekeeper.
know how to cook; reC_rence. MISS CUI*.
LEN, 325 Sutter st^
NEAT second girl, $15; girl, light work, $_>
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, raru-h. $15; see party
here. MISS CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
COOK small boarding housa. $_5; 3 restaurant
waitresses. $f. ami $6 week, and ethers. J.
F CROSETT _. CO.. 316 Sutter st.
FIVE cooks In American and German families.
$25: waitress and parlor maid, $0 wefk; Ger-
man cook and second girl, same house, $22
and $15, and a great many girl- to fill situ-
ations in city and country. J. F. CKOSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $20; two second girls, $15
each; nurse girl. 1 child E years, $15; 25 hr.us..-
girls, $25 and $.0; 8 young girls to asslet, $10 to
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutt«r St.
WANTED — First-class waitress and parlor
maid, city references, $25; ironer, $9 a week.
LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED — Chambermaid, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife as cook and butler, $70 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADIES to embroider; good-paying, easy work
sent to your home; addressed envelope for
sample and materials. EMPIRE EMBROI-
DERY WORKS, 23 Duane st.. New YorkClty.
GIRL for housework; 2 in family; wages $12 to
$15. Call Wednesday and Thursday mornings
at 532 Halght st.
WANTED — An apprentice girl on fine coats;
will pay while learning. t*3 Montgomery st.,
room 10.
WANTED— A young girl to |o7nd baby and
assist. $8; sleep home. 20S Oak st. ; call
10:30 a. m.
GOOD reliable German or Swedish girl, general
housework, Fniltvale, $25. Call 103 Twelfth
sr, between 1 and - p. in..
WANTED— A young lady to work In candy
store. 1409 Polk at.; steady work; call be-
tween 12 and 1, and after 7 p. m.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house*
work. 1328 Eddy st.
WANTED — Young girl for light housework,
small family. 2111 Geary St., near Scott.
YOUNG girl for cooking only; wages $20 to $26
Call, from 10 to 3, 1601 Scott st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 2616V4
Bush fit.
WANTED— GirI 13 or 14 years; Email family;
good home. 1438 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED waitress; city or country;
also cook. 946 Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED operators on good waists and
shirts. 13 First St., NEL'BAUER BROS.
WANTED — A first-clas- dressmaker. 131 Post
St., room 20.
OPERATOR, also good finisher, wanted on.
good pants. 9231. Folpom Bt. \
PANTS apprentices wanted; only good sewer* %
need apply. 124 Turk st.
CHORUS girls wanted. Call on ARCHIH
LEVY. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— A finisher on, custom coats. 14
Harriet St.
NEAT girl for light housework. 1308 Ellis st.;
wages $10.
YOUNG girl for shooting gallery; good wages.
429 Dupont st. ; in store.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home;
wages $5 per month. 1621 V. Geary st.
APPRENTICE for halrwork and first-class
hairdresser. G. LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton.
GIRL for light housework and assist in plain
cooking. 1456 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for light housework; good wages. 281T
California st.
TAILORESS as pants finisher at s^_ Kearny
at., top floor, room 11.
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmakers on tailor suits;
highest salaries; only first -class need apply.
A. CAILLKAU, 48 Geary st.
WANTED — A young woman to do cooking-.
MRS. HERMAN. .6 Steuart St.; upstairs.
WANTED, in a reliable business— A bright,
energetic woman; over 25. Box 455. Call.
GIRL wanted for housework; small family.
1603 McAllister st.
WANTED— At once, 10 ladies for the Mont-
Carlo Theater. Call on ARCHIE LEVY, 6
Eddy St., room 116.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position-
free: patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good position*.;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister »t.
HELP WANTED— MAJLE. k
COOK, $11 a week; second cook, saloon, $S a
week; baker and pastry cook, assist on range,
no Sunday work, $10 a week; boy for butcher
shop, $6 a week; young man who lives with
hie parents to assist tend bar, $5 a week;
vegetableman, $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Tel. Grant 185
1500 railroad laborers for
Skaguay, fare reduced to
$14 50 to Skaguay $14 50
Sub-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 to $1 50 a yard for rock. 25c to
35c a yard for earth. Further particulars and
tickets at C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S, 104 Geary
Et. ; ship Friday.
TEAMSTERS; coast road; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main BS4B,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day
9 waiters, different places, $25 and $20 and
found; 6 cooks for different places, $50 to $30
and found; 3 dishwashers, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
6 FARM hands and teamsters. $25 and $20 and
found- 3 choreboys for ranches, $6 and found;
3 boys to learn city trades. $3 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MAN* competent to set up machinery and maka
tools, etc.; city Job. MURRAY & READY.
634-63i5 Clay ot. "
MAN who ha-, worked In a carriage works on
surface work; city. MURRAY & READY.
634-638 Clay Bt.
6 LABORERS In San Francisco $1 75 day
2 teamsters, know city etreets $1 75 day
5 slate splitters $2 50 day
Toolb furnished
IS woodchoppers $1 50 and *1 cord
48 tlemakers Sc to 12c each
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay. St.
HARNESS-MAKER, $35 and found, for a
camr. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
B\.KER. city, $60. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st. _^_
WANTED — Experienced 10-mule mountain
teamster. $50 and board; farmer. $25; carpen-
ter and pump man for mine. $40; Frenchman
and wife, $40; 10 laborers for city $1 .5 day;
2 quartz miners, $2 60 day; baker for cftuntrr
shop; cooks, waiters and others. Apply to j.
F CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 butlers, $40 and $50; waiter plain
hotel $25; waiter, plain restaurant. $2;>. om-
n"bus, flrst-class hotel. $25; young
sistant barkeeper. $5 a week; he f d nr 1 h lu^S) ry -
Tnan- lroner $35; teamster on a ranch. 1M a
month. e?c ANDRE'S, 316 BtOCfcton *.
■rt ACKSMITH and shoe, country shop. $2 50
a^a£ cool boarding-house. $35 ; former and
wife $25 to $30; slate splitters, $2 50 a day;
tlemkkers and postmakers and woodchoppers.
tSTs and prov sions furnished; good prices.
r T WARD & CO.. 6QS-610 Clay rt
■mtt at resDectable man for bakery; bread and
Sim^WPer week and board. JOHNSTON
& CO..' 872 Broadway. Oakland. ;
WANTED Lady or gentleman to address en-
velopes at home. Address in own handwrit-
ing box 1851. Call office.
YOUNG man to care for a couple of rooms In
exchange for shorthand lessons. Room 29,
Mercantile Library.
FIRS^-CLASS coat maker for ladles' tailor-
ing. COHN. 332 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Italian barber wanted for coun-
try. Apply DECKLEMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
SECOND cook wanted. 432 Fifth st.
WAN'TKD-A boy for a butcher's wagon. ?3»
Sanchez st., near Sixteenth.
PRINTER— Young man set type small Job of-
fice. 702 Howard St., under drug store.
SHOEMAKER wanted on custom work or re-
pairing. 202 Second st.
WANTED at once for country, flrst-class coat-
maker to work on ladies' tailor suits; good ,
wages to right man: must be rapid and pro-
flclent in all details. Apply at STEIN, SI- -W
MON & CO., Market st.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1: new
shoes, slirhtly damaged, >4 price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House propr.etor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
IMMEDIATELY — Shoemaker for country.
MAX.TEON & MOORE. 25 New Montgomery.HELP WANTED— Continued.
RIJcRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
vearx who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 6 feet 5 Inches
and G feet in height. For further Information
-^^ apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — At Montana House, 764V4 Mission
nt., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night, 60c, 90c and $1 per week. :•. W>
$25 A WEEK ar.d expensfs to sell cigars on
time: experience unnecessary: holiday goods.
W. L. KLINE CO.. St. Louis, Mo.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 27 Mont-
gomery aye. '--.*
BARBER shop for sale: $75: account of sick-
ness. Inquire S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Bush »t., |K>onJ 4, third floor. i .-> :
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
FrancisC" F-rber College. 138V4 Eighth Bt.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or I
trade guaranteed, $15. 1542 Market Et.
TRY LindeH House. Sixth and Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c, 25c per ni.»-*: 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. SS3' Tlarket st.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 2« Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Unl free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, punny and airy
* room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
rroom, 25c night. Rosedale HcU6e. 321 Ellis at.
■ TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night: reading-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
' AGENTS WANTED.
ICO GOOD agents: good profits; article every
family needs. M 3 Taylor st. Hours 10.30. 1:30.
PARTNERS W ANTED. .
PARTNER wanted In old established hay,
grain, wood, coal and livery business; 15
horses: price $1500, part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 1538. Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
SMALL stable to accommodate 3 horses; in
vicinity of Hyde to Webster, Ellis to Page;
private. Box 1697. Call.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and lodging for dentist and
wife and two children, age 5 and 7 years, in
private family, north of Market Bt. Address
terms to box 1700. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & G ASS. ELL. 215 Post Bt
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
r»tuw: »econd-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
LODGING HOISES FOR SALE.
H C. DECKER, MM Market st., ©pp. Fifth.
A CO-room hotel and tnr $7000
W 82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
' 10 rooms: on Sutter st 250
32 rooms; exchange for house and lot 2200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st..-. 500
103 rooms; corner; best on earth> 5500
4S-RO^M CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NKW FURNI-
M..TURE. ONLY $1300; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house and Mirnlture..s 850
£ rooms; new furniture: cost $350 . 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40...'. 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $130 -... 550
46-room house; corner 1200
22 rooms near City Hall 500
10 rooms; ail rented; business street 300 |
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
KREDO & CO 224 Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
9 rooms; Leavenworth St.; clears $25.... $325 !
14 rooms; near City Hall; a t-i..r,' 800 \
15 rooms; new and elegant; Geary st IUSO !
23 rooms; best for the money 600
37 rooms; good transient; nr. Kearny st. 600
c.% rooms; business corner: clears $100 1100
105 rooms; best known house on coast 4000
K-V.V'l: 36 ROOMS; business cor. ; exchange for
small house; ho <-aph required. KREDO .v CO.
A— woo- vi ROOMS; be?t business street In city;
clears $. r f KREDO _"CO 2T?s O<*ary st.
12 ROOMS? and restaurant: fine ?SOO
37 rooms; select; transient 1300
13 rooms; rent '■' fSO
14 rooms; north of Market; clears $50.... 550
22 roorr.s: all new furniture
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE *• CO.. 1206 Market Bt.
BE 6URE AND SEE THE FOLLOWING
BARGAINS:
15 rooms; sunny corner; nart cash $->50
18 rooms; rent $35: near Examiner bldg.. 480
25 rooms; near Call building 898
, 80 rooms; north of Market; great bargain. 1000
I 63 rooms; finest house in city 2200
■ 65 rooms: will trade for clear property near
" city. WINSTON _ CO., 646 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.:
10 rmi.; Hyd« 8t.. 5250(18 rms.: Post 5t.... $000
18 rms.; Third St.. 660 J37J 37 rms.; Howard... 700
20 rms.: Geary st. 600 50 rms.; Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$350— BIG-MONEY proposition: 33 rooms: al-
ways full; large profit-; cheap rent: central,
half cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
SEVEN rooms, furnished, for sale; bargain.
441 O'Farrell st.
WILL pay $000 for lodging-house of 25 to 30
rooms; no agent. Address A. 8., box 8000,
Call office.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
! *—
40 TONS good second hand Manila -rope In lots
to suit; also 4 pood steam launches. At
WHITE—AW B, 216 Spear at.: cheap.
TWO-stone diamond and sapphire ring $65,
worth H&0. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
LAUNCHES from 17 to 60 feet in length, both
eteam cr gasoline; 1 3S-foot and 1 4S-foot
sloop yacht: bargains in new and second-hand
boats of all sizes and descriptions. H. EN-
GELBRECHT. successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton st.
BARS, back bare, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, orflee furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-10ZI Miision »t..
above Sixth.
NO. 1 family cow and calf for sale at 307
. Thirtieth st.
40-MILE power field and marine glass, a gen-
uine Lamalre. for $16; original cost $40. Uncle
Harrlf-. 15 Grant aye.
10-INCH planer, borlnc machine, drill press,
bolt-cutting emery wheel. 1C34 Mission st.
/ 2 STEREOPTICOXS and 1 moving picture ma-
chine; cheap. Box 1890, Call office.
HOOKER pump: capacity 1.000.000 gallons; 12x
24-lnch water cylinder. J. B. JARDINE, 309
Folsom st.
LARGE 85-foot launch: 8-foot beam: 10 horse-
power. Box 1632, Call office. : '<
SECOND-HAND enginps. boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BECOND-HAND lumber: old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia. |
CAL Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther: pulleys cvr"d 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
j R POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
'bulidlng material 1124 Mission: tel. Bouth 757.
raFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
«lzes: half original cost 103-111 Market. 3. F.
~~ SEWING MACHINES.
XcTTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
1J MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine gupplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, exchanged, rented:
reputing «t lowent ratp». 20T. Fourth nt.
_ LOgT. J^ :_ _' ~
LOST— In the Mission, November 25, large,
black dog; answers to name of Joe. Return
to 840 Twenty-seventh st. and receive reward.
RED and white greyhound pup; lame in hind
foot; reward. 1449 Valencia st. _^
IX)ST— Greyhound pup (bitch): white and black.
Return to 715 Folsom St.; reward.
LOST Nov. 22— Red setter dog. white tip tall.
Reward at 921 Capp et.. after 6p. m. t ■
. „ FOUND.
I — Greyhound: reward wanted. Owner j
Hd'drfKH box 1848. Call office. j
~™ TYPEWRITERS. ~~. ~~
■ "VVT^pewrlters fold and rented; few partly
used for »ale cheap; send for snmples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. UP Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Caligraph. $15: Yost, f25:f 25:
utmnpl* work. SCOTT. »33 Montgomery «t.
~~~ PHYSICIANS. .
REMOVAITNotice— DrC. C. O'Donnell. offlc* i
and rtildence. 1021H Market, bet. 6th and 7th. i
BLSINESS CHANCES.
$400— RESTAURANT and lodging house. 8
rooms, all furnished, near Market at.; house
full with boarders and lodgers; a bargain.
M. LESS, 760 Market fit.
fMO — Corner grocery and bar; north of Market
6t.; does a good business; 4 living rooms.
Apply at once. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$300— SALO6N opposite the ferries; elegant fix-
tures; large stock; owner going to Alaska
only reason for selling out. M. LESS & CO..
7>n Market St.
$1200— HOTEL, bar and billiard-room in promi-
nent railroad town; building and lot In-
cluded in ia.ie; hotel has 26 bedrooms, parlor
and dining-room. Apply to M. LESS, 765
Market gt.
$300— CORNER family liquor atoro; north of
Market at.; more than value in stock: owner
owns building. M. LES3 & CO., 765 Market.
$500— SALOON and lunch-house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between shops and factories;
part cash; see this at once. LESS & CO..
765 Market s^
$450— MILK route; 1_ cans of milk per day; all
private trade: 2 horses and wagon; present
owner there 14 years; selling account of old
age. M. LESS _ CO., 765 Market st^
$1000— FINE delicacy store; near Market St.;
has a large trade: full value In Bight; a great
bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market at.
$650- CORNER family liquor store; south of
Market; established over 10 years; 4 rooms;
fine business; over $800 wortn of stock; must
be sold at once. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
A— LIST your store, prorerty or business place i
with WILKE _ UNFUG, 906 Market St., the |
old-established and reliable business agents ;
we have a large list of buyers who would Ilka
to buy In country towns.
A— SBSO~CORNER r.rug store; established years;
large prescription and store trade; rent $_2< jU;
no opposition in 4 blocks square. \\ ILK_ &
UNFUG. 906 Market St. _^
jinflO COZY little shoestore. stock, machine,
living rooms, garden; good trade; repairing
alone paying expenses; owner retiring.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market stree^
js((o_- v VELL-PAYINO saloon in fine location;
cheap rent; living rooms; owner has to go
in country. WILKE fc UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— s2soo- CORNER barroom on Montgomery
Bt. ; first-class customers; merchants and
brukerß- no night or Sunday work; an Al
paying place; other engagements com-
pel owner to sacrlilce. WILKE _ LNFLO,
SO6 Market s^
A^-$250; DELICACY store with rooms; rent
J22 50- splendid paying place; best location;
near O'Farrell st. ; a bargain. WILKE *
UNFUG. SI'S Market st.
$1500— SALOON; on best part of Market St.;
t rent $200: price only good for 10 days. WILKE
& UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$750— HALF of well-paying, pieasant commis-
sion business; or will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & ONFPO.
A— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap.
$225 — Cor. grocery and bar ; clears $75 month.
1250 — Restaurant; No 1 location; clears s6o mo.
$7" -Branch bakery: MarKet st. ; rent $15.
$300— Cigar store: receipts $15 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.^
$200— STEADY man wanted as partner; light
office business; will pay $75 to $100 to each.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
■ ; cor. grocery and bar; side entrance;
private rooms; «ood stock: will clear $200
mi nth. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary Bt.
A—s4ikj;A — $4ikj; corner grocery and bar; fine stock of
fixtures: a snap. KREDO _ CO.. 2&\*- Geary.
a $S0; branch bakery, dairy, produce, laundry
office and notions; clears $76. KR3IX) & CO.,
22^2 Geary St.
A— s4(K): cigar stand: best corner '- city; value
in stock. KREDO & CO.. Z2% Ge_ry Bt.
$750— SALOON near Palace Hotel; handsomely
fined up; doing good business; disagreement
. : i-artners cause sale; Just half price.
JONES, 565 Market st:
$250— CIGAR store on one of the leading streets
north of Market: good business; flue fixtures;
(■heap rent. JONES, S6T> Market st.
IF you have a business for sale call on us; no
charge for Looking : Information free. West-
»rri Investment Co., 9 Geary st. |
$400— PARTNER wanted. $18 to $30 a week
each: information frt—. Western Investment
I Geary st.
$1000— SALOON for sale; must sell; owned by
present i wner 7 years: S rooms; rent $30. H.
C. DECKER, 10M MarKet st.
CORNER cigar stand fc r !-ale; heart of city,
near I.we ll and Ellis sts.; connected with
one of the best hutels; inspection Invited; best
of reaspns for selling-. Address box IMS, ('all.
- .:ii with |__; saloons 3 blocks from
Market st. Apply Call office. .
FINK saloon for sale cheap; leaving the city.
•O P.ush st.
WANTED— SmaII printing office; cheap. Ad-
.lr.!=s h"X 251, Call office.
HOME bakery for sale cheap; parties going
away. 40? Turk st.
WANTED— Partner with !l*O0; excellent op-
portunity for a sober ynunK man or a graduate
physician to obtain a thonugh knowledge in
the science of optics; none but those with best
of references need apply. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE, German expert optician, charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians, Ger-
man Oatlcal Institute. 1071 1 * Market, near
Seventh; see city directory; testimonials from
Gen. Miles, <;eo. Dewey, Gen. Shatter, Ad-
miral Sampson, etc
$430 — a FINE restaurant for sale: clearing $150
to $-°0 per month; guaranteed; central loca-
tion; private rooms: good fixtures alone worth
the money aflked ; trial Riven before purchas-
ing; owner has wholesale business in San
Krancisro to attend to. See E. E. BUNCE,
905 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE reasonable — One of oldest estab-
lished coal yards In city; I ornps. wagons,
etc. : good running business that will bear
Investigation; excellent opportunity. Address
box lt>9l. Call.
FOR SALE— Book and paper store: fine loca-
tion: good business. Apply GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON, 1709 Market Ft.
GOING out of business — For eale In best part
of the city house of 88 rooms and restaurant;
none but a responsible party need inquire;
house always full. Box 41S, Call office.
$2f.o— GRA7TD chance to be connected with Al
gentleman In restaurant business; owner
• ■bilged to i.aye partner on account of slck-
ness. <'al! to-day. 1023 1 * Market xt.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures; In good location; Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
Call office.
BAKERY with furniture for sale: only store
trade; good new ••vf-n; good chance for a
baker. Apply this office.
$'■ I:KSTAUKANT and coffee saloon. 129
Fourth St.; 5 years established.
SHOEMAKER shop for- sale; In g"'>od local-
it.-. 41S l^arkln st.
F< >X HALE— Bakery ; other business; must sell;
a rare chajice. Box 1696, Call office. '
SHOE shop; doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bash st.
BAKERY and confectionery for sale, account
of sickness; good business. Box 4.".7. Call.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop;
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., corner Clem-
ent Bt, ; take Sutro car.
BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good loca-
tion; living rooms; rent $8. 16«8 Grove St.,
Oakland.
WOULD buy good bakery: any price to $1000;
city or country. Box 1883, Call office.
$160— GROCERY and bar: 3 living rooms. N.
LOWENSTEIN, 1023 Vi Market st.
$350— CORNER grocery and bar; stock worth
the money; cheap rent; fine location; no
agents.. Call office.
GROCERY for sale; with or without bar. In-
quire 731 Seventh St., Oakland.
$300 — FINE corner cigar store; owner sick and
unable to attend; no agents. Call or ad-
dress J. A. R., 315 Grove st.
$325- GREAT bargain; ealoon and 10 furnished
rooms; a good business. Box 1804, Call.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwrlght, rm. 709, 927 Market.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarter*;
supplied as wanted at lowest price*. 107-109
Ueale st
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office ot Ths Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CAIIPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works-Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become dlßgusted with poor worli i
send to SPAULDIKG'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama Bt. ; tel, 9. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. ;
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth «t. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th I
St.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Carpet -beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 12«.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning C<,. 402 Sutter St.;
t/-l. Main, 3^4. GEO. WOT-COM. Proprietor.
A TTORKEYS AT LAW!
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., $27 Market; charges moderate.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St., near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar^
HOUSE 7 looms and bath; fine marine view;
large garden; partly cemented back yard. In-
quire 829 Union st.
MARY, 20, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 50.
MODERN residence. 3415 Jackson st.: grand
view: 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADIfeON
& BURKE, 626 Market st.
PERRY, 208. near Fourth-4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
EEN _ CO.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
romery et. •
$16—6 ROOMS, bath; lower part. 12 Guy place,
off First St., above Foisom.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$To^O^COTTAGE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468
Linden aye., near i.ayes and Laguna ats.
WATER-TIGHT roofs; marine view; neat;
clean; cheap. 1836 Union at.
FLATS TO LET.
A— J*ICE~B rooms and bath. 677 Geary St., $27.
A— 7-room cottage, 50S Mason st., $35.
A— 6 nice flats and houses, Pacific Heights.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
A A.— DALE place, 12, off Golden Gate aye.,
bet. Leavenworth and Hyde sts.— 4 rooms.
FLAT, < rooms. $14; also cottage. 626 Second
street^
JACKSON, 10O6tt, above Mason— Nice aunny
flat, 5 rooms and bath.
MCALLISTER, T26— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 7.5.
NINTH, 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooma
and bath; $15.
SIXTEENTH, 3176. near Guerrero— Flat, 4
rooms, bath, cheap; also store and nice living
rooms.
SHIPLEY, 287. near Sixth— Flat of 8 rooms and
bath; $18 60. _.
TURK. 648— Nice sunny single room; gas, bath;
laundry, cellar, etc.; no children.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion St., between Eighth and Nlnth^
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$12, $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
f rooms. 2209 Geary Bt^
HAVES, 339— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
pcrlptlons and ads taken. .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO 405 rear— 3 nice sunny housekeeping
rooma; large yard; stable If desired; cheap.^
EDDY, 305—2 large sunny rooms; private fam-
ily; reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 106, near Mission— Large sunny
housekeeping rooms; also single; reasonable.
FIFTH, 350—2 front rooms for $12 and 2 for $10;
bath.
FIFTH, 350—1 front rooms for $12 and 2 for $10;
bath.
FlFTH— 333— Furnished housekeeping rooms. 2
parlors kitchen and bath, $20; also 3, $13;
single $5.
FOLSOM 756— Nicely furnißhed large front
room for light housekeeping; single, $1 pr wk.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Neee aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gaa ranee.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $12.
HOWARD MM Sunny front parlor and house-
keeping rooms; well furnished; reasonable.
HOWARD, 2006 A —2 newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $10^
JONES, 2056—2 sunny front unfurnished rooms;
bath tubs; $8; housekeeping^ _^^_
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LEAVENWORTH, 51.'— 2 sunny rooms, com-
pletely furnlFh'-.l for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— 8 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; down stairs: $7 j»-r month.
McAllister, 2205. o P p city h«.h— l or 2
Bunny bedrooms with kitchen, completely-
furnished.
MCALLISTER. 22SA — 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms in private family for light housekeep-
ing; gas, bath and telephone; no children.
MINNA. lll'V Furnished bay-window h-.us.--
keeplng suite, with piano; cheap.
MISSION. 839— Large rooms complete for
housekeeping; single rooms, $t a week.
B_TBBION, 1217- -funny fnnt suites complete for
housekeeping: $12. $14 and $16.
MISSION, 1241— Floor 2 front. 2 rear rooms;
furnished-; stove; water: reasonable.
NINTH, 21— Suite of nunny rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping: water and gas.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
PORT. 921— Sunny suite of rooms; convenient
for housekeeping; private.
POST, S22 — Unfurnished sunny connecting rms.;
gas, water, yard; newly furnished halls.
SCOTT, tl6l4— lst floor of 3 unfurnished rooms;
bath, garden: $16; adults only.
SIXTH, 216T4— A nice sunny furnished room
and kitchen complete; also single; reasonable.
SIXTH. 23Va — Sunny front rooms complete for
light housekeeping; also single rooms; reas.
SIXTH, 561, rear— 3 good large unfurnished
rooms ; cheap. '
SOUTH PARK, IR4-2 sunny front rooms; nicely
furnished for housekeeping: $11.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Large furnished
housekeeping rooms complete; others cheap.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas and bath; $10 and $12.
TWELFTH, 12—2 or 3 rooms, furnished or un-
furnii-hed, for housekeeping.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367, near Mission— Desira-
ble eunny housekeeping suites; furnished
complete: $:<"' and $11.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
runny room?; en suite or tingle; first-class
in every' respect: terms reasonable,
AT 52 Becond — Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$1; single, $1 to $1 50; day. 25c to 50c.
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; roems 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week: country trade solicited: elev'tr;tel.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard—.
rooms en suite or single, 25<: to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $3 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUSH, 2242 — 4 unfurnished sunny rooms and
bath for housekeeping; no children; $12.
BUSH, 805— In a newly renovated house; nicely
furnished rooms; very cheap.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunn y pleasant rooms; $6 per month
and upward.
EDDY, 207 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms; with
gas and bath; S8 and $10.
EDDY, 330— Handsome parlor suite; also single
rooms; carpets and furniture entirely new;
at reasonable rent.
EDDY, 473—2 sunny nicely furnished rooma;
running water; 2 closets; reasonable.
EDDY, 614— Very desirable single sunny front
room; closets, bath; private family; $S.
FIFTH. 107— Unfurnished room* ta let.
FOLSOM, 652— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms cheap to right party.
FOLSOM, 776V4— 2 large sunny rooms to let for
light housekeeping ;J7.
GEARY, 666— Elegant sunny parlor; piano;
also housekpg. room; other rooms; reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 rloward— Per night. 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GAT~. 603— Par--- floor suitable for
physician or dentist.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en ;iulte and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7bl Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms. ; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, f53 1 A — Neatly furnished sunny rooma
with bath: Jl 22 r > week up; quiet house.
HOWARD, 1321—2 hack- rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
HYDE, 609— Nicely furnished sunny front room,
running water; gas, bath; gents preferred; $12.
IVY aye.. So9— Nicely furnished front room;
German family; $4 per month.
JONEfi, U7~Nlcely furnished large sunny bay-
window' front room; folding bed If preferred.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1011— One large sunny un-
furnished room carpeted; large closet; run-
ning water.
MASON, 235 — Nicely furnished sunn-- rooms;
single and housekeeping; from $1 50 week uj>.
jf.coM, 511 — Large sunny furnished frontroom,
grate,, bam. gas; private family.
MCALLISTER. SNf— Furnished room In private
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms., single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
cient; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch. prop.
MINNA Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very low rent.
MINNA, 437— Furnished rooms to let.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1008, near Private family;
. sunny, neat room; $5 month;
MISSION, 1220— Sunny alcove room and one for
light housekeeping; running water.
NATOMA. 81. near Second— Sunny front room,
$6; suitable for two gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator electric lights; day, week or month.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Elegantly
furnished rooms: second floor: :eaaonable.
POST, Large neatly furnished room: gas,
and bath; rent $8. . ;-j::-\:j
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth- St.,
near MarKet— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 521^— Housekeeping rooms; rent
cheap. _________
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single; bath, gas.
THE PIEDMONT, 119 A Sixth, cor. Minna—
Nicely furnished sunny front rooms. ■ ■- .;
THIRTEENTH. 175—3 large rooms; yard; for
manufacturing business; every convenience.
TURK. 126— Upper flat; 4 sunny rooms; unfur-
nlshed.
TURK, 543— Nice sunn - single room; _as. bath;
rent $7. ■ -" ' ' '
VAN NESS aye.. 444— Twr> unfurnished rooms.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 822— Sunny suite; good board; hot and
cold water; single rooms.-
FIRST 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY. E32— Sunny front suite, unfurnished or
furnished, to suit; sing, rms.; excellent board.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator:
eultes. with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
ing; parlor: piano: bath- gents: special rates.
PINE, 743— Parlor suite, excellent board, mod-
erate; single, sunny, grate, closet, $25.
BTJNNT room or suite; private family: for
man and wife; must be first-class. Box 1567,
■ Call office. '
SUTTER, 1128— Elegant room and board: loca-
tlon unsurpassed; reasonable. .j ;
VALENCIA, 1070— A pleasant sunny room, car-
peted, but unfurnished, with board. • - t7 \ '.: : i
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ' !
WANTED— O~or~2 children to board: room for
parents ; good German home. 439 Minna st.
STORES TO LET. /
$9 AND $10: 2 stores with living room. 339 Noe
St., near Market: stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMa" SPRECKKLS building, 927 Market Bt. ;
light, heat. janitor and telephone; rents $tt 50
to $20. ASHTON _ GARDNER, room 210.
SEATROOM for coat or vest maker at 927 Mar-
ket St.. room 426.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
. ever cause; all those who are eick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will nnd
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
cure at any time; my celebrated remedies and '
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con--
flnement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WTETH, 208 Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
I though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write: fr«e; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
Bt. ; pills, $1 ; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
epecial diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process 6ent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
raves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known "ladles' physician for '
37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
WOMEN'S ailments— Ladies In trouble, see Drs.
Goodwin- free: reliable, onfe and sure; cure In
• 24 hours guaranteed: any complaints: no in-
struments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; pills. $1; cure, $5; hours. 10 tr> 8. Re-
rrioved from 401 Van Ness to 1362 A Mark°t.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $.*; travelers helped instantly;
consult free; confidential; hours, 0 a. m. to
5 f.. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. -G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly; <\_ll or write; confidential. 1023 U. Market. .
ALL married ladl"* know "Sefruro." the jrrpatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & 00..406C1ay St.:
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 X fit.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: privnte home In confinement, with every
comfort: hest care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe pure; $2 B0;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too Ute.
OSGOOD nrtOS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHAHD. midwife, pleasant., sunny
home In confinement. 15G Second st. Tele-
T'hone Green f>2.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 60c: terth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all i
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are or.lered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason c.s. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL Bet of te«th, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, jreiv'-" Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
antee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from fi.to 20 O'Farrell st.
BET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver, 25c
up: bridge work: plates repaired: a'l work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentlßts. 969 Mission st., corner glxth. :
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings. 25c u|. all work pain- :
less nnd guaranteed to stand: open evenings. j
997 Market. at., corner Sixth. .
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Kleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
ppeclaM.y: all work reaso--Me: gas given. .
SET teeth, $4; fill., gold 50c, sllv. 25c; crowns
t?,; 9. a. m. to 10 p. m. Parlors, 235 Kearny.
ALL — >rk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 132<1 Market st.
SET nf teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
~" . PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice : is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home: Associ-
ation at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10 o'clock a. m..
Saturday, December 10. IS9S, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet- '
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta- j
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing !
January 1, 1599, and ending June 30, 1599. j
Schedules with Information and instuctions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions -of; the
schedules, 'and no bid will be considered un-
less it Is In accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
| certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at . least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer,' conditioned .' that the
bidder will enter Into a good and- valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as ■ required
by law. The ..board reserves the right to !
reject any or nil bids and to order any quan- i
tity over or 'under the amount specified., .
. Address J. .1. SCOVILLE. Secretary Veter- !
ans' Home Association, room 13. 320 Sansome j
St.. * San *■' Francisco, Cal. By »rd«r of • the ;
.-■' Beard of Directors. -■'■■ ; . ---:
, , ; : .J J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PERSONALS.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Houee, 44 Third St., near Market; 280 rooms;
25c to *1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WE hereby notify the public that MR. FINCH.
our former driver, is no longer connected with
us and we are not responsible for any of his
actions. THE SUN LAUNDRY CO.. OaklanJ.
I, RICHARD FURLONG, will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife,
DELIA FURLONG, she having left my bed
and board.
LEDERER'S Foamo, the new shampoo. Is only
Cc per package. LEDEKER is the best hair-
dresser in town; charges 2cc only; open Sun-
days 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st.
STRICTURE, enlarged prostate, pain In blad-
der urinating too often cured by dissolving
bougies. JAMES FORD. 114 Fourth St.. S. F.
LEDERER'S Quinonia Is the only hair tonic
that softens the hair and makes it grow; Sic
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture:
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops: for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny ■
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Btn.
BLACK SMALLPOX the consequence of re-
peated vaccination. Beware' 1 .
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING always up to date satisfac-
tion; prices reasonable. 218 Van Ness aye.
iAN~FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN-Elegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. S Eddy st.. rma. 14-15.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to Inform her patients, both old and new. that
she has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market st. ,
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are Interested in; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS" T. jT~ WHITNEY, celebrated trance
teat medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed rempdles: consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton «t.
ARRlVED— Business medium and palmist;
without questions tells you all you seek to
know; satisfaction guaranteed; consultation
free. 234 H Sixth St., room 5.
ATTEND 111 Larkln st. to-night: Katie Heuss-
mann answers questions to all: 10c.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 10274 %lrkt.
MRS. ELLIS: teat* to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Men.. S: 2So: sittings $1 233 Valencia st.
C XAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold. '74. 234 Sixth st.
VMS. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist and
card reader, moved to 1169 Mission, r.r. Bth.
MISS PEARL LAMAR. card reading. 230
Kearny St., rooms 14-15.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME HANSON palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. 10.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
l.and's picture, 2.1o; ladies. 914 O'Farrell St.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
t«ller. has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell at.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
Mreet.
musical instruments.
at~siTgo per month installments and
UPWARD.
$3 f>o per month rent; new pianos.
Home upright $2«5 00
Ptelnway upright 187 50
Chiokering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright Vo 00
And over 20 bargains from HO up: buy direct
of manufacturer and gave $50 on each piano.
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $fi per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and npprove this method: prices are the
Fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$r> per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Ftefnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. Snn Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadwny, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and 6atlsfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise;
rail and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. ___
A~STEINWAY. $175: Steck. $150: E«tey. $225:
Fischer. $2.".0; Weber, $2"0: easy payments;
j.|an<>s rented $1 ffi up: rent allc wed on pur-
chase., Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post st.
AN elegant Stelnwny upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
I'lano Warerooms. ISIB Market st.
in:NJ CURTAZ & SON. solo ;ic<Mit* for Chlck-
orlng. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
1 ayments. 1G O'Farrell st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chlckerlng uprigh.
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
MAGNIFICENT upright piano, high grade,
cheap for cash. Room 18. Flood building.
$50— UPRIGHT piano and stool, good condition;
nice cabinet. $5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
BARGAIN: good Stelnway upright ; cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mhuzv. 30S Post st.
HA INKS' Bros, and other first-class planes at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano chean: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
r»nts $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
I.KR * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
ST'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veylng. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; Indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $a 0: !ow rates
per week and month.
WANTED— French pupils by French lady, ex-
cellent scholar; speaks native tongue; re-
cently from the East. 1931 Pine et.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day A eve.;
«st. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Catdwell 'l6 vrs.
experience. Emma SPreckjiß Lldg.. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th St.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
BAN~FRANCISCO Business College, 123« Mar-
ket st.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 57J PatTott bidr.'
HORSES.
60 HORSRS of every description at Emporium
Saleeyards, ttO Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also bug«lee, wagon*,
harness, etc.. at your own pricey
40 HORSES for rale; aim wagons, bugglas,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 527 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
COST $5000— An established carriage business;
wagons, hacks, buggies and harness; cash
trade; no book accounts: reasonable offer not
refused. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NOTICE to property- ow-iers— Sealed proposals
are desired by the Board of Fire Commission-
ers at their office. New City Hall, from own-
ers of real proDerty. suitable for engine-
. house proposed. ■on the block bounded by
Second and Third, Mission and Howard, sts.,
stating dimensions of lot. location and low-
est purchase price. By order of the hoard of
Fire Commissioners, GEORGE MAXWELL.
Clerk. San Francisco. Nov. 2S. IS9B.
$ST-0 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Hulld-
er. £21 X St.. Sunset district.
NICE house and lot in Napa to trade for Rich-
mond lots. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery st. ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
aT"mTspECK^CO.T 602^Market 5t.— 335 acres,
hay, fruit and grain; Income $15,000 last year;
6000 assorted fruit trees bearing: elegant resi-
dence, packing house, blacksmith, etc.; rail-
road station on the place; no better income
ranch in California.
40 acres, 1 mile from San Jose: 4000 fruit
trees; splendid buildings; finest place in Banta
Clara Valley. . '
. A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
FOR sale— 4 acres well-Improved, 1 mile from
Petaluma; cheap. Box 4*2. Petaluma.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD stock and grain ranch; Contra Costa
County; good building, spring water, orchard. ;
wood good soil: $5000; exchange for any good
property. J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway.
Oakland. ■ ■ ■
MONE Y^^ LOAN. ,^_~
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 102$ Mission Bt.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14. -
LOANS to salaried people holding permanent
positions: no security except their name:
easy payments. New Era Loan Co.. rm. 25.
1003H Broadway. Oakland: hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at • the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408. Parrott building. __
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN. OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympic. Mualc Hall
ON furniture, pianos, without removal ; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
' • MQNEY WANTED. ~
WANTED— at 6 per cent for 3 years on
$5000 property. Address box 412. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale in Oakland— New house, 1 rooms and
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
20 GOOD lots, street work all done, $100 and
upward: in Fruitvale: before you buy or ,
build see my list: 30-page Illustrated cata-
. logue. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakld.
EL.MHUKST KEAL ESTATE.
DELIGHTFUL home; about 1 acre and 5-room
house with all modern Improvements; good
outbuildings for horse, cow and chickens;
fruit in abundance; must be sold. PIT-
TOCK. real estate, near P. P.. Klmhurst-
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $:7; no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free- Adellno station, Oakland: key 940 Union
Ft. KOKNIG k KROLL. lOOfi Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: rmnonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good «nd eheao. H. BCHEL.I*-
HAAB* old «tor». 40» TCl»T<»ntS at. fl»« hi—.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
TO rent— cottage, 6 rooms; all modern Im-
provements: lawn; flowers: water free. 1434
Ninth st., bet. Mastick and Encinal Btatlons,
Alameda.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company. Installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st.,
Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A— ssso; SMALL house, 4 rooms, in Berkeley,
near station; $25 down; $10 monthly.
$125; lot 25x130: $10 down: $5 monthly; near
California find Nevada Railroad.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, owner, 20 Montgomery.
GOOD business for sale in Berkeley; clears
$200 a month: buyer wanted Immediately. O.
G. MAY, 2113 Center st.. Berkeley. 'S.^
$3000— 5-ROOM cottage: bath, laundry: IV4 acres;
12 mln. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dlngton, 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
~~ LEGAL NOTICES.
IF~ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who wu re-
siding in and near Vancouver, B. C. during
the years 1891 to 1895. and afterward In Cali-
fornia and was last heard of In Sonora,
Tuolumne County. Cal.. about June. 1896, will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
something to his advantage. WELLS &
HIND. Solicitors. Nottlrigham. England.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
~ MARRIAGE LICENSES. '
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Georges Legallet and Sellna Chabot..; — 28-20
Louis L. Bondpli and Anne M. Hansen 35-30
William G. Walsh and Stella C. Cronyn... 29-19
Joel Byrnes and Jennie E. Lelghton 60-55
G. D. Campbell and Constance A. Milton. 37-21
James McDowell and Agnes J. McDowell. 27-28
Wellington D. Fdend and Llllle F. Hewes.27-27
Cecil F. .Milburn Leila Cameron 37-3S
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
- Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BLAIR— In this city, November 22, IS9S, to the
wife of G. L. Blair, a daughter.
GORTENBERG— In this city, November 26,
1595, to the wife of Samual Gortenberg, a son.
NEWMAN— In this city. November 26, IS9B, to
the wife of G. W. Newman, a daughter.
PASANIA— In this city, November 25, 1893. to
the vfffe of Joe Pasanla, a son.
RULFS— In this city, November 22, 1898, to the
wife of A. Rulfs, a daughter.
-_— HARRIED. J-:
HKSS— BALK— In this city. November 27, IS9S.
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Emil Hess and
Auguste Balk. '■
DIED. ~ ~~~~
Barron. Thomas .L. , Lelana. Rose
■ Brlzzolara. Lulgl / McDonald. Mary
Brown. Samuel E. Martens, Carl H.
Burnett, Evan . Murray. Denis
Carnock, Lucy Murphy. Delia A.
Chapman, John B. Pinkham, Parker
Donahue, James Rlppe, Christian
Fisher, L. P. Shaw, Edward .1.
Fisher. Maud Starke, Christian W.
Henry, Sarah G. Sullivan, Mary
Henry, Watson H. Truett, Mortimer K.
Hunt, Minnie T. Walsh. James
Kelly. John P. Wlnfeldt, Fred
Kode. Christine Woerleln John
Lathrop, Rev. 11. D. Young, .Jacob
Leissler, Henry Ziegler, Richard I.
BARRON— In this city, November 28. IS9S,
Thomas L., beloved son of Stephen and Brld-
fet Barron. brother of Michael, Jamie,
tephen, Katie and the late Nellie and Declan
Edward Barron, and nephew of Kate and
Declan Barron and Mrs. M. Coleman, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months
and 21 days. ■
BRIZZOLARA— In San Joaquin County, No-
vember 28. 1593. Luigl Brlzzolara of 1015
Washington street. San Francisco, beloved
husband of Acostlna Brizzolara, father of
Eugenia, Slnibaldo, Angelo and Adolfo Briz-
zolarba, Mrs. Magginl and Mrs. G. Granucci.
and . stepfather of Mrs. G. B. ■ Rocatagllata,
Mrs. M. G. Tonlnl and the late John Bernlerl.
: a native of Genoa. Italy, aged 59 years.
■ |C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. : ■
BROWN— In this city, November 28, 1898. Sam-
uel E., beloved husband of Mary Brown, and
• father of William. Frank. George. Albert and
the late Eugene E. ; Brown, a native of Can-
ada, aged 79 years. ; (Chicago and Cincinnati
papers please copy.) ..•.•■.
-I-, -iey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
:- : fully Invited to : attend the : funeral this day
' (Wednesday), ;at 8:30 ' o'clock, from his late
.residence, 407 Grove street, thence to Sacred
: Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass j
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BURNETT— In Alameda, November 29. ISOS^
Evan Burnett, a native of England, aged <o
years.
CARNOCK— In this city, November 25. IS9B,
Lucy Cornock, a native of Maine, aged 38.
years.
CHAPMAN— In this city. November 29, IS9B.
John 8., beloved husband of the late Dor-
enda Chapman, and father of John J., George
F. and the late William J. Chapman, a na-
tive Of Dover, England, aged S6 year?.
DONAHUE— In this city, November 27, ISDB,
at St. Mary's Hospital. James Ponahue. a
native of County Longford, Ireland, aged 45
years. (New York papers please copy.)
CCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Bron-
dan's Church, where a solemn requiem maas
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FISHER— In Oakland. November 29. 189 S. _. P.
Fisher, a native of Connecticut, aged 75 years.
FISHER —In Berkeley, November 29. ISOS.
Maud, beloved wife of J. L. Fisher, and
daughter of Mrs. Mrs. A. Levy, a native of
Mississippi, aged 19 years 8 months and 27
days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at 2."21
Shattuck avenue, Berkeley.
HENRY— In Stockton, November 27, IS9S. Sarah
Grace, wife of the late Watson H. Henry,
beloved, daughter of Mrs. Sarah Pierce, and
sister of William T. Watters and Monroe R.
Pierce, a native of California, aged 30 years.
Cs*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th>» funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 19 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:38
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
HENRY— In Stockton. November 27, IW, Wat-
son H.. beloved husband of the late Sarah
Grace Henry, a native of Wisconsin, aged 4+
years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co., ?46 Mission street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
A. O. U. W.— Golden Gate Lodee No. S. A. O.
T*. W.. Protection Hall. Shield building, W
O'Farrell street— Funeral deleiratlon: You
are hereby notified Jn assemble in your lo.ipe-
room to attend the funeral of our lato brother,
Watson H. Henry and wife. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, San Mateo.
G. A. TRAUTNER. M. W.
S. J. LEVY, Recorder.
HT'NT— In this city. November 2S. 1888, Min-
nie T.. beloved daughter of Catherine and
the late Herbert Hunt, and sister of Harry
D. Hunt, a native of San Francisco, aged
17 years 4 months and 15 days.
[CvTrienils are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow {Thursdayi, nt
9:30 o'clock, from the residence of nor aunt.
Miss Nora Daly. 31 1 " Green street, thence to
St. Francis Church, where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery-
KELLY— In Menlo Park, November 27. MM,
John P., beloved husband of Ellen Kelly, and
son of Hugh and Margaret Kelly, a native of
Searsville, Cal., «ged 33 years 1 month and
19 days.
KODE— In this ctty. November 29, IS9B. Chris-
tine, dearly beloved wife of John Kode, a na-
tive of Frelburg-on-der-Elbe. Germany, aged
69 years 2 months and 7 days.
LATHROP— In St. Helena Sanitarium. Novem-
ber 29, IS9B, Rev. Henry Durant Lnthrop, a
native of Elmira, N. V. . aged 69 years.
CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LEISSLER— In this city, November 29, 1898,
Henry Lelssler. late mate of the whaling bark
Gayhead, a native of Germany, aged 45 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances ar«? respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, .rom the parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Masonio
Cemetery.
LELAND— In this city, November 29. 1898, Rose
Leland, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 33
years.
MCDONALD— In this city, November 29. I<?9S,
Mary McDonald, dearly beloved mother of
James and Mary A. McDonald and Mrs. John
Crowley of Boston, Mass., a native of Kil-
kenny. Ireland, aged S3 years.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), from the Chapel of the Passion.
corner First and Bryant streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment private.
MARTENS— In Golden Gate District, Oakland.
November 28, IS9B, Carl Hennlng, beloved hus-
band of Gretehen Martens, and father of
Franz E.. Anna M., Frieda E. and Elise H.
Martens, a native of Holstein, Germany, aged
57 years 7 months and 5 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral spi-vlces
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Marcus Church (Rev. A. Jatho), Filbert
street, between Seventh and Eighth, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city, November 29. ISBB,
Denis Murray, a native of Ireland, aged 76
years.
MURPHY— In this city, November 78, 1888.
Delia A., beloved daughter of Alice and the
late P. Murphy, and sister of Annie, Thomas.
John and Gertrude Murphy, Mrs. T. F.
Whearty, Mrs. T. J. Lynch and Mrs. J.
Glrod, a native of San Francisco.
(ETFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 3040 Jackson street, thence to St.
Bomlnio's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be held for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PINKHAM— In the City and County Hospital,
November 29, 1598. Parker Plnkham. a native
of Maine, aged 63 years.
RIPPE— In this city, November 29, IS9S, Chris-
tian Rippe, dearly beloved brother of J. D.
and Elizabeth Rlppe, and nephew of J. H.
Rippe, a native of Germany, aged 22 years 9
months and 14 days.
(C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(TJrursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 8 and 10 City Hall square. Strictly pri-
vate. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SHAW— In this city, November 2S, 1898, Edward
Joseph, beloved son of Edward J. and Mathilda
Shaw, and grandson of Margaret and the late
Captain J. B. Caraffa, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 months and 17 days.
JCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1533 Sanchez street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
STARKE— November 27, IS9B, Christian Wolde-
mar, Infant son of Maria and Woldemar
Starke, aged 3 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 29, 1898,
Mary beloved wife of Jeremiah Sullivan,
beloved mother of Nonie Sullivan and Infant
child sister of Mrs- Kate Maricvoch ajid
Ellen McCarths'. and sister-in-law of Mrs.
Timothy O'Leary, a native of the parish of
Ballyhar, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 30
years.
lETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 219 Vallejo street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRUETT— In this city, November 26, IS9B, Mor-
timer Kennet, beloved husband of Inez S.
Truett, a native of Galena, 111., aged o4 5 * ars
1 month and 11 days.
_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence, 132 A Twelfth street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WALSH-In this city, November 2S 189S,
James beloved son of Ellen and the lata
Bartholomew Walsh, and brother of Daniel
and Bartholomew Walsh and Mrs. Edward
Powers, a native of San Francisco, aged 35
>e |ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Western Addition Funeral Director*
•M2S California street, between Fillmore and
Stelner. thence to St. Dominic's Church. In-
wrVFELDT— In Haywards, November 27, 1898,
Fred Wlnfeldt, aged 17 years 9 months and 2S
a r7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from his late residence in Hay-
wards.
WOERLEIN— In this city, November 29, IS9S,
John dearly beloved husband of Katherlne
Woer'lein and father of Lena and Carl Woer-
lein. a native of Bayern, Germany, aged 40
years 2 months and 13 days.
TOUNO— In the City and County Hospital.
November J9. 1898, Jacob Young, a native of
Germany, aged 71 years.
ZIEGLER— At sea, November IS, IS9B, Rich-
ard I beloved husband of Margaret T. Zieg-
ler, a native of Prussia, Germany, aged 52
years and 6 day 3.
iHrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hid father-in-law. Mr. Martin Fen-
nell 55 Julian avenue, thence to St. Igna-
tius' Church. Hayes street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o clock. In-
years and 6 days. (Honolulu papers please
copy.)
ST JOSEPH'S UNION— The semi-annual mass
for the deceased members of the St. Jodeuh's
Union and the deceased friends of ttie living
k members, will be celebrated in St. Marys
' Cathedral this day (Wednesday), at V
o'clock. A sermon appropriate to tne occa-
sion The members and friends < f fet. Jo-
seph's Union are Invited to be present.
~HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:!ER_
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
IH B. McA VOY. Manager.
mcAVOV «fc co. f
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMIiALMEM 1
1238 Market st., between Bth and 9th.
Telephone. Bouth 247. 1
i
1112
LEES TELLS
WITTMAN HE
MUST RESIGN
The Chief and Captain
Open Hostilities.
LOUD WORDS AT SHORT RANGE
THE SUBORDINATE AVERS HE
WILL NOT STEP DOWN.
City Hall Corridors Ring With the
Racket, but Both Deny That
There Is Any Friction
Whatever.
War is on between Chief of Police Lees
and Captain George Wittman— war that
for a time last night threatened to lead
to an Immediate opening of hostilities,
and etill promises at no distant date to
result In the retirement from the police
force of one or the: Other of the com
batants. •V..V?
Both officers will', 'deny, when asked
si)out the affair to-day, that there has
been the slightest friction between them;
Captain George W. Wittman, Whom Chief Lees Has
Declared Must Resign.
that not one unfriendly -word has been ex
changed and that they entertain for each
other only feelings of esteem amounting
almost to brotherly love.
But those In the outer room of the
Chief's office and passing in the corridor
overheard the Chief fairly shriek
that he would force "YVittman to resign.
and the captain retort in equally high
pitched tones that nobody could compel
him to leave the force.
It was a torrid half hour for both, and
poor John Seymour, in the outer ofnce,
was in a frenzy of fear lest enough should
reach outside ears to reveal the secret
cause of the trouble. After a time the
angry voices became more subdued, and
when finally Captain Wittman left the
Chief's presence, florid of countenance and
still showing signs of the excitement he
had been laboring under, he did so with
an attempt at friendliness Intended to de
ceive the others, but bo forced as to be
painfully apparent.
The interview, or rather interviews— for
Wittman retired once and returned later
for the second round — lasted nearly two
hour 3. "Wittman had been in the Chiefs
room for some time when those outside
became aware from the steadily rising
tones that something unusual was going
on. The captain was evidently being
"ripped up..the back" in the Chief's most
artistic manner, and was striving to
escape the operation, but with nothing
like complete success.
Louder grew the voices until they rang
through the long corridor and even pene
trated to the reporters' room in the base
ment. The trouble was, apparently, in re
gard to Chinatown affairs, and the Chief
reviewed the matter as far back as the '
period when Wittman was a sergeant and
was tried by the Commissioners on ■
charges of having levied tribute on the
denizens of that district. The climax was
reached when Dees, in a voice that for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies
Bureau and Writing Desk Fan-
cies, Pen and Pin Tray, Powder
and Pomade Box, Writing
Set, Hair Receiver, Ring
Tray, Hair} Pin Box,
Comb Tray, Puff Box.
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
GreatAmericanlmp&rt Co.
SOl.Mnrket. op. Powell 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1418 Polk St.
218 Third St. 1610 Devlsadero St.
BOfl Kenrny St. 2008 more St.
146 >inth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1100 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Ua yes St. , 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053WashingtonSt. 181 San Pablo Ay«.
917 Broadway. 616 R. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— Park St.
SAIf RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
We also sell
Cbina, Crockery, GLA€iSWARG LA€i5WAR
Cheapest Price* in Ant»rioa
, TriU tn OtUlegwi. (
volume of sound would make his drum
corps sound like a spoon rattling in a
cocktail glass, bellowed:
"You'll have to resign! '
Wittman has a pair of lungs of his own
and he turned them wide open as he re-
plied:
"I won't resign; nobody can force me
to!"
"Yes, you will; I'll make you leave the
force!" Lees turned on still more steam
as he said this, but Wittman did not pen
his resignation then and there. Instead,
he reiterated the statement that he would
not yield to the Chief's demands.
Then the two voices became a confused
roar and nothing could be distinguished
until Wittman shouted out:
"Oh, that Chinatown affair is dead," al
luding to his own trial.
After a time the two calmed down and
the captain left the room, only to return
in a few minutes, but the voices did not
climb up to high "C" again, although they
talked long and at times exceedingly
earnest.
After Wittman retired to his own rooms
the Chief was questioned as to the cause
of the outbreak, but denied in the most
positive words that there was the slight
est friction between Wittman and himself.
"Do you mean to say. Chief, that you
have had no hard words with Captain
Wittman?"
"Most assuredly not. We were discuss
ing matters pertaining to the welfare of
the department, and I spoke rather em
phatically on some topics, as I sometimes
do, but as for having any words with Cap
tain Wittxnan, It's absurd."
"And you did not tell him that he would
be forced to resign from the depart
ment?"
"I said nothing of the kind. Wittman
and I have never had a word of trouble.
He is a good policeman and will remaan
on the force."
Captain Wittman was equally positive
that nothing in .the nature of a disagree
ment had taken place between himself
and Lees. He d'd say, however, that their
discussion had become quite heated and
that he had been objiged to talk loud to
make himself heard by the Chief. Ho
explained his refusal to resign by saying
he had told Lees that certain people were
trying to force him out, but he would not
resign and they could not make him, to
which the Chief replied: "That's right;
that's right." If this were all, it does
not seem to call for such shouting on the
part of both. Wittman further admitted
that the talk was on Chinatown matters,
and his own affair was included in it.
TREASURY DECISIONS
ON TOBACCO AND BEER
OF INTEREST TO THOSE WHO
HANDLE LEAF TOBACCO.
Brewers Exempt Where Beer Ij
Sold in Stamped Bar
rels.
The following decisions were sent to
Collector Jackson yesterday by the Sec
retary of the Treasury. They are of
considerable importance to merchants
and others in business.
Leaf tobacco taken from the original
package and moistened and pressed with
the stems In, or Jlrst stemmed and then
moistened and pressed, is regarded as a
manufactured tobacco and subject to tax
when sold or offered for sale and con
sumption in the United States; and the
person who prepares leaf tobacco
In this manner for sale and
I consumption in the United States
i would be regarded as a manufacturer of
tobacco, and all tobacco so manufac
tured, although intended expressly for
export, would be required to be exported
in bond from the place of manufacture.
i Leaf tobacco and manufactured pressed
; tobacco cannot lawfully be sold by
| a dealer in leaf tobacco without the pay
! ment of tax to consumers, or as supplies
. for vessels engaged in the coastwise
trade of the "United States.
Brewers are by express exempting
1 provision of the law entitled to sell their
! original kegs or barrels of beer to which
i the tax stamps are affixed without pay
! ing the special tax therefor as malt
I liquor dealers, and it matters not wheth-
I er these sales are made by themselves
or by their agents under them, nor at
how many places such sales are made.
Blackberry- juice preserved from spoil
ing by the addition of the necesary quan
tity of spirits is a medicinal article, and
i persons who sell it only under a label
; specifying the diseases for which it is
held out a.s a remedy, never knowingly
selling It to those who buy it for use as a
beverage, are not required to pay special
i tax aa liquor dealers on account of its
' sale.
A BIG DEFICIT.
Kilpatrick's Report Places the School
Board in a Bad Light.
The Grand Jury last evening continued
j its Investigation into School Board af
| fairs to the extent of hearing the first re
! port of its expert, Professor E. C Kil
j> patrick.
Professor Kilpatrlck's report does not
present the sunniest prospect possible ior
teachers and pupils during the coming
year. To begin with, the new board is
heir to an estimated deiicit of $300,000—
more than enough to run the entire school
system for three months. The actual de
ficit on October 30 was $262,000. and there
are unpaid bills on hand aggregating $76 -
000, which, under the one-twelfth act,
must be paid before the end of the year
or not at all. Professor Kilpatrick says
that this enormous deficit will probably
necessitate the closing of the schools dur
ing the coming year for three months at
least.
The case of F. Muller was also consid
ered. Muller was arrested some time ago
on a charge of robbery sworn to by one
Robinson. When his case came up Before
Judge Mogan he was released with nothing
in the way of a trial because of previous
good character. The evidence of two
police officers was heard but no action
taken. The School Board investigation
will be resumed this evening.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's, 663 Market street. *
THE SAN FRANCSICO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
NOT A BELLE NOR
A BEAU MISSING
Colonial Tea Scores a Magnificent Finan
cial and Social Success.
IF there was a single Tiolle or a soli
tary beau missing from the gay
throng at the Colonial tea yester
day afternoon or evening the un
fortunate one Is destined to remain
unknown, lost to those who make the
social history of the State, an exile
from the select multitude whose
names spell the exclusive blue book.
Everybody was there. Those who
follow Mr. Greenway trod upon the
toes of Mr. Salisbury's set, while in
between the crush were wedged many
who never attended a cotillon and only
glean their knowledge of the swell set
by reading the list of "those present."
Other affairs for a deserving cause
have been given, but never has every
body, irrespective of creed, opinion
and social position, responded so
unanimously to the call of a worthy
charity.
The Colonial tea was given for the
benefit of the California Girls' Train
ing Home, and the patronesses who
had the affair in charge are confident
that they have cleared considerably
over $2000. The various booths— each
and every one a thing of beauty boast
ing of some novel and altogether artis
tic arrangement— did a thriving busi
ness. L«ong before the closing hour
there was not a thing left on sale, save
a few boutonnieres, which the charm
ing flower girls with rare forethought
divided so as to make one bouquet
do service for several. Many a beau
went about with a bit of stalk or a
sprig of green pinned to the lapel of
his coat for which he gladly paid the
full value demanded for a complete
"buttonhole."
The doll booth, with its many and
INSANE FROM
A BLOW ON
THE HEAD
Pitiable Condition of
Henry Gierken.
ASSAULTED BY A FRIEND
IMAGINES THAT AN ENEMY IS
PURSUING HIM.
His Asßailant Locked Up and
Charged With an Assault
With a Deadly
Weapon.
Henry Gierken, who was struck on the
head with a water pitcher, causing a
fracture of the skull, is locked up in a
padded cell In the Receiving Hospital
hopelessly insane. A short time after he
was taken to the Receiving Hospital he
exhibited symptoms of insanity, and it
was deemed advisable to remove him to
the insane ward.
Qierken, who is employed at the Union
Iron Works, lives at 65 Stevenson street.
Several nights ago he met a friend named
Thomas Quirk, and they had numerous
drinks together. Gierken invited Quirk to
accompany him to his home, where they
engaged in a quarrel. Getting the worst
of the encounter, Quirk picked up a water
pitcher and struck Gierken on the head
with it, fracturing the skull.
Quirk was arrested immediately after
the trouble and was charged with an as
sault with a deadly weapon. Gierken was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where he
was detained, as it was believed that he
was fatally injured.
During the night he left the ward in
which he was confined and ran screaming
down the corridor. Steward Fogerty
seized him and induced him to return to
the ward. The following day he became
violently Insane and he was removed to
the insane department. The surgeons at
the hospital are convinced that Gierken's
condition is due to the blow he received
at the hands of Quirk. To-day he will be
taken before the Commissioners of In
sanity to be examined as to his mental
condition. Gierken imagines that an
enemy is pursuing him determined to take
his life. He constantly walks his cell,
vainly endeavoring to discover his im
aginary enemy and calling upon aim to I
bewildering bisque and sawdust beau
ties in gorgeous raiment, had but a
very brief though glorious existence.
Mr. Green of the "Little Johnnie"
mine, Colorado, bought up the entire
booth early In the day and presented
the contents to the Oriental beauties
of the Presbyterian Mission, who con
tributed so materially to the success
of the afternoon programme.
One of the gratifying though rather
unusual features of the affair was the
large number of gentlemen present.
Soldier and civilian elbowed one an
other in the vast multitude and went
down into the recesses of well-lined
pockets and plethoric purses oft and
many times and without coaxing or
pressing invitations. The girls at the
booths were so pretty, affable, well
gowned and altogether stunning that
the sterner sex could not help but buy,
and if "change" was now and then in
the press of business forgotten the ne
glect was instantly overlooked by the
hypnotized purchaser. The afternoon
and evening hours of the "tea" shared
equally in favor on the point of at
tendance. Both programmes were
equally attractive.
A delightful bit in the afternoon was
the recitations and songs of the Chi
nese girls and boys from the Presby
terian Mission. The little ones, ar
rayed in all the brilliancy of rich Ori
ental costume, waved the stars and
stripes and in childish treble piped the
"Battle Hymn of the Republic."
The programme of the afternoon in
full was as follows:
Recitation. Grace Whitney: vocal solos,
Mrs. l^ulu Snider, Miss Grace F. Morris,
Mrs. E. H. Pollner; songs and recitations
"come out and fight." Last evening he
became so violent that it was found neces
sary to strap him down.
Victims of the Walker.
" The body of Luigi Brizzolara, who was
killed in the explosion on the river
steamer T. C. Walker, was brought
down on the steamer Dauntless yester
day. The widow and relatives of the de
ceased were there to meet it. and after
the passengers had landed the remains
were taken to the family home on Pa
cific street.
The bodies of Chief Engineer Henry
and his wife came down on the morning
train from Stockton. They were taken
to Halstead & Co.'s undertaking parlors,
from where the funeral will take place
this morning.
NEWSPAPER THIEF
LODGED IN JAIL
J. C. CRESWELL CONVICTED IN
JUDGE MOGAN'S COURT.
He Was Caught Taking a Paper and
a Bottle of Milk From a
Neighbor's Doorstep.
It is a mean man who will steal a bot
tle of milk or a loaf of bread from his
HE HAS LAID DOWN
HIS PEN FOREVER
Death of L P. Fisher, an Old News
paper Man.
LP. FISHER, an old newspaper man. and for many years well known
in the advertising business, died at his home in Oakland early yes
jterday morning. Mr. Fisher has long been one of the tenants of
the Merchants' Exchange in this city, and was known to nearly
every business house on the coast. He was a pioneer of this State, and
was born in Connecticut seventy-six years ago. The deceased had been
ill for a short time, and the end was not unexpected.
He came to California in 1849 and engaged in mining for a short time.
He then became connected with the Bulletin of San Francisco and remain
ed in connection with it for about two years. Then he entered the news
paper advertising business and continued in it up to the time of his death;
his headquarters being In No. 21, Merchants' Exchange, San Francisco.
The deceased was the husband of the late Mrs. Kate Fisher, who was
a teacher of English in the Oakland High School. He was the father of
Miss Grace Fisher, who is now a member of the Modjeska theatrical com
pany; Miss Lucy B. Fisher of Philadelphia, and William A. Fisher, who
is connected with the Oliver Dittson Music Company of Boston. None of
these children are at present at home, but the daughter from Philadel
phia and the son from Boston are on their way to attend the obsequies,
the date of which will not be announced until after their arrival.
by Henry Ah Lou, IsabeUe, Margaret and
class of the Chinese Mission.
In the evening the following pro
gramme was presented:
Berkeley Glee Club; (a) "Farewell" (R.
Franz); (b) "Herbstgefuge" (Ethelbert
Kevin); (c) "Love Me. If Thine" (Foot),
Miss Bessie Wall; recitation, (a) "Aunt Prue
and Margaret"; (b) "Tv Quoque" (Austin
Dobson; (c) "By the Turret Slain" (Clin
ton Scollard). Miss Hazel King; (a) "Could
I" (Tosti); (b) "Calm Is the Xlght" (Carl
Bohm), Mrs. Cecilia Decker; selection by
Sullivan, Frank Coffin; accompanist, Wal
laje A. Sabtn; "Non Destarmi — Romeo c
Glulletta" (G. Gounor), Miss Carolyn D.
Roper; "The Bell" (Saint-Saena). Robert
Blen; accompanist. H. B. Pasmore; "Sky
lark" (Catons), Mme. de Seminario; ac
companist, James Hamilton Howe; Berke
ley Glee Club.
Following are the committees that
contributed to make the affair the
great success it was:
Reception committee — Mrs. George Fitch,
Mrs. Alexander Sharp, Mrs. W. J. Gunn,
Mrs. "V\\ B. Carr, Mrs. B. D. Spafford. Mrs.
D. K. Martin, Mrs. R. G. Sanborn, Mrs. 3.
B Johnson. Mrs. M. R. Hlgginß. Mrs. John
I\ Tounp. Mrs. M. M. Holden. Mrs. Charles
r>. R. Rhodes.
Flower booth— Miss Ethel Dean, Miss Lil
lian Mosely, Miss Belle Spaftord. Miss Lola
Pavis, Miks Lou- Holcon.b, Miss Mabel
Gunn, Miss Jessie Simpson.
Candy booth— Mrs. Bush Finnell, Mrs.
J B. Burnett, Misa Grace Baldwin, Miss
Susie Holcomb, Miss Mamie Huff, Mrs.
W. O. Lowry, Mrs. Irene Long. Mra. G. A.
Detchmendy.
Lemonade booth— Miss Pharp. Miss Amy
Gunn. Miss Charlotte Cunningham. Miss
Gertrude Campbell, Miss Clara Kllbourne,
Miss Ella Morgan.
Ice cream booth — Mrs. Leland Stanford
Lathrop. Mrs. O. O. Howard Jr.. Mrs. R. B.
Hooper, Mrs. C. L. James, Mrs. J. H. Wal
lace, Miss Belle Murphy, Mrs. W. P.
Thomas. Mrs. T. P. Riordan. Mrs. F. W.
King, Mrs. G. M. Franks, Miss Smith, Miss
Mnud Smith.
Fancy booth— Mrs. P. C. Perkins, Mips
Mitchler. Mrs. L. M. Hickman. Mrs. A. L.
Lllienfeld. Mrs. G. B. Wlllcutt. Mrs. H. B.
Sperry. Mrs. Kilboume, Mrs. S. B. Johnson,
Miss Fechhelmer., Mrs. H. J. Morton.
Doll booth-Mrs. H. E. Hall. Mrs. B. M.
Gunn, Mrs. W. W. Grisuom. Mrs. Eugene
Freeman, Mrs. William Herrmann, Mrs. A.
L. House, Mrs. C. R. Havens. Mrs. G. F.
Rirharrlson. Mrs. S. B. Blake, Mrs. J. G.
Barker.
Tea booth— Mrs. L.. A. Kelly, Miss Laura
Gaylord, Miss Marßaift Pitts. Mrs. A. t..
Coombs. Miss Adler. Mips Thompson. Miss
O'Lauglilan. Mrs. Sarah Rhodes. Miss Alice
Chipman, Miss Wainwrlijht. Miss Ferger-
BOn, Mrs. Thompson. MJss Hughes.
Fortune-telling b>oth— Miss Huff, Miss
Gaylord.
neighbor's doorstep, but It is a meaner
one yet who will purloin an article of
such small monetary value as a morning
newspaper, yet J. C. Creswell of 3573
Eighteenth street stands convicted ol
two of these offenses and will receive his
sentence in Judge Mogan's courtroom
this morning.
The man was actually under arrest for
stealing milk as Officer J. J. Crowley
caught him coming off a step with the
bottle of lacteal fluid and a newspaper in
his hands. He at once arrested him and
charged him with stealing the milk.
When he was placed on the stand yester
day morning and asked what ho w : as do
ing on the doorstep he at once replied
that he had gone up there to take the
paper, and Judge Mogan at once con
cluded the case. This is the first time
that a man stealing a newspaper has
been convicted in the police courts of
this city and carriers are naturally re
joicing, as the custom has become so an
noying- ns to be a menace to business in
many instances.
As Creswell was apparently intoxica
ted when on the stand he was ordered to
appear this morning for sentence.
New Japanese Bank.
The retirin of the Tallant Banking
Company from business leaves a vacan
cy in the banking world which will soon
be filled by the owners of the Yokohama
Specie Bank. Until this time they have
conducted only a branch banking house,
but on January 1, 1899, they will begin
business upon the same lines as the
other banks of this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
extraordinary"values
all departments! '
40 pieces New Styles and Colorings in
PLAID TAFFETA SILK- .SI.OO Yard
An elegant line of NEW STRIPED and
FIGURED BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS
$2.00 Yard
60 pieces GENUINE FRENCH SERGES, in
a full line of New Fall Shades
6Oc Yard
LADIES' FANCY SILK MOREEN SKIRTS,
in plcids, stripes and checks
35.00 Each
A large shipment of NEW TAFFETA RIB-
BONS, extra quality, full 3i inches 1
wide, all shades 2Oc Yard
50 pieces FANCY FLANNELS, New Styles,
both darK and n)ediun) colorings
4Oc Yard
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, with French
printed sateen covering and corded
edges $5.00 Each
2 cases GENTS' SHETLAND MERINO
VESTS and DRAWERS, full finished
Each
LADIES' GLORIA SILK UMBRELLAS, with
natural wood and Dresden Randies..
$2.00 Eacb
100 dozen GENTS' HEMSTITCHED and k
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS, all pure
linen 25c Each;
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
CREEGAN HAS
HOPES OF A
SHORT TERM
Why He Decided to
Confess.
TIRED OF THE JAIL LIFE
ACH SAYS HE HAD PLENTY OF
EVIDENCE.
The Police Believe That They Have
Finally Broken Up the
Famous Gang of
Forgers.
Whether or not Becker, the premier
forger of the world, is convicted on his
next trial for raising a Nevada Bank j
draft from $12 to $22,000, the Folice De- \
partment will congratulate itself on hay- i
ing broken up the most daring and skill- j
ful gang that ever mulcted the banks of j
two continents. Jimmy Creegan's con- 1
fession means the complete disruption of ■
the gang, even if they all go scot free. 1
Deane, the "business man," became j
frightened when he was arrested and I
seized the opportunity to turn State's \
evidence, hoping thereby to escape pun
ishment for his part of the felony. Then
McClusky followed Deane's lead and now
Creegan, the middle man, seeks mercy
from the Bankers' Association by also 1
turning against Becker, the principal In
the deal. Becker "squealed" on his part
ners on several occasions and now not j
one of the gang would trust another mem- I
ber If they were at liberty to continue |
their nefarious trade. Captain Seymour
says there has not been a professional j
bank forgery in this country since Becker j
and his gang were arrested.
Creegan admits having made a clean j
breast of the deal and gives as his excuse
tbat he is sick of remaining in jail. He
does not say that his betrayal of his pal ;
will insure his liberty or a lighter sen- ;
tence than he would otherwise have re- '
celved. It is evident he expected to be |
convicted and to obtain leniency he de- |
cided to confess, plead guilty at the next
trial and take his chances. Knowing the
bankers are particularly anxious to get
Becker out of the way he believes he and j
Deane will be given an opportunity to
reform.
Henry Ach, who is prosecuting the for
gers, says Creegan's confession was not
needed and that he will be prosecuted |
with Becker unless he withdraws his plea
of not guilty and acknowledges his crime.
The case was called in Judge Wallace a
court yesterday and at the request of the
defense the drawing of the jurors was
deferred until Thursday. A special venire
of 100 names was ordered drawn ami tne
case will proceed without further deiay.
When the case was called Becker was
alone at the bar and Judge Wallace asked
what had become of Creegan. the other |
prisoner. He was sitting back among the
spectators with Captain Seymour and on
the Judge's order come forward to the •
bar. He did not take his former seat be
side Becker and no look of recognition
passed between them.
In the Divorce Courts.
Laura Tomas has been granted a
divorce from William F Tomas on the
ground of failure to provide. A decree on
the same ground was granted Annie Gab
riel from A. J. Gabriel. Mrs. Gabriel was
awarded alimony in the sum of $o^o from
January 1 1597. and $40 a month beginning
from the first of December.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis. New York. •
The Romance and Tragedy of the Home of the Lat*
Empress of Austria
Richly illustrated ■with Portraits, eto^
In the Deo. (Christmas; Number of
Frank Leslie's
Popular Monthly
NowlOcts.; $1 a Year.
BEAUTIFUL COVER in Colors by W. GRANVILLE SMITB,
Other Features— Richly Illustrated :
The SmoklnjcCar. a Farce, by TV. D. HowKLLB.
i Cuban Bjirones, by Mbs. Frank Lesuk.
April Bloom, (Serial) by Eobrtos Castls. .
' Xiival Dlrers, by Mixsa Irving.
The Praise of Coif, by W. O. Vas T. Sctfhes.
Women Journalist*, by Ctjtthia W. Aldks.
Space Telegrraphy, by Arthur V. Abbott, C. E.
1 WIOI SSISftH«*IIV.
I Copies Sold and Subscription* Received by NacsdeaUn.
B GOOD COOKS I
I GOOD COOKS §
HAVE USED ir
I EOBSO YEARS |
frtStom
! MERRILL'S I
I X .PERFECTLY PURE^n I
! fi AKiHG PGWOER
! ONCE TRIED j
ALWAYS USED
■^^■ t "^ BB MHOi M^M amimmt mmttmM
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOtt
l tmf PALACE wl
%GRAND hotels
q BAH rHAJ»C/SCO. 5
Connected by a covered passasewar. *J
*» 1400 Rooms— 900 With Bath Att3Ohed. '
O All Under One Management. C
O KOTE THE PSICES: Q
! m. European Plan. OO per day and upward _
i V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward Q
Q . Correspondence. Solicited. 'O
P ; JOSH 0. kibkpatrick, M*n»gw.
5jP O OQQOOO OOOOOQ Q O £
Wfifilly GalL'sl.so Der Yea^