VOLUME LXXXIV.-KO. 139.
CAUSE OF THE
OCEAN HORROR
UNDISCOVERED
Those WJ}o Could Tell Why the
Mof)egan H u 99ed the Sfyore
Perished.
Mrs. Sophia Cass Crane of San prancisco
Among the Victin)s of the Terrible
Disaster.
LONDON, Oct. 16. — The Atlantic
Transport Company issued the follow
ing statement this evening regarding
the fate of the passengers and crew of
the steamer Mohegaii, which was
wrecked last Friday off the Lizard,
between the Manacles and the low
lands:
"Of the passengers eleven have been
Bayed, ten bodies have been recovered
and thirty-three are missing-.
"Of the crew and cattlemen thirty
rine have been saved, fourteen bodies
have been recovered and fifty-one are
missing:."
Since this statement was issued nine
other bodies have been picked up, in
cluding two that have been identified
as those of passengers.
The reports of the various correspond
ents differ widely as to the rescues, re
coveries and losses, though none has
been able to obtain the exact number of
those saved or of the bc-dies recovered.
The bodies of the following passen
gers have been recovered:
T. W. KING.
F.DNA KING.
MASTER KING.
JAMES BLACKEY.
MISS H. M. COWEN.
MR FALLOWS.
B. FRANKLIN FULLER.
MRS. L. M. LUKE.
GEORGE SEYMOUR.
MISS L. H. WARRENER.
The late*" -.dvices from Falmouth (
tbi«« ... ay that thirty-eight
*ic3 have beeri identified, mostiy the
i:( ;; of sailors Four are as yet un
-mltjed. jucltfelng those of two elderly
cie-.i. On« appears to be a German.
it .vorf: a'-*- ten and a wedding ring,
th f.TS3,r-Vod "1871." The other wore
i-::/cr. ~'air.cch with the letter "D" in
aria. / This is probably the body of
:%;' Ct; juries Duncan.
Cwf# t <• -;>.^. *»^.H^° ho.v£ been brought.
i£>irmi\i*b. the others to the village
a£ v at St. Keverine. The rescued
sseiigers are being sheltered at cot
tages along the shore and the crew at
the Sailors' Home at Falmouth.
Tugs have been cruising in the vicin
ity all day, despite the very rough
weather, in the hope of picking up
other bodies.
The cause of the disaster remains the
profoundest mystery. Nobody attempts
to explain how the Mohegan got so far
* north of her true course— six to
seven miles. There was no fog at the
time, while the wind on her port quar
ter was not sufficient to prevent her
answering the helm. It has been sug
gested that her compass was faulty,
but daylight lasted long after Eddy-
Btone light was passed.
The sailors say the fact that the Liz
ard light was not visible should have
served to give the alarm.
The masts of the Mohegan, which are
above water, show that her stern is
landward, causing a theory that the
navigation officer, on discovering that
he was in the bay, suddenly turned
seaward. Two engineers who were
saved declare, however, that they never
slackened speed.
Remarkable stories of rescue con
tinue.
Robert Barrow, a seaman, performed
the feat of swimming through the
Toughest water to Cove Rack Point, a j
distance of two and a half miles. He |
climbed up the rugged cliff, where a i
searching party found him early the j
next morning completely exhausted. A.
C. L. Smith of Oregon, a passenger,
surrendered to a woman in the water
wreckage that was supporting him and
swam ashore unaided. The woman was
saved. Her name is reported as Miss j
. "Webb, but no such name appears in
the company's list.
Messrs. Smith and W. J. Blooming
dale say there was the greatest diffi
culty in launching the boats. The ropes
were new and stiff and the blocks would
not work. Four or five times as many j
Bailors as should have been necessary j
struggled to lower each boat. The
lockers were hard to open. * .
The crew, in a chivalrous effort to
save the women, made a mistake of
undermanning the boats. There were
only four sailors in one boat, which
capsized as soon as it was launched.
Messrs. Smith and Bloomingdale say
that Captain Griffiths had appeared ill
all day.
The death of T. W. King, who was a
newspaper proprietor of Namucket,
Mass., and of his family, including Mrs.
King, her mother, Mrs. Weller, and his
sons, Rufus. aged 11 years, and An
thony, aged seven, has caused deep sor
row at Penzance, where the family had
a summer cottage and were very pop-
War.
Joseph O'Rourke, King's valet, who
■was saved, says he was on deck when
the crash came. The lights went out |
Immediately. Rushing to the saloon he j
heard Mr. King exhorting his family to j
keep cool. O'Rourke, with seven others,
clung to the rigging until 6 o'clock yes
terday morning, when a lifeboat took
him off. He identified the bodies of the
Kings and Mrs. Weller. and will have
them embalmed and taken to the
United States in accordance with ca
bled instruction^ from the relatives of
the family 'at Nantucket.
The description in the London dis
patch of Mr. T. W. King, as a news
paper proprietor at Nantucket. Mass..
Is probably erroneous.
Inquiry shows that the prop
rietors of the local papers In Nantucket
The San Francisco Call
and Its vicinity bear other names. In
Boston newspaper circles Mr. Kine's
name is unfamiliar. Probably he was a
wealthy summer resident of Nantucket.
THE DISASTER* IS
UTTERLY INEXPLICABLE
FALMOUTH, Oct. 16.— John H. His
lop, the New York yachtsman, who was
saved, in the course of an interview
this afternoon condemned the double
railing around the ship's boats, which,
he said, impeded the launching. The
masthead light, in his opinion, should
have been an oil instead of an electric
lamp, as in that event it would not
have been extinguished, but would have
furnished a beacon to guide the life
boats.
Mr. Williams, the company's mana
ger, says the disaster Is utterly inexpli
cable. The ship was new, he asserts,
while the captain and crew were most
reliable. He says the crews of the com
pany's vessels have constant boat prac
tice, and he is indignant at the insinu
ations regarding the condidtion of Cap
tain Griffith.
Up to midnight fifty-one bodies had
been recovered. Some were found miles
away, in coves; and it is expected more
will be washed ashore to-morrow.
Many persons undoubtedly were
killed by being dashed on the rough
rocks, who would have escaped if cast
ashore on an ordinary coast. Some of
the bodies are horribly mangled. A
great deal of jewelry and money have
been found.
As all the navigating officers were
lost, it is doubtful whether light will
ever be thrown on the cause of the dis
aster.
All the flags ashore and on the boats
in the bay are at half-mast.
SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN
ONE OF THE VICTIMS
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Mrs. S. C. Crane,
mentioned in the dispatches as the wife
of Stephen Crane, the novelist, lost on
the steamer Mohegan, is Mrs. Sophia
Cass Crane of San Francisco. Her
brother, Rev. F. A. Hall of Westfield.
N. V., is in the city on business, and is
stopping at the Palmer House. Mr.
Hall only learned of the disaster to the
Mohegan on Saturday night, and was
shocked to read the name of his
sister in the passenger list of the lost
vessel.
"I left my sister in London four
weeks ago," said Mr. Hall to-night,
"and there is no doubt in my mind that
she sailed on the Mohegan. She was to
have sailed about that time, and the
initials being the same makes it cer
tain in my mind that she has been lost.
I received a telegram from Mrs.
Crane's sister In San Francisco, and
she also believes Mrs. Crane drowned.
We have been traveling together in
England since July 1, and I left Eng
land September 1. She was to have
stayed in London four weeks, and was
bound for her home In San Francisco.
There is a possibility that she was
aboard some boat that has landed in
an out of the way place, but the
chances seem to be against it."
Mr. Hall is a clergyman of Westfield,
| N. V., and arrived in this city on Frl
i.day. He leaves for his home to-mor-
I row.
MRS. MARY FRASER
ABOARD THE MOHEGAN
TOLEDO. Oct 16.— S. W. Fraser. a
well known Toledo attorney has re
ceived word that his sister, Mrs. Mary
Fraser of Marion, Ind., was aboard the
ill-fated steamc-r Mohegan.
NORWEGIAN SLOOP
DRIVEN ON ROCKS
NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE, Oct. 16.—
The Norwegian sloop Fremzad was
driven on the rocks at Blyth, about
eleven miles north of Newcastle, in a
fierce sea to-day. The crew was res
cued after heroic work by the life
boats, one of which capsized in the at
tempt.
FAIR MRS. COLGATE
TO WED A TITLE
From England Conies a Rumor of Her
Betrothal to the Earl of
Stafford.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— From England
comes the rumor that Mrs. Samuel J.
Colgate of this city is engaged to the
Earl of Stafford.
Mrs. Colgate is a beautiful woman, the
widow of Samuel J. Colgate, the New
York banker, who died here four years
ago, leaving to his widow and children a
handsome fortune estimated to be In the
millions. Mrs. Colgate has been living
abroad for the last three years, and for
two seasons past has been about a great
deal in the best English society.
Lord Stafford is the fourth Earl of
Stafford, having succeeded to the title last
March on me death of his brother. Pre
vious to that, as Hon. Henry William
Byng, he was an equery to Queen V ic
toria.' He is a widower, his wife, who
died in ISSO, having been before her mar
riage Countess Henrietta Danneskiold
Samsoe of Denmark, a direct descendant
of Christian V, King of Denmark, and,
therefore, related to the Princess of
Wales.
SAJN" FRAKCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
INSOLENCE OF
THE PHILIPPINE
INSURGENTS
Braving the Wrath of
America.
PREVENT A VESSEL LOADING
UNITED STATES SHIPS TURNED
AWAY FROM LAGASPL
Officer of the Cruiser Raleigh Not
Allowed to Land Without Per
mission From General
Aguinaldo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Oct. 16.— The insurgents at
MAYOR PHELAN; "THE DEMOCRACY? I AM THE DEMOCRACY!"
Lagaspl have prevented the American
steamer Hermanos loading or unload
ing, on the ground that there are Span
iards on board. They also refused to al
low an officer of the United States
cruiser Raleigh to land without per
mission from General Aguinaldo.
PARIS, Oct. 16.— Senor Agoncillo,
special envoy of the Philippine insur
gent government, arrived at Havre by
La Touraine to-day and reached Paris
late this afternoon. He has apartments
at the Hotel Continental, on the same
floor with the members of the United
States Peace Commission, whom he
came to see regarding the fate of the
Philippines, but whom he has not yet
met.
MADRID, Oct. 16.— La Epoca, the
conservative organ, renews the sugges
tion of La Correspondencia (independ
ent and semi-official) regarding arbi
tration between the United States and
Spain. It says:
"The negotiations at present are go
ing on without touching the question of
the Philippines, which is most obscure,
and which lends itself to the gravest
dissensions. Owing to the vagueness
and lack of clearness of the proctocol
the Commissioners are meeting with se
rious difficulties. It has been said
that if our adversaries are obstinate
in their exaggerated demands, Senor
Sagasta should address the European
Governments, asking arbitration, at
least upon the points to which an
agreement could not be reached; but
in view of the election struggle now In
full vigor in the United States and of
the declamations of the jingo press,
which affirm without limit the rights
of the conqueror, it is safe to assume
that a request for arbitration would be
without avail and serve no other pur
pose than loss of time."
SULTAN RECEIVES .
MINISTER STRAUS
Hopes the American Will Soon Be
Elevated to the Bank of an
Ambassador.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 16.— The Sul
tan to-day gave an audience to Oscar S.
Straus, the new United States Minister,
with the customary ceremonies of re
ception, which was of the most cordial
character. His Majesty expressed pleas
ure at seeing Mr. Straus again, and his
hope that the excellent relations which
prevailed between Turkey and the United
States during Mr. Straus* previous term
at Constantinople would be maintained.
The Sultan added that he understood
the United States proposed to raise the
American Legation to the rank of an
embassy and to make Mr. Straus an Em
bassador, a suggestion which, he ob
served, was being carefully considered by
the Ottoman Government.
After the audience at the palace Mr.
Straus visited the Porte and then the
American colony.
BROKEN BOLT CAUSED
DELAY OF SEVEN HOURS
An Accident Aboard the TTmbria Dur
ing the Voyage From Liverpool
to New York.
KEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The Umbria,
Captain Dutton, which arrived this morn-
Ing from Liverpool and Queenstown, was
detained on the voyage on Monday, Octo
ber 10, for seven hours, owing to a broken
bolt of the eccentric strap. The accident
happen^ at 6:25 p. m,. when one day
out from Queenstown. The chief en
gineer made the necessary repairs and
the steamer proceeded without further
Incident. Among the Umbria's passen
gers were: August Belmont, David Bis
ham, J. Sergeant Cowan, J. Melville
Buey, Louis C. Ledyard, Countess Mac
cioll and Charles Van Alstine and wife,
the bride of the Klondike.
AN EFFECTIVE
DEMONSTRATION
May Yet Be Made to Call
Spain to Time.
WARSHIPS IN READINESS
OREGON AND IOWA PURPOSELY
DELAYED.
A.merican Commissioners Told to Tell
the Dons That They Must Pay
the Price of Their Suit
for Peace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: While firmly believing that
Spain will in the end submit to the de
mands of the United States before re
engaging In hostilities the authorities
propose to be in a position wheVe they
can make an effective demonstration
should such action be needed.
The evacuation of Porto Rico, the
repatriation of 9000 Spanish troops who
were stationed in the western section
of Cuba and the loading of others on
transports constitute evidence the ad
ministration officials say, of Spain's In
tention to continue at peace with the
United States.
The session of the Peace Commission
to-morrow is expected to be one of the
most important yet Leld, for the Amer
ican representatives are under instruc
tions to make the Spanish representa
tives plainly aware :hat their Govern
ment has sued for peace and must Day
the price of such suit. It is admitted
by the administration officials that for
the sake of public opinion and to give
the Spanish people and the world the
impression they are acting under dur
ess the Spanish Commissioners may re
sist the demands of the United States
until a naval demonstration is neces
sary. In such an event all of the armor
clads will be available.
The wisdom of the administration In
delaying the departure of the battle
ships Oregon and lowa, and of directing
them to participate in the celebration
at Rio de Janeiro in honor of the anni
versary of the establishment of the re
public of Brazil is beginning to be ap
preciated. These vessels under the
plan of the department will not leave
Rio de Janeiro before November 20. and
possibly even later. By that time it
will have pretty clearly developed
whether Spain purposes to comply with
the demands of this Government or will
undergo the humiliation of a naval
demonstration before accepting terms.
GOMEZ SUITED
FOR PRESIDENT
Cubans Soon to Elect
Officers.
GARCIA FOR WAR SECRETARY
TELEPHONE WIRES CUT DOWN
NEAR SANTIAGO.
General Wood Orders the Arrest of
Natives Who Have Been Using
"Hello" Lines to Bind
Hay Ricks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 16.— The
meeting of the Cuban Assembly at
Santa Cruz is fixed for October 20. but
owing to lack of transportation facili
ties the members of the Assembly will
be unable to arrive at Santa Cruz on
time, and the end of the month probab
ly will have come 1 efore the election
of a President and Cabinet takes place.
El Cubano, a daily paper of Santiago
predicts the election of the following
ticket:
President — Gen. Maximo Gomez.
Vice-President — Senor Sartolome
Maso.
Secretary of Foreign Affairs — Dr.
Domingo Mendez Capote.
Home Secretary — Senor Benjamin
Guerra.
Secretary of Justice — Senor Jose
A. Laouza.
Secretary of War — Gen. Calixto
Garcia.
Secretary of Public Instruction —
Senor Enrique Varona.
The local papers are much wrought
up over propositions denying the right
of the Americans to grant concessions
which Cuba Libre would repudiate.
General Wood has received a letter
from Havti requesting permission by
many returning Cuban families to
bring with them agricultural im
plements free of duty. General Wood
replied President McKinley's prolama
tion permitted this.
The telephone wires in the neighbor
hood of Santiago have been broken
down by Cubans for use in binding hay
ricks. General Wood has ordered the
arrest of all persons found to be con
cerned in the affairs.
Many things have occurred which
tend to show that the Spanish land
system of registration is apparently
perfect. Judge Advocate Blount has
been agreeably surprised by finding in
many, instances his work simplified.
WEDDING STOPPED
BY A CIGARETTE
Intended Bride Loses a
Husband.
IS SPURNED AT THE ALTAR
TELLTALE ODOR ENRAGES THE
GROOM.
She Had Promised to Cease Smoking,
but Took "Just One More"
While With Her
Bridesmaids.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MIDVALE, Nebr., Oct. 16.— At the al
tar to-day Harry Keldar refused to
marry Miss Genevieve Ransom because
he detected the odor of cigTaettes on
her breath. Like many another society
girl, Miss Ransom was wont to indulge
occasionally with her girl friends. Kel
dar discovered the fact some tlms be
fore tl?e date was set for the wedding
and said he could not stand it, so Miss
Ransom prom.sfcd to smok<j no more.
But shortly before the hour set for
the marrit ge ceremony one of the
bridesmaids offered her a cigarette.
The yound lady could not resist, so she
smoked "just once more." A few mo
ments later she stood beside the groom
in her parents' drawing room. The
house was filled with guests.
As the clergyman commenced the
ceremony Keldar sniffed suspiciously.
Then he leaned forward with his face
close to the bride's.
"You've been smoking again," he ex
claimed.
Miss Ransom vouchsafed no reply.
Without another word Keldar turned
and walked out of the house.
The bride fainted. The groom's
friends hurried out to bring him back,
but Keldar wouldn't go. Nor would
Miss Ransom have accepted him had
he changed his mind. The match has
been declared off and Keldar is pre
paring to leave town.
SULTAN ORDERS HIS
TROOPS FROM CRETE
Final Compliance With the Terms of
the Joint Note of the
Powers.
CANEA. Island of Crete, Oct. 16.—
Ismael Bey. the Turkish Military Gov
ernor, to-day informed the admirals of
the foreign warships that the Sultan
had ordered the withdrawal of all the
Turkish troops in Crete, in compliance
with the Joint note from Gr*>~\ y- **in,
Russia, Italy; and France.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GOVERNMENTAL
INTERFERENCE
IS DEMANDED
Socialists Take a Hand
in the Strike.
ARRAYED AGAINST THE ARMY
ITS ALLEGED ATTEMPT TO
TJSXJBP PEOPLE'S LLBEBTY.
Frenchmen Have Organized a Vigi
lance Committee "to Frustrate
the Military Conspiracy
Against the Republic."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 16.— The dedication of a
monument to the soldiers of France
who fell in the Franco-Prussian war,
which took place to-day at Chaumonk,
capital of the department of Haute-
Marne, General Chanoine, the Minister
of war, presiding furnished an oppor
tunity for a demonstration in favor of
the army, which many societies seized,
marching past the monument shouting,
"Vive l'armie."
The Socialist party met to-day and
denounced governmental Interference
with the right to strike. A resolution
was adopted declaring "that the whole
Socialist Revolutionary party is united
in defense of the republic and will not
permit the military conspiracy to lay
its hands upon the liberty of the
people."
The Socialists announce that they
have organized a vigilance committee
"to frustrate the military conspiracy
against the republic."
The arrival of the Duke of Orleans at
Brussels has rekindled the rumor that
a militar- coup was attempted.
The yountr Enelish Duke of Manches
ter, who has just reached Paris from
Australia, has been linked with the
movement by certain newspapers, but
he protests that he is merely a tourist.
The Sol*il publishes a dispatch from
Toulon which says that Vice Admiral
Fournier, who is now at Tunis with
M. Lockrey, Minister of Marine, will
return immediately to Toulon, where
orders have been received to speedily
prepare the armored cruisers Admiral
Trehourt, Bouvines, Jemmapes and
Valmy for active service and also to
send io Brest without delay tlie l ktt g«
est possible number of gunners to man
the forts and batteries.
HOBSON'S ATTEMPT TO
RECOVER THE COLON
Naval Constructor Hereafter Will
Conduct the Operations From.
the Shore.
SANTIAGO, Oct. 16.— Naval Constructor
Hobson, who has arrived here from the
wreck of the Spanish cruiser Cristobal
Colon, will leave to-morrow for Guanta
namo on business connected with the In
anta Maria Teresa, which he expects
to get off to the United States before the
end of the month. For the last few days
he has been engaged in preparing 1 to raise
the Cristobol Colon, a work which is
practically impossible from the sea be
cause of dangerous heavy swells. 'i ne
operations will be conducted from the
snore. Mr. Hobson has built a trolley
line out to the ship, a distance of 100
feet, with a suspension bridge, and the
compressed air pump is now in position.
On his return from Guantanamo he will
push his operations vigorously, as he feela
absolutely confident of raising the vessel.
MAN AND FOUR BABES
SLAIN WITH AN AX
His Widow Is Missing and Is Sus
pected of the Commission of
the Crime.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba. Oct. 16.— A Do
minion City dispatch says a cold-blooded
butchery took place in the Galacian set
tlement east of there some time within
the last twenty-four hours. A Galacian
man and his four children were found
dead in the house. The widow is missing
and is suspected to be guilty of the
crime. The weapon used was an ax.
The man's head was nearly severed from
the body and the children's bodies were
more or less mutilated. It is understood
the couple had frequent quarrels. The
name of the family could not be learned.
Fire at Albuquerque.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. M.. Oct. 16.— A flre
on Main street in this city has already
destroyed six buildings, including tna
Metropolitan Hutel block. Other buildings
are threatened.
SPANIARDS DEPART
PROM PORTO RICO.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16— Late
last night the following dispatch
was received by Secretary Alger
from General Brooke, in com
mand of the American forces In
Porto Rico:
SAN JUAN, Oct. 15.— Secretary
of War, Washington: A Spanish
transport sails to-day with 300 men.
This is a ship sent from Cuba load
ed with men from there. Another
sails to-morrow with General Ma
cias and 1500 men. Another ship is
expected on the 17th. Complete
possession will be accomplished on
the 18th. BROOKE, Chairman.
Supplementing the above dis
patch another was received to
night by Secretary Alger from
General Brooke, reading as fol
lows:
SAN JTTAN. Oct. 16.— Secretary
of War, Washington: Captain Gen
eral Macias sailed for Spain this
morning with most of his staff.
BROOKE, Chairman.
On Tuesday the United States
will take possession formally of
the island of Porto Rico. By
that time most of the Spaniards
will have departed for Spain.
Those remaining at that time
will leave as soon as transports
can be secured.2
REFORMS FAVORED
BY CHINA'S RULER
Latest Projects of the
Emperor.
TENDED TOWARD EDUCATION
ADVISED SUBJECTS TO START
NEWSPAPERS.
Great Opposition Aroused by His
Edict Confiscating Houses of
Worship for School
Purposes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 16.— According to ad
vices brought by the steamship Tacoma
from China and Japan the (Mental
press is still in an excited state over
the triumph of the Dowager Empress
over the Emperor of China. The press
is unable to solve the riddle of the
transfer of po-wer. The Emperor's pro
posed reforms were widespread and not
at all satisfactory to the masses. His
last and most radical change was con
tained in an edict which proposed that
an annual budget should be Issued,
■which should set forth the annual ex
penses, so the people could suggest re
forms and means of economizing. The
Emperor advised the gentry to embark
in the newspaper business for the pur
pose of educating the people. His edict
confiscating temples and other places
of worship for educational purposes was
opposed from all quarters.
A band erf desperadoes numbering
2000, with 4000 disbanded Manchu sol
diers, took possession of the gold mines
north of Kirin, China, and are hindering
Russian railroad development.
Farmers in the Kansu District, China,
ascribing the cause of the long-prevail
ing droughts to the telegraph wires,
have demolished poles and wires.
An uprising has occurred in Hainan,
China, and the American Cansul has
been besought to protect the American
missionaries. The uprising was fo
mented in the band of pirates known
as the Triad Society and the local mili
tia joined the band of thieves. Soldiers
have been sent to the scene.
Floods in Japan have done great dam
age to- crops and many lives have been
lost. Aichi prefecture, which seems to
have suffered most, lost thirty-five
houses, washed away, 1200 overthrown,
170 partly wrecked, 412 damaged and
E6OO inundated. Seven lives were lost.
Twelve hundred acres of land were
flooded.
PRINCE JUN WILL
ASSUME THE CROWN
LONDON, Oct. 16.— The P<*king cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph
says: It is said in the highest circles
that the Emperor will be formally de
posed on November 23, the birthday of
the Empress Dowager, and that Prince
Jun, a boy of 13, will be nominated as
his successor.
The Berlin correspondent of the Stan
<*ai^says. The Emperor of China was
to have taken refuge at the British Em
bassy in Peking, whence he would have
issued a proclamation declaring the
acts of the Dowager Empress void, but
the plan was discovered and frustrated.
The Peking correspondent of the
Times says: Prince Ching, president of
the Tsung Li Yamen, has informed Sir
Claude Macdonald officially f hat the
health of the Emperor is improving. He
declares that the Empress Dowager la
not opposed to genuine reform, but
only to such violent and impracticable
reforms as were hastily decreed. Her
Majesty will proceed on lines more
adapted to Chinese conditions.
The Baptist mission at Sing Ngan Fu,
in the province of Shen Si, has appealed
for protection.
DOWAGER EMPRESS
INSTITUTES REFORMS
PEKING, Oct. 16.— The reactionary
policy of the Dowager Empress seems
likely to return to moderation. An edict
just issued promises to attend to the
•welfare of the people and to do the best
to secure prosperity. The edict pro
vides for the appointment of two boards
of trade, one at Shanghai and one at
Hankow, having jurisdiction over the
•whole south empire and the Yang-tse
valley, including Shan-si. Although
eeparate the two boards are enjoined to
•work in harmony. Shang Chi Lung,
Viceroy of Hankow, is responsible for
the reform, which, though of doubtful
ability, is important as showing that
the Dowager Empress has embarked
upon a policy having tendencies toward
reform.
SAYS THE EMPEROR'S
HEALTH IS GOOD
PEKING, Oct. 16.— Prince Ching on
V v -ilf of the Tsung Li Yamen, has
given Sir Claude Macdonald. the Brit
ish Minister, satisfactory assurances
as to the health of the Emperor.
DIPLOMATS RETURN
TO THE CAPITAL
Beluctantly Compelled to Incline the
Invitation to Remain in Chicago
During the Pefce Jubilee.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Shortly after
4 o'clock this afternoon the special train
bearing the members of the diplomatic
corps, army officials and Washington
newspaper men. who have been guests of
the Baltimore and Ohio and Northwest
ern Railroads and the Omaha Exposition
for a week, arrived at the Ba.dmore and
Ohio station. .The run from South Chi
cago to Washington was made in the
notable time of twenty-one hours and
8 minutes. On the train were nearly a
ecore of the members of the diplomatic:
corps. General A. W. Greely, General
Humphrey and Major Histand of the
Army and a number of the well-known
Washington correspondents. Major Gen
eral ___M left the party u.t Omaha, going
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
What a luxury
Pears* soap is!
The cheapest soap
in all the world be-
sides. . ,
to St. Paul to investigate the uprising of
the Pillager Indians.
The reception committee of the Chicago
Peace Jubilee pressed upon the party an
earnest invitation to remain in Chicago
during the jubilee, but reluctantly it had
to be declined.
PASSENGER TRAIN AND
FREIGHT COLLIDE
Railway Disaster at Port Costa Be
cause of a Switch Thrown
Wrong.
PORT COSTA. Oct. 16.— 0n account of
a switch thrown wrong, the Sacramento
local, westbound, collided with a freight
train here this morning, disabling the en
gine and baggage car on the passenger
train and throwing two loaded cars in the
freight train off the track and upon their
sides It was necessary to call the wreck
ing train from Oakland to get the freight
cars back on the track. The passenger
train was delayed one hour while another
engine waa being got so the train could
proceed to Oakland. The passengers were
badly shaken by the sudden stop, but
none were injured.
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
BY HIS BROTHER
Wheatland Lad of Thirteen th«
Victim of a Hunting
Tragedy.
WHEATLAND, Oct. Victor Ander
son, the 13-year-old boy of Frank
Anderson of this place, was accidentally
shot by his brother Leander, aged 17, this
afternoon while hunting geese at Plumas
Lake. The accident occurred • while
passing through brush. Leander was
ahead, carrying his gun on his shoulder.
A twig- tripped the trigger and the charge
of geese shot tore through the breast of
Victor, killing hitn instantly. Leander
carried the body of his brother for over
a mile until he reached a deserted cabin,
where he left the body and started home
for help. A party left to bring in the
body this evening.
——————
TRAIN DITCHED
WEST OF YUMA
Disaster on the Southern Pacific Over-
land in Which a Mail Agent
Is Killed.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 16.— Word reached
this city to-night that the Southern Pa
cific overland train No. 2, the west bound,
was ditched 35 miles west of Yuma.
Mail Agent G. F. Kellogg was killed.
As far as learned there were no other fa
talities. The cause of the accident is not
definitely known, but it is thought the en
gine, baggage car and mail car were do
railed on account of the track being bur
lod in sand. The train will arrive here at
5 a. m., seven hours late.
FIRES RAGING ON THE
HILLS NEAR SALINAS
Flames Sweep Over a Tract Embrac
ing Hundreds of
Acres.
SALINAS, Oct. 16.— For the third time
this reason large fires are raging in the
sand hills on David Jack's ranch on the
road between Salinas and Monterey. Hun
dreds of acres aro now burning and a new
fire started several hundred acres below
the old one this afternoon. The sky is
obscured by heavy black clouds of smoke
and the heat from the conflagration is felt
here. At night the heavens are lurid, and
the flames can be distinctly seen from
town.
CROPS IN ARGENTINA.
Wheat and Maize Fields Give Prom-
Ise of a Surplus.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, listiS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Argentina, Oct. 16.—
The Government estimates show that the
crops of wheat and maize promise excel
lent returns. The damage caused by lo
custs is insignificant this year, and there
will be a large surplus, it is thought, for
export.
Entitled to Per Diem Expenses.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Comptroller I
Treadwell of the Treasury Department |
has decided that postoffice inspectors are I
entitled to a per diem of $4 for expenses !
only when on duty outside of offices, as !
the law provides that they shall be acr |
tually engaged in the field in order to |
obtain such allowance. Before the act of j
Congress which went into operation July i
1 inspectors received the per diem for i
every day they were on duty, no matter
what its character.
Will Be Sent to Porto Rico.
CONCORD, N. H., Oct. 16.— 1t is report
ed on good authority that instead of being
mustered out of the service the first New
Hampshire Volunteers will be ordered to
Porto Rico this week. All the officers
and 600 of the men are said to be anxious
to remain in the service.
Murder or Suicide
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— A man's body,
the throat cut from ear to ear. was found
to-day in Gravesend Bay. There was also
the mark of a brow on the left breast.
The man had been about 35 years old,
five feet eight inches in height and
weighed about 100 pounds. There were no
means of identification.
Safe-Robber Convicted.
ALTURAS, Oct. 16.— The tria.l of Jess
Vertress for the attempted robbery of
Olstrom's safe was concluded at Lake
view. Or., yesterday. Tne young man
was found guilty and sentenced to three
years in the Oregon State prison at Sa
lem.
Bishops In The Pulpits.
WASHINGTON, Oct. I*.— -Services in all
of the Episcopal churches in Washington
to-day were conducted by Bishops of the
church who are now in attendance upon
the general convention.
EXPIRING GREENLAND'S ICY
MOUNTAINS.
Reuters correspondent at Copenhagen,
announcing the departure on the 20th
ir»st. of Lieutenant Amdrup's expedition
for East Greenland, writes as follows:
"The members of the expedition are
Lieutenant Amdrup, commander; M.
Krause, botanist and zoologist; M. Poul
sen. medical man and zoologist; Petty
Officer Jacobsen, and Naval Artificer 8.
Nielsen. The vessel used for the expedi
tion is the Godthaab, which has been
employed in the Greenland trade. The
expense. 150,000 kroner, will be defrayed
by the Carlsberger fund. The object of
the expedition is to explore that portion
of the east coast of Greenland situated
between 66 and 70 degrees north latitude.
This region has heretofore only been vis
ited by Esquimaux. The expedition goes
directly to Angmagsalik, whence it will
proceed in canoes as far north as possi
ble in order to establish a base of sup
plies. On returning from this voyage the
expedition, which takes out with it a
wooden house and three observatories,
will winter at Angmagsalik. In the course
of the winter it will make as many scien
tific Investigations as practicable. As
soon as the ice permits the explorers will
penetrate on sledges as far north as pos
sible. Kayaks, mainly constructed on
Nansen's system, are to be used. In
this expedition, however, only three mem
bers will take part. The others will re
main in winter quarters and pursue sci
entific investigations. Supplies for three
months will be taken for the sledge expe
dition, which will survey the coast. In
the summer the five explorers will set
out in canoes northward with threw
months' provisions in order to complete
the surveys.
In the autumn of 1899 they hope to be
back in Angmagsalik,' and to return
thence to Copenhagen. The expedition
is provisioned for two years.
COSTLY WATER.
Speaking at a meeting of the London
Corporation, Mr. Miller said that, owing
to the system of the water companies of
Charging for water upon the ratable
value- of premises, Instead of for the
quantity used, water In Newgate street,
■where he had premises, was dearer tnan
champagne. Mr. Morton said the charge
upon the assessment of premises Instead
of by meter" resulted in the citizens of
London being: absolutely plundered of at
least £60,000 a year.— Tit-Bits.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 1 7, 189b.
NATIONAL PEACE
JUBILEE OPENED
Thanksgiving Service at
Chicago.
MR. M'KINLEY PARTICIPATES
NATION'S CHIEF RECEIVES AN
OVATION.
Listens to Addresses by Jewish Rab
bi, Catholic Priest, Presbyterian
Clergyman and Colored
Orator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— The National
Peace Jubilee of Chicago was to-night
inaugurated with a 'thanksgiving ser
vice at the Auditorium. President Mc-
Kinley attended and listened to ad
dresses by a Jewish rabbi, a Koman
Catholic priest, a Presbyterian clergy
man and a noted colored orator. The
applause for the President was tremen
dous, and at one time he was com
pelled to arise in his box and respond
to the frantic cheering of the audience.
The services were, however, of a reli
gious character and at times the sol
emn silence of the vast assemblage was
much more eloquent than could have
been the wildest applause.
The President rested during a great
part of the day at the residence of Cap
tain Lafayette McWilliams, his rela
tive, where he is being entertained. He
did not attend church in the morning.
For a short time in the afternoon he
was taken for a drive, in company with
Mrs. McKinley, Captain McWilliams
and Mrs. McWilliams.
The party was driven to the Audi
torium at 8 o'clock and all along the
way people lined the streets to watch
the passage of the President's carriage.
Easily 12,000 people were within the
great Auditorium and probably as many
more were on the outside, unable to
obtain admittance. The President was
seated in a box' on the left side of the
Auditorium and with him were Alex
ander H. Revell, President William
Harper of the University of Chicago,
Captain McWilliams and Secretaries
Porter and Cortellyou. Among the oc
cupants of the other boxes were James
McKinley, the President's nephew; Sec
retary Wilson and Miss Wilson, Secre
tary and Mrs. Gage, Secretary Bliss,
Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn and
Postmaster Jordan.
Rev. Dr. Henry W. Thomas, pastor of
the People's Church, was chairman of
the meeting. Bishop Samuel Fallows led
in the recital of the Lord's Prayer and
Rev. Dr. Jenkin Lloyd Jones in the re
sponsive reading.
The first addresses was by Rabbi
Emil G. Hirsch, who brought out a
great burst of enthusiasm by a refer
ence to President McKinley. Dr. Hirsch
said:
"We are proud that when war was
imminent, the affairs of the
were in the hand? of a man "
Here Dr. Hirsch's voice was drowned
by a great wave of applause. When he
could be heard, the speaker finished his
sentence:
"A true American, one that loves
peace, a worshipper of the Prince of
Peace."
Loud cheers followed Dr. Hirsch's
statement of his sentiments in refer
ence to territorial acquisition when he
said:
"Constitutionalism, not colonial de
pendence, must be the watchword of
the war in regard to the country's de
liverence from Spanish rule."
Rev. Dr. Thomas P. Hodnett. a
Catholic clergyman, caught the fancy
and applause of the audience by re
peated references to Dewey, Sampson.
Schley and the Rough Riders, and
when he mentioned President McKinlev
by name the people became so demon
strative that the President was com
pelled to arise in his box and bow his
acknowledgments. At the conclusion
of his address Dr. Hodnett aroused
much enthusiasm by a philippic against
the "growing influence of monoDOlv
and the cohesive power of unjust corpo
rations."
One of the most stirring speeches of
the evening was made by Rev. Dr.
John Henry Barrows, who took a firm
stand in favor of the retention of the
Philippines, which sentiment appeared
to meet entirely the appropation of tlu
audience.
Booker T Washington was the last
speaker. He said in part.
This country has been most fortunate
in her vietorU-.s. She has twice measured
arms with England and has won. She has
met the spirit of rebellion within her own
borders and was victorious. She has met
the proud Spaniard and he lies prostrate
at her feet. All this is well; it is mag
nificent. But there remains one other vic
tory for Americans to wm— a victory as
far-reaching and important as any that
has. occurred to our navy and army. We
have succeeded in every conflict except in
that to conquer ourselves in the blotting
out of racial prejudices. We can cele
brate the era or peace in no more effectual
way than by a iirm resolve on the part
of the Northern men and the Southern
man, black men and white men, that
the trenches which we together vug
around Santiago shall be the eternal
buriul-pla.ee of all which separates
us in our business and civil relations. Let
us be as generous in peace as we have
been brave in buttle. Until we thus con
quer ourselves, I make no empty state
ment when I say we shall have, especially
in the Southern part of our country, a
cancer gnawing at the heart of this re
public that shall one day prove as dan
gerous as an attack from an army from
without or within.
i ii this presence and on this auspicous
occasion I want to present the deep grati
tude of nearly' ten millions of my people
to our wise, patient and brave chief ex
ecutive for the generous manner in which
my race has been recognized during tnls
conflict — a recognition that has done more
to blot out sectional and racial lines than
any event since the dawn of our freedom.
When Mr. Washington had given ex
pression to these words, the most inter
esting feature of the evening ucurred.
The audience arose and cheered to the
echo, while President McKlnley. stand
ing in his box, acknowledged by re
peated bows the compliment of the col
ored orator.
To-morrow, for the first part r >t the
day, the President ill be the puest of
the University of Chicago, from which
institution he will receive the degree of
LL.D.
MRS. HELMBRECHT LOCATED.
: The Missing Woman Living With
Her Sister in St. Paul.
Teresa Helmbrecht, of 9118 Greenwich
i street, who mysteriously disappeared on
j October S, has been located in St. Paul,
where she is living with her sister. The
j husband of the woman first thought she
| had committed suicide. Sha was in a
I delicate condition, and on the morning
of her disappearance she informed her
husband that she intended going to St.
Luke's Hospital.
Inquiry at that institution elicited the
information that she had not been there.
Helmbrecht lost no time in notifying the
police of his wife's absence and Detec
tive Graham was detailed to find her.
After an investigation Graham learned
that before Mrs. Helmbrecht left home
she took with her the family silverware,
her Jewelry and all her wearing apparel.
Helmbrecht is now convinced that his
wife has concluded not to live with him
again. .
LINARES' MOST
PATHETIC LETTER
Written While Besieged
at Santiago.
WAS IN UTTER DESPAIR
TOLD OF THE USELESSNESS IN
HOLDING OUT.
Defenders of the City Were Sick and
Wounded in the Trenches and
Had Only Rice for
Food.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Oct. 16.— A copy of a docu
ment of considerable historical impor
tance in connection with the war In
Cuba was left In the hands of Dr. G. W.
Galbraith by General Shafter just be
fore the latter took his departure for
Chicago yesterday evening. It is a
copy of a letter sent to the Governor
in-Chief of Cuba and the Minister of
War at Madrid by General Linares, the
commander of the forces in Santiago.
It was written some two weeks before
the surrender of the city. It is as fol
lows, in full:
July 12, 189 S.
To the General in Chief, Havana. To
the Minister of War, Madrid:
Although prostrated in bed by an acute
illness and suffering severe pains, the
situation of our suffering troops so pre
occupies me that I believe it my duty to
address your Eminence and the Minister
<>!' \V;ir In order to explain the actual
situation. The enemy's Jlnes are very
near to this place. Our lines are extend
ed fourteen kilometers. A considerable
portion of our troops axe sick and emaci
ated, but do not enter the hospital be
cause it is necessary to have them in the
trenches; the animals have been without
forage, in the middle of a rain which has
fallen for twenty-four hours in the
ditches. The men remain permamently
in the trenches with nothing but rice to
eat and they cannot leave to change
their clothes. We have lost a consider
able number of field officers, dead, sick
and missing, which deprives the force o.f
the necessary directions in these critical
moments. In this condition It is Impos
sible to move a step, because when at
tempting to do so our forces will be
diminished by a third part that are not
able to leave, and furthermore by the
wounded that the enemy will produce.
The end will be disaster without ac
complishing, as your Eminence desires,
the salvation of the eleven battalions. In
order to leave protected by the division
of Holquin it is necessary that we break
the enemy's lines in combination. This
force-breaking Is on one side and cannot
be accomplished. The .force at Holguln
must employ eight days in the Journey
and bring numerous rations that they will
not be able to transport. The solution
seems inevitable, the surrender unavoida
ble, and we are only able to prolong the
agony.
The sacrifice is useless. The enemy
understands this, knows our situation
and his iines are well established around
our forts and without exposing his own.
As he oid yesterday, he is able to can
nonade from elevate^ places without our
seeing his batteries at all. The fleet now
h;is perfect range and can bombard the
city with mathematical precision, San
tiago de Cuba is not Hke Gerola. a walled
city, a piece of the territory of th« me
tropolis, defended step by step by her
proper inhabitants without the distinc
tion of »ge or sex, exposing- their lives,
moved by the sainted Idea of Inde
pendence with the hope of a. succor
which they receive. Here we are alone
and Isolated. The citizens and the public
officials, with rare exceptions, are gone.
The clergy alone remain, and they to
day wish to leave with the Bishop at
their head.
The defenders do not now begin a cam
paign full of enthusiasm and energy.
They are exhausted by struggles with the
climate, privation and fatigue, and in
these critical circumstances have neither
food nor physical force nor friends to
help them. They are In a critical condi
tion. Tbey lark the spirit to defend their
property, because in defending this prop
erty they are abandoned to the American
force by those who were their allies. The
honor of ;m army has its limits, and I ap
peal to the judgment of the Government
or of the entire nation to decide if these
suffering troops that have been bombard
ed at repeated times since the 18th of
May. when they suffered the first
bombardment, shall be abandoned. If it
is necessary that this sacrifice be made
that we may go, I know not whither, or
if it is necessary that some one assume
the responsibility of foreseeing the dis
aster announced by me tn several tele
grams, I offer myself loyally on the altar
of my country to the one or the other,
and I will charge myself with tho order
to make the surrender, becauso my
modest reputation is worth very little in
comparison with the national interests.
LINARES.
BRUTALLY EJECTED
FROM A CAR
T. J.TUOHEY'S ENCOUNTER WITH
A CONDUCTOR.
He Was Refused a Transfer and Was
Then Thrown on che Cobble
stones.
Thomas J. Tuohey, a teamster residing
at 742 Willow avenue, was brutally thrown
from a Howard street car late last night
and severely injured.
He was riding on car 683 Just before the
accident occurred, with a friend named
Thomas Jolly. As the car neared Fourth
street Tuohey asked the conductor for a
transfer, which was refused on the score
that he had not asked for one sooner and
at the time the transfers were delivered
to other passengers. Upon being refused
he remonstrated with the conductor and
demanded of him the transfer which in
his pre-occupation he neglected to obtain.
After telling Tuohey he could have no
transfer the conductor proceeded to eject
him from the car. Jolly, seeing that a
quarrel was imminent, jumped from the
car. leaving his friend In a eonUsst of
words with the conductor. A moment
after, however, Tuohey was thrown head
long from the platform to the street,
where he sustained an abrasion of the
scalp. Several blood vessels in his head
were burst in the contusion.
The injured man wa3 taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his wounds were
dressed. No action as yet has been taken
against the conductor, who will probably
be held to account for the accident.
CALLS HIS WIFE VAGRANT.
A. F. Sweeney Has His Better Half
Arrested.
Martha Sweeney, a young woman, was
arrested last night on a warrant charging
her with vagrancy. The complaining
witness Is A. F. Sweeney, her husband.
Sweeney clams that his wife recently left
him, and as she refuses to return to him,
he decided to hcxe her arrested.
After the woman had been formally
charged at the City Prison, Sweeney
anxiously Inquired as to the amount of
bail necessary for her release.
When told that the court had fixed the
amount at $150, Sweeney hesitatingly re
marked that he would endeavor to get
her out to-day.
"She has been a bad girl," dwlarsd
Sweeney, when asked why he had caused
his Wife's arrest. "Some time ago she
ran away from home and did not return
for several days. Only recently she again
left me, and as I learned she was asso
ciating with disreputable people, I con
cluded to have her arrested. I will see
the Judge who issued the warrant and
have him dismiss the charge against her.
My object in having her arrested was to
frighten her so she would not run away
again."
FATHER CALZIA ON BAPTISM.
Explains the Necessity of the Sacra
ment for the Welfare of the
Soul
The announcement made that Rev.
Father Calzia would preach on the sub
ject of "Baptism" at St. Ignatius' Church
last evening caused every pew to be oc
cupied. The Father used as a prelude
to his sermon an explanation of the in
stitution of the sacrament and its period
of existence In the Catholic church. He
said:
"'The church has always taught the ne
cessity of baptism, and the penalty for
him who disputes it has been excommuni
cation. The doctrine of Christ teaches it
as well as the Bible, for Christ has said:
'Unless a man be born again of water and
of the Holy Ghost, he shall not enter
the kingdom of Heaven.' Baptism is
taught in the Old Testament. The Jews
of old practiced circumcision and severe
penalties fell upon the head of the man
who allowed his male child to live for
eight days without being prepared for an
entrance into the synagogue.
"Baptism is simply a remission of the
punishment allotted to every soul that is
born into the world for the sins of our
first parents. Without this remission no
soul can enjoy spiritual bliss forever in
the world to come, and hence we see the
necessity of infantile baptism so that
death may not overtake the soul and de
prive it of its chances of seeing God.
Another reason why the church enforces
the baptism of infants is because of the
purity of their little souls; one must be
in the state of grace to receive the divine
sacrament and how much more stainless
is the soul and heart of the new-born
babe than the soul of the grown persons
who requires penance to wipe away its
burden of sin."
STATUE IN MEMORY
OF SAINT ANTHONY
UNVEILED WITH SOLEMNITY AT
THE FRENCH CHUBCH.
The History of the Universal and
General Custom of Extending
Special Patronage to This
Saint.
Immediately before the high mass at
the French Church on Bush street yester
day morning the magnificent new statue
of St. Anthony, lately erected in the sanc
tuary, was solemnly unveiled and conse
crated. The service of blessing consisted
in sprinkling with holy water. The re
sponses to the prayers were chanted by a
specially augmented choir, which gave to
the entire ceremony a fuller sense of sa
cred impressiveness.
The statue, which is about five feet in
height, was made in. Paris. It is the gift
of Mrs. de Guigne, the daughter of Mrs.
John Parrott.
Statues In honor of St. Anthony have
been erecetd lately in several Catholic
churches throughout the city. One simi
lar to that erected yesterday in the
French Church will shortly arrive from
the East for erection in the Paulist
Church (St. Mary's) on California street.
The object of this special devotion to
ward St. Anthony is interesting. The
statue is so built as to contain a recep
tacle for the presentation of alms, called
"St. Anthony's Bread." •
The devotee at the shrjne asks that a
certain favor be granted, and if done de
posits a coin, which is given to the poor.
The origin of this charity, the fame of
which is spreading rapidly throughout all
the world, is thus described:
One morning in November, 1592, Mile.
Bouf fler, a storekeeper of Toulon. France, I
found It impossible to open her shop door. The
l^ck Heemed broken, so ahe called in a lock
smith. After trying all his keys he gave up
In despair, saying there -was no resource but
to break open the door. "While the locksmith
went for some other tools, the shop keeper,
prayed fervently to St. Anthony that the door
might be opened without violence, promising,
if her request should be granted, to distribute
In his honor a certain number of loaves to the
poor. She then begged the locksmith to make,
another trial with hia keys, and ; taking one
at random, the door flgw open without further
difficulty. " ■.«■""■■ ■••" •• "• -..'-:
After this Simple evidence of " St. Anthony's
power his clients Increased so rapidly In Tou
lon that Mile. ■ Bouf fler, with the assistance of.
her friends, founded a work of charity called
the "Bread of St. Anthony." In a room be
hind the shop they, placed a Btatue of the
saint, with a lamp burning before it, and un
der the lamp two boxes — one ■to receive the
written requests and promises made to St.
Anthony, and the other money to buy bread for
the poor.
In time rumors of .the .wonders wrought by
St. Anthony at Toulon reached Paris, Lyons,
Bordeaux, Marseilles and other large towns,
and many chapels in those cities very soon
contained the two boxes for the offerings.
St. Anthony's bread is obtained in a simple
way. All a member of a congregation has to
do la to write a request on a piece of paper,
adding a promise if, by the expiration of a
given time, the saint secures the fulfillment of
6uch request,' a certain sum of money will be
placed in the collection box to buy bread for
the poor. These written requests may b«
either of a spiritual or a temporal character.
The request may have reference to th« writer
only, or to relatives, friends or even strangers.
When the favor is obtained the sum of money
promised is to be deposited in the box. This
money Is devoted to purchasing and distrib
uting "St. Anthony Bread."
"St. Anthony's Bread" comprises not only
food, but also clothing and medical attendance
— It includes, In fact, everything necessary for
the relief of the poor in general, and of the
Blck and afflicted poor in particular.
"WOMEN IN POLITICS."
Dr. J. L. York Delivers an Interest
ing Address at Scottish Hall.
Dr. J. Is. York addressed a large crowd
in Scottish Hall last night, his subject
being "Women In Politics." He said:
"What we need is a thorough education
in the duties of American citizenship and
the enlightenment of the masses on the
principles and purposes of our Govern
ment. The higher Idea of political re
sponsibility must be taught In our
schools and colleges. Men and women
should have equal voice in our govern
ment. Every boy and girl graduated from
the higher grades of our schools should
be thoroughly familiar with political econ
omy and imbued with a spirit of loyalty.
Politics and science of government should
form a part of our school education: The
Republican party is the one to which we
must look for our civil and religious
rights."
The speaker, at the conclusion of his
address, advised his hearers to vote the
straight Republican ticket at the ap
proaching election.
NOTED ENGINEER COMING.
William Barclay Parsons Will Soon
Arrive on His Way to China.
Information has been received at the
Palace Hotel office that William Bar
clay Parsons, one of the foremost rail
road engineers of the world, will arrive
In this city on Tuesday, tarrying but a
few days, and will then leave for China,
where he will be engaged for some time
in the survey of a new railroad from
Shanghai north to Hankow.
Mr. Parsons is employed by a big syndi
cate, at the head of which is Calvin S.
Bryce of New York. Others whose capi
tal is invested in the Oriental venture are
the Rockefellers and the Vanderbilts. A
large corps of surveyors will accompany
Mr. Parsons.
Not Williams, but Bryson.
The body of what was supposed to be
George H. Williams, who hanged him
self at Eighteenth and Folsom streets,
turns out not to be Williams, but Charles
W. Bryson. Such was the Information
received by the Coroner's deputies yes
terday when R. C. Hislop, who resides
at 332 Hayes street, called at the Morgue
and identified the dead man. Hislop
stated that Bryson resided with his wife,
who conducts a small bakery at the end
of Castro street, where the cars stop.
He further stated that the deceased was
68 years of age and conducted a store on
Fourtht street some time ago, which was
burned out. Since that time the old
man's mind weakened. The manner of
his death was fully explained in yes
terday's Call.
John C. Lewis Arrives.
John C. Lewis, the well-known young
capitalist of Portland, accompanied by L.
Allen Lewis, Miss H. L«wls and Miss C
Lewis, arrived In this city yesterday and
will remain here for some days on a
pleasure Jaunt. They have taken apart
ments at the Palace.
HAD DOOMED BOTH
KING AND KAISER
Plans of Conspirators
Went Amiss.
SOUGHT TO SLAY HUMBERT
BULEB OF ITALY MASKED FOB
ASSASSINATION.
Emperor William's Life Was Saved
by the Abandonment of the '
Projected Trip to
Egypt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 17. — The Alexandria
correspondent of the Daily Mail tele
graphing regarding the anarchist plot
against Emperor William which was
discovered on Friday, says:
"The plot against the Kaiser is hour
ly proving more important, each ar
rest disclosing new ramifications. The
documents found disclose a plot to kill
King Humbert already well matured.
"Fifteen persons, all Italians, have
been arrested. The original plan was
to throw a bomb of gun cotton and ful
minate of mercury on Emperor Wil
liam's carriage in a narrow street of
Cairo. When the Egyptian trip was
abandoned, elaborate arrangements
were made by the conspirators to send
confederates to Jerusalem to carry out
the plot during the dedication of the
German Church of Our Redeemer."
The Constantinople correspondent of
the Times says:
"Two wornout war craft, patched up
for the occasion, have proceeded to the
Dardanelles to swell the naval escort of
Emperor William, and twenty-four-
Turkish officers have gone thither on
board a yacht. Emperor William on
the Hohenzollern is expected to reach
the Dardanelles this afternoon and to
arrive at Pera, where the German lega
tion is situated, on Tuesday morning.
VISITED OLD COMBADES.
Grand Army Veterans and Ladies
Spend an Enjoyable Day at the
Yotintville Home.
Lincoln Post, G. A. R., and Lincoln Re
lief Corps yesterday made a'visit to the
Vetrans* Home at Yountville, where all
were welcomed by the old. soldiers who
find there a home of comfort In their de
clining years. About three hours were
devoted to visiting the various quarters
or buildings occupied by the veterans.
Colonel Walts, commandant of the home,
together with other officials, among
whom were Directors Sol Cahen and J. H.
3arrett, conducted the party. ;
The library was found to be well stock
ed with standard works. In the quarter
master's department there was mani
ested an air of business which commends
the administration of Colonel Lyon. A
marked improvement is seen in the con
duct of the hospital where trained nurses
are now employed. The kitchens and
31ning rooms are marvels of neatness,
while food of the best quality is carefully
prepared and served in generous quan
tities. '■'■'■ _ . ._-
Department Commander Cahen had ar
ranged for a hot lunch with which the
lisitors were refreshed. At its conclu
sion remarks were ' made -by ' Commander
Cahen Mrs. Edith M. .Comstock, pre«*- ,
3ent of Lincoln Woman's Relief Corps;
Commander Handley of Lincoln Post. i
General Salomon of Garneld Post, and
Dthers. Commander Harry W.. Mortimer
presented a handsomely engrossed testi
monial to the association, which Presi
ient Loop received on behalf of the home.
At the conclusion of dinner the visitors
a.nd members of the home assembled on
the parade ground, where a new garrison
Bag was to be for the first time unfurled.
Mrs. Comstock and Mrs. Mortimer pulled
the halliards, and as Old Glory floated to
the breeze the band played "Star-span
gled Banner," while nearly a thousand
heads remained uncovered as General
Salomon delivered a brief address, which
was replete with sentiment of the most
ofty patriotism. Adjourning to the social
hall an hour was spent in entertaining
the old comrades with vocal and instru
mental, music, rendered by members of
the Woman's Relief Corps, after which,
amid cheers from the veterans, the vis
itors departed for this city.
Had Her Arm Broken.
Mrs. Marcella O'Loghlen, living at 1554
Golden Gate avenue, while "coastini;"
along Broderick street yesterday after
noon, fell off her bicycle and sustained
a broken arm and other injuries. She
wag removed to her home, where she was
treated by Dr. Shumate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Metal Beds
Are Very Cheap
Now,
About twice as cheap as they
were last year. And the
appreciation of these clean,
healthy beds has grown in
enormous proportions.
There isn't a finer lot in
the city than we show, and
there isn't a lower lot of
prices. We still sell at the
famous 750 - Mission - street
low prices.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
M uny en's Headache and Indi gestion Cure
is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache in S
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's - rlpsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPUBLICAN
RALLIES
THIS WEEK!
HON. D. E. McKINLAY
EVILL ADDRESS THE ARTISANS. MgCHAN-
IC3 LABORING MEN AND GEN-
ERAL PUBLIC
* On The
FALLACIES OF THE SINGLE, M.. ,
AND THE DOCTRINES OP PROTECTION
THIS (MONDAY) ilV'E^iivu.
DREW'S HALL,
121 NEW MONTGOMERY ST.
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
BON. C. L PATTON
And Other Speakers Will Also
Address the Meeting.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER IS,
£f
CYGLERY HALL,
HAIGHT AND STANYAN STS.
HON. D. E. McKINLAY. , .. : ■ ,
HON. C. L. PATTON,
And Other Speakers.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1».
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
HON. E. McKINLAY
Will Fully Discuss SINGLE TAX AND PRO-
TECTION TO AMERICAN LABOR. -: W
MUSIC AND CAMPAIGN. SONGS.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT ' SPEAKERS '
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THB
ISSUES OP THE DAY AT
MANDELBAUM HALL,
POTRERO AYE. AND 24TH ST.
FRANKLIN HALL,
1533 FILLMORE ! ST., BET. SUTTER AND • '
BUSH. . . .
THIS ' (MONDAY) EVENING, Oct. 17. 1898.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee. . ■■■
M JASPER MCDONALD, Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary. __JV--
FOR
IFOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR -V C
DEMOCRAr/C U - '•■• .
NON-PARTISAN
• ' NOMINEE. '^ . .-■.-- - -
k REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
i D. SIEBU
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).' ,\*
REPTTBIiICAN, NON-PARTISAN AK3 POP-
rBIiICAN, NON-PARTISAN AIsO POP-
ULIST NOMINEE.
WFOR ■ .
COUNTY CLERK,
A. DEANE,
RECULAR ■?'■'.■■■'.
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
v"v-.-^ ■•■••■ ■. ■
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LATJMEISTER
• REPUBLICAN 'NOMINEE/
fS.S.LAUMEISTER
EPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . . ; ; . '
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER
AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED. ■
SSK RHODES BOEDEH
(INCUMBENT.) -
DEMOCRATIC, NON-PA*RTISAN AND PEO-
. PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE. •
1 1 ■ ■ ' .« • •■.
DR..ED. E. HILL
For CORON -
REGUIiAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPIiErB t
• PARTY NOMINEE.
: ;—;; — ; : ".'''.: ; ',.
FOR AUDITOR. . . f££
JOHN.H. GRADY
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AXD PEOPLE'S . :
PARTY . NOMINEE.
istDiy. t^^s^A. >\iZ^ irncftiOM
tartsr ioth Day. -i*» >fvL, 7y illCllUlln
VITALIS mC: 7-K.'JBtucnV
PROprf ABOTK ■ 30th Day. llfclnClllll "'
BKSILTS. It quickly »nr*!y remoTW Nenronsness, Imrotency, "J i
N. g htl>- E ,ssion», Eril Dreads Wasting Dis««3es ana all effect* "V?
or acre and indiscretion. Restores Lost TitalitT, v
Power and Failing Memory. Ward« cfl Insanity »nd Conjump- ..
tion Cures when all others fail. Insist on haying YITAI.ItS "'
no other. Can be earned in toe vast pocket. By mail $1.00 "~ '
per package or six for *5.00 with a guaruit»c to Cure or
Kvfaiid the Money. Circular Free. Address • '
OALIMET CUKE CO., 854 Desrl>«ra St., CUcac*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. and Oaklani
; DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL ".'.-•. .'■*"'■ '"■ '"
DISCOVERY
■.■ •:::< •■^■r^T-.* FORTHE ;
BLOOD, tIVER. LUIMGS;
■-'<<S^B^ Wiwa 6a^ia reme dr for Gonorrhoea,
- Gleet, Spermatorrhfpa!
m^^fla l to 5 days. \3| Whites, unnatural dlj. .
JHgr auaraowed charges, or any inflamma.
li«»B not to itHetnre. r™ tion, irritation or ulcera-
g—flPMTonts eontaeion. tlon of. uco v 9 mem-
J^VltheEvanS GHEMirn Co. branes. Non-*Btrlng*nt.
• wAoiNCINNATI.O J9H| *old by UraffsUt*, :■ •-.
V. B. A. ° Bent in plain wrapper,
- .~ T^fWmFrVj* M , Circniar «ajt ©a riauert, '\ r
>f f^DEWr:Y,STRDNG&CQ.^ V
"PATENTS 3
X^aaoiyiAßrlETST.^^'SHIPS THAT FLY
AMERICAN FLAG
Report of the Navigation
Bureau.
STEAM TONNAGE INCREASED
CONSIDERABLY GREATER THAN
A YEAR AGO.
Alaskan Trade Has Added Numerous
Vessels to the Merchantmen
Plying on the Pacific
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Complete
returns received by Commissioner
Chamberlain of the Navigation Bu
reau of the Treasury Department show
that the dx-eumentecl American mer
chant shipping 011 June 30, 1898, com
prised 22,705 vessels of 4,747,738 gross
tons, compared with 22.63:} vessels of
4,769,020 tons on the like date in 1897.
The decrease of 19,282 tons is more ap
parent than real, as 11.000 tons of this
amount is due to dropping fractions of
tonnage in the accounts and 66,713 tons
: were sold to the Navy and War de
partments to carry troops, supplies and
provisions ajid have merely changed
employers.
The total steam tonnage amounts to j
6712 vessels of 2.371,923 tons, compared |
with 6599 vessels of 2,358.558 tons for the j
previous year. The vessels sold to the j
Government were all steam vessels, so I
. the true increase is greater than theflg- j
ures indicate. Sailing vessels have de- ;
creased from 1,904,153 tons for 1897 to '
1,835,827 tons for 1S&8. Documented ca- ;
nal boats and barges amount to 541, 958 ]
tons, compared with 506,309 tons for the ,
previous year. The increase is chiefly in ,
barges, which are superseding sail ves
sels, especially in the coal trade.
Tonnage on the Atlantic and Gulf (
coasts has decreased from 2,647,796 tons :
-:<7 to 2,553.739 tons for 1898. The i
Great Lakes tonnage shows a slight in- j
crease — 1.437,500 tons, as compared w Ith !
1.410,103 tons. The new Alaskan trade |
has increased the Pacific Coast marine j
from 439.012 tons to 496,7*7 tons. West
ern rivers have decreased from 272,109
to 261.732 tons.
New York Slat.- retains the first Dlace
with tonnage reduced from 1. 311. 743 to
1,299,825 tons; Michigan is 3tlll second,
ivtth a reduction from 477,602 to 463.100
tons, and Ohio stands third with 395.- :
us, an Increi ■ of about 6000 j
tons. The greatest Increase Ls in Wash
ington, from 97.790 to 152. 16S tons; ard
Alaska, from 3524 to 9755 tons. X^v
England shows a large decrease and I
the Gulf States an appreciable increase, i
Vessels registered for foreign trade I
number 1136, of 737,709 tons, compared !
with 1230 of 805,584 tons for 1897. These
figures are the lowest since 1532. The
decrease is wholly in sailing vessels, of
which 159 of 103,000 tons, or about 20
per cent, have been lost, laid up or gone i
into domestic trade during the year.
Registered steam vessels have increas
ed from 220,136 tons to 245.059 tons.
Through the greater efficiency of steam
vccvlo f\^vt fi-ir the fareisn trade (
does dm show • decrease in carrying
power.
The effect of the war is shown in the j
sale of e:~hty-fnur vessels of 36,411 tons '■
to foreigners compared with sales of i
8243 tons the oreviotu year. The sales
were chiefly d-e to high premiums on j
A .lerican vessels and cargoes demand- j
ed by insurance companies during the
brief while mines and torpedoes \
were being placed in our harbors. The '
effect of the war is also shown in the
admission by i.cts of Congress of 27,- |
824 tons of foreign vessels to American .
registry, chiefly for transport purposes. I
During' the preceding eight years only ;
55.902 tons were so admitted.
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
A DOCTOR T LAW
Will Be Invested With the Gown and
Hood of the University of
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— The degree of
LL..D. will be conferred to-morrow on
President McKinley by the University of
<"hlrago. The President and his party
will be entertained at luncheon by Presi
dent and Mrs. Harper of the university
at their residence, and afterward, ac
companied by the trustees and faculty of
the institution, will proceed to Haskell
Museum. wher n President McKinley will
be created a doctor of law and invested
with the gown and hood pertaining to
that scholastic rank. Then the President
will lead a procession of the university
faculties, fellows and counselors across
th<» campus to Kent Theater, where other
ceremonies will take place.
All ih<- Btudents of the university, the
graduate schools, the divinity schools, the
senior and junior college*, the medical
college and the various affiliated pre
paratory schools, including the driver j
Military Academy, will furnish an escort
for the President, who, in his cape and
gown, will afterward review them.
VAN ALSTINE BACK WITH
WIFE AND FORTUNE
Reconciliation of the Klondiker and
the Woman He Pursued Across
the Ocean.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.-Back from
Europe Is Charles Van Alstine with his
fugitive "bride of the Klondike," and
thus a romance of the Yukon resumes its
joyous career. With his wife and for
tune recovered, after a chase across the
ocean, the miner arrived on the L'mbrla
and he is ready to continue the "swing
around the States' on which he originally
set out with his "pile" made in the Klon
dike. Van Alstine was astonished that
the public had heard of his affairs.
"My own affairs are my own business,"
paid he. "and I don'r Rpe how such thlnflfs
get out. I never talk about them to any
body and nobody knows anything about
them."
He admitted he had traced his wife to
London and that they were reunited. Be
yond this he said the published reports
were wrong. In the first place, he said,
she had not taken his money. It was at
one time supposed she had done so, but
this supposition proved lnco|rect.
FIRE IN A PANA MINE.
Explosion of Gas Starts a Serious
Conflagration.
PANA. in., Oct. 16.— Fire is burning in
the Pana Coal Company's shaft No. 1.
It was started by an explosion of gas at
noon yesterday, and so far It has been
impossible for the company to ex-
This evening John Hawkins, a negro
miner, fatally shot Isaac Ross, also col
ored, as the result of a quarrel. The
snooting occurred in the company's office,
where Ross sought safety
Bishops in the Pulpits.
BUFFALO, Oct. 16.-Rev. Stephen Ka
minski. Bishop of the Independent Polish
Catholic church of Buffalo and rector of
the Church of Our Mother of Rosary, has
been excommunicated by the Pope of the
Roman Catholic church. The decree of
Rome was read in all the Roman Catho
lic churches of this city to-day. It is said
that the object of the document is to
show the seceders from the regular
church that the Independent Catholic
Polish church does not belong to Rome
INVESTIGATORS
GO SOUTHWARD
Commission Starts on
Tour of the. Camps.
ARE TRAVELING IN LUXURY
GENERAL DODGE HAS A CAR
ALL TO HIMSELF.
Other Members and Attaches Equally |
Well Provided For and They
Will All Live Upon
the Train. I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 16.— The War
Investigating Commission left for the
South at 4:30 p. m., going over the
Pennsylvania and Atlantic Coast line j
roads. The party comprised twenty- ,
four persons, including the nine Com- j
inissioners, their recorder and com- i
mlssary official, other employes, and a j
representative of the Associated Press, j
It is the expectation of the party to '
practically live in its train during the
absence from Washington. It is a j
special furnished by the Pennsylvania |
Railroad Company, and it has been I
fitted out with the view of rendering (
the party comfortable, and at the same |
time making it possible for its mem
bers to pursue their labors very much
as if they were in their quarters at
Washington. It consists of a eombi- i
nation, and parlor smoker, a Pullman j
dining car, a sleeper composed exclu- ;
sively of drawing-rooms f->rf ->r the mem
bers of the commission, a twelve section
double drawing-room sleeper, and the
private car of General Dodge, chair- ]
man of the commission. The party ■
will he personally conducted, and the
train will be in charge of the Pennsyl- ;
vania Company's agent throughout the
tour.
The train will reach Jacksonville j
about 11:30 o'clock Monday and will re
main there until the party is prepared
to move to another point. This course
will be followed at each stopping point, j
the one train being used for the entire j
trip.
UNCLE SAM ABLE TO CARE
FOR SICK SOLDIERS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— The follow
ing letter from the Surgeon General of |
the army was written in reply to one j
sent to the President by A. E. Orr, J
vice chairman of the Red Cross re
lief committee:
I have received the copy of your letter
to the President. In answer to jour ques
tion as to "Why the intervention of the
Red Cross relief committee should be
lunger needed, and why the Government ,
does not see to it thai its own sick are
provided for," I would say:
The emergencies of the war made the
assistance of the relief associations most
valuable, notwithstanding the fact that
it is the Intention of the Government to |
provide liberally for the care of sick sol
diers. But, as" you know, with ample ;
means and good intentions supplies cannot
always be provided at the proper place
and time to meet an emergency. More- |
over, at the outset of the war the ar- j
rangernents made for providing light diet |
for the sick, which had proved satisfac- i
tory in time of peace under the careful j
management of experienced medical ofli- j
cc-rs, were inadequate under the condi-
Uons which prevailed in our camps of in
struction and among troops engaged in j
active operations. For this reason the
presence of Red Cross agents with their ,
abundance of supplies of delicacies for
the sick has been of inestimable value.
But provision was muck- by a general
order published August lv (G. O. 116) by
which surgeons in charge of hospitals,
general, division or regimental, are ena- j
bled to draw CO cents per day for each
Bick enlisted man of the army in lieu of '
his regular ration. Up to that time the j
commutation value of a ration was only :
30 cents.
The medical department does not supply j
food for the sick in hospitals. This is ■
obtained from the commissary depart
ment, or by purchase wherever it can be
procured. I inclose herewith a list show
ing the articles which can be purchased j
from the commissary, which list, as you
will see, includes canned soups, tapioca,
crackers. Jellies, tea, butter, etc. Milk,
chickens and egg*, fresh vegetables, etc., |
are purchased wherever they can be ob- j
tamed. The medical department furnishes I
a few articles under the head of "Hospi- I
tal Stores," including condensed milk, *
sugar and tea. but no other food supplies j
are furnished by the medical department I
or can be properly paid for from the med
ical and hospital appropriation. Of course, !
if the commissary department fails to j
provide these supplies, and they cannot :
be purchased in the vicinity of the camp i
or hospital, the difficulty of providing |
proper food for the sick will be very great j
and under such circumstances the sup- I
plies of relief associations have been most j
welcome. But the amount now allowed I
by the Government is ample to provide I
everything necessary in the way of suit- j
able diet for the sick, and when there ia |
any failure to provide this, it is failure in
administration by those Immediately in
charge and not a failure of the Govern- i
ment to provide the necessary means.
You will no doubt agree with me that !
60 c^nts a day for the raw material from
which to prepare a proper dielV for the i
sick is a most liberal provision. The ex- :
perlence of medical officers shows that it |
Is not only ample but excessive, and that '
for sick men, living for the most part I
upon milk, weak soups and farinaceous
food, this amount Is much in excess of ;
any reasonable requirement.
Under these circumstances, I think that i
those patriotic and liberal citizens who i
have contributed bo freely of their money '
and time to aid in the care of our sick ,
soldiers may now leave the matter In the .
hands of the Government without any !
apprehension as to the result.
ALGER WILL PROTECT
ALL THE WITNESSES
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— Secretary
Alger was asked to-night if it was the
purpose of the War Department to take
any official action concerning the state
ments made by Major Seaman, surgeon
of the First Volunteer Engineers.
"Not at all," replied the Secretary.
"Not at all. I want it to be understood
distinctly that any officer or man in the
army may speak freely and unreserved
ly concerning his observations of the
war without the slightest fear of pos
sible consequences. While I am Sec
retary of War no man shall be the suf
ferer for speaking what he believes to
be the truth. Above all, the witnesses
who appear before the War Investiga
tion Commission shall be protected to
the fullest extent. The commission and
the country want the facts and no ob
stacle shall be placed In the way of
getting them. We are all Interested in
having the clearest light thrown upon
the conduct of the war and the standing
or promotion of no enlisted men nor I
comandlng officer shall be affected in !
the slightest way by any testimony or |
other assistance he may give the com
mission. We mean to keep absolute
faith with the commission and with the j
witnesses. I cannot be more explicit
than that."
GENERAL "ORDERS FOR THE
MOVEMENT OF TROOPS
CAMP MEADB, Mlddletown. Pa..
Oct. 16.— Major yon Schrader, assistant
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
THREATEN TO REOPEN
THE INSURRECTION.
Special Cable to The Call and the New
York Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by-
James Gordon Bennett.-
HAVANA, Oct. 16.— As I have
already cabled last night a
serious breach exists between
the army and civil authori
ties. Strangely enough, President
Masso seems to favor annexa
tion. At least he prefers that to
the domination of the military
element. He has threatened that
the present insurgent govern
ment will make overtures for an
nexation. Masso has had agents
quietly working in Havana for
weeks, which fact General Gomez
learned about ten days ago. The
result is shown in the number of
men wearing the uniform of
Insurgent officers. They de
nounce the Masso government
and threaten the American
forces with reopening the in-
surrection should Masso's coun
sel prevail. These things are not
w"hispered. On the contrary they
are shouted upon the streets and
in cafes, while Spanish officeia
look on and laugh. The friends
of Gomez are trying to force
matters to an Immediate issue,
while Masso's agents are work
ing for delay. The latter believe
the United States will lend strong
moral influence against Cuban
militarism. They point to San
tiago as an illustration. They
say the people of Santiago now
have full confidence in the Amer
icans and are in favor of annexa
tion. Santiago province has al
ways been a stronghold of the
Cuban party, and so they argue
that the public sentiment in the
western provinces will soon
be overwhelmingly opposed to
Gomez.
chief quartermaster of the Second
Corps, has been ordered to Philadelphia
by Major General Graham to aid the
peace Jubilee commission in arranging
for the care of the troops to be sent
from Camp Moade. General Graham
has directed the three division comman
ders to select a battalion from each
reeiment In 'heir command to take part
in the jubilee procession, in addition to
the Eighth, Thirteenth, Fourteenth and
Fifteenth Pennsylvania Regiments. The
Ninth Ohio (colored) Battalion and the
signal and engineer corps companies
have also been ordered to Philadelphia
to participate in the festivities.
General Graham has ordered General
Young to proceed to Augusta; General
Otis to Summerville. S. C; General
Davis to Greenville, S. C; General Ran
dall to Athens, Ga., and Colonel Klrbv
of the Fourth Missouri to Spartans
burg, S. C, to establish camps for the
commands designated by the War De
partment in recent orders. These offi
cers will start from here to-morrow
with three members of their staff and
will return in time to accompany the
provisional division to Philadelphia.
Chief Quartermaster Howard has
been ordered to Augusta to establsh
corps headquarters.
General Graham has been directed by
Secretary Alger not to begin the move
ment south until hospitals have been
established In the proposed camps, and
there is no danger of an outbreak of
yellow fever. This order was received
to-day, and General Graham immedi
ately suspended preparations for the
movement, which was to have besrun
October 27. He says the Second Corps
will not be sent South until cold
weather sets in; that by the last of the
troops will hardly get away from here
before the middle of November.
Special orders were issued to-day
granting an honorable discharge to Ma
jor Jackson, chief sursreon at the Sec
ond Division Hospital, and detaling Ma
jor Joseph K. Weaver of Norristown as
his successor. Major Jackson has re
signed to accept the chair of surgery in
the University Medical College. Kan
sas City.
Two hospital cars filled with sick sol
diers were sent awa-*' this afternoon.
The Invalids were taken to Philadelphia
hospitals, which are now caring for
over 700 sick of the Second Corps.
THE FORTY-SEVENTH
LANDS AT SAN JUAN
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— The follow- j
ing dispatch was received at the War
I Department this evening:
SAN JUAN, Oct. 16.— Adjutant General,
! Washington: The Forty-seventh New
i York arrived at San Juan 6 p. m.
EDDY. Colonel.
It Is presumed by the War Depart-
I ment officials, inasmuch as nothing is
i said to the contrary, that the regiment |
i was permitted to land at San Juan. It j
i was feared that objection might be ;
: raised by the Spanish officials to the i
i landing of the regiment at San Juan !
: before formal possession was acceded ;
Ito the American forces on the 18th ]
; inst. The Forty-aeventh New York has j
; ths honor of being the first American
I organization to enter the capital of
1 Porto Rico.
General Brooke, chairman of the
Porto Rican Evacuation Commission j
i and In command of the American troops j
! on the island, is making arrangements j
i for the accommodation of the Americaji i
1 forces to be stationed at San Juan. The
! barracks formerly occupied by the.
I Spanish soldiers were found to be to
tally unfit for occupation by United
States troops. General Brooke is hav
ing them remodeled, adding officers'
quarters and otherwise placing them In
a habitable condition.
MUST ERADICATE
THE YELLOW FEVER
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 16.— Orders
were received at Camp Hamilton to
day Instructing that no regiment be
sent until the yellow fever Is entirely
eradicated. This is thought to be fav
orable for a permanent camp at this
city. Lieutenant Colonel Wlthrow.
Tenth Immuncs, received advices from
Washington to-day that the sensational
charges brought against him had been
found to be groundless.
BABES WITNESS A SUICIDE.
Omaha Woman Ends Her Life in the
Presence of Her Children.
OMAHA. Oct. 16.— Mrs. Hattie Steele,
wife of William F. Steele, committed sui
cide under the most distressing conditions
at her home here to-night. Her husband
had called to arrange final details for
their permanent separation. While they
wire discussing the future of the children,
Mrs. Steele suddenly arose and in the
presence of her husband and two little
boys, placed a pistol to her head and fired.
The bullet was extracted, but the sur
geons say there is no possible hope of her
recovery.
Fifth Illinois Mustered Out
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Oct. 16.— The Fifth
Illinois Volunteers were mustered out of
the service to-day br Captain Wain
wright of the First United States Cav
alry and paid off by Ma.lor Qillom. Lieu
tenant Colonel Wells was presented with
a sword by the officers and men of the
regiment.
INDEPENDENCE
THEIR DEMAND
Cuban Soldiers to Op
pose Other Solutions.
FOUGHT LONG FOR FREEDOM
THREE YEARS THEY STRUG
GLED AND SUFFERED.
At Last the Plan of Every Fortifica
tion on the Island Has Been
Turned Over to American
Commissioners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA (via Key West), Oct. 16.—
That the condition of the Cubans is not
so desperate or black as is painted, out
side the fact that they are short of ra
tions, is confirmed by Colonel Kowan
and Lieutenant Parker, who, after
crossing the island five times, covering
one hundred miles and visiting every
insurgent camp in the island, report
that the men in the camps are efficient,
well disciplined and officered by men of
a high order of Intelligence and educa
tion. From these men, who have strug
gled and suffered for three long years
for their ideal of freedom, resistance is
to be feared to any solution of the prob
lem not having for its basis independ
ence.
Drs. Lane and O'Reilly have made a
i report to the surgeon general insisting
, on the immediate establishment of an
American fever hospital here. The ex
isting hospitals do not isolate yellow
fever patients, and the result is that if
a person suffering from another com
plaint is removed to the hospital he
runs the risk of contracting the fever.
: This was the case with Stenographer
Dalbey of the American Evacuation
Commission, who is suffering from ma
i larial fever. His next-door neighbor is
ill with a fever of a different character.
Colonel Clous has received a plan of
every fortification on the island, each
one signed personally by General
Blanco. These plans had been re
quested by our commissioners ever
since their arrival, but were not deliv
ered until yesterday.
The transportation commission has
! begun work upon the plans for the cx
i tension of the railroad to the camp at
\ Guanabacca, which will be the first to
be got ready. They have asked for bids
and laborers are being employed to
push the work actively.
Colonel Waring has found Havana
: dirtier than he anticipated. He says it
will be necessary to tear open the
streets and lay drainage pipes and sew
j ers. He sees no reason to fear an epi
demic, as there was no spread of dis
ease when the streets were opened re
: cently to lay water pipes. He is satls
i fled with the excellence of Havana's
'. water supply. Industry and commerce
: continue at a standstill.
Many planters and merchants who
i recently returned here, anticipating an
j early resumption of business, are going
i abroad again to wait until affairs are
settled in Cuba, as they do not dare to
, embark in business ventures or risk a
cent in the present unsatisfactory and
: Indefinite condition of political affairs
ion the island. In the meantime the
country daily grows poorer. The sugar
1 and tobacco crops are unsown.
ALL IS QUIET AT VIBJDEN.
Troops Will Continue to Guard the
Mining Town.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., Oct. 16.— Colonel
Young of the First Illinois Cavalry, com
manding the troops at Vlrden. was In
Springfield to-day and reported to Ad
jutant General Recce that all was quiet
there and that he did not fear any more
trouble. Battery B, under Captain Craig,
remains at Virden, arid Adjutant General
Recce says he will not order It away for
a few days yet.
Mrs. Belmont's Remains Arrive.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16 —The remains of
Mrs. Bessie Hamilton Morgan Belmont.
wife of August Belmont, the banker, ar
rived In this city on the Cunarder Um
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____ ___~^— -
► ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦*♦♦♦♦♦*♦ «><S><S>.»<s><s>s><s><S><S><B><B><3><S><s>O<®><s><& <3><B><e><B><»<S><s><3><s>s><s>^<3><»^ < $ > <$ >< B><3>8 >< 3> ♦^^♦♦^^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦<
t ■
A positive guarantee with every- :^^^t^ '^^^^^^W^^l^=s^^ thma" only can we show you -every-
thingwe sell Your money back /^ Hi;^^^^^^^P ric C onihe Pacific Coast
\ i \ MS ■ & ■ w ii 1 k n I x ]sbV\
Iw'llfl 'I ± ' £ •*■*% /T^ FS. W f'r"
Special Sale; of '.jp.. ■■^■^R^"^» !■;! i; Ji^^^^Zl S P ecial sale of QCr
50c Neckties,. OdQ % AeeK^ j ■< J X^J^^ $1.50 Fedoras 7«Jt(
S. N. WOOD & CO.;
Vl3 TVlarket Street, San Francisco.
WILL VOTE ON
CONSTITUTIONAL
CONVENTION.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 16—Sec
retary of State Brown has an
nounced that the proposition for
and against the constitutional
convention will be placed on the
ticket, and it appears on the cer
tified proclamation and sample
ballot he has mailed to each
County Clerk.
bria to-day and were taken to the Bel
mont residence on Madison avenue. The
body, which was encased in a heavy
oaken casket, was accompanied across the
ocean by August Belmont, his son, August
Belmont Jr., Edward Morgan, brother of
Mrs. Belmont, and the Countess Maccioli.
COOPER WINS THE MILE
EVENT AT ST. LOUIS
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16.— T0-day was perfect
for the closing events of the bicycle races,
but only a small crowd attended. There
were three professional events. Tom
Cooper won the one mile open, flying
start, but failed to qualify in the lap
race, after having equaled Monroe's time
in his trial. The multicycle handicap
coused more enthusiasm il«n any other
event on the card. Summary:
Final heat, one mile open, professional, flying
start— Tom Cooper won, J. S. Fisher second,
J S. Johnson third. Time. 1:88 3-5.
Final, one lap, flying start, professional— J.
S. Fisher won, J. S. Johnson second, Ben Mon
roe third. Time. :23 2-5.
Multicycle handicap, two miles— Bowler, Mc-
Carthy and Fisher (scratch) won, Tom Cooper
and Jack Coburn second, Dr. Brown and Terrlll
third. Time, 3:53.
FLAHERTY'S CHALLENGE.
Disputes Tommy White's Right to
the 126-Pound Championship.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.— Martin Flaherty,
the Lowell, Mass., featherweißht pugilist,
is out with a challenge to meet any man
in the world from 126 to 130 pounds,
Tommy White of Chicago preferred.
Flaherty's manager, Charles J. Har
vey of this city, says that his man dis
putes Tommy White's right to the 126
pound championship on the strength of
his defeat of Danny Mcßride at Coney
Island two weoks ago. He says that
Flaherty has beaten Mcßride twice ate
that weight and also won from Larry
Burns of Conors. With these victories,
as well as a decision over Frank Erne
and "draws" with Spike Sulivan and
Jack Downey, to his credit, Harvey
claims that White must meet the lad
from Lowell before the championship at
12G pounds can be positively decided.
Record for Long-Distance Throw.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 16.— At a ben
efit game tendered to the Louisville league
players to-day, Hans Wagner, the Col
onel's first baseman, beat the long dis
tance throwing record made by John Hat
fifld in 1572 by one yard and ont-ha'f
inch. Wagner throw the ball 134 yards,
one foot and eight inches. Twenty-six
years ago, Hatfleld. then a member of the
Mutuals, made a world's record of 133
yards, one font, ~l x k inches at the Union
grounds, Brooklyn.
Champions Beat the Orioles.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Champions beat
the Orioles in a grame at Weehawken, N. J..
this afternoon. The game was well contested
and 2000 people were present. Score:
Clubs— V. . R- H. E.
Boston * I 3
Baltimore .' ' 7 4
Batteries— Nichols and Berßen and Willis and
Casey; Hughes, N'ops and Clark.
Football-Player Injured.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 16.— Butte and
Deadwood played football to-day, each
scoring a touchdown and the game ending
In a tie. During the game Mahonoy, left
halfback for Butte. got under the pile in
a mix-up. He appeared to suffer no se
rious Inconvenience at the time, but to
night he became unconscious and was
tnkvn to the hospital. He has co;icussion
of the brain and the chances for recovery
are slim.
TRANSFER OF BREWERIES
English Syndicate to Purchase Those
at Cincinnati.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 16.— The prospects
are that the big deal whereby an English
syndicate is to secure through purchase
possession of the Cincinnati breweries
■will lie completed some time during the
present week. All of the preliminaries
have been arranged, but there is yet some
difference between the syndicate and the
Lion and Herancourt breweries. It is under
stood that the difference is In regard to
the price, but It will be adjusted satisfac
torily before many days have elapsed.
/t»A Qm Children's serviceable suits
\ / XX for this price, and with the
<|/£rf«UtU assurance that they will
wear, ought readily commend them-
selves to mothers. These are double-
breasted reefers, with large sailor collars
trimmed with soutache braid. All wool,
in latest effects of brown, plaids and
stripes. Made with great care in our
own factory. Ages 4to 8 years.
/n/B Qm For the larger boys, Bto
\/ XX 14 years, we offer double-
t|/M*UC/« feasted coats with rolling
collars. Exceedingly handsome suits
these are, and with wearing qualities
akin to iron. Worth and sold for $5
and $6 at other stores.
/ m A very popular garment kept
ft tC ky us ' s our 65-cent knee
"fcJV* pants. Made from pieces
and odds and ends in our factory.
Much better cloth than is usually put
into knee pants.
MORE MEN FOR
AMERICAN NAVY
Long- Will Advocate an
Increase.
OFFICERS AND MEN NEEDED
SKELETON CREWS FOR SHIPS
NOT IN SERVICE.
Melville's Recommendation That New
Vessels Be Built in Classes Is
Approved by the
Secretary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The Washlne
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: In his forthcoming annual re
port Secretary Long proposes to adopt
the recommendation of Captain A. S.
Crowninshield, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, for an Increase of the force
of enlisted men. The Secretary also will
strongly urge the passage of the Roose
velt personnel bill, which will Increase
the number of engineer and line offi
cers to the number demanded by the
needs of the service.
It was reported yesterday that Com
modore Higginson, chief of the Light
house Board, had been instructed to
prepare recommendations as to the
naval policy which should be followed
by the United States. The Secretary
told me there was no truth in the re
port. The need of a recognized policy
Is appreciated by Mr. Long, and he has
been carefully reading papers dealing
with the policies of European govern
ments. It is expected that he will en
unciate such a policy for the United
States in his report.
Captain Crowninshleld's recommen
dation regarding enlisted men provides
that the number shall be increased to
20,000 men and 2500 apprentices.
Secretary Long proposes as soon as
the treaty of peace is ratified to lay
up some of the armored vessels In re
serve in order to reduce expenses.
When this Is done a skeleton crew will
have to be maintained on each shic
and to supply all of the vessels it will
be necessary to get authority from Con
gress to enlist more men.
Besides urging the passage of the per
sonnel bill, the Secretary proposes to
better the condition of the enlisted men
of the engineering branch of the ser
vice if it is possible to do so.
He will also approve the recommen
dation of Engineer-in-Chief Melville
that vessels be built in classes. The
engineer-in-chief believes that the
highest efficiency would be secured by
building our ships as far as possible in
classes and making them alike in every
particular, so that men trained on one
ship would feel equally at home and
be as efficient on five or six others of
the same class.
CUSTOMS AUTHORITIES
SEIZE SPANISH FLAG
Captured Emblem Sent by Olympia's
Men Is Held in San
Francisco.
TACOMA, Oct. 16.— Somewhere about
the San Francisco Custom House lies a
flag which was sent from Manila to H.
H. Malstrom of Tacoma, to be delivered
to the people of Olympia. The crew of
the flagship Olympia captured the em
blem ar.d decided to present it to the
city for which the ship was named.
Thomas Toohey of Tacoma was intrusted
with the arrangements. He sent it to
America by James Cullin, a passenger on
the City of Sydney. The San Francisco
customs authorities seized the emblem,
and according to advices received here
are about to send it to Mare Island. Mal
<strom is corresponding with the crew of
the flagship and the San Francisco of
ficials but for some reason has neglected
to" notify the Olympia of their side
tracked gift.
Greater New York's Registration.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The total regis
tration In Greater New York for the first
two days Is 305,609. For Manhattan and
the Bronx and Brooklyn the registration
is 1033 larger than on the first two days
of last year.
aa Qm The unequaled value of the
nil Mi year is this line of men's
fJpyJ9\JU» moderate - priced suits.
Splendid business clothes, fitting as
though tailor-made, and showing many
new styles in not only solid colors but in
novelty checks and plaids. All wool
and most carefully made.
/t»| / m For this sum we can of-
\j/ 0 I fer something very at-
f\)KU%\JU» tractive in men's dress
suits. The style and general appear-
ance of these garments tell of the won-
derful success achieved .by our ready-
made clothes. We have in this line a
great variety of many new patterns in
cassimeres, cheviots and worsteds.
•' ■ "
(I*o 0C This mone y will . provide
\f% ill you with a distinctively
V^ #^^ a stylish winter overcoat.
They're just right as to length and fit
and they're made with every attention to
detail. Perfect finishings and beautiful
linings. Most stylish shades of covert
cloth, kersey and cassimere.
CHANGE IN THE
MAP OF ALASKA
Territory Larger Than
Was Supposed.
DISCOVERY BY SURVEYORS
EXISTING CHARTS FOUND TO
BE IN ERROR.
Yukon's Mouth Further Westward
Than Heretofore Shown and
Land Area 2500 Square
Miles Greater.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
SEATTLE, Oct 16.— The United
States coast survey party under Cap
tain J. F. Pratt, which has returned to
Seattle on the guboat Y/heeling. after
having spent the summer in making
surveys of the mouth, or rather mouths,
of the Yukon, made the discovery that
Alaska is larger by 2500 square miJes
than was formerly supposed. The delta
of the river extends much further out
Into Bering Sea than Is shown on the
existing charts. Cantain Pratt, under
orders from the Treasury Department,
to-night will open offices in Seattle and
spend the winter here with several as
sistants in writing up the notes of the
expedition, and incidentally of former
surveys of the northwest coast. This
city will thus become the North Paci
fic C >ast headquarter- of the United
States Coast and Geodetic Survey. Cap
tain Pratt's party consisted of himself
and forty-two men and officers.
The survey has determined that one
of the mouths of the Yukon River — the
Kusilvac. or couth mouth — Is twenty
five miles further out, and the Aphson,
or north mouth, nine miles further out
in the ocean than is shown on the pres
ent charts. The extension of the mouth
of the river with that of the adjoining
coast makes Alaska 2500 square miles
larger than it was previously siiDDOsed
to be. The information will be of great
value to mariners frequenting that nart
of the Berin" Sea.
LIBERIA ASKS FOR
AMERICAN PROTECTION
Little African Republic Sends a Rep-
resentative to the Washing
ton Government.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 16.— Bishop Joseph
C. Hartsell of the Methodist Eptsconal
Church, whose bishopric is in Africa, and
who is attending the meeting of the Phi
Del Gammi fraternity in this city, stated
to-night that he had been commanded by
the negro republic of Liberia to go to
Washington and ask that the republic oe
taken under the sheltering wing of the
United States. Threatened inroads upon
its territory by the Germans, French and
English have prompted the Government to
seek the shadow of the stars and stripes.
"I am on my way to see Secretary
Hay," he said, "as the special representa
tive of the republic of Liberia to secure
a protectorate, either quasi or actual.
What they want America to do is to say
to the European powers in Africa, 'We
have an interest in Liberia; this country
belongs to us.' Whether an actual pro
tectorate can be established or not will
depend upon how far the Liberian Govern
ment is willing to go, assuming that the
United States answers favorably."
YELLOW FEVER CASES.
Official Beports From Infected
Southern Districts.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— The Marine
Hospital Service to-nlgrht received the
following report from the yellow fever
districts:
Ridgeland, Miss.— One new case.
Hattlesburg, Miss.— Four new cases.
Oxford, Miss.— Two new cases.
Natchez. Miss.— Three new cases.
Queen Hill, Miss.— One new case; one
death.
Taylors, Miss.— One new case
A dispatch from Jackson, Miss., dated
yesterday and received to-day, stated
that there were seven new cases.
Actor Henley Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— E. J. Henley, tha
well-known actor and husband of Helen
Bertram, the opera singer, died this after
noon of consumption of the throat.
jpffjjt hi - &k
34
Monday October 17,-^B9B
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, P[°P"etor.
Address All Communication^Jo^J^JLjiA^
£u~BLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
*THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month !
66 cents.
WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150 (
(OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
>JEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building j
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (d. cj office Ri«u« Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building '
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until j
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- ;
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana ;
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUS EM ENTA
Baldwin— "L<ove in Harness."
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
Alcazar— "The Wife."
' Morosco's— "Straight From the Heart."
Tivoll— "The Circus Queen."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Stewart, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Masquerade Ball, Saturday, October 22.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Roeenthal— Coming in February.
Sherman & Clay Hall— Heinrich Recital Tuesday
Evening. .^_^^__^^^_
AUCTION SALES.
By O. H. Umbsen & Co.— This day. October 17, Real Estate
6t 14 Montgomery street, at 1. o'clock.
THE COMMERCIAL FIELD.
TRADE conditions are rather disappointing this
fall. The markets seem to lack life, and yet the
bank clearings of the country are 6 per cent
larger than at the same time last year, when busi
ness was reported. This paradox is a puzzle to the
mercantile community all over the United States.
If there were any decrease in the volume of trade the
bank clearings would certainly show it in reduced
totals, whereas they are larger. And yet it is the gen
eral consensus of opinion that business is not up to
what was expected along in the summer.
Theories as to this peculiar state of affairs are as
thick as leaves in Vallambrosa. One is the pro
tracted warm weather in the East, which has extended
into October, and which restricts the demand for
goods. Another is the absence of speculative spirit.
Still another is the recent threatened stringency in
the money market, but as this condition has passed
and the market has eased off again, it is not to be
entertained. Possibly the impending elections have
a good deal to do with it. for there is nothing that
will deaden trade quicker than an average election.
But. whatever the cause, business is undeniably quiet,
and this in the face of circumstances which ought to
produce activity in commerce. Money is easy and
plentiful, the balance of trade is vastly in favor of the
United States, gold is coming in from Europe, the
demand for wheat has lately been increasing with an
accompanying rise in the price, the crop outlook is
fine, the railway earnings are larger than at this time
last year, the country has just emerged from a suc
cessful foreign war, which has added to our territory
rich foreign possessions at a cost which certainly is
not large — and still trade is quiet. The oldest and
longest heads in the business do not understand it.
There is occasionally a comical side to trade, and
one of them has just been presented by the weekly
review of R. G. Dun & Co., which gravely accounts
for the apathetic condition of business by saying that
"there is a great change, and perhaps a permanent
one, in the percentage of profits derivable from the
trade and manufacture, as well as in the profits ob
tainable by transporters. Progressive civilization
calls for a lower range of profits and of prices as
the volume of business transacted increases in order
to make possible improvements in the condition of
the working millions."
Just how narrow margins of profits are to bestow
such important benefits on "progressive civilization"
is a problem worthy of the profoundest consideration
of the gods. It has hitherto been the general belief that
the more money everybody makes the better off
everybody is — but the world may have been in error
en this point.
The staples show no particular change from pre
vious conditions, aside from the improvement in
wheat already noted. Wool is still very dull, and
prices are 10 per cent below those of last winter, and
it is thought they must decline more yet before the
manufacturer can increase the output. Cotton rules
very dull and weak, at the lowest quotations for fifty
years. Leather is inactive, and so low in comparison
with the price of hides, that the leather trust is talk
ing about closing down a number of Eastern tan
neries, and this has a depressing effect on the hide
trade. The iron trade keeps up its fine record with
out difficulty, orders being heavy and the mills run
ning to full capacity to fill them. The failures for
the week were 205, against 223 in the same week of
last year, and most of them were unimportant.
Local conditions are about the same as previously
reported. There is a fair trade in general merchan
dise and quotations do not fluctuate much. Provi
sions have declined and the market is quoted dull.
Dried fruits, which are the important product at this
season of the year, are disappointingly quiet, there
being no Eastern demand of any consequence, and
several of the more prominent kinds, such as prunes
and peaches, have declined during the past fortnight.
Wine and grapes rule firm, and the latter are bring
ing good returns to the growers. Wool continues ut
terly neglected. Hops are firm and selling well at
satisfactory prices. The demand for canned fruit
has been good all the season -and quotations are
above the average of recent years. Grain continues
to move off fairly at profitable prices, though there
is no activity. The State on the whole is in sound
condition, and there are few complaints from any
quarter. Money is plentiful, and the bankers say
they have rather more than they can lend to advan
tage, which is by no means a bad sign. With a
good rainfall this winter California will come to the
front again next year in the old-time way, there be
ing no drawbacks in sight at the moment.
The arrest of a lot of anarchists charged with in
tent to kill the Kaiser is much more satisfactory now
than it would have been had they succeeded. There
is not universal admiration for the Kaiser, but no
reason has appeared why plotters against his life
should not be promptly hanged
MOGUIRE AND THE FUNDING BILL.
ON his return home, and frequently since, Judge
Maguire has referred to the amendment to
the general dehciency bill, by which the debt
of the Central Pacilic Railroad to the Government is
finally disposed of.
He attacked his colleagues, Loud and Barham,
on that subject, and said that but for them the fund
ing amendment would have been beaten in the
House.
In the speeches and interviews of Loud and Bar
ham the facts as to the origin and passage of the
funding amendment have come to light, and they re
veal a curious and interesting history.
It was prepared by Senators Morgan and White,
and was intended by those gentlemen to be a Con
gressional finality upon that subject. In its prepara
tion these Senators held conferences, at which Cali
fornia members of the House were present. White
and Morgan sought and had conferences with Judge
Maguire on the amendment, and neither they nor his
colleagues in the House had from him any other im
pression than that he agreed with White and Mor
gan. The amendment originally extended the ma
turity of the debt for twenty years. To answer some
scruples on the part of Senators, White reduced this
to ten years. When it had been perfected by White
and Morgan in these conferences, it was turned over
to Senator Gear of lowa, chairman of the Committee
on the Pacific Roads, and was by him offered as an
amendment to the general deficiency bill. Now, un
der the rules of the Senate and House, no general
legislation can go as a rider on an appropriation bill
if any one member object to it. This amendment was
general legislation. A single objection in either
House would kill it. When it was offered by Gear
Senator Hale of Maine objected. That would kill it.
Senator White rose and said: "Mr. President, I
hope the Senator will withdraw his point of order,
for I can assure him that there will be no objection
made to it (the amendment), and that there will be
no debate upon it."
Senator Hale replied: "IF THE SENATOR
FROM CALIFORNIA WHO HAS IN DAYS
GONE BY OPPOSED MEASURES SIMILAR
IN CHARACTER TO THIS AMENDMENT AS
SURES ME THERE WILL BE NO OBJEC
TION AND NO DEBATE I WILL WITHDRAW
THE POINT OF ORDER," and it was withdrawn,
and the amendment was adopted by the unanimous
vote of the Senate. •
When the bill went to the House with this
amendment as part of it, Mr. Barham, who was op
posed to it on the ground of insufficient protection
to the Government, proposed an amendment to it,
which thoroughly protected every equity of the
United States. This raised the whole subject origin
ally in the House. It was again where a single ob
jection would kill it forever. Maguire made a long
speech against the amendment. He began that
speech by saying: "The incorporation of this Paci
fic railroad amendment in the general deficiency bill
is one of the most extraordinary proceedings within
my recollection or knowledge of Congressional ac
tion. Here is a measure delegating to a commission
of three public officers power and authority to do,
with respect to the Central and Western Pacific
roads, what the Congress of the United States upon
full debate and full consideration has twice by over
whelming majorities refused to do. It is brought up
for consideration in the House of Representatives as
part of a bill in which it could not have been incor
porated originally under the rules of the House, al
though the fact that it was made part of the bill by
the Senate makes it, by courtesy, superior to objec
tion at the present time."
This was not a truthful statement. It was artfully
inserted to make it appear that he could not stop
the bill by objection. Everything in the two houses
of Congress goes by rule, and not by courtesy. An
appropriation bill containing general legislation can
be stopped in either House, after passing the other,
by the single objection which Maguire could have
made, and did'not.
Continuing his speech, he entered upon a general
discussion of the history of the Central Pacific road,
in which he charged Stanford, Huntington, Crocker
and Hopkins with "gigantic frauds," and said:
"There is a principle in equity, as between man and
man, under which trustees who have fraudulently
diverted assets upon which the lien of a creditor
rests can be compelled to disgorge all money and
property and the proceeds of all property fraudulently
taken from the trust fund or trust estate through
contracts made with themselves, by which, without
right, without justice, without substantial claim,
they have enriched themselves at the expense of their
beneficiaries." He then charged that Stanford, Hun
tington and Crocker had fraudulently diverted to
themselves $80,000,000, and continued: "Whether
the Central Pacific road shall or shall not pay its
debt to the Government will be determined only upon
the sale of its present property under foreclosure. If
the foreclosure sale shall fail to produce an amount
sufficient to pay the claim of the Government, I have
no hesitation in saying that the Government has a
right of action against the living directors and
against the property left by the dead. In this discus
sion of a former funding bill it was suggested that as
Senator Stanford had devoted his fortune, however
acquired, to a quasi-public use in the establishment
of a university in California, it would be against pub
lic policy to disturb it. There is force in the sugges
tion, but it has no relevancy in a funding bill. What
Congress should do if in the collection of its
claims the Stanford University were likely to be
crippled or closed, I am not prepared to say. This
fight of the Government, now hardly subject to ques
tion, will be waived and lost forever by refunding,
because it is collateral to the claims of the Govern
ment as they now exist, and will not attach to the new
obligations created by refunding."
Here, then, we had a charge of fraud against Hun
tington, Crocker, Hopkins and Stanford. The charge
that the endowment of Stanford University was the
fruit of crime and fraud committed by Stanford. And
the charge that the Government would under the
White-Morgan amendment lose its right to seize the
Stanford University. At that point Mr. Barham of
fered his amendment to the funding amendment re
serving to the Government these equities, claims and
the right to seize Stanford University, and making
all these claims, based on Maguire's charge that
Stanford was guilty of fraud, collateral to the new
claims of the Government to be created by the White-
Morgan amendment. This was adopted by the
House, by Maguire's assent, when his objection
would have killed it, and the bill then passed, when
his objection would have killed it. The question of
the stability of Stanford University is again put in
the air by Maguire's charge that it is the fruit of
fraud, though he forgot to mention that to the Stan
ford students.
Now, to retrace a little. In the Democratic platform
the acts of Senator White are indorsed. In the Dem
ocratic convention Senator White seconded Ma
guire's nomination. Yet Magui- 1 is touring the
State asking Republicans to vote for him because
Congress passed this funding amendment, of which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
White was a joint author and for which he voted in
the Senate!
These are the cold facts, and if their existence is
consistent with Maguire's honesty or with the sincerity
of the parties which are supporting him, the old ideas
of honesty and sincerity must be revised.
WrifH" DOES THIS MEON ?
REPORTS of the proceedings of the recent
Democratic State Convention in New York
have roused the Louisville Courier-Journal to
a double-leaded, double-columned editorial almost
hysterical in its earnestness. The convention, says
the Courier-Journal, made its greatest demonstration
upon the mention of the name of William Jennings
Bryan, and yet refused to listen to the Chicago plat
form. "It rejected free silver by an overwhelming
majority. What does this mean?"
The Courier-Journal proceeds to say that the ap
plause of Bryan and the rejection of free silver
"means several things"; an assertion sufficiently as
tonishing, for on the face of the showing it appears
such self-evident contradictions could mean nothing
beyond the fact that Democrats are doing politics
this fall in a very meaningless way. However, the
Kentucky authority goes on to say:
"It means that sensible Democrats want to win
actual battles instead of sacrificing the party and
themselves upon the altars of a barren ideality. It
means that national Democratic victories can be won
only on Democratic lines." Then it goes on to add:
"To do this it must fly a banner bearing no such
illusory motto as 'Free silver at the ratio of 16 to I,'
and that other snare, dear alone to extremists and im
practicables, 'Down with government by injunction,'
but carrying upon its ample folds as it floats over a
restored Democracy these inspiring words, 'The le
gions of Jefferson and Jackson against the janizaries
of McKinley, Alger and Hanna!' "
Admitting that a banner with such an inscrip
tion would be inspiring, we fear it would itself re
quire an explanation. The country would continue
to ask, '.'What does this mean?" It would be easier for
the average man to decide what the New York
Democrats meant by shouting for Bryan while howl
ing down his platform than to guess at what the pro
posed war cry signifies.
Fortunately, the Courier-Journal goes on to ex
plain its explanation. It says there is but one man
who can save Democracy in 1900; that man is
Bryan. There is but one way in which Mr. Bryan
can save Democracy; that is by declining to run for
the Presidency.
The Courier-Journal reminds Mr. Bryan that he is
not now the captivating figure he was when he was a
novelty. As it says, in its beautiful, mellow, Ken
tucky style: "The bloom is worn away, the romance
of adventure and the beauty of youth quite van
ished. The time may come, indeed, when, sitting
among the ruins of his party and surveying the
wreck of his own ambition?;, this honest and ardent
gentleman may, if he wantonly pursues the ignis
fatuus of the White House, have reason to lament his
mistake, and in bitterness of grief exclaim —
— 'the tender grace of a day that is dead
Will never come back to me.' "
So the Kentucky guardian of pure Democracy
would have Mr. Bryan retire from the field. It as
sures him that if he cannot be President he can be a
maker of Presidents, and says: "The name of
Warwick echoes down the ages, whilst the pigmies
of York and of Lancaster, whom Warwick made and
unmade, are forgotten." It holds out to the boy
orator this high hope: "He may be the founder of a
new Democratic dynasty, taking up the line in 1901,
as Jefferson took it up in 1801, and conducting the
country through another century of constitutional
government and national development and glory un
der Democratic leadership."
And once more the country asks, "What does this
mean?"
rOR the office of City and County Surveyor the
Republicans have renominated the incumbent,
Charles S. Tilton, thereby giving the people an
opportunity to retain in office one' of the best officials
San Francisco has ever had. Of this opportunity
men who desire an efficient administration of the
Surveyor's office will avail themselves without re
gard to party lines, although Mr. Tilton's stanch Re
publicanism will be another argument why all loyal
members of that party should not only vote for him
but work for him.
Mr. Tilton came to San Francisco in his boyhood
and was educated at our public schools, graduating
from the High School. He served for a long period
as a clerk in the office of the City and County Sur
veyor, and was for a considerable time chief deputy
of the office before he became a candidate for elec
tion. He had thus made himself perfectly familiar
with the duties of the position before he aspired to
fill it, and as a consequence from the very beginning
his administration was one of complete success in
every respect.
At the present time Mr. Tilton knows every line
of our city and county survey by heart. No other
man could attend to the duties of the office with half
his efficiency, no matter how earnestly he might at
tempt it, for no other has that thorough knowledge
of the subject which Mr. Tilton possesses.
It will be recognized by all intelligent citizens that
this special store of information concerning the work
required of the incumbent of the office is a matter of
prime importance to the Surveyor. It is also of im
portance to the community. Bungling work, whether
due to carelessness, incompetence or ignorance,
would cost the city dearly in the Surveyor's office.
During the long time in which Mr. Tilton has
been identified with the work of the city "and county
surveys there has never been a scandal connected with
his name or his acts. He has not only been capable
of good work, but he has been faithful in the per
formance of it. He is known to the people. They
have seen him tested in private and in public life, and
they know him to be thoroughly reliable. In times
past the community has shown its confidence in him
by repeated re-elections, and it cannot be doubted the
same confidence will be displayed again in the
same way this year.
F. K. Lane announced in a political speech that he
believed in bosses, a circumstance making his posi
tion so clear that he did not need to take the trouble
to effusively indorse Phelan.
The trial of the Neads, husband and wife, has dem
onstrated so far that there are a lot of courtroom
loafers almost as objectionable as the pair will be
even if proved guilty.
It is too bad that Dr. Ragan should once more
have directed attention to the fact that there is some
thing rotten in the School Board, and that he is in
the midst of it.
"Are you for honesty or corruption?" asks the Ex
aminer. As the public seems to be opposing all the
Examiner advocates, it may properly answer that it
is for honesty.
CHARLES S. TILTON.
DAY BY DAY IN MANILA.
A Visitor Makes a Fruitless Search for Filipina
Beauties He Had Read of.
THE CALL'S Washington correspondent, C. C. Carlton, journeyed to Manila
via the Suez Canal, and below are given his observations concerning the islands
and the people, with especial reference to the city of Manila.
Time was when circumnavigation of the globe was considered a remark
able if not marvelous accomplishment, and the returned voyager felt
justified in printing a magazine story of his travels, invariably introduced
by that hackneyed Shakespearean quotation, "I'll put a girdle round the
earth," but in these days of fast-stoaming by land and sea such a trip is by
no means uncommon. Therefore I shall not attempt a letter descriptive of
scenery, etc., but will devote my attention to the Philippines and the man-
and customs of the peoples
■vho inhabit them.
I Six weeks out of New York and
one American flag visible, save
Bine which floated from the consul-
R.te in Paris.
I We longed for a sight of the flag
Rr something that was genuinely
Knrl truly American. On the morn-
Hngof September 1 we sighted Hong
■iong and soon were steaming up
■he harbor.
I From the Englishmen who crowded
■he decks of the vessel (for this was
Rin English ship) suddenly came an
Reclamation of delight, "There they
R.r^! There are our good friends,
Hhe Yankees!" And behold! riding
Rt anchor, gracefully, were the
Rlympia, Raleigh and' Concord, with
Rt;irry flags fluttering from their
■peaks! It sent a thrill through
R>very fiber when we few Americans
Riewed for the flrst time these naval
Rieroes— our own men-of-war, with
Rur own naval officers on the decks,
us welcome!
And those Englishmen on our ship! England may be a mercenary na
tion; she may have seliish ends to subserve in extending the glad nana 10
America, but if I ever saw genuine pleasure expressed in a countenance it
was portrayed in the animated faces of our English fellow-passengers when
they beheld the warships of their allies and cousins.
And now for Manila! By the courtesy of Consul General Wildman, Cap
tain J. B. Coghlan and the Raleigh's officers I was provided transportation
to Manila. We left the next day, and on the third day out sighted the
island of Luzon, a long line of hazy, purple mountains. Somehow or other
it seemed like home, or a glimpse of home, for these were our own, our
very own, islands, or soon would be.
In the evening we approached Corrigedor Island. Then rose the moon,
and laid on the placid sea a path of silvery light.
Not a sound was audible, save the throbbing of the Raleigh's engines
and the soft swish of the sea against her sides. Every man aboard the
Raleigh was in a reverie. They recalled that night in May when they
steamed silently through the channel; when not a man of them knew what
the morrow would bring forth, or whether indeed there would be another
sunrise lor tnem.
"How did you all feel?" I asked. The stillness of the night was broken
by a laugh from the Raleigh's officers.
"Our thoughts alternated between home, far away, and the Spaniards
bo near us," said one. "But not much time for reflection, for soon sparks
from the McCulloch's funnel betrayed our presence and then the fun
began."
It was something of a treat to hear the story of this naval battle re
lated by the Raleigh's officers as we steamed into Manila Bay. As we ap
proached Mania Admiral Dewey^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
signaled for us to come aloner^ide.B
and then to steam to Cavite at sun-H
rise. Not much to see that niKht.B
I hung over the rail gazing at theß
water as it softly lapped the sidesM
of the Raleigh. • ; .H
What would Manila be like?
At Cavite we anchored right inH
the midst of that naval -r;i\vvar'l.B
There within a stone's throw. iavH
the half sunken mass of rusty andß
twisted iron that was once f-all--1.8
proudly ( astilla, to the left theH
Relna Christina, then the 1'1i. .•!..■
Isla de LuzoiwindCubainidal^heH
I took a hammer and wrenr
and knocked oft* a few bolts an
nuts from the Castilla to brin
home as trophies. We crossed atrai
to Manila on a ferry boat ownec
and manned by Filipinos. Thes
were the first natives I had seen
certainly an unprepossessing lot t
men and women crowded togethe
"Perhaps these are not fair types o
th.- Filipinos." I thought but the
were. All Filipinos looked alike t
me, and indeed, they were alik
in facial and all physical character
istics, in manner and dress. I never saw people who looked more alike than
they, unless it he the Chinese. The male Filipino is below the average in
stature, sturdily but not grossly built, with skin darker than a Chinaman's,
of about the complexion of a Japanese. Their short clipped hair, too, was
very black, very bristly and stood on end, pompadour fashion. The Fil
ipinos' eyea do not giant Hut for this one might believe they were descend
ants of the Japs instead of the Malays, albeit the old fellows among them
speak the latter tongue as perfectly as Spanish.
I longed for a sight of those picturesque Filipina beauties that I had
read about. The papers and magazines had represented them as charm
ing, dusky damsels.
"They have a manner of walking on the forward part, cr ball of their
feet," said one story, " and this imparts to the body a graceful motion and
a most bewitching swing of the haunches."
I traveled through the streets of Manila for nine days, eagerly looking
for a female "type" that I might describe to my friends at home. Not one.
All as upiy as sin. I am ready to believe that the graceful and attractive
Filiplna is like the beautiful Indian maiden, who since tl.e death of Poca
hontas, is nowhere to be found out of Fenimore Cooper's novels. The Fili
pino girls wear a costume that is especially adapted for that climate. Those
who can afford it dross in thin, gauzy stuff, a diaphanous and iridescent
fabric woven from j=ilk and a mixture of the pineapple leaf. It is called
jusi, and yet another fabric is known as "Pinta cloth." The Filipina girls
W«ar their thick, black, glossy hair, done up in rolls, much like the Chinese
and Japanese women. On their fe<»t are wooden slippers which click, click,
click on the flagstones as they* trio along the street, sometimes with a basket
of something balanced on their heads, and again with a huge Manila cigar
between their lips, stained red with betel nut.
Two Filipina girls meet on the street, both bareheaded, as Filinlna girls
invariably are. One is puffing a big cigar. Girl number one says some
thing in Spanish to the other, who immediately removes the cigar from her
mouth, spits a stream of betel nut juice from between her lips, and hands
the cigar to her friend.
If I had been nei.r enough (and knew enough Spanish), doubtless I
should have heard this dialogue: "Senorita. give me a light, will you; how
is business? Are you going to take in the cock fight this evening?"
F«>r chicken-fighting, as everybody must know, has until recently been
the national sport of the Filipinos. At the Oriental Hotel I was endeavoring
to inquire, in the best Spanish I
could command, where and when I
could see a cock-fight.
"Guerrer gallo — guerrer gallo.
Donde? y cuando?" I asked.
A mite of a Filipina girl (about
20 years old or so, I should say)
tripped up smilingly and offered to
escort me to a coek-flght if I would
pay the way. I surveyed her care
fully and concluded that I didn't
care to see a cock-fight But I said
to her: "After a while; must go up
town now." Would you believe it?
"When I got back, three hours later,
the Filipina girl was waiting for
me. I told her I had learned uptown
that cock-fights had been prohibited
(which was the truth), and then
purchased my release by paying her
a peseta. And now of the town it
iJust a rambling, ramshackly old
ace, with one (and sometimes two)
oried houses, built of wood, with
d tile roofs. Frequently the en
re upper story of the dwelling
juses is a sort of bay window,
hat is to say, they would be bow
windows if they were not square. But they are, like those you have in
Pan Francisco. These windows extend across the entire front and are pro
vided with sliding shutters. Frequently these small wooden dwelling-houses
are vine-clad. There are trellises of morning gl<-ries— delicate tints of pink
and blue— and hollyhocks, too, on either side of the door. And what flowers
(except old-fashioned rpses, celebrated in verse by our Hoosier poet, James
Whitcomb Riley) are sweeter and wholesomer than morning glories? In
the yards I saw flaming red blossoms of the pomegranate — and pepper trees
— and palms. These flowers, plants and shrubs do much to redeem Manila
and render life tolerable if not pleasant to the visitor.
Manila is not a compactly built town. These little houses are separated,
and, in some parts erf town, isolated, one from the other; but this is in
the outlying districts, where, too, may be seen many houses constructed of
bamboo, thatched with palm or palmetto leaves. The "streets" of Manila's
outlying districts are nothing more than country lanes, bordered by palm
trees, pepper trees and pomeKranate, with here and there, in the grass, a pro
fusion of tiny pink and blue blossoms. In the outlying districts you have
fresher air, the flowers breathe a sweet perfume; but in Manila proper — that
is to say in the heart erf "Binondo," or in the "Intra-Mura" — one's nostrils are
greeted with all sorts of noisome whiffs — the most offensive Bmells that ever
offended a man's nose.
The suits of white worn s by the Filipinos brig-hten the streets, which or
dinarily are somber enough, for they are patrolled by our poorly olad private
soldiers— who act as policemen. Through the War Department's neglect or poor
administration they are clothed only inblue woolen shirts, woolen trousers,
coarse, heavy shoes and dilapidated broad-brimmed felt hats. "I am surprised,"
said an officer of the British Artillery who came over on the Raleigh especially to
see our soldiers, "that your Government should have provided her soldiers with a
dress so inappropriate to the torrid climate of Manila." So thought we all. and
wondered, too, why the poor fellows should be short of food (living on half ra
tions almost) when the holds, of transport steamers and the docks were loaded
down with boxes of provisions. a on d it
I saw but one line of streetc r ana «
had only one car (there may have been
more of them), and the motive Pow«'^
a poor, spavined, wind-broken old jade or
a horse. My car was stalled three times
in one block, so I.got off anclwalked.
The "karamata" is the chief means 01
passenger conveyance. wnll e lr * ma Hy
wheeled, low-axled .Wagons are drawn by
water buffalo and are used for express Age
and freight. The karamata is something
like a hansom cab, except very jnucn
smaller. It has a top or cover of leatner,
not as high as the hansom cab, nori" tne
bed of the vehicle so ; high i™ l * h J°g
ground. The driver does not sit on amß'i
perch behind you. but on a seat immedi
ately in front where he can obstruct jour
view and blow vile clouds of "gareiie
smoke back in your face. For all or tms
you pay him at the rate : of - about 1
peseta an hour (10 cents). — ; nn i\
Cigars are of all grades. They are gooa
and cheap. For $5 or $6 you can buy a box
of 100 cigars of the best brand (as good as
Havanas). This is equivalent to *2 oO or
$3 of our money. „,.•
American enterprise soon set up several
drinking saloons. The "Plon«er,* the
"Alhambra" and the -Palace" are places
frequented by our soldiers and citizens.
Curiously enough our own silver money
of the same weight and fineness as the
Spanish or Filipino money was w0
twice as much, and even the natives "were
becoming to appreciate tills fact.
There are four or five "palaces m
Manila. In the San Miguel district, a con
siderable distance from Binondo, is Ma.!?
canan Palace, and near it is the admiral s
palace. These, like the other palaces, are
handsomely furnished. Malacanan is the
headquarters and dwelling place of the
First California Regiment. The wi\es of
Spanish officers must have parted regret
fully from these beautiful dwellings. Tne>
are furnished with hardwood floors ._an
tique furniture, while handsome mirrors
and tapestry adorn the walls. In thegar
den are flowers of all hues extending to
the water's edge-for by these palaces
flows the barge-laden Pasig. - r-riinnel
In Manila I was the guest of Colonel
James F. Smith and his *ellow-offlce'b at
Malacanan Palace. They had no spare
bed, but rigged me up a kingly-couch in
the large and elegantly appointed dra.*
in f thin™' it was just before dawn that I
was awakened by the music of violin,
harp and flute. It proceeded from a barge
laden with pleasure-seekers, and as it
floated down the stream this sweet music
rose and fell in fitful spasms. It was in
that plaintive, melancholy strain which
the Spaniards love and which the Fi.i
ninos have adopted. Now the _wall of a
ability. c. C. CAKbiyf-
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The German second clas b f* tle p
Bayern of 7441 ton*;, built at Kiel Jn 1878
has been thoroughly refitted, and with
new bo iiers of the Durr type made IT
knTts on Sal. With the old boilers the
highest speed reachedjwas only 14 knots.
The three Brazilian torpedo cruisers
Tupy.' Timbera and Tanrayo. each of 1030
tons, which have just been completed at
KM Germany, will receive their bat
teries fro™Elswick. The Brazilians have
never had a high opinion of Krupp, ord
nance. : ' \
The machinery of the Russian battle
ship which was built in England has
finally been accepted. Th^hip passed
through her twelve hours' trial trip last
month, and although the weather waa
very rough the engines developed a mean
of 11,400 horsepower, 800 In excess of the
contract. _
Italy has taken warning from the bat
tle off Santiago and the use of wood on
board ships will be almost entirely dis
pensed with. ' . " .
The Russian Minister of Marine con
templates an exhibition in 1900 showing
the progress of warship building during
the century now closing.
The Navy League of London submitted
an offer to the British Admiralty tender
ing a prize of 20 guineas to the ship
which during the next six months should
make the best practice in prize firing.
The admiralty, through its secretary,
very curtly, replied that it was not pre
pared to accept the offer.
The Austrian -..torpedo feo^t. J3oa, _ built
by Yarrow, and very similar to the Viper,
has passed through a successful trial,
making 24.263 knots with 280 revolutions
and ISO pounds of steam. The boat is 152
feet 6 inches in length and 15 feet 3
inches in breadth, and has only one
screw. The coal capacity is sufficient for
1500 knots at 10 knots speed. The Viper
made 26.786 knots on trial, but carried a
load of only 26 tons, while the Boa carried
a load of .44 tons. .-.vi, ,"
The new fortifications of Port Arthur
are being built with great dispatch, and
upward of DOOO workmen are employed.
There are to be three forts, which aro
calculated to make the naval station safe
from any attack by land or sea. Fort No.
1 will be armed with eight 12-inch Carret
guns, which will have a range of thir
teen miles. This fort will also contain
sixteen 6-inch quick-firers, mounted in
steel casemates of 15 inches thickness in
front and 5 inches on the sides and roof.
Fort No. 2 will mount eleven 12-inch and
twenty-eight 6-inch guns in casemates.
Attached to these forts will be two tor
pedo stations to each, with three 18-lnch
tubes. Fort No. 3 mounts twelve 12-lnch
and fifty-two 6-inch guns, and contains
barracks for 6200 infantry and artillery
men.
In the British dockyard the Government
compensates employes who get hurt
while In the performance of duty. The
rate ranges from 24.60 to 6.60 of the man's
earnings, the highest being- paid to such
as are permanently disabled, and the
lowest rate to those slightly hurt. In ad
dition the workman receives the pension
to which he may be entitled from his
length of service, the highest sum total
being limited to $1500 a year, and in the
event of death through accident the rela
tives or dependents of the deceased re
ceive a round sum In pension and hurt
money. This is better treatment than the
employes in United States navy yards re
ceive. The unfortunate victim is bundled
off the yard and if the accident occurred
during the forenoon he receives only one
half a day's pay. About ten years ago
Captain Coghlan, then at Mare Island,
came near getting into difficulty because
he forgot (?) to dock the pay of two la
borers who were seriously injured while
docking a French ship-of-war. Two days
after the men had been sent over to Val
lejo on stretchers the eagle eye of an
ultra-honest official discovered that the
disabled men were still carried on the
muster roll, and Captain Coghlan received
a severe reprimand for his forgetfulnesa.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business house t and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
We have a beautiful assortment of new
lamps, pretty globes, stylish shades and
brass tables. Prices right. Santiorn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
The poet Southey tells of a Spaniard
i he had known who "always put on his
j spectacles when he was about to eat
I cherries, that they might look bigger
and more tempting."
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing SyruT."
Haa been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teethln* wits
perfect success. It soot r-, the child Joftens
the gum., allays Pain, cures Wind r-Atir ~Z
ulates the Bowels and la. the best ' remedr for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething op
other cauaes. For Bale by Druggists in everr
part of the world. Be sure and ask for m™
f WlnBl O Soothing SyrU p- 250 a botU«
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul
This car is nicely upholstered in leather
4 New ? antgomery etreet, San Fra a el*eo.FATHER OTIS
SPEAKS OF HIS
FUTURE WORK
A Prediction Which Is
Nearly Fulfilled.
CHINATOWN TO BE CLEANSED
THAT NEIGHBORHOOD WILL BE
IMPROVED.
Review of the Difficult Work of Clos
ing Objectionable Streets and
How It Was Accom
plished.
"Within ten years from the time we
took possession of St. Mary's Church, we
feel assured that the entire character of
the surrounding neighborhood will be
changed from that condition of loathsome
_ioral disease and corruption which has
bo long identified it, to a condition of pur
ity and an atmosphere of health."
Such was the expression of the Rev.
Father Otis of the Paulist community re
cently In discussing the suppression of the
houses of ill-fame which thrive in the ad
joining streets to the church and, in fact,
in front of the very entrance to the edi
fice.
It is generally known that that portion
of the city immediately surrounding St.
Mary's Church, before the advent of the
Paulist missionaries, was the home of all
kinds of vice. For years every possible
effort was made and wasted, it was
thought, in attempting to close these ob
jectionable streets. Influence was brought
to bear and adjacent property holders j
combined to suppress the evil, but met
with no better success than that, won
by Individual effort. The hope of ever j
accomplishing the object contemplated ;
was finally abandoned. i
Three years ago the Paulist missionaries
arrived in the city and took charge of the >
church, which was actually falling into
decay. It was remodeled and adorned and
an immense congregation attracted to it.
The scheme of bettering the surroundings,
although never discussed, was pursued
faithfully. Nothing was known of the
work of "the priests until the final climax
of ousting the denizens and closing their
brothels became an accomplished fact.
Father Otis, who is and has been the
prime mover and successful worker in
the enterprise, maintained recently that
the priests of the community are not
peeking the honor of the work, but its ef
fect.
The work of improving the immediate
surrounding? will not be confined to the
success already won. Chinatown is also
included in the section to be bettered,
and already has shown some signs of
losing its once powerful sway.
"If you are desirous of seeing an Im
provement or anxious to be presented
with an ocular exemplification of what
we claim, " said Father Otis, "pass
through Chinatown and see the number |
t f to let' signs in front of the various :
buildings. The Chinamen are not as
wealthy as they were formerly, and
scores of them are returning to China on
nearly every outgoing steamer. We don't
say that we are sending them, but they
are going, and our prediction is being
realized more fully as time passes.
"Hefore the ten years elapse we are
confident our church will be so surround
t (1 that none will fear to come to It and
all will look upon its environments with
pride."
Asihma. bronchitis, catarrh cureiruar&nt'd. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. K»arny, S.F. Cal.
Sacred Heart Parish Fair.
The Sacred Heart Church fair, which
has been in progress in Armory Hall, cor
ner of Page and -*reets, for some
days past, will rnntir. Ie until next Sat
urday evening. Large crowds have been
in attendance nightly, and it has been
predicted that it will be a great success.
Special attractions will be introduced
each evening this cnmlne week, - and
amusement will be furnisTled for young
an<l old alike.
Next Friday will be devoted to the
League of the Cross. In the afternoon
the smaller boys of the junior brunches
will be ent- rtained, and in the evening
the First npgiment. League of the Cross
Cadets, Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr.
commanding, will attend in a body, ac
companied by their own band.
Th" lunch served at the refreshment
booths each day between the hours of 11
and 2is a feature of the fair. Additional
accommodations have been added, and a
large number of patrons can now be
served without delay or difficulty.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's. 553 Market street. •
True Democracy.
The Socialist party held its regular
Sunday night gathering at Washington
Hall last night. The lecture of the even
ing was delivered by E. Dana Durand of
the Stanford University. His theme was
"True Democracy." He sain, in parf
"With industrial and political democracy
Furh a thing as tyranny would be a
chimera. It is necessary that we have
these two groat things, and thf-n our **vlls
will vanish in thin air. Without them
there is no equality and with them are
freedom and happiness."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BELIEF FEOM PAIN,
Women Everywhere Express their
Gratitude to Mrs. Pinkham.
s ~"
nr». T. A. WALDEN, Gibson, da., write*:
"Dear Mrs Pinkham: — Before tak-
ing your medicine, life was a burden
to me. I never saw a well day At
my monthly period I suffered untold
misery, and a great deal of the time I
was troubled with a severe pain in my
Bide. Before finishing the first bottle
of your Vegetable Compound I could
tell it was doing me good. I continued
its use, also used the Liver Pills and
Sanative Wash, and have been greatly
helped. I would like to have you use
my letter for the benefit of others."
rirs. FLORENCE A. WOLFE, 513 rtulberry
St., Lancaster, Ohio, writes:
41 Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — For two
years I was troubled with what the
local physicians told me was inflamma-
tion of the womb. Every month I suf-
fered terribly, I had taken enough
medicine from the doctors to cure any-
one, but obtained relief for a short '
time only. At last I concluded to write
to you in regard to my case, and can ,
6ay that by following your advice I am
now pefectly welL"
•
T\n. W. R. BATES, flansfleld. La., write* »
" Before writing to you I suffered
dreadfully from painful menstrua- i
tion, leucorrhcea and sore feeling in j
the lower part of the bowels. Now my
friends want to know what makes me
iook so well. Ido not hesitate one min-
ute in telling them what has fcroughi
about this great change. I cannot
praise Lydia E. Pinkham '3 Vegetable
Compound enough. It is the greatest
remedy of the age."
MAD RIDE TO THE HOSPITAL
A Patrol Wagon Overturned in an Effort to Save a
Man Who Wished to Die.
WHILE taking a dying man to the
harbor hospital about 2 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, the patrol
wagon from the California-street
police station was overturned at the foot
of California street and Officers Silver
and Livingston were thrown violently to
the ground, the latter sustaining a frac
ture of the wrist. Patsy Stevens, the
driver, was hurled from his seat, but re
tamed his hold on the reins, and after
being dragged some distance brought his
horses to a standstill. Charles Lewis,
the prospective patient, who was under
the influence of morphine poisoning, was
the only pasenger on the hurry-up wagon,
and he was not thrown to the ground.
Shortly after 1 o'clock Lewis entered
the police station and irrforme'd Sergeant
Christensen that he had taken 50 cents'
worth of morphine. The sergeant doubt
ed his statement, but to make sure took
a tablet Lewis gave him to a druggist,
who pronounced it morphine. On his re
turn to the station the sergeant found
that the man had collapsed, so he order-
TO FORSAKE
CAMP FOR
TRANSPORT
Troops Will Board the
Senator To-Day.
INSANE NEW YORK SOLDIERS
TWENTY-THIRD ASSIGNED TO
WYOMING BATTERY.
Private Farrell of the "Washington
Regiment Has the TJnserved
Portion of His Sentence
Remitted.
The Ftreets of San Francisco will again
to-day echo to the. tramp of soldiers' feet.
Again the citizens' will witness the pass
ing of boys in blue who are marching
away to join the army of foreign inva
sion, which under the command of
Major General Otis occupies the city of
Manila, The forces designated for the
transport Senator will go aboard of that
vessel about noon to-day. Those for the
Valencia will in all probability get aboard
that vessel to-morrow. The Third Bat
talion of the Twenty-third Infantry, the
recruits of the Second Oregon Regiment
and a hundred men from the California
Heavy Artillery are the troops that go
aboard to-day. The exact hour of their
departure from the Presidio is not
known. General Miller stated yesterday
that they would leave just as soon as
their tents were dry enough to be packed.
The tents became so thorougnly
saturated with the dew at nights that
if they were parked while damp and
then stored away in the hold of
the transport for a month they would
become mildewed and utterly unfit tot
use. If the day is bright and clear the
tents will be dry by 10 o'clock. It is
hardly possible that camp will be broken
before 10 o'clock, and in all probability it
will be an hour later before the soldiers
march away.
Privates Harrison \V. Bullock, Com
pany C, and James W. Phillips, Company
I First New York Regiment, returned
on the Pennsylvania from Honolulu
und«r a guard. The men were sent here
by General King as being Insane. Ser
geant John Grant was in charge of the
men with a guard. The two unfortunate
soldiers were taken to the post hospital,
where they will be kept for the present
rending the decision of the War Depart
ment in their case. The two men will un
doubtedly be taken to Washington for
treatment in the Government insane asy
um Harrison and Phillips were for
a while confined in Oahu, the insane asy.
lum of Honolulu.
Pending the action of the Secretary of
War in his case First Lieutenant S. C.
T>n'vidson First Washington Regiment,
has been' assigned by General Miller to
the First Troop of Nevada Cavalry and
ordered to report to the commanding of
ficer of the organization for duty.
Major Edward Field. Second Artillery,
who has been weeding out the undesir
able men from the Tennessee Regiment,
stated yesterday that the men who were
to be thrown out of the service would be
discharged upon the grounds of physical
disability and general unfitness and that
the married men of the regiment in some
cases would also be discharged. Ma or
Field said it was true that Colonel Smith
hnd requested to be allowed to recruit his
regiment up to its original strength, but
that he did not think the request would
be granted by the War Department.
The total strength of the regiment when
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
Ed Officers Livingston and Silver to take
him to the hospital and gave Driver
Stevens instructions to make the trip as
quickly as possible. The horses were
pent down California street at a lively
gait by Stevens, who hoped to get the
man to a doctor before he died. At
the foot of the street one of the horses
shied, throwing the wagon into a rut.
"The next thing I knew, 11 said Stevens,
"I was bumping along on the cobble
stones with the wagon threatening to
strike me each moment. I knew If I let
go the reins I would get It worse than
ever, so I held on and finally stopped the
horses."
The wagon was righted as quickly as
possible after the accident and the trip to
the hospital continued with one patient
added to the original number. Living
ston's broken bone was set and a
stomach pump relieved Lewis of his sur
plus morphine, after which the officer
was sent to his home and the would-be
suicide was locked up for drunkenness.
Patsy Stevens has been driving a
wagon* for the police department for the
past four years and has the reputation of
being a careful whip. The accident yes
terday Ik the first one with which he has
been connected and is much regretted
by him. No one who witnessed the over
turning of the wagon places any blame
on him. The bituminous paving at the
foot of California street is badly cut up
by the heavy travel there, and the horse
shying just at this place, added to the
fact that the wagon was being driven
rapidly, according to orders, explains the
case fully.
Lewis gave the following explanation
of his attempt to end his life: "I robbed
a house of $35 in San Pedro," said he,
"and got away to Fresno. I knew the
police were after men and that it would be
only a short time before I was caught, so
I took the poison to fool them."
its present discharge^ have been made
will not be much in excess of 1000 men.
General Miller yesterday Issued an
order assigning five privates of the
Twenty-third Infantry, in whose cases
applications for discharge have been ap
proved, to the Wyoming Light Battery.
Their time is nearly up and they will in
consequence be left behind to complete
their service with the Wyoming battery.
It has been about decided to send the
Wyoming battery to Angel Island for
garrison duty. It will go to that post just
as somx as the Second Battalion of the
Washington Regiment leaves.
In the case of Private Farrell of the
Second Washington recruits, who has
been serving a short sentence in the Pre
sidio guard house for some minor of
fense, General Miller yesterday issued an
order remitting that portion of the sen
tence which the soldier has yet to serve
and ordering him to report to his com
pany commander for duty.
In addition to the two insane men from
the New York Regiment, who came here
on the Pennsylvania three other sick
men from the same command were alsc
taken to the post hospital yesterday.
They were Clement Atkins, Company I
dysentery: James Dent, Company X, ty
phoid fever, and Joel O. Holmes, Com
pany X, typhoid fever.
In the case of First Lieutenant David
son and Chaplain Thompson of the Firsi
Washington Regiment, who were recent
ly examined by a board for their fitness
for duty in the Philippines, the board
found both unfit for service. General
Merriam disapproved the finding in the
case of the chaplain, but In that of Lieu
tenant Davidson he approved it, with the
order that he be p igned to some com
mand that Is to be retained here.
Major Carr of the First Washington
Regiment has tendered his resignation tc
the War Department. He assigns busi
ness reasons for desiring: to leave the
service. •
~»
Trophy for the Soldiers.
The committee appointed by the Army
and Navy Christian Commission to ar
range a competitive exhibition drill to be
given October 2."> !n Mechanics' Pavilion
reports that it is meeting with success at
every hand and is confident that on the.
evening of the affair the Pavilion will be
crowded to the doors. A company from
the Twentieth Kansas. Fifty-first lowa,
First Tennessee and Eighth California
will participate. The men will display all
their fancy steps and most clever ma
neuvers in their effort to pack away the
magnificent silver trophy which has been
presented by Shreve & Co., and which is
now on exhibition in the firm's window.
There will be a mass meeting of young
people representing all the societies at
the association building. Mason and Ellis
streets, this evening, for the purpose of
completing arrangements.
Lurlinc Salt Water Eaths.
Bash and Larkln sts. Swtmmlnf, Russian, hot
and cold tub butha. Salt wmerdirect from ocean.
THE ITALIAN FAIR.
To Be Formally Opened This Evening
by Mayor Phelan. t
St. Peter's and St. Paul's bazaar will
be formally opened this evening at Wash
ington-square Hall, situated on the cor
ner of Stockton and Union streets, by
Mayor I'helan. Every effort has been
made to make the opening night a suc
cess, and it is now a fact beyond all doubt
that those interested in making it a suc
cess will be rewarded with a liberal en
thusiasm and patronage for their work
by the general public, both in this portion
of the city and elsewhere. The exhibits
are far above the ordinary and the prizes
offered for various contests well worth
striving for.
The interior decoration of the building
alone is well worth seeing, as It presents
a magnificent picture of bright and gay
color. •
As a fitting adjunct to the general cer
emony of the opening this evening a mu
sical entertainment will be given. It will
consist of a specially selected programme
rendered by an orchestra of talented mu
sicians and gifted singers.
The Heinrich Recital.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Heinrich and their
daughter, Julia, barytone, soprano and
contralto, will give three song recitals at
the Sherman & Clay Hall on Tuesday and
Thursday evening and Saturday after
noon. These singers are most renowned
and promise the most interesting series
of ballad concerts ever given in San
Francieco.
DIED WITH
HER NAME
OH HIS LIFS
"Telegraph My Wife
the Result of This."
REV. FREEMAN'S LAST WISH
SICK SOLDIERS FROM MANILA
AND HONOLULU.
Arrival of the United States Trans
ports Zealandia and Pennsyl
vania From Manila and
Way Ports.
There are now seven United States
transports In port. The arrival of the
Zealandla from Nagasaki and the Penn
sylvania from Honolulu last Saturday
has made it possible to send all the
troops at the Presidio away in a bunch
and the chances are that they will be on
the way before the week is very old
The Senator and Zealandia are at the
Oceanic wharf, the Ohio and Indiana are
at the sea wall, the Valencia is at
Howard-street wharf, the Newport is at
the Mall dock and the Pennsylvania is
at the quarantine station, being fumi
gated. The Senator and Valencia may
get away to-morrow and the other ves
sels will follow at intervals during the
week.
The Zealandla brought up th© remains
of the Rev. T. S. Freeman, who com
mitted suicide in Nagasaki harbor. He
was chaplain of the cruiser Baltimore,
but was taken sick and was invalided
home.
"I never noticed anything very much
the matter with him," said Captain
Thomas Dowdell yesterday. "He looked
natural, but was very melancholy. I
did not think it necessary to confine him
and the only watch on him was to see
that he did not go ashore unless some
one was with him. No one was more
surprised than I when I heard he had
jumped overboard."
Quartermaster William Lowrath was
the only one who saw the unfortunate
chaplain take the fatal plunge. "His last
thoughts were of his wife," said Lowrath
yesterday. "It was early in the morn
ing and I went on deck to call the
! watch. I heard some one call out, 'Tele
! graph my wife the result of this and send
! her my money." 1 rushed around me
i house and there was Mr. Freeman stand
ing with one foot on the chock of the
davit, holding onto the side of the ship
I with one hand. He had a lot of lead
I sinkers around his waist, and as I ran
i toward him he dropped into the wakr.
We dropped a heaving line over the side
to mark where he had gone and after
! ward a diver recovered the body. He
i went down in forty feet of water and
j sank to the bottom at once."
The remains of Chaplain Freeman will
be shipped to Logansport, Ind., to-day.
A passenger by the Zealandia as far as
I Nagasaki was George de K. Foute.
i George wanted to see the war but he did
not want to be a soldier. He finally 86
curod a clerkship, and giving up a snug
berth in the railroad, he went to
Manila on the Newport. He did not fa
vorably Impress his superiors during the
voyage and the result was that he was
relieved from duty aa soon as the New
port arrived. After some maneuvering
he secured a return passage on the Zea
landia, but got into trouble the first day
out. Captain Dowdell brought him to
time with a threat to lock him, up and
j George behaved himself as far as N. k
asaki. While the Zealandia was being
repaired the China came in and Foute
was passed along to her and so reached
San Francisco. Sundry I. O. U.s still
floating around among the officers of the
Zealandia are reminders of George's
trip on that vessel.
The typhoon that did so much damage
to the Zealandia sank the German steam
er Trinidad. She was on her way from
Hamburg to Kiaochan with stores for the
German Government. Her crew was phk
ed up by the British steamer Rohllla.
When she sighted the wreck it was flying
the American ensign union down at the
main, the English Jack with a knot in it
1 and the Greek ensign underneath it for
j ward, and in the rigging there was a
( board with "We are sinking" painted on
lit in big letters. Twenty minutes after
I the crew was taken off the Trinidad sank.
! Chief Steward Seeley of the Zealandia
says he has been through some heavy
storms off Blanco and Flattery, but he
never saw anything to equal the typhoon
the Zealandia weathered in such splendid
shape.
The Pennsylvania was 33 days from Ma
nila, 23 from the I>adrones. where she put
I in to land the Spanish doctor taken away
from Guam by the Charleston, and 9 days
! from Honolulu. She brings up 13 soldiers
! from Manila and 18 from Honolulu. Dr.
: Smith, surgeon of the Baltimore, conies
up to pass an examination for promotion.
Among those on the sick list Is A. Hart
! well, a California boy. He is much better
| for his sea voyage. A sergeant major of
the Montana regiment comes up on a
furlough. His mother died while he was
in Manila and he has to attend to the es
tate. Four "time-expired" regulars and
three crazy sailors from the Baltimore
were passengers on the troopship. The
crazy mon are gradually improving, but a
long rest is expected to thoroughly re
store them to health.
The Pennsylvania brings up a trophy
from Guam in the shape of a Spanish
flag. It was flying over the boat that
came out from the Custom House, and
when one of the transport's crew offered
to buy it the Spaniards were only too
glad to sell.
One of the New York boys played a
joke on Colonel Barber while the Pennsyl
vania was in port, that ended disastrously
for the joker. While the Colonel was
waiting for the dinner bell, the soldier got
In through a wlpdow and passed the din
ner out to his waiting comrades. Every
thing went from the Colonel's leg of mut
ton down to his cup of tea and the wrath
of the warrior may be imagined when the
dinner bell called him to a table swept
bare. The offender was afterward located
and was living on bread and water when
the Pennsylvania left.
The ship Tacoma docked to-day at Main
street to get ready for another trip to Ma
nila with horses. Lieutenant O'Shea will
go out in charge of the consignment this
time instead of Lieutenant Cameron.
James <!. Maguire was a passenger on
the Humboldt for Eureka yesterday.
Strange to say there was not a corporal's
guard down to see him off. The "Little
Giant" has not a great following on the
front apparently.
Jt was rumored on the front yesterday
that the raft anchored off Melggs wharf
last week had been stolen during the
night. It was only taken to the Port
Costa Lumber Mills. The tug Rescue did
the job. and it was done according to in-
Btructions.
Don't trifle with piles. They are danger
ous. Cse "Anakesis" at once and be cured*
Death of a Mexican Veteran."
Death laid claim to one more of the
brave men who. In 1848, helped to secure
for the United States the State of Cali
fornia by whipping Mexico Into line un
the great General Scott. This was Mat
thew White, who died at his late resi
dence, 334 Union street, on last Friday.
His funeral took place yesterday from
the house where he had lived for the last
thirty years, and all that was mortal of
the soldier who marched into the City
of Mexico and there helped to hoist the
Stars and Stripes of the United States,
was carried to Calvary Cemetery und
consigned to the grave.
Of his family left behind to mourn his
loss are: Mrs. D. Kimball, Mrs. H.
Moyce. Mrs. W. Sawn, Miss Magrglo
White and Matthew White, his children,
and two sisters, Mrs. M. J. Golden and
Mrs. J. Mullaney. The deceased had
rounded out his alloted three-score ami
eleven years. He followed his trade, that
of a shoemaker, up to within a few days
of his death.
MISSIONARIES
ON THEIR WAY
TO MOLOKAI
Five Young Clerics'
Life Work.
ARE DIRECT FROM FRANCE
TO EMULATE THE LIFE OF
FATHER DAMIAN.
They "Will Be Ordained at Honolulu
When They Beach the Age
of Twenty-Five
Years.
The Rev. Father C. M. Llmburg. the
provincial of the Marist community In the
Sandwich Islands, Is on a return visit to
this city from Paris and on his way back
to the seat of his labors in the islands.
"With him are five clerics who have given
up home and dear ones to work among the
lepers on the disease-stricken Isle of
Molokai.
These young men, ranging between the
ages of twenty-one and twenty-three,
were selected by Father Llmburg from a
class of clerics in the Marist Theological
Seminary at Paris. They will accom
pany their superior to the islands where,
upon attaining the age of twenty-five
years, they will receive their appointed
positions as missionaries.
It has been thought advisable to post
pone the ordination ceremony until they
attain this age, which entitles them as.
priests to preach the gospel.
Until that time, however, they will
teach among the lepers, doing good and
alleviating the sufferings of those rele
gated to the isle whose hope is abandoned.
Their only expressed hope on leaving
civilization is that they may, in a degree,
lessen the sufferings of the unfortunates
and emulate the noble life of Father
Damian, who gave up home and civiliza
tion for a life of sacrifice and a death by
loathsome disease, he having contracted
during his laboi?.
They express no regret at leaving the
world and speak of the future only as a
trial of duty and the peiformancs of
I good work among the lepers.
They will leave Wednesday morning fcr
Honolulu accompanied by Father I-im
burg; and, until that time, will reside in
the vicinity of the French Church. They
will hold with the priests of this church
a sor> of last communion, as it were, be
tween the world and death before llnal.y
I emcarking for the plague-stricken isle of
MoloKal.
if possible, when they reacn the ago of
'• twenty-five years, providing thnv leave no
j trace of the disease, they will bo taken to
i Honolulu from Molokai to be thore or
' dained by the Bishop of the Sandwich
Islands. In the meantime, however, they
will act simply in the capacity of teach
! ers and not preachers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
S2E»3ESG2^LXji
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
SARDINES ? tin™ P °Goo/ r fish 'in
3 tins for 25c. C pure olive oil. Sold
) usually for 12^,0 a tin
/ ,,_ / . lirl \ '-New Era;" we bottle
CATSUP ( it. None better even
15c. a bottle ( a higher price.
) Kegular'.y 2uc.
TOILET PAPER> Reeularlj ' 3 packa f S
lUILfcl rAKEK!; for 23 c. A superior
4 packages 25c . J rftper
•y The Crown Perfumery
j Go's, in yigorat Ing
Lavender Salts ( saits-a splendid de-
V odorizer— a rapid and
Bottle 30c. ( pleAsant cure for the
1 neadache. Regnlarly
' 35c. bottle.
\ Fine Old "Hermitage"
RYE WHISKEY | R y e, made in 1890.
p mi. iinn V. Pure straight goods
Bottle, $ 1 .00 > for i,i eh y ou us^ R ny
Gallon, $4.00 I pay *1.25 abottle,
) a gallon.
■) "Schweppe's" im-
GINOER ALE f por ied. Regularly
Dozen $1.35 $l.soperdoz.
\ Inches 3 4 5 6 7
FRENCH KNIVES 1 Keg'ly 15 15 20 96 35
"Sabatier" brand [ Special 10 10 15 20
the hest kitchen I Inches 8 91011 12
tne Desi Kiicnen I R . 4050 55 60 65
knife. J special 30 35 40 50 55
' CHFPPIFS 'i The well known "D &
in C Maraschino ] K^&.^ffrJj
6oc. bottle > 75c. bottle.
It ..a in • New figs, boiled cider, chest-
JUal 111 • nnts, paprika.
Country orders shipped free 100 mile*.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
"-"'.nik-^. T^e cure weakness
—(^^■'^Nj^j^iS-— and diseases of Men,
jßo£g£S^^^&3s& : % including Nervous
*s4jsKjSsX^j3' Debility, Contagious
Kefey* <^a Blood Poison and
P^^jjj I^b contracted ailments,
BjSßriif''- v: " _i 3 Quickly and perman-
&£§<&* jjij«u lWi|pisl Wi|pi5 cntly. Largest prac-
TZSsM *^S='v!?j£^«N tlce antl besl e< l u| P-
ll?^v I^^^ \^§L' r pJ medical instltu-
MWkL r*3^ VaT tion on tns acllio
/^f|ii!!^ E3taWisJieii 17 Year s
OTlww^W^ '/ Prlvate book and
?^^»l '^KlSwwrfiS'SSL/ of flee or by mall. All
ffia\ Kwiu^afts^' letti^ rs * acrcdl y con -
DR. MEYERS fir CO.,
731 Market St., S. F.
Use f**^ an( *
Facial Soap K^/ Facial Cream.
Age, Illness, Care cause Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. : "WOODBURY, 127 West 42d
Bt., N. V., 163 State st., Chicago, has had over
26 years" practical experience removing Wrin-
kles, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.
, v^^kzlU WHEN YOU
'/<^^l^v^^^^, Require an ELEC-
(K^^y^^ISJTRiC BELT get "Dr.
Plercs's" and you will
>l^xS2^^T?t> not be disappointed.
-%=^ = Call or address PIERCE
' ELECTRIC CO., 620
Market St. (opp. Palace Hotel), S.F. - ',->..,.;■•
M \/ 1 T A FsWMres ■ viTALrnr
IMCPIy I I /■* lost vigor.
"7 l l^ AND MANHOOD
gs£jyw "*l! Corel Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
K v gs\^»gJ diseases, all effects of self'abuse, or excess and
t"— AND MANHOOD
Cures laipotencf Night Emissicos and wasting
diseases, all effects oi sclf'abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood'buildcr.
' ' Bring* the pink c' 0 to pale cheeks and ti*
fa f^,^ ] stores the tire of youth. By mail 500 per
Ji^V^Sl hoxi. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
fd^^fe^^. guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikreita imaical Go., CHnfen « Jstteeti sts., Chic« 99.
WALLIiIt BKOS., 33 Grant aye., San Francisco. 1
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Tinas Please Mention "The Gall."
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 BUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
L!»e Stock ITTI lID * ffl v Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. fclLLu tt \A3- San FrandßCO.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM CrRrtCVIVn ShipptnK trade •upplled.
TTfll- wtnUEIMIMI. 639 Broadway »treet.
BELTING.
LP IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Beitlne and
1. UEUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Oeary Street, Above PowelL
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDICM Jt CAXlC— Makers and Dealers In
OKILpI tt JLandaus. Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and BugKies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
Joeenh Fox. Eupt. H. Blyth. M*i".
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C- RICHARDS, &J f S^ f %i .
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDIN6TON ss s e co s n a^i s^Tn
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS.
411-413 California street. r»*r.
Capital Represented over 514,000,000
FLOUR.
V TinW 1 T Flour Mill*. J. Martenntcln A Co.
IIAIIUnAL aw. cor. Battery end raelno »ta.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS,
iie nnvee J& m Shipping Butch«r». 101
JAS- DUiL3 a tU., Clay. Tel. Mala DM.
S HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. lmporters Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
i =
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE:
FRAWLEY
COMPANY
BLANCHE BATES,
Presenting AUGUSTIN DALY'S Comedy,
LOVE IN HARNESS!
An Amusing Tale of Matrimonial Eruptions.
Next Monday— PRISONER OF ZENDA.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— PERFORMANCE.
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MA THE
AND
BULGER,
Under the Direction of Dunne & Ryley, in the
New Rag-time Opera,
BytlieSaflSeaWaves.
With all the Resources of the Comic Opera
Stage.
A Company of Thirty-five People, Embracing
NELLIE HAWTHORNE and JOSIE
DE WITT.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
LAST WEEK. '
Belasco and De Mille's drama,
THE—
WIFE!
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT WEEK— Special production, David
Belasco's beautiful drama by the sea,
"MAY BLOSSOM."
Ie eed.15c,25c,35c,50ce ed .l5c,25c,35c,50c
PHONE MAIN 254.
ALHAMBRA. COB - EDDT Md JONES.
ALnAIVIOKA. Tel. South 43V
Harry Jackson Sole Manager
THREE BIG SHOWS IN ONE!
CUBAN OPERA, "l --*««>»-
ROBERT DOWNING, 110I 10 CENTS -
VAUDEVILLE ,15 CENTS
And the Drama. 25 CENTS. :
"OVER THE SEA!" 50 CENTS.!
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Entire Balcony... .10 Cents
Lower Floor • 25 Cents
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mra. Krneutlne Kreling. Proprietor and Manager.
— — EVERY EVENING.
MIRTHFUL AND MELODIOUS.
THE BIG SHOW- "
The Merry Operatic Fantasle,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN!"
-A GREAT CAST.—
Grand ' Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
NEXT:
"GIROFLE-GIROFLA I"
Popular Prlce3... .25 and 50 Cents.
B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c. .
'■ - Our Telephone— Busli 9. .
IA/.T.HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNXY-AT LAW,
Tenth Flour, Room 1015, Claus S- " -.els iildg.
"; "■ . - Telephone Brown 931. - -* V> \ ; :
Residence. S2l Calltorula at., below Powell,.
Bau Francisco. : : ,
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln it.lV.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer* •( an
kinds of Harneaa and dealers In Bukclm.
Cartß. etc If you want banralna call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS. '
AllaMA Hunters* Equipments, ' Flafiln*
I«IIIU\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc Seal
U JIIU for catalogue. QEO. W. BHKETS.
WWIIW ,33 Market ttreet-
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton St Hedley. Prop».«
234 Premont St. Castings of ETery De«
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 138 Butter at..
San Francisco. Telephona Mcln 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Caaalmeres. Tweed* an£
Flannels, 63S Market St., Saa Francisco. CaL
, Goods for >ale at all leading dry gooda store*.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. 14,000,000.
BTZ A CO., A|Mt»
SOl California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TITC DCDVHIDn Mattress Co.. Ml Mlaaloaj
1 tIC DCKniIAnU «t. Telephon* Main HU.
PAPER DEALERS.
\Afll I AMCTTE PULP AND PAPER CO..
YYILLAMLi IE 722 Montgomery S^ree^
PIANOS. /
Ttii* OTdent rm and tmr^wr* Stne*.
PIANO andMUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
, a IS and SO O'Farren St.
A «#t»s of expert tuners and repair**"*.
~ PRINTING.
E- C- HUGHES. 511 JLnaam* street.
' SOAP.
GD f nrv £ rft 12S California street.
. H. LL'CY & ttUt, t room 87. Tel. Main IWL
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
ARTRIDGE fSSSft
THE HICKS- JUJD CO.. Ss»«'^i-
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE co..
rorwardln* A»enta and Public i Wtlglw,
General Btorace. Free and Grain Warahoqajii.
General office, 810 California at. T«L Mala W4.
WALLPAPER.
■VTHOLErvLE & retail: send for samples. atat-
lnir quality fk color. DUFFY CO.. 918 Howard.
WATCHES, ETC. ~~*
TT ITVTW Headquarters for fln« Jewelry afl*
• HJnJJI) full 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 Sd sU
WOOD AND IVORY TURNINO.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 6987.
AMUSEMENTS.
MR. AND MRS. EDWIN MILTON
ROYLE AND COMPANY
In "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE" condensed to
one act.
FELIX AND BARRY, Comedy Stars.
RAT BURTON, Equilibrist and Shooting Star.
LOUIS M. GRANAT. Unique Whistler.
MARY NORMAN, Society Caricaturist.
JOHNSON AND DEAN, Darktown Aristocracy
HOWARD'S COMEDY PONIES. .
CARPOS BROTHERS, Gymnasts.
BIOGRAPH, new views.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COMEDY THEATER.
THIS EVENING!
2ES "*' CLARA THROPP.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUN.
25C TO ALL PARTS. '
Presenting
the operatic farce comedy success,
"WHERE'S MATILDA."
UP TO DATE.
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHT MUSICS.
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES.
DON'T OVERLOOK OUR SOUVENIR
MATINEES.
EVENING PRICES 15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
Seats— Comedy Theater and 710 Market st. "
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
Valtur Moitosco, Sole Lessee and Manage&
FOURTH WEEK OF
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Initial Production of the Thrilling Drama,
STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART!
AN ENTRANCING STORY!
EXQUISITE SPECTACULAR EFFECTS!
SEE the deck of the S. S. Mistletoe and de-
struction of vessel by fire. Details of a French
execution. The guillotine.
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 100.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
CONCEBTS AND RESOBTS.
■ ■_■ ■-, i-.. ■■_■■_■ •»•-•-• .—■-■-'-■■ ■_ i_i ii_i - i - -in— ii 1— —i— ■—
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL
THE HEINRICH RECITALS!
TO-MORROW AND THURSDAY EVENIN<33
and SATURDAY AFTERNOON. Oct. 22.
MR. AND MRS. MAX HEINRICH AND
MISS JULIA HEINRICH,
Interpreters of the Classics in Song!
PRICES, 75c AND |1 00.
SEATS ON SALE at Sherman. Clay Sc Co.'B
Music House. "
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
■ the Winter Season.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5a
Bathing, with admission. 25c: children, ioc.
Beware of Imitations
* ■
\ " JOHH BUNC/N'B SONS. AOMT*, H«W YOWC.
56
FIRM FRIEND
DOWNED AN OLD
KENNEL MATE
False Flatterer Loses
the Champion Stake.
SHORTENDERS LAND OFTEN
PROMISE ME AND PEACEFUL
GLEN SHOW SPEKD.
Great Running at Union, and Ingle
bide Parks Witnessed by Many
Thousand Spectators — The
Detailed Results.
There were no sensations sprung on the
large crowd that attended Union Park
yt-sterd^y, but enough good sport was
presented to satisfy the most ardent fol
lower of coursing. Short enders were In
clover during the running of the large
card and broad smiles testified their
satisfaction in winning.
Quiver proved a stumbling block in the
path of the talent. She repeated her
performance of Saturday by beating
Bendalong in the second round when odds
were given against her at 4 to L . When
she was pitted again Montana In the
third round Quiver was again on the
short end with odds of 6 to 1 against her.
The black bitch carried the hones of the
short enders in this course and she up
held their cause by making a "no go"
with Montana.
When they were again slipped the odds
had narrowed down to 3 to l, with Quiver
still on the short end. This time Mr.
.Lopez' possession went out and won
handily. In the fourth round Quiver was
put out of the race for the stake by
Jennie Wilson. In the latter course she
was on the short end again and might
have beaten her more experienced rival
but for a bad fall. Quiver allowed Jen
nie Wilson to set the pace to the hare,
but on the turn she got close to the prey
and scored many points. Near the
escapes she made a drive, for the tricky
bare, who wrenched out of danger. This
Bent Quiver on her back and Jennie Wil
son began scoring until the kill and
earned a flag. Ip to her fall Quiver had
her rival beaten. Quiver's performance
was a remarkable one and created quite a
surprise. She possesses stamina and speed
and will surely be heard from in the fu
ture.
Douglas defeated Prince Hal at odds
of 7 to 1, the highest offered during the
day. Very few short enders got aboard,
as Prince Hal was looked on as v sure
winner. In the second run down of the
Reserve stake Glenstone beat Snapshot at
5 to 3, Bonita beat Victor at 3 to 1 and
Bendi^o beat Morning Glory at the same
odds.
In the fourth round Promise Me and
Douglas were slipped to the fastest
"jack"' ever turned loose at Union Park.
He led the dogs across the field full tilt
and gradually opened up a streak of day
light between his pursuers. Xear the
escapes he turned and shot toward the
kennels with the dogs straining every
nerve to get near him. He wrenched
when close to the fence and retun. to
the slips, and when half way up the field
turned round as if inviting his relentless
chasers to come on. When they neared
him he let out a few more links and made
the dogs look like selling platers. He
then ran into the escapes and chucklel
over his victory, as did the spectators
in the grand stand. Promise Me led
throughout the race, although he had lit
tle chance to score many points. The
hard course he had after the speedy hare
proved to his detriment in the next
round when Jennie Wilson easily downed
him.
The Reserve stake was captured by
Handy & Smith's Ida. She had Jennie
Wilson to contend against in the final,
and a merry race it was. Another lively
jack was turned loose and for three min
utes the two fought for supremacy. Ida
did not disappoint her admirers and got
in on the hare near the finish and scored
enough to earn her the flag and the. big
stake.
As was predicted, the Champion stake
proved close and exciting. In the first
run down short-enders and the talent
broke even. The first course proved a
eurprlse to every one. False Flatterer,
the ultimate runner up, was pitted against
Kock Island Boy. an IS-months'-old pup
py. False Flatterer barely led to the hare
and the course was a close one. The lat
ter was given the flag. Judges of form
Bee in Rock Island Boy a great dog and
prophesy great things from him. as he
possesses speed and staying^qualities.
In the second round wait a Little and
False Flatterer were led past the grand
stand by the hare. Th.c latter lea up.
Lut to the surprise of every one Walt a
Little made a drive and killed. Had the
bare lasted a little longer Walt a Little,
instead of False Flatterer, would have
yon.
Theron was beaten by FlAn Friend In
the first run down. Theron showed vast
improvement In this race and made a good
exhibition.
Short-enders made a winning in the
final of the Champion stake, when Firm
Friend beat False Flatterer, his old ken
nel mate, at odds of 5 to S.
Sir John Arnot was withdrawn by his
owner, T. A. Gaffn<-y, owing to his long
course on the previous day. Little hope
for his recovery is given, as Sir John
overstrained himself.
Following are the results:
Reserve stake, second round— R. E. de B.
Z«opez' Quiver beat D. Hooper's Bendalong;
11. Weber's Montana beat Pasha Isennel's
Santa Alicia: Rusell 4 Wilson's Jennie Wilson
beat Larkey & Rock's Hercules; E. & R.
Scott's Seldom beat A. Johnson's Lissak;
O'Neil & Hanr&nhan's Promise »Me beat R. E.
<le B. Lopez' Arrow; A. Massey's ifadlwlst
beat O'Neil & Hanrahan's Mercury; F. Ks
<julrel's Peaceful Glen ran a bye: Al Austin's
I>.jujlas beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal;
Al Austin's Glenetone beat F. Moran'e Snap
shot; Euchre Kennel's Ace of Club* (formerly
Blackstone) beat M. Herzog*s Little Delight;
J. Connell's.Log Boy beat S. W. Smith's Cru
eader; A. & B. Kennel's Irma beat Curtis &
Kun's HiKhland Ball; Handy & Smith's Ida
beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; I). Ford's Bonita
beat Handy & Smith's Victor; J. H. Smith's
Bendlgo beat J. J. Edmond's Morning Glory :
J. McCormae'a White Lily beat F. C. Mack's
Black J'attl.
Third round— beat Montana; Jennie
Wilson beat Seldom; Promise Me beat Hadi
wlst; Peaceful Glen beat Douglas: Ace of
Clubs b»at Gleaetone; l*jg Boy beat Irma: Ida
beat B nits,; White Lily beat Bendigo.
Fourth round — Jennie Wilson beat Quiver;
Promise Me beat Peaceful Glen; Log: Boy beat
Ace of Clubs; Ida beat White Lily.
Fifth — Jennie Wilson beat Promise Me;
Ida beat Log Boy.
Final— lda beat Jennie Wilson.
Champion stake, flrst round— F. Moran's
False Flatterer beat A- & B. Kennel's Rock
Island Boy; G. Sharman'a Wait a Little beat A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty; Pasha Kennel's
Firm Friend beat Qeorg* Whitney's Thcron;
F. Moran'B Royul Prize beat Euchre Kennel's
Right Bower
Second round— False Flatterer beat Walt a
Little; Firm Friend beat Royal Prize.
Final— Firm Friend beat False Flatterer.
CAMPANIA WINS A STAKE.
Her Victory Was Witnessed by Sev-
eral Thousand Spectators at
Ingleside Yesterday.
Campania won the non-winners' stake
at Ingleside yesterday, handily defeating
Beau Peep in the finals by a score of 14
to 2. {The talent had all decided that
Royal Buck would capture the stake, but
the Buck was unfortunately defeated by
Glen Roy in the fourth round much to
their surprise.
In the first round Conqueror and For
give ran a long court that lasted 4 min
utes and 12 seconds, but Forgive won the
course by a score of 24 to 6. The sen-
Bational course of the day was run be
twen Daisy Hill and Maid of Hill. The
two fleet hounds pursued the hare past
the grand stand three times, much to the
delight of the spectators, and Daisy Hill
killed and won the course by a score of
24 to 11.
Counterfeit lost his first course yester
day to Jimmy Cork and should never
have been allowed to run by the club
Btewards. as before his course he showed
considerable lameness and after his de
feat literally limped off on three legs.
i Beau Peep, the iuriner-uj> in tb* etake.
was in great form yesterday and won
on the short end nearly every time he
ran. In the finals it was only the fleet
ness of Campania that put him out, ana
no doubt If the course had been more or
work and leBS of speed the tables might
have been turned. . . ,
The day throughout was a short ena
ers' day and most of the short enders tnat
won did so at good long odds. Among
them were: Miss Grizzle at 2 to 1, Black
Bess at 7 to 1. Las Falmas, 3 to 1; Sports
man, 2to 1; Bernice. 2 1 h to 1; Beau Peep,
2^s to 1; Glen Roy. ZVz to 1. ,
High Born Lady, that good bitch or
Lowe & Thompson, was put put .in .the
second round by Magic. High Born
Lady's first course was good, but in ncr
last performance she certainly showed
that she was not up to her best form.
The results were as follows:
•First round-P. J. G. Kenna's Mira Monte
beat O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Decorator; T. F. Lo
gun's Mies Grizzle beat Lowe & Thompson s
Phoebe; H. R. Baldwin's Forgive beat Case
Clarkson's Conqueror; J. Mazsinl's Beau Peep
beat Eclipse Kennel's Masterpiece; Lowe Ac
Thompson* Hi*h Born Lady beat A. Van Den
Burgh's American E*«l«: Pembroke Kennel s
Magic beat M. Allen's Miss Alice; J. O'Dowd s
Mission Tip beat D. Ford's Hayseed: J. Dlxon s
Black Besa beat S. E. Portal's Laurelwood:
P J G. Kenna's Royal Buck beat F. Moran s
Bit of Fashion; T. J. Cronin's Maid of Bail
beat \v. Shield's Cliff ette: Henry Sprlnra Mas
ter Jack beat J. Foley's Atlantic Boy: Penel
ope Kennel's Las Palmas beat P. J. G. Kenna s
Flyaway: P. J G. Kenna's Skyball beat J.
Murray's Mary X; T. McNeil's Sportsman beat
J Ouane's T»ia ■! Stevens; Henry Spring's Pat
Malloy beat J. Byrne's Nelly B; P. J. G. Ken
na'a OGrady beat T. F. McCarthy's Rosebud;
kelman & Panario's Glen Roy beat G.
Smart's Silkwood: J. Quane's Marietta beat J.
Murnane's Wolf Tone; M. Delano's Daisy Hill
beat T. Sullivan's Maid of Hill; W. Perry's
Campania bent Pembroke Kennel's Petronius;
C Ptrehl's Jimmy Cork beat P. O'Donnell's
Counterfeit; J. Reddy's Bernice beat Larkey
& Rock's Emerald. __
Second round— Mira Monte beat Miss Grizzle;
Beau Peep ran a bye; Magic beat High Born
Lady; Black Bess beat Mission Tld; Royal
Buck beat Maid of Bail; Las Palmas beat Mas
ter Juck; SkybaJl beat Sportsman; O'Grady
beat Pat Mailoy; Glen Roy beat Marietta;
Campania beat Daisy Hill; Jimmy cork beat
Bernice.
Third round — Beau Peep beat Mira Monte;
Marie beat Black Bess: Royal Buck beat Las
Palmas; Glen Roy beat Skyball; Campania beat
O'Grady; Jimmy Cork, ran a bye.
Fourth round— Reau Peep beat Magic; Glen
Roy beat Royal Buck; Campania beat Jimmy
Cork. _
Fifth round— Beau Peep beat Glen Ro> ; Cam
pania ran a bye
Final— Campania b«at Beau Peep.
.—,. — , «.
DARKNESS BEAT THE GAME.
ABC and Kitty Scott Divided First
Money at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 16.— The coursing
at Agricultural Park to-day resulted as
follows:
In the run-offs Stape Munton beat Ormonde:
Mountain Belle beat Doncaster: Belle Seward
beat Llilie B; Olymola beat F and F; Dago
beal COB; Oirheunj Lass beat May Day;
Liliie beat Juliet; ABC beat Brady; Juanita
beat John Mitchell; Gazer boat Rag Baby;
Van Tralle beat Bum; Orpheum Prince beat
Twilight; Jean Valjean beat Lady Washington;
Kitty Scott beat Lady Wallace; Carmody beat
Fleet; Amorita beat Credit.
In the flrst ties Stape Munton beat Mountain
Belle; Belle Seward beat Olympla: Orpheum
Lass beat Dasro; ABC beat Liliie; Grazer
beat Juanita; Orpheum Prince beat Van Tralle;
Kitty Scott beat Jean Valjean; Amorita beat
Carmody.
In the second ties V,e]\f Seward beat Stape
Munton; ABC beat Orpheum Lass: Kitty
Scott beat Grazer; Orpheum Prince beat Amo
rita.
In the third ties ABC beat Belle Seward;
Kitty Scott beat Orpheum Prince.
The finals were not run on account of dark
ness. ABC and Kitty Scott dividing first
money. ___^______^_
THEY BID FAREWELL
TO THE RIFLE RANGE
CLOSING SHOOT AT THE SAN
RAFAEL BUTTS.
Reubold and Strecker Carry OfF the
Highest Honors &t the Schuet
zen Club Meeting.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 16.— Owing to
favorable weather conditions the shoot
ing stands of the California Scheutzen
Club at Scheutzen Park were filled to-day
with a large number of marksmen. Good
scores ruled throughout the day. Tn the
bullseye shoot A. Keubold carried off first
prize with a score of 167. The first prize
in the medal shoot was won by A.
Strecker. who scored -i' points. In
the scores in the medal shoot follow:
Firtt champion class— A. Strecker 437, C.
Tbierba
.«ec n<i champion class— F. P. Schuster 443, T>.
B, ]"ak-
First class— P. E. Mason 426. O. Bremer 413.
■d clasf— C. F.Kinp 40$ K. Stettin Jr. 3n2.
Third clasb— H. Jungb'.ut 3SO, Charles Sage
576.
Fourth class— J. H. Suss 364. J. Wollmer 355.
rl as s — <}. Tammeyer 405, William
Utschlg S?S.
F. P. Schuster made the first best shot and
J. WoMmer the last, both scoring 25 points.
F. Schumann, proprietor of the park,
gave a farewell picnic celebrating the
close of the season at his resort.
AT SHELL MOUND.
Scores Made by the iailitia — Nord-
deutscher Prize Shoot.
It was a decidedly off day at the Shell
Mound rifle range yesterday, only one
military organization facing the targets,
although more were expected. Company
A of the Fifth held its regular class medal
contest, firing ten shots on the Blunt
military target. Captain Poulter and J.
E. Fraights had a chance to run up fine
strings, but in each case unfortunately
a two slipped in cutting the totals down
to 43 out of a possible 50. Annexed are
the scores:
Captain Poulter 43, Sergeant Tait 43, C. E.
Marker 40, Corporal King 37, Charles 11. Ellis
39 Petereen 36, Lieutenant Hunt 35, Sergeant
Peck 37, J. F. QrlMUOre 21. Corporal Hell 32.
Corporal Poulter 3U, C. Wellard 32. C. Kron 24,
W. A. Stephens 20, F. Lewthwaite 23. O. Nich
ols 23, J. Nethercolt 27, J. E. Fraights 43.
The programme is out for the public
prize snoot at Shell Mound on November
13, to be given under the auspices of the
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club. The shoot
ing will be done on the man target, four
shots to a ticket. The red flag will be
shown for bullseyes, 19 and 20. Fifteen
cash prizes, running from $20 to $2, will
be shot for; entries unlimited. Twenty
shot premium tickets will also be sold.
Prizes of $2 50 and $1 will be given for
first and last bullseyes in forenoon and
afternoon. In addition to the shooting
prizes of turkeys, geese and pigs will be
contested for ir f ne bowling alley and also
won on admission tickets. The distribu
tion will take place at the conclusion of
the sports.
ST. MATHEWS VS. HOITTS.
A Football Game Which Was Uneven
but Not Rough.
There were several ina'.curaciea in a
report sent in for publication of a foot
ball game between teams of the Hoitt arid
St. Mathew'.s schools lant Saturday. The
report stated that the game stood 18 to 6
when stopped at the and of the flrst half
on account of the roughness of the St.
Mathew's team. Aa a matter of fact the
Hen; stood 17 to 0 when the game was
stopped, which was ju.st three minutes
from the end of the second iialf.
As regards the alleged "roughness" of
the St. Matbew'a team, Referee L. S.
(.'handler, who was chosen by Hoitt's for
that position, said yesterday: "It was a
hurd game, not a dirty one, tind the
Hoitts had no right to withdraw. Indeed
the Hoitt team would have preferred to
continue. In the Incident, which led to
stopping the game, a St. Mathew boy was
roughly treated, and in attempting to re
sent the attack, save the impression of
initiating violence, which is not the case."
I'mpire J. B. Osborn corroborated Mr.
Chandler's statement and entirely exon
erated the St. Mathew's School team of
the charge of foul playing.
Handball at Ryan's Court.
Eight spirited handball games were
played at Ryan's court yesterday after
noon, with the following results:
P. Herrln and M. Fogarty defeated M. J.
Stokes and P. Fol»y. Score: 21-10, 8-21, 21-13.
P. Stelner and L. Carraine defeated M. Mc-
Neil and H. Racoulllet. Score: 21-13, 21-15, 21-12.
In a single-handed game M. Berwln defeat
ed F. Jordan two straight games. Score: 21-15.
21-12.
D. Regan and T. Foley defeated E. Barry
and M. Basch. Score: 21-16. 14-21. 21-19.
.T Condon and J. Hogan defeated T. Leach
and T. Foley. Score: 21-14. 21-16, 21-18.
P. Ryan and G. McDonald defeated W. Fisher
and B. Chapman. Score: 21-14, 19-21. 21-17.
T M. Gorman and P. Condon defeated J.
Nagle and M. O'Brien. Score: 21-15, 21-14.
21-19. . :
D. . O'Brien and P. Housman defeated ■B.
Chapman and W. Fisher. Score: 21-10, 21-15,
21-20.
The event of the day— J. Kilgallon and
A. Hampton defoated R. Llnehan and. J. Har
jr*. Secret il-ii, . 2>17, 2J.14, ■ ~ -
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
THE LEADERS
INGLQRIOUSLY
MET DEFEAT
After Securing a Lead
Harvey Falters.
AN IMMENSE CROWD PRESENT
THEY HOWL AND DO OTHER
PIUTISH THINGS.
How the Various Teams Fared Yes
terday at Towns Through
out This Glorious
State.
By Joe Corbett.
Of all the crowds that have wandered
into Recreation Park this season, yester
day's was indeed the banner of them all.
Not only did it take first place for size
it was without doubt the most cheerful
and enthusiastic audience that has at
tended a ball game In many a day. I
say enthusiastic, as it strikes me as being
more palatable, but in truth I at times
thought myself in an asylum, for never
did educated and civilized beings make
such a demonstration. Why, at times it
was something fearful. Yet there is a
cause at the bottom of it all, and, there
fore, much can be overlooked.
The Athletics defeated the mighty lead
ers. This brief statement in Itself will
convey the cause of why a mass of peo
ple, nearly 5000 strong, made of them
selves a band of Piutea.
But it was not principally in the de
feat that all this happened. It was the
manner in which it came about, and all
hats were off to Hilderbrand, Fitzpatrick
and Meeney.
These three, with the assistance of their
cohorts, of course, just stole a victory
from the Gilt Edges when it seemed al
most Impossible. , ,
Hilderbrand made three hits and drove
in as many runs; Meeney made two hits
and scored three runs; Fitzpatrick held
his clever opponents down to live hits,
and there you have it.
The game was beautiful, interesting
and glorious. It started off like a walk
over for the leaders, who made five runs
before the Athletics came out of a pro
longed trance. Knurs, principally, were
responsible for their runs in these lirst
two innings, but after that the Athletics
steadied down to real baseball, and by
persistent work and clever playing finally
emerged victorious.
In the sixth inning, with the score six
to Jive against them, they went to bat,
and never stopped hammering Harvey,
the "erstwhile wonder," until two men
had crossed the plate and gave them
a lead which was held through the mas
terjy pitching of Fitzpatrick.
The contest was easily the greatest yet
seen at the park, and was enjoyed im
mensely by all. The playing of Hanley
and Lockhead was sensational, and the
game was replete with many clever skits.
McCarthy's base-running also surprised
the crowd. The score follows:
t-ACKAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 3b 3 110 14 1
Hutchinson, lb 4 1 0 0 4 1 1
Doyle 2b 6 0 10 4 2 0
Stanley, c f 10 0 8 0 0
Loddwid. 8. 8 3 2 0 115 0
W-ilkrr C r."i.:::::: 3 000200
norland, 1. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Harvey, p | 1 1 • — X —
Totals 34 1 6 1 24 13 3
ATHLETIC. :\V;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. t.... ... 3 2 13000
Hanley. 2b 6 0 0 0 2 3 1
Meeney, c. r I 3 t 0 1 0 •
Siulz. p. c 6 13 0 3 9 2
Hildebrand, r. x.... I 0 3 10 0 1
Johnston, lb 4 1 1 p 1. 0 0
McLaughlln. 3b 3 0 1113 0
Lohman, c 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Fitzpatrick, p 3 0 J> JO J> J _1
Totals 35 1 11 5 27 19 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 3 20010000-6
liase hits 0 20011010—5
Athletic ... .. 0 1202 20 0 '-7
Bale hits/.-.".:::::..... 02102402 .-n
SUMiIARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey 5. Fltzpatrick 2.
Two-base hits-Peepk>s, Borland. Meeney, Mc-
Laughlln. Hildebrand (2). Stulz (2). Sacrifice
hit— Peeples. Base on errors— Sacramento o.
Athletic 2. Bases on balls— Sacramento 4, Ath
letic 6. Left on bases— Sacramento 7, Athletic
11. Struck out— By Harvey 7. by Fitzpatrlck 3.
Double plays— Peeples to Hutchinson; Lockhead
to Doyle. Passed ball- Lohman. Wild pitch—
Fltzpatrick. Time of game— l:4o. Umpire—
Smith.
The Stocktons Won.
STOOKTOX, Oct. 16.— Stockton won
from San Jose to-day in a hard fought
game in which the two clubs played well
together until the tenth, when the Millers
began hitting Thomas viciously, and, with
the help of errors, scored five more. The
score was:
STOCKTON.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna. lb 6 2 1 0 13 0 0
Knell r. t 6 0 10 0 0 0
SmUh. 2b * 12 18 4 1
Pace, c 4 2 116 0 0
Billings, s. s 5 0 0 0 3 4 1
Guamltz. 3b 6 0 0 0 0 0 0
Mullen. 1. I 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Rice, o. I 4 12 12 0 1
Harper, p 3 10 0 0 J 0
Totals 89 1 1 1 •» 14 1
j •Eagan out. hit by batted ball.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver 6,000,000 Boms
TOH BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOBDEBB
eueh as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiuess. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiven^ss.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEBT DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, takon as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health- They promptly remove
obstructions or Irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And bave th»
LARCEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drue Stores.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Caus«
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangement* of the
Internal Viscera. 25 cte. a box. At Dnifglrta,
or by mall. KADWA.T te 00.. Mew. Tork, {
SAX JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McGucken, c. f 5 1 1 0 2 0 0
Pyne, 1. f 4 1 3 0 0 0 0
Hanlon, lb 5 0 1 0 14 2 1
Eagan, s. s 5 0 0 0 3 3 1
Reilly, 2b 5 0 10 16 1
Foley, r. f 3 0 10 10 0
Brockoff, 3b 4 0 0 0 3 10
Kent, c 4 0 1 0 3 1 2
Thomas, p 4 0 1 0 3 6 0
Totals 39 2 9 0 30* 19 6
RUNS BY IXNIXGS.
Stockton 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 5—7
Base hits 100110111 3—9
San Jose 001010000 o—2
Base hits 100120221 o—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper 1. Thomas 6.
Three-base hits— llanlon, Rt-llly. Sacrifice hits
—Nick Smith, Rio>\ Hillings. Double plays—
Hanlon to Thomas; Thomas to Brockoff. First
base on emirs— Stockton 3, Pin Jose 1. Left
on bases — Stockton a, San Jose 9. Bases on
balls — Off Harper 4, off Thomas 1. Struck out—
By Harper 3. by Thomas 3. Wild pitch—Har
per. Hit by pitched ball— Nick Smith, Pace.
Time of game— 2;io. Umpire— C. Sweeney.
Scorer— A. H. llarlln.
The "Babies" Beat Oakland.
WATSOXVILLE, Oct. lo.— This after
noon in the presence of a large audience
the Watsonvilles defeated Oakland and
an umpire by a score of 7 to 1.
The only run made by the Oaklands was
when Cramer claimed to have been hit
by a pitched ball and advanced an Oak
land player in from third. No one else
saw the play as did Cramer. In the
fourth inning Francks of the Watson
villes battod Mosklmon for a home run.
Fourteen base hits were made off Mos
kimon and one off Donlin. Mosklmon
walked six and Donlin two. Donlin
struck out six and Moskimon two. Both
men played excellent ball, and Hartman
again performed gnat backstop work (or
Donlin. This is the fourth consecutive
victory for the Babies.
"Sand Crabs" Played Ball.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 16.— The hoodo Is
off the Beach Combers. In a game of the
best kind of ball here to-day they beat
the Ban Franciscos by a score of 9 to 2,
and they would probably have gooae
egged the visitors but for a missed fly
by Arreianes at second and a wild throw
from Fitzgerald, catcher, to Devereux at
third.
The Beach Combers batted Iberg all
ov<r the field, making nine hits off him.
Borchers, for the local team, pitched a
great game, striking out fifteen men and
permitting only two hits. Batteries: San
Franciscos— lberg and Hammond; Santa
Cruz— Daubenbis and Fitzgerald. Score:
Santa Cruz 9, San Francisco 2.
Newarks Were Defeated.
DECOTO, Cal.. Oct. 16.— The San Fran
cisco Golden Gate nine won a hard
fought game of ball from the Newark
Club to-day by a score of 12 to 11. The de
feat of the Newarks was due to their
wild pitching.
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
City's Pleasure Ground Thronged.
Aquatic Sports at Sutro Baths.
It seemed yesterday that the city had
poured Its entire population through the
gates of the park and out over the lines
and boulevards leading to the beach,
those resorts of pleasure w<--re so densely
peopled. Out by Strawberry Hill in the
park and half-way to Muss.il Hock down
the beach the throngs strolled, wishing
ADVEKTISEMENTS. '}
"^
j AN ENGINEER CURED! j
+ > -• '-f
+ Another of the Remarkable Victories of +
X Dr. Sanden^s Electric Belt, +
4. _^fc. SAX FRANCISCO. -f
•^■^k ■rfvN. DR. SAN'DEX— Dear Sir: I am willing to _.
-T- **3Tftil 1^ X testify to the grand results I have received ~
-*• (t^>S **&.**. \ fn.rn following your advice and the use of 4.
leSßm& 1 \ >our "Dr. Sanden Electric Belt." lam an
-♦■ lfifißv *4 \ \ engineer on the Southern Pacific Railroad T
XsSBST T\ IV-^ and have been suffering greatly for the last 4.
+ TTT Jfcf I^v| three or four years *<rith lumbago, dlzzi-
*- tr _ ■** M\ \ *T' I , \ ness, faint and blind spells, and a general -4
IMs£y V3v v l 1 lii'*l ill* >f I i broken-down feellnp. which made it almr*t a
4- \wt&S^ V -W "■••' > \ I impoHible for me to make my run, which
, WsS&£~ -». V^.J la one of th? longest on the mad. I was 4
"*" VGm< ■ *.y —hi -■* advised to try one of your Belts, and aid .
■f- k*i 4 4. *«ftj^ifc. '***T ? '' po, purchasing the one you recommended. "▼
1 Hi \ r ' ijiT'»r^ c^^' f y . it has completely cured mo of all ! my
Sir •* S -^» *57 \^SJSA troubles aft.r two mcnths' use, and I can -f-
4- \!jf \V , V 7 j^S|ay<jr>mp now make my run with the greatest ease. ±
W S^w . * I have never had a pain or a bad feeling ~
3 i 4 l\\ fJM SB»^ after five days' use of the Belt, and I have 4-
♦• 1 >!^v\\i i*. 1 JVC JZ-'i-' Bslrff nmre lif*> in me now than I have had for _,
I < »iVit/ff'H/-sgr l aiß Bar years. On meeting my friends they always 1
♦ I *W^-'^rt±fc^sir%J*&. ; 2^i^fs*f ivin^ratnlate me on lookintr so well. I 4.
4- k V'ffeS^ai?^' te&S&^JiE&StT always feel bettor and livelier than those
NSs&^'w*'' *2Gs£r&%&f3? around me. I will always advise my friends "T"
4 |H& ' lift I WJL- who are suffering as I was to try your a
a P»£sSS^ JljWjnnßl S^Blt Belt for I can lay my restoration to '
"♦" I»FV. ■^fc^'/jfYSH tji^WSrVl liealth to nothing; else than your Dr. Pan- 4-
4. \t&f- X^£jy * * >fcra?^ffig£cißgy den's Electric Belt. With kindest regards, » j
•♦■ ~" '*"" * j J. U R(X'KWELL,' Howard street. 4-
* IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY I X
t This wonderful Belt fills the nerves and organs with electricity every ♦
"*■ night while you sleep. When you awake in the morning you are re- -f
4- freshed, wide awake and full of the Joy of living; for your nerves are 4.
♦ charged with the vim. the snap and "go" of life. Weakness vanishes, the .
4. drains and nervous spells cease; and you soon recover all the vigor of a
4. strong man.
♦ Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men/ T
"*" It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will .
♦ point out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed,
•f free to any address, or can be hal on application at the office ~r
4. Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happi- ■♦■
T ness not only of yourself, but of your family and friends, of your future. 4.
"T You should not delay. Call or address 4.
+ DR. /\. X. SANDEN, * ~ eTnoce * ♦
4. TO2 Market Btr»et. Corn»r K»»rny, Ban Franti«Bj. fJUT 111 Unllb STURtSt -f
4. Office hours. Ba,m.to S p. m. : Sundays, 10 n R . n j. n>ll Flill , tr Rplt >
Zto l. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 232 West is neve? sold In dr^K stores -*■
♦ Second street: Portland, 6r.. 253 Washington nor by traveling a^U- onTy
4. street: Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; ??„,,/ \ T *\ ellrß enlß omr -f
+ Dallas. Tex.. 255 Main street; Butte, Mont.. _ at our ofnce I _T
•♦■ 110 North Main street. . *~ 7 *" "▼
The advertisement canvasser for a St. Louis daily paper says of
Ripans Tabules :" Ever since I can remember I have been troubled
•with constipation in its severest form. So acute, in fact, at times, at
to produce dreadful headaches that, notwithstanding all the outdoor
work afforded me by my vocation, and the latitude it allowed me to
test my pedestrian abilities — which is supposed to be a successful
manner of displacing constipation — 1 was yery often compelled to
forego my pursuit of 'business.' Constipation with me seemed to
be hereditary rather than due to accidental causes, therefore much
harder to relieve. In my extremity I often resorted to most drastio
measures, but found* no cure to be permanent. In 1892, while con-
nected with the Times of El Paso, Tex., Ripans Tabules were brought
to my notice, and I used them with marked success. Nowadays I i
never suffer from such severe cases of constipation, and the violent
headaches I formerly experienced never worry me in the least. Some-
: ' times, though, when I allow myself to lapse - for a period into irreg- !
ular habits, I become shghtly constipated, but by taking the Tabules
according to directions, my bowels again pexform their functions in: a
*Uj|hlvj>fcasing manner.'^ /
to escape the masses of people that strug
gled around the centers of attraction.
After 1 o'clock not a seat was to be had
near the band stand and the crowds
lounged on the lawns within hearing of
the music. The programme was excep
tionally good, a selection from "Martha"
being- encored again and again.
"Within the course of the next few
weeks cyclists and equestrians will be af
forded greater opportunities for pleasure.
The bridle and cycle paths are well on the
road toward completion, and when they
are opened to the public a long desired
improvement will have been accom
plished. It is thought that the water
works, increasing the dally output from
the present capacity of 1,250.000 gallons to
2,000,000 gallons will be completed. This
will admit of many improvements tend
iiiK to further beautify the park.
During the last week several donations
have been added to the Park Museum.
The latest donations are two wooden rice
ladles from Japan, presented by John L.
Bard well; two large desert turtles and
one tarantula from the Mohave desert,
presented by Joseph P. Carroll; one an
cient cap pistol, presented by J. H. Cul
beiwon, and a historic china bowl, pre
sented by J. A. Cole.
The Chutes and Sutro's Baths furnished
amusement for thousands, as well as the
park and ocean. An interesting variety
performance in the big theater and the
ever popular chutes and scenic railway
entertained the visitors at the Chutes,
while the patrons of Sutro's Baths enjoy
ed the aquatic sports. In the 50-yard
dash for novices H. Miller was declared
winner, with D. Mackel second. The re
sults of other contests follow: 100-yard
juvenile, E. Bonnifield first, W. Browfatt
second; obstacle race for boys, J. Bevins
first. A. Best second; trick and fancy
spring board diving. Otto Schulte first,
B. Lacoste second; 75-yard tub race, two
in a tul). A. Hayes and C. Cassau first, A.
Attell and H. Garrity second; trapeze and
high diving. Otto Schulte first, F. Ray
mous second.
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark's.
653 Market. Country orders solicited. •
UNUSUALLY WARM DAY
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
IT MEETS WITH AXMOST UNT-
VEBSAL APPROVAL.
The Entire City Seemed to Relax
Under the Influence of a Very
Unusual Sun.
While one was much inclined to ques
tion, yesterday, the truth of the oft
repeated statement that San Franciscans
are never obliged to seek the shady side
of a street, there there can be little douut
that the continued warm weather met
with g-eneral approval.
In short, the man who asks, "Is this
warm enough for you?" was conspicuous
by his absence— not having to work, he
hied himself to the park or Cliff House
and for a time forgot his woes.
The ferry-boats did an enormous busi
ness as did the vendors of cooling: drinks
generally, and the entire city seemed to
relax for a time under the genial influence
of a very unusual sun.
The maximum temperature was Rn de
grees. To-day— if we may behove the
weather man— it will be somewhat cloudy
and cooler, with light variable winds from
the southwest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mm l 9t 1/ V WflhuV
a IT IMF 2W Bw fltt B 1
S PLUG S
H What a fool I've been not to try it before I J
Pemember the name |
I ■ v when you buy again. I
VWw W W Vx9WV VwW VvWv WW
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
• OrTIIKK.-S- rAVIFIC COMPiIfT,
(PACiriC MSItJI.I
frnlni Ie»»» nu<l lire <lue to Arrive f»l
MAN nt a N t:i«<:«.
' (Maiu_Lii,«>, Foot of Market Street)
uate — Fkom Oct. 9. 1398. — arrit*
' •0:O(U Niirs, San Jose and Way Stations... •8:48 a
7:UOa. Benida, Huisun and Sacramento.... Jo:43a
7:00 M»ry^TiiiC, Urorlileaud Kedding »ia
Woodland oi43f
7:00 a Elmira, Vacarllle and Ramsey S:43jp
7:30 a Martinez, San ßaiuon.Vallejo. Xapa,
CalUtoga and . Santa Bosa Oslo?
SiOOa Atiauttc Kxpres*, Ogil-n and F.aet.. Si4sp
SiSOa Sau Jose, Ktockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Murysvilie,
Chloo, Tehama an 4 Red Hluff 4il»F
S:3oa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7:15p
•8:8Oa Milton »7«18P
•:UOa Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Merced
and Fresno l*:l3r
IsUUi Fresno, liakersftetd. Santa n*r>>*ra, ~
Los Angeles, Deming, El Piao,
New Orl'-aus and East «j43»
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tluez 6»-i3p
10:00 a. Vollejo. Marttaez and Way Stations 7:43p
•l:OOp Sacrameuto Hirer Bte»«nrr» *l»i«Op
l:OOrKiles. San Jose and Way SUtions ... 11:45 a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J»il3a
2:00p Niies, Tracy, Mendota. Hanf ord aud I
Visalia 4ilop
....... I.iTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Station*; JI0:13a
4>«Op Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, (^alistoga, Xl Verauo aud
S«uUßoe» BilOa
4tOOr Beuicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Kt.igbts l,*ii.!i;.g. Marrsrille, Oro-
rllle and .Sacramento I©:43a
4:30p Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7«43a
8:Oop Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Harbara aud J-us
Aiiuelcs B>4Ba
BtOOp Santa Fe Routo, Atlantic Kxpreu
forMojare aud Kaat 6:43p
5:8OpN11«>. San Jo«e, Tracy, Ijithrop,
Mercsd and Fresno.
5:SOp Stockton 12j1»f
OiO»r Kuropean Mail, Ogden and I'.ast.... 9:-*s*
•6:OOr Vallejo 18:I3p
17zOOp VaUejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:4OF
S:OOp Oregon Kxiireiw.Hacrameuto, Marys-
rille. nc.l.lliiK. roitlaml, x»uget
Sminil an.l Kant g:l.*»A
SA.N LEANimo AM> HaVWARUS LOCAI^
- (Foot of Market Street.) ;
1 Melro**, Kmilnarr I'ark, f
8.«Oa Fltchburir.KlmlinrHr, o-4at
»9;OO* San I.pnnilri), Sonlh Sa« ',:,',*
lO.OOa I.eandro. KutuillliO, 19t45p
<i 1:0Oa ■ Lorenxo, Cherry ' (ii4Sp
*«2:«0M , n d J2:J5p
V-oul Hajward.. «5:4S P
7toor { RunBR un8 through to Ntler 7i45p
J t From Nilos. I
4JOAST lUVISION (Nnrroir ttange). wm
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a Newark, C'enterville, San Jo9e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations B tSOr
*»il3p Newark. OeDterrille, San Jose, New
Alznaden, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Oi3O a
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 0:20 a
flls43F Hunters' Kxcursion, San Joes and
Way Stutions t7i2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtnSl!) mKCISCO— Foot ef Markit Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *3:00 J3:00
•4:00 15:00 •6:00 p.m.
OULAHD— ro»t ofßrMilwij.— 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 •1:00 13:00 »3:00 J4:00 ?ZJMr.u.
COAST IMVIMON (Broad «aure).
(Third and Townsend ■&\.<)
7tO*A »aii .lout land" Way SUti.ms (New
Alinaden Wednesdays anly) l:3Op
8;00a Sau Jose. Trea I'inus, Hunta Crnz,
I'aclilc <3roT«, l'a»o Robles, Sau
Luis oliispo, Quadaln^e, Surf aud
l'ri,.ri[.:il Way MUtlmia 4:10t
I«i4Oa .San Jose Hitd Way HUtions *S:«O4
IliBOa San Jose and Way (Stations 8:354
•Bi43p Sau Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose.
Gllroy, Holliater, gauta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilie
Orore •10:30 a
*ti3Op SauJoseaud Way Stations •»:«Oa
•4ili»r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal "Way Stations 6:33 a
3:30r Sau Jose and Principal Way Station* 3:»or
6i:tftf San.Tobsaiid WaySliiMuiis 7:3()p
f11;43p Sau Jose mid Way Stations 7i3Or j
% A for Moniing. P /or Afternoon.
"Sundays excepted. t Sunday!" onlr. + Saturdays only
NORTH PACiFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saosalito Ferry.
FROM SAX FIUNCisCO lv MILL VALLEY
AND BAM KAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, *a:3O, 11:00 a. m.; *1:«,
8:45, 6:15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^OO, *10:0o, *ll:30 a. m.; *1:15,
8:00, »4. -30, 6:15 p. m. •
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *«:35, 7:43, ' *9:30. a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, "3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondaya, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00, •10:00, *H:55 a. m.;
•1.15, •3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:43, 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:85. 2:45, 3r,0, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 8:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m.week days— Caxadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) • ■
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bent. 11. 1SS8: -•-
Week Days— 9:30 a. m., 1:48 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:18 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. 11.
THOS COOK & SON, A««otJ, 1U M*rlw»,
\ »treet. Baa Fraacißco. _ _ -j , .. : -, __3I
BAILBOAD TEAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
Ml! FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
TlSuron F*rr*. Foot ef Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 3:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, S.JO,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6:23 P- m. «t»«^M' a , _.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park"
same schedule as above. "- . '
Leave Arrive j"
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16,
Week I Sun- IS3S. Sun- I Week
Days. days. ] Destination. days. I Days.
7:3oam S:ooam Novato, jlo:4oam| B:4oam
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
s:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:3oam Windsor, 10:25 an>
Healdsburgr,
Lytt..n.
Geyserville,
3:3opm B:Coam Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22
Hopland and
7:3oam S:ooam Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:3<:'ain: , |10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pns
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oamj 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
5:10pm 1 s:oOpm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam S:ooam SebastopoL. 10:40 am 10-25
3:3opm s:oopm 7:35 pml 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springrs; at Gey-
serville for Ska«irs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Dtincan Springs,
Highland Spring's, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottar Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Boonevllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport, Usal. Willitts, Laytonville, Cuml
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bld«.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßoute
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Pnlace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Times
Oar« San Franctoco.s:oo p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arriva Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arriv* Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTAF.LB
If You Travel on the Santa Fa.
SAfl FRMCISCO TICKET OFFICE — mm ST. .
TELEPHONE MAIN ISM.
Oakland Office— Broadway.
' Saoramento Offioe— J Street.
San Joae Office— 7 West Santa Olara 8t
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10, lk;>!>, traina will run as rollowa:
South-bound. " North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-'
Eer. Sunday Sunday] ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:2oam 9:25 am Stockton 3:45pm 7:oopm
11:10 am 12:50pm Merced 12:50pm 6:l3pm
12:4upm 4:lspm Fresno 9:3oam 3:45pm
l:3Spm l 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 am 2:4opn» j
4:25pm 11:69pm Jlakersfleld 2:3oam 12:10 pm '
l:SSpm 7:so pm Vlsalla 6:4oam [ 2:Sopra
Stopping at intermediate points as reauirod
Connections— At Stockton witn steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m daily
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. m!
dally.
For «tage connections sea official time tabl»
or inquire at Traffic Manager s Office 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. . . ' .
THE WEEKLYCALU
$1.50 per YearALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NO APOLOGY IS
NEEDED FROM
CANDIDATES
Republicans Can Rely
on Records.
DR. DUNN IS TOO TRUTHFUL
T3E LAKE DOES NOT AFFECT
OAKLAND'S HEALTH.
Growing Need of Public Parks.
Flattery of Campaign Orators.
A Rebuke Possibly
Deserved.
Oakland O/flce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 16.
Borne of the Republican candidates are
evidently laboring under a delusion. In
their speeches throughout the county
they have taken on an apologetic mood,
though why they 6hould do so is a mys
tery. There Is certainly nothing in this
campaign of the party in Alameda Coun
ty needing an apology. It is a mistake
to presume that such a necessity exists.
This is the time for an aggressive cam
paign. It Is a time when so little that Is
material and bo much that Is vaporous is
set up in the hope of defeating the Re
publican party that the opposition should
be met firmly and unflinchingly.
If any candidate has anything to be
ashamed of in his private life or in his
public capacity he should resign from the
ticket and not go around aplologizing.
Those candidates on the county t:ekei
are officeholders certainly have no
need to excuse themselves. Whai
Lave been their political pn-:
le their offices is no business of their
vi enemies, and there can certainly
be no objection raised to the manner in
office-holding candidates have- con
: their Jeparimentjj during the past
. ears.
James Barber has nothing to apologize
lor in his conduct of the Tax Collector's
. . ixed with the scandals of
ihe office during a previous adminlstra
r shines forth as clearly
Ly c><mparisim as he does by merit. Frank
::, the County Clerk, is ackiiowl
: from one end of the county to the
;u have been the most efficient and
... Clerk Uiis county has ever
Many of his bitterest political
have acknowledged this tact.
< :.iis kept a model Recor
. and, like the Clerks, every
at the convenience of
se business takes them dclv
:
Dalton has revolutionized the
: v ..ing property in this coun
• ne< essity t-xists for him to ex
; rinciples to anybody— they are
understood and appreciated.
• r candidates are all stalwart
job, ajid although they are new
offices they are none the less
ng of the fullest support not alone
party but of all ttu.se who hon
: a ciean administration.
N'ett&er can It be denied that there has
. ■ vat unity of action and desire
among all the candidates that there
1 be and which is absolutely neces
sary for the complete success of the en
cket. There is no such thing as de
n Republicanism. A man ia either
of the party or not of it. The platform
adopted at San Leandro and to which
feaity was pledged by every man who
received a nomination expresses perfect
loyalty to the principles of Lincoln down
to their recent developments by Presiduiit
McKlnley. No man who accepted that
rm should consider himself better
than any other man. Kach is but an in
tegral part of the unit, and the failure
of one is the humiliation of all. This
feeling has died out during the past week,
now that the candidates understand each
other's motives better. The great i
the dissatisfied element has always been
that men should be elected on account of
capability ;md iitness rather than because
of their political affiliations. Viewed in
this light there can be no argument ad
vanced why the entire Republican ticket
of this county and State should not bo
elected, as Dr. Pardee said at the San
iJeandro convention, "from Governor to
Constable."
Mayor Thomas certainly did right when
Jie vetoed the tax levy ordinance. Whether
ILake Merritt shall be dredged In one ;■ > ar
or two, or ten, is a matter of small im
portance to the weightier mat
ters of public schools, free library, street
Improvements and an adequate police and
fire department. Other cities sometimes
enjoy an innocent laugh at Oakland, and
during the past week Oakland has en
joyed a little joko on itself. The alleged
Jact has been heralded far and wide that
Lake Merritt is a detriment to public
health, that it threatens the lives of peo
ple tiling in its vicinity and that nothing
ehort of an expenditure of J105.500 before
;h of June would prove an adequate
.relief.
Now comes Dr. J. P. Dunn, the Health
Officer, who a couple of nights ago
f;;te<i his report to the Board of
■i. and solemnly and truthfully
that the death rate in this city is
remarkably low; in fact, that disease 1h
60 well kept in check, and that other
- operate to conserve the public
; to BUcb a marked extent, that
Oakland may truthfully be classed as the
] iest city in the State, perhaps in the
ry.
Now, this is very unkind of Dr. Dunn,
because it furnishes Mayor Thomas and
the opponents of the lake dredging prop
osition with all the argument they need
to show that the plague of death will not
ttaik through this City, oven should Lake
Llt-rritt not be touched for another year.
Of course, if, as It is said, years of sew
nge are deposited in Lake Merrltt, it
should be drc-dged, and sooner or later
■will have to be dredged. But it cannot
be forgotten that in West Oakland, where
dwell in the same space ten people for
every one that resides around j the lake,
v. marsh without any water on It existed
for a quarter of a century, and only a
year ■go w»S it reclaimed. This West
Oakland abomination was not only sew
age but a dumping: ground for all the filth
that the Scavengers collected, and which
they were permitted to dump within
breathing distance of dwelling houses, un
til an ordinance not yet three years old
prohibited their doing so. In the case of
Lake Merritt the conditions are more
favorable, for If the sewage now being |
Illegally emptied into a public water park i
be diverted from their course and con
nected with other sewers, a.s the Mayor
suggests. Lake Merrltt would certainly
not be polluted any more than it is at
present, and owing to its periodical flusli-
Ing, would undoubtedly gradually improve
and the dredging could safely be partly
left for another year, especially as during
this very dry summer Oakland has been
so healthy. A new tax levy ordinance
constructed on these lines will undoubt
edly give general satisfaction.
In a few days Oakland will have the
opportunity to express Itself
public parks. For many years— Auditor
Enow says twenty-two— there has be- n an
annuaJ agitation in favor of a puMlc
play ground. When Oakland was young
It was all a park and consequently the
necessity for permanently acquiring a
public domain was not sufficiently press
ing to be considered a3 worthy of much
attention. Each year as the city has
built out In all directions, the parka have
disappeared, until now a long ride is nec
essary to reach a breathing spot. While
It would have been more practical to
have acquired a vast tract In the neigh
borhood ot Lake Merritt years ago, the
MRS. B. STURTEVANT-PEET, Who Will Preside Over the
Tcrrjperance Convention.
' ffiWWS*?
'■ accuire the sixty acres on Adams Point,
fo beaut v the Vest Oakland Park and
! to make attractive Independent Square in
Fast Oakland is a problem that must
fppoal with Vrce to all who desire to see
some permanent improvement acquired
by this city which will be not only a
' means of enjoyment to residents, but will
serve a.s an attraction to visitors. Should
Oakland acquire adequate parks there is
no doubt that many of her wealthy citi
zens wuuld g-enerously donate the neces
sary features to make such parks places
of note. This has been the rule in every
city where parks are acquired, and there
Is already evidence that Oakland would
not be behind other cities in this respect.
While it may seem a dream, the fact
cannot be disputed that with a beautiful
boulevard around the entire lake front,
wJth the marsh from Eighth to Twelfth
streets filled in. with the lake properly
deepened and cleaned and -with a large
park bordering upon it. handsomely
ornamented with statuary, conservatory,
aviary and other appropriate improve
ments, with the West Oakland marsh
obliterated and adorned according to
plans already prepared, and with Inde
pendence Square fittingly laid out, Oak
land would be, In the eyes of the West,
twioe the city that she is at present.
Oakland Is patting Itself on the back
to-day. It really begins to believe that
its audiences are of a superior order, and
it has good reason for so believing. Last
night General Barnes, assuming one of
his most earnest expressions and atti
tudes, said: "I like to come to Oakland.
I feel at home In Oakland, because of the
high character of Its audiences. I feel
like coming home when I come here."
a few weeks ago Judge Maguire said:
"It delights me to look at this extra
ordinary audience. It is of such an in
telligent order and marked character that
it is an honor to stand before it."
Job Harrlman, the Socialist-Labor
standard-bearer, said two weeks ago:
"This is the most characteristic audience
I have audrt-ssed In my campaign. Oak
land must Indeed be an intelligent com
munity when so many people of such
evident sincerity of purpose desire to
hear the truth."
All these speeches were made fro-n the
same platform with the decorations
slightly changed. But can it be possible
that the audience was the same on all
three occasions?
Oakland society demands an apology
from somebody. In a San Francisco pa
per last week, in an article relating to
the recent crusade against leaving a
theater before the play is over, it was
maliciously stated that the offenders
were Oaklanders, who were in a hurry to
catch the boat or to Insure enough time
to enjoy a little supper before the hist
boat leaves Market street. This is not
true, for humiliating as the admission
may be. the average Oakland audience
at home rises almost en masse about two
minutes before the curtain falls, and
marches out, without having the ghost
of an excuse in re the last boat.
STUART W. BOOTH.
FREDERICK W. WICKER
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
DID NOT KNOW HIS REVOLVER
WAS LOADED.
When Found He Was AJmosc Dead
From Loss of 8100d — His Re
covery Is Extremely
Doubtful.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 16.— Frederick W.
Wicker, an insurance broker of this city,
fifty years of age, accidentally shot him
self at about 4 o'clock this afternoon at
the residence of A. Lunt. his brother-in
law, corner of Encinal avenue and Grand
street, Alameda. He was in the barn, in
rear of the residence, cleaning a number
of guns and revolvers, part of his con
siderable collection, the last weapon to
be cleaned being a 38-caliber revolver,
which he supposed to be unloaded, but
which contained a single cartridge. This
latt<-r was in some way discharged, the
bullet entering his left breast, grazing his
heart, passing directly through the left
lung, and lodging under the skin of his
back.
When found he was almost dead from
loss of blood. Dr. C. L. Pisoale was has
tily summoned, and succeeded in extract
ing the bullet. At last, accounts Mr.
Wicker was resting # more easily, but his
recovery- is hardly expected.
He served with distinction in the Prus
sian army, in which In- attained the rank
of lieutenant. Many med&lfl testify to his
meritorious conduct during this service.
Oakland Church Services.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— Rev. Dr. R. F.
Coyle delivered the morning mormon at
the First Methodi.st Episcopal Church, ex
changing pulpits with Key. Dr. Dille.
At the First Congregational <.'hurch
Rev ("has. It. Brown spoke to-night on
"The Knowledge of Forgiveness. "
Rev J T. Sunderland, at the First Uni
tarian Church, this morning spoke on
"Some Religious Suggestions from the
Roentgen Rays." ,
"Building on the Rock" was the sub
ject of Rev. Mr. Mohl's sermon at the;
First English Lutheran Church this
morning. Rev. Mr. Mohl is of San Fran-
Cl At°'the Firsf*Free Baptist Church this
evening Rev. Philip Graif gave the third
of a series of sermons on Holy Scriptures,
entitled "The Bible and Lyrical Poetry,
with a prelude on "Why Men Do Go to
' "S' eking the Savior" was Rev. Dwight
itters evening subject at the Union
street Presbyterian Church.
Found Dead in Bed.
OAKLAND, Oct. 16.— James McMeno
mie aged about 65 years, was found dead
In bed at Ltvermore this morning. He had
arrived at Livermore only a few days ago
and but little is known of his antecedents.
Coroner Baldwin was immediately noti
fied and will hold an inquest. McMenomle
in supposed to have died of heart failure.
To Hold a Mission.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 16. mission will be
inaugurated at St. Josephs Church on
Sunday next at 10 a. m. by^the Paulist
fathers of San Francisco. Meetings will
be held each day for a week, and possibly
for longer If there la sufficient encour
agement.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
WILL REPEAT
AT NO MORE
PRIMARIES
"Kid" Price Hands in
His Last Ballot.
THREE SUNDAY TRAGEDIES
A BREWER MEETS DEATH IN
HIS WAGON.
First Fatality in the Building of the
Long Tunnel at Pinole for
the Vallty Rail
road.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
903 Broadway, Oct. 16.
"Kid" Price Is dead. '-The Kid" does
not enjoy a reputation that will be em
blazoned on the ranks of fame, but he Is
one of the best known characters In this
city. I'rice was fated to be an orator,
and his gift in that direction was very
pronounced. He had a strong dislike ror
work, and for years he has never been
known to exert himself except In very
small politics, and then only enough to
Insure the barest existence. He was at
every convention, and was several times
at the same primary, and was known to
everybody.
"Kid" Price could make a good speech,
j and some years ago made several, but of
; late he has gone down the hill very fast.
! He contracted asthma and consumption,
i and two weeks ago a kindly Supervisor
I allowed him to watch for death in the Re
! celving Hospital. He recovered a little
i and was seen on the street last Friday.
! This morning he was found dead in the
i Newland House.
For some time past Price has not been
able to get enough to eat. His dayß of
usefulness as a ward heeler were over,
and the "Kid" was not wanted any more.
He was 35 years old, and a decade ago his
prospects of success in life were un
usually bright.
Joseph Leesman was found dead on a
brewery wagon near Kimniu^t i»u» n.u.n
lng.
The dead man had been in the employ
of the Oakland Bottling Company for
some time and was delivering goods at
an early hour along the county road.
At 6:15 o'clock the attention of pedes
trians and people in passing \'ehicles was
attracted to the manner in which Lees
man lay on the seat of his wagon, his
body partially reclining over several beer
while his team was leisurely moving
along near the electric car tracks.
iVaring that the driver might have mal
len asleep and that a collision with an
electric ear might ensue, several parties
tried to arouse Leesman by yelling lus
tily at him. This proving of n*> avail, par
ties stopped the horses, climbed up on the
seat, and, to their great surprise, found
i him dead.
Coroner Baldwin was notified and took
charge of the remains. An inquest will be
held. „ '
Deceased was a native of San Fran
cisco, aged 25 years. He leaves a widow
! and thr*e young children residing on
i Twenty-second street, between Broadway
! and Telegraph avenue.
Clas Joel Arnbarg, a laborer, met with
i a horrible death near San Pablo, Contra
' Costa County, last night, and his mangled
' form lies on a slab at the morgue with a
I huge hole In the chest, made by a rock.
Arnbarg had been engaged in blasting
' preparatory to the digging of a tunnel
1 for the Valley Railroad through the
| Coast Range, and on Saturday evening
i before quitting his day's labor fixed a fuse
I for one more Dlast and touched a light to
'it He waited and watched, and there be
i insr no explosion believed the fuse had not
nerformed its work. He went over to the
soot and while looking into the aperture
thp explosion came without warning and
he was hurled a considerable distance.
He was picked up dead, with a good-
Klzod rock embedded in his chest. His
face was horribly mutilated, and his right
arm and hand was nearly ripped off
The remains were immediately shipped
to this city, where deceased has relatives.
VIV was a brother of Oscar and Adolph
\i! -barer Mrs. S. Hanson and Mrs. Alma
La son The funeral will take place from
this city but the inquest will be held in
Contra Costsi County.
Deceased was a native of Sweden, aged
23 years and his death is the lirst serious
accident In the tunnel work.
SPIRITUALISTS AT WAR.
The Truth-Seekers Held Their First
Meeting Yesterday Afternoon
and Outlined a Campaign.
War has been declared by a number of
San Francisco spiritualists, who call
themselves the Truthseekers, against the
State Spiritualist Association. The former
section fired the first gun of the campaign
yesterday afternoon by holding an "anti
fraud" spiritualist meeting at Scottish
Hall and denouncing the State board in
very hard terms. The Truthseekers de
clare that the greatest .grievance they
have against the State board is that they
do nothing to suppress the frauds and
fakers of this city who are doing a thriv
ing business just at present in the slato,
card and dark seance specialties.
William E. Coleman opened the meeting
and talked long and earnestly about spir
itualism and the curse of fraudulent me
diums. He was followed by Bishop A.
Beals, J. S. Loveland and T. E. Simpson.
This* was the first meeting of the Truth
seekers, but they are very enthusiastic
over their labors and declare they will
continue denouncing the fakers until they
drive them to other fields.
W. C, T, U. TO
MEET TO-DAY
IN BERKELEY
Annual Convention of
the State Society.
WILL CONTINUE FIVE DAYS
DELEGATES COMTN"G FBOM ALL
FARTS OF THE STATE.
Ladies of the University Town Make
Elaborate Preparations to
Entertain Their
Sisters.
BERKELEY, Oct. 16.— T0-morrow aft
ernoon at 2;30 o'clock, in the First Pres
byterian Church, on Alston way, the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
California will begin Its nineteenth an
nual convention. For five, days, from
Monday until Friday inclusive, the tem
perance women of the State will meet
and discuss the gTcat work of reform that
they have undertaken. Reports on the
different kinds of work in which members
of the union engago will be read. The
questions of social purity, prison work,
work among the sailors. Sabbath observ
ance and the hundred other things for
which the white ribbon now stands are
to be the subjects of discussion in the
hands of experienced speakers and work
ers.
The white ribbon has already made its
appearance in the university town. By
to-morrow afternoon 150 delegates, all
■wearing this symbol of purity, will have
arrived. They will be received by a com
mittee from the local society, with Mrs.
P. H. Rodgers as chairman, and enter
tained at the homes of the Berkeley
white ribbonists. Mrs. B. Sturtevant-
Peet of Alameda County, State president
of the union, will preside over its meet
ings until a new president, to be elected
on Wednesday, assumes the leadership.
The programme for to-morrow is aa fol
lows:
Afternoon— State Executive Committee meet-
Ing In the parlors of the First Presbyterian
Church at 2:30 o'clock. Those taking part In
the platform exorcises meet as soon as the
committee's session Is over.
Evening— Public meeting In Stiles Hall at
7:45. State song. "California, Gem of the
Oi»an" ; prayer. Mr*. Louise M. Thomson; mu
sic; address of welcome In behalf of the city.
President J. H. Richards of the board of trus
tees; in behalf of the churches. Rev. George
B. Hatch of the First Consregatlonai Church;
In {.••half of the public schools. Superintend
ent F. E. Perham; In behalf of the University
oi' California, Professor Elmer E. Brown; In
behalf of the Berkeley W. C. T. U., Mrs.
George W. Height; vocal solo, Mrs. F. G.
Pierce; response in behalf of the State Union,
Mrs. E. E. Greene; vocal solo, Mrs. Renonden-
Balley. __^^____^_____
THESE HIGHWAYMEN
WERE NOT FOOLING
PROMPTLY " TTJRITED THEIR
SHOTGUNS LOOSE."
: Harry McManus and John Ruther
ford Receive Some of the
Leaden Pellets, but Finally
Escape.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— John Rutherford,
a carpenter, residing at SBG Milton street,
Harry MrManus of 763 Nineteenth street,
and Ralph Nordyke were attacked to
night by three murderous highwaymen
on the road back of Gill' 3 nursery, near
Berkeley.
Rutherford and his two companions had
been hunting in the hills and were home
ward bound. Darkness was setting in last
as they neared Gill's nursery, when they
heard a noise in the brush near the road.
"1 happened to look around," said Mr.
McManus to a reporter to-night at his
home, "and saw three men emerging. Just
after we passed the spot one of the high
waymen, pointing a shotgun at us, shout
ed for us to halt, but Rutherford then
whipped up the horse, and no sooner nad
he done so than a shut was fired. Some of
the shot took effect in my right side, and
Mr Rutherford was hit In one of his
arms. Nordyke was not hit. Soon an
other shot followed and the highwaymen
came running after ua, still commanding
us to halt, but, thanks to Rutherford, we
managed to get away without further in
jury."
McManus says the trio was made up
of one tall man and two short ones.
bt. Joseph's iJair.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 16.— The ladies' fair In
aid of St. Joseph's Church, which was to
have closed last night, will be continued
Monday evening. Alex Rosborough of
Oakland was the principal attraction on
the programme last night, and at the con
clusion of the entertainment, in response
to numerous requests, the managers of
the fair decided to postpone the closing
until to-morrow evening.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCIBCJO. Oct. 18, 1898. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 64; Fresno, 82; Los Ang-eles, 88; Red
Bluff 86- San Luis Obispo, hn; Pan Diej?o, 66;
Sacramento, 82; Independence, — ; Yuma, 84.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
80; minimum, 58: mean, 69.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest over the plateau re-
Kion and lowest in Southern California. The
praaaur* in falling quite rapidly along the coast
of Washington and Oregon, which would indi
cate the approach of a storm from the ocean.
It Is as yet too distant to determine its course
Ol The > temperature has generally risen In Cali
fornia and remained stationary elsewhere.
Tha weather is clear, except partly cloudy
alon* the Washington coast and in the north
portion of that State
Forecast matte at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 17. 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday,
with shower* i>n the extreme northwest coast;
liKht variable winds, becoming southerly.
Southern -California— Fair Monday; fresh
westerly wind. •
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday; warmer.
Utah— Fair; warmer Monday.
Arizona— l- - Monday. __•__„
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday; cooler; light variable wimls. becom
ing southwest.
Special from Mount TamaJpais— Clear; wind
northeast 17 miles; temperature 67. maximum
tem Pf. rl H Ur wiL.LsON. Local ForP p aßt official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October, 1898.
Mooa-s
v
«
v
21
a
IT
IT
H. October T.
I>Z\ New Moon.
Vp October 15.
•^ First Quarter,
9 . October 22.
/j-v . Ful- Koon,
\£) October 29.
IS
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrosraphle
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is boleted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball wa» dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), V. 8. N., In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslon-Btreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 17.
rlaei .. 6:21
sets 5:2S
n sets 6:38 p. m.
1:1
2::
1:1
6:
4.:
4.
4.:
8:<
6::
7:'
S:
9:1
U:i
1.1
2.:
s.:
».!
12::
1::
2:(
3 :
«:«
8.1
8.1
6.:
4.:
8:45
7:38
8:36
9:38
10:41
11:45
-0.5
—0.6
-0.6
—0.4
-0.2
0.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occur. The heights
glvnn are additions to the soundings on the
t'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is thi mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE).
Leelenaw Seattle
Bristol Departure Bar
Columbia Portland
Charles Nelson. PugPt Bound
Chllkat Humboldt
Samoa Humboldt
Al! ance Oregon Ports
Doric China and Japan
Cors Bay Newport
Signal Astoria
Cleveland St. Michael
Marlposa [Sydney
Quren (Victoria t Puget Sound
Pomona Humboldt .
Washtenaw Tacoma
State California Portland
Arcata Coob Bay
Corona San Diego
South Portland. Tacoma
North Fork Humboldt
Homer Newport
Del Norte Crescent City
City of Rio J... Manila
City of Puebla.. Manila
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound]
Santa Rosa ' San Diego
San Juan IPanama |
:. 20
;. 20
:. 21
;. 22
:. 22
;. 22
:. 22
;. 23
:. 24
;. 24
:. 25
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
O. Dollar... Yaqulna Bay. Oct. 17, 5 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego Oct. 18, 11 ami Pier 11
Umatllla .. Vie & Pfft Sd. Oct. 13, 10 am|Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Oct. 18, 10 amiPier- 11
Cy Panama Panama Oct. 18, 12 miPMSS
Chllkat JHumboldt Oct. 18. 2 pm Pier 13
Czarina Pu/?et Sound.. Oct. 18, 5 pmjPier 8
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 19, 10 amlPler 24
AuHtralia .. Honolulu Oct. 19. 2 pmiPler 7
Alliance ... Humboldt .... Oct. 19, lv amjPler 20
China k"hlna& Japan Oct. 20, 1 pmiPMSS
Cms Bay...l Newport Oct. 20, 9 am Pier 11
Arrata Coos Bay lOct. 21, 10 ami Pier 13
Santa Cruz. Alaska Oct. 21, 4 pm Pier 9
Pomona Humboldi Oct. 21. 2 pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. Puget Sound.. Oct. 21. 10 am Pier 2
State of Cal Portland Oct. 22, 10 am Pier 24
Corona {Pan Bleso Oct. 22. 11 ami Pier 11
Siunal I Grays Harbor Oct. 22, 4 pm!
Queen jVic & Pjrt Sd.lOct. 23, 10 am Pier 9
H«>iner /Newport ! Oct. 24, 9 am' Pier 11
G. W. EMer'.Portland |Oct. 25, 10 ami Pier 24
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 18.
Etmr Pennsylvania, Doxrud, 3 days from Ma
nila, via Madrono Islands 23 days, via Honolulu
9 days.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. SI hours from
San Diego, etc.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egenes, 95 hours from Na
nalmo.
Stmr Minoola, David, SS hctirs from Tacomna.
fitmr Empire, Nelson, 47 hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday, October 16.
Ship America, Harding, Nanalmo.
Ptmr Homer, Jesson. San Pedro.
Stmr Scotli, Thompson, .
Stmr North Fcrk. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hlnkle, Astoria.
Btmr Sequoia, Twlng, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Bark Coryphene. Erlckson, Port Blakeley.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, Eureka.
Echr Llllebcnne, Hansen, Coos Bay.
Schr Lilly, Bottger, Umpqua,
Schr Reliance, Su-lnbom, .
Schr Corinthian. Korth, Bowens Landing;.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct. 16, 10 p. Weather,
hazy; wind, northeast; velocity, 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 16— Bark Oen
Falrchild, lor Sydney.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 16— Schr Amer
ican Girl, hence Oct 4. ■
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 16— Ship Dashing
Wave, hence Oct 6; schr Wm Renton, from
San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 15— Ship
Wm F Starbuck, from Port Blakeley, for Cape
Town; bktn Ruth, from St. Michael. Oct 16—
Br ship Australia, from Victoria, for Tacoma.
Sailed Oct 16— Schr Robert Searles. for Che
malnus.
VENTURA— Oct 16— Stmr Geo
Loomls, hence Oct 15, and sailed for San Pran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Oct 16— Stmr
Walla Walla, hence Oct 13, for Victoria; stmr
Queen, from Victoria for San Francisco; stmr
South Portland, from Tacoma, for .
'SAN DlEGO— Failed Oct 16— Stmr Alice
Blanchard, for Clipperton Islands.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Oct 16— Schr La Chl
lena, hence Oct 13.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 16— Schr Dora
Bluhm, from Tacoma.
ASTORIA— Oct 16— Br stmr Mogul,
from Hongkong. Sailed Oct 16— Br ship Lady
Isabella, for Queenstown; Br ship Otterspool,
for Cape Town.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Oct 15— Shin w
H Starbuck, for Cape Town. Arrived Oct 16—
Schr Vega, hence Oct 4.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fek> Steamers leave Broadway
relns),^. wharf, San Francisco:
K*' % i?3sw For Alaskan ports, 10 a. ra..
1.1^^1??^ Oct. 3. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. Nov. J.
MklBP!&1\ trnnsfer at Seattle.
1 B^^Bl W| For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
l*^d<?3f*l C. Port Townsend, Seattle,
i^^Ks iiBA Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.). 19
a. m.. Oct. 3, 13. 18, 23. 28, Nov.
2 and every fifth day thereafter, transfer at
V Fo? >U Eur e k O a C (Humbo l idt Bay), » jP . m.. Oct
1. £ 11 16. 21, 26. ". Nov - *• and ever 7 flfth
d Vor he slnta r 'Cru*. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
GnvWa Santa- Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Oct. 4, 8 12. 18. 20. 24. IS. Nov.
1 lind every fourth day thereafter
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
!~ hrtft Wk { w s^n s^, ,Yd
e i7r fc^a^fMailafln;- Bay San Jos. del
Cabo Mazatlari. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayma. (Mex.). 10 a. m., 18th of every
m Fpr further Information obtain foMn. _
The company reserves i the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sallln* dates
"fIOKKT pai'lnc. -I New Montgomery
TIOKIST OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
& CO., Oen. M,
uuu 10 Market St., San Francisco.
"" THE 0. r. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Includlne Berths
|H lib $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder sails Oct. 7, 16. 25. Nov. t
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19, 28. Nov. 6. .
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22, 31. Nov. ».
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
R3O Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. ,
■ Superintendents.
■jfeyf'SMHlmjMfffli»L nlll " fl lor Honolulu only
«W JL?wi m * ednesday " October 19 >'
PBWnMlit The s - s AT7STRALTA
TIKTOWi'M fallp for Hnnolulu only
•t™" 11 * Wednesday. October 19,
s.^^T^N The S. S. MARIPOSA
loKshMsl VlMfn^hincJ -sails via Honolulu and
Q)lWl!iljlllU v Auckland for Sydney
V^fSSiP^ /SlDßiflr7U» We<sneEclay > November
ek3* "- : -'- iyJHP»» t «r2. at 2p. m. ■-■--■••
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE)
TOWN, South Africa. •' j . .
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Airents,
■ : • . 114 Montgomery at. ■'.
Frelsbt of flc«— Market Et., Saa FraaclMo. ,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique,
T ° (French Line) >-; i ;
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _ f^-^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <#< T7S
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ■■■^i"* 1
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22
LA NORMANDIE .'• Oct. 29
LA TOURAINE i- OV *,S
LA GASCOGNE -£ov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE -Nov. 19
First class to Havre ?90 and upward, o per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45: 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
BAY AHD BIVEE STEAMEBS.
~7ofiTiu^ AND VALLEJO.
Steamer tlcello. "
Hon., Tnea., Wed., Thura. and 5at.....
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:80 p. m. ex. Thars.|
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. ra.
Sundays.. 10:30 a. m. and t p.m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier L
Telephone Red tltL
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 60c; round trip, 75c. Delightful Bay
Excursions. Alvlso and return, 75c. Telephone
Main 1350.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KKARST ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
I>iseuBeB, Lost Mini hood. Debility or
disease wearing oubodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures uhi'ii
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
KMsaunseaittL* t'nrei jjuar:»n t Call orwrite.
; Mr. J . l>'. fcclßßOar. Box. 1957. San Franclnca
PROCLAMATION.
BTATB OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 183 S.
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session .begin-
j ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1537,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Belncr Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the ;
Etate of California an amendment to section i
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or echool district shall ln-
I cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for I
Euch year, without the assent of two-thirds i
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
! the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
I due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any etreet, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
: and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
; claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred in the construction
Of Its water works, whenever two-"thirds of the
I electors thereof voting at an election held for
i that purpose shall so decide. Any lndebted-
I ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
•hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
fßelng Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Etate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the ' State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
i their own government. The said proposed new
i section to read as follows:
Section 7V4- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State.
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county at any gen-
eral or special electron, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
euch county which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
i tive body of such county, and the other copy
: to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
: county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
' eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
' least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
• submitted to the qualified electors of such
i county at a general or special election, and ir
■ a majority of such qualified electors voting
■ thereon shall ratify the same it shall there-
' after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
i cower of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
Sroved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A cory of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State, the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
™11 courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
«r>»» county government act so ratified may be
-mended at Intervals of not less than two
v£ars by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
ouattfled electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
©resented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot Tt er be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
whfch the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
Mon* for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have
and for the compensation payable to each of
euch deputies, for the manner In which the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Sed or appointed and for the constitution,
retrulation compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attajAeaj
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may in addition determine the
te"t- and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
count? government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature a*
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a svfitem of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply
Said county government act shall as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the I eeislature except by amendment first
subletted to the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
•; AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. -
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Rtate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to he known and designated as section five and
one naif article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known a3 the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tinn tr> read as follows:
"section 5%. The Court of Claims Khali con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court.
who may b« requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, an.l
Ua Judgment thereon shall be final. . The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
and ■■;•■ ■ '•,.-. , »■■ • , . . ■
\ In tho City of Sacramento. comm.encln* ca
AUCTION SALES.
4a KILLIP & CO., -£a
Live Stock and General Auctioneers.' ll Mont-
;'•' gomery street, San Francisco.
THURSDAY, October 20, 1898,
AT 11 A. M.,
AT SALESYARD,
Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market Street,
IMPORTANT SALE OF
HIGH - BRED ROADSTERS,
Property of
THOMAS BROWN, ESQ.,
Comprising forty head of Mares and Geldlners,
mostly standard bred, being the get of the not«d
stallions:
DEXTER PRINCE, CUPID, DEXTERWOOD,
BAY ROSE, Etc.,
Out of the choicest bred Trotting Maree.
Among them are matched teams, very hand-
some and speedy. These horses are well sea-
soned, broken and ready to work. Horses at
yard, Sunday, October. 16.
Catalogues now ready.
--iL . KILLIP & CO.,
11 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
'v great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
-
the second Monday of November of each year,
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury,
me Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
of this there and to carry out the proviaioM
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional. Amendment
No. 87.)
RtaV resolution to propose to the people of the
♦-. ♦. °rnla an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the state . amending article eleven.
| t>y adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
aald proposed new section to read as follows:
,c, ec tion 5%. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply *o
any consolidated city *.nd county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
I have become, or shall become, organized under
: section eeven, or secure a charter under eection
j eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
btate of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
earne manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for tha
residue of the term, or until the disability shail
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cea9e. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor,
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER BIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 35.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to>
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which.
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of thai
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is ' proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessibns of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
( the first Monday 1 after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor . shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall ba
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete ita
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced la either hover* ex*
cept at the first twenty.ttr* days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of tha
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide, for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of tha
State of California, to the qualified electors fo»
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883.
the above-described proppsed amendments ar»
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, "by ballet, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on 5?
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep>
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hl»
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate f.
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francleco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Ta«
of Vallejo for the construction of its — — >
water works from the provisions of Na
the Constitution requlrtng such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment? (_;
Amendment Number Two. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea"
(providing for framing, local county' ... .
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? '-^t,IT-
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f.
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Teal
against the State, and to conslet of' . -
three Superior Judges designated by N.O)
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? '{}
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. S7 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or- ■
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- N. 4
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment? {}
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Te*
, providing for > succession thereto In — —
certain cases and removing disability No)
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? I'
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 28 Tea
(relating to and defining Grammar .
Schools). Ne
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less . than . thirty- ■
nor more than sixty days during each , Na
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of tha
State of California,' . the day and year herel*
first above written.
. . ■ ■ i JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. 11. BROWN. Secretary of Bute*
ISEAL.J .~-; . — ; r '■;'..' '
78
GAGE IN THE
NORTHERN PART
OF THE STATE
Has Planned a Lively
Week's Work.
A BIG RALLY AT SACRAMENTO
GEORGE A. KNIGHT IS TO TOUR
THE SOUTH.
Webster Davis, the Famous Eastern
Orator, to Be Heard — Students
Preparing for a Great
Meeting.
Henry T. Gage, the Republican stand
ard-bearer, will begin his campaipn in
the section of the State north of Stock- j
ton to-day. During the day he will meet |
the voters of Angels Camp, San Andreas
and Mokleumne Hill. In the evening he
Is to speak at Jackson. At this point he
will be assisted by Judge A. P. Van
Duzer.
The people of Gait will hear Mr. Gage
on Tuesday afternoon and on the even
ing of the same day he will address a
great meeting at Sacramento, at which
General Barnes will also be heard. This
meeting will be under the auspices of
the Army and Navy League and the club
organizations of the Capital city.
Wednesday will be spent with the peo
ple of Auburn, Thursday afternoon with
the Nevada City voters and in the even
ing he will address the people of Grass
Valley.
Woodland will be visited on Friday,
where speeches are to be delivered by Mr.
Gage and Senator Perkins.
On Saturday Mr. Cape will address
the people of Redding and vicinity.
George A. Knight is to take the stump,
and will begin his canvass on the 24th
inst., closing with a tour of the southern
part of the State.
on October 29 Mr. Gage will speak in
Oakland.
Webster Davis, the famous political
orator from the East, will make a few
speeches during the latter end of the
contest, beginning at Sacramento on the
22d. He will address a big meeting in
this city on October 31.
There will be a big rally of the stu
dents of the California and Stanford Vni
versities on Saturday evening, the 29th
inst. This is expected to be one of the
striking features of the campaign.
Ex-Congressman James McLachlan is
to make an extensive tour of the Sixth
District. ,
A Republican Week.
There will be a big Republican rally
this wpfk.
It will start off to-night at Drew's
Hall, at 121 New Montgomery street,
where Hon. D. A. McKinlay will address
the artisans, the mechanics and the la
boring men of this city upon the politics
of the day and wai point out to them the
fallacies and inconsistencies of the
single-tax doctrine as only a man of ->Ir.
McKinlay's understanding of that sub
ject can.
Other speakers who will take the ros
trum are: Julius Kahn, nominee for
Congress from the Fifth District, and
the Hon. C. L. Patton, who heads the
local Republican ticket.
For the balance of the week the sched
ule is as follows:
Tuesday night, Cyclery nail, Hafght
LOVE FEAST OF
THE IROQUOIS BRAVES.
Democratic Club Men Dine
Under a San Leandro
Grapevine Arbor.
THE annual love feast of braves
of the Iroquois Democratic
Club was held yesterday at
San Leandro. It assumed the
form of a bullshead breakfast under
the grape vine arbor of Estadillo i
House. The day was like one In
June, making dining undfr the
bluest of blue skies a delightful
fuiK tion, evr-n though the year be
waning; rapidly.
President Thomas J. Walsh looked
after the- comfort of the gnests, he
being assisted by the trustees of the
club— Louis Metzger, Fred Ruabe.
C. H. Holcombe, M. H. Mead.
Thomas Burns, L. V. Merle and \V.
J. Bryan. Under their watchful eyes
no hungry man was turned away
from the bountifully laden tables of
host Godchaux. A string orchestra
dispense)} sweet music, while be
tween t/e speeches of Democratic
spellbinders, the Iroquois Club quar
tet rendered vocal numbers appro
priate to the occasion. Their polit
ical songs were invariably cast to
the music of some popular refrain
with words changed to fit the crime.
James G. Maguire was not present
at the speech making. He crossed
the bay with the members, but re
mained in Oakland, as he purposed
leaving for the north early in the
afternoon. Many other notables were
absent. Among the speakers intro
duced by Toastmaster Fred Raabe
were T C. Stoddard of Alameda
County, T. F. Bonnet, Peter J.
Kelly, John P. Dunn. L. C. Bying
ton J. J. Tobin George H. Cabaniss,
Finlay Cook. Benjamin F. Debow,
Archie Campbell and William M.
Hinton.
No flights of oratory were at
tempted by the speakers, although
each reiterated the sentiments of
President Walsh that they had never
entered a campaign with such feel
ings of ultimate success. The father
of the Iroquois was not called upon
and Stayan streets; speakers, Hon. C. L.
Patton. D. E. McKinlay and others.
Wednesday night, Metropolitan Tem
ple, D. E. McKinlay will fully discuss
single tax and protection to Amercian
Vhere will be music and the latest
campaign songs as a reaction from tne
more serious business and rousing meet
ings are expected.
Forty-Third District Club.
The Forty-thifd District Republican
Club held its regular meeting at 412 Jack
son street Saturday night. President Ja
cob Dreyfuss was in the chair. After the
routine of business several short but stir
ring addresses were delivered by Jacob
Miller, S. Shaw, William Golden. J. J.
Applegate and others.
GLEN PARK OPENING.
Professor J. Williams, the Intrepid
Cliff House Bird Man, Walks
the High Wire.
Tho announcement that Professor J.
Williams would attempt to cross Glen
Park Canyon, 1000 feet in width, on a
tight rope, 300 feet above the ground,
drew several thousand people to the
opening of Glen Park and Mission Zoo
yesterday afternoon.
The ever-ready and courageous profes
sor, best known, perhaps.through his ex
hibitions of trained birds at the <~~/f
House, set out on his perilous walk at
about 2 o'clock, making the passage,
from bank to bank, in about ten minutes.
The playing of the Fourth Cavalry
Band was much enjoyed and Moro Castle,
with its wild animals, the donkeys, Punch
and Judy show, swings, etc., received
their full share of attention.
The balloon ascension to have been
made by Professor Charles Conlon, was
a dismal failure— the balloon failing to
clear him from the ground and collapsing
ignominiously on an adjoining hillside.
A second attempt was even more dis
astrous, the balloon catching fire and be
ing totally destroyed.
It was but little regretted, having ac
quired the reputation of being unlucky
through its responsibility for the death
of a boy in Oakland and the accident to
ProfeSor Vosmer last Sunday. Shade in
the park was desirable, but scarce; and
the charge of 5 cents per glass for ice
water at the refreshment Dooth aroused
much indignation. J.he street car ser
vice was quite inadequate to meet the
demands upon it; but increased facilities
are promised for next Sunday.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. M. M. Shearer and family are at the
Grand.
Dr. F. Huhlman of Grevenbroich is at
the Palace.
E. Lauzon, a mining man of Virginia
City, is at the Russ.
F. M. Chittenden. a fruit grower of
Fresno, is at the Grand.
James F. Bushnell and A. L. Brooks of
Chicago are at the Palace.
John J. Snyder, the District Attorney of
San Andreas, is at the Grand.
William Lombard and son, hop raisers
of Wheatland, are at the Russ.
Albert C. Engard, U. S. N., chief engi
neer of the Philadelphia, is at the Palace.
Edward L. Hutchison, the Democratic
nominee for Lieutenant Governor, is at
the California.
J. H. P. Voories. a capitalist of Denver.
Col., is at the California, accompanied by
his wife:- They will spend the winter in
California.
R. B. Marshall, S. S. Hooper and E. G.
Hamilton, all connected with the United
States Geological Survey, are stopping at
the Occidental.
Lieutenant William P. Elliote of the
Baltimore arrived from Manila yesterday
with the remains of Chaplain Freeman,
who committed suicide at Nagasaki.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— John Mackey of
Sacramento is at the Gilsey. Baroness
yon Schroeder of San Francisco is at the
Albemarle.
to speak, neither was Major Har
ney. The club was frequently re
ferred to as the bulwarks of the
Democratic party of the State.
Among the guests of the club
were:
Thomas J. Walsh, president; T. F.
Bonnet. Jr,hn P. Dunn, T. E. Thomp
son. Ike Hyman. John Bennett, A. J.
Lowenberg, Jacob Peterson, V. T. Peter
sen. C. M. Sorensen. Joseph B. Toplitz,
Miss Johanna Toplitz, Jefferson G. James,
Rector Graves. Robert Day, George H.
Cabaniss, J. J. Graves, \V. D. Leahy,
Otto H. Mohr, G. Krimphoff, John F.
Barnett. Samuel McKee, CUtus Barbour,
James J. Fllnn. Samuel Matthews, J. J.
Reagan, Miss P. Armstrong, Miss E.
Armstrong, J. J. MoElroy. Captain M.
Ault. Marcellus Quigley, Mrs. M. Ault,
S. L. Corterge, John Wulff, Mr. and
Mrs. Leo Fuchs, Miss E. Funksler. H.
Lamms, Miss Frances Fuchs. J. Foley, C.
Kellus, Mrs. P. Pohnaltaeher. Mrs. C.
Metzger, Morrl? Metzger, Louis Metzger,
Bylvain Kchnaitacher. Mr. and Mrs. M.
M. Foote, Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Rea. Mr.
and Mrs. John Kavanagh, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Ash worth, F. A. Choplns, Mr.
nnd Mrs. Jules Gearhardt, Robert Avy,
Captain and Mrs. D. J. Fleming, Mr. and
Mrs. M. McGowan, Charles A. Bantel.
Opcnr Horhs, Max Fenner. Henry A.
Hellwegen, W. J. Rushmeyer, B. F.
Peboy. Mlsb Cella Flelsher, Mr. and
Mrs. George Pryden, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Beck, J. J. Levy, Mr. and Mrs. M.
S<-hrnitt. J. Michaels, Mrs. P. Wellln,
P. M. Wellin. W. M. Hlnton. Miss M.
Kelly. J. C. Gorman, P. A. Byrne, A.
P. Cridge, Mrs. Thomas Butler, Charles
F. Irarcman, Mrs. F. M. Burgraan, W.
M. Hlnton Jr.. C. C. Iversen, C. J. Iver
p»n. Mr. and Mrs. D. P. Hayes, Thomaa
Morgan, Barton Perry, May Belger. Mrs.
<\ M. Buck, Mr. and Mrs. Michael K.
Sellg, C. A. Roller, H. J. Cooper. Ray
Kinsman. Captain and Mrs. Phil Browne,
1 1 3, Gordon and son, E. J. Forster,
Archie Campbell, J. W. Koch, A. Till
mann, J. J. Lynch, F. A. Baldwin. A. D.
Pratt and family, T. C. Stoddard, F. S.
Crandell. Max Glass, Ed White, John
Mullen, William M. Cannon. Mr. and
Mrs. James Glbb. Finlay Cook, P. M.
Gaffey, L. F. Byington, Rhodes Borden,
F. C. Drew. 11. M. Hnrnleln, E. R. Rock,
J. W. Murphy and son, J. Glove, J. J.
Tohin, G. Crandall, N. V. Merle, L. V.
Marie and family, J. Glldea, J. H.
Zemansky, Peter McCann, Miss A. Far
ron, Miss A. McDonald, A. W. Alsip, M.
Barman, P. J. Thomas, E. B. Thomas,
W. C. Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. L. J. Welch,
W. G. Hughes, Miss Helena Hlttle, A. D.
Mlesegaes, A. D. Lemon, Charles Klesel,
B. Krembark, August Vhlenbrock, Mrs.
M. Wagner, Mrs. Genthelmer, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Wagner, Mr. and Mrs. J.
C. Bullock.
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
URGE ALLEGIANCE
TO PARTY CREED
An Address by National
Democrats.
DENOUNCES THE BRYANITES
SIXTEEN-TO-ONE THEORY DE-
CLARED FALLACIOUS.
Followers of Jeffersonian Traditions
Asked to Work for the Defeat
of the Chicago Platform
Candidates.
Special Dlipatch to The CalL
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 16— The Na
tional Democratic Committee issued tho
following address to-day;
To the National Democrats of the Unit
ed States: Your National Committee,
speaking for the National Democratic
party, congratulates the country on tne
empnatic and merited condemnation at
the polls by the people in lbifG of the ais
honorable and dangerous doctrines pro
mulgated by the Chicago platform, i-he
moral influence exerted by the Indianap
olis convention hits amply compensated
for the efforts made in behalf ot unal
loyed Democratic principles, as held and
taught by Jefferson, Jackson, Tilden and
Cleveland. And to-day this platform is
the rock and firm foundation on which
alone a Democrat can rest his political
faith. We, therefore, take this oppor
tunity to reaffirm with accumulated force
the principles of our party as enunciated
at Indianapolis in 1896.
We believe that the theory of so-called
protection, which, in its last analysis, in
volves the spoliation of the many for the
benefit of the few, is dishonest, and that
it directly and inevitably breeds trusts,
monopolies and those special privileges
by which the cunning and unscrupulous
prey on their unsuspecting and credulous
fellow citizens. The protective tax is not
only dishonest and oppressive but it ob
structs that free and natural interchange
of commodities which would increasingly
tend to lessen the cost of the necessities
and comforts of life to our wage-earning
classes. It has destroyed our merchant
navy. It has practically driven our flag
from the seas, and has forced us into the
humiliating necessity of paying vast and
constant tribute to other nations for
ocean carriage. We oppose the extension
of this insular system to any colonies
that we have acquired or hereafter may
acquire, and favor, as we always have
favored, the widest freedom of trade. It
is folly to think of securing foreign mar
kets unless we are willing to trade with
foreign countries. Especially do we de
nounce the Chicago platform for its virtual
abandonment of this great and time-hon
ored principle.
The doctrine of free silver is an exten
sion of the protective principle. Free coin
age is the protection of a few silver mine
owners, at the expense of our laboring
classes. This policy, were it adopted.,
would rob the workers of half their earn
ings, and, by unsettling values, would
bring about a paralysis of trade and com
merce and reduce us financially to the
level of barbarous and uncivilized nation*.
We are unreservedly for the single gold
standard, and oppose international bimet
alism, so called, as both impracticable and
undesirable. We believe that the theory
of one standard, and the selection of gold
as that standard, has been struck off in
the mint of human experience, as the re
sult of a slowly developed and beneficent
evolution in civilization.
More than ever do we believe that the
continued existence of our National or
ganization is desirable for the well-being
of our country. There is no other party
that represents the principles for which
we are proud to stand. Our work is not
completed. We are not only against free
silver, but we are for sound money.
The same causes that induced the In
dianapolis convention of 1K96 Still exist.
The financial relief expected of the pres
ent administration has not been given.
The recent utterances of no less than six
teen members of the Democratic National
Committee, declaring for free silver and
the renomination of Mr. Bryan, show
conclusively that efforts will be made 'o
fight the campaign of 1900 on the free sii
ver issue and under the old leader. Afc
long as the principles of the Indianapolis
platform remain disregarded by the old
parties, our duty to our country, to our
party and to ourselves, demands that we
should continue our fight against free
silver and keep up our efforts to secure
for this nation such financial legislation
as shall make us commercially the strong
est nation in the world.
We protest against the pollution of the
Democratic party by alliance with those
financial declarations which are at war
with its old and true creed.
With the situation as it exists In some
of the various States we have no prov
ince to interfere. The National Demo
crats of each State must solve their local
problems in such a way as may seem to
them moat likely to insure the triumphs
of the principles for which the national
organization stands, and to the mainte
nance of which it is solemnly pledged.
We seek no offices and wjsh for no re
wards, except those that flow from the
consciousness of duty done. Our prin
ciples, tho gold standard, monetary re
form, tariff for revenue only, civil serv
ice reform, rigid economy in the admin
istration of the Government, the mainte
nance of law and order, freedom of con
tract and the protection of all contract
rights must triumph if our representa
tive Federal republic is to be perpetuated.
In behalf of these principles we appeal
to the sober, settled judgment of the
American people. We should be prepared
now and at all times to defend them
against assault from any quarter.
It is our earnest hope that our fellow
Democrats in every nook and corner of
our land may realize their error in follow
ing the vagaries of the Chicago platform,
and may unite with us in the advocacy
and promulgation of those sound and
fundamental political principles which
will lead to a gratification of them by the
votes of the people, insuring a truly Dem
ocratic victory.
The National Committee of the National
Democratic party, by George Foster Pea
body, Chairman.
ANGELS CAMP'S RECEPTION
TO CANDIDATE GAGE
Twelve Hundred People Gather in the
Mountain Town to Bid Him
Welcome.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 16.-Flags,
streamers and bunting on business
houses and residences, bonfires and band
music, were in evidence when Henry T.
Gage, V. T. Gaskill and W. J. Foley en
tered the town to-night. The Angels Ho
tel was beautifully decorated within and
without in honor of the distinguished
guest. At 7 o'clock a committee of Pio
neers and the Angels band started up the
road and met the party. Flags were to
be seen everywhere and people lined the
road to welcome the candidate.
Mr. Gage was comfortably ensconced
in a carriage drawn by two handsome
grays, and preceded by the band, play
ing a patriotic air, a grand entrance was
made Into the town. Cheer upon cheer
rang out when the party alighted at the
hotel. Frank Egan of the County Cen
tral Committee was at hand and assumed
charge of the guests. A sumptuous re
past was served in the beautifully dec
orated dining room, while Mr. Egan ad
dressed the waiting crowd. He stated
that as it was Sunda.y Mr. Gage could not
address them, but would hold an informal
reception in the hotel parlors later and
would speak at 9 o'clock in the morning.
Mr. Gage estimates that fully 1200 peo
ple assembled to give him this rousing
reception. He was favorably impressed
with the band music and was surprised
that a mountain town should have such
splendid talent.
Garibaldi Guards Celebrate.
Tho Garibaldi Guards gave a ball at
their hall on Broadway last evening in
celebration of the 406 th anniversary of
the discovery of America by Christopher
Columbus. The hall was filled with the
numerous members of the organization
and their friends. Dancing, the principal
amusement, was continued until a late
hour.
GOSSIP OF THE
TURFMEN UNO
RACEHORSES
Grand Performance of
La Goleta.
HEADWATER ALSO A CRACK
TALK OP RIENZI HUGHES SOON
RETIRING.
Five California Horses Win in One
Day at Morris Park— Devon a
"Comer" — Grannan to
Book Here.
La Goleta, the Baldwin filly, by Amigo-
Rosebud, was easily the star performer
at the Los Angeles meeting, which closed
Saturday last. To her credit were live
furlongs in 1:00 (98 pounds up), seven fur
longs in 1:26^ (107 pounds up) and a mile
in 1:39% (111 pounds up). As the coast rec
ords are :59, 1:26 and 1:89*4 respectively,
and La Goleta won these races easily, she
must be accounted a real "phenom." Such
horses as Grady, Shasta Water and Mar
plot could not make the Baldwin filly ex
tend herself a little bit, and Judging by
this she should be a factor in the stakes
here next winter.
Headwater, who ran five and a half fur
longs in l:o7^s with 118 pounds up last
Saturday, was about the best two-year
old shown at the Los Angeles meeting.
He is a bay gelding, by imp. Watercress
(one of the first of that horse's get in
America), from Headflower, a young
Flood mare raced successfully by A. B.
Spreckels. Mr. Spreckels bred Head
water and he was foaled at the Napa
ranch. Hugh Jones secured him last
spring and made a great "killins" the
lirst time Headwater was started at St.
Louis last spring.
It is rumored that Rlenzi Hughes will
soon retire from the turf, his health be
ing anything but good. He owns such
good ones as Anne Page and Jennie Reid.
The appointment of Edwin F. Smith as
presiding judge at Oakland meets with
general approval, as he is a Calirornian
and has been identified with it».cing (as
secretary of the State Agricultural Soci
ety) since 1879. He is thoroughly capa
ble, and for months acted as presiding
judge at Bay District track, giving per
fect satisfaction.
Norman Brough is said to be the new
member of the hrm of Killip & Co., which
will hold a few auction sales of thorough
breds here next winter.
It is probable that Mr. Leavitt of Oak
land, a candidate for the State Senate,
will secure the programme privilege at
both the Oakland and Ingleside track
for the coming long racing season.
Jimmy Michaels, the crack professional
bicyclist, is exercising Will Wallace's
horses these days at Hawthorne track,
and can "do" 9S pounds. Wallace says
of him: "He has a good seat, is anxious
to ride, and one of these days when I
have an easy horso to ride and the neid
Is small I am going to put him up."
In the Dixiana stakes, won by Briar
Sweet, every starter had won its last
previous race.
Of a race won by Basqull at Hawthorne
the, other day and of "Virginia" Carroll,
who is coming to California shortly, the
Daily Racing Form of Chicago has the
following to say:
Johnny McHale bet on Basqull at 30 to 1.
saying "My horse can beat Buckvidere." Vlr
fftnia Carroll was severely punlshe.i for his
kidding, as when a man bet $10 on Basqull
at 30 he port")! 40, Kot another $10 :ind going
to 50 was again winded. When McHaie bet him
$10 nt 30 to, 1 Carroll said "Thank you." and
Mi-Hale reciprocated the politeness when he
Kot the ticket cashed.
At Morris Park one day last week Cali
fornia horses were very much in it, live
of them winning out of six races run.
Tho winners were Julius Caesar (by
Tyrant-Stella), Toluca (by Nomad-
Sweet), Briar Sweet (by imp. Sir Modred-
Sweotbrian. Sir Walter (by imp. Midlo
thian-La Scala) and Scotch Plaid (by
imp. Midlothian-Mottle). Four of the five
were bred at J. B. Haggin's Rancho del
Paso in Sacramento County.
Midlo won a seven furlong dash at
Windsor, Ontario, last w«ek. The Mid
lothian gelding now belongs to C. Scan
lan. Mldlo was bred by the late Simeon
G. Reed.
Ed Corrigan was disabled in a runaway
accident in Chicago the day that Alpen
won the stallion stakes. Sam Ecker of St.
Louis was riding with him and was also
badly shaken up and bruised. An old lady
on a bicycle scared the Corrigan road-
ster.
Mrs. Jimmie, a recent winner at Wind
sor, is by imp. Goldfinch-Delight, and
therefore a product of Rancho del Paso.
Jack Reavey, a well-known California
trainer, is very ill in this city.
Devln. who has been doing considerable
riding for Tom Boyle and B. J. Baldwin,
Is a "'comer." Experts say he is sure to
turn out a high-class horse pilot.
Cole Ullman, well known here, had a
eood day at Hawthorne on the 11th, beat
ing Hindoo's Dream (15 to 1) and winning
$2800 by the victory of Basquil.
Riley Grannan has announced that he
will make books in California during the
coming winter. The plunger swears off
on the Golden State racing regularly, but
is generally found at either Oakland or
Ingleside before the snow flies in Ken-
Charles F. Price, who will be chief of
the board of stewards for the California
Jockey Club during the coming meetings,
has gone on a visit to Los Angeles, where
he has some old Louisville friends Mr
Price is a very vigilant racing official and
quick to detect anything wrong about a
race. He watches the equipment of raN
lopers very closely. If a horse runs with
out blinkers one day, the next time has
them on and wins and the third time out
is noticed without them, "something is
liable to drap." The same applies to
spurs or whip. From the time the horses
come out of the paddock gate to go <n
the starting post until the winning post
is passed Mr. Price never takes his eyes
off the bunch of horses and riders, and
the probabilities are that his presence In
the Httle box of a stand in the Inclosure
at Oakland will be exceedingly beneficial
to those who want to "get a run for their
coin M and correspondingly disastrous to
the dealers in "mackerels AllyQ _ „„,,
Pat Dunne's stable with Ail>ar and
other good ones in it, will be rullj as
nrominent as the one he had out this way
two years since, when Salvable. Preston
and several others gathered handfuls of
coin for the young turfmnn.
Harry Kuhl, *ho will act as associate
to Ed Smith in the judges' stand at Ingle
«l<V has been secretary of the Hawthorne
Association for several years. He has
wn in California during two seasons.
A Disastrous Spree.
A Lagasetti, who keeps a lodging
house on Jackson street, near Montgom
ery avenue, started out with some
friends last n nt for "a little time.
After considerable indulgence in spiritu
ous liquors, the party became boisterous
and in a scuffle Lagasettl was hit on the
head by a cane in the hands of one of his
companions. He fell across the car
track at the corner or Kearny and Mont
gomery avenue, and was taken to the
Harbor Hospital. Upon his arrival there
it was found that his skull had been frac
tured but the officers think that the rail,
more than the blow, may have been the
cause. He was unconscious and little
hope is entertained of his recovery.
Circus Drawing Crowds.
The second performance of the great
VTaKnc* Circus took place last nijfht at
Central Park. The tents were packed to
suffocation and the audience went away
satisfied. The wonderful acrobatic work
of ilir N'rlnrn family will 3O.lt.»':tuta tho
drawing card for the circus and turpas-»fcs
anything of ilfl Kinn ever preit-nt^d on the
coast. Large crowds view tho animals
r ail> and take in the various side Hhovrs
when the lights in the main tents are ex
tinguished. The wild man is the prime
attraction in the annex. He is fed every
night on raw meat and tears it in his long
teeth with the avidity of a tiger. He is
kept in a large cage with shackles on his
limbs.
SOME EXCITING
CONTESTS ON
LAKE BOHEMIA
Alameda Champions
Are Beaten.
WEBB DEFEATS PALLAS
DR. C. C. DENNIS WINS THE
SENIOR SKIFP RACE.
Barge Race Between Dolphins and
Pioneers Results in Easy Vic
tory for the Long Bridge
Oarsmen.
Even on Saturday Guerneville was full
of visitors from Santa Rosa, Petaluma,
Healdsburg and other neighboring cities,
who thronged the grand stand and wes
terly bank of Lake Bohemia to view the
barge and skiff races and other aquatic
events arranged by the oarsmen of the
San Francisco Bay clubs.
The first event yesterday was a
Ihe first event on the programme was a
barge race between the Olympics, the
Dolphins and the Alamedas. The Ala
meda seniors had been victorious at El
Cainpo and Astoria, the Dolphins had
practiced more regularly and faithfully
than any of the crews, and the Olympics
were said by a knowing one to be the
coming winners. The Dolphins had the
center station, the Olympics the outside
and the Alamedas the inside. Pape set
a very fast stroke at the beginning, and
the Dolphins jumped away with the lead.
After about two-thirds of the course had
been covered all the crews took the inside
water and the race became a procession,
the Dolphins winning by three lengths
and the same distance separating the
Olympics and the Alamedas. The crews
were made up as follows and finished in
the order named: First, Dolphins— Victor
Cagliert, bow; F. Schwarting, No. 2; W.
O. Patch, No. 3; A. W. Pape, stroke, and
Ed Bartman, cockswain. Second, Olym
pics—F. Grim, bow; J. W. Morton, No. 2;
Paul Sturdivant, No. 3; H. Collins, stroke,
and Roy West, cockswain. Third—Ala
meda Seniors— E. B. Hadcock, bow; W.
G. Hansen, No. 2; Atwell Webb, No. 3;
F. W. Ayers, stroke, and Ed Hansen,
cockswain.
The second event, a canoe race, be
tween J. S. Earls of the Dolphins, and
L. Hammersmith of the Olympics, was
won easily by the latter.
The third event, the junior skiff race,
brought out J. Pallas of the South Ends,
Bert Guiid of the Alamedas and Atwell
Webb of the Alamedas, the winner of
Saturday's heat. A. Webb won gomfort
ably by four or five lengths, J. Pallas
finished second and Bert Guild of the
A.amedas third.
The fourth event, the final heat of the
Senior Skiff race, brought out C. Ochs of
the Pioneers. Dr. C. C. Dennis of the
South Ends and Fred Ayers of the Ala
medas. On Saturday Ochs had beaten
tho South End representative, and yes
terday he led him for a considerable dis
tance, but. after a game struggle, Ochs
was passed by Dr. Dennis, who won a
fine race b>t about two lengths. F. Ayers
did not finish.
The skiff race was followed by a water
polo contest between the Lurline and
Olympic swimming clubs. The Lurline
team consisted of W. C. Pomin (captain).
H. A. Widemann, J. A. Geddes, 11. de
Lyons, E. Smith, P. Sheppard and S.
ilacdougall. The Olympic team was
made up of J. Cosgrave, C. Kreling, W.
Taylor, C. M. Connelly, A. W. Taylor.
Lester Hammersmith and J. A. Jackson.
The game consisted of two fourteen
minute halves, and was very closely con
tested. C. Krellng kept goal for the
Olympics in the first half and L. Ham
mersmith in the second half; H. A. Wide
mann was goal keeper for the Lurlines in
the first half. Both goal-keepers stopped
some clever throws for goal, and no score
was made on either side during the first
half; in the second half the Lurlines
scored one goal.
The sixth and last event on the pro
gramme was the most exciting, and the
one about the outcome of which the
most doubt was felt. The Pioneers were
a strong crew, while the Dolphins had
won their heat earlier in the afternoon
by a considerable margin. However, as
soon as the barges came in sight it was
seen that the Pioneers were rowing
strongly and had a long lead, while the
Dolphins were rowing a fast stroke, but
not pulling it well through. The Pioneers
won as they liked by ten lengths. In
justice to the Dolphins it should be said
that their stroke, A. W. Pape, was in
disposed and reaaly not fit to row, and
that the crew had already had a hard
race.
Dr. W. Cole placed his launch at the
disposal of the regatta officials, and
worked untiringly. The event is the first
one of its kind that has taken place
on Russian River, and If. as seems highly
probable, the regatta should become an
annual occurrence, better provision will
doubtless be made for the comfort of
oarsmen and visitors.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F H Dyer, Ariz 'J C Lewis, Mich
Dr \V S Taylor. Cal J C Flanders, Mich
E A Brim, Belmont Mrs G Good, Mich
J B Wolff, N V Miss S H Lewis, Mich
N W Myrlck. NT Miss C Lewis. Mich
A D Levy, NT G White, Tacoma
W D Burhand, N T Mrs G White, N T
L H Kloth, Chicago IKI X Ross, Mont
Mrs Kloth, Chicago J B McDougall, Wash
L Curtis, Buffalo C L Ament, Ohio
Miss Swayne. Cal A L Brooks. Boston
Miss X P Dills, Cal J F Bushnell, 111
A V Hunter. Colo Mrs Kinsman, 111
Mrs Hunter, Colo D Forbes. N T
I L H Knhn, Chicago E A Barton, Ohio
1 Mrs Knhn, Chicago 8 M Toplitz, N T
W A Hedden. Denver F O M Valleau, N T
G W Bush, Stanford Mrs Valleau, N T
H R Plate, Stanford A C Engard. U S N
B V Stelnman, Saeto Dr F Kuhlmann, Ger
C Dunphy, Stanford R E Steele. Pescadero
Dr L C Vlsischers, Cal H Weinstock, Sacto
H B Merick. DC F W Lawrence, Etig
W H Llndley, Mich Mlsp Lawrence, Eng
Mrs Llndley & s, Mchl R R Smith, Ala
L A Lewis. Mich I
GRAND HOTEL.
S Matey, Pomona IMlss Shearer, Sta Rosa
(j J Haas & w, Stocktn L B P Knox, Sta Barb
J Touhey, Sacto E A Plzor, Sta Barb
C J Wallquist, Sacto C B Conn. Sacto
F B Wallquist. Sacto 3 J Snyder, Sn Andreas
C O Wallcitiist, Sacto \V F Elliott &w, Cal
A Hatt, Napa J X Weyburn & w, Cal
H V Klack, Oakland O Matthews. Sta Rosa
A L Tibbetts Petalum J W Mann, Seattle
H J Swain, Stockton D Lubln, Los Ang
\V F Ingalls. Napa A Ftoethen & w, Napa
Capt W D Shaw. Cal |\V Biggs Jr & w, Cal
W H Husband, Kelsey;J P O'Brien, Sonora
J H Chllds, Chicago B T Booze &w, Cal
M Brady, Fresno IR O Hoskins & w.Mlnn
F Chlttenden. Fresno :C W Williams, Sn Jose
R Vaughan. Sacto A H Ewert, Uklah
JJr M Shearer. S Roea H M La Rue Jr. Sacto
Mrs Shearer, Sta Rosa G H Monroe & w, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
p Curran, Sacto Mlfs yon Dissen, Sacto
J 1 H Jacobs, Ohio J L Williams & w, H I
F Lemon, Boston E M Norton, Healdsbrg
;.■■ X Ledyard & w, Cal h Parker Jr, Honolulu
A J Burrows. Angel Is J M Moore. Angel Isld,
Mrs A M Heryford. Cal C W Christy, U S N
j» Lawrence, Angel Is C H Ball, USA
C L Heller, Fresno E Seltz. New York
Miss M Greenman. Cal M P Barr. U S N
E Johnson. Cincinnati iH B Klnsull. XI S N
J> Rmlth. San Jose JMcConaghy, U S N
(■ M Hunter. Los Ang T S Adams, Oakland
L E Mamney, Los Ang H B Marlln, Oakland
Mrs M Thatcher, Cal J C Gamage. Oakland
H W Walker. Astoria Mrs H Wellsch, S Dies
W D Davis. Sta Rosa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W R Harrison, Portlnd.J L Edwards. N Tork
L C White. Riverside ;J A King, Salt Lake
J O McCarthy. S Diego L Campbell. Davisville
W Johnson. San Rafael C Bishop. San Jose
J X Sutton. Buffalo |P de Ferrara, San Josi
F O Grove Seattle |J Welsh. Vtsalia
Mrs Carruthers. Sacto 'H Orr, Reno
B Farley. Stockton I A A Clarfl. San Jose
C B Leter. Petaluma 'J O Cooper, S Rosa
N B Slosson. 8 Cruz O H Ople. Los Ang
A E Holmes & w. Sac 1
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool. Sailed, Ryhnland. Southamp
ton.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 18— 8tmr La Touraine
from New York.
QUEENSLAND— SaiIed Oct I&— Stmr Luca
nla, for New York.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban FT__els*«
Call, corner of Market and Third •treets. open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRA_NCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:80 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
. Jls Larkin street; open until 8: JO o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
K6l Market street, corner Sixteenth; 0P«O
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second an<" Kentucky
Etrceta; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16,
K. T., Golden Gate bulMing, 62S Sutter ~j__f*
Bt.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING HUM,
at 7:30 o'clock. All f raters are cour-
teously invited.
CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- -^^
more St.— Third degree THIS (MON-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By»T'
order of the master.
HARRY PAEHR. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlciT'is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake et., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to October 1, 1898:
Margaret Edwards, 1 year 10 months; Grace
Jarrett, 4 years; Esther Jarrett, 2 years; Rosa-
lind Christensen, 11 years; Hazel Wood, 5
years 2 months; Lillian Crummey, 1 year &
months; Dora au Buchon, 7 years 9 months;
Ruth au Buchon, 3 years 1 month; Margaret
Anderson, 4 years; Esther Petersen, 6 years;
Albertine Peterßen, 4 years; Ruth Vanler, i
years; Ada Vanler, 1 year 7 months; Eva
Khoade, 7 years 9 months; Jennie Scott, 7
years 5 months; Mary Scott, 5 years S months:
Amelia Scott. 4 years 1 month; Venus Maur-
mon, 11 years; Katie Klrkham, 13 years 5
months; Georgie Klrkham, 11 years; Jennie
Klrkham. 19 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery et., room 6: tel. 6580.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d ft.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 60 (50c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION CO. will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 Market St.. on and after
THURSDAY, October 20. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Friday, October 14. IS9B. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN girl desires a situation to do cook-
ing and housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, best references, wants
position in hotel or boarding-house, city or
short ways In country. $40 to $50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. Phone Grant
_JB5.
COOKS, house girls, second and nurse girls
now on hand; orders filled promptly and with
care. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
Phone Grant 185^
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion or as nursery governess; good seamstress;
best reference. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter 'st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
LADIES!— If you want first-class help with the
best of city references, call at LEON AN-
DRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S Employment Office, 631
Larkin St.: telephone Sutter 52. ______
EXPERIENCED German woman wishes a
situation in a private family as cook; no ob-
jection to plain washing: city or a short dis-
tance in the country; best of reference given.
Address 341 Minna Bt., bet. 4th and sth.
GERMAN girl wants housework or washing by
the day: $110 a day. 569 Minna St., in rear;
Wednesday and Thursday.
AN experienced dressmaker would like work In
families by the day, or will take work home;
$1 25 per day. 1301 Mission st^
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to assist
with housework or children; small salary,
city preferred. 112 Xatoma st.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1 per ua> , ref-
erences. Box 533, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and cooking; wages $20: no postals
answered. Call at So4>4 Filbert St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to secure a
position In respectable widower's family. Ap-
ply 407 San Pablo aye.. room 17, Oakland.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213^ Mason Bt.
GE.RMAN lady wishes to do cooking In private
family. 1C24 Howard St.. room 15.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a situation; house-
work and cooking. Apply 7 Van Ness aye.
WOMAN wishes housecleaning or washing by
the day. 1113^4 Howard st., room 2L^
GERMAN girl wishes second work and mind
children. 1022 Larkin st^
PLACE to do general housework in small Amer-
ican family by American woman who Is a
good plain cook; wages $20 to $25. Address
C., 1259 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— A position as saleslady by respect-
able young lady from the East with reference.
A., box 610, Call office^
WANTED— A position by respectable lady from
the East as housekeeper In hotel or boarding-
house; has had 20 years" experience. Box
010. Call office.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants situa-
tion as working housekeeper for family of
adults or grown children; city or country.
Address box 1099. Call offtce.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeping In
widower's family; references If required. Call
or address 3456 Twenty-fifth St.
YOUNG lady would like to get some kind of
work to do by the day. Call or address F.
C 1422 Montgomery Bt.
WOMAN wishes position to do light housework.
Address 37 Ivy aye.
FIRST-CLASS lady barber would like position;
wages. Address box 756. Call office.
BY refined, respectable woman with little girl 1
years old, position as working housekeeper.
Will call if desired, or apply at 22 Lily aye.,
between Gough and Franklin sts.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges; best references.
Address Q. C. 1226 Stockton St.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414^4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
WANTED — By a man to work for a private
family; can do all kinds of work: gardening,
cows, hcrses: willing and obliging: city or
country. J. M. J., 631 Sacramento st.
ENGINEER and machinist, 30 years old; sta-
tionary or traction engine; pipeflttlng or re-
pairing; will go anywhere; references. Box
534, Call office.
COACHMAN wants position: understands fine
stock; also has sufficient practice in veter-
inary hospital; references. Box 1413. Call.
YOUNG man would like situation as porter or
stock clerk In wholesale or retail store; refer-
ences. Box 532, Call office.
WOULD like position as salseman In art, crock-
ery, leather or fancy goods store. Address
box 505. Call office.
BOY of 19, living with parents, would like to
learn good trade. Box 1042, Call office.
FIRST - CLASS all-around blacksmith, also
handy woodworker's tools, wishes situation;
city or country- Call or address 432 Dupont.
HIGH School boy would like to work mornings,
evenings and Saturdays for his board and
room or small wages; experience as general
clerk, collector, etc.; very bright and willing.
Address box 1406, Call office^
PAPERHANGER. with tools, wants work at
once: piece work or contract; painter, etc.
ANTOINE. 237 Shipley St.
FAITHFUL, sober man, who thoroughly un-
derstands homes, carriages and driving,
wants position In private family; can care for
garden or cows; references. ~ Address O. H.
P., 822 Mission St.
CANVASSING for wholesale and retail sta-
tionery business; have had some experience.
Address T. A. SIDDALL, 1516V4 Park st.,
Alameda. __^____
CHINESE first-class cook, who will do wash-
ing, wishes a place: city or country; good
references. Address 703 Dupont st. ; telephone
Main 1758.^
COACHMAN or general man wants place;
understands the proper care of fine horses,
carriages, etc.; good gardener: single; good
worker; best references. Address Coachman,
stable, 1217 California
WANTED— Situation as creamery man; handy
with engine and separator. Inquire of E.
CRANDELL, California Creamery, California
Ma rke^
ENGINEER, young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assist-
ant, or In boiler room. Engineer, 22 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— By young man direct from Canada,
position as telegraph operator or salesman;
best of references. Address box 776, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
LITTLE boy wants a pood home and school-
ing in the country witk a family without chll-
dren. Apply 30 Mint &ye.
BAKER, foreman, wanti position; is a good
stock yeast maker; clt* or country. Ad-
dress 4678 Minna St., upatalrs.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes situation of
trust to attend office a ftw hours a day for
pastime; small wages; beit references. Box
1434. Call office.
POSITION as bartender; exptrlence. Box 1430.
Call office. ____________________
EN 'INEER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as enrlneer. assistant
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box 7H,
Call office.
WINCHESTER Houee, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 nlr>t: tl SO to H
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
end bagrag* to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
2 SECOND girls. $25, see lady her* at 11 to-
day; second girl, sewing, $20; Getman cook,
$30 waitress and chambermaid, country
hotel, $20; waitress for restaurant. $25; neat
Protestant girl for housework, AlaJßeda, $2",;
quite a number of girls of different »atlonall-
tlea for housework In city and couury, $15,
$20 and $25; neat girl to assist In bakery, tend
store, etc., $15. Apply to J. F. CRO&ETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT cook, $25: 8 waitresses and
chambermaids, $20 and $25. MISS CUIA.EN.
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $10, as working house-
keeper. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, mining town. $20, fare paid. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25; nurse, $16; 4 second girls, $25 and
$20; 15 housework girls, city. $20 and $25: t
young girls, assist, $10 to $_5. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN working housekeeper. |30. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL. sleep home. $12. MIS 3 CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, Oakland, $*)
to $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO housework girls, Modesto. $26 and $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; second girl, same house, $25. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light housework, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
4 WAITRESSES, city and country. $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid. $16;
cook few boarders. $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses. $5 a week. C. R. HANSEN - CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Number of girls to fill various sit-
uations at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkln St.
i - — — ■ ■ — •
OPERATORS on shirts; new machines; steady
work; best pay for expertenced hands only.
BREMER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman understand-
ing the care of the sick, to attend a sick lady
six hours per day. Call at 1607 Mason St..
between 8 and 9 a. m.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids and waitress;
also girls for light housework. 1073^ Market
St., near Seventh; employment office.
WANTED— German or Swedish servant general
housework, two in family. $15 per month.
2672 Pine st.
GIRL for light housework and assist with chil-
dren; wages $20. Apply at once 1500 Golden,
Gate aye.
GERMAN girl for general housework. $94
Hayes st.
CAPABLE girl for general housework. Call
at 710 Hyde st.
RESPECTABLE girl or woman for light
housework. 16 Turk st.
CREAM dipper wanted at 151 Fourth St.
WANTED— GIRL to assist in light housework;
good home. 1812^ Stockton st.
GIRL to assist in housework and take care of
baby. Call after 10 a. m., 1017 Caatro st.
APPRENTICE on custom pants. 1039 Howard
st. ; pay while learning.
GOOD tailoress who can make buttonholes;
call early. 708 California st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $12. 1124
Greenwich St.. near Hyde.
GENERAL housework; strong girl for small
family; references. Call 1040 Ellis st.
WANTED lady for general tailoring work.
715 Valencia st., near Eighteenth.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 40 Ellis St., room 63.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. W_
Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on fine coats. 22 Stock-
ton place, off Stockton St., near Post.
WANTED— A strong girl over 16 for generaY
housework in a small family: wages $8. Ap-
ply southeast corner Kelsey and Steuart sts..
Berkeley.
TWO German girls wanted, one for downstairs
work and cooking and one for upstairs and
care of grown children. Inquire 1130 O'Far-
rell st., bet 8 and 12 a. m. and 2 and 3 p. m.
FINISHERS on jackets. DAVIDSON — MIL-
LER, 731 Market st.
WANTED — A working housekeeper (German).
Apply 55 Erie st., off Howard, bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth.
GOOD finishers on pants; steady work. 273
Stevenson st.
WAXTED-A good German girl for cooking and
general housework; good wages. Call Monday
at 3601 Clay st.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshirts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 36^ Fremont -t.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell s, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S. good position*;
patterns lCc up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— 2 stonemasons, $3 to $3 50 day;
bench hand for mill; mill and woodsmen. $1 50
day and board; laborers for mill, $1 50 day; 3
handy men about mine, $2 day; 2 more drift
gravel miners, $40 and board; 4 men to clear
land, $25 acre; blacksmith, $2 day; 2 men to
cut brush, $15 and found; cooks, waiters,
dishwasher and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want Monday- .
365 men for Arizona
96 tie makers 8c to 12c each:
136 woodchoppers. for different places, $2 50
and $1 cord; 26 farm hands. $26, $15, $20 and
found; sack tender, $1 50 day; 2 sack sewers.
$2 day: straw buck, $1 50 day; 1 hoe down.
$1 25 day: 5 milkers, $20 and $25, found
36 laborers, different city Jobs, $1 75 day; 16
two-horse teamsters, city jobs, $1 76 day; 66
post makers $1 50, $1 15 cord:
5 laborers for a ranch, no teaming, $16 and
found; 3 chore boys for ranches, $8 and $10
To the Great Railroads
264 teamsters, exceptionally good Jobs, $1 75
and $2 day; 184 laborers, exceptionally good
Jobs, $1 75 and $1 60 day.
Fare Paid on Railroad Work ■
Farmer and wife Monterey County;
12 laborers for a quarry $26 and found;
12 men or strong boys to pull beans .
2 boys to learn city trades $3 week;
12 Italian laborers, fare 15c, $26 and found;
In the Heart of the Gold Mines •
84 teamsters and laborers, free fare. $1 75 day.
— MURRAY _ READY, •
_ 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS Butchers Walters
Restaurant butcher, city $40 and found
Pork packer for a ranch $35 and found
3 restaurant cooks.. s3 week and $35 and found
3 hotel cooks $30 and $35 and found
7 dishwashers, different places
$25, $20 and $15 and found
2 waiter boys to learn $15 and found
2 bed makers, lodging houses, city
Walter, help tend bar, put up lunches
$25 and found
Cook for 2 men on a ranch $10 and found
WAITERS
Waiter, city restaurant $40
3 restaurant waiters $3 and $3 week
4 hotel waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BARBER, country shop ■•••••■■
Typewriter and bookkeeper
Groom and coachman, $25 and found, doctor's
residence. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay st.
HARNESS maker, $40 and found; blacksmith's
helper for a ranch, $25 and found. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED
3 more laborers for ranch, good Job, near
city $20 and found; butcher for restaurant In
city, $40; choreman for private place in city,
$15
Cowboy on ranch near city, $15 per month
and found; dishwasher, $25; cook, country
hotel, $35; swamper. $30 and found, near city;
farmers, and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay Et.
COOK for hospital, $30; cook, country hotel.
$35; dishwasher, $25; 2 plow hands and
choreman, $20 and $15; 4 farmers, near city.
$20; 2 axmen and 2 laborers, $30 and $20; 10
men for mills, woods and roads, $26; 25 la-
borers, city, $1 75 a day. R. T. WARD ft
CO.. 608-610 Clay st.
WANTED— Butler, $40; waiters, $25 and $30;
young man to work In the garden, private
place, $15; boy around store, $10 and found;
dishwasher, country hotel, $15 and found-
kitchen hand, $20: pastry cook; cook, $45, and
others. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
3 GOOD finishers on pants; also few glrU to
learn. 560 Fourth St., near Brannan.HELP .WAN TED— Cont'ln lied.
OFFICE open Monday morning 7 o'clock.
Wanted. — '—
Teamsters, coast road ■ '■ Free fare.
Laborers and teamsters, • mountain railroad —
6 4-horse teamsters," s26 and board; fare 25c;
2 ranch teamsters, |26 and board—
10 quarrymen, steady job. $2 a day;
4 tunnelmen ' — M $2 50 a day;
5 coal miners, see boss here: flat vein. •
<_'. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, T a week; Jackscrewers and
crosscuuers, $30 and $26; milker, $25; 2 wood-
2 choppers, $125 a c cord; 5 men to grub land,
$25 an acre; 3 laborers, city, $1 and board; 4
laborers, $1 50- a -day; wagon painter, $26 and
board; ranch teamster, $;. a week: 8 boys,
j; in }4 a w.ik. young man to drive delivery
. wasion. $25. <3. K. HAM SEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
{SECOND oook.sis; pantryman. $25: third cook.
' $36: dishwasl)?* and kitchennien. G. R. HAN-
si">: & C 0... 104 Geary st.
WAITER, $40; waiter, country . hotel,. . $30;
wuiter, Nevßda, $30; waiter, country hotel,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NIGHT cook. camp, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
. CO., 104' Geary st.
LAUNDRYMAN for an institution, to hire his
own help,- $100 and found. C. R. HANSEX &
CO., h-4 Geary st.
LABORERS and roekmen for Sktiguay' Rall-
ror.d; special reduced fare; further particu-
lars at' our office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ' '
JGlST— Young man with some knowledge
of the drug. trade to make himself generally
useful; state salary, etc. Box 535, Call ofnee.
WAX-TED— A shoemaker on repairing. 534 Pa-
cific st., near- Kearny. • .
:OOOD- pants finisher wanted at, 3J3, Natoma St.,
'' ■ ar Fifth.
BOY for New Vlaa. Bakery. 107 Larkin st. ;
good cha"nce for one.jvith experience.
OPERATOR wanted, male, who can do hand
t«%-ing. M Turk st. ' '
TW' lunch waiters' wanted. 44 East St.; Dan-
ish preferred.
WANTED— Colored cook; rust b« willing; $i
per week. 239 Post St., room 4.
"WANTED— A -first-class snip locksmith. Call
at 40. . Drum st:
WANTED— Boy to help with kitchen work; $1C
per month. 314 Larkin st,
WAITER to take charge of dining-room;
wages, $25 per month. D 32 Third st.
"vVAITKR wanted. 104 Seventh st.. Home Res-
t.-iurant.
WASHER wanted at 1212H Polk St., near
?utterV Model Restaurant.
WANTED— Painters. J. G. EDMONDSON, 2J]
and 122 Brannan st.
TAILOR wanted for pants. fj3 Valencia st.
WANTED — experienced aspbaltum roofer.
4D9 Stevenson st.
GOOD night cook wanted. 134 Third st.
PRESSMAN, also errand boy, on custom pants.
923' i. Foleom s^
WANTED— A liter at Seventh and Market
sts., Original Grotto; call at 7 a. m.
WANTED— Barber; steady. 761 Howard st.
WAITKR wanted at 605 : Montgomery st.
ACTIVE solicitors wanted everywhere ( r
•'The Story of the Philippines." by Murat
HiUstead, commissioned by the Government
as Official Historian to the War Depart-
ment. .Tells ail about the Philippines, Dewey
the man and Dewey the hero, with an official
history of our war with Spain. Brimful orig-
inal pictures taken by vremment photo-
graphers on the spot. Large book; low
prices; big profits. Agents making $i 0 to $300
a week: freight paid; credit given. Drop all
trashy, unofficial war books. Outfits free.
Address F. T. BARBER, Secretary. 356 Dear-
born Et., Chicago.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legaUy declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Informati'm apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal. .
MANAGER — Good business manager with $1500
for San Francisco; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of an opportunity to
make $200 T«er month from the start; investi-
gate. NOVITA COMPANY, 79 Dearborn St..
Chicago. '
AGENTS, male or female, in every city and
town in the United States to sell the only re-
liable- Marquis Hair Tonic. Address 1505
Market Ft., between Eleventh and Twelfth.
FIRST-CLASS operator on ladles' coats wanted
atrf.4. CAILLKAU'S, 4S Geary st.. corner
\/^rt *aye." - ■ - ■■■ '--■ ■-.- "- . - ■ ■ ■ ■ • -
COAL miners wanted by the TESLA COAL
CQ-h room 515. 32S Montgomery et.
A! OPERATORS. DAVIDSON & MILLER.
731 Market st. ■
■
WANTED— Furnishing man at RAPHAEL'S.
EXPERIENCED dress and men's furnishing
goods salesmen. Box 1407, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced boys' clothing sales-
man at RAPHAEL'S. ' -
TO go to-day— Another lot. 200 pairs men's
second-hand shoes, some nearly new, from 2Sc
to $1. 563 Mission St., bet. First and Second
sts.; open all day Sunday; call early.
BARBER, S years' experience, single, sober and
steady, desires steady position in country
town, California. Nevada or Arizona; state
wages. .Box 790, Call office.
_LAN for wine and . Uquor store in Alaineda.
PQBTEL BROS., 1331 Park :t. »
AMATEUR musk-ians for social purposes. 328
Buah St.. office No. 4, third floor.
BARBERS— SSO buys a 2-chalr chop and cigar
stand: rent $5 month; plenty work for 1 man.
 &31 Pine tt. .
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser. Apply 1520 Polk
street. J
M!'N to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed $15. 1541 Market st.
SALESMEN— Mining, telephone and other
- stocks; winning plan; millions in it. Address
G. 1. lowa City lowa. _/
ARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m"t- H. Bernard. Bee... 104 7th; tel.. Jessie 1164.
ji»tjt-TONE photo engraver for a desirable
situation. Proprietor. 1204 Franklin. Oakland.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
th«t Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
funs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
tltk-nt'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 60; men's
soleing" 85c: only one price. 823 Howard gt.
BAI'BKRS' Ass'n Fre« Kmployment Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; teL Grant 136.
■k<k-- and women to learn barber trade at San
Franco Barber College. .18S«4 Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SA4LORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis st.. near Jackson-
BINGLE. furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
IH V Acme House. 857 Market St.. b»low Sixth.
for a room; 2T,c a night; $1 a week. ■ ■ ■ - .
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. Steuart.
BINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard »ta.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 ' Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room;
free 'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
~ ACK.MS WANTED. "
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Erfain— Causes, Incidents and Results.
Civil. Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry n. Russell. Sen
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston.( Nebr.)
Greatest peller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight. give credit. .Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WORTHf-NGTON & CO., Hartford, Conn^
FEW gcod canvassers., wanted; extra good
Fhow. Room 14, 606 Montgomery st.
LIVE energetic agents to handle a good spe-
cialty Ju.»t in. Greater West Advertising &
Novelty Company. 1155% Washington St.. Oak-
lanri. . . -. . ;_ : ■_
. , PARTXKHS .WANTED. \
W ANTED— First-class sign and carriage paint-
er, as partner for the. best opening on this
coast; must have some money. Address cr
call at 2223 fihattuck aye., Berkeley.
pp^.j^r^jj WAXTKII.
CASH for nxture»,' grccerlen, furniture, mer-
c handise; on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
HOI SIS WANTED.
WANTED— house where parties fere
willing to board for rent with the privilege
. c' Ketplng a few other boarders, by respect-
. aW« widow. . B_ box 510. Call office^
TRUSTWORTHY li*ly. , best references, will
take charge San Francisco residence during
absence of owners. Address M. G., Glenwood,
Cal. • \ ; -
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 4 or 5 furnished rooms for house-
' keeping in Mißsion warm belt. MRS. D., 309
Ban Jose ay«. ;,- . ; ■ ". :. " , •; .
ELDERLY Tsldo,w dentr** 2 unfurnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping. . Box 770, . Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG. -906 Market St., the
. old , established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy In country towns. ■
$225 JF sold at once; saloon close to Market St.,
near Baldwin Hotel; fixtures up-to-date; a
first-class place; owner compelled to sell: this
place has a splendid future; call early.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market St.; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— slloo *aloon; rent $50; established for years
and - doing a business clearing $125 per
month; located near Palace Hotel; elegant
• fixtures: disagreement of partners causes a
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms; rent $27 60; one block south of Market;
average daily receipts $16; 3 barrels whisky in
. stock. Particulars, WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st. ■*-& :': -^-- ;
$125— CIGARS and notion: 3 rooms: cheap rent;
can be largely increased: old-established;
party cannot attend It. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
5275 A partner, lady or gentleman. In old-
established restaurant; meals 2f>c and up;
clears $75 mo. each; full Investigation courted
and allowed. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
CORNER grocery. and bar, with living-
rooms; establlsher years; owner called East:
will sacrifice. . M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$500— FLORIST; good store and outside trade.
Mclaughlin^ co., 777 Market st.
$175— GROCERY and bar; good location; living
rooms; rent $15. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market Bt. . ....
$500— CORNER grocery and bar on account of
death In the family. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
•777 Market at. - ■■ ■ • - • -
SALOON with club rooms; first-class fix-
tures. " Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
A— SI4OO— SALOON and 13 furnished rooms; cen-
tral; prominent corner; clears $300 monthly;
beat known place in city. KREDO & CO.,
22 Vi Geary St.
A— SISOO— PARTNER; light mfg business; salary
$100; must be business man. KREDO & CO.,
SZVi Geary st.
A— FINE corner grocery and bar at Mission;
$350 will take it this week 1 only; $10 to $15
daily. KREDO &■ CO., 22Vi Geary St.
240-ACRE ranch. 10-room house, good barn,
outbuildings, horses, cows, hogs, chickens,
wagons and farming tools; will be sold at a
bargain to settle estate; call at our office and
see what grows on place. RAND, 917 Market.
$275— CIGAR and variety store; good business;
3 furnished rooms; great bargain: owner
going to Europe. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
FOR sale— Barber shop running two chairs;
steady traJe. 227 Second, Montgomery Hotel.
A PAPER route to buy or lease. Address with
particulars and price, C. J. W.. 2108 Taylor.
A GOOD Chance— s3so: branch bakery, confec-
tionery, candy, notions, cigars, laundry oftice;
fine sunny living rooms: low rent; fullest in-
vestigation allowed. Box 502, Call office.
HAVE purchasers for coffee house, branch
bakery, grocery and all kinds of business;
have list of good business for sale. EITEL.
1016 Market Bt. . ■
BAKERY— OId established: doing- good busi- j
ness; good location; excellent chance for the
rii;ht party. Apply S4V. corner of Mason and
Chestnut Bts.
SALOON at a sacrifice on city front opposite
ferries; on account of immediate departure
for Europe. Apply 23 East St.. near Clay.
WELL-PAYING dyeing and cleaning establish-
ment; cheap account of departure. 148 Third.
PARTNER: man' i r lady cashier, $o0
month and board. 6j05 Clay st.
GOOD saloon for sale cheap on account of sick-
nesa. Box 1405, Call office.
GOOD shoe business for sale cheap. 4102 Nine-
teenth st., near Castro.
$2250— G00D paying saloon; fine location. Ap-
ply P. D. CULVER, room 23, fifth floor. Mills
building.
GOOD paying country restaurant for sale. Ap-
PV>- Call office.
COAL yard; splendid location. Address box 777.
Call Office.
PAINTING, whitening and paperhanglng busi-
ness in center of city: stock, tools, etc. Ap-
ply to C. J. BARRON, 1217 Market st.
FOR SALE— First-class saloon one block from
Baldwin Hotel. Apply NW. corner of Powell
and O"Farrell st. .
BARBER shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give
trial. Box 756, Call office. ■
FOR Bale— route at San Jo«,e. For 4 par-
ticulars apply, at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
ppices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-169 Beale et.
LODGING HOUSES . FOR BALK.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary st.
Money Advanced on all Houses.
105 rooms; best in city : $4000
23 rooms; Fifth St.; clears $70 600
16 rooms; Second St.; rent only $30 450
16 rooms; boarding: no rent 1000
18 rooms; Van Ness: elegant 1500
12 rooms; Market; clears $50 600
11 rooms; new and elegant; O'Farrell... 750
10 rooms; Powell; a snap at ■ 500
A— l 4 ROOMS; fine residence, elegantly fur-
nished; clears $60; best location in city; must
be sold; make offer. KREDO & CO., 22V4
Geary St.
$500; 10 ROOMS; corner bay-window; coziest
little transient house; near theaters; $350 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
18-ROOM CORNER
BAY WINDOW
' ...' ...OWNER BICK ......
' ' MUST SELL. OFFER WANTED
NORTH OF MARKET ST
$650; clears $150 34 rooms
$450; worth $1000; a snap 14 rooms
I $300 house 10 rooms
$3500- corner house; clears $300 32 rooms
18-room house on Sixth st $500
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100.......... £00
-room house; central; clears $150 500
32-room house; best in city 1000
12-room house; worth $SOO 300
15-room house; on Sutter Bt 450
24-room house; clears $150....... 1400
20-room house; worth $1000. 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms.
' H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— ll ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; clears $75
' month- all new furniture; snap
4S rooms; north of Market st.; fine $1200
76 rooms; select;. transient; corner 3500
IS rooms; rent $30......... • ■■•• — W§
22 rooms; north of Market; clears §125.... lir,o :
10 rooms; all new .furniture................. 600
IF you WILL call ON u5....
"will suit you as to location
... price AND SIZE OF h0u5e........
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAIN
10 rooms $175118 rooms; fine $550
16 rooms. 250J20 rooms; snap 600
37 rooms 700J50 rooms 1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
LIST of best paying lodging-houses In the olty.
If yim wish to buy or sell call at 1016 Market.
LARGE hotel, furniture and lot, must be sold;
only $l«00. Call 256 Third st.
FOR SALE— Lodging house on Second st. ; 30
rooms, all sunny; ch<.-ap rent. Apply at 124
Second st. - - -
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Bent to any address in the Unite!
States or Canada one "ear for $1 50. postage
paid. .-• ' -. ■•'
" FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of finely furnished house 7 rooms
for sale; 4 rooms rented;, very reasonable.
1315 Larkin Bt.
~ LOST.
LOST— Mink, cape between Speed Track and
Cliff House. Liberal reward at 424 Poet st.
MINK cape, Bilk lined, Golden Gate Park. Re-
ward 700 Market st.
DIAMOND ring. Return to 940 Van N«-ss aye.;
receive liberal reward; no -questions asked.
MEMORANDUM book containing receipts, etc.
Return to A. JOSEPHSON. 44 Clara st.
IZ>ST— Old red Irish petter doir. Return to
1425 Steiner et., near Ellla; liberal reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco' and San Joaquin Valley Railroad.
lßßued to A. G. RUSB. has been lost and a
reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering
■ the /ame to A.- Q. RUS3. 201 Montgomery st.
- * CARPET CLEANING. ~
<-ttv Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
movea lays carpets.- ; C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
£ and 40 Eighth Kt. : telephone South 250.
■nrtipM VO jj iscome disgusted with poor, work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
I beatlng__orks. 353-57 Tehama Bt. ; tel.;B. 40.
CARPETB cleaned at 3c per yard; . laid at .3c.
STIiATTONS. 3 at.; tel.. Jessie 944.
T -p. MTTPIIELL Carpet-cleaning Co.', 240 14th
.J-». J -»t E ; Honing 3c pefyard; tel.^Mlssion 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
'ADVANCE Carpet-cleaninir Co.. 4W Sutter St.;
■J. Main 394. GKO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
"^ WASTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED-Toc buggy ; must be In gnod repair
and cheap. dorner Twenty-fourth and Church
Bta.. at grocery, : ■- ; . '.-: -'■ ' ■ •--.■-'.■-.■ - ; -' -■• -■■'
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern _ appa-
,v-r»tus; second-hand. 109 Montgomery st. |
- ■ .-■ : ; ' ;.; ■;• .' ; . ,f,> /;.-;..;.■ _.;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
BRODERICK, 1515, near Sutter— sunny l rooms;
bath; basement; laundry; yard; water.
HARRIET, 137, bet. Folsom and Harrison,
Sixth and Seventh— Nice house of 7 rooms,
bath, gas; decorated, painted; dry basement.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath in good order;
sunny side. 252 O'Farrell at. '; .
MARY, 20, near Fifth and Mission— rooms;
double parlors; $22 50.
SCOTT, 1411— House of 7 large sunny rooms
and bath.
3 LODGE room? furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter; 5-room cottage, 2405
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.
7 SUNNY papered modern rooms; like new;
large garden; 4 lines of cars. 1720 Fillmore.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■' j '
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE sunny cottage, 447 Fifth st. ; 4 good
rooms; large yard; $13.
4-ROOM cottage, bath, basement; rent $14. 522
Shotwell St., bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
5 SUNNY rooms and bath; garden; rent rea-
gonable. 2289 Fifteenth st. V
$11 50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468
Linden aye.. near Hayes and Laguna sts.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOWER flat: 7 rooms; well furnished; $16
,a month; centrally located near Market. .Box
769. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
CLAY, 1417 A —One of the most beautiful flat*
In town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FELL, 511— Flat; 4 sunny rooms, basement :
" gas: hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at
613 Fell. -_ ■■ '■ -
FULTON 132 C. near Devisadero— Lower modern
eunny flat beautifully decorated; small fam'y.
GEARY, Flat, 5 sunny rooms; j water free;
rent $14. '
HYDE, 1720— $18; 5 choice sunny rooms; all
modern improvements. '
LEAVEN WORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
modern improvements; rent $16.
LOWER flat 3 large sunny rooms and hall.
Apply 932 Shotwell St., near Twenty-fourth;
upstairs.
LOWER flat. 5 sunny rooms, bath; rent $12.
118 San Jose aye.
LOWER floor; 5 rooms. 812 Jessie, near Ninth;
rent $14: key at grocery. - -■.■;".
LYON, 617, near McAllister— New gunny flat
6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable. ■.
MISSION, 2721— Upper sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath;
sunny yard; reasonable.
MODERN flat on Geary st.. bet. Hyde and
• Larkin; 5 rooms and bath; $20. Apply L. C.
BABIN. 413 Kearny st. ,
MODERN sunny flat. 10 rooms; would suit
physician. 626 Golden Gate aye.
NICE upper flat, 3 large rooms. 16 Landers Bt.,
bet. 14th and 15th, above Dolores; $10.
1
I NICE sunny flat. 637 Minna St.. between
Seventh and Eighth: $10.
SCOTT, 820, near McAllister— Modern flat of 6
rooms and bath; sunny; newly decorated;
rent $25.
STEVENSON, 413, near Fifth— Lower flat. 4
rooms; water free.
STEVENSON, 427. between Fifth and Sixth—
$10;' first floor; key upstairs.
WANTED— BO tenants for flats, cottages, etc.;
4 rooms on Van Ness aye., $25: also 10 new
flats, $25. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Mrkt.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
Ji" FLAT >.;<• parlors, dining-room, kitch-
en. 41 Herman, June. Market and Valencia.
4 AND 5 room sunny modern flats. 916 Capp
St., near Twenty-fourth. ;
$12— SUNNY upper flat 5 rooms and bath; large
basement. 3905 Twenty-fourth Bt., near SSn-
chez: electric tars pass door.
$14 — FINE lower flat; 5 rooms; bath: yard.
257 Clementina st.
$22 50 — CLAY, 1243— Flat of T sunny rooms
and hath: fine view.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds: 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per wet-k, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at slv>e
store, 562 Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
AT Polk, 522— Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for houaekpg; neat, clean, quiet hous«.
BUENA VISTA aye., 449, Ashbury Heights—
6 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
CASTRO. 405, rear — 3 nice sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; large yard, stable; cheap.
EDDY, 915 — Furnished or tmrurnlshed connect-
ing sunny rooms; garden; fine location; pri-
vate residence.
ELLIS, 430 — 4 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; central and reasonable.
ELLIS SB— Foot sunny unfurnished rooms.
Call 1 to 4.
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; sink, water, bath: private; $11.
FILLMORE, 213, near Haißht-2 sunny rooms
furnished or not, $9; large unfurnished room,
carpet; grate; $5; housekeeping, bath; yard;
no sign.
GOUGH, 530—1 front and rear parlor; 1 house-
keeping room; bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— 2 newly fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping; $10;
bath.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping room; $S to $9.
JONES, 2050— 2 sunny unfurnished front rooms;
bath; tuba; cheap^
LARKIN. 822— Newly furnished sunny parlors,
with piano; housekeeping rooms reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 422— Large sunny front room,
with running water; als" kitchen.
MINNA, 26— Sunny housekeeping rooms; rent
cheap.
Ml NX A. 417 — Large well furnished front room
with kitchen; private family.
MINNA 725. bet. Bth and 9th, first flocr— 3 nice
unfurnished room:;; big yard; rent only $8.
mission, Hl— Front suite complete for house-
keeping; large rooms; $2 a week.
MISSION, 1221— Housekeeping rooms with bath,
$!;; also single rooms, $5.
NOE 151—2 or 3 rooms furnished or unfur-
nished; modern flat; $10 to $14^
PAGE, i! — 2 large unfurnl«hed sunny house-
keeptng rooms, kitchen, i>;ith ami «as.
PROSPECT place, 123, Stockton, Powell, near
California— House of 4 rooms; cellar; com-
plete; $5 to $l"i; private; German family.
RUSS. 149 — 2 neatly furnished rooms for house-
k—'i'ing complete; a home for parties without
children; $12 per month.
SEVENTH. 32SV4— Three fine rooms; rent cheap
to small family.
sixth 21514—Sunny front room for light
housekpg; other sunny rooms; cheap; quiet.
TAYLOR 7u2. uliove Sutter— Parlor suite, 2 or
3 rooms, complete for light housekeeping or
doctor; also other rooms, single or en suite.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
TT'KK 316 — Sunny alcove room; aleo other fur-
nished rooms; light housekpg; running water.
VAN NESS, 321—2 large rooms and kitchen;
complete for hkpg.: gas; ran>re; sun all day
VAN NESS aye., 400— Elegant double parlors,
unfumlshfl, with carpets: or will fur.; bo:ir<l.
lIOHMS TO LBT,
AT 223 MASON— Nicely furnished light rooms,
$1 50 per week up; day, 60c to $1; quiet house.
AT 62 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 SO; day 26c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
stinny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-ciass
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The, 1409 A Market— Changed hands:
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 psr day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post Bt., 3 biocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
BUSH, 71.SB— Rooms en suite or single; private
family.
CLIFFORD, W4 Ellis, *or. Mason— dunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, «10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front rooms, single or eulte;
prices reasonable; also housekeeping.
EDDY, 600— Large double room suitable for 2
with board; $20 up; home cooking,
EDDY, 619— Nicely furnlßhed single sunny
room.
ELLIS, 540, cor. Hyde— Large nicely furnished
corner room; sun all day; ga«, bath, grate.
ELLIS, 611 -Newly furnished front alcove
•room; also sunny double rm. ; gas, bath; reau.
ELLIS, 627 A —Sunny room; gas and bath; $8.
ELLIS, 709— Finely furnished parlor -floor; 8
[ rmo. for housekpg,, or 2or S gents; ref.
ROOMS TO LET-Conllnned.
FIFTH 109, near Market— Sunny furnished
rooms; also sunny suite for of floes; quiet.
GEARY, 402— Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 505—2 large nicely fur-
nished parlors; suitable for 3 or 4 gents.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Finely furnished
front room; private family; reasonable.
GEARY. 792— Large sunny front room for gen-
tleman.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 26c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $8 per week.
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; also housekeeping.
HASKELL, The. 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HYDE, 703'~. corner Post— One or two sunny
front unfurnished rooms; gas; bath.
HYDE, 818, near Bush — Elegant rooms in fine
order- new carpets; in private house; will
be let unfurnished; references.
HYDE 100014. corner Pine— 2 sunny front fur-
nishiMl single rooms, $5 and $6; gentlemen.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Nevfrly furnished sunny
rooms; board; l&rga grounds; piano; tel.; ref.
JESSIE, 439, bet. sth and 6th— Nicely furnished
rooms, modern, from $3 to $t per month.
LARKIN, 1518— A large furnished pleasant al-
cove room: closet; bath.
MARKET, lOO" 1^ — Changed hands; suites or
single; country trade solicited: reasonable.
MRS. KITTY DOWNING, proprietor.
MINNA', 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 714— Sunny large furnished front
rooms, $5 and $6 per month.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PI>TE 914 — Nicely furnished double and single
rooms; bath: gas; private family.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
POWELL, 617— Elegantly furnished suite; sun
all day; bath; gas; telephone; 1 or 3 gents.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment Hous«, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SITTER, 309— Pleasant sunny rooms, large and
small; terms reasonable: call and see.
SUTTER. 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; gingla
or en suite; very reasonable; also housekpg.
TO let — Part of a house; sunny corner; 3 and
6 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 542 Haltrht.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St.. opp. Gough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suits;
t kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., 320— Nice sunny front parlor;
suitable for 2 gents or couple; other rooms.
VAN NESS ay*., 902— Sunny furnished room,
suitable for two; running water; home cook.
1 ALCOVE room, with kitchen; hot and cold
water: private family. Box 1409. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD. The—
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike; terras
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Orant aye.—
Rooms 500 up; board and room, $1 prr day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY. 626 (Irvingdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suites, best board. $4H up; single, $20 up.
MISSION. S40 — Nicely furntHh>><l suites and sin-
gle rooms, with board: rias. ; day boarders.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor; piano; home cooking; $20 up.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market Et. !«ultes, with board for I. $40 per
month: «ing!e rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS avp., 930 — Sunny nicely furnished
rooms, with good home table; references.
VAN NESS, 100S— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
CHILD to board; pay not so much an object as
ci mpany. 1540 Central aye.
STORKS TO LET.
KICTB s-unny stmvs, with living rooms, at 333
Noe st. ; rent $& and $10.
THIRD, 417—2 living rooms: basement; bay-
window: good location: low rent.
OFFICES TO LET.
rMMA~BPRECKELS building. 937 Market St.;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents 212 60
to $20. ASHTON 6 GARDINER, room £10.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; at} those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills. 11; guaranteed cure, $3. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk at., near Jones.
ALL Ladiea— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Pavlea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail : delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; baliiea adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st:. pills. $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: poni-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, Beat free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
ever}' woman hpr own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free:
saves disgrace; pills and capaute.s, $1; cure,
$5 By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities irora what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $r>; travelers helped Instantly;
home fur patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DH. ~and~MIIs7~'wEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
modi-rate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAtfS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
ft r>ie In confinement. l- r '>> Second St.
EDUCATIONAL..
HeXld^ Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing teiepraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
vevlng assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates" placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRFS' Business Colloge, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scL larship. $50; low rates
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr.Cnanninsr way.Berkeley; write for circular.
" ENGINEERING School ■ 'vll. electrical, mtn-
ln« mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 52e
Turk St.. betwp-en Larkln and Polk.
MISE~~ANNIS~*i OIsrTAatTIB TURNER, vocal
instructions: correct, natural method. Mo Bush.
Sn7)CTTTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experien. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
ttJcstrittion— Vloln, Ti'^no, cornet, mando-
lin etc.' THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short Jlme. Tarr. 872 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classos: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 12.?t Hush.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
chei.p; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mlsßlon »t.
n MONTHLY rented; repaired; bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Blxth: phone Mint 45.
ALirkTnds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repa l r l n g at lowest rates. 20f. Fourth nt,
TYPEWRITERS.
~AiA^iypevfrlierf sol(T and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A H\MMOXD, $2r,; raligraph, $15; Tpat, $25;
K et sample work PCQTT. 333 Montgomery st.
""physicians.
DR C C. O'DONNKLL, office and residenoe,
1208 Market; diseases of women a SDecialty.
PERSONA!—.
I^E^S^l^S^^uTn^nlarTs^the^tonic that will
prevent the hair falling out; 35c bottle. G.
LEDEHER, 111 Stockton st.
LEDERER always dresses your hair correctly;
25c only; hair restored to its natural color,
SI 50 up; good switches, $1; finest, $3 50; extra,
*5; open Sunday 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l
Stockton Bt. ■ ■ . '
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 850 beautiful col-
ored pictures, 10x14 inches, mounted on glass ;
with brass chain around for hanging; S9 sub-
jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for 3ac.
JONES, 547 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d.
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters, New Orleans,
La. ; regular price. $1 per year.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per nleht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny. ■
HOME in oonflnement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. " L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th ar;d Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCIS' "O Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $3
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sh&,
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore . . lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tella your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult her Immediately; poor people
half fee; by mail, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post Bt. ■ ■■'■ ■■ - ■:--
I DO not locate mines or reveal hidden treas-
ures or give the lucky numbers in lotteries,
but I do give as good reading of cards as any
one for 25 cents. 221 Sixth st. ■ - ■
YOUR future told by cards for 25c. 221 Sixth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card,
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt.. near Mission.
MME. LENEMAR, fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted overdue steamer in 1874. 23V_ Sixth Bt.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
- band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st. ,
bfIRITU— LISM .
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant;
treats private and chronic diseases, no matter
from what cause or how long standing, with
revealed remedies; diagnosis free; sittings $1.
232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at S p. m. : has
removed from 34 Sixth St.. to 28 Sixth St.,
rooms 1 and 3. ' -
FREE teet to all this week; everybody in-
vited. LEANDER, 313 Eddy; regular sit., SI.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.
Mon., 8, _sc; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW snaps for this week only:
Marshall & Wendell upright, rosewood
case $148
Neuman upright, rosewood case,- fine
• chape •• =■-• 162
Bradford upright, rosewood case, fine
shape • '"
Baus upright, walnut case, nearly new — UN
Boothe upright, walnut case, nearly new.. 198
 Sterling upright, walnut case, nearly new. 263
Steck upright, oak case, nearly new 3Sa
All guaranteed 5 years; stool and cover in-
cluded. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16. 18, 20
O'Farrell St.. sole agents for Chickering and
other pianos. ■ -- •
AS we are selling good upright pianos 1 for. $6
cash and %C< per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; nrices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
■ts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
• Broadway. Oakland. ■- - - . "-'"."
HARDMAN Agency— carload opened
up Monday morning: see the beautiful Instru-
ments; nons better In the world; their dura-
bility ts phenomenal: perfectly new; one case
damaged In shipping at a Fnap bargain for
cash: an organ. $20. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor Flood building. , ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
weet of Chlcaeo is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
28, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of , all grades
I and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and. satisfy the
customer. ■ ■
DECKER A SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
A LARGE shipment of the finest pianos that
ever came to this coast Just arrived: call and
see. GARDNER * GLASSELL, 216 Post St.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs anJ other pianos; see our rent plan;
. no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
|60— UPRIGHT piano: good tune; for sale on
$5 installments. 1115 Post st.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmltz,
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
AN elegant Steinway, upright for $230 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 .'an Ness aye.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights, $73 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 EIIJ3 st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new : '.yles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
539 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscription and ada taken. : - ■
HORSES.
HANDSOME team of standard bred mares;
Electloneer-Nutvvood stock; blood bays, with
black points; 6 and 6 years old: over 16 hands
and over 1100 ■ pounds: sound and gentle;
broken single, double and to saddle; price
$250.* to effect immediate sale; can be seen at
347 Fremont St.. and trial given.
60 HORSES of every dr crlption at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., .between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own "price; como and
make an offer. | __
40 HORSES . for sale; also " wagons, buggies.
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Saleyar<la.72l Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL Bale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City c Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE sealskin for $90, cost originally $170, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale Six-horse power. Zenith gas engine
;, nearly new. .-■ Apply at 519 Mission st.
ALMOST new Hammond typewriter; universal
or shift keyboard. ' Box 1410. Call office.
FOR Fresh family cow. Call 232: Dun-
. can st. ">■'■. ■' ■ '-*■ ' ' '■ ■ - ■•■' "■■: '
SELL or rent, combination billiard and pool
table, piano; reasonable. Box 506, Call office;
NEW and : second-hand 2 and E stamp' mills, •
boilers and enginee, irrigating and draining,
dredging and mining pumps. , KROGH MAN-
UFACTURING CO., 11 Stevenson st. v ;:_ -:•
ESTABLISHED physician's practice near San
Francisco; reasonable; good location. Inquire
NAGLE. 632 Market st.
BOILERS, engines, : 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPM AN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, .
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.. above
" Sixth. .; ;---.y, -■-/.•■•■■:' : - -■ . .■■' ,;•■■■'.■**-- y ■
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. < 516 Mission. St.
SAFES— and second hand; cheaper .than
. . ever. . Herman Safe Manf c. , • 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;;
■ proJectoßCope, $100. Bacigalupl, 938-952 Market.
J R. - POOL, house mover, : dealer second-hand
' building material. ' 1124 Mission ; tel. South 757.
SAFEB— Bargains in new and second hand; all ;
■ sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
839 HAVES t ST.— Branch office ;of The Call.
■ Subscriptions and ads . taken." : -'■■■■ ;'- .
i:' STORAGE., \:':'
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co., ;
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
CITY REAL ESTATE. j
WILL build 4-room, bay- window. cottage;
hard finished. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder,
.521 X St., Sunset District.
BARGAIN— Make' offer; a new 8-room house j
and furniture; 3010 Castro St.; addition -San
Mateo electric line. .
FOR SALE— 25x70; cottage 5 rooms; all
modern: beautifully furnished; $1500; part
cash. 1709 Market »t. V ' '_
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$800—20 acres level, rich soil ! near Highland
Sprincs; good orchard, house.barn, windmill.
$1275— acres half a mile from town; I^ite
County; 5 acres bearing orchard; good house,
barn; "wood and water in abundance.
C. F. MOORE, 955 MarKet St., room 4.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CLOSING the estate of Margaret P. McCourt-
ney, deceased; property will double in value
■■ when "new ferry" is completed: make an of-
fer for 4.977 acres ready for subdividing into
building lots; city sewers already constructed
: to property line; sewers on property can be
constructed by private contract before open-
ing and dedicating . streets. Particulars on
application to Richard J. Montgomery, execu-
tor, office "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
• quarters." 470 Thirteenth st.. between Broad-
way and Washington, Oakland. ; : ■
28 ACRES, located on electric line, near Fruit-
. vale; magnificently, situated for sanitarium;
t can now be had for $!>000; one-half tue price
asked for adjoining property. Apply to J. S.
JOHNSON, 1058 Broadway. Oakland.
$300 CASH and $28 per month buys a beautiful
new 7-room house and 50x130 foot lot; call at
once. WILLIAM P. TODD & CO., 1050 Broad-
way, Oakland. ' - '
OAKLAND HOUSES."
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
j rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station, Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KKOLL. 100«
Broadway. ._...__
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
Furniture— Good and cheap, H. schel_-
*HAAB' old rtore. 409 Eleventh »t. S»« him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LIKE rent; to order, 3 modern 5-room cottages;
lots each 33x150; $1500; $200 cash and $20 per
month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park at.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders, 1500 Park st.,* Alameda, Cal.
IMMEDIATE sale; cheap: lot 35x115- house 5
rooms; bath. 1825 Pacific aye.; 2 blocks of
Grand station. _^^_
Berkeley real ESTATE.
- A HOME IN BERKELEY.
WHY pay rent all your life and never own
your home? Why not pay a little more than
rent and become your own landlord?
For particulars Inquire of O. G. MAY &
CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley. ■ ■ i-\ .-f
LOVELY place in the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms: lot 100x136; only $1800. Ap-
g ply to JAS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley.
~T~ PROPERTY WANTED.
To lease- Email farm of 15 or 30
acres near San Francisco, with house,' stable,
water etc.; near creek preferred; state price
and location. C. E. PIODA. 942 Powell Bt.,
corner Clay. San Francisco.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
' ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East- j
tern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak- I
i land or Alameda at lowest rates, - without
removal: no -commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES made at cut rates on watches, dia-
monds and jewelry. L. H. SCHARER, 22
Mason st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick: confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland ; Ino re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at CV4 per cent on Teal estate, 2d
and 3d mortsrae'??, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, wi. .01" "-•moval: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
; any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
~ '. MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $700; excellent security; will net 7
per cent. Address P., box 6, Call, Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SY_r
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS. :
DON'T wear a rubber plate; you can get our
combination metal plate for the same price;
it Is thin as paper; full set of teeth, $,">;
crowns, $3; fillings, 500 up; teeth without
plates a specialty; written guarantee " for 10
years given on all work; no students employ-
ed" oxtracting free when plates are ordered;
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAR-
LORS, corner Market and Mason sts. En-
trance S Mason St. ; phono South 781. .•
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new ' flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed. 10 year^;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty, fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
• work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth, $.V. fillings, gold. $1 up: silver. 25c
up- briiges: platos repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission st., corner Sixth, i .
DP- GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
■ discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6. t0 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
, of" teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand: open evenings.
997 Market. St., corner Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh ; . crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. ~
SET of teeth -without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1«41 Polk st. ,
ALL wnrk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St. -...-■-..
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that J. W. MILLER
having on or about the 28th day of September.
1898 refused to. comply with the terms of a
certain agreement dated July 15. IS9S,. entered
into by said J. W. MILLER and myself, the
undersigned, will no longer be bound by the
terms of said agreement, and that ■, all debts
contracted by him and all contracts taken or
entered into by him will be upon his own in-
dividual responsibility, and that I 'will not be
rpsDonsible therefor. FRANK T. GERST.
,'KlgMd) FRANK T. GBRST.
IN the Superior Court of the City, and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. ■ Amanda J. Fennell,, plaintiff,
vs Gerald M. Fennell, defendant. Action
■ brought in the Superior Court,. City and
County of San Francisco, State of ' Cali-
fornia - and the complaint filed in said City
and County of San Francisco, In the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
The People of the State of California send
greeting to ' Gerald M. Fennell, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an ac-
tion brought against you by the above-named
plaintiff in the - Superior Court City , and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
and to r answer , the complaint, filed therein
within ten days (exclusive of the -dayof
' service) after the service ■on : you of . this
: summons. if served within this county: or,
if served elsewhere, Within thirty days.- .
The said action is brought to obtain a judg-
ment and decree of this court dissolving. the
bonds ' of : matrimony ■' now existing between
plaintiff -■ and : defendant, | upon ■ the I ground I of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff and. also on
the ground of his wilful neglect of her; also
; for general relief, as will more ' fully appear
in the complaint on. file, to which special ref-
erence is. hereby made. > : ■ .. ■
All of which will more fully ■ appear In the
complaint !on file herein to which you are
hereby referred. - '>;•; : . , ♦
■■■"; And you are hereby notified that If you fall
: to appear and answer, the said complaint.' as
above required, the . said j plaintiff .. will > apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded. %
-*■ Given tinder my : hand and seal of -■ said
Superior Court at the City and County of San I
€i Francisco,; State i of . California, this ' 28th ; day j
. of Septpmoer. the year of our Lord, *• one \
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. r »-"<w
[Sea!.] C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
- By JOSEPH RIORD AN, Deputy Clerk. .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market st., room 7. ■ '
C. E. PETERS,: attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomery st., room 16. . ."■ . -
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
BICYCLES.
SE^OND-HAND~blcycles. from~slT~up7 new
ISI7 high grade $100 bicycles for $29; newr
tires. $i; new pedals, $125 a pair; repairing.
JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folsom sts.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHi
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication orfiees and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
NEWMAN— this city, October 11, 1898, to the
wife of Adolph Newman, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HARRIS-BENJAMIN— this city. October 18,
by the Rev. Joseph Winner, Edward Harris
and Sarah Benjamin, both of this city.
DIED.
Anderson, Edward McLure, Margaret
Arnberg, Joel McCarthy. Charleß •
Bryson. C. W. McCarthy. Mary
Collier, Henry Hora Nelson, Edward M.
Conahan, Owen Osborne, Charles K.
Dunn, Clarence O'Neill, John
Finsterbusch. E. J. C. Scott. Ellen M.
Gellert. Margaret Simonds. Eliza C.
Jellis, Jennie Storey, Mrs. M. F. 8.
Kennedy, Annie Stevens, Susie
Levy, Isaac Swale, Annie
Mahoney. Mary F. IWhitelaw, Charles
Moody, Zaidee F. B.J
ARNBERG— In Oakland, October 15. 1898. Joel
Arnberg, dearly beloved brother of Adolf A,
Arnberg, Carl Oscar Arnberg, Mrs. C. J.
Larsen and Mr 3. J. E. Hansen of Oaklanu, a
native of Sweden, aged 23 years 3 months and
8 days. He leaves a father and mother and
two sisters in Sweden.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the Swed-
ish Lutheran Church, at Ninth and Washing-
ton streets, Oakland. .....
ANDERSON— In. Port Costa, October 12. IS9B.
Edward Anderson, member of tue Brother-
hood of Railroad Trainmen, a native of Illi-
nois, -aged 31 years and 3 months. • ■
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. ■_ m.,
from Fraternity Hall, corner Seventh and
Peralta streets, under the direction of tn»
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, Western
Shore Lodge No. 71. . -•-
BRYSON— In thi3 city. October 15, IS9S. C. W.
Bryson. beloved husband of Mrs. S. E. Bry-
ison, ac- father of Harry Lee and Pearl
Bryson, a native of Kentucky, aged 6S years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this 4ay
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the partor3
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue.
COLLIER— In the City and County Hospital,
October 15, 1898, Henry Hora Collier, a native
of Georgia, aged 44 rears.
CONAHAN— In the City and County Hospital.
October 15, 1898, Owen Conahan, a native ol
Ireland, aged 6S years.
DUNN— In this city, Octobeo 15, 1898. Clarence,
beloved son of John and Caroline Dunß. a
' native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 4
months and 4 days. ■ • ' '
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Gallsgher, 20 Fifth street. Inter-
ment, I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FINSTERBUSCH— this city, October 16.. 1898,
Edwin Julius Charles, dearly beloved and
only son of Julius W. and Theresa Finster-
busch. brother of Tessie Finsterbusch. and
grandson of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Finster-
busch and Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Rufner. a na-
tive of Alameda. aged 2 years 4 months and
27 days. [Alameda papers please copy.]
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m..
from the residence of his grandparents, Mr.
and Mrs J W. Rufner, 1803 Folsom street,
corner of Fourteenth. Interment, Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery.
GELLERT— In this city. October 16. 1898. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved daughter of Charles and
Wilhelmina Gellert. a native nf San ; Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 3 months and 20 days. • .
JELLIS— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 15, 1898, Jennie Jellis, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 40 years.
KENNEDY— In this city, October 14, 1898, at
her residence, 2350 San Bruno road. Annie,
dearly beloved wife of the late Patrick B.
Kennedy, and mother of Mrs. P. J. McKenna
and Bessie. Anita and Violet Kennedy, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, aged 43 years and C
months. . . .• • . . - :-.
< (cir The , funeral will take place • this - day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Golden City House, han Bruno road,
thence to All Hallows' Church. Fifteenth
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city. October 18, IS9S. Isaac,
dearly beloved husband of Rachael Levy, and
father of Mrs. Ida Kuttner, Mrs. Leo Kauf-
. niann, Mrs. Sam Brown and Eva. Charlie,
Dora and Arbie Levy, a native of Tonn, Ger-
"many. ■. '
[CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MAHONEY— In this city. October 15, 1898, Mary
F.. beloved daughter of Dennis and Margaret
Mahoney, and sister of John. James, Mar-
garet arid the late Timothy Mahoney. a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11 months and
9 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
<M<mday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3 Allan street, off Hyde, between Fil-
bert and Union, thence to . St. Bridget's
Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOODY— In this city, October 16. IS9B, Zalde«
Frances Bourn Moody, wife of Horace Moody
of New York, and daughter of Mrs. W. B.
Bourn Sr.
MCCARTHY— An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebra;* 1 1 for the repose of the
souls of the late Charles and Mary McCar-
thy at St. Brigid's Church, corner of Board-
way and Van Ness avenue, on Wednesday
morning, commencing at 9 o'c.^ck. Friends
are respectfully Invited to attend.
McLURE— In East Oakland, October 16, IS9B,
Mrs. .Margaret McLure, a native of Scotland,
ag«d 76 years S months and 27 days. '
NELSON— In Ukiah, October 15, IS9B. Edward
. M dearly beloved son of Mrs. M. Hanson
and the late Hans C. Nelson, and brother of
Charles. John and Maggie Nelson. Mrs. J.
Kerr M. Garrigan and W. Denehy. a native
of San Francisco," aged 33 years and 13 days.
• Friends and acquaintances are respeor-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 P- m., from his mother's resi-
dence 292 Chestnut street, corner Dupont,
thence to Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason street,
where services will be held under the auspices
of San Francisco Parlor No. 49. N. S. G. W..
thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OSBORNE--In Oakland. - October 16, IS9B,
Charles Klmball Osborne, beloved son of
HuUia'h K. Osborne, a native of New York,
aged 22 years. ,- -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday); at 10 a. tn., from his late resi-
dence, 1303 Seventh avenue. East Oakland.
Interment, private.
O'NEILL— In the City and County Hospital,
October 16, IS9S, John O'Neill, a native of Ire-
land, aged 67 years. • ,
SCOTT— this city, October 15, 1898, at her
residence. 505 Powell street, Ellen M. ■ Scott,
mother of Mrs. W.J. O'Leary. John S. Scott
and Mrs. D. Mcßea, a native of Bandon.
County cork, Ireland; aged 72 years.
Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m., from, her late resi-
dence 505 Powell street, thence to St. Mary 3
Church California street, where a solemn
reuuiem '_igh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment, Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIMONDS— In this city, October 16, IS9B. Ellta
" C wife of Rev. S. D. Simonds, a native of
New York, aged 83 years. -. t _
CT'Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
cjav) at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 935 Clay street. • Interment. Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
STOREY— In this city, October 14, » 1898, Mrs.
Mary Frances Stevens Storey, a native of
Kentucky, aged 76 years and 10 months.
STEVENS— this city, October 16, 1898/ Susie,
beloved wife of Lewis A. Stevens, and beloved
daughter >of . Mary .; and Benjamin F. Ames,
and beloved sister of Mrs. Charles H. Young,
Mrs. Arthur Stevens. '. Mrs. James ,D. Gilbert
and Eunice C, Charles E., Frank and Alfred
Ames, . a native of San ; Francisco, aged 28
years 1 month and 9 days.
:>■ Friends, and acquaintances are respect -
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2, p. . m., from . her late i resi-
dence, 1 541 Stevenson street. . Interment, I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. '
SWALE^-In Oakland. . October 15, 1898, Annie
wife of Harry L., and mother of Lillie Swale.
'a native of , Canada, . aged 4S years 6 months
and 21 daysl . : :-j - • : -
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock a. m.. from her
> late : residence, 672 Twenty-first street, Oak-
land. - Interment, strictly , private.
WHITELAW— In ■» this * city, . October 16, 1898,
Charles Whitelaw, a. native of San Francisco,
! aged 37 years. " : ■ ■ ■ ■ ■'" •■ . - - '
8 McAVOY & GALLAGHER. B 1
* IMcAVOY GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM
I  10 riTTH S..,*epp..Li_aol_Se-OJJ!. I
3 Telephcne _£outh_Bo._ _ __ __ _ __ _ _J9_
McA VOY, "Manager. ..■■• r ■. 1
AlcAVOY v<Si CO..- _ I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM_R»V I
1 ' 1235 Market st.;» between Bth and 9th. - : I
: Telephone, South247^^^^^^^l ;
■im—iiii ■HHI--1 n n_ "■■"— —^
-.'■■ "' - - ;- ' .-.■'■ . ■ . " "■-" l
910
TRAFFIC IN HUMAN SKIN
IN VIOLATION OF THE LAW
"The Call" Laid Bare the
Grewsome Practice.
Bodies of Unclaimed Dead Muti
lated for the Latest
Fad.
"Every person who mutilates the dead body of a human being
•without the authority of law is guilty of felony."
"Any person who removes any part of the dead body of a human
being . ... without authority of law, or from malice or
wantonness, is punishable by imprisonment in the State's prison
not exceeding five years." y
tions 2SO and 291 of the Penal Code of California.
THAT women will accept of and I
use presents made from the cv- I
tide of their dead sisters is bo
foreign to ordinary feelings of hu- i
inanity that it almost passes belief, I
consequently all conditions of people j
who read the grewsome story in yester- j
day morning's Call were discussing the
horrible facts so plainly set forth.
That raw medical students, in their '■
callow stage and desirous of appearing
hardened to all feelings of humanity j
would do outre thing% was not beyond
the pale of credence, but that young ,
women, pets of society, nurtured in re- j
fined homes and surrounded with all
that would naturally fill their souls
with tenderness, would not only decor
ate their persons with the grewsome
relics of the charnel house, but would
gloat over the treasured bits of dead
humanity as so many rare curios
Beems almost beyond conception.
But facts are stubborn, and facts were
given in the story told by Mrs. Alice
Rix yesterday.
There is a traffic in human skin.
Perhaps not traffic In the sense of bar-
ter and sale for mercenary purposes,
but the bodies of indigent dead are mu
tilated in order that a society fad may
be subserved, and these bodies are paid i
for ostensibly to further the ends of
scientific investigations, but in reality
in order that the cuticle may be re
moved and given to young women for
the purposes of adornment.
Reputable jewelers admit that they
manufacture purses and belts from
leather made of human skin; tanners
gay that they prepare the skin as they
would that of a monkey or an alligator;
women pride themselves in the posses
sion of pieces of leather made from the
backs of other women who were so un
fortunate as to have died in a charita
ble institution.
In all circles yesterday these facts
were discussed, and condemnation in
terms of severest censure was the
unanimous verdict. But, at the same
time, there was a disposition on the
part of the members of the faculties of
the medical colleges to decry the story
and put it on the plane of fiction. That
SUICIDE IN A PADDED CELL
Charles Whitelaw, While Suffering From Delirium Tremens, Hangs Himself
in the Receiving Hospital.
nHARLES WHITELAW, a mid
dle-aged man who gave his ad-
I . dress as 313 Folsom street,
v-< walked into the Receiving Hos
pital Friday night about 8 o'clock.
He said he felt sick, and as it was
evident he was suffering from deli
rium tremer.s he was placed in a
padded cell in the insane depart
ment facing Larkin street.
Nothing unusual was observed in
his cell till yesterday morning about
6 o'clock, when Assistant Steward
Fogarty and Attendant Kellv went
to the cell with a cup of coffee for
"Whitelaw. Kelly was the first to
enter the cell, and he was surprised
to see Whitelaw hanging in the air.
Thinking Whitelaw was playing a
joke Kelly said sternly: "Come
down out of that," but in a second
he rushed out of the cell exclaim
ing: "The man is dead." He re
entered the cell with Fogarty, and
it was seen that Whitelaw had
nangod himself. He had torn his
blanket in pieces, which he had
plaited into a rope. Lifting a por
tion of the floor which is in sections
he placed it against the wall, and
standing on top he tied the rope
around the iron bar on top of the
grating on the south wall of the
cell. After fixing the noose round
his neck he Jumped into space. His
feet were about two feet from the
floor.
Kelly and Fogarty cut down the
body, which showed signs of
warmth, and carried it Into the op
erating room in the hospital. Dr.
r war, ca'lr-d. and he pro
nounced lifr- extinct. The body was
sent to the Morgue.
Whitflaw was an unmarried man
and ha'! lived at 313 Fol?r>m street
■me time. He was formerly a
fireman at the City Hall, and later
was employed at the Corporation
jrardfl by the Flro Department. Re
cently he has been working for the
Keystone Boiler Works. Friends of
the deceased say that he was not a
hard drinker and are surprised to
the story is true The Call has every
evidence. It is possible that the offl*
rials of the colleges are unaware of the
facts, but if they are desirous of mak
ing an investigation, as they say they
will do, they need but extend their in
quiries to the business houses men
tioned in The Call and they will find
every statement made by Mrs. Rlx
borne out by a reputable business man.
Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr., dean of
Cooper Medical College, was seen yes
terday ar.d emphatically denied all
knowledge of the practice and said:
"I do not believe a word of it. It is
all imagination."
When he was told that The Call had
in its possession portions of the tanned
skin as evidence and was further re
ferred to the interview with a reputable
man whose business it is to tan leather
in which it is stated: "I have been
tanning human skin for medical stu
dents for two years. It is easy to get.
Ask a medical student for it," he said:
"I did not think we had such fools in
our college."
He was assured that The Call had
evidence that students of both the
Cooper and Toland Medical colleges
had been in the habit of haviner Dieces
of human skin tanned, and was asked
if it were not possible for this to be
done without the knowledge of the
faculty.
"We, of course," said he, "have bodies
to dissect. This work is done under a
demonstrator of anatomy. It is against
the rules for a student to remove even
a small piece of any subject. The law
allow us our pro rata of the unclaimed
dead of all public institutions. This Is
much better than the old custom of
students stealing dead bodies. We try
to keep the dissectin- room in the back
ground as much as possible, but dissec
tion is an absolute essential to a thor
ough knowledge of surgery or medicine.
We have in college always a class of
students in the verdant age who think
such grewsome things as this are
smart. They lose any sense of decency
they may have been born with. If a
student in any way whatever mutilates
or carries away any portion of a body
he is dissecting he knows well that he
offends against the laws of the colleee
as well as every law of decency and so
i clety. And what sort of woman is it
| that wears such belts or carries such
a purse?"
"Why, apparently decent, sweet
learn of his condition when he went
to the hospital. They can give no
reason for his Bulcide, as he had a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOKDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1898.
SELECTING THE SKIN BEFORE DEATH SETS HIS SEAL.
girls."
"They must be mentally and morally
depraved and of the very lowest grade
of character."
"But do you not think the boys are
just as bnd?"
"One expects more of women. I can
not expel them from society. I wish I
could er-el every girl or woman who
not only herself wears but counte
nances any one who dees wear in any
form, tanned human skin. We can reach
the students. A vigorous investigation
will be gone into at once. I shall bring
the matter before the faculty and pros
ecute it. Any student who is found to
have used, carried away or in any man
ner misappropriated even the smallest
portion of human skin —''A be expelled."
This, then, is the present condition.
The "unclaimed dead," the indigent
poor who die in the Almshouse, in the
orphan asylums, insane asylums and
penal institutions and whose friends
are unable or unwilling to see that the
corpse has decent burial— these are dis
number of friends who would have
helped him out of any trouble which
might have been worrying him.
tributed "pro rata" to the medical col
leges and by them sold to the students
for scientific purposes. These scientific
Investigations are carried on "by au
thority of law." and are supposed to be
carried on under the guidance of a
demonstrator. This is the contempla
tion of the law. The interests of hu
manity are subserved through the
learning acquired by the students.
But to such an extent have the ends
of the law been misplaced that not only
medical students but young physicians
make th-ir selections in the hospitals
even before death sets his seal on the
one who is to be "unclaimed dead."
Even though the practice nullifies the
object of the law it Is continued. The
law contemplates the use of the bodies
of the "unclaimed dead" for scientific
purposes, yet when the cuticle Is re-
moved the inteeuments beneath are at
once rendered unfit for the purpose to
■which it is to be annlied.
Three physicians who were seen yes
terday replied in substance: "You can
have a good piece of skin from a hu
man body inside of twenty-four hours."
Dr. N. D. Robertson said: "Yes. I
can get you a fine piece. This is not a
very good time for not many of the stu
dents are dissecting now, but I can get
you a piece."
The medical students have access to
th City and County Hospital, and it
is no false t mmise which one made to
his fiancee recently:
"When a good skin comes In (I know
of one now at the County Hospital) I
will get you enough for a belt, purse
and card case."
"Do you really know the woman?"
"Yes. She has red hair, and the skin
Is smooth and fine and young. It will
mnkf a fine piece of leather."
While the law permits the use of
bodies of the "unclaimed dead" for
scientific purposes and for the good of
humanity there is another portion of
the law which deals directly with the
inhuman traffic which has grown up
among the students. Chapter VI, sec
tion 290, of the Penal Code of Califor
nia says: "Every person who muti
HE PAWNED THE WATCH.
Alexander Donovan Makes a State-
ment of the Death of Mrs.
Berry.
Alexander Donovan, the young man
whose name was connected with the
death of Mrs. Barry, yesterday made a
statement to Detectives Egan and Silvey.
After recounting their trip from Sacra
mento Donovan said that he and Mrs.
Barry took the flat on Anthony street.
She seemed despondent and sought to
drown her sorrows in the "flowing bowl."
According to Donovan's statement she
drank the contents of several bottles of
whisky from the time they occupied the
flat until death ended the debauch. In ex
planation of how he became possessed of
her jewelry the young man said that Mrs.
Barry had presented him with the ring
and watch and ordered him to pawn the
diamond pin. which he did. He also
pawned the watch, receiving $3, wnlch he
spent in liquor. It is expected that Don
ovan will be released to-day, as the detec
tives have nothing against him upon
which to base a charge.
Cuban Opera Company— 2B People.
Alhambra Theater to-night.
An Athletic Outing.
The twenty-second annual picnic and
field day of the San Francisco Athletic
Club was held yesteruay at Shell Mound
Park. The attendance was good and the
dancing was kept up until the last train
left Berkeley at 11 o'clock at night. A
large number of gate prizes were given
to those who held winning tickets. Late
in the afternoon the club and its guests
repaired to the ampitheater, where there
were a dozen races for members and
open races. Over twenty prizes were
given to the winners of these contests.
Considerable amusement was caused by
the greased pig race, the prize being me
porker. Following are the members of
the committee of arrangements: Alex
Greggains, Frank McConnell, Frank
Schuler, John Conroy and David Sullivan.
Cuban Opera Company — 28 People.
Alhambra Theater to-night.
By the Sad Sea "Waves.
Mathews and Bulger, two of the fun
niest men on the American stage, come on
at the Columbia to-night In "By the Sad
Sea Waves," and if these two versatile
actors live up to the reputation that they
established in "Gay Coney Island," San
Francisco theater-goers are to have a
week of most excellent farce comedy. It
will be the first presentation of the r>ia"
In this city, and for its initial appearance
Mathews and Bulger, under the direction
of Dunne and Riley, have selected the
cleverest support to be had. Among the
notables in the cast are Nellie Hawthorne,
Josie de Witt, Marie Twohey, Bob Ver
non and Gus Mortimer.
"By the Sad Sea Waves," like "Gay
Coney Island," was written upon lines
suggested by the two funny leading men,
lates • * • the dead body of a hu
man being without authority of law is
guilty of a felony."
Section 291 says: "Any person who
removes any part of the dead body of
a human being • * * from malice or
wantonness is punishable by Imprison
ment in the State Prison not exceeding
five years."
The mutilation of a dead body of a
human being with the "authority of
law" undoubtedly means the proper dis
section of subjects under the guidance
and tuition of regularly constituted in
structors. But when these subjects are
mutilated for the purpose of pleasing
the fair friends of the student then the
mutilation comes under the head of
"wantonness" and the perpetrator be
comes liable under the law to severe
punishment. Nor does the law hold
guiltless those who have aided and
abetted the sacrilege, for it specifies
equal punishment to all participants in
the crime.
The status of the case, so far as the
investigations of The Call are con
cerned, Is that students and physicians
get pieces of human skin for their
friends; reputable tanners prepare this
skin Into durable leather; jewelers
work this leather into card cases,
purses, belts and covers for bags; at
least one large manufacturing shoe
house has made shoes from human
skin; young society women carry the
purses and card cases and wear the
belts and shoes.
And the "unclaimed dead," the dead
of the unfortunate poor, the bodies of
men and women whose beings once pul
sated with the ho-pes and ambitions,
the loves and hates, the desires and as
pirations which even now animate the
souls of those who wear the grewsome
remnants of mortality, furnish the
means for satisfying society's latest
fad.
and promises well Jn the way of amuse
ment.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY It
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It la pure.
An Alhambra Attraction.
The Alhambra has an unusual attrac
tion this week in Los Buffos Habaneros,
the Havana Comic Opera Company, which
will make its first appearance on Ameri
can soil at the new vaudeville house this
evening. The company has just arrived
from Havana, where it was obliged u>
remain during the period of the American
blockade of that port. Owing to the com
pany's pronounced American sympathy it
was compelled to leave the Cuban city se
cretly as soon as the war was over, me
Alhambra's new acquisition is said to be
a star attraction.
Cuban Opera Company — 28 People.
Alhambra Theater to-night.
Worked a Game of Chance.
Joseph Gray, a frequenter of picnics,
had a crowd around him opposite 317
Market street yesterday morning, who
were investing their nickels on a WkeH
of fortune, the prizes being cigars and
brass watches. i etectlve Ryan happen
ed to see the crowd and he quickly placed
Gray under arrest and charged him at
the City Prison with working a game of
chance and obstructing the sidewalk.
Four boxes of cigars, four brass watches
and several brass cases of watches, be
sides the wheel of fortune, were secured
as evidence.
Cuban Opera Company — 28 People.
Alhambra Theater to-night.
Quarantine and Commerce.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 16. — Dr. Walter
Weiman, surgeon general of the United
States Marine Hospital Service, ad
dressed the Commercial Club of this .city
last night on "Quarantine and Com
merce," and to-night left for the South
on a general tour to investigate on the
yellow fever conditions and report on the
same before the asspmbling of Congress.
Cuban Opera Company — 28 People.
Alhambra Theater to-night.
Maimed Under Car Wheels.
RENO. Nev., Oct. 46.— A carpenter
named Ed Seitz, while crawling under a
Southern Pacific freight train to get
across the track last night, was thrown
under the wheels and lost both legs. He
died at 4 o'clock this morning.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
«Sall»,.>^7r^ :■ ■'^x 7«,x 7«, .. ' Ism'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED
DRESS GOODS:
EXTRA^VALUES.
This week we will show an elegant variety of
NOVELTY AND PLAIN DRESS FABRICS in the latest
styles and colorings,
NOVELTY FRENCH MOHAIR PI- A|A m
REOLAS, three different styles and ijjy, jJJ
eight Colorings each Style Dress Pattern.
NOVELTY FRENCH MOHAIR^QCfJ
CREPONS, all the new colorings. . . Oui JU
Dress Pattern.
52-INCH SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, in Blues,
Greens, Browns, Navys and Olive,
75c, 85c, $1 and $1.25 Per Yard,
52-INCH GENUINE ENGLISH SERGE 7Cp
(all colors) I WU
v Per Yard.
3 cases 44-INCH ENGLISH SERGE, in rj*
Grays, Blues, Navys, Browns, Garnet, Jjy
Green Cadet and New Blue Per Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
40 pieces TWO-TONED ENGLISH
DIAGONALS, in Red and Black,
Blue and Black, Green and Black, "yi"
Brown and Black, and Heliotrope I jfi Ygf(j
and Black. Price worthsi.as.'
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
BDWEN
tk CO®
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter 2 squares 95c sq (J'OC
Been selling at 6oc square. Recent
rains and big buying made this price.
Tea— regularly 50c lb . V 40C
Ten kinds— this year's teas—
fragrant, full of flavor.
Royans a la yatel-^jr" i£C
A variety of sardine preserved in truffle
peppers and other spices.
BeeY-Everard's pts $1.35 qts $2. IO
Regularly $1.55 and 52.35 dozen. The
old fashioned kind of beer— tastes of
hops and health.
Glace' fruits-reg'iy 50c lb }C.C
Assorted : pineapple, figs, pears, cher-
ries, limes, prunes. pi
Rai Sins reg'ly 20c lb I2^C
Now come raisin days: puddings,
mince meats, and to eat from the stem.
Sauterne-sweet,reg'lyss doz qts $4
A delightfully rich wine especially
pleasing to ladies.
Almonds— Jordan— reg'ly 50c } <JC
Shelled.
Now, young ladies, show your deft-
ness in preparing salted almonds.
14 pint pint quart
Hamamelis i^c 2^c 40c
We sell Pond's Extract for 40c, 80c
and $1.50. '
Hamamelis, extract of witch hazel,
soothes bruises, burns, chapped skin.
Men use it after shaving.
Lime water— Enamel, 20c, 3 cc
Enamel lime water is made from dis-
tilled water and refined lime.
A little in the food keeps stomachs sweet. Good
for babies. : Regularly qts. 30c; Hi gallon 50c
Mackerel— iib each 20c
regularly 30c
Makes a breakfast all enjoy.
Talcum powder 2 tins ic.c
regularly ioc tin — Lady Jeanette's.
With lime water and talcum powder
babies cry less — feel well.
Dentifrice-^^ew* 2 tubes 2£c
regularly 15c. Keep the teeth clean
and keep your teeth. '
Pepper grinder— regiy 40c. 30c
Grind pepper at the table— no question
then of its freshness. .
Whisk brooms-reg'iy 25c 20c
Clothes ; well dusted are said to last
longer— surely they look better.
New goods arrived
lchner herrings.
- Pearline is now ten cents a package.
Smoking tobacco 7C.C I
regularly $i-Boz tin Arcadia Mixture.
The : tobacco that inspired J. M. .Bar-.
rie to write -"My Lady Nicotine. ;It
is in a pretty canister, with embossed
decorations, double thick to keep the
: tobacco damp. .
Cigars -we received last week two j
shipments of Henry Clay, Bock &Co. j
and La Africanas from Havana; all
sizes, freshly made.
Mall orders entitled to these prices if posted not
I later than Wednesday. ; CaUlogue free
43a Pine 215 Sutler 2800 California San Francisco |
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland !
NOTICE I*
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT, STATE OF
California. Sacramento, October 12, IS9B.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
= 366S of the Political Code, notice la hereby
given that I have received from the -Stat»
- Board :of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
" of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," containing the assessments
upon the property of each of the foUowlng-
■ named associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalization for
• the year 1898. to wit:
California Pacinc Railroad Company, Central
Pacinc Railroad Company, Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Soutliern Pacinc Railroad Company,
• Southern California Motor Road Company,
San Francisco and North Pacinc Railway
Company,- Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacinc Ra-iroad Company,
Korth Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway,
Company, Nevada County Narrow Qauga
Railroad Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, Nevada-California-Oregon
Railway Company, Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Jlailroad Company, Pacinc Coast Rail-
way OomDany, Alameda and San Joaquin
Railroad Company, Uualala River Railroad
Company, California and Nevada Railroad
Com*«ny, Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia. Sierra Valleys Railway Com. any, San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
pany.
The State and County taxes on all persona!
property, and one-half . of the State . and '
county taxes on all real property, are now
due and payable and will b? delinquent on
' the last Monday in November next, at aiz
o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the Stat»
. Treasurer .at the Capitol prior thereto, fly»
per cent will be added to amount thereof
and unless so paid on or before the laat Mon-
day in April next, at six o ciock p. m.. an
additional five per cent will be added to th*
amount thereof. . . _
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on al! real uroperty will be due and
payable after the first Mornlay in Janu-
ary next, and will be delinquent on th«
last Monday in April next at six o'clock
p. m.. and unless paid to the Stats
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto. fly«
per cent will be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
SPECmCLES&ErfGLASSES
ACCIJfWFIY FITTED BY /
EXPERT OPTICANS
AT MODERATE PRICES.
OPTICIANS *AND ■•. PH" SUPPLItSL'
642 MARKET ST.
UfOCH CMROSiICLe BUILOtMG.
00 0000 00 0000000000
o™ PALACE v*
°CRAND HO TMkS%
Jj SAM ': FHAMCI3CO. .
■ " - Connected by a covered passagewmy. ; ' *f "
O 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. 2
Q -. All Under One • Management. „' O
O HOT* THE PMCES: ' Q
r European Plan. .OO per day and upward n
O American Plan.&3.<>o per day and upward *•
Q : Correspondence ; Solicited. . Q
£ JOHN C. KIBS7ATBIOS, Maa&fer. q
Q.Q O 00000 OOP O o OO
DKMULTY.
rimiS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
[i. peclnl Ist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dls-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Disease* and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
PatlentscarPdatHome-Termsre^onftble. HouniS
.to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundnyg.lOtoli Consul-
tation free aud sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddrea*
: »r. P. ROiCOB IJcXUIiTY,
26' Kearny fet ISan Francisco, CaL