VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 51.
SAMPSON'S FLEET IS NOW
ORDERED TO PORTO RICO
INVASION
OF ISLAND
IS BEGUN
Troops fire Started Fron)
Charleston to Joii) the
Expedition.
General Miles With Brigades of
Infantry ar)d Artillery Ordered
to Leave Cuba.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Orders were sent to-day to Ad
miral Sampson to start at once with his fleet for the landing
place in Porto Rico which has been determined upon by the war
authorities.
Secretary Alger said to-night that he expected General
Mile?, one brigade of infantry and some artillery, would leave
Cuba immediately, under convoy of a strong naval squadron, for
the invasion of Porto Rico. He expressed the hope and belief
that troops were already en route to that place. Most of them
had been on board the transports for several days, and the situa
tion was becoming trying to them.
Secretary Alger said there had been no delay in the embarka
tion of the troops, and that, so far as the War Department and
General Miles were concerned, the expedition had been in readi
ness tr proceed to Porto Rico for several days.
No information could be obtained at the War Pepartment
to-night as to whether the fleet had actually sailed.
TROOPS SAIL AWAY
FROM CHARLESTON
CHARLESTON. 8. C. July 20.—
"With bands playing 'and 30,000
people cheering the first expe- i
ditlon to follow General Miles
to Porto Rico got away from here at
7 o'clock this evening. The expedition
Is under command of Major General J.
H. Wilson, and will, when complete,
consist of the Second and Third Wis
consin and the Sixteenth Pennsylvania
Regiments and two companies of the
Sixth Illinois. The first two regi
rftents are on the transports Grand
Duchess and No. 30, respectively, and
they are at sea. No. 21, carrying the
Sixteenth Pennsylvania and the Illi
nois men, is in the stream and will
sail early to-morrow morning. Each
of the ships carries a large quantity
of supplies, and on the No. 21 there are
1000 he-ad of mules and the wagon train
of General Wilson's division. These
men, together with those of the Sixth
Illinois and Sixth Massachusetts, which
sailed from here last week for San
tiago, constitute the first brigade of the
First Division of the First Army Corps.
For two days and nights the work of
loading baggage and provisions on the
transports has been going forward un
der rush orders. All the Btevedores in
the city were employed at it. They
were assisted by details of men from
the various regiments and the 500 ne
gro laborers employed here by the Gov
ernment and destined for work on the
roads and bridges in Cuba. The scene
which accompanied the departure of
the vessels from their docks was one
of indescribable enthusiasm. Practi
cally the entire population of the city
was in evidence. As the vessels made
the stream the bands on shipboard and
ashore played national airs and the
thousands of people cheered like mad.
The expedition will sail directly for
Porto Rico. ____
SPAIN ACCUSED OF
"MORAL COWARDICE"
London Times Says It Is Incredible
That Madrid Can Hope for Any
thing From Cuoa.
LONDON, July 20.— The Times, edi
torially reproaching the Spanish Gov
ernment this morning with "moral
cowardice" in endeavoring to screen its
own mismanagement by pretending
that "General Toral has betrayed his
country," says:
"It is incredible that Spain can hope
for nnything from Cuba, as it is im
poßSi!>:'- for lllanco, as it was for Toral,
to fight against hunger, and it is un
likely that the former will have any
thing else to light with for some time
to come. N'fither ran anything be
hop^d from .European intervention, if
Commodore Watson's squadron comes,
though Its arrival would be an unwel-
Kne-otacle to more than one Euro
pean power.
"It may be assumed that Commodore
Watson's authorization to visit the
Philippines will now weaken the dispo
sition at Berlin to cultivate friendly re
lations with America and to make light
of the escapades of the German ships
at Manila."
ORDERED TO LEAVE
AT ONCE FOR TAMPA
NEW YORK, July 20.— Orders were
received to-day by the Quartermaster's
Department for the Massachusetts,
Roumanian and Michigan to sail at
The San Francisco Call
once whether their supplies were on
board or not. They will leave ea-ly
Bail at once whether their supplies were
onb oard or not. They will leave early
to-morrow. The Roumanian and the
Massachusetts will go to Newport
News and the Michigan to Port Tampa.
HEAVY ARTILLERY
BEING EMBARKED
TAMPA, July 20.— The heavy artil
lery, under General Rodgers, and the
Fifth, Eleventh and Nineteenth Infan
try, under General Schwan's com
mand, at Port Tampa, are embarking
as fast aa possible.
ASSURANCES FROM
AUGUSTI AND BLANCO
Kind of Official News Madrid Re
ceives From the Philippines
and Cuba.
MADRID, July 20.— Senor Sagasta and
General Correa, Minister of War, declare
that the latest news from the Philippines
; is of the most favorable character. Gen
! eral Correa's advices indicate that the ln
; surgents are now displaying "only a luke
warm hostility toward the Spanish
| troops."
Captain General Augustl sends an offi
cial dispatch asserting under date of July
14 that while the blockade is becoming
very strict the enemy has lost heavily in
several recent engagements, "by which
the morale of the American forces has
been weakened and tne Spaniards have
been greatly encouraged."
The dispatch alleges also that "the gar
rison is ready to n~i,t. to the death," and
that General Monet and «everal officers
who escaped from Matabebe have ar
rived here.
Captain General Augusti concludes as
follows: "Witnout any exaggeration,
which Is contrary to my character, I have
described with loyal candor the situation,
to which I am consecrating all my efforts
for my country and my King."
An official dispatch "from Captain Gen
eral Blanco announces that the greatest
enthusiasm prevails there and the feel
ing in favor of resisting the "Yankees" is
universal. I: further asserts that the
commanders of the volunteer forces, at a
conference under the presidency of Gen
eral Arolas, military governor of Havana,
resolved to "exhaust their resources and
die rather than surrender." The Ameri
can warships, the dispatch says, are off
Manzanillo. apparently awaiting instruc
tions, hut the bombardment has not been
resumed.
EVEN IMPARCIAL
ADMITS FACTS
Says Spain Must Seek Peace, and Ad
mits the Humanity of the Unit
ed States.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 20— The remarkable
thing to-day is that the jingo Impar
rlal says that Spain must assuredly
ask for peace, and that no other course
is possible. The same paper says in a
leading article with the conduct of
Americans toward Spanish prisoners it
has been more humanitarian than that
of the Germans toward French pris
oners in 1871, and Russians toward the
Turks.
CANNOT OFFER
MUCH RESISTANCE
Small Force* at Guantanamo and
Baracoa Must Follow the Sur
render of Toral.
NEW YORK, July 80.— There seems to
be some hitch as to the surrender of the
troops in Guantanamo and Baracoa dis
tricts because of alleged Spanish mill
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 189 S.
PORTO RICO.
Birdseye View of tr;e Island of Porto Rico, Showing San Juan, trje Seat of Government and the Object of the American
Attack, With Mayaguez, Ponce and the Otrjcr Principal Towns, With; tr;e Grand Can)ino, t\)e Only Metaled Road
on tfye Island, Leading Fro") Ponce, via Caguas, on the Mountain Heights, to the Capital.
PERMANENT ANNEXATION OF
PORTO RICO THE POLICY
The Island Is to Be Made a Strong Military and
Naval Station Commanding the Entire
West Indies.
NEW YORK, July 20. — The Washington correspondent of the Herald sends the fol
lowing: Permanent annexation of Porto Rico to the United States is the avowed policy of
the administration. Whatever may be the ultimate disposition of the Philippines, the La
drones and the Carolines. Porto Rico is to be held. It is to be made a strong military and na
val station commanding the entire West Indies and controlling the approach to the Gulf of
Mexico, the Caribbean Sea. and the future canal across the isthmus.
Members of the Porto Rican Junta in New York City who have been working for the
formation of an independent form of government for the island have received little encour
agement from the administration. General Miles has agreed to accept the services of Dr.
Julio Henna and several other members of the Junta as guides and interpreters in his coming
campaign, but the administration has been very careful not to make any promises about re
cognizing the Junta when Porto Rico has fallen.
In compliance with telegrams from General Miles, Dr. Henna, president of the Junta,
and Senor Roberto Todd, secretary, came to Washington to-day to confer with Secretary
Alger about accompanying the army of invasion. They will leave at once to join General
Miles at Puerto de Fayardo to act as guides in the campaign against San Juan.
tary regulations. Even if these are ul
timately surrendered there will be scarce
ly more than 12,000 Spanish prisoners, if
that many, to be carried to Spain in
transports. This estimate, based upon
official figures in the War Department,
Is strengthened by an estimate given me
to-day by an official high In authority. It
is not likely that the small forces In
Guantanamo and Karacoa, in view of the
terms of Toral's surrender In the three
eastern districts, will offer any prolonged
or effective resistance.
GENERAL BLANCO
TIGHTLY SEALED
I Havana Cannot Communicate With
Madrid Except Under American
Censorship.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Two days
' ago General A. W. Greely, chief signal
officer, cabled Instructions to his offl
| cers in Santiago to seal up and place
a guard over the three cable lines con
necting Santiago with Cienfuegos,
whence, by a land line, communication
is established with Havana. To-day
General Greely was informed that his
orders had been carried into effect.
The closing of the Cienfuegos cables
absolutely isolates Havana and Gen
eral Blanco from Madrid. Blanco's
only means of communicating with the
Madrid Government now is by the Key
West cable, which is under the strict
est censorship by the Government of
the United States.
As a result of the sealing of the
I Rantiago-Cienfuegos cables, several
I cipher dispatches passing between
i General Blanco and the Spanish Gov
| ernment drifted into this country to
day. It is scarcely necessary to say
! that they did not reach their destina
tion.
THREE DAYS OVERDUE
FROM PORTO PLATA
The Big Steamer Olinde-Rodriguez
Probably Caught While Run
ning the Blockade.
6T. THOMAS, D. W. 1., July 20.— The
Compagnie Generate Transatlantlque's
steamer Olinde-Rodridguez, formerly the
Franconda (gross tonnage 318 S. net 1676),
plying between Havre and Haytien ports,
is now three days overdue from Porto
Plata, Santo Domingo.
It is supposed that she has been cap
tured while attempting to run the block
ade at San Juan de Porto Rico. After
leaving San Juan on July 4 she was
warned not to attempt to enter on her re
turn voyage.
BROOKE RETURNS
TO CAMP THOMAS
And Now No Time Will Be Lost in
Getting Troops Beady for
Movement.
CHATTANOOGA NATIONAL MILI
TARY PARK, Chickamauga, Ga,, July
20.— General Brooke and Colonel William
Richards, adjutant general of the First
Corps, who went to Washington to con
fer with Secretary Alger upon the pro
posed Porto Rican expedition, returned to
Camp Thomas at 10 o'clock this morn
ing.
General Brook* declined to be inter
viewed, preferring that nothing official
shall be said until orders are issued. The
plans for an important movement of
troops from Camp Thomas are, howevet,
progressing. Colonel Lee, chtef quarter
master, was in consultation with a num
ber of railroad men this afternoon, hurry
ing as rapidly as possible the arrange
ments of transportation.
It was learned from excellent authority
this evening that it is the earnest desire
of General Brooke that the entire First
Corps form the expeditionary force golns
from here. This would mean a departure
from Chickamauga of about 30,000 volun-
teers.
Colonel Hartsuff, chief surgeon, said t&.
day that the medical department of th«
First Corps had all the supplies of every
nature necessary for the expedition about
to be entered upon.
"The troops that go out." added Colo
nel Hartsuff. "will go equipped complete
ly, not lacking in any essential feature."
PUBLIC OPINION
FAVORS A PROTECTORATE
Spaniards Prefer Cuba Under Uncle
Sam's Control Than Ruled
by Natives.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Horalrt. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 2).— After talking with
many leading members of the Chamber
and Senate of the different parties I can
positively state the opinion already indi
cated in previous telegrams prevails,
that is, Spain to-day prefers an Azneri
can protectorate to Cuban independence
under the insurrectionists. A fairly logi
cal argument, which seems universally to
have taken hold is that the riches of
Cuba in the main belong to Spanish resi
dents, and that those interests would be
better guaranteed in the hands of a pow
erful civilized nation like the United
States than under the power of insur
rectionists with minds filled with re
vengeful sentiments.
SEIZURE OF VESSELS
LADEN WITH SUPPLIES
Haytien Government Paying Strict
Observance to Neutrality
Laws.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORT All PRINCE, July 20.— Several
vessels laden with supplies for the Span
ish forces in Cuba have been seized here.
One of these was the Maria Louise, which
has made several successful trips to
Baracoa. She had her papers taken by
the Haytien Government. She then ap
plied to the British Consulate for British
registry, but this was refused. She is
now being closely watched.
BEARS THE TERMS
OF CAPITULATION
Mission of Colonel John Jacob Astor,
Who Is Now on His Way to
Washington.
NEW YORK, July 20.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Colonel
John Jacob Astor is on his way back
from Santiago to Washington, being
the bearer of the terms of capitulation
agreed upon by the commissioners of
General Shatter and General Toral. It
is understood the terms were subscrib
ed to only by the commissioners, not
even the signature of General Shafter
being upon the document. Colonel As
tor is expected to arrive in Washington
by Monday next.
Afraid of Watson's Fleet
GIBRALTAR, July 20.— Three Span
ish trans-Atlantic steamers have ar
rived here from Cadiz, fearing that th<>
squadron of Commodore Watson will
attack that place and destroy all the
shipping in port.
WAR SPIRIT
IN SPAIN
REVIVING
People Made to Believe
Tales of American
Trickery.
Santiago Said to h\ave Surren
dered on a Pledge That H° s "
tilities Would Cease.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, July 20.— General Polavla
ja is here. Upon him centers gTeat
hopes of peace, but on the other hand
it is my duty to state that the Cabinet
Minister to-day said that peace seemed
far from realization.
There appears to be much ill-feeling
owing to the statement that the capitu
lation of Santiago was made upon an
understanding with President McKin
ley that it meant the conclusion of hos
tilities on the side of the Americans,
but that, on the contrary, it merely
means an increased energy in the pur
suance of the war of territorial con
quest.
This is quoted as showing the tenor
of the popular feeling:, which does not
stop short of the opinion shared by the
most influential members of the Minis
try that the United States has been sys
tematically tricking Spain into getting
the better of her in the surrender of
Santiago, which, it is here stated, was
made under false pretenses, being the
culminating point of such perfidy.
I am sorry to state this evening that
RECRUITMENT FOR THE
VOLUNTEER ARMY
Fairly Good Progress Made Under
the Second Call, but Some State
Quotas Are Short.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Fairly good
progress has been made with recruitment
for the volunteer army under the Presi
dent's second call for 75,000 volunteers.
The plan adopted by the "War Depart
ment was to recruit all the volunteer or
ganizations in the army up to their max
imum enlisted strength before entering
upon the recruitment of additional troops.
The total number of men required to fill
out existing regiments was 37,566, and. ac
cording to the latest returns, the total
enlistments under this plan are 27,519
men.
Indiana, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jer
sey, Rhode Island, West Virginia and
Wisconsin have exceeded their quota, but
all the others are behind in the supply
of troops. The worst delinquent is North
Carolina, which has furnished only fifty
five soldiers to meet its quota of 783.
Other delinquents are Colorado, Louis
iana, Nebraska, Tennessee and Virginia,
each of which has supplied less than one
third of the number of men required.
Alabama, Massachusetts, Arkansas,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the war sentiment once more prevails.
"War to the bitter end" is further
stimulated by the firm attitude of the
Cuban volunteers.
LONDON, July 21.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times, says: "Noth
ing is known regarding the decision of
the Cabinet on the peace question. Ap
parently the Government does not rec
ognize the necessity of making peace
quickly and the public seems to be in
different. Probably the ministers dis
agree regarding peace, but they are
unanimous in disclaiming responsibil
ity for General Toral's surrender at
Santiago."
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: "Unless peace makes
speedier progress the Queen Regent
will seriously consider changing the
Ministry. Geueral Polaviaja is regard
ed as the coming man."
WASHINGTON. July 20.— Secretary
Day to-day denied any knowledge of
developments in the Spanish-American
| situation.
"I hear," he said, "a. good deal of
peace talk, but only in the newspapers.
That's the only information I have on
| the subject."
Georgia, Mississippi, Oregon and Texas
have done very little better, and are all
very much behind in meeting the require
ments. Complaint has been made also
that in several of the States an effort
has been made to foist poor material on
the Government. The total enlisted
strength of the regular army to date Is
about 44,000 men, being about 18.000 short
of its legal complement. The volunteer
army consists of 153.000 men. and is only
17.000 Bhort of its maximum authorized
strength under the two calls Issued by
the President. The total strength of the
army, regular and volunteer, is 227,000, as
now organized.
WILL TAKE OFF FAST TRAINS.
Agreement Entered into by the Chi-
cago-Denver Roads.
CHICAGO. July 20.— The vice president
of one of the interested lines explained
to-day the agreement just entered into
by the Chicago-Denver roads regarding
fast train service. According to his un
derstanding of the compact, the present
fast trains are to be taken off altogether,
and the lines are to return to exactly the
same basis as existed before the first fast
train was inaugurated. After August 15,
therefore, no road will cover the distance
from Chicago to Denver In less than
thirty-three hours, and there will b« no
fast daylight run to Omaha.2
GENERAL GARCIfJ
REPORTED TO \\(NE.
MET DEfJTH
Career of the VeteraQ Cubao
Leader Probably Brought to
a Sudden Close.
NEW YORK, July 20.— A Kingston
(Jamaica) special to the Evening Post
says: "Cubans arriving from Siboney
bring in reports of the death of Gen
eral Garcia. They make a mystery of
it, saying that it should not be known
In Cuba yet, or in the United States,
for reasons of state, and give no par
ticulars except that he was shot.
Spanish refugees here who are official
ly connected with General Blanco be
lieve the story."
The last word directly received by the
Cuban Junta in this city from Garcia
was dated before Santiago, July 11. It
was a cable meesage, and stated briefly
that he was well and that the progress
of events was satisfactory. At that
time Garcia was to the west of Santi
ago, guarding the approaches from ex
pected reinforcements to the city.
Horatio S. Reubens, counsel for the
Junta, when given the information
contained In the Evening Post's dis
patch, said this afternoon that news
of Garcia's death had not been re
ceived at the Junta, but at best com
munication with the Cuban forces in
the field was irregular.
"I am greatly surprised, "he said, "but
I do not find it hard to credit the dis
patch. During the assault on Santiago
Garcia was in the west with his com
mand, with the special duty of inter
cepting reinforcements and cutting off
the retreat of the Spanish soldiers.
When the city fell his duty there was
at an end. Rut it appears the attack
on Manzanillo was then planned. Man
zanillo lies to the west, and it is there
fore probable that Shafter detailed
TO TRANSPORT
THE PRISONERS
Contract Awarded to a
Spanish Company.
COSTS OVER HALF A MILLION
TWENTY DOLLARS FOB, EACH
ENLISTED MAN.
By a Peculiar Chance of War the
Vessels to Bs Used Are Owned
and Operated Under the
, Spanish' Flag.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 20.—Arrange
ments practically were concluded by
the Government to-night for the trans
portation of the Spanish prisoners at
Santiago from Cuba to Spain.
The contract was awarded to the
Spanish Transatlantique Company,
represented by J. M. Ceballos & Co., of
New York. The company agrees to
carry the prisoners from Cuban ports
w .--pain at the rate of $20 for each en
listed man and 555 for each commis
<i officer, subsistence to be furn
i by the company on the army ra
tion basis, as provided for in the Gov
ernment's advertisement for bids.
The award provides also that the
company shall have live ships at San
tiago In nine days from to-morrow (the
21st inst.), two in seventeen days from
to-morrow, and enough to complete the
transportation of the prisoners in
twenty-one days from to-morrow.
Two days ago, Colonel Hecker, In
Charge of the transportation of troops
in the Quartermaster general's depart
"f the army, went to New York
to consult with shipping companies
concerning the transportation of the
Spanish troops surrendered at Santi
hk". Bids which he had previously ad-
Vi rtised for were opened at the Army
Building in Now York to-day. Colonel
■r returned to Washington this
evening. To-night he had a conference
at the War Department with Secretary
Alger, Quartermaster General Luding
tun and Adjutant General Corbin. The
bids of the several companies were
considered, that of the Spanish Trans
atlantique Company finally being ac
cepted, as in all respects it was re
garded as the best made. On the basis
i.f 24,000 enlisted men and 1,000 officers,
U will cost tho Government $535,000 to
transport the prisoners.
The ships will fly the colors of Spain
and will be manned probably entirely
by Spanish crews. It was remarked
to-night as one of the curious develop
ments of the war that the United
Btatea Government should enter into a
friendly contract with a company,
many of whoso vessels are auxiliaries
to the Spanish navy, and Borne of
which have been captured or destroyed
by the navy of the United States.
GENERAL PARREJA
REFUSES TO GIVE
UP GUANTANAMO
Insists That He Is Not Bound by the
Terms of the Santiago
Capitulation.
MADRID, July 20. -General Parreja. the Spanish commander at
Guantanamo. refuses to be included in the capitulation of Santiago de
Cuba. According to Spanish military law a commander can surrender
the troops which he personally commands, but he cannot oblige other
commanders at distant points, even though under his authority to
follow suit. Consequently it is held here that the capitulation com
prises only about 7000 troops, actually at Santiago.
The military code prescribes life Imprisonment for any officer who
includes in the capitulation of his forces other posts, which, "thoujrh
dependent upon his command, are not troops or places included in the
action which caused the capitulation."
It Is doubtful, however, whether General Toral will be thus pun
ished.
Garcia's command to cut off reinforce
ments there. Holguin lies near Manza
nillo and was garrisoned by a consid
erable force, as the American general
must have known. It Is not unlikely
that Garcia and his men came into
conflict with a body of Spanish soldiers
bound from Holguin for Manzanillo."
Callxto Garcia was in his sixtieth
year and was regarded by the Cuban
insurgents as one of their most intre
pid soldiers. In the ten years' war his
skill, bravery and energy won him
continued promotion until he received
a general's star.
In an action in 1874 Garcia was sur
rounded by Spanish troops. Rather
than surrender he shot himself through
the chin with suicidal intent. He lived
and was sent to Spain. He was re
leased in 1877, when the peace of Zen
jon was declared. Garcia at once set
out for New York and organized an ex
pedition to Cuba. He landed in San
tiago de Cuba, but was taken a pris
oner a second time. He eluded the vig
ilance of the prison guards in Spain one
night, after fifteen months' imprison
ment, and fled to England.
Garcia was the promoter of the Haw
kins expedition Which left this cfty in
January, 1895, with 300 men and a large
cargo of supplies and ammunition. The
vessel sunk. He next fitted out the Ber
muda, which was seized upon the eve
of her departure, in February, 1596, by
a United States Marshal and his dep
uties. Garcia was arrested and re
leased in $2500 bail. He at once made
another start and landed in Cuba sev
eral days before the day set for his
trial in this city. Since then he has
been engaged in conducting the cam
paign of the Cubans against Spain In
the province of Santiago de Cuba.
CUBAN JUNTA
WARNS GARCIA
Censures the Course of
His Men.
APOLOGY AND EXPLANATIONS
REGRETS THE FRICTION AT
THE FRONT.
Better Class of Insurgents Not in
Sympathy With Those Who
Wanted to Loot
Santiago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Senor Que
sada and other representatives of the
Cuban Junta have been in consultation
with officials of the War Department
to-day. The United States 'officials
were assured that there was no dissat
isfaction with the management of af
fairs in Cuba, so far as the Cuban rep
resentatives were concerned, and that
if Garcia and other Cubans operating
about Santiago were not in harmony
with the United States authorities, it
arose from a misunderstanding of the
President's proclamations, and of the
intentions of the United States Gov
ernment in the premises. The Cubans
at Santiago, it was stated, probably
thought that the action of General
Shafter meant the continuation of
Spanish rule and Spanish authority.
It being well understood here that such
was not the case, it was the belief of
the Cuban representatives that when
the matter was made plain to the Cu
ban officers in the field they would ac
quiesce in the action of the United
States and render the United States
army hearty support.
The Cubans assured the -war officials
that nothing was further from their
desires than a rupture with the United
States forces and authority.
It also became known that the junta
had sent dispatches to General Gar
cia and other Cuban officers that their
course at Santiago was not approved
by the junta, and if persisted in would
result in serious injury to the Cubans.
It is believed that the representations
made will bring about a better under
standing between the Cuban officers
and the Americans.
The opinion was expressed at the
War Department that tho better class
of Cubans in the island will have no
sympathy with those who would bring
about trouble, but that it la the lower
and vicious classes who desire to loot
and plunder the city.
Moffatt Defeats Hammond.
TOLEDO, Ohio, July 20.— Jack Ham
mond of Detroit was defeated in ten
rounds to-night by Jack Moffatt of Chi
cago, before the Olympic Athletic Club.
THE SAN FRANCrSCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
GENERAL CALIXTO GARCIA.
WILL TERRORIZE
THE ENEMY AND
IMPRESS EUROPE
Reasons Why the Streogtt} of
Commodore Watson's Squadron
Has Been Creatly Augmented.
NEW YORK, July 20.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: In directing the organiza
tion of the formidable Eastern squad
ron and giving its commander-in-chief
instructions to proceed to the coast of
Spain, President McKinley was actu
ated by a desire not only to terrorize
the enemy, but to impress all Europe
with the sea power of the United
States. I am able to make this state
ment on the authority of an official
who is in the confidence of the Presi
dent. In the formation of the "Eastern
squadron and its dispatch across the
Atlantic will be a notification to the
powers of Europe that it is the purpose
of the United States to compel the Ma
drid government to comply with any
demand it may choose to make. It was
for this reason that the Eastern squad
ron has been considerably strength
ened. As first organized a squadron
with but two battleshjps, one protected
cruiser and three auxiliary cruisers
would have been sufficient to have dis
posed of the remnants of Spain's navy,
and to have bombarded the Spanish
ports as long as such action was
deemed desirable. Further considera
tion of the project convinced the Ad
ministration, however, of the necessity
of strengthening the fleet to the utmost
extent possible, so as to produce a
moral effect in Europe which will be
beneficial to the United States and pre
vent foreign governments from inter
fering in the terms of peace to be made
— not that the President has any infor
mation tending to show a probability
of such interference, but as European
intervention is always ready, the Pres
ident deems it the policy of wisdom to
place under Commodore Watson's com
mand a fleet whoee number and effect
will be sufficient to make the European
sneer give way to the cordial smile of
friendship and acquiescence in the de
mands made on Spain as the price of
peace. Under supplemental orders
which have been given Commodore
Watson, he is to hold himself in readi
ness to proceed to any point the Presi
dent may dosire. Operating in Span
ish waters he will be in a central posi
tion, and can return to the American
coast to protect American ports, or can
proceed to the Philippines to reinforce
Admiral Dewey if any attempt be made
by a third power to wrest any of those
islands from the United States.
RECONSIDERATION
NOW SUGGESTED
LONDON, July 21.— The Daily Chron
icle says editorially this morning: As
1 strong supporters and sincere well
wishers of the United States, we sug
gest a reconsideration of the decision
to send Commodore Watson to Europe.
It could not materially harm Spain
and would be likely to reunite the
Spanish into an impervious obstinacy
of endurance and a determination to
suffer to all lengths. That is their na
tional character. It was that which
baffled Napoleon, who had land forces
to overrun the whole country, while at
every point an American fleet could
touch there would be danger of Euro
pean complications.
BIDS FOR CARRYING
SPANISH PRISONERS
Opened at the Quartermaster's De
partment in New York and
Sent to Washington.
NEW YORK. July 20.— Bids for thn
transportation of the Spanish troops
which surrendered at Santiago were
opened in the Quartermaster's Depart
ment in the Army building to-day. The
bids call for the transportation of 1000 of
ficers and 24,000 enlisted men to be trans
ported from Santiago de Cuba to Cadiz,
Spain, or any other port that may here
after be designated. Cabin accommoda
tions are to be furnished for the officers
and third-class passage or steerage for
the enlisted men. The men are to be pro
vided with suitable galley accommoda
tions, and the United States requirements
as to space privileges and ventilation are
to be strictly conformed to. The bids are
as follows:
The New England Chemical Supply Company
of Boston, $890,000 for all officers and men.
Li. A. Thiem & Co. of Philadelphia, $385,000
for 25.000 Spaniards.
James N. Elwell & Co. offered to take on
the steamer Meustria 1000 enlisted men at $35
each and all the officers at $7ri each.
W. H. Thompson ofTered a steamer to take
150 officers at $1)0 each and 1400 enlisted men
at $45 each.
George A. Lord asked $37 60 per man for the
enlisted men and $72 50 per officer for the of
ficers.
Jofieph L. Bt. John, $37 37 each for officers
and $24 87 for each enllnPed man.
Joint bid by the Anchor line, Cur.ard line,
i
the Hamburg-American Packet line. Robert H.
! Sloan & Co.. the North German-Lloyd line.
! the Royal Mail Steamship Packet Company,
i Thomas Wilson's Sons & Co. (limited), Fred
erick Leyland & Co. and the Wilson and
; Furness-Leyland line, officers at $110 each and
enlisted men at $55 each.
G. B. Richards & Co. offered the Spartan
Prince, capacity forty officers and 800 men,
' and the Tartar Prince, capacity fifty officers
and 1000 men, at $55 per officer and $25 per en-
I listed man.
j The Tweedle Trading Company offered three
I ships to take 3000 enlisted men at $29 each and
J the officers at $50 each.
! The Spanish Transatlantic through R. A.
| C. Smith, offered to take all the officers at J6O
j and all the men at $30 each, agreeing to carry
j them under the Spanish fla«, the I'nlted
j States Government to furnish safe transpor
tation.
The bids were forwarded to Washing
ton.
BRYAN'S REGIMENT
REACH NASHVILLE
The Commander Makes a Speech In
tended to Particularly Please
the South.
NASHVILLE, Term., July 20.—Sev
eral hundred members of the Third Ne
braska regiment, commanded by Colo
nel "William J. Bryan, arrived here to
day, and were met at the depot by a
large crowd. They were entertained at
lunch and soon afterward proceeded on
their way to Atlanta Ga. Colonel Bry
an, with the remainder of the regiment,
arrived this afternoon and was given a
very enthusiastic reception. All of the
soldiers were provided with lunches
and presented with flowers.
Hon. Benton McMillin presented
Colonel Bryan to the large and enthu- i
siastic audience of men and women, !
who greeted him with cheers. Colonel i
Brvaji then spoke in part as follows:
Y>'t do not know what may be the result of
this war. War often brings results which
were not imagined In the beginning, but one
result has already been achieved during this
war. If there was anybody In the United
States who doubted the loyalty of the people
of the South there will be no such doubts here
after. (Applause). When the President of the
rnitcrl States gnve a general's commission to
Fltzhugh Lee and to Congressman Wheeler
the sectional question was forever buried and
hereafter there will be no Dixie line. (Ap- j
plause). When our band started down there I
I told them I wanted them to practice well on !
"Dixie" so that we could play It when we sot
down South, because I told them they Jiad
been practicing for thirty years on "Yankee
Doodle" and we wanted to mix them down I
here. (Applause).
Santa Cruz's Treasurer.
SANTA CRUZ, July 20.— F. W. Lucas
has been appointed by the City Council
as City Treasurer and Collector, succeed
ing the late C. E. Williams. The bond
was raised from $60,000 to $80,000. Mr Lu
cas has served the city as Clerk and
Councilman.
INITIATIVE LEFT
TO GENERAL TORAL
Spanish Minister of War's In
structions as to the Surrender
of Santiago.
MADRID, July 20. — A semi-official note has been pub
lished here explaining the circumstances, from a Spanish
standpoint, of the surrender of Santiago de Cuba. It de
clares that the letter which General Toral is alleged to have
written to General Shafter is apocryphal, as the telegraph
version contains a statement which it is impossible for Gen
eral Toral to have made, because it is untrue that his Gov
ernment authorized him to capitulate.
The note continues: "What happened was that the War
Minister received two telegrams from Captain-General
Blanco. The first described General Toral's position, which
was most pitiful, because of the want of provisions and am
munition. It also detailed the enemy's proposals. In the
second telegram Captain-General Blanco gave the terms of
capitulation and requested instructions. The War Minister re
plied to both by telling Captain-General Blanco to leave every
initiative to General Toral, for it was impossible to recom
mend any other line of conduct. General Toral, accordingly,
acted as he thought advisable, and would explain before a
court-martial the motives which caused him to capitulate."
FIELDS GETS
THE BLAME
Story of a Sacramento
Failure.
MIGHT HAVE BEEN AVERTED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT SAID
"ALL'S WELL."
Shareholders of the Union Building
and Loan Association Kept in
Ignorance by the
Expert.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 20.— The posi
tion of J. L. Fields, secretary to the
Commissioners on Building and Loan
Associations, is an unenviable one to
say the least. On December 16, 1896,
he made a report to the shareholders
of the Union Building and Loan Asso
ciation, of Sacramento, wherein he took
occasion to say, in the capacity of a
"public accountant," that the books
and accounts of the association were
in a "correct and satisfactory condi
tion." As a matter of fact it would be
most difficult to find the affairs of any
association in a more unsatisfactory or
deplorable condition.
In one instance in particular the ac
counts showed that four years inter
est was delinquent on a certain loan,
and in the aggregate it amounted to
more than the original note. In many
other instances it was evident that
ther there has been woeful lack of bus
iness sagacity. At the same time Mr.
Fields reported everything in a satis
factory condition.
One year later Major Weinstock,
chairman of a committee of stock
holders, appointed to look into the af
fairs of the association in order to dis
cover the purpose and intent of ®*»ids'
report to the stockholders, addressed
to him the following communication:
Sacramento, Cal., Dec. 23, 1897.
Mr. J. L. Fields, Secretary Board of
Commissioners, U. B. and L. Association,
Mills Building, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear
Sir: At the meeting of the stockholders
of the Union Building and Loan Associa
tion, held on Wednesday, December 15,
Mr. E. K. Alslp, secretary, read a report
signed by you which conveyed the im
pression to the minds of his hearers that
you had carefully looked into the matters
of the association and had found every
thing entirely satisfactory. Was that the
impression you intended to convey to the
stockholders in your report? Your usual
prompt reply will oblige yours very truly,
H. WEINSTOCK,
Chairman of Committee of Stockholders.
Mr. Fields' reply was as follows:
San Francisco, December 24, 1897.
H. Weinstock Esq., Chairman Commit
tee of Stockholders Union Building and
Loan Association, Sacramento, Cal. —
Dear Sir: Yours of the 23d received ask
ing as to the impression I intended to
convey by the certificate that I made to
the report of the "Union" and read by
the secretary. First, I did not give a
certificate as "secretary" of this board;
what I did sign was as a "public account
ant," for I never have and never will
give a certificate as an official of this
board. I was asked to come to Sacra
mento and make up the annual report foi
Mr. AJsip; I put In over fourteen hours
on the work on the books, and at the
request of Mr. Stelnman and Mr. Dev
lin I made a certificate, as near as I can
now recall, in the following form:
"I have made an examination of the
books and accounts of the Union Build
ing and Loan Association for the fiscal
year ending December 14, 1897, and find
t*hem neatly and correctly kept and thai
all moneys received have been duly ac
counted for; the values of the shares hay»
not been calculated, as these depend en
tirely on the value of the real estate
owned which is subject to appraisement
by a committee to be selected by your
selves, as per order of the Building and
Loan Commissioners.
"J. L. FIELDS, Public Accountant."
There had been rumors of a defalcation,
but I found that all moneys had been
properly entered and all payments had
been made by defendant, drawn on the
Treasurer and duly entered. Beyond this
the certificate does not go, and if it was
not read in full and as written It should
have been so read, for I never intended
otherwise and do not think that a correct
reading of the certificate can convey such
an impression; on the contrary, with the
valuations that I placed on the property,
I told Mr. Steinman, Mr. Devlin and Mr
Alsip that I could see no way but for the
association to close from that day and
go Into liquidation; still better judges ol
the values of real estate than myself
might put higher values on the property
than I do, as I based my values mainly
on my knowledge of the pro rata of the
assessed values, as given by the county
assessors to the market values and based
on the figures given for the whole State,
which are in possession of this office. On
that idea I agreed as a representative of
the Commissioners that the matter might
rest till the annual meeting and that
there should be a committee appointed
by the shareholders and that an adjourn
ment should be had for three weeks and
on their report the question of continu
ing or winding up should be determined.
Trusting that this may be a satisfac
tory explanation of my individual con
nection with the matter, I remain, yours
very truly. J. L. FIELDS.
It appears from Mr. Fields' version of
his employment that he was In no
manner acting in an official capacity.
DELAY IN THE
PLANNED ADVANCE
ON PORTO RICO
General Miles' Departure Defer
red Owing to a Caution to Com
plete All Arrangements.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— The War
and Navy departments are now en
gaged in making all of the arrange
ments for the dispatch of the Porto
Rican expedition and Watson's east
ern squadron. There has occurred one
of those natural pauses in the progress
of the campaign, incident to the com
pletion of one set of operations. There
being no possibility of the receipt of
news of a great battle or of a surren
der, there was less excitement and less
evidence of nervous strain than for
weeks past.
General Miles' expected departure
was again deferred. The explanation
given was that there was difficulty ex
pected at Santiago in securing the na
val convoy for the expedition. It Is
known, however, in addition, that the
President himself has restrained Gen
eral Miles to the extent of adjuring
him in earnest terms not to commit the
folly of starting for Porto Rico with
out the most complete preparation. The
Government has profited by the lessons
taught by the Santiago expedition.
Aside from the actual loss ot life that
might be expected as the result from
a badly calculated start, it is realized
that our relations with some of the
European powers would be, in a small
measure at least, impaired by the ad
verse moral effect created by anything
approaching a defeat for the American
arms at this stage of the war. There
fore, it is certain that so far as the de
partment can prevent. General Miles'
forces will not be short of food or of
tents to protect them from the tropi
cal rains, nor of the means for trans
portation that were so deficient at the
beginning of the Santiago movement.
General Miles reported this afternoon
that he had with him ten transports,
which, it is presumed, have aboard sev
eral thousand soldiers, although at
least two of them are fitted with equip
ment. The men aboard ship are suf
fering from delay, precisely as did the
soldiers who lay in Tampa Bay before
the departure of the Shafter expedition.
Inquiry made at the Navy Department
to ascertain where the delay had arisen
in securing convoys was met with the
statement that the orders to Admiral
Sampson in this matter were very gen
eral. He was simply directed by the
department to furnish a convoy, and
it was assumed that he would confer
At the same time a close Inspection of
his reply to Major Weinstock shows
that he became convinced of certain ir
regularities, called the attention of the
association officers to them, and then
withheld that information from th«
stockholders. It also appears from his
letter that he extended to the officers
further time in which to adjust matters
he discovered were wrong, and in so
doing he was acting officially and not
as a mere "public accountant." The
letter of Major Weinstock plainly
shows what the impression left by Mr.
Fields 1 report was in the minds of
those to whom it was made. Thomas
Fox, in speaEing of the impression con
veyed by Mr. Fields' report to share
holders, said:
"When we read the report and Mr.
Fields said he had found things in a
correct and satisfactory condition, we
accepted it as such, and knowing that
it came from an expert, and one who
was officially connected with the board
of commissioners which has the super
vision of our affairs as an association,
we naturally thought that when he
used the term 'satisfactory' he did so
from every standpoint. As a matter
of fact, things were in a most unsat
isfactory condition, and Mr. Fields
should have so informed us."
There are many stockholders in Sac
ramento who believe that had Mr.
Fields reported things as he undoubt
edly found them the very serious and
deplorable wreck which followed might
have been averted. In 1897 Mr. Fields
made another report, which he men
tions in his letter to Major Weinstock.
While the terms used might have dif
fered in some respects from those em
ployed in his report of 1596. the impres
sion conveyed was the same, and he
left the stockholders still in the dark
concerning the true state of affairs.
The question uppermost in the minds
of many who have sustained loss by
ADVERTISEMENTS. 'V '
Where 500 orders and more are filled daily remnants and broken lots ac-
cumulate. We get them off every day, but must make sales a few times
a year to clear out everything. These sales attract attention everywhere,
as they enable buyers to get good things at little prices. This is remnant
day— and these, are remnant prices. A few things only of a kind or a few
yards. The higher cost articles, always in remnants, bear the most reduc-
tion, many things one-third to one-half their real worth.
DRY REMNANTS. FLOOR COVERS.
Here is where money Is saved rapidly. Remnants Be matting, few........; ..'.. f..80f ..8o
_■ , Per yard. Remnants 12 : -.c matting 80
Remnants 5c red, white and blue bunting.. ..3c ; Remnants 20c matting 12 0
Remnants 6c dark calico dress styles 3c j Remnants 35c matting 15 C
Remnants 5c light calico, fast c010r.. .•..;.. 3c \ Remnants 45c matting 25c
Remnants plain lawn. 10c goods ...3c Remnants floor oil cloths 18c
Remnants 50c velveteen, few colors 16c Remnants linoleum, high grade 25c up
Remnants house lining muslin, thin 2c Remnants stair carpet, good 10c up
Remnants heavier house lining 3c Remnants tapestry Brussels, fine Ssc up
Remnants good brown muslin, family grade . Remnants ingrain carpets, yard wide. ...2oc up
4c up Remnants wool. 2 and 3 ply 50c ud
Remnants good white muslin 5c up Remnants 20c table oil cloth, yard 10c
Remnants Canton flannel, good ...,5c up Remnants 30c table oil cloth, per yard... 18 O
Remnants of tennis flannel variety 5c up
Remnants of dimity and dress goods 4c up — '- —
wS^t^^S^S^S^^S..^:^ up \ OTIIER ™ANTS.
Remnants table damask, red 12^c up Remnants upholstery tapestry . jr. „_
Remnants toweling, variety of kinds 4c up Remnants fine window scrim .... Sa „{?
Remnants Cashmere, evening colors. 10c up I Remnants of chenille stand covers... "' rrJ.
Remnants Cashmere, dark c010r5.......... 10c up j Sample lace curtains, soiled, fine *"*&,,.;
Remnants Cashmere in higher grades.. lSc up I Remnant lots of $2 50 gents' hats t?
Remnants of duck in dress styles Sc up 1 Remnant lots of boys' suits, 7 to ii i-i
Remnants black dress fabrics 12V4c up Remnant lots little boys' $3 Jersey suit Hi' "ti en
I Remnants fine wool black goods..'* their value | Remnant lota boys' percale waists * ii;
Remnant lots of fine splashers and scarfs.lOc up Remnant lots $7 Casslmere coats ii™
Remnants of all-wool challle, dark 5c I Remnant lots |2 50 Cass'mere vests.'.'.'.'.'.'.' 750
Taste the fine macaroni and cheese at the demonstration counter* all
free. \ ' ;'
Try our fine fruit and berry pies; home made; 10 cents; flrs't floor.
White Swan Flour, fully warranted, in any quantity this week 95<>.'
Coffee reductions continue all this week. Save while you can.
Our one-cent articles surprise everybody who looks at them.
Wire screening, green, this week at half price— l cent square foot-
Jelly glasses with tin cover, less than barrel lots, 2 cents each. 
Sample Shoes. 9
Little girls' fine UW cloth top, 10, 10U, 11.... 50 c \jf'.£A o^§! £ 3 d H"i V
Boys' heavy shoes, 2to 4 Me «. \&a 3' x^'£ 4? "fa * 8 ' xNJI
Girls' 50 school button, to 13 75c Xjjjjr 1 HKB M Gi ■%. iSf
Girls' Jl 50 school button, 13. 13tf.. ...75c .■Tr a "' ■* ■' *• .■«•■• U bM Ita
Girls' or ladies' cloth and kid. 2'i. 3 at. ...33c , /f* £& /E> IB f!> Wft <T\ m n*,
Ladies' $1 50. nice kid samples, size 8 75c %* #m >3 fill 2% 1^ SIP B-
Men's low shoes, out of style. 5, ■7...:.'.......80 c l " « " .^^ ■ r\*%-
Men's $3 50 button shoes, sto i 0... .; $1 25 2 5-27 Market St., 8. F #
with General Miles as to the numbet
and character of vessels required for
that purpose. As the campaign, from
a naval point of view, is to be princi
pally a land movement, the naval of
ficers do not believe a very extensive
convoy is necessary.
According to the calculations at the
Navy Department, Admiral Dewey s
fleet at Cavite should now be reinforc
ed by the coast defense vessel Monte
rey, which, with the collier Brutus has
now been about twenty days out from
Honolulu. With the addition of this
fine and powerful monitor, Dewey will
be amply able to take care of himself
so long as the naval forces in the
Philippines are maintaining the rela
tive proprortions -they now occupy.
Howeyer, the disclosure by the State
Department of the lack of foundation
for the sensational stories of strained
relations with Germany has largely
abated the anxiety entertained at the
Navy Department as to Dewey's posi
tion at Manila.
The War Department was agreeably
surprised at the number of bids receiv
ed in answer to its proposals for trans
porting the Spaniards now at Santiago
to Cadiz. The terms offered by some
of the companies were also regarded as
very reasonable, and it is desirable to
terminate the present condition of af
fairs at Santiago at the earliest pos
sible moment. It is expected the
award will be made immediately. The
bid from the Spanish Steamship Com
pany was a surprise to the department
officials and at least one of them
thought that it might be food policy
for the Government to avail itself of
its offer.
Dr. Greenleafs last report to Secre
tary Alger from the American camp at
Santiago came this aftern .n and was
to the effect that while the yellow fever
was widely spread among the troops,
it was very mild in form. General Duf
field, who has been suffering from the
disease, was reported to be improving
yesterday.
The open statement from the Cuban
legation here to-day, made to the
War department officials, that they
were prepared to accept as proper the
programme laid down by General Shaf
ter for the government of affairs at
Santiago, is but a prelude, It is hoped,
to instructions from that body to the
Cuban generals in the field, General
Gomez and others, that will tend to
prevent a repetition of the conduct
that has jeopardized the relations be
tween the American and Cuban sol
diers.
the recent failure of the Union Build
ing and Loan Association is: Wherein
does the official capacity of Mr. Ftelds
commence, and his employment as a
"public accountant' end? The line of
distinction between the two has no
doubt been drawn by Mr. Fields, but
those who have suffered from his si
lence as an official, and his public dec
larations as an accountant, do not un
derstand, and will never understand,
the discrimination.
FBICTION LIKELY TO ARISE.
Relations Between France and Hayti
Decidedly Strained.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, July 20.—
It is rumored here that some friction
is likely to arise between France and
[ the Haytien republic. In spite of the
remonstrances and urgent demands of
the French Minister the Haytien Gov
ernment still refuses to abrogate the
recent decree of expulsion issued
against Mme. Hermanle, a French sub
ject, who was expelled as a person dan
gerous to public security shortly after
her notorious collision in the cathedral
with Mme. Simon Sam, wife of the
President. The Government is much ir
ritated by certain articles damaging to
Hayti that have recently appeared in
the Matin, the Libre Parole, the Au
torite and other Parisian Journals.
At the dinner given by the President
at the palace to-day to the members of
the diplomatic corps the only foreig-n
representative absent was the French
Minister. The relations between the
two governments are evidently much
trained.
German Cruiser Returns to Manila.
HONGKONG, July 20.— The German
third-class cruiser Cormoran has re
turned to Manila and the British first
class gunboat Plover goes there to
morrow.CIVIL ORDER IS
RESTORED IN THE
CITY OF SANTIAGO
Spanish and American Soldiers
Meet in the Cafes and Ex
change Mementoes.
Ft*>rlal r-ablp tn Tho rnll ami the N>w York
HeraM. Copyrighted. 1888, by James Gor
don Uennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 19, by
Thf rail-Herald dispatch-boat to Port
Antonio, Jamaica. July 20.— Civil or
der has been completely restored in
Bantiago, and no excessive celebrations
of victory are permitted. All cafes were
closed last night, for the authorities
are anxious that nothing shall mar the
good impression made by the orderly
manner in which the city was trans-
Cerred from Spanish to American rule.
Spanish and United States troops
yesterday were both patronizing places
where intoxicants were sold and drink
ing toasts to each other from well-filled
glasses.
The municipal authorities thought it
better to r< strain the joyousness of the
victory fur the present. Stores where
food and clothing are for sale are be
ing reopened, and Americans are the
mere. The soldiers are much
in need of wearing apparel, and now,
for the first time since their landing on
Cuban soil, they have begun to take
is to their raiment.
The food problem will soon be solved,
for <; a 1 transports entered the
harbor to-day and besan to discharge
their cargoes. This greatly simplifies
the work of the commissary depart
ment, which no longer has to arrange
for the transportation of supplies over
muddy trails. Santiago is still de
pending upon wells and cisterns for her
water supply. The supply from out-
Bide of the city is still cut off. It will
probably be restored in a day or two.
Engineers were sent to-day to repair
the pipp.s which broken by the
American troops in order to divert the
the water supply.
Most of the citizens of Santiago are
delighted with American rule. Exceed
ingly cordial relations exist between
the officers and soldiers of both armies.
They met and fraternized In the cafes,
which were open yesterday. The places
were filled with groups, invariably
composed of wearers of both uniforms,
chatting and exchanging reminiscences
of th ' unpleasantness. Many
Spanish and American officers ex
changed swords as remembrances of
the campaigns- The sentiment through
nut th> a American army is vastly more
fav< rable to the Spaniards than to
th* 3 Cubans. The Cubans have not been
permitted to enter the city, in accord
ance with the promise made by Gen
eral Wheeler to GeneralTcral. Even the
Cuban residents feel that it is better
that th-?ir compatriots should not come
into the city at present. The Ameri
can troops in the city consist only of a
skeleton regiment acting as a provost
guard, and some officers. The main
body of the army is on the hills, with
every man eager to get a glimpse of the
interior >t the conquered city.
Dr. OfiOndo Oerkfi, representative!
of the American Medical Society, and
Dr. G Ifellow of General Shafter's
staff, reported to-day to the command
ing general the results of their exam
ination nf th" sanitary condition of the
city. They said the water supply would
be inadequate even when the pipes were
repaired. There is no sewerage, and the
accumulated filth of the city is carried
into the bay by means of surface
drainage. Affairs will be practically
r.ormal in Santiago in a day or two. No
definite date has been set for moving
the American troops. The regiments
will remain in camp on the heights
about the city until it is certain they
have contracted no contagious diseases.
Then th«>y will be loaded on transports
bound for Porto Rico or the United
States.
WILL MAKE ROUNDS
OF THE DISTRICT
SANTIAGO ~»E CUBA. July 19, via
Kingston, Jamaica, July 20. — Lieuten
ant Miley of General Shafter's staff
left here this morning with a troop of
cavalry, mounted, under Captain Breit,
to make the rounds of the entire mili
tary ilstrict of Santiago de Cuba, and
for the purpose of receiving the formal
surrender of the Spanish forces. He
goes first to San Luis, where there ar*
about 4,500 of the enemy's troopg. Lieu
tenant Miley will then receive the sur
render, In order, f 8^ men at Cobre,
1,200 at Catalina, 2.500 at Guantanamo
and 3.500 at Baracoa. A total of 20.000
Spaniards are expected to yield their
arms to this one troop of cavalry. Af
ter reaching Baracoa Lieutenant
Miley will be compelled to ride rtraight
across the country to the coast, accom
panied by a Cuban guide. He will pro
ceed under a white flag for protection,
but General Toral has sent members
of his staff ahead to notify the Span
lards of the trrms of the surrender.
The wound of General Linares Is
much more serious than reported. His
AMERICAN SHIPS
SHELL CUBAN PORTS
From Havana Also Comes News
of the Use of Dynamite by
the Insurgents.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
li> James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, July 20.— An American ship last Saturday fired 100
shots at a distance at the port of Santa Cruz del Sur without do
ing any damage. Another American ship on Sunday fired 100 shots
at Santa Cruz on the north coast, near Jaruco.
Spanish troops in a battle with a large band of insurgents at
Aqua Villas hill killed five insurgents and captured some arms, am
munition and cattle. The insurgents during the battle exploded
three dynamite bombs. Two Spanish soldiers and one officer were
seriously wounded, and one officer and ten soldiers were slightly
wounded. Ninety kilometers out from Havana on the western
railroad a bomb was exploded under the engine and armored car of
the passenger train coming from Pinar del Rio. The engineer and
stoker were injured. The brigade commanded by the former in
surgent Masso y Para has been carrying on effective operations
against the insurgents near Slguanea and Ciequa. Some battal
ions of Masso's brigade which went recently to Manzanlllo are re
ported to have behaved admirably in defense of that place.
left arm has been amputated and to
night he is in a serious condition.
The trades and business houses open
ed their doors for the first time to-day,
cleared their .varehouses and made
ready for the receipt of goods. All the
stores are open this morning.
The pawn shops are doing a rushing
business, their shops being crowded by
all sorts of people pawning heirlooms,
clothes, dresses and furniture.
Officers tender their medals, spurs
and swords, and civil employes their
tortoise shell, gold-headed canes of of
fice for a mere song, which are in turn
bought at fancy prices by American
soldiers, officers or newspaper corres
pondents, as relics of war. ihere have
been more machetes sold to our men
as souvenirs than were laid down on
the morning of the surrender, and
crosses, service stripes and orders are
cheerfull- parted with for American
cash.
There is no ready-made clothing In
the city except blue and white striped
linen uniforms, and many of our men
are dressed in these Spanish uniforms.
They present a strange appearance and
are greeted with laughter. The readi
ness and avidity with which the store
keepers accept greenbacks is remark
able.
Many of the Spanish soldiers are
anxious to become American citizens
and are applying for naturalization
papers.
YUKON RIVER
CRAFT LOST
Two Steamships Total
Wrecks.
THE ALFRED J. BEACH SUNK
PASSENGERS ESCAPE IN THE
SMALL BOATS.
The W. H. Evans Beached at Dixon
Entrance, the Noyo Taking Her
Thirty-Five Argonauts on
to St. Michael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, July 20.— The steamer
Lakme, which arrived here to-day from
St. Michael brings news that the river
Menen Alfred J. Beach and \V. H.
Evans, which were being towed to the
mouth of the Yukon River, are total
wrecks. When some 250 miles out from
Dixon entrance the Beach hoisted a
signal of distress. She soon began to
leak badly. Finally her condition be
came so bad that her twenty-four pas
sengers took to the boats. They
reached the Evans in safety. In a
short time the Beach went down.
The captain of the Noyo then re- '
turned to Dixon entrance and beached !
the Evans. By the time he arrived at
American Bay she was all but a wreck.
The passengers were transferred to the
Noyo, which proceeded to St. Michael.
The Alfred J. Beach was the prop- ,
erty of the Alaskan Mutual Trans- j
portation and Mining Association of j
Chicago and most of the passengers i
were from Chicago. Their outfits were
tost.
The W. H. Evans carried thlrty-flve
people.
Those arriving on the Lakme with
the largest amounts of gold were
two French-Canadian families named
L'Heureaux and Ciulleid. They carried
two large leather grips filled with dust
and nuggets and a strong box contain
ing fully 150 pounds. It all aggregated
about $60,000.
J. W. McCreary of Spokane had two
sacks of nuggets which weighed $11,
000. Victor Reux had about $12,000. O.
O. Decker, a trader, had nearly $20,000.
M. R. Gooler brought out drafts aggre
gating $10,000. H. A. Schell is said to
have drafts amounting to $40,000. W. S.
Rlblets of California had $4000 deposit
ed in the purser's safe.
MAIMED BY CAB, WHEELS.
Charles Ahem of San Francisco Loses
Both of His L«gs.
SALT LAKE. July 20.— A special to the
Tribune from Idaho Falls, Idaho, says: j
A man giving his name as Charles i
Ahem fell under a freight train to-night, i
Both of his legs were cut off. He says |
h!s sister, Mrs. Bell, lives In San Fran- I
Cisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
AGNEWS SCANDAL
WILL BE PROBED
TO THE BOTTOM
State Board of Lurjacy to Tal^e the
Affair Out of the Local Board's
rjands.
SACRAMENTO, July 20.— At a meet
ing of the State Lunacy Commission
to-day the state of affairs at the Ag
news Asylum, as described in The Call,
was taken up officially by Secretary of
State L. H. Brown, who offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That, pursuant to the
power vested in this commission by
law, an investigation of the affairs
of the State Hospital at Agnews be
had, and that the Attorney-General
be requested, under section 12 of the
act creating the commission, to con
duct said investigation.
Dr. Mathews opposed the resolution, j
on the ground that the Attorney Gen- >
eral had no more business with the af
fair than had the commissioners pres- i
ent. He maintained that it was a re- i
sponsibility which neither Mr. Brown
nor anybody else should shirk. Affairs
were some time ago represented to be
equally as scandalous at the Napa ,
Asylum, and yet Mr. Brown had intro- j
duced no resolution calling for an in- i
vestigation.
"Didn't I try to get at the facts !
at that time?" demanded Secretary
Brown. "You know why we couldn't —
we were not permitted to get at the i
facts.
"I want now to get at the bottom of
the facts concerning Dr. Sponogle,"
continued Secretary Brown, "arid if in ;
order to do that we have to investigate
every asylum in the State I am per
fectly willing to do so."
He said he wanted the truth of the
scandal and would not accept the
whitewashing reports of local boards.
A motion was made by Dr. F. M.
Hatch, calling for a meeting of the
commission in San Francisco on Satur
day next, at which Brown's resolution
was to be considered. Secretary of
State Brown opposed this motion on
the ground that the State capitol was
in Sacramento and he did not believe
in running all over the State after peo
ple whom It was proposed to investl- ;
gate. They could come to the cap'.tul !
as easily as the capitol could go hunt- :
ing after them. He said that he would
oppose any resolution including Napa
and other State asylums as subjects for !
investigation, because no charges had
been filed respecting them. He believ
ed Napa was as bad as any of them;
"but," he added, turning to Dr. Ma
thews, "you know what the power was
which prevented our getting at th*> ;
truth. I will not mention it here. [
know that certain powers wanted to
whitewash that Napa affair. The Napa
board ignored the charegs. They have
even violated the civil service rules
there. I think it is rotten now."
"Well, then, why didn't you do some- j
thing?" asked Dr. Mathews. "Did you •
ever bring in a resolution?"
"No. You know why. For three
months we tried to get a report."
At this Juncture a vote was taken on
the motion calling for the meeting in
San Francisco. All save Secretary
Brown voted for it. He said he would j
not be there.
When Dr. Mathews was asked what,
in his opinion. Mr. Brown meant when
he said: "You know, doctor, why we
were not permitted to get at the facts,"
the doctor replied:
"No one can with any decree of cer
tainty tell what another man means by
any expression not entirely clear, but
it is my opinion that Secretary of State
Brown had Attorney-General Fitzger
ald in his mind when he made that re
mark."
Secretary Brown, having been asked
the same question, replied: "In the
first place, there has always been a
very serious difference existing be
tween our State board and the local !
boards of these institutions. There has ;
been a constant conflict, and but two |
members of our board have been ready I
to conduct thes-3 investigations when
our attention has been called to the
abuses and scandals which have con
stantly been reported.
"What I meant when I addressed
myself to Dr. Mathews was that we
were refused certain proofs which were
In the hands of the local board at
Napa for several months. The local
board had reports from certain detec
tives It employed, which showed that
about forty of the employes had been
guilty of gross misconduct. In many
Instances Involving them In absolute,
theft. Before our board was permitted
to see these reports, a mapority of
the guilty ones had been discharged.
Had these obstacles been removed we
could have made a thorough Investi
gation and reported accordingly. As
it was, the local board applied a whole
some supply of whitewash and covered
up the abuses by discharging a few of
the guilty ones.
"In my opinion the Investigation at
Agnews will result in a similar action,
if left to the local board. The au
thority of our State board ha* been
questioned, and until the entire board
stands together and sustains itself as
a body there will be no use or advan
tage coming from the statute which
created the State Lunacy Commission."
MORE INSIGHT TO
AGNEWS' CONDITION
SAN JOSE, July 20.— As early as last
December Frank H. Gould, that would
be apostle of Democracy, had begun to
formulate plans to oust Miss Ella
Royse from the matronship at Agnews
Asylum. This was in order to make
room for Miss Bambauer, his Merced
Importation.
Louis E. H. de Sallier, who was an
attendant at the asylum, visited Mr.
Gould at his office in San Francisco
about Christmas time and asked him
to support him for the vacancy that
existed In the position of dairyman.
De Sallier told him that Trustees Hale
and Curnow had promised to work for
him. Gould then promised De Sallier
he would do what he could to get him
a place. Gould asked De Sallier to keep
his eyes open and if he saw any crook
edness going on to let him know of it.
He said Miss Bambauer was well fitted
for the position of matron. Inquiry
was made as to what kind of a man
Berry, & carpenter at the asylum, was.
De Sallier does not remember distinctly
whether Miss Royse's name was men
tioned In connection with Miss Bam
bauer, but thinks it was. He concluded
from his interview with Gould that if
he could secure evidence to bring about
Miss Royse's dismissal from her posi
tion as matron he would be made
dairyman or something better. De Sal
lier told Gould that if he kept his eyes
open and reported to him it would be
the truth regardless of on whose head
it fell.
De Sallier was seen at his home at
San Martin to-day. He was appointed
an attendant at Agnews Asylum
through the influence of Trustee Hale
on August 1, 1897. After holding the
position nine months he resigned. De \
Lassier said there was inharmony in
the internal workings of the hospital
and he thought it best to get out before
there was a general mix-up and scan- I
dal. Unless one was a pet of the ad- I
ministration there was little chance for |
favors, and the continual warring
among the various factions was disa
greeable. He said Miss Royse was fair- |
ly liked, bore an excellent reputation j
and performed her duties well. He was
there nine months and saw Miss Royse
every day and never saw her under the
influence of liquor, as intimated by '■
Mrs. Fadden in the yellow journal of j
San Francisco. If she had indulged in
It at all he would have heard it from
some of the girls or men employed as |
attendants.
De Lassier said the Tourtillott-Madi
gan scandal was common gossip about
the institution, and in January last he !
called Dr. Sponogle's attention to it. j
At that time Dr. Sponogle called De ■
Lassier into the office and reprimanded !
him for talking to female attendants in j
the corridors. De Lassier asked why j
he was made an example of when he
talked to the young ladies openly, I
while he (Sponogle) knew Tourtillott
and Mrs. Madigan sneaked around in
back stairways and talked for hours at
a time. In answer to this Sponogle
said:
"You know how that is; he [meaning
Tourtillott] is Frank H. Gould's bro
ther, and you know what position I am
in."
De Lassier says Mrs. Williams bore :
an excellent reputation, and was a fa- ;
vorite with the Inmates. He knows
Bessie Bailey and Ed Herbert, and said
their escapade was really the fault of
Dr. Sponogle. Miss Bailey's mania was
of a mild nature, and the medical di
rector allowed her to take daily walks ;
with the female attendants. On these
occasions Herbert was always along,
and allowing these two to come to
gether so much was the means of mak
ing them lovers. Sponogle knew they
were together a great deal, because it j
was necessary to secure his permission
to take the young lady out.
CALL FOR THE INQUIRY
NOT YET ISSUED
SAN JOSE, July 20.— Chairman Cur
now of the Agnews Asylum trustees
has not yet issued the call for a special
meeting to Investigate the charges of
immorality made by Charles Williams
against T. T. Tourtillott and Mrs, K.
Madigan. To-day he gave the same
stereotyped answer that the meeting
would be held the first of next week.
The excuse now being made for not
holding the investigation sooner is that
Attorney Bowden, who Is to represent
Dr. Sponogle, is busy in court.
The affidavit made by Detective Er
win Frost that he was hired by White
to obtain evidence against Sponogle is
not taken seriously and it has placed
him in a rather peculiar position. It
is said that at last night's meeting
Sponogle stated that Frost was trying
to blackmail him and that associated
with him in this was Henry S. Weit
man, a brother of the first Mrs. Spon
ogle. It is known positively that Welt
man was in town several weeks ago.
Now Frost, not knowing that Spon
ogle had formed this opinion of the
reason that prompted him to make the
charges, made affidavit that White had
hired him to dig up evidence against
Sponogle in order to force the' latter to
put back Miss Royse.
The statement of Sponogle is being
genrally credited and Frost's affidavit
has fallen flat and is regarded as the
peculiar eccentricity of an excited man
who has had the props knocked out
from under the pedestal upon which he
has been standing.
ALASKAN VESSELS TO
BE USED AS TRANSPORTS
Lakme, Tillamook and Alliance Char
tered and Two Others Soon to
Be Acquired.
SEATTLE, July 20.— The Government,
as represented by the Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company of San Francisco
and Seattle, has chartered several steam
ers to carry soldiers to Uncle Sam's new
possessions In the Pacific. The vessels
procured are the Lakme, Tillamook and
Alliance, and negotiations are almost
closed for the Charles Nelson. The four
steamers are now engaged on the Alaska
run between Seattle and St. Michael. A
deal is on foot for the chartering of the
steamship Columbia.
The Lakme arrived in port to-day, and
as soon as sho can be made ready she
will be sent to San Francisco to be turned
over to Major Long. The other vessels
will reach here from the north in the
course of a week. These transports have
accommodations for about 3000 soldiers.
Tue Climate of Cuba.
Because of frequent rains in Cuba, malarial
fevers are a common ailment therp, Just as
they are In many sections of the United
States. Ailments of this kind, no matter in
what part of the globe they occur, are quickly
cured with Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. Be-
sides beins a specific for malarial troubles,
these Bitters also make pure blood, strong
nerves and muscles, and firm, healthy flesh.
They have no equal for dyspepsia and con-
stipation.
A SOLDIER CURED!
CAMP MERRITT,
SAN FRANCISCO. June 9. 1898.
DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentlemen: Last Oc-
tober, while at Fort Bliss. El Paso. Texas, I
| sent for one of your famous "Dr. Plerce's Elec-
I trie Belts." for Rheumatism, etc., and after
! using it only two months my complaints en-
tirely disappeared and I have not been troubled
with eny pain or discomfort since. I consider
your Belt to be the finest body-battery in ex-
I litence. as the electric current Is both powerful
and lasting. I purchased your No. XXX Belt
■ and now. after using it several months, it is
as good as new.
I heartily recommend Dr. Pierces Electrlo
Belt to all sufferers. Tours gratefully,
JOHN P. ANDERSON
Co. H. IRth Infantry, U. S. Army.
IC Buy no Belt till you see Dr. Pierces
Write for our new "Book No. 2," which glvea
price list and tells all about it, or call on the
FMERCE ELECTRIC CO.
620 Market st_, opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
Age. Illness, care cause Wrinkles, Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURT, 127 West
Forty-second St., New York, has had over 26
year*' practical experience removing Wrinkles.
Crow's Feet, without pain. Consultation free.
Chances moderate.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
i^ii ,1 Ei|ini|i l | ifii Min'niF i i Tinwf i nff yiWiiii'^ifr >m^ a r^ > ' a * a^^T tt gr? o^ B mc'
ok Woman's Confidence
i^ELi to Get
>^Tj^^f V And the
*^2^j— Easiest Thing
to Lose.
You cannot fool a woman more than once. You .
cannot make her believe an article is honest if it is
not.
The confidence ladies have in us is being greatly
enhanced during this Special Sale in our Children's
Department, and we really do what we can to
deserve their goodwill.
No woman on earth will say we
do not deserve her entire confidence C^^-p
if she will but visit our store during (L -3
this sale and see the garments we /^^^s^/\^
are offering for $2.35 which are fljSg^^.
positively worth and have been sold "^^fiO^/' \
as high as $5. %
The effects are a gorgeous array '
of beautiful designs and smart pat- (^N4J* Z^^^H
terns in Reefers, Middies and Dou- '^o^*"*^/^^^
ble-breasted Suits, ages 8 to 14, Q^°<4 1 \ \ • v"®'"
comprising all the latest styles in \\ 02
weaves of Worsteds, Cheviots, |g| \l ]§^
Tweeds and Cassimeres. " -BHwii
All garments purchased during WW
this sale can be retained a week Jl Bf
and, if dissatisfied, money will be \3\
refunded. No questions asked. £y
For fear the above assertions may seem elaborated upon, we candidly
admit that we are losing money on every article sold during this sale, yet we
are thoroughly contented to do so in order to introduce our Boys' Depart-
ment to the mothers of San Francisco.
Combined 'with the above sale will be several hundred
All-wool and Worsted Knee Pants, ages 6 to 14, which will
be sold during this sale for 65c, former price $1.00, $1.50
and $2.00.
No department We must con-
of the manufac- <£jjfr y/^lyP! ifSW sider the fond
ture of clothing -M JL %ja\ =5 -^ J ■* mother who
demands a wider Jmi / - (nr W ■- " judges from an
range of experi- %il^/W^*^^l^^^^ artistic stand-
ence - than that ''^J^M /^T^ : ' v ' point: the happy ,
devoted to the \/' Uv ] / v%? father who pays
apparel of the / /-/ fe the bill; and last,
younger genera- / // \ \ but not least, the
tion. ±J/ VJ young hopeful
fly B himself.
a L
We are now paying to get acquainted with you,
and therefore give you a Suit for $2.35 worth $5.00
and offer money back a week after purchase.
S.N.WOOD&CO.,
;: ■'■ ■ : ■■■' ■ ■■■ 718 MARKET STREET.
CIO lTlr\lVfVl_k 1 O* ** . "'V-.-
34
BUT THOSE DOVES
WISELY MIGRATED.
Then Heard That Jeff Bolton and Fred
Butler Were After Them in a
Wing Shot Contest.
IN th© excitement of the alarms
and victories of war there are mo
mentous events transpiring In
this fair land that are not receiv
ing the publio attention to which
their Importance entitles them. At
the present writing probably the
most absorbing matter In a sport-
Ing way Is the great Bhootlng con
test between Jeff Bolton, the well
known engraver, bon vlvant and
good fellow generally, and Fred
Butler, widely known among Insur
ance men, artists and the lovers of
field sports.
Bolton has never fired a shotgun,
but Is clever with the rifle, while
Butler Is a crackajack at wing
shooting. There were two wagers
on the results. The first was a din
ner at a swell French restaurant for
seven capable "feeders," Bolton
agreeing to kill as many doves as
his competitor. The second wager
was for a fine hat, Butler proposing
to bag five doves to Bolton's one.
After the bets were made Bolton
concluded that he had taken an
alarming contract and he put In
many weary hours Interviewing the
best shots in the city as to the
surest way to do the "Dewey and
Schley act," and also in securing mu
nitions of war. The latter consist
of four guns of different gauge, 1000
shells, two retrievers and a "gillie"
to carry his extra howitzers. He had
a straw-colored suit and a hat of the
same color, constructed from a good
sized umbrella.
"You see this Is all new business
to me," said Bolton, prior to his de
parture for the field of contest. "I
make a snap shot with a camera
first rate, but that won't kill doves.
However, I have talked with Gol
ehr>r. 'Billy 1 Kittle, Charlie Fisher.
"Billie" Brown and a lot of the
other dead shots and I guess I
will win out all right. They advise
me to use ten, twelve, fourteen and
sixteen inch bore guns and I have
secured them. I have a thousand
shells, a couple of good retrievers
and a boy to carry the extra guns
and any surplus of game. I am in
formed that the doves are so thick
up Niles way that one can't miss
them, and I am going to take advan
tage of Butler by shooting two guns
at once. If he can beat that cinch I
will get off the earth in disgust.
"They said something about the
rules barring 'pot shooting,' a term
which they did not explain to me.
Butler only shoots on the fly. and so
I have another surprise for him. I
is said that the birds are around the
water holes over there by the hun
dreds. All I need is to find them on
the ground In droves and turn loose
FOUR MEN WERE
SLAIN BY LIGHTNING
And Five Others Who Sought Shelter
Under a Tree Seriously-
Injured.
NEW YORK, July 20.— New Jersey and
part of New York were swept last night
by a storm, which caused great destruc
tion to life and property. Four men were
etruck by lightning and instantly killed,
and five others were badly injured while
eeeklng shelter from the storm under a
tree near Boonton, N. J. The dead, all of
Boonton, were: James Quick, 27 years
old; John Risschynsky, 20 years old; John
Valentine, 30 years old; Clarence Todd, 14
years old.
The Injured are: John Bott of Boonton,
hurt internally, not expected to live; Lou-
Is Todd of Boonton, burned and paralyzed;
John Quick of Boonton, paralyzed; John
Sweeney of Boonton, paralyzed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
" Beauty is but skin-
deep" was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
like the beauty of health "
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
two gruns at once. That will bottle
up the other fellow plenty. If he
thinks I am going to bother with
trying to hit a single bird flying a
hundred miles a minute he can pay
for the terrapin and other things.
I understand his scheme Is to shoot
six feet ahead of the doves and let
them collide with the shot. That is
too much like trying to hit a bolt of
lightning, and I draw the line right
there.
"Butler may win the dinner by a
scratch, but I figure that if I kill
five hundred doves out of my thou
sand shells he will be lost, for he
will have to kill 2501, and that would
embarrass a bank to buy the ammu
nition, aside from the wear and tear
on his nerves and gun. Of course,
it will be tough on the dogs to re
trieve all this game, but they are
active and ought to stand the exer
tion.
"I have made arrangements to
have the birds packed in gunny
sacks, so they can be shipped home
by express. So If there Is any se
rious dearth of doves in the market
after this week I suppose the blame
will rest with me. Still it is to be a
contest of skill and the slaughter
must go on, all same the Oregon and
the Spaniards. The redeeming fea
ture is that my friends will not have
to buy any meat for a week, and In
return therefor they have agreed to
meet me at the ferry with a brass
band. However, they did not state
whether It would be a dog collar or
real wind-jammers."
Up to the time of leaving for the
seat of war Butler "sawed wood"
very carefully, but dropped a re
mark that was of great import to
his rival.
"I don't propose," said he to a ;
sympathizing friend, "to pay for the :
terrapin, wine or hat if there are '■
any country gamins up that way i
pot-shooting for the market. I will :
be the market." !
Final reports last night from the :
seat of war give the gross and net
results. Butler had plenty of birds :
for his friends, but Bolton had none.
He says he did not know that there
were kids selling doves in that sec
tion. Butler says that the only
thing Jeff struck was a son-stroke—
i. c., he was hit by a turnip thrown
by a farmer's son for trespassing.
The cold facts are that each lost
Bolton killing two birds and Butler
, four, after a tramp of twenty miles
Both say there were no blrda in that
county.
RIGID ENFORCEMENT
OF EXCLUSION ACT
Important Ruling of Assistant Sec
retary Howell on Admission
of Chinese.
WASHINGTON, July 20—Asslstant
Secretary Howell of the Treasury De
partment made a ruling in regard to the
admission into the United States of Chi
nese persons which is more comprehen
sive in its restrictions than any hitherto
made since the passage of the Chinese
exclusion act. This action was in ac
cordance with an opinion of the Attor
ney General, who holds, in effect, that
the exclusion act applies to all classes
of Chinese persona other than those spe
cifically named in the act. The only ex
ceptions, therefore, are officials, teachers
students, merchants or travelers for cu
riosity or pleasure. It is estimated that
the number of persons hitherto admitted
but hereafter to be excluded will aggre
gate several thousand a year The fol
lowing letter of instructions, based upon
the Attorney Generals opinion, has been
sent to the Collector of Customs at San
X' rancisco:
WASHINGTON', July 20, 1898.
Collector of Customs, San Francisco— Sir-
KeR-rring to your communication of the 14th
UK., In relation to the appeal from your de
cision rejecting the application of Wonj Yook
bun. a Chinese person, seeking admission to
this country as a trader and confirming the
telegT«rn sent to you on the 19th inst., you
are informed that in an opinion, dated the
lath inst.. the Honorable Attorney General
nolds> that Chinese persons known as traders
should not be allowed to land in this coun
try, even though they submit the certificate
prescribed by the act approved July 5 ism
relating to the admission of Chinese. I in
close herewith for your information a cony
of the opinion of the Attorney General and in
vite your particular attention to that Doctlon
of it in which he says:
"It may ba stated comprehensively that the
result of the whole body of these laws and
decisions thereon is to determine that the true
theory Is not that all Chinese persons may en
ter this country who are not forbidden but
that only those are entitled to enter who are
expressly allowed."
You are therefore directed to hereafter re
fuse admission to all Chinese persons whose oc
cupation or station does not clearly indicate
that they are members of the exempt class of
Chinese as defined by the law, and applica
tions for admission for persons described aa
salesmen, clerks, buyers, bookkeepers, account
ants, managers, storekeepers, apprentices
agents, cashiers, physicians, proprietors of
restaurants, etc., should be rejected by you
Respectfully yours, W. B. HOWELL,
Assistant Secretary.
Races for Santa Bosa.
SANTA ROSA. July 20.— 1t was prac
tically decided this afternoon to have a
race meeet under the auspices of the Pa
cific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' As
sociation here in August. A committee will
be appointed to solicit the support of citi
zens. To-morrow five carloads of trottln*.
horses from Oakland will arrive.
AJtUU; F>A:JS / t ;.-J3 ."JK-A^l *JJ.»«JU iJAJUJj, ±Jbi U JtI&JJ AX , JULY 21, 185*8.
CADETS OBEY
CAMP RULES
Santa Rosa Guardhouse
Is Empty.
ONE YOUNGSTER SENT HOME
CAUGHT FORAGING IN A NEAR
BY ORCHARD.
The First Regiment Expecting a
Visit From a Lieutenant of
the United States Volun
teer Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAMP MONTGOMERY, Santa Rosa,
July 20. — "Halt and salute the colors"
is the command that rings out sharp
and clear to the visitors at the camp
of the League of the Cross Cadets,
from the sentry who is stationed near
the flag pole— that is, if visitors should
by any chance neglect to raise their
hats on passing the Stars and Stripes,
that flutter on a big flagpole at the en
trance of Camp Montgomery. Some of
the strangers blush and look embar
rassed at their ignorance of camp
rules, but they remove their hats just
the same, to pay homage to the flag.
To-day the guardhouse contained no
prisoners, and Father Dempsey, who
is loved by everybody in camp, was in
a measure disappointed, as he had pro
curred several dozen bottles of ginger
ale to distribute to the prisoners during
their term in durance vile. One small
cadet in Company F was sent back to
San Francisco to-day, for disobeying
orders. The lad, accompanied by sev
eral companions, visited an orchard,
owned by Mrs. Rogers. Town Consta
ble G. H. Boswell was informed of the
forage and swooped down upon the
party. There was a lively chase. The
small boy was handicapped by weight
of forage and Constable Boswell caught
him. He was released after having
been warned by the constable, but
Colonel Sullivan decided that he be
made an example of and he was ac
cordingly sent home.
Soon after guard mount this morn
ing, stages, drawn by four horses,
double seated rockaways and single
horse rigs, began to line up opposite
the company streets and the vehicles
were soon filled with the youngsters,
who drove to the neighboring mineral
springs to spend the day, singing and
shouting all the way.
To-night the camp was the scene of
a big reception tendered to citizens of
Santa Rosa. Elaborate preparations
having been made, the affair was a
great success.
The sickest boy in camp to-day was
Private Louis Shipley of Company E.
He was unable to drill to-day after
having taken a fifty-mile ride on horse
back.
Company A looks forward with pleas
ure to a visit from Lieutenant F. S.
Drady of the Eighth California Volun
teers some day this week. Lieutenant
Drady formerly was captain of A and
resigned his command to accept a com
mission in the volunteers.
The Rev. Father Cullen of Sacred
Heart parish San Francisco, is here.
He will remain the balance of the week,
a guest of Colonel Sullivan. The field
and staff officers were the guests of
the Rev. Father Cassin, vicar of Santa
Rosa, at dinner to-day.
Great disappointment is expressed
by the officers of the regiment at the
departure of Lieutenant Steele of Com
pany A, which takes place on Friday.
The lieutenant is one of the commit
tee on the field day sports for Satur
day. He received a telegTam yester
day from his employer, telling him to
return to San Francisco on Friday.
Harry and William Davis, nephews
of the Rev. Father Yorke, visited the
camp yesterday. They were the guests
of Colonel Sullivan.
Quartermaster Sergeant McGinn Is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IJPIgj Youth Has Its Day!
mr^^y^^i When Age approaches how will
pC J^^^^M y° u be prepared for it? Will
■L .".Jm^iJ y° u k e a^' c to sa y : "I have not
B^flriHaMa abused the laws of nature; lam
P Every man is given a oertain amount of that element which we call "vital force" to
start on. If he nurses it and cares for it he will be a strong man at sixty.
But it is like your balance in bank. If you draw on it every day and make no
amends for the waste, you are sure to break down the structure.
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
It is upon this subject that Dr. Sanden, famous as a physician and scientist, has
written his now famous book, "Three Classes of Men," touching upon the various causes of
the breaking down of the vital structure. It is for young men, middle-aged and old men.
It is full of truths which will appeal to every man who finds his physical and vital force
declining from whatever cause. You ought to read it. It is free upon application.
Dr. Sanden, in this book, proves that the basis of all vital, nerve and organic
' strength is electricity. Some of the smartest men in the land agree that electricity is the
instrumentality of all animal life. It is upon this idea that Dr. Sanden constructed his
now celebrated appliance, \y '.■''.'
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
It is to fill the nerves and organs with electricity every night while you sleep.
When you awake in the morning you are refreshed, wideawake and full of the joy of living,
for your nerves are charged with the vim, the snap and "go >* ,***&&£&>'
of life. Weakness vanishes, the drains and nervous spells *~JffltL 9^
cease, and you soon recover all the vigor of a strong man. /^Sl® fS&fr&Ljr
There are over 10,000 cures of weak, nervous men />^<SIJL jL jlllf^ta
by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It will cure you if you are */ J''\'*? t Jmj? /"Jia^
■ weak. Send for the book to-day and see what it has done &&jfi J*&*^\ (ur^
for others. Call or address y^g^^X ;^: NJ^i 
DX. A. 1. oANDEN, * NnT ,» nßllß c TnR r« * wk&L aSM^
ui\. i\. i. o/iiNJLUjn, NnT iw ncnc QTnoPQ f/O
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Fr»nci S co. Ml IN UKUb SIUHtS. 'lflfßt^ mm ( Hf^^ffl|
Office hours, BA.M.toS P. M. Sundays, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt < . imNBBKKi&trZS&SImMSBti'L "_JiAT' )
10 to .l Branches at Los Angeles, Cal. 204VL Is never sold Vln drug store* V§h KHkBBIMHbHb^hNv (Bm II »
Bouth Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only ™JF^^B'B»»sHrKSl^f TOM
ton street; Denver. Co!.. 931 Sixteenth street; at our office. C* "^^Bol/ JBwF ' w r - i
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. j^.__ ' ' " " ' ' ' ' .+ . w > *?** -nl^.n 1^ .-
the hardest worked man In camp; he
seems to have no rest and is busy from
sunrise to sunset moving tents and
looking after supplies.
Drum-Major Young is the dude
of the regiment, and makes a big im
pression at the head of the band on
dress parade. Among the ladies he
seems to be the favorite.
To-day Captain J. J. Power was of
ficer of the day and Lieutenants Mc-
Crystill and McCarthy, officers of the
guard.
PLEA FOR LESS TAX.
Equalizers Hear the Carson and Colo
rado Railway's .Representative.
SACRAMENTO, July 20.-To-day's ses
sion of the State Board of Equalization
was devoted to the hearing of the appli
cation of the Carson and Colorado Rail
road Company for a reduction from $230,
000 to $70,000 on the assessment of that
portion of the road operated in California-
There were present In behalf of the road
Superintendent R. T. Lewis, J. F. Burke
and H. H. Taylor.
In support of the petition, Mr. Burko
read a lengthy statement to the effect thai,
the assessment heretofore levied was
greatly In excess of the actual value oi
the property. He said the actual value
of Its franchise, roadbed, track and roll
ing stock in the State was $70,000. Th«
shares of stock of the company had no
market value. The actual value of the
entire property of the company did not
exceed $200,666. The net earnings for the
year ending June 30, 1897, after payment
of taxes, were $11,673. During the past
five years the floating unsecured Indebt
edness of the company Incurred in mak
ing renewals and betterments required to
keep the road in operating condition haa
grown so as to amount to $335,000 on June
30, 1897, from which It was apparent that
the company's property really was oper
ated at a loss.
After the petition had been thoroughly
discussed by all parties present, the board
took the matter under advisement and ad
journed until to-morrow.
PRESIDENTIAL APPOINTMENTS
Distribution of Good Places In Flor-
Ida and Louisiana.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
To be Collectors of Customs: District
of St. Augustine, Fla_, Thomas B.
George; District of Fernandlna, John W.
Howell; District of St. Marks, Fla., Sam
uel P. Anthony; District of New Orleans,
August T. Wimberly; District of Pearl
River, Miss., John P. Wai worth.
Louis J. Souer, to be Collector of Inter
nal Revenue for the District of Louisiana.
Charles W. Boothby, to be Superintend
ent of the Mint at New Orleans.
Charles L. Fontanbleau, to be Marshal
for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
The Louisiana appointments dispose of
a long factional contest that has been
waged for the Federal patronage in that
State.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, July' 20.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California-
Original— James B. Cravath, Poway, $6;
Francisco Rivas, Los Angeles, $6; Nich
olas Anderson, Soldiers' Home. Los An
geles, $8. Original, widows, etc. — Thomas
Pool, father, Alostq,, $12; Sarah A. Cahill,
Los Angeles, $8; Emma Bush, Los An
geles, $S.
Oregon— Original— James A. Harper,
Woodburn, $6; Schuyler Rue, Oregon City,
$6; Henry Hopkins, Newberg, $6. In
crease—John Walters, West Portland, $30
to $50. Original, widows, etc.— Lydia Is.
Miller, Sellwood, $8.
Washington — Mexican war survivors-
Increase — Robert Creed, Laurel, $8 to $12.
Tracy Residence Burned.
STOCKTON, July 20.— Tracy came near
being a second time made the victim of
flames to-night. An oil lamp exploded In
the residence of Patrick Moffett and the
house was destroyed, with a loss of about
$1200. Residents formed a bucket brigade
and worked like Trojans, or there would
have been a repetition of the conflagration
of last month. This would have swept the
residence portion as that did the business
portion of the town.
Investigating Postal Service.
BOSTON, July 20.— With Representa
tive Loud of California In the chair the
sub-committee of the Congressional post
office Investigating committee opened its
first session here to-tfay. Senator Chan
dler of New Hampshire. Moody of Mas
sachusetts, and Representative Fleming
of Georgia were present. The chief mat
ter considered was the carrying of eec
ond class matter in the mails.
»
Schonmaker's Faction Wins.
MILWAUKEE, July 20.— Judge Ludwig,
in the Superior Court to-day, rendered a
decision in the injunction case of the Su
preme Court of the United Order of For
esters in favor of the Minnesota faction,
headed by George James Schonmaker oi
St. Paul, and holding that the supreme
officers, headed by Schonmaker, wers
legally elected, thus annulling the elec
tion of officers, among whom A. W. Stoltz
of Chicago was supreme chief ranger.
GALE WRECKS
FISHING CRAFT
Lives Lost on Fraser
River.
SMALL VESSELS CAPSIZED
FIVE MEN DROWNED AND TEN
MISSING.
But for the Timely Appearance of a
Tug the Death List Would
Have Numbered
Scores.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, July 20.— A. E. Tre
gent, the well-known salmon canner of
this city, returned to-day after a visit
to his Fraser River canneries with a
story of death and disaster to many of
the fishermen, due to the recent fierce
gales along the coast.
Almost every day since the salmon
season opened high winds have pre
vailed, greatly interfering with fishing
operations.
Two days ago, while hundreds of
fishermen were engaged several miles
of the mouth of the Fraser, they were
struck by a gale which threw their
frail shells against one another and
emptied many of the occupants Into the
ocean. Great excitement followed, in
tensified by the cries and lamentations
of many "klootchmen," who accompa
nied their husbands on the trip. At the
time there must have been 150 boats
strung out along the coast, and had it
not been for the timely assistance of a
tup the loss of life would have been ap
palling.
In the struggle for life which follow
ed the squall five fishermen went down,
never to rise again.
Ten more are said to be missing, but
the full extent of the fatality will not
be known for several days, when the
head men of the fleet will reach West
minster.
The scene Immediately after the dis
aster was, according to an eye-witness,
one never to be forgotten. Many of the
small boats had been crushed in like
egg shells and their owners clung to
them like half drowned rats, in several
caseo fighting like madmen for safe po
sitions. So convinced were many of the
Indian fishermen that their last hour
had arrived that they sent up their
weird death song and did not close It
even when the tu<? arrived.
ALL-CHICA6OS THE
CRICKET CHAMPIONS
OMAHA, July 20.— A11-Chicago settled
the championship of the Northwestern
Cricket Association this afternoon by de
feating Manitoba In a one-inning match
by 155 to 132. The match was very pretty
and was won by the sharp fielding of
Chicago. The heavy batters of the Cana
dians seemed afraid of the bowling.
Minnesota beat Denver by four wick
ets. In the first inning the mountain
eers were all out for forty, and in the
following inning they declared their in
nings closed, with 76 for seven wickets.
Minnesota went In with forty-five min
utes to play and 44 runs to make. This
was accomplished. Calks, for Denver, did
the only batting worthy of notice, carry
ing his bat for 41 in the second inning.
Edmonds and Goodwin of Minnesota
bowled a terrific gait, and their hitting
was fully as strong as their trundling.
They got 20 and 21, respectively.
Results of Chess Games.
VIENNA, July 20.— The thirty-fifth
round of the International Chessmasters"
tournament was played to-day. The re
sults up to the recess were that Schlech
ter, Showalter and Pillsbury defeated, re
spectively, Baird, Trenchard and Wal
brodt. After recess Stelnitz beat Llpke,
Caro lost to Marco, Burn and Blackburne
drew. Alapin was beaten by Janowski,
Tarrasch downed Schlffers and Halprln
surrendered to Tschigorin.
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding: "~"!th Any of the For -Ing Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and f!rt Ware Importers.
, 117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL limbs.
ME V CDDIY'fJ Proprietor. Send for meas-
iUCrliU JlHlllU ure blanks. U. S. Coxnmls-
slon. 9 Geary St.. S. F. __^
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
ETVF * CrRTVTIT ED Bank, Office and Saloon
rIWKaMIUi>IJLcK,F!Uing3, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South 267.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock P-II lID £fA v Montgomery St.
Auctioneers. BIILLIT Ol til- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. %
Wll CmftEVlNfi Phlpping trade supplied.
frill- JWllllfci'llfllU} 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
LP TIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. DEUcN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, $63 and $75. Crescents, In Men's
and Ladies' $35. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL, 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
*a «ST V - ''■ Brad Patent
if fl DETACHABLE
Jl A* MUD DRUM y
j §£j{^gfs£||j3» for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery. .
BOOKBINDERS.
JTJ MpTTIWDI? Bookbinder and Printer,
• D, llibllU 1 FiLi. 422 Commercial street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Mirr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship. Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS, WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.M.H.OBER & CO. equipoise waists.
ITirS.UI.n.UOEK (X WU. 34OearyBt..Tel.P.edli01
DENTIST.
PR- C- W- RICHARDS, sk^^eW
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH.
■ ■ Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). ..
REDiNGTON&co. f^tf.^jjfa^i
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
. Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearny street
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SO NOT DESPAIR I DonotSuf-
/<^Wjg*'J\ fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
iT>3f*^*c«* life can be reptored to you. The very
mS _ JflBL "°rst cases of NerTou* Debility are
a absolutely DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Servom Debility are
absolutely cured by PEHFECTO
.Ml jkJ&A TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
ZJvia somnia, failing memory and the waste
tWtVjsg|Kgtar and drain of vital powers, incurred by
iT\XsjOjS* indiscretions or excesses of early years.
*- >*Bf-*"^. Impart vi(ror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give _-**>>_ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of young or old.
One Boo box renews vital energy, A* J8 boxes at
$3. 60 a complete guaranteed cure T«f,iy or money re-
funded. • Can be carried in rest pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of:
price by TUB PERFECTO CO., Caxtoß illdj., Chlc» ? o, 111.
Bold In San Francisco by the Owl "Drug Co. .
■ HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
■ Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers I
■In Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write COOK KKM- ■
ED V CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 1] j
W CA6O, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ■ !
m f500,00a Worst cases cured la 15 to 3i daya, H
■ 100-page book free. cured la 16 to 36 day* ■
IUO-pago book free ■
y^^DEWEY,STRONG &CO->gg> L
ft I gATENTS^ I)
Vfi^33OMARiUT ST. Sf.^y
"WINDY AND DISAGREEABLE."
When a man blows wind off his stomach, that is flatulence.)
Sometimes people call it gulping *md. . No matter what you call it^
the disease, for it is a disease, is an annoying one to you and disgust*,
ing.to your friends. I once heard a politician speak of a rival, whom •
he ' did not admire, as a flatulent old fool. Flatulent means windysr
Usually we mean by it wind collected in the stomach. Wind in thoj
intestines may also be -. just as properly designated flatulence. It is)
always caused by indigestion, A physician, who practices in a toww
near Albany, New York, reports the case of an old gentleman who 5
had been so annoyed by a persistent condition of flatulence that hcl
had consulted all the doctors in the vicinity without securing any?
' benefit . M Finally he came to me and I prescribed several remedies,
which failed utterly. . I then prescribed Ripans Tabules, which he re-;
ported gave him immediate relief, and he is now nearly cured. X think)
it would be an excellent thing to make a strong feature of ■ flatulence V
in all the R-IP-ANS advertisements, for I find them > excellent ' i^j
almost every case of that sort."
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,001
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & co./ai^i?-ar«
FLOUR.
V ITT AN AT Flour Mills. J. Martenstein * Co.
llAllvilALi s.W. cor. Battery and Faclflo sts.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. , Importers & Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln st, 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies,
Carts, etc If you want bargains call or writ* ■
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hediey. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
MARINB INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SY2 & CO., Agents,
801 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFDMHIDn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
IQC DEKnllAKll at. Telephone Main 1574. •
OPTICAL GOODS.
TI TTVTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LiLHlrl) full 18-k. wedding Rings. 4 3d st
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
fIILLMItILI I L 722 Montgomery Street,
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Larsrest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
IT AT) kIT Agency. Reloading, developing, print*
AUlfAAing. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
. REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
r_)A_ ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery St.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T6 fe pMc PARTRIDGE ff 3 o rni^
SEWING MACHINES.
"nntJCQTIP" Pre-eminently the machine for
UUITILOMU family use. 1021 Market itreet.
near Sixth.
_____ _
SOAP.
g. R, LUCY & CO., gLyarsuifgfc
THE ffICKS-JUDD CO., mm r 2a B g^ t „
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms rniC DI ICC Claus Sprocket*
407, 408. 409. 410 VllA DLI JJ Bldg.; 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
f\ALIFORKIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 818 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPB FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & S hat tuck. The Home Industry
House, 608 Clay st. "
WAGONS AND ! TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. ma«uf»otiirer of
carriages,- buggies, etc. ; repairing done In
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear st. ; tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public . Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California at. Tel. Main 1914.
DR.MCNULTY.
T R IS AND RELIABLE OLtt
A Speirfallstcure* Prlvate^Nervous,Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.! Over
20 ypurs experience. Bend for Book, free, Patients
dal#B t »V >l Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to «
da11y, 6:30 to B.3O «TVB. Sundays, 18 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call oradOreai
I». ROSCOE Me2Wiri/rY. M. I>.,
26^ KEARNY BTEEET. BAN FRANCISCO. OAL I
RgTgfDR. BALL'S REINVIGORATOR
MmS^B?! I Five hundred reward for any case
If** we cannot cure. This secret remedy
HtliiM : i_ _r stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
E£2J D Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele.
tTtTI CtITTI Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Stricture».
Mam ttsi Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
Barji St.- fects of self-abuse or excesses Sent
■_ .IHHLLBP sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $6; guar-
anteed to cure. : Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland CaJ Alsa
for sale at 1073% Market it, S. F. All prt-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
yfg?3rialt«sd»js.\f Whites, unnatural dial
Djfrijf Gi»r»nt«d \j charges, or any inflarama.
jraj not to itrietare. "" tion. irritation or nlcSal
B^|Pr.r«u ...ugioa. tion of mv c o u <b mem-
KSITHEEvANS CHEMTuno. »nei. Non-astringent.
VM|ICINCINS«TI.O BIH «<»•«« by Dra|tsUt»,
' ■ X^ak. U. 8. a. J^JTP 1 " ■«»>* in plain wrapper,
■^wl->s»^««--#ay «i y nA expre o S L P^aid, for
< V^^Ho^l f. 1 - 00 ' or 3 bottles. $2.73.
■ Circular g^nt on raquaat.SOUTH DAKOTA BOYS
TO SAIL SATURDAY
THE Seventh California Volun
teers have received direct assur
ances from President McKinley
that the regiment will sail for
Manila on the transport Scandia.
The facts were placed before the
President by Governor Budd and Sen
ator Perkins, hence the desire of the
volunteers for active service at the
front will soon be gratified.
At the Presidio there is talk that
Major General Shafter will shortly re
turn to San Francisco and take com
mand of the Department of California.
Occasionally officers get a hint
through private telegrams from in
fluential friends of contemplated
changes. It was remarked yesterday
by an officer: "I believe General
Shafter will be here within three
■week?. He has finished his work at
Bantiago and will not care to stay
there any longer. Should he express
a desire to return here the War De
partment would probably comply with
his request."
The clerical force in the adjutant
generals office at Washington must
be rattled. Statements wired to the
press of the country on the authority
of that office give anything but a cor
rect record of the number of men en
listed under the President's second
call for volunteers. Day before yes
terday The Call received a dispatch
letting forth that "California was
slow in responding to the second call
for troops, having supplied only 624
men." Th-- dispatch was promptly
thrown in the waste basket as rubbish,
because the- fact was well known to
every one who cared to give the sub
ject "the plierht^st attention that a regl
ment numbering more than twelve
hundred men, recruited under the sec
ond call, was encamped at Sather sta
tion in Alameda County.
Adjutant General Karrett was noti
fied, however, that some of the stupid
and Incompetent clerks in General Cor-
Mn's office in Washington were giving
out for publication misleading and
lering statements which were cal
culated to bring discredit on the State
of California. General Barrett at once
raphed to the War Department
that California had furnished 2453 men
under the second call. The Washing
ton correspondent of this paper was
also directed to investigate and ascer
tain why the adjutant general's office
gave out such erroneous figures. In re-
Bnonse to this direction the following
dispatch was received last night:
WASHINGTON. July 20.— Complaints
have come in to-day from several
States that the number of men en
listed under the President's second call,
as given out on the authority of the
adjutant general's office, is incorrect.
Figures from one official to-day give
California's enlistment under the sec
ond call as being 1 near the quota, or a
full regiment, but the exact number is
not obtainable. The adjutant general's
office pays California cannot have fur
nished 2453 men under the second call,
as that is far in excess of the number
required. It is not explained how the
number nf enlisted was announced yes
terday as being 624. and to-day con
ceded' to be little less than 1300.
Qalftornta is not the only State that
ha? been misrepresented by the Wash
ington authorities. Oregon has been
I in a false light before the coun
try, as the following telegram ex
plains:
PORTLAND. Or., July 20.—Regard
inc the statement from "Washington
that Oregon is behind in furnishing
her quota troops under the second
call. Adjutant General Tuttle of the
n National Guard to-day said:
■ The statement that Oregon is behind
in furnishing her quota of troops is
unjust and is not correct. The troops
•u-ere recruited and furnished promptly.
Th<-* delay has been in mustering in the
men, for which the State is not re
sponsible. Four hundred and nineteen
men in the second call have been mus
tered. The second battery has been
ready for examination and muster for
a lon> time awaiting the mustering of
ficer. Oregon will furnish another reg
iment in forty-eight hours if called
upon."
PALATIAL BERTHS
FOR ARMY MULES
More Care in Their Shipment to
Maniia Than Manifested
for Soldiers.
Fry two month? past, the quartermas
ter's department of the army has been
largely occupied fitting out transports for
the conveyance of soldiers to the Philip
pines. Just now the department is con
centrating its energies on the fitting out
of the ship Tacoma. which is to trans
port mules to the same destination.
Needless to say, the Tacoma is receiv
ing much more attention than any of the
others.
Those in charge of the preparations ac
count for this great solicitude for the wel
fare of the mules on the ground that it
Is an experiment and the Governemnt Is
determined to make it a success. So ■was
the transportation of thousands of soi
dlers 6000 miles across the Pacific an ex
periment, yet on some of the ships of the
first fleet that sailed from this port
notably the City of Peking— the men were
crowded on board like sheep in a stock
car. Bunks were built in tiers of threo
to six, without the slightest regard to
sanitary conditions, light or ventilation,
and were as many Chinamen in Sai»
Francisco found huddled together in a»
contracted quarters they would all bo
punished for violating the cubic air or
dinance.
But the soldiers were merely common
American citizens gathered from th«
fields, the forests, the workshops and the
offices, to defend the flag of their com
mon country. These mules are of aristo
cratic lineage, boasting of the bluest mule
blood of Maryland. Thousands of soldiers
can be obtained for $13 a month and som«
shoddy uniforms. The mules cost tho
Government $231 each, landed in San
Francisco. California mules could have
been obtained in plenty for a quarter or
that sum, but lacking the superior pedi
gree of the Baltimore breed they would
not answer the purpose of hauling com
missary trains through the Philippine
Jungles.
In view of all this, It is not surprising
that the Government (through the quar
termaster's department) should lavish a
substantial portion of the war tax in fit
ting up the Tacoma for the comfort of
these long-eared aristocrats. There will
be 150 of them, with 100 horses of th«
Fourth Cavalry that will take passage on
the Tacoma, and if they do not reacn
their destination in safety after as en
joyable a sea voyage as it is possible
for an equine to take, it will be due solely
to their natural perverseness and not to
the solicitude of an indulgent quartex
master's department.
Every mule and horse will have a sepa
rate con }P a rtment in the shape of a stall
padded fore and aft, amidships and aloft
and alow. Every inch of timber used in
the construction of those stalls Is care
fully dressed and covered with a thick,
poft padding, even the ceilings being pad
ded in case the ship gets to tumbling
about too roughly. The mangers are care
fully hollowed out and padded to prevent
the occupants of the stalls from coming
Into too forcible contact with any pro
jection, and each stall will be provided
with an electric light for the convenience
of mules that may be troubled with ln
somnia. Jor this purpose a fine electric
plant has been put into the ship (by the
(.overnmont), and the dynamo will also
be used to operate immense electric ven
tilating fans at both ends of the ship and
?v th .f upper and 'tween decks on which
the high-bred passengers will be located,
i ins will give them a constant current
of pure, fresh air, as there are no bulk
heads on either deck, and is an arrange
ment that would have brought blessings
upon the department from thousands of
sufTerinp: soldiers, had thoir transports
been similarly, equipped.
A passageway extending the full length
A he , Khi P on both sides, also well
padded, has been provided on both decks
ror the promenade of the mules and
horses, and there each day, attended by
Rr .°, oms in the livery of Uncle Sam, they
win be given such exercise as their con
stitutions demand.
In addition to all this, careful attention
has been paid to their sleeping arrange-
m f n , ts - a ma *ter that in the c.-fse of the
soldiers was dismissed with little consid
eration. Animals will rarely lie down on
board ship, and if they do they are apt
to be badly battered up by the motion
of the vessel. To obviate this difficulty
the stalls have been built so narrow that
it will be impossible for the animals to
get down, but to prevent them from be
coming fatigued, hammocks will be slung
in each stall for their convenience. These
hammocks are canvas affairs, passing
snugly under the body, the ends being se
curely fastened to the sides of the stalls.
The mules and horses will gradually
learn to rest themselves on these ham
mocks, thus relieving their legs of their
weight.
The Taeoma is supplied with - large
engine and th© Government has put in a
condenser capable of supplying 2000 gal
lons of water a day. So far as known the
stalls are not provided with hot and cold
cold baths.
Forward of the stalls are the quarters
for the twenty-four soldiers and sixteen
civilians, who will have charge of the an
imals. It is gratifying to note that here,
too, every provision has been made for
the comfort of the occupants, while the
cabin of the Taeoma is being newly up
holstered and refurnished throughout and
will be the most elegantly fitted up of
any sailing ship that ever passed
through the Golden Gate.
The Government chartered the Taeo
ma for something like $200 a day, begin-
MORE TROOPS FOR MANILA.
i Two Battalions of the First South Da
: kota and Others Will Embark on
! the Rio Janeiro To-Morrow.
The troops that are to sail in the steamer City of Rio Janeiro for Ma
nila will embark to-morrow and will -sail on Saturday. The steamer will
ca»ry 50 officers. 846 enlisted men and 10 civilians, making a total of 906.
Brigadier General Harrison Gray Otis goes in command of these troops.
The following order was issued from the headquarters of Major General
. Merriam last evening:
t HEADQUARTERS #EPAHTMKNT OF CALIFORNIA,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., July 20, 1893.
Special Orders, No. BS.
(Extract.)
I.— The following designated officers, enlisted men and civilians will proceed to
the Philippine Islands on the steamer City of Rio de Janeiro, and will be In readi
ness to embark on that steamer not later than 3 o'clock p. m. on the 22d lnst.:
Brigadier General H. G. Otis, United States Volunteers, and his staff, as fol-
° MaJor George F. Shlels. brigade surgeon. United States Volunteers; Captain
.Edward Murphy. A. A. G.. United States Volunteers: Captain A. ■■ W. Kimball.
Asst. Q. M.. United States Volunteers: Captain Seth M. Mllllken, commissary of
subsistence United Stated Volunteers: Fist Lieutenant L. P. . Sanders. First Mon
tana Volunteer Infantry, aid: Second Lieutenant A. W. Bradbury, Seventh Cali
fornia Volunteer Infantry, aid.
Four enlisted men pertaining to General Otis' headquarters.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Whlpple, Inspector general. United States Volun-
Captaln C. A.Devol. A. Q. M.. United States Army.
Captain C. A. Devol. A. Q. M.. United States Army.
Captain C. C. Walcutt. A. Q. M., United States Volunteers.
Captain Samuel W. Belford. A. A. 0., United States Volunteers.
Captain K. Russel. First Lieutenant F. H. Bailey, Second Lieutenant W. O. Bai
ley, Second Lieutenant C. H. Gordon, all of the Volunteer Signal Corps.
Fifty-three enlisted men of the Signal Corps detachment
Major R. C. Warne. surgeon, and Captain J. W. Cox, assistant surgeon, both of
the First South Dakota Volunteer Infantry.
Hospital Stewards Herbert J. Barker and Harry M. Fletcher. First South Dakota
Volunteer Infantry.
Privates Oscar H. Clark. John Allen, John A. Hants. Hoburg Nelson, William
F. Jeffrey. Oscar F. Llnd. John L. Primmtss, Edward Sutherland. Harry F. Thomp
son. Joseph Vermllyea, Bert H. Ward, John Woodward and Albert H. Danforth,
Hospital Corps.
Second Lieutenant Conrad S. TSabcoek, Seventh Artillery.
Two battalions of the First South Dakota Volunteer Infantry.
One hundred and four recruits for the Utah Light Artillery, attached.
W. M. Pinkston, chief clerk: W. H. Douthat. clerk: E. H. Cole, clerk; Taylor P.
Rundlet, clerk: T. H. Mead, engineer: P. Norton, teamster, all with Captain Devol.
A. M. Wells, clerk, with Captain Kimball.
Sergeant Fred ' Miller. Ordnance Department, and Fred R. Page, armorer, with
Lieutenant Colonel Whipple.
John Burton, civilian clerk, A. G. Department.
O. H. J. Schlott. steward. Red Cross Society.
By command of Major General Merriam:
JOHN B. BENNET,
First Lieutenant, Seventh Infantry, Aid.
Acting Assistant Adjutant General.
The Rio Janeiro has been fitted up better than any transport that has
preceded her. The officers' quarters have been made very comfortable and
are conveniently arranged for the transaction of business. Each officer will
have a stateroom. The quarters for the men are provided with every
convenience. The bunks are three deep, and two on a level, accommodat
ing six men in a tier. The bunks are all separate, and are of wire netting,
With shuck mattresses and pillows. Plenty of air is provided for.
The ship carries an immense refrigerator of boiler iron, filled with ice
water to be used by the men whenever they desire. By a system of pipes
shower baths have been provided. There is a hospital on the berth deck
and one on the hurricane deck. The vessel is lighted throughout by elec
tricity.
Ding from the signing of the contract.
Since then she has been undergoing a
thorough overhauling, while the quarters
for th» mules -ire being put In. the own
ers taking advantage of th» leniency of
th" Government to make repairs whil»
drawing a handsome per diem. The ship
is lying at Main-street wharf, where she
has' already taken on board SOO tons of
co.-U for ballast, and will begin loading
thousands of tons of hay and grain to-
day.
For those Baltimore songsters must be
well fed.
SEVENTH REGIMENT DRILL
Youth, Beauty and Valor Will
Assemble at the Pavilion
To- Night.
The drill of the Seventh California at
Mechanics' Pavilion this evening under
the auspices of the Native Daughters'
R*d Cross Aid is sure to be an attractive
and edifying entertainment. The Native
Daughters will present a beauty column
at the reception after the drill, which
ought to be reviewed. The ladles who
will wait on the boys are:
Miss Lizzie Douglass, Mlsb Mac B. Wllkin,
Miss Lilly O. RlchllnK. Hiss McAllister, Miss
Mamie McCarthy. Miss Carrie Creigh, Miss
Martin, Mlts Mary Creißh. Miss Mattie Farris.
Minis Birdie Mayer, Miss Aggie Boyd, Miss
Loulea Meyer, Miss J. Meyer, Mies Jennie
Stark Miss A. Hinok, Mrs. K. Harney, Mrs.
J. J. Grief. Mrs. J. D. Kalph. Miss liillla
Kline, Mm. G. Gunzendorfer. Mrs. A. Mocker,
Mrs. D. Danield?. Mrs. Ijena 13. Mills, Mrs.
Theodore Lunstedt, Mrs. J. A. Stelnbach, Mrs.
1, ("arlie, Mr?. C. A. Boldeman, Mrs. E. Thler
bach, Miss Menke, Mrs. Smith, Mr*. J. H.
Burrington, Mrs. T. Foley, Mrs. Charles Kapp,
Mrs H. M. Greene.
The ushers are: Bd M. Buckley, H. Lun-
Fti-.K, J- K. Hawkins, Andrew Mocker, Adolph
Eberhardt, Frank Hazell. .T. D. Earle, Joe
Greeneberg. S. N'unan, Henry Schroder, G.
Starxrenberger, Leonard Stone, Dr. George Van
Orden. H. D. Landing, Louis Barman. Guh
(riinzendorfer, Theodore Lunstedt, Thomas
Foley. Lew Mayer, Harry Mulorevey, Daniel
Ijanie'lds Ed Carlle, Louis Fowelson. John
Henering, F. /.■ McCarthy. H. F. Morton, Ed
Wobber, William Wobber.
The drill will begin promptly at 8
o'clock, so there may be time for refresh
ments and dancing after the programme
is finished. Doors will open at 7 o'clock,
and the band will play at 7:30
Tickets 25 cents to all parts of the Pa
vilion. The Native Sons band will play
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
the dance music, so as to assist the Sev
enth Regiment.
The programme is Intended to exem
plify the military work of a day in camp-
It begins with the arrival of the regi
ment in heavy marchini* order at the
place of encampment, whicn is supposed
to occur in the evening. Shelter tent?
are pitched and the work of the next day
is ushered in by the reveille, which is >.o.
3 on the programme.
1. Arrival In heavy marching order of the
Seventh California Infantry, United States
I Volunteers, Colonel John R. Berry, command
| 2. Pitching shelter tents— Company D, Cap
' tain H. T. Matthews, commanding.
3. Reveille— Regimental field music.
4. Physical exercise with arms— Company B,
Captain R. V. Podge, commanding.
5. Guard mounting— Details from Second Bat
talion, Major D. R. Weller, commanding. Offi
cers of the guard— '-aptaln H. D. Alfonso, regi
mental adjutant; Captain F. L. Reynolds, Com
pany F,,new officer of the day; Captain S. R.
I Lang-worthy, Company C, old officer of the
| day; First Lieutenant Truman Cole, Company
C. commander of guard: Second Lieutenant
Floyd Thayer, Company I. supernumary officer
of guard.
6. Drill— School of battalion— First Battalion.
Major F. C. Pr^seott. commanding First Lieu
tenant H. E. HUbey. battalion adjutant.
7. Bayonet exercisf^-Cnmpany F, Captain F.
L. Reynolds, commanding.
8. Extended order drill— Company H. Captain
A. W. Urowne, commanding.
9. Battalion parade— Third Battalion, Major
TV. O. "Welch, commanding; First Lieutenant
C. P. Fenner, Battalion adjutant.
10. Taps— Regimental field music.
The regiment will be reviewed by Gov
ernor Budd. Mayor Phelan and Brigadier
General Otis.
E. P. Vining will furnish to the regi
ment free transportation from Camp Mer
ritt to the Pavilion and return.
The ladies of San Francisco are request
ed to send to the Pavilion to-day contri
butions of home-made bread, cake, fruit
and flowers.
MERRIAM AND MILLER.
All Orders Are Now Captioned
as Coming From the Major
General.
Matters of Jurisdiction over Philippine
expedition and Camp Merrltt affairs that
were talked over at some length a few
days ago by Major General Merriam and
Brigadier General Miller, have been set
tled to the satisfaction of General Mer
rinm; General Miller's job seems to have
gone Into the hands of a receiver. All
orders now issuing from General Miller's
headquarters, whether they be connected
with the movement of troops or the de
tailing of an assistant adjutant general
are captioned "under Instruction from "
or "by direction of." the commander of
the Department of California.
General Miller has the honor of their
issue. General Merriam the honor of their
promulgation. I'nder the new metho-1 of
procedure the administration of exoe-li
tionary affairs has settled down to a
smooth running basis.
Apropos of General Miller and affairs
the general stated in an interview last
evening that he expected to get away
with the next expedition by August 2.
IN THE KANSAS CAMP.
Medical Board Ordered to Pass
Upon the Physical Qualifica-
tions of Colonel Lit'le.
T'pon representations from the proper
medical authority Brigadier General Mil
ler has ordered a medical board convened
to examine Into the physical condition
of Lieutenant Colonel E. C. Little, once
acting commander of the Twentieth Kan
sas Volunteers, to discover If he be not
physically disqualified for the duties of
his post. For five weeks past Lieutenant
Colonel Little has been compejled to sign
the payroll while lying in his bed at the
Waldeck Sanitorium.
It has come to he a well-circulated al
legation at Camp Merritt that the charge
of "physical disqualification" only serves
to cloak a regimental skeleton. The for
mal charge that has progressed through
the proper channels is as has been stat
ed, but accompanying it have gone let
ters, one of them, it is said, emanating
from Brigadier General King, declaring
Little to be a non-competent of the rank
est order. These letters are in no wise
to be used as evidence of physical inca
pacity. They are simply for the informa
tion and guidance of the proper authori
ties.
Lieutenant Colonel Little is evidently
resolved to combat the charge against
him. He has removed himself from the
Waldeck and has engaged apartments at
Lincoln Inn, overlooking the camp of the
Kansans. There, with the st,rong arm
and glad hand of his favorite lieutenant,
W. A. Deford, he is slapping the backs
of the men of the ranks, and a few days
will show to what effect. The few days
to come and their result are being spec
ulated upon with some anxiety by the
active officers of the regiment.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Presented With a Fine Stand of
Colors by the Citizens of
Oakland.
CAMP BARRETT, SATHER STA
TION, July 20.— The event of the day
here was the presentation of a stand of
colors by the citizens of Oakland to Colo
nel Henshaw's regiment at 4:30 this even
ing. There were several thousand spec
tators present to witness the scene. The
regiment was drawn up on three sides of
a square, facing the visitors. Adjutant
General A. "W Barrett, with Colonel F. S.
Chadburne, Colonel J. F. Burgin. Lieu
tenant Colonel A. Andrews, Lieutenant
Colonel J. S. Young, Lieutenant Colonel
W. D. Sanborn, Lieutenant Colonel
George H. Pippy, Lieutenant Colonel J.
D. Howell, of Governor James Budd's
staff, were the honored guests of the oc
casion. These, with the color guard and
committee presenting the colors, ad
vanced to the colonel, where the present
ation was made.
The heavy wind, the great distance of
the men of the command, and the small
ness of the audience all com
bined to make the speech-making a mat
ter of duty rather than one of pleasure.
As a consequence the remarks were much
shorter than would otherwise have been.
The speech of presentation was made
by R. M. Fitzgerald. Colonel Park Hen
shaw, on behalf "of the regiment, re
sponded.
The regimental colors had a beautiful
embroidered seal of the State in the cen
ter, while above was the single word,
"California." * Underneath the wording
was, "Eighth Regiment Infantry, Califor
nia, United States Volunteers." The beau
tiful national flag bore the Inscription,
"Eighth Regiment Infantry, California
United States Volunteers." Color Ser
geant Brown of Company E, Santa Rosa,
received the flag from Colonel Henshaw,
and Phil Atkinson, Company D, San
Rafael, received the regimental colors. At
the closeof the speeches they marched
back with their guard to their position
with Company I, Grass Valley. A. S.
Mucdonald carried the flag and P. E.
Bowles the colors out to where the exer
cises took place, nnd held them during the
presentation speech.
The whole regiment saluted the colors
by presenting arms, the bugle corps
sounded their salute and the band ren
dered "The Star-spangled Banner."
At the close of the presentation the reg
iment went through its lirst parade with
the field officers mounted. The evolutions
were well carried out and showed that
mf>n and officers are getting into fine
shape.
The movement of the camp across the
California railway, begun yesterday, has
not been completed, owing to the delay
in laying the water pipes. This was fin
ished to-night, and it Is expected that the
kitchens will be transferred to-morrow.
The officers' tents were moved Irom High
street this morning to the space next the
railroad track, so as to avoid the dust of
the camp.
The regimental band will give a concert
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock in front of
Colonel Henshaw's quarters. The band
is composed of fine musicians, and de
spite the short time they have been play
ing together make excellent music.
Leader Gomez has proved himself the
right man In the right place.
Regimental quartermaster. Lieutenant
Heller, is extremely busy, owing to the
arrival of several carloads of supplies.
There is estimated to be over $50,090 worth
of clothing, cooking utensils, shelter tents,
and field tools for the engineer corps. It
is expected that each day will now see
the arrival of supnlies of various kinds
until all of the requisitions are filled.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
More Bad Bacon — An Order
Readjusting Brigade Form-
ation at Camp Merritt.
Another lot of bad bacon has shown up
in the commissary of the First Nebraska
recruits, and a board of survey has been
called to Inspect it. The board is com
prised of Captain Gaston O'Brien of the
First Tennessee, and lieutenants John
F. Hall and Henry F. Schindler of the
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers. They will
meet this morning at 9:30 o'clock.
Two commissioned and six non-commis
sioned officers of the Twentieth Kansas
Volunteers have been detailed to drill the
Oregon recruits.
Colonel W. H. Chamberlain, formerly
president of the Dirigo Club of this city,
from which organization sprang the pres
ent Union League, has two sons in the
Seventh California Volunteers. One is
Preston Chamberlain in Company M,
from Riverside, and the other, Harry, in
Company C, from Pasadena,
The following order of General Miller
affects the rebrigading of Camp Merritt
forces remaining after the fourth ex
tlon shall have left:
Henriquart^rs Independent Division,
Eighth Army Corpe. Camp Mer
rltt.
PAN FRANCISCO. Cal., July 20, 189 S.
Special orders No. 10.,
3. The Seventh California Infantry, U.
S. Volunteers, Is assigned to the First
BrlKade, Independent Division, Eighth
Army Corp- 5
4. The Flfty-flrst lowa Infantry, U. S.
Volunteers, Is assigned to the Second
Brigade, Independent Division, Eighth
Army Corps.
By command of
BRIGADIER GENERAI, MIIXER.
CHAS. G. WOODWARD.
First Lieutenant Third Artillery, Acting
Adjutant General.
Captain Biggen, Seventh California, has
has been granted five days' leave of ab
sence in order that he may go to Los
Angfelcs to see a new recruit.
Quartermaster's Sergeant Wootham,
Company O, First Tennessee, who used a
hatchet upon the head of Private Neal
of that company, has been confined to
his quarters since the assault, and
charges have been preferred against him
for assault and behavior prejudicial to
good order. The case has not yet come
to court-martial.
Among other accepted resignations an
nounced yesterday from Washington is
that of Lieutenant Lafayette C. Smith,
formerly quartermaster of the Twentieth
Kansas.
First Lieutenant Charles G. Woodward,
Third Artillery, has been detached from
his command and assigned to duty as as
sistant adjutant general at General Mil
ler's headquarters, vice Captain S. W.
Belford, assigned to duty in the Philip
pines.
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA.
Preparations for the Regiment
to Embark for the Phil
ippines.
The orders directing the First South
Dakota Volunteers to put their camp
equipment aboard the Bteamer Rio
de Janeiro were issued yesterday
from General Miller's headquarters.
No orders for breaking camp have been
Issued by the proper authority although
on Tuesday nl ht Brigadier General Otis
directed Colonel Frost of the South Da
kotas to break at 8 o'clock on Friday
morning.
General Otis' order was exhaustive,
comprehending nearly every feature of
camp break from the morning bath to tea
on board the transport.
It Is not considered operative, as It was
issued independently from brigade head
quarters.
Following is the proper order, issued by
General Miller yesterday:
Headquarters Independent Division, Eighth
Army Corps, Camp Merritt.
SAX FRANCISCO, July 20, 1898.
Special Orders No. 10.
2— Pursuant to Instructions from the de
partment commander of the 20th Instant, all
the heavy baggage of organizations designated
to embark on the steamer Rio de Janeiro and
not needed In cimp Thursday, will be packed
for shipment and transported to the dock so
as to reach there not later than 12 o'clock
noon, Thursday.
Application for transportation will be made
to the division quartermaster. By command of
BRIGADIER GENERAL MILLER.
The Eighteenth Regular Volunteers
have been dropped from the list. The
troops remaining are 680 men and P>s offi
cers of the Second and Third Battalions
of the First South Dakota; 1 officer and
103 men of the Utah Light Artillery; 3
officers and 30 men of the Signal Corps,
and 2 officers and 10 men of the hospital
corps.
THE PRESIDIO CAMP.
Transfer To-Day of the Division
Hospital From Camp Mer-
ritt to the Reservation.
Pursuant to orders from General Mer
riam the transfer of the division hospital
from Camp Merritt to the Presidio will
be made to-day. The undertaking is one
presenting many difficulties, but Surgeon
Major Owen has taken every precaution
to be able to cope with them. He went
over to the Presidio yesterday morning I
and conferred with Lieutenant Colonel
Morris and Dr. Tompkins, with the re
sult that Colonel Morris assigned for hos
pital purposes the extreme northwestern
barracks. This building is a double brick
structure, and it will accommodate over
200 patients. A detail of forty men, un
der Lieutenant Surgeon Page, gave the
building a thorough sanitary overhauling
and cleansing, in order that it might be
In the proper condition for the reception
of tfie sick soldiers. There are 190 pa
tients now in the division hospital at
Camp Merritt, and to move these to the
Presidio will require a number of ambu
lances. These Major Owen has secured,
and to-day he will begin to transfer the
patients. It may take two days to move
all of the sick soldiers to the Presidio.
The accommodations for them at the post
will be vastly better than at Camp Mer
ritt. Major Owen does not anticipate any
bad results to any of the sick" soldier's by
reason of the moving.
The troops at Camp Merritt will be
moved to the Presidio in the next few
days. It has been definitely determined
that the regiments, as far. as possible,
will go into camp on the hills of the
reservation. One regiment will probably
be camped next to the First New York,
between their camp and that of the Alger
Light Battery.
Private Benson, Company E, First New
York, is in the post hospital, with what
threatens to be pneumonia. Private
Keese, Company B, First Washington, is
in the hospital with typhoid fever. Pri
vate Lewis, Company H, Sixth California,
is ill with a complication of measles and
pneumonia.
RELEASED FROM CUSTODY.
Two Boisterous Volunteers Re
stored to Liberty by the
Court.
Private William Stanley of the First
Montana Regiment, who attempted to
stab his lieutenant on the water front
Monday and was knocked down and had
his jaw broken, was released from cus
tody yesterday by Acting Police Judge
Barry. The regiment has gone to Ma
nila, and no one was left behind to pros
ecute him. lie expects that he will be
attached to one of the regiments now at
Camp Merritt.
Private William Wilson of Company B,
Thirteenth Minnesota, was also set at
liberty by Judge Mogan yesterday. He
was arrested for breaking into a saloon
at Point Lobos and First avenues early
last Sunday morning and stealing sev
eral bottles of whisky and cigars. Major
Diggles and other officers gave Wilson a
splendid character, and he testified him
solf that he w»ns so urunk that he did not
know what he had done. Fred .Flueger,
the saloon keeper, said he did not want
to press the charge, and the Judge dis
missed the case.
Wilson's father is a well known miller
in Minnesota, and he was never known to
be in trouble before. His sister was in
court, and after the case was dismissed
he threw his arms around her neck and
kissed her.
Private J. W. Monroe, who is stationed
at Fort Baker, swore to a complaint in
J udgo Mogan's court yesterday for the |
arrest of "John Doe" on a charge of em- |
bezzlement. The boys at Fort Baker were i
in the habit of intrusting their spare cash j
to the cook, and he had $24 belonging to j
Monroe. July 11 Monroe asked him for |
the money, but he made some excuse and
disappeared from the fort. Monroe does
not know his name, but he has now as
certained where he can be found.
FIRST NEW YORK.
No Time to Be Lost in Getting
the Regiment Away to
Honolulu.
It now appears from the latest develop
ments that the sojourn of the First New-
York In San Francisco will be a short
one. General Merrlam intends to get the
regiment to Honolulu as fast as possi
ble, and with this end in view the New
York boys will be sent over the sea in
different detachments just as soon as the
transports can be secured. It is rumored
that several small vessels have been
chartered for this purpose, and as rapid
ly as they can be put in shape the regi
ment will be sent to Honolulu for garri
son duty. Colonel Barber will accom
pany the first expedition, nnd if there are
more than two. Lieutenant Colonel Stac
pole will remain until the last one is
dispatched. It is possible that the tlrst
detachment of the regiment may go in
side of ton days, and that the entire com
mand will have departed by the middle
of next month. Mnjor Davis has sut>
mitted a plan for the post hospital to ba
erected at HonoJulu, and it has been ap
proved by General Merriam. It will be
a one-story building with several wings.
Colonel Barber is still con-fined to his
room at the University Club, but he hopes
to be able to assume command of the
regiment in a few days.
LONGEST TOW KNOWN,
Tug Fearless, Now the Iroquois,
Will Haul the Tacoma From
San Francisco to Manila.
The Iroquois, formerly the tug Fear
less and now owned by the Government,
is about to make the longest tow ever
undertaken. She is to haul the ship Ta
coma from San Francisco to Manila by
the way of Honolulu, a distance of about
6GOO miles. The Tacoma is to carry 100
horses and 120 mules and a coal supply
for the Iroquois. Lieutenant George M.
Cameron of the Fourth Cavalry Regi
ment is in command of the Tacoma, and
is superintending the fitting up of the
vessel for the reception of the animals.
He has a veterinary surgeon and a de
tail of twenty men to care for the live
stock.
The Iroquois will steam to Honolulu, a
distance of 2100 miles, on her own coal.
At Honolulu she will rocoal from the
bunkers at that port and then proceed
to the Ladrones and there, getting Into
smooth water, will take on sufficient coal
from the Tacoma to carry her through
to Manila.
The Iroquois Is a swift boat as well as
one of the largest and most powerful
tugs ever built. She will undoubtedly
make good time, as the Tacoma is an
easygoing ship. The Iroquois is well
equipped In every respect for the long
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
B+B+B+E+n+n-ra+H+fl+H+B+B+H+H+B+ffi+E+n+H+B+S+H+l
1 1 A SPECIAL |A i
| ' _== § !
+ In connection with our GREAT FIRE SALE >
+ of the SIMINOFF Cloak Factory stock we ■
+ select representative lines from a number of ■
+ departments and offer them at HEAVY CUTS ■
+ IN PRICES •
£ TO=DAY UNTIL COMPLETELY SOLD OUT! j
I LADIES' KID GLOVES! !
I _ -I
+ CA f LADIES 2-CLASP GENUINE ARABIAN SUEDE GLOVES in ;
B KjKfK ' colors and black (odd sizes); former price $1; will be closed out at '
+ 50c a pair. '
1 TOWELING. TOWELING. j
+ . ■ . M\
2 71 c 100 pieces GLASS TOWELING, 18 inches wide; worth lie; on .
j ■2^ sale at 7%c a yard. T- ; -' I
I LADIES' MERINO UNDERWEAR. I
■ ■ !
+ *\CLc 60 dozen LADIES' WHITE MERINO VESTS; high neck and ]
9 v -* v -'^' long sleeves, and high neck and half-sleeves; also drawers to ;
+ match; medim weight, full finished; usual price 75c each, will be !
B on sale at 35c. J
? SILK DRESS SKIRTS. j
B
1 $3 7^ LADIES' BLACK MOIRE SILK DRESS SKlRTS. bayadere I
2 •?•-'•# *J stripes, double lined and bound with velvet; worth $C 50; sale '
gj price $3 75 each. I
■ LADIES' WAISTS. |
5 I
+ 7^r LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, in J
D ■ plain and checked material; regular price $1 25; will be placed ,
+ on sale at 75c. ,
s : I
+ Si^ Art LADIES' HANDSOME SILK TAFFETA WAISTS, tight )
g vJJvJ.W lining, front finished with knife plaiting; regular price $8; '
+ will be placed on sale at $5. \
| . BOYS' FURNISHINGS. ;
5 "3K f 42 dozen BOYS' PERCALE FAUNTLEROT BLOUSES: "the ■
"*: ■JsJv, k & E make;" extra value for 50c; will be closed out at 35c each. 1
M <■-"-■ -'■• ■■".',
m Cf| r The balance of our BOYS' FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, including ]
■ Jl/t lawn, combination sateens, etc., etc.; sold at 75c and $1; will be '
2 closed out at 50c each. . ;* v j
U <C 1 7% One lot of BOYS' NAVY CHAMBRAY SAILOR SUITS, very i
■ §\.Li} handsomely braided; regularly sold at $2; will be closed out at <
3 $1 25 suit. j
M €1 sfl One lot of BOYS' IMPORTED LINEN HOLLAND SAILOR j
■J $1.3U SUITS; regularly sold at $2 50; will be closed out at 51 50 each. ,
B —
\\FiW Market Jones and McAllister Sts., /
■{• \r Kir San Francisco. f
fl+B+B+n+B+B+Bvß+B-fH+a-i'B+d4-i«-(-Sa-i-B+B+B+B+B+H+fl<f
tow and for defensive action, if neces
sary, as she carries a good battery.
Stabbed by a Soldier.
E. Brianeon, a saloonkeeper at 3 Mary
lane, called at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday afternoon and had a deep cut
under his left eye stitched and dressed by
Dr. Bunnell. He said that two soldiers
were fighting in his saloon, and when h»
went to separate them one of them stab
bed him with a knife. He did not know
to which regiment they belonged. After
the stabbing they ran out of the saloon.
War Incidents.
The United States Volunteer officers in
San Francisco will be given a reception by
the Loyal Legion next Saturday after
noon from 2 to 4 o'clock at the Officers'
Club at the Presidio.
Yesterday afternoon Governor Budd
presented to the officers of the Eighth
California Regiment their commissions,
handsomely printed anil filled out on the
most durable parchment.
a' charity concert.
Entertainment for the Benefit of the
Men's Home.
A concert for the benefit of that de
serving charity, the Mt?n's Home, will
take place at Sherman & Clay's Hall this
evening, and the indications are that the
affair will be a financial as well as a. so
cial success.
The following is the programme for the
evening:
Sonata for piano ar.d violin (Beethoven). V.
A. H. Hoffmeyer and Emil Block; cavatina
from "Cinq Mars" (Gounod). Mme. B. Anais
Perk; t»nnr solo. "The Distant Shore" (Sulli
van), David Manllnycl; banjo and piano, "Nar
cprfus" (Nevln), arranged and performed by
H. C. Hastings and Joseph B. Carey: alto solo,
"Could I" (I^osti), Edith Scott Basford; pißno
solo, "Second Polonaise" (Usst), Mrs. Noah
Brandt; soprano solo, from "II Guarany (Go
mes), Mrs. Lollta Rodriguez Barry; violin
solo, "Fantasie Ballet" (De Beriot), Emil
Block; bass solo, "Clanß of the Forgre (Rod
r.oy). Processor S. J. Sandy; barytone solo,
from "Don Pasquale" (Doftizettl), Professor
Bradford Peck; duet. "Jjovc and War" (Cooke),
David Manlloyd and S. J. Sandy.
Big roen are scarce. They are noticeable by their firm
walK: by the absence of puniness; by strong llrnbs, and by
the clear way in which they car) loo^ you in the eye. If your
i Knees are weaK; if your strength has been overtaxed, or If]
you have abused nature in any way, csK for some truth!
about "hudyan." The weaK and the weqry K n<2CS will give
way to strong roanhood. "Hudyan" has made many morei
thousands of meo stroog thao have gone to the Philippines
aod Cuba combined, find it will maKe you strong. AsK for
free testimooy about it. A postal card even will bring cir-
culars to you. Absolutely no cent of expense. Nor will you
be charged In any way for roedical advice if you are ill ioany
other way. It Is a pleasure to help you. Why not be helped?
! HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts- Saa Ftaadsco.
JOHN J. SULLIVAN'S CASE.
His Suit Against Auditor Iroderick
for His Salary Submitted.
The action of John J. Sullivan against
Auditor William Broderick for six
months' salary due him as assistant ex
pert of the Board of Supervisors was
submitted yesterday. In August of 1895
Sullivan was appointed "bond clerk" by
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors, but Judge Sanderson held
that the Supervisors had no authority to
create an office. Sullivan then continued
his duties under the name of "assistant
expert." but when he presented his sal
ary warrants the Auditor refused to
audit thorn. Sullivan then brought suit
for six months' salary at $100 a month.
Sullivan was on the stand yesterday and
testified as to the regularity of his ap
pointment. Clerk Russell followed him
and gave it as his opinion that Sullivan's
services were needed, and that the Board
was empowered to employ such help as
v.as necessary to properly carry out the
duties of the office. The case was then
submitted and a decision will be handed
down in a few days.
SONG BIRD TO WED.
Ricardo J. Jose and Miss- Schriere to
Be Married.
Ricardo Juan Jose, the famous and
gifted tenor, and Miss Esther Therese
Schriere are to be married. A license au
thorizing the happy union was issued yes
terday. The engagement of the happy
couple was exclusively announced in the
issue of The Call of April 7. At that time
both of the contracting parties denied the
fact of their mutual affection, but what
The Call said was true, as witness the
fart of the approaching wedding.
The bride to be is the daughter of Mrs.
General Oliver Roberts, granddaughter
of the late George luffley. at one time
Treasurer of Nevada, and niece of Mrs.
Therrsa F. Parrott.
The favored man enjoys an enviable
reputation throughout Europe as well as
America, where he has made many
friends and gained countless admirers
with his fine voice.
56
THURSDAY JULY 21, 1898
JOHN D, SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. P.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMfi ...217 to 2521 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
TOE WAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year, per montfc
65 cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ©08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington <d. o office Ri*a« nonm
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KKOGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clooß- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
.•clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
Columbia— "Liberty Hall "
Alcazar — -Faust
If oroaoo*a— "Captain Impudence
Tivoli-"The Bells of Cornevi;l« '
Orpheum Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zuo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the filS-pound Man.
Olyn.pla— Corner and tkldy btreets. specialties.
fcutro's Baths— Swimming.
tl I ampo— Music, rj.inolr.g. boating, ashing, every Sun Uv
>-. Li(_TlON SAL.— 3.
By Frnnk W. Butterfield This day. July 21. library, at corner
Market a:ui streets, ai S o cock p. m.
LET ThjE TRUTH BE KNOWN.
NECESSITY for investigation of the manage
of Agnews Asylum becomes more apparent
Not only have scandalous acts been broadly
charged, but there seems to be a tendency on the
part of the board to override the law. That the mem
bers do not desire investigation is an excellent rea
son why there should be one without delay, sparing
none who may be guilty, and clearing all who may
have been unjustly accused. The latter will be glad
to have the truth known. The wishes of the former
are not to be considered.
Frank H. Gould, by his official conduct, has won
the title "Czar of Agnews." The law does not ap
pear to have made provision for such a personage,
and the law carries weight. Mr. Gould does not seem
to have realized this until recently, but he does now,
and the thought gives him pain. He has no right to
retain as employes people of improper character, nor
to expel those who do not conform to his personal
opinions. There is more to be looked into than the
sensational allegations according to which the asy
lum reeks with immorality; the superintendent is
unfit, and some of the attaches wantonly gross in
their conduct, yet protected by superiors.
The State Board of Lunacy formulates rules under
which asylums are supposed to be governed. Ap
parently the plan at Agnews has been to set aside
these rules whenever they interfered with the ambi
tion of a favorite to secure a position. An investiga
tion will afford opportunity for explanations. By
all means let the trustees have the "sweeping inquiry"
they profess to desire, and if it sweep the institution
clean so much the better.
ODVICE FOR POPULISTS.
THE Populists who at Sacramento the other day
nominated Judge Maguire for Governor are not
likely to derive much comfort from the pro
ceedings on Tuesday evening of the local Demo
cratic Committee of One Hundred. This committee
was appointed by "Whispering" McNab, Frank
Hood Gould and "Hallucination" Alford of the State
committee to take charge of the Democracy of this
city, and its members mostly hail from Republican
districts. Yet it is a fairly representative Democratic
body. The test of a committee's democracy in this
region is the number of its members who want office.
An overwhelming majority of the Committee of One
Hundred want an office.
At its meeting on Tuesday evening the committee
adopted a resolution indorsing Maguire for Gov
ernor. This action was opposed by a Democrat
named McKinne, who thought it would injure the
Jtidge'3 prospects, complicating him, we infer, with
his friends the Populists. In short, McKinne made
it plain that his theory of Maguire's campaign is the
true Democratic theory, namely, addition, division
and silence. In McKinne's judgment it will be fatal
to let the Populists know that the Democracy is
unanimous for Maguire, as in such a contingency
they may suspect that in the event of his election he
will put, as the gentleman tersely expressed it, "none
but Democrats on guard."
However, the Committee of One Hundred differed
from McKinne entirely. The resolution was adopted
with only one dissenting vote (McKinne's), and thus,
so far as the Democracy of San Francisco is repre
sented by the committee, it is pledged to the little
Populist "giant" for Governor.
It is quite probable that any advice we may tender
the Populists at this juncture will be spurned. The
leaders of the bewhiskered party do not take kindly
to advice under any circumstances, and good advice
they always disregard. But if they will listen a mo
ment they will hear of something to their advantage.
Common prudence should teach them that the great
necessity of the present moment is an understanding
with Maguire as to what he will do about patronage
if elected Governor. It ought to be apparent to the
Populists that the Democratic rank and file, through
out the State are declaring themselves in on Maguire
without reference to their rights. If Maguire is suc
cessful the«e Democrats will certainly capture him.
This is evidently the Democratic plan of campaign.
What the offite-seeking members of the hirsute party
should now do is to demand a pledge from Maguire
or take him off their ticket. Otherwise, in the event
of his election, they will not get an office.
With the childlike faith which has characterized
them from the first, the Spanish are said to believe
that the United States has purchased Cuba, and that
their exit from the island is not in token of defeat.
Rut this faith will be wrecked some time, and the re
sulting row will be heard to a great distance.
So many cases of wife-beating are being heard of
lately as to cause a vague yearning for the introduc
tion of the reformatory whipping post.
Cubans seem to be out for blood, but would pre
fer that Americans and Cubans do the shedding of it.
AFFAIRS IN THE PHILIPPINES.
ACCORDING to dispatches from Washington
the officials of the administration are much
more worried over possible trouble with the
native insurgents in the Philippines than with the
Germans. This throws a strong side light upon the
situation at Manila and helps to a better understand
ing of the meaning of the recent action of the Ger
man warships there.
When a short time ago the news was received that
the German gunboat Irene had interfered to prevent
an attack of the insurgents on an island in Subic Bay,
and had immediately retired upon the appearance of
an American war vessel, the story was at once seized
upon by many people as a proof that Germany was
hostile to the United States, but did not dare to face
our fleet. The sensational jingo press that seems de
sirous of fighting the Germans as well as the Span
iards made the country ring with indignant com
ments, and the whole incident was misrepresented
and distorted from beginning to end.
The commander of the Irene made an explanation
to Admiral Dewey at the time, stating that his inter
ference against the insurgents had been 6olely in the
interests of humanity. He had acted simply to pre
vent an island on which hundreds of Europeans, men
and women, had taken refuge from being cap
tured, looted and plundered by men who are little bet
ter than savages. As soon as an American war ves
sel arrived to accept the surrender of the island and
protect the property and lives of the refugees the Ger
mans gladly stood aside.
In this action, as explained by the Germans, there
was nothing for us to complain of. The fact that
our own officials are now fearing an outbreak of the
insurgent natives is itself a proof that the commander
of the Irene acted with discretion as well as with
humanity in staying the attack at Subic Bay until
our own ships came up. We do not need the aid of
savages to defeat the Spaniards, and we certainly do
not wish them to take advantage of the success of our
arms at Manila to carry the torch and the sword
among the homes of European residents.
With the arrival of reinforcements for Dewey
there will be no longer any cause for anxiety among
Europeans in the Philippines, nor will the German
or any other foreign warships at Manila have excuse
for interfering in any way whatever. Our own force
there will then be sufficient to compel the surrender
of all Spanish garrisons and to maintain peace and
order in all places where European residents live.
That will put an end to all possibility of complica
tions with Germany, and, accordingly, at Washing
ton, no further fear is felt on that score.
The insurgents of the interior, however, remain to
be dealt with. Our experience in Cuba has not given
us any exalted idea of the general character of the
insurgents there who claim us as allies, and the Cu
bans are far superior to the mongrel races of the
Philippines. Reports from all sources show that a
good deal of friction has arisen already between Gen
eral Shafter and the Cuban leaders clamoring for con
trol of Santiago. Something of the same nature, but
to a greater extent and of a worse degree is very
sure to occur at Manila when we capture the city
and ba'k the insurgents of their expected booty. In
that direction lies our possible trouble, and not with
anything the Germans have done or are likely to do.
JUGGLING WITH PROMOTIONS.
WE have repeatedly of late directed attention to
the defects of the present system of promotion
in the navy, and have pointed out the injus
tice of moving a man up to a higher place on the
rank list when that implies not so much a promotion
for him as a reduction of some other officer. The
Baltimore Sun now notes a specific case which shows
the injustice in a striking light It says: "Under
existing law there seems to be no way by which a
naval officer can be rewarded for exceptionally bril
liant service except at the expense of some other
officer equally deserving. A monstrous instance of
this recently occurred. Captain CJark of the battle
ship Oregon brought his ship, which was designed
for no such service, about 14,000 miles, and at the end
of that long journey she was ready to go into action.
After performing this great feat Captain Clark found
himself lower in rank than when he started on his voy
age. This had occurred by reason of the promotions
of the captains at Manila."
Upon a case of that kind no comment is necessary.
The fact itself carries the moral irresistibility with it.
It should be noted, however, that since the Balti
more Sun reviewed the case Captain Clark and the
Oregon have accomplished other feats of renown in
naval warfare. All reports of the sea fight off San
tiago agree that to him and his battle-ship the chief
glory of the conflict is due. Stationed at the eastern
side of the harbor, the Oregon was out of the way
when Cervera made his rush for escape to the west
ward. Nevertheless by her extraordinary sailing
power she passed the lowa and engaged three Span
ish ships, the Teresa, the Oquendo and the Vizcaya,
in turn, and mainly by her guns they were driven,
battered and burning, to the shore. Captain Clark,
however, is still lower in rank in the navy than he
was when he started from San Francisco.
The New York Times argues that Captain Clark's
rank will be made up to him when the promotions
are passed around for the Santiago fight. That much
may be readily admitted, but where will he stand
then? If by the promotion he gets he is simply given
his former relative rank he will not have been advanced
at all. Moreover, the Manila heroes, after having been
put above him, will then be once more placed be
low him, and they also will have no promotion.
It will be seen that the present system is simply a
process of shuffling. One shuffle after the victory
at Manila puts Captain Clark down, and another
shuffle soon to take place will put the Manila men
down. The thing is more like a comic opera than
the acts of a great nation. There is but one ra
tional method of dealing with the problem. The
system of promotions in the navy should be entirely
reorganized. The ranks of admiral and vice-admiral
should be restored so that there may be absolute pro
motion for the higher officers, and the navy persohnel
bill should be enacted so that members of the staff
and enlisted men may also have a chance to rise.
These things should be required of Congress this
winter. They have been postponed too long already.
Of course the war is somewhat depressing to Sec
retary Alger, but his gloom has doubtless been ac
centuated by the necessity for signing his name to a
paper awarding the contract for beginning work at
San Pedro.
Camara's best ship is reported to have been dam
aged, but it hasn't a thing the matter with it compared
with what it will acquire a few seconds after meeting
Watson.
Persistency wins. Zola's determined effort to
break into jail has been successful
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
f\A ATTERS for congratulation among the peo
/ \ pie of San Francisco and the San Joaquin,
and indeed throughout California, are to be
found in the report of the affairs of the Valley Road,
made at the annual meeting on Tuesday. It is a re
port of steady progress in the past and a programme
of future progress, and therefore carries with it that
kind of encouragement which rests upon the sure
basis of work performed.
It is now two years' since the Valley Road began
operating, and the financial report shows for the year
just closed a large increase of profits over those of
the preceding one. Notwithstanding the heavy ex
penditures entailed by the extensive construction
work carried on during the year, there is
still, according to the report, a sufficient amount
of money on hand to push forward the build
ing of the road from Stockton to Point Rich
mond and to carry on various other contemplated im
provements.
The construction of the road southward has been
continuous from the start. In September last year
the line was opened for operation to Visalia, and in
January following it had reached Bakersfield. Work
is now in progress on the line frorr Hanford to
Bakersfield, and nearly all the buildings required for
the business of the road along that part of the route
are completed.
The most important work before the directors of
the road at present is the completion of the line from
Stockton to Point Richmond and the opening of di-
rect communication with San Francisco. Of this
work it is reported that the heavier portions have
been completed. Satisfactory progress has been
made at both ends of the Franklin tunnel and con
tracts let for road work six miles at each end, so
that the line will be practically ready for operation
as soon as the tunnel is completed.
So near is the opening of the line that the con
struction of two steel ferry-boats is under considera
tion and the work on them is expected to begin in the
near future. When these are completed San Fran
cisco will have that direct competitive communication
with the rich and growing country of the San Joa
quin for which her merchants and her manufacturers
have so long waited while bearing as best they could
the grinding exactions of the Southern Pacific mo
nopoly.
While the reports for the year show the brightening
prospects of the road itself, it should not be over
looked that the greater benefits resulting from the
construction are not to be found in the report.
These benefits are not in the profits derived by the
stockholders, but in those that have accrued to the
people of the San Joaquin and of San Francisco.
They are manifest in the reduction of freight rates,
not only by the Valley Road, but by its rival, the
old-time monopoly. By these reductions a vast sav
ing has been made to all producers and shippers in
the valley. Every city, town and village along the
line has felt the pood effects of the saving thus made,
and the whole country and all its people are more
prosperous than they were.
DR. COGSWELL'S FOUNTAINS.
IN a communication published Monday Mr. J. H.
Culver asks us a pointed question. He desires to
ascertain our reasons for thinking that it was
proper to remove the Cogswell fountain at the junc
tion of California and Market streets, we having re
marked to that effect a few weeks ago.
We do not know exactly how to answer Mr. Cul
ver's interrogatory. He must be aware of the fact
that the fountain had ceased to be useful, having in
curred the resentment of the people of its immediate
neighborhood, and it is quite probable that the weal
of the city demanded its removal. It was manifestly
vain to maintain a fountain at which nobody would
drink and the sight of which angered small boys
armed with cobbles. Our opinion was that the Cogs
well fountain at the foot of California street, having
fallen into innocuous desuetude, like all worn out
things, was properly removed.
But on the main proposition we agree heartily with
Mr. Culver. The treatment accorded to Dr. Cogs
well's gifts in this city has been outrageous. Making
due allowance for all the doctor's eccentricities, the
spirit of his philanthropy was high and noble. He
gave the city an endowed technical school and at
tempted to beautify its streets with fountains. The
people accepted the school and stoned and demol
ished his fountains. In a less barbarous community
than this the act of the crowd who lassoed the foun
tain at the foot of California street and pulled it
down would have encountered severe punishment.
Here it is regarded as a rare piece of humor.
When Dr. Cogswell, angry at the ingratitude of our
people, attempted to recover possession of the Poly
technic School property we heartily sympathized
with him. He was justified in thinking that a com
munity which would treat philanthropy as his phil
anthropy had been treated would, immediately upon
death, sell his school property and go on a pic
nic with the money. Certainly Dr. Cogswell had no
reason to believe that anybody was grateful for his
gift. Several thousand dollars' worth of fountain ma
terial presented to the city by him has been allowed
to go to ruin at the City Hall; yet somebody pro
poses to put a figure of Admiral Dewey at the foot
of California street. How do we know that our hu
morous youngsters will not lassoo the old seadog and
pull him down? We are expecting daily to hear that
somebody who does not like Mayor Phelan has as
saulted his fountain at the juncture of Market and
Mason streets.
On one great historic occasion this spirit of in
gratitude and envy inflicted almost irreparable dam
age upon the State. About 1883 the late Senator
Stanford contemplated giving his millions to the
University of California. With a view to encouraging
his design Governor Perkins appointed him a regent.
But the legislative session of 1883 was stuffed with
pin-headed statesmen who regarded the railroad with
hungry eyes and its president's money with desperate
yearning. Stanford's name came before the Senate
for confirmation. The pin-heads arose on their hind
legs and flapped their ears. To prevent rejection
Governor Perkins withdrew the name. Soon after the
magnate established the Stanford University.
Those who think the mean spirit of envy which has
characterized the treatment accorded to Dr. Cogs
well's fountains in this city inflicts no damage upon
the country should reflect for a moment on the
glories of the State University with Stanford's mil
lions behind it. It is our opinion that future his
torians will hold the pin-headed Senators of ia^3 re
sponsible for the diversion of this money. If some one
does not sinele them out and erect them as Macauley
erected Barere, upon a pinnacle of infamy so high
that nobody will ever be able to lassoo and pull them
down, we are laboring under a mistake.
However, we are still of opinion that Dr. Cops
well's fountain was prooerly removed. Mr. Culver
makes an argument which may well shame us, but
we think the fountain should have been removed, if
for no other reason than to obliterate a conspicuous
evidence of municipal meanness
THE VALLEY ROflD.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Judge D. R. Prince of Fresno is a guest
at tne Grand.
J. L. Burham, an attorney of Red Bluff,
is at the Grand.
E. C. Sawyer and wife of Hollister are
staying at the.Russ.
William Curtis and wife of Nogales are
stopping at the Russ.
Dr. Ferguson and wife of Bakersfield
are stopping at the Palace.
J. J. KemWe, a merchant of Red Bluff,
is registered at the Palace.
F. A. Hihn, a capitalist of Santa Cruz,
is staying at the Occidental.
E. T. E. Chase and wife of San Diego
are staying at tn~ Occidental.
B. U. Steinman, ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, is stopping at the Palace.
C. A. Storke, an attorney of Santa Bar
bara, is registered at the Grand.
State Senator W. F. Prisk of Grass Val
ley is stopping at the Occidental.
E. M. Matthews, a prominent business
man of Gilroy, is staying at the Russ.
S. D. Marjoribanks and Newman Smith'
of London are stopping at the Palace.
Colonel Kowal
sky of lethargic
tendencies will
never sleep with
that becoming
ease and repose
which character
ized his wakeful
COLONEL
KOWALSKY
TOOK A NAP.
moments In the days of yore. He now
holds one eye open when in his naps and
this method of obtaining the "balm to
hurt minds" is changing the angelic dis
position of the colonel to one packed with
moroseness and peevish impatience. One
of Howard Taylor's supposedly humorous
but certainly risque stories was the mov
ing cause. The colonel has been spending
a few days at Mill Valley to get away
from the winds, fogs and dust of this
glorious climate, the discovery of which
is credited to Francis Drake of historic
fame. The colonel found none of these
undesirable elements of weather in Mill
Valley, but something else found him.
Just as Howard Taylor reached the point
of his story Colonel Kowalsky dozed, and
with that dozing came his undoing. Jer
sey claims the palm for mosquitoes, but
it !s parading under false presumptions
as the colonel will attest. The Mill Val
ley product is a sword-flourishing affair,
and it raises lumps faster than anything
on this earth. Taylor's story would have
enshrouded the colonel in oblivious slum
bers earlier in the game had it not been
for the swarm of mosquitoes that had
been hovering over his head and which
he kept at a distance by much acrobatic
effort.
The colonel's propensity for Bleep
caught him In the act of crunching a
mosquito on his neck. The snoring that
followed told the insects of the feast
prospective. For some ten minutes Mr.
Morpheus sat upon the pent-up lids of
Mr. Kowalsky and the mosquitoes took
aggressive possession of all exposed parts
of his body. When the victim awoke he
had lost his identity. His face was lumpy
and his nose was twice its normal size.
Of course, several sweet things were said
by Colonel Kowalsky, but what did the
mosquitoes care? Quick, hurried orders
were given at once for the packing of the
colonel's baggage. It was noticed
when returning to the city that the colo
nel held one eye open, and he was asked
what was the reason thereof. He re
plied: "Never again will I sleep wlthTboth
my eyes. I have been reckless to my un
doing all my life, and now I shall be cau
tious. I need a lotion."
G. J. Hamilton, a prominent capitalist
and land owner of Hollister. Is staying at
tne Russ.
H. A. Jastro of Bakersfleld, chairman of
the Board of Supervisors of that place, is
stopping at the Grand.
M. Blackstock and wife of Ventura,
where Mr. Blackstock has large business
interests, are registered at the Grand.
J. J. Gotlobb of the Columbia Theater
management has returned from the East,
after an absence of several weeks. He
has booked attractions for the Califor
nia, Columbia and Baldwin theaters for
the coming season, and is said to have
many fine attractions to present.
L. T. Moore, a retired merchant of Kan
sas City, Mo., and family are camping
near Oakland. They have just returned
from the Yosemite, where they spent an
outdoor life for three weeks. Mr. Moore's
camping paraphernalia comprises three
teams and a great quantity of luggage.
Three servants were brought with him
from Missouri, and they are in attendance
during the trip.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 20.-J. A. Scott of
San Francisco is at the Raleigh; Mrs.
and the Misses Hilborn, wife and daugh
ters of Representative Hilborn, arrived
in Washington to-day from the Maine
coast; Representative Maguire and family
will leave for San Francisco on Monday.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 20.— Carroll Johnson
of San Francisco is at the Sturtevant.
W. H. Holabird of Los Angeles is at the
Manhattan. R. D. Davis of Sacramento
is at the Imperial.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Lord Beresford recently called the at
tention of Parliament to the insufficient
pensions paid to men in the navy by
which a continuous service man only re- I
ceived 29 cents a day pension after thirty
two years' service, and he advocated a
small increase as asked for by the pen
sioners. In the course of his remarks
upon this subject he referred to the fact
that the "Chatham Chest," established in
1590. had been despoiled in 1814 and $25 -
000,000 to $35,000,000 had mysteriously dis
appeared and had not been made good.
The "Chatham Chest"' fund was coml
posed partly of 5 per cent of the prize
money paid voluntarily by officers and
men and partly of the accumulations of
12 cents per month of wages for 200 years,
the fund being intended to give pensions I
for wounds and other injuries received in !
the service. The sum total for this pur- |
pose was now only $6,750.000, the interest
on which gave but an insignificant sum
toward the object intended.
The battleship Koenig Wilhelm, of 11,000
tons, building at the Germania Works, ;
Kiel, for the German navy, is to be com- i
pleted and ready for trial in thirty-four j
months. The estimated cost is $3,360,560,
exclusive of armament and torpedo out
fit. The ship will have triple screws, en
gines of 13,000 horsepower and a speed of
IS knots.
Austria Is recognizing the value of
economy in coal and has built a cruiser,
called the Zenta, of 2326 tons, to have a j
maximum speed of 20 knots. She has two
maatl with auxiliary sail power spread
ing 6300 square feet of canvas or only
about one-half the sail area required for
full sail power. It is sufficient, however,
for use when the state of weather war
ranta substitution of sail for steam and
thus saves much coal.
Germany is getting the lion's share of
shipbuilding for the new navy of China.
No orders are on hand at Elswick since
the Hal-Chi and Hai-Tien, cruisers of ,
4300 tons and 24 knots speed, were de- j
llvered. The ' Hal-Shen. Hai-Shew and
Hal-Yung, cruisers of 2950 tons and 19.5 i
knots, have been completed at Vulcan
Works, Stettin, and it is rumored that
more orders to that firm will follow as
soon as the Chinese finances are In a con
dition to warrant additional increase of
the navy. Pour torpedo-boat destroyers
named Hal-Lung, Hai-Nju, Hai-Chlng
and Hai-Hoha have likewise been com
pleted at Schichau, Elbing. and are said
to be vastly superior to the best built for
the British navy. They are 193.6 feet in
length, 300 tons displacement and with
twin screw engines of 6500 horsepower
and will develop a speed of 32 knots.
There is not a boat built yet for any
other navy that has come up to that
speed, although it is estimated to be
reached in the Albatross and Gypsy of
360 tons and 300 tons each, with horse
powers of 7500 and 7700. These boats are
building at Chiswick and Gowan for the
British navy.
The recent book of Vice Admiral S. J.
Makaroff of the Russian navy has been
translated by Lieutenant John B. Berna
dou of the United States navy and ap
pears in the General Information series,
No. XVII, issued by the Office of Naval
Intelligence. Vice Admiral Makaroff
treats the subject of "naval tactics" in
all its bearings and his thoroughness and
manner of explaining all that pertains to
naval warfare is so lucid and interesting
as to commend itself even to readers who
may not be familiar with the technic of
warships, ordnance, electricity and tor
pedoes.
Foreign naval powers are directing
their chief attention to quick-firing guns
and their adequate protection. In the
German navy all guns up to and includ
ing 9.45 inch caliber are henceforth to
be quick-firers. In the French navy the
old style 14.5-inch breech-loaders are be
ing displaced by 9.45-inch and 6.47-inch
quick-firers. In the British navy no larger
caliber than 6-inch te yet in use, but the
number of guns carried is on the in
crease. Japan Btill holds on to 12-inch
breech-loaders for the battleships, but is
mounting 8-inch quick-firers on the
armored cruisers under construction, and
the remainder of the batteries are com
posed entirely of quick-firers. The largest
quick-firers in the Russian navy are of 6
inch caliber and the ordinary breech
loaders are slowly being supplanted. The
South American republics' navy vessels,
chiefly built at Elswick, have batteries
entirely composed of quick-firers, rang
ing from 8 inches down to one pounders,
and within a year the ships of the United
States navy will have discarded ordinary
breech-loaders of less than S-inch caliber.
THE DAYS THAT WEBK
The lovely twilight lingers like a spirit
round the place;
The sweetheart roses at the gate are me
mories of her face;
The lilies lean and listen — the ghosts of
lost delignt—
The sunflower like golden star signals the
silent night.
This is the place I met her— there, In the
rosy years.
When life was all of hope and all Its ways
too sweet for tears;
This is the place I met her— this is the
dear, sweet place,
And all the world is wondrous with mem
ories of her face.
Oh, it may be that not for me another
light shall shine
Like the last light— like the past light
that made sweet this life of mine;
It may be I shall never see, for all life's
grief and grace,
The beam, the gleam, the stream — the
dream, and over all, that face!
Strange ways, strange days and lands and
hands, and what we think is fate;
But over all some crimson bands that
bind a twilight late
With rare star-sprinkled roses, with all
their youth time grace,
And those sweet lips that kissed me, and
ever more that face!
Let us forget! and yet— and yet— we will
remember still
The blood that made the rose so red— the
ripplo of the rill —
The hills that climbed to heaven, and each
remembered place
That made the whole world sweeter for
one dear woman's face!
Dear face! I may not meet thee— l may
not ever sight
The phantom ship that bears thee from
the watchflres of my night;
But still the beam, the gleam, the dream,
ami evermore I see
A face that makes life beautiful— the one
sweet face for me!
F. L. STANTON in Atlanta Constitution,
ONE OF AMERICA'S IIGHTJbRS.
The papers have given many short biog
raphies of H. W. Lawton, now a major
general of Volunteers, who commands
one of the divisions of Shafter's army,
and whose men were engaged in the des
perate assault at El Caney, writes H. S.
Cantield in the Chicago Times-Herald.
They have told of his long years of ser
vice, of how he has worked himself up
through the lieutenancies to his present
rank, and of the training given' him by
more than a quarter of a century of ex
perience; but of the gigantic size, the
phenomenal strength and activity, the
abnormal endurance, the utter fearless
ness and the inalienable picturesquenesa
of the man not a word. I have the honor
to know him well, and, since I like men
whose basic manhood has not been ut
terly refined out of them, I like him.
Lawton reminds me always of Scott's
Norman baron, Front de Boeuf. He has
better morals, of course, as well as a very
pretty taste in red wines and reed birds,
but he is as big as the giant slain by
Richard of the Lion Heart, is as direct in
his methods, and, in personal or general
combat, every bit as savage. There is
plenty of the primal man In him. What
he thinks he says. Ho has a strong sense
of justice, but his temper is terrific and he
is not gentle. He requires of his subor
dinates the utmost endeavor, and gets it.
He asks no one to do work that he is not
competent and willing to do himself. Nat
urally a leader, he goes first, and the more
difficult or desperate the undertaking the
faster he goes. Upon the gray granite
slab which covers the moldering bones of
a Confederate officer who sleeps on the
magnolia-pc-taled uplands of Louisiana is
an Inscription: "He never told his men
to go on." That will do for Lawton when
he dies.
He is six feet three inches high. He
weighs 210 pounds, and nearly every ounce
of it is bone and blood ajid tendon and
muscle. He is 55 years old and as springy
as a youth. His capacity to go without
food, drink or sleep is seemingly unlim
ited. "MacUmazahn," the Zulus called
Quatermain— "the one who has his eyes
open." Macumazahn Lawton will keep
them open for a week at a stretch, when
necessary, and then walk, talk, eat, drink
or fight a dozen men to a standstill. He
has lived a life of peril and hardship. His
only rule of hygiene is a tub in the morn-
Ing. He has taken no sort of care of him
self. Yet so splendidly was he endowed
by nature that there is no perceptible
weakening of his forces. Apparently he
is as powerful and enduring as when I
saw him first. That was more than ten
years ago. He had completed one of the
most remarkable feats of strength and
perseverence chronicled in the long annals
of the Anglo-Saxon race, but he was as
fresh as a rose in the morning.
He stood on the Government reserva
tion at San Antonio surrounded by the
tawny savage band of Chiricahua
Apaches, whom he had hunted off their
feet. Near him, tactiturn but of kindly
visage, stood young Chief Nachcs, al
most as tall as ho. In a tent close by lay
Geronimo, the medicine man, groaning
from a surplusage of fresh beef eaten raw.
The squat figures of the hereditary ene
mies of the whites grouped about him
came only to his shoulder. He towered
among them, stern, powerful, dominant—
an incarnation of the spirit of the white
man, whose war drum has beat around
the world. Clad in a faded, dirty fatigue
jacket, a greasy flannel shirt of gray,
trousers so soiled that the stripe down the
leg was barely visible, broken boots and a
disreputable sombrero that shaded the
harsh features burned almost to blacks
ness, he was every inch a soldier and a
man. To the other officers at the post the
Indians paid no sort of attention. To
them General Stanley and his staff were
so many well-dressed lay figures, stand
ing about as part of a picture done for
their amusement, but the huge, massive
man with the stubble on his chin had
shown them that he was their superior
on hunting grounds that were theirs by
birthright, and they hung around hfa
lightest word.
For the tenth time Geronimo's band had
jumped the San Carlos reservation. The
spring grass was two inches high and the
Indian lust for blood was awake. As
usual, troops were started upon a peril
oue chase. For days they followed the
trail over a country that God Almighty
made in wrath. Farther and farther into
the vast solitudes they toiled. Volcanic
crests reared about them. Lava tore the
•eat her from their feet. They drank
from springs that gushed thousands of
feet above the valleys. They wandered
in canons so deep and dark that through
the narrow ribbon of white far abcne
them the stars were seen at midday
They lived upon animals no wilder tnnn
the men they were pursuing and scarcely
more wild than they. Now and then,
from a forest of pines far above them,
a shred of blue smoke drifted on he
furnace air. followed by the shrill of the
bullet's wild singing. The horses long
since had been left behind. The cavalry
men were on foot with Lawtona their
head, his teeth hard set. •"Well walk,
them down." he told his sergeant when
the mountains were reached. He was
walking them down. _v,r»e«
Six weeks afterward an Indian. *h°* a
bones seemed ready to start through his
skin, came to the camp and said that
Geronimo was ready to surrender. Law
ton went alone to the lair of the starv
ng wolves and received their submission.
Cavernous eyes glared at him. Lips black
from thirst and hunger were drawn back
over discolored teeth. Skeleton fingers
pointed at him. From skeleton jaws
came sounds of pleadings mixed with
wrath The poison of bitter racial hatred
was in every glance "Even the rocks
smelled like mad Indian he told me
with a laugh long afterward. He lounged
among them, their master by virtue of
superior courage and strength and hardi
hood, and they followed him like sheep
to food and imprisonment. That is the
story in outline of the capture of Geroni
mo, physician, wizard, conjurer, orator
and murderer. t fhJk
The man of El Caney is the man of the
Mogallons. and the man of the Mpitallons
is the reincarnation of some shining, hei
meted giant warrior who fell upon tne
S of Palestine in the first crusade,
with the red blood welling over his corse
let and his two-handed battle-sword
shivered to the hilt. The race-type per
sists unchanged in eye in Proflle. In
figure. It is the race which in all the
centuries the Valkyrs have wafted from
the war decks, have hailed from the
holm-gangs or helmet-strewn moorlands
—the white-skinned race, whioh, crunK
with the liquor of battle, reeled around
the dragon standard at Sen ac. which
fought with Richard Grenville. ™
broke the Old Guard at Waterloo, which
rode up the slope at Balaklava, *™eh
went down with the Oumberland In
Hampton Roads, which charged with
Pickett at Gettysburg— the race of tne
trader, the financier, the statesman, tne
inventor, the colonizer, the creator, but,
before all, the fighter.
GENERAL LAWTON'S ONE MISS
ING MAN.
To the Editor of the Sun— Sir: Permit
me to call your attention to a moat re
markable report made from our army be
fore Santiago.
Major General H. "W. Lawton, com
manding the Second Division. Fifth Army
Corps, reports casualties. 410 killed and
wounded, with only one man missing.
To one who has seen battles this teii3
a great story of a never retreating lino,
perfect discipline and constant looking
after the men by the officers. It entitles
every officer in the command to more
than ordinary credit, and shows what can
be done by American troops when organ
ized, disciplined aad led by men of suen
superior character as Henry W. Lawton.
It is only what was expected of him by
his old comrades of Grant's army, and
some of us think the attention of the
American people should be called to him
by ONE WHO KNOWS HIM.
New York, July 11.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TRADE WINDS— T. N. W., City. The
trade winds are at San Francisco and vi
cinity in July and August.
RABBlTS— Subscriber, City. The near
est place to San Francisco for huntins
rabbits in Marin County. Early morning
is the best time to hunt them.
THE METROPOLITAN THEATER— E.,
City. The last performance given at the
Metropolitan Theater on Montgomery
street, between Washington and Jackson,
was on the night of the 28th of April. 1873.
in San Francisco, was on the night of tho
2Sth of April, 1573.
SAN FRANCISCO BAT— T. N. W.,
City. The Bay of San Francisco is
bounded on the north by San Pablo Bay,
Marin and part of Contra Costa County,
on the east by Contra Costa and Alameda
counties, on the south by Santa Clara ana
part of San Mateo County and on the
west by part of San Ma too County, San
Francisco and part of Marin County.
A YAWL— J. W., City. This depart
ment has not the time to search over the
files to find an article descriptive of the
building of a yawl, published about three
or four years ago. If you will go to the
Free Public Library you will find books
there that will give you all the informa
tion you seek, and tell you how to build
a cheap or an expensive yawl.
THE COMMANDING OFFICER— F. C.
C, Oakland, Cal. The commanding offi
cer of a man-of-war, during an engage
ment stands where he can obtain the best
view of the situation and be in the least
possible danger to himself, so that he may
be able to give his orders and direct the
movements of his ship. Sometimes he is
on the bridge and at other times in the
conning tower.
GENERAL AMMEN — Subscriber,
Yountville, Cal. Jacob Ammen was an
American soldier, born in Botetourt, Va_,
January 7, ISOS. He graduated at West
Point in 1831; after that he was professor
of mathematics at the United States Mili
tary Academy, at Jefferson College and at
the University of Indiana. He resigned
from the army in 1537. At the outbreak
of the Civil war he was commissioned a
captain of 'volunteers and served through
the war being promoted through the sev
eral grades to brigadier general. He was
in command of the military district of
Tennessee in 1864, and again retired from
the army the following year. He died at
Lockland, Ohio.- February 6, 1894.
RANK AND INSIGNIA— MyrtIe street,
Oakland. Cal. Following is the relative
rank of officers in the United States army
and navy:
Army. Navy.
General, Admiral,
Lieutenant General, Vice Admiral,
Major General , Rear Admiral,
Brigadier General Commodore,
Colonel, Captain,
Major, Lieut. Commander,
Captain, Lieutenant,
First Lieutenant, Lieut Jr. Grade,
Second Lieutenant, Ensign.
The insignia in the army is: General,
shield between two stars; lieutenant gen
eral, one large and two small stars;
major general, two stars: brigadier gen
eral, one star; colonel, eagle; lieutenant
colonel, two silver leaves; major, two
gold leaves; captain, two bars; first lieu
tenant, one bar; second lieutenant, plain
strap.
The insignia in the navy is: Admiral,
two stars between anchor at each end of
strap; vice admiral, anchor between two
stars and a third star on the anchor; rear
admiral, anchor between two stars;
commodore, star between two anchors;
captain eagle between two anchors; com
mander, anchor between two silver
leaves- lieutenant commander, anchor be
tween two gold leaves; lieutenant, an
chor with two bars; lieutenant junior
grade anchor with one bar; ensign, an
chor; mate, marine glasses.
Going out of business. Finest eyegl ,
specs, 15 to 40c. 65 4th. Mr. Barber. •
Cal. tflace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
j Although blind in one eye. the late Pro
j fessor Mueller of Vienna mastered over
■ 100 languages and was one of the greatest
I ethnologists of modern times.
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at new ticket office
of the Santa Fe route at 62S Market »t. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. will pay
you to Investigate.
TO PORTLAND. OREGON. 48 hours. First
cabin, $12: second-class. JB. including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia. 2000 tons,
July 10. 18, 26, August 3. Steamship State of
California, 1500 tons, July 14, 22, 30, August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. 12. 10 a, m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific cnast. A cool and delightful summer
trip; exhilarating sea air. The public la wel
come and invited to visit these ships while In
port. Of flee 630 Market street.
Camp life la more pleasant with a bottle of
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters. Prevent* 111
effects of bad water, dysentery, etc.ENDEAVORERS
DISAPPOINTED
No Knowing When Their
Launch Will Be Ready.
_____ t
A CONTRACT WITH A STRING
CONTRACTOR HAS HIS OWN
TIME TO FINISH THE JOB.
Russian Bark Wertbury From Hong
kong Will Be Chartered to
Load a General Cargo
for Manila.
The Golden Gate Union of Christian En
deavor is in rather a quandi-- over the
g-asollne launch that it contracted for
over a year ajro. The question of a boat
of this "kind for taKinp the Endeavorers
out to different ships in the bay as occa
sion required was discussed at many
meetings, but the possibility of building
one was never in Bight until after the con
vention of 1597. When ail expenses of that
reunion had been paid there was a sur
plus! which was timed over to the Gold
en Gate Society to serve as a nucleus for
the new launch. More funds were then
forthcoming, and the contract for the
bent was let. Everything in the agree
ment was shipshape save that no time for
the completion of the work was set. In
stead there was a -lause which says the
contractor shall "devote all his time to
the construction of the boat."
For a time everything went along:
tnlnffly and advance payments were
ley became due. Now, how
ever, the work is lagging and nothing can
POSTED AS MISSING.
The British Bark Midas, Now Out 159 Days From Nagasaki for This Coast,
Has Been Given Up as Lost. The Willscott and Midas Left Japan About
the Same Time, and the Willscott Arrived Here April 13 Under a Jury
Rig. She Had Been Caught in a Terrific Storm and Nearly Went
Down. It Is Thought the Midas Was in the Same Gale.
be done because the contractor is devot- ]
Ing all his time to the boat. His explana- j
tion is that he took the contract too low j
and cannot afford to hire labor. There- I
fore he is doing all the work himself. In
the meantime the Endeavorers have to
hire a launch every Saturday night when
they visit some one or other ship In the
stream, and some of the members are
beginning to think that they will soon
have paid the cost of a launch In boat
hire.
The passengers and crew of the Pacific
Mall Company's steamer Starbuck had a
good laugh over a celebra...on which took
place in Ocos, Central America, while the
steamer was there. About 600 Spaniards
and half Spaniards had got together and
wine was flowing, speeches were being
made, dancing and a general jollification
wad in full swing, all In honor of Admi
ral Cerveras victory over the American
fleet at Santiago de Cuba. Ihe Ameri
cans aboard the steamer thought it would
be a shame to dampen the ardor of the
celebrants, so the Spaniards are still in
ignorance of the true state of affairs. The
chances are that had the Spaniards been
told that Cervera's fleet had been de
stroyed by the Americans and that the
admiral and his men "were prisoners in
the United States they would not have be-
The steamer Humboldt arrived at St.
Michael on the 10th inst. That informa
tion is due to the fact that the steamer's
whistle, once heard, could i" recognized
again among a thousand. It was formerly
the whistle of the old steamer Humboldt
that was wrecked, and every captain on
the coast knows its toot. \\ hen the
steamer Roanok* was leaving St. Michael
a thick fog hung over the water. Away
in the distance a steamer s whistle was
heard, and the chief engineer of the
Roanoke. after listening a moment said
"that steamer Is the Humboldt. That
would give the latter vessel la days in
which to discharge her cargo and pas
sengers and get back here on schedule
tlm he J Bmish bark Midas has been posted
at Lloyd's as missing. She left Nagasaki
for this coast 109 days ago in company
with the British bark Willscott. The lat
ter Vessel was aught in a terrific hurri
cane and put in here dismasted on April
13 last. The Mklas is supposed to hays
been caught in the same gale and went
down. She was a new vessel on her maid
tn The British bark Gwynedd from Ore
con for Cork has been compelled to put
fnto Durban. South Africa, with th. loss
of all her boats and her cargo shifted.
The French bark Pierre Cornellle.
which left here on February 23 for Capo
Town, has not been heard from since
she Failod. Underwriter! are now pay
ing SO guineas per cent to reinsure her.
•■ fhe steamer Czarina and bark Harry
Morse arrived yesterday with coal for
the Black Diamond Company. These
shipments come in the nature or a god-
F«nd, as the company's yards have been
bare of coal for nearly a week.
The schooner Enterprise, while beating
•out of the bay yesterday, ran into the
" Russian bark "Westbury. The schooner
lest her headgear and the captain ■ had
her towed to the mud flats. The barn
was chafed and had some of her plate*
dented. TI
The Weetbury came here from Hong
kong with a general cargo and as soon as
she has discharged will probably load
for Manila. Captain Tackon ha.- been
offered a charter to go to the Philip
pines, and a bargain will probably- be
Btruck to-day. Tlie Weatbury was : built
by William Pile &. Co. of Sunderland in
1567, and although the firm has gone out
of existence, the ship Is still as stanch
as the day she was ; launched. She ; ha«,
first-class passenger accommodations ana*
was for years ;In the Tasmanian trad*.
She was formerly commanded by Captain
Nutsford, who : lost the , ship Spendthrift
on Dungenness reef. >
The steamer Centennial * was again ex
amined by the authorities yesterday.
Major Long, ■: Captain Metcalf : Lloyd's
surveyor • Messrs. Bolles and Bulger,-
United ■ States ;. Inspectors .of '■■< hulls ana
boilers ; ' Harry • Tabrett, marine . superin
tendent ; of r > the ; Risdon ? Iron '.Works •" and
Captain -.Griffith ; agent -' of ■< the vessel : all
, went to Hunters; Point dry dock, where
the I Centennial • is «■ docked, ••" and > made I' a.
thorough examination of her. What ; their
conclusions were will not be made known
until their report has been made.
The tearing down of the old ferry depot
and po-tonace is progressing rapidly. The
contractors have thirty days in which to
c the buildings, and judging by tho
progress that is being made they will
be finished well within their time. Yes
terday the workmen recovered about $11
In change which had fallen through
cracks in the floor and had worked down
gh the wainscoting under where
the old ticket corridors used to be. The
Sausalito ferry depot was moved into the
new depot yesterday, and now all the
ferry lines are using their offices in the
new structure.
ACCUSED OF LIBEL.
F. Dryschel and His Wife Sue Frank
S. Kane and J. S. Bannennan.
Several weeks ago a petition was filed
by Frank J. Kane, through his attorney,
John S. Bannennan. asking that the pe
titioner be appointed guardian of the per
son and estate of Frank Osborn. an in
competent In the petition it was alleged
•hat John H. Engel. George N. Engel and
Mary A. Druschel conspired together to
deprive Osborn of his interest in the es
tate of Elizabeth Engel. That such is a
tact the accused deny and yesterday filed
suit .n the Superior Court against' Kane
i annerman, asking that they be
awarded $50Oj damages against the de
fendants for the "false and defamatory"
statements they caused to be published.
At the time of the filing of the guardian
ship petition Mr. Bannerman stated that
the case was well established, and in con
sequence he nor his client fear the out
come of the present action for libel.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
Its Membership Now Runs to Nearly
One Thousand Firms.
At the regular meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association
held yesterday tha following nineteen
new members were elected: Joseph F.
Brouchoud, California Tool Works.
Georgo \V. Caswell & Co.. Frank East
man & Co., A. J. Forbes & Son, The n.
F. Goodrich Co., Hinz & Plagemann. The
John M. Klein Electrical Works, 11. M.
Levy, Colin Mackenzie, Louis P. McCart} .
Moss & Co., J. C. Pascoe, John M. Petti
grew, Fred P. Schuster, J. Seidl & Co.,
Standard Oil Company, United State*
Glass Company and Jacob Wollner.
The secretary reported that in response
to the resolutions favorable to the ean>
construction of the Nicaragua Canal, re
cently forwarded to each membei of Con- I
gress from the Pacific Coast States, fay- j
orable replies were received from Sen- ,
atora John P. Jones of Nevada, George ,
\Y. Mcßride of Oregon, George C. Per- i
kins of California, and Representative* ;
Loud. Hilborn. De Vries and Maguire of
California and Tongue of Oregon. Messrs. i
and Lewis of Washington. They
each replied that they would do all in their |
power to hasten the construction ana '
completion of the canal.
For the ready reference of all mem
bers of the association and the readers of
the Review, the board decided to have
5000 copies of the schedule of war taxes as
prepared by the attorney of the assocla- j
tion printed and distributed with each
number of the Review on or before Au- j
trust 1. This schedule will contain an ■
indexed alphabetical list of all the articles j
subject to the tax, with the amount of
the tax stated, and will be so arranged as
to be valuable for quick reference.
JUDGES DIFFER ON
THE BANKRUPTCY LAW i
HAVE THE STATE COURTS ,
JURISDICTION P
Consensus of Opinion That the Fed
eral Act Has Succ^ded and
Is Now Operative in
Its Stead.
"This act shall go into full force and
effect upon Its passage; provided, how
ever, that no petition for voluntary bank
ruptcy shall be filed within one month of j
the passage therof, and no petition for ;
involuntary bankruptcy shall be filed
within four months of the passage i
thereof.
"Proceedings commenced under State ;
insolvency laws before the passage of
this act shall not be affected by it."
These two concluding clauses of the new
i national bankruptcy law have occasioned
many differences of opinion between Cali
fornia jurists, and in consequence local
attorneys are much interested. Judge 1
Hall of Alameda County has decided that |
las no petition can be filed in the United
, States courts until one month after the
I passage of the act, which took place on
July 1. the State courts have Jurisdiction
; until that time. Judge Hall bases his
I opinion. It is said, on the decision of the
case of Martin vs. Berry, where it was ;
held that the national bankruptcy act of ■■
ISG7 did not deprive the State courts of j
Jurisdiction until the date upon which
petitions could be filed in the United
States courts. Judge Belcher of this city,
however, has held, in an ex-parte pre
sentment, that the Federal law went into
full effect on July 1. and succeeded and '
is now operative instead of the State law
It is stated that Judge Jones of Contra
Costa County has decided the question
in accordance with Judge Belcher's opin
ion, i
The wording of the last clause In the ■
new act, "Proceedings commenced under '
State insolvency laws before the passage
of this act shall not be affected by it "
certainly leaves the inference that pro
ceedings commenced after the act will be
affected by it. and owing to this conclu
sion the consensus of opinion leans in
favor of the decision rendered by Judge i
Belcher. ■ ■
. ♦ .
In the Divorce Courts.
Maud F. Coyne was granted a divorce
from her husband, Frank H. Coyne, yes
terday, on the ground of willful neglect
Mary A- Bryant was granted a divorce
from John H. Bryant on the ground of
extreme cruelty. Mrs. Bryant was award
ed the custody of her children. Mrs. Grace
Vezey was granted her appllcantion for
a divorce from Charles D. Vezey. The
decree was granted on the ground of will
ful neglect.
If the lead in your pencil Is poor, try the
famous "'Koh-I-Noor." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
THEY SHOWED
SOME PRACTICE
The San Francisco Nine
Play Ball.
WORKED LIKE VERY DEMONS
AN IMPROVEMENT NOTED IN
THEIR METHODS.
Manager Swanton Turned Over a
New Leaf and Made the Boys
Get Up and Dig — Now
Watch 'Em-
BY JOE CORBETT.
Last Sunday, before the biggest audi
ence that had ever attended the games at
Recreation Park, the Sand Crabs unmerci
fully defeated the San Franciscras.
The game was not what might be termed
a good one, for the reason that it was
too one-sided; yet it brought to view two
very important points, namely: that the
Sand Crabs have Improved wonderfully
since their last appearance here, and that
the San Franciscos Instead of doing like
wise, displayed the same old miserable
form.
In the case of the latter I was noi
surprised, despite the fact that they hau
only recently participated in a thirteen
inning game.
The form tney displayed In that mem
orable contest I attributed to Providence,
for I was ever of opinion that without
practice a tr-am cannot play steady ball.
It is possible, as the San Franciscos clear-
ly demonstrated in that great Stockton
game, for a team to occasionally pla>
superior ball; and the present standing of
the same team, In a slight manner, ad<3»
to the veracity of my opinion that a tean*
cannot play steady and winning ball with
out practice.
The San Franclscos were a long timo
ln agreeing with me on this point. The>
were provokingly persistent in adhering to
the methods employed by them at the out
set, which consisted of one simple rule—
"play any old kind of ball and get tho
money."
Whether it -was the awful drubbing
they received at the hands of the Sana
Crabs last Sunday, or the fact that peo
ple only turned out to see good games,
I am unable to state; yet the fact remains
that the San Franciscos have finally con.
descended to practice.
They not only condescended, but really
did turn out to a man on Tuesday aftei.
noon and worked like demons.
This little piece of news will no doubt
shock some of their supporters, and 1
might have done better had I conveyeu
the news more gently, but it was beyonfl
me to remain silent longer, and the reliei
resulting, I assure you, is astonishing.
However. I am not supposed to tell m>
own troubles in this article, and that, by
the way, is something I regret exceeed
ingly.
That the San Franclscos are practicing
certainly is news of a cheering nature.
The fans as well as myself have long
wished for it, and now that it is a reality
an opportunity of gauging th*» merits of
the team and its probaole standing is as
sured. This, however, must be left open
for a brief period, or at least until we are
certain that the team intends a pursuance
of Its present methods. I can say tnis
much, however. If the team continues to
practice at least two days out of the week
and secure the services of another goM
pitcher their chances of bringing up the
tail end will no longer be looked for.
I was so taken up with their ( ?ame that
I spoke to tneir manager and askeu him
how he accounted for the splendid show
ing of his team. "Practice." he said;
"nothing more. I came to the conclusion
that to win games my team must prac
tice, and so called the boys together and
told them so. I at the same time told
them that they must meet at my office
twice a week and that I would have car
riages to take them to and from the
grounds. I also placed a fine of $5 on any
one failing to put in an appearance; and
another thing. I went with them to the
grounds and saw that they did practice.
The results you have seen. '
This version of the team's improvement
should speed them on. There is nr.
reason in the world why they should not
accomplish what the Sand Crabs have.
Last Sunday they were shut out by
them. and no one was in a better position
to understand the reason and to soe the
wonderful improvement than myself. If
the reason was not fully understood Mr.
Swanton's statement should convey it.
if the managers of the San Franciscos
would adhere to his policy they
would be a good team and a drawingcard.
If they are not ambitious enough to take
these steps in the hops of improving the
team, self pride should spur the boys on.
One day's practice is far from being
sufficient. A team must practice con
tinually, and. if this be Impossible, at
least two days of the week should be
devoted to it. Don't give up ye "Blue
Ribbons" now that the important wo»k
is on. Stick to it. and it won't be long
before big crowds will be in attendance
whenever you play. You were Just on the
verge of destruction. T«t providence has
been kind, and don't prove yourselves
ungrateful by practicing once or twice
and then giving up. And when you do
practice be sure that every man Is placed
in his proper and permanent position.
Put players in certain positions and keep
them there. Don't be changing around.
It demoralizes a team and spoils a player.
Hurrah for the Blue Ribbons!
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Produce Exchange Election.
The following new officers of the San
FranciFCD Produce Exchange were
chosen at the annual election yesterday:
H. Eppinger. president; Thomas Watson,
vice-president; James Hagg, treasurer;
committee of appeals — F. Dalton, H. Du
tard. J. J. Mone, C. S. Laumelster and H.
Sinshelmer.
GLOSSING OVER
LUMBER FRAUDS
School Board's Experts
Submit Their Reports.
A LARGE SHORTAGE FOUNn
MORE SHINGLES USEx> THAN
WERE. PURCHASED.
Derham Wants the Election of
Teachers to Take Place in
Open Meeting of the
Board.
President Barrington submitted to the
Board of Education last night the report
of the experts appointed by him to in
vestigate the lumber frauds unearthed
by the Grand Jury recently. The report,
as stated by Mr. Barrington, was badly
jumbled up and prepared in a great
hurry. His apparent haste to get it be
fore the Grand Jury, which was seconded
by the other members of the board, ap
pears to be the only reason for its present
incoherent state.
About all that could be made out of it
was the totals, which showed that the
department had purchased 724,407 feet of
lumber during the last tiscal year, and
the experts could only trace 649,714 feet,
leaving a shortage of 74,693 feet. The
president, however, reduces this shortage
by 15,000 feet by explaining that that
amount was used at the Durant School
and not credited by the experts.
The experts also found that the de
partment had used 55' JO more shingles
than had been purchase* during the year.
Mr. Barrington had this explanation to
offer for the apparent miracle. He said
that some shingles had been used for
which bills have not yet been received.
As the report only covers the last fiscal
year, no reason can be assigned for hold
ing back the bills for these shingles near
ly a month unless it be that the depart
ment had so far exceeded the appropria
tion for last year that it is endeavoring
to hold back some of its expenditures to
the present year.
While the report cuts down the lumber
deficit found by the disinterested experts
employed by the Grand Jury, still an ad
mitted shortage of S.\4QS feet (accepting
Barrington's accounting for 15.000 feet as
correct; shows some pretty rotten work,
■without taking into consideration the dis
crepancy and the quality and consequent
cost price of the lumber, which the
board's experts considerately refrained
from touching upon.
The following contracts for repairs were
awarded: J. F. Byrne, for graining Web
ster School. $136, and Lincoln, $IS9; E. W.
Fuller, brick work on Washington Gram
mar, $112; Conlon & Shipman. for paint
ing and kalsomining. $ - JSS; same firm foi
doing the same work In the Lincoln
School, $495; W. ML Fletcher, bulkhead
ing Irving Primary $2^"j3; P. Abrahamson,
for ventilators for Washington Grammar,
$197.
Director Derham presented the follow
ing statement and amendment to the rules
which caused considerable consternation
among some of the directors. Under the
rules It went over for a week:
The members of this board have been re-
I quested by the chairman of the elementary
i committee to give to him the names of teachers
i to be appointed to places in the department.
i He states that there will be vacancies on the
; substitute list and the committee intends to
recommend that they be .fined. To my mind
the necessity for the appointment, and the ap
pointment of any teacher, is of sufficient Im
portance to require the consideration of the
entire board and should be taken out of the
hands of any committee of the board.
I desire at this meeting to submit for adop
tion an amendment to the , rules . making the
i appointment of any teacher a matter of open
I board proceeding. The name of the director
who proposes an applicant for appointment in
the department should not be withheld; it is
information to which the public is entitled, It
should be a matter of record and was a mat
ter of public record for year* prior to the
change of rule by this board.
Scores of teachers have been appointed and
our board records fail to show the name of
the director responsible for each appointment.
A reform in the procedure of electing a teach
er is necessary; It !s tardy, perhaps, but I hope
I that the board will effect it.
I ask for the adoption of the following
amendment to the rules: •
• >Vhen any vacancy exists in the teaching
force of the department, such vacancy shall
be reported to the board by the committee hav
ing charge of the department in which it ex
ists.
•If the board desires to fill suoh vacancy,
nominations for the election of a teacher shall
be made in open board and the name of the
nominating director and the vote on such elec
tion shall in all eases be recorded in the min
utes of the board and the name of the nom
inating director shall also be of record in the
book kept for that purpose.
"Unasslgned teachers or regular teachers
temporarily not in charge of a class, shall be
placed at the head of the substitute list of the
department and shall be considered aa a part
of such substitute list."'
Director Ragan presented a long re
port on needed changes In the course of
study in the high schools, and the board
decided to hold a special meeting next
Monday night to consider the matter, and
also the progress of work on the Mission
i High School.
It was decided to build a new class
j room to the Park Primary School and the
! architect was directed to prepare plans
for it. -.:'-■ ~'~0;~:-
DEMOCRATS WILL
MEET MAGUIRE
PREPARATIONS MADE TO WEL
COME THE CONGRESSMAN.
Reception to Be Given at Metropoli
tan Temple on the Evening of
His Return.
The final preparations for the reception
of Congressman James G. Maguire upon
his return to the city the last part of this
or the commencement of next month weru
arranged last evening by the Democratic
Central Club, and the programme for
rendition at Metropolitan Temple thai
will succeed the informal reception at
the ferry outlined. It was definitely de
cided to Invite the various Democratic or
ganizations of the city to participate in
the affair by sending their representa
tives as deputies to the regular commit
tee appointed to receive the Congress
man upon his arrival in this city.
A parade consisting of the members of
the regular Democratic and various other
clubs will be formed in front of the
Pythian Castle on Market street, and will
act as an escort from the ferry to Met
ropolitan Temple.
A resolution upon the necessity of ar
ranging the date for the Democratic State
convention In the near future was in
troduced and unanimously adopted. It
reads as follows:
Whereas, The success of the Democratic
party In this city and State depends ianjely
upon a full and fair discussion of the Issues of
the day: and whereas, the date for the meet
ing of the Democratic State convention has not
vet been fixed, and feeling the importance of
an early campaign in order to furnish time for
a full dlscueslon. the time for the meeting of
■aid State O mention should be Bet at as early
a dat» as possible: therefore be It
KHsolved. That the Secretary of this club
communicate with the chairman of the sub
committee of the State Central Committee,
having jurisdiction of said matter, and request
him to convene his committee forthwith and
fix an early date for the meeting of said con
vention.
Robbed His Employers.
"W. W. "Whyers, porter for Whlttier,
Fuller & Co., was yesterday held to an
swer before the Suporlor Court by Judge
Mogan on a charge of grand larceny in
$3(XX> bonds. The cases of M. J. Gallagher
painter, and Richard Barton, painter'
arising out of the same transactions, wili
be concluded to-day.
A Lively Blaze.
An alarm from box 452 yesterday after
noon was for a fire In a one-story dwell
ing owned by H. Stoddard at 15 Banks
street. Before the flames could be extin
guished damage to the extent of $500 was
done. The cause of the fire is unknown.
VOICE OF
LABOR IS
NOW HEARD
Government Investi
gates Army Con
tracts.
INTERNATIONAL TROUBLES
CHINESE MINISTER COMPLAINS
OF DISCRIMINATION.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald to
Report on the Shutting Out of
White Women on Army
Work.
"SAX FRANCISCO, June 7, 1898.
"Quartermaster General, Washing
ton, D. C:
"This depot does not and has not
knowingly, during my incumbency,
employed Chinese labor on uniforms
or anything else manufactured or
contracted for here. On two early
contracts, made some weeks ago, I
discovered that Chinese labor was
being employed, and immediately
canceled contracts. Representa
tives of labor organizations visited
me, and, after explanation, ex
pressed themselves as perfectly sat
isfied. I invited them to investigate
and assist in ascertaining which
contractors employed Chinese labor
and stated that I would at once an
nul contracts. All contracts and
orders require white labor only to
be employed. It 4s my earnest de
sire to avoid all labor complications
which will embarrass the depart
ment or myself, but if the depart
ment desires indorsement from
Chamber of Commerce, Board of
Trade or reputable business men,
they have been tendered.
"LONG.
"Quartermaster in Charge."
The telegram of which the foregoing is
a copy may lead to international difficul
ties, and if it prove not so serious an of
ficer of the army may have to answer
charges of having misled the department
at Washington.
It has all developed from the effort
made by the labor organizations of this
city to force the men who were awarded
Government contracts for army uniforms
to employ white labor. They turned the
bulk of the work over to Chinese, thus
depriving thousands of white men and
women of the opportunity to make a liv
ing. The first complaint came from the
women, who called attention to the fact
that Chinese were employed on Govern
ment work, contrary to the laws of the
State.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald investi
gated the complaint, found it a just one,
and referred It to Congressman Magulre
at Washington, .tie in turn referred' it
to the Wax Department. Secretar-- Alger
commenced an investigation through
quartermaster General Ludington. In due
course of time the complaint again reach
ed this city. This time It was received'
by Major Long, the quartermaster in
charge of the Department of California.
In reply he indorsed it, with the state
ment that he had canceled the contracts,
and that business men of San Francisco
had offered him indorsement of his
course.
The fact that contracts made with Chi
nese had been canceled was called to the
attention of the Chinese Minister at
Washington. The following correspond
ence, which gives the affair international
importance, is self-explanatory:
Department of State.
WASHINGTON, July 12, 1891.
His Excellency the Governor of California,
Sacramento, Cal. — Sir: I have the honor to
lnc!"se herewith a copy of a note from the
Chinese Minister at this capital. In which he
6tates that orders have been issued by the
Quartermasters' Department of the army to
contractors in San Francisco for army cloth
ing not to employ Chinese in the manufacture
of such clothing, thus making a discrimina
tion against his countrymen, in contravention
of the treaties between the United States and
China.
The Minister adds that Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald of your State has assumed the po
sition that none of the labor under these con
tracts should be given to Chinese, and that
the commissioner is gathering information as
to what portion of the contracts is being exe
cuted by Chinese, with a view to rescinding the
contracts or stopping payment thereon.
I beg to request that you will cause an In
vestigation to be made of the Minister's com
plaint, and that you will Inform the depart
ment o£ the result. Respectfully yours,
WILLIAM R. DAT.
Incloeure: From Chinese .Minister, No. 83,
July 5. 1838.
Chinese Legation,
WASHINGTON, July 5. IS9B.
Hon. 'William R. Day, Secretary of State-
Sir: I deem it my duty, as the representative
of my Government, to bring to your attention
certain events which have transpired In the
city of San Francisco, to the serious injury of
Chinese subjects lawfully residents in the
Inited States, and entitled by treaty to the
peaceful pursuits of their industry.
It appears that the War Department of the
T'nitea States has let out contracts to certain
firms in San Francisco for the manufacture of
clothing and other supplies for the United
States Army, and that some of these firmt
have found it necessary or convenient to em
ploy Chinese to perform the labors in execu
tion of such contracts. As a result of this
employment a great outcry has been raised by
certain labor organizations and other persons
evil disposed toward Chinese laborers, and it
is understood that orders have been given
by officials of the Federal Government. th»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HFLPS 0 b&^l \^ rK NOW*
toucan rclv implieitlvr
upon the ability of this tonic to
give you the new strength of
j which you are sadly in need after
[ a spell of sickness.
1 Possesses the greatest nourish-
I ing and soothing qualities of Malt
and Hops. •
ALL ORUGOnT*.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
M ILWAU KEE.U S.A.
Louis Cohen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. - f
q visit DR. JORDAN'S *««"
es&* Museum of Anatomy
P&jk \ :CSIKASET7ST.tet.6ti*7ti,S.r.C»L
■ ■ H The L«rg«»tofltskladlath«'SrorUl.
lJliSr \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 VrCSff B> ".'.-*-.' Conralutlon fr«. Writ* for Moak
K\ I I? Phifosophy^of Marriage.
• • MAILED rRCC
practical effect of which is not to allow such
labor to be performed hereafter by the Chi
nese people. It is reported, for Instance. In
the San Francisco Examiner of May 22 last
that Major Oscar F. Long, assistant quarter
master of the United States Army, under
whose authority contracts were made, has
publicly made the following statement: "Com
plaints have been made to me that Chinese
labor has been employed In making some of
these garments (army clothing). For this
offense I have called two contractors before
me and rescinded their contracts with the
Government. I have told the representatives
of labor that if they bring the proof I will
rescind the contract of any merchant who em
ploys Chinese labor in filling Government con
tracts."
A similar declaration of Major Long ap
peared In The San Francisco Call of June 1.
and other newspapers of that city confirm the
correctness of these reports.
It also appears that Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald has assumed the position that none
of the labor under these contracts should be
gi\-en to Chinese, and that he la employing his
subordinate officers in gathering information
as tn what portion of the Government con
tracts are being executed by Chinese, with a
view of rescinding the contracts or stopping
payment on the same. Statements to this
effect will be found In the issue of the news
papers already cited.
It would hardly seem necessary to recall to
you the fact that my Government, out of def
erence to lim wishes of that of the United
States consented Jo amend the treaty which
allowed free immigration of Chinese subjects
into the United States, and agreetl to the laws
which henceforth prohibited the coming of all
Chinese laborers, and in return thereof the
Government of the United States solemnly
(stipulated to extend to the Chinese subjects in
the United States the most ample protection
and the free enjoyment of all the privileges
and rights granted to the citizens of the most
favored nation.
I feel sure that you will agree with me that
the conduct of Major Long and Labor Com
missioner Fitzgerald Is in direct violation of
the spirit and letter of the treaty, and that
the President, upon this note being brought to
his attention, will order an investigation to
be made in the respective department with a
view to putting an end to the illegal and un
just discrimination sought to be enforced
against the Chinese subjects lawfully in the
United States. I shall be pleased to be in
formed of any steps which may be taken to
this end. Accept, sir, etc.,
WILLIAM TtN'GFANG.
Adjutant General's Office,
SAN FRANCISCO. July 20. 1898.
Hon. E. L. Fitzgerald, Labor Commissioner,
Parrott Building, San Francisco— My Dear Sir:
I am directed by the Governor to forward you
enclosed copy of correspondence from the Sec
retary of State at Washington and the Chinese
Minister at Washington, which is self-explan
atory. The Governor requests that you imme
diately forward him a full report regarding
this matter, so that he may be able to make
proper explanation as per request from the
Department of State, Washington. Very re
spectfully, A. M BARRETT.
Adjutant General.
Governor Budd is at a loss to know,
why the matter was referred to him.
The officials of the State of California
have nothing whatever to do with the
letting 1 of contracts. Major Long is the
Governmental quartermaster, and the in
vestigation should properly be conducted
under the direction of United States offi
cials. If any treafy rights ha% - e been in
fringed they are the persons who are
responsible.
"I have just received this correspond
ence from Governor Budd," said Labor
Commissioner E. L. FitzgeraM yesterday.
"I am glad that it has assumed this wider
scope. It Is pleasant to know that for
once the appeal of labor has reached the
ears of men hiijh in authority at Wash
, ington, even though it was through the
Instrumentality of Chinese.
"My report to the Government will be
an exhaustive one. It will embrace every
particle of correspondence, testimony and
evidence collected by myself and my dep
uties. It will be farreaching and will have
the effect of placing the work where It
belongs— with the women who are clam
oring for a chance to earn their living.
1 It will correct all the wrongs they have
I suffered at the hands of the quartermas-
I ter's department.
"Major Long will have to explain why
| he sent the telegram saying that con
i tracts were canceled. The Chinese com-
I plain that this is discrimination. If they
! were not canceled, and we will offer proof
I that they were not, some one spoke false
;ly to the War Department. As late as
i yesterday we found officers' clothing be
ing made at 1120 Stockton street by Chi
nese. Mrs. Eva Bates, president of the
! Federation of Women, and Mrs. Jordan.
I reported that they and other women are
'■■ sewing buttons on clothes that they may
j be made wearable. These garments have
! been accepted as completed by Govern
1 ment officials.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales ov#r«, 000,000 Boxes
B& Jb.JHDjH&MHr
FOE BILIOUS AND HEBVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach. .
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIR3T DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECH PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Mick Headache, fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARCEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drue Stores.
ITK'l TK ' PALACE wj
%GRAND hote
o SAN FHAHCISCO. q
I Connected by a covered passageway.
j © 1400 Roorns-900 With Bath Attached. °
i O All Under One Management. O
Q HOTS THE FBICZ8: O
I — . European Plan.Sl.OO p«r day and upward _
© American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward V*
Q Correspondence Solicited.- Q
q JOHN G. KIKXPAT3ICK, Htatgw. Q
000000000000000000
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
Grants diplomas and confers degrees. Rare
opportunities offered In music. One hour's ride
from San Francisco. Write for catalogue to
MRS. C. T. MILLS. President. Mills College
Postoffice, Alameda County, Cal. Thirty-second
year. Fall term open 3 August 3. ISM.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Ness aye.; opens August 15. Certi-
ficate admits to Vassar, ' Weilesley and Smith
colleges. Accredited to the University of Cali-
fornia. Kindergarten in connection with the
school . Number of house pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary), 1549 Jackson St., S. F.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
work from Kindergarten to - College Prepara-
tory Course. Address MISS SARAH D. HAM-
LIN. MRS. EDNA SNELL POULSON.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day . school for young
ladies. 2126 California st., San Francisco. Will
reopen ' August 1. ■ Accredited to universities.
Seminary; and full • conservatory, music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
THE LYCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
—This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; Its grad-
uates are admitted ■ without examination to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation of the princlnal: references,-
President Jordan or any Stanford professor.
Phelan ; building.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M§MW ITTLE
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, BadTast*in vie Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose
Small Price.
II NOW
I BOOKING  .
Passengers
™* Freight
FOR . . '•
DAISON CITY
And Yukon River Points,
Via 6T. MICHAEL.
QUICK DISPATCH.
For rates and dates of sailing apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY,
Licbes Building, 139 Post Street.
Very Few
people come back for their
money.
Why?
Schillings Best suits them.
53
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Cured!
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chajilzt. K. IX
17 THIRD ST., Near Market St.
SEWDTO SOMEONE WITH CJJUCEH
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
ctrenztb to the sexual organ*.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSGO'S GRAND S3
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532.
MONDAY, JULY IS. THIRD WEEK OF
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
] In Edwin Milton Royle's Patriotic Drama,
! "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
i Exciting Battle Scenes. Tropical Scenery.
Old Glory and Our Soldier Boys In
Mexico.
Evening Prices -...25c and 500
Family Circle and Gallery 100
1 MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A GBEAT BILL OF NOVELTIES AND COMEDY.
VALMORE, the "Instrumental Man":
1 JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR. in
"The Quiet Mr. Gay": GILBERT & GOLDIE.
Native Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Ec-
centric Dancers; BERT COOT AND JULIE
'. KINGSLEY. in "Supper for Two": FLEUR-
ETTE, Terpsichorean Marvel; MRS. ALICE J.
SHAW AND DAUGHTERS; FALKE & SE-
: MON, Comedians.
Reserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c Opera
i chairs and box seats, 50c
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
I Mr*. Ernestine Kzellng. Proprietor and M&nwu.
LAST NIGHTS.
• Planquette's Charming Opera
••THE
BELLS OF GORNEVILLE"
GREAT CAST!
1 NEW SCENERY! CORRECT COSTUMES!
NEXT WEEK.
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT."
Mllloecker's melodious work.
Popular prices 25 and 50 cents.
SBES3JK NO telephone. . .'£ggj3E9
COLUMBIA THEATER.
I LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting the great Empire Theater success
"LIBERTY HALL."
' A modern comedy by R. C. Carton.
The Artistic Hit of the Season.
Next Monday— The New War Drama,
t "A GALLANT SURRENDER."
I' " "
AT rA7AD SEATS BY PHON3
ALvAZ^AK. Main 254.
"TVKRT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
LEWIS MORRISON
Magnificent Spectacular,
"FAUST!"
Price 3 .'.". 15c, 25c. 35c, 500
■ NEXT WEEK
Lewis Morrison's Elaborate Production,
"EAST LYNNE"
i 0 T FAIL T » SEE THE WONDERFUL
JAPANESE ACROBATS!
The Balancing Marvels of the Age.
AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
' A Great Vaudeville Bill in the Free Theater.
CANNON, the BIG GUN, STILL BOOMS!
: Attractions all over the Grounds.
10c. including Zoo and Theater; Children. sc.
HI VUDI 4 Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
j UL I IJll 1 A Great New BUI of Stars. Gibson &
i Allen. Comedians; Flossie Nash. Soubrette;
Ordway & Rand. Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazina,
Royce Sisters, Rockwell and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday. .
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
. Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. re.
ADMISSION lOc -CF3-& - CHILDREN So
\ nothing, who admission. XSc; ctmOrea, Mo*
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sliver firmer.
Wheat and Barley quiet.
Oats rather firmer. \ ■
v_orn advanced. Rye duti.
Hay in moderate receipt and firm.
No change in Feedstuffs.
Some changes in Beans and Seeds, »
Potatoes and egetables about the same.
Butter weak, Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
A car of Eastern Poultry In.
Fresh Fruits about the same.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions quiet.
Hogs tending downward.
SALMON SHIPMENTS.
Exports of salmon from this port during the ■
first six months of the year were 96,800 cases
and 4245 packages, valued at $348,600. against j
119 <"« cases and 6252 packages, valued at $600,- i
000, during t. i same time In 1897.
EXPORTS OF FLOUR AND WHEAT.
Exports of Flour from this port during the
crop year of 1897-93 were 523.4G0 barrels against
1,123.600 during the preceding year. Reducing
this flour to a wheat basis and adding It to
the exported wheat gives total exports of
wheat for the or'- year of 12,520 ctls.. valued
at $18,500,000. against 13,476 ctls., at $17,552,000
for the year before.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Tlise.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July CO. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California: ...V ':'•
Eureka, 68; Fresno, 98; Los Angeles, 80; Red i
Bluff. 88; Independence, 90; San Diego, 70; Sac- :
ramento, 74; San Luis Oblnpo. 74; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 67; j
minimum. 51; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FO RECASTS.
The pressure Is highest this evening on the
coast of Washington and lowest In Utah. |
Cooler weather prevails in the Sacramento Val- ]
ley and warmer weather in Utah. Conditions ■
are favorable for continued cool, fair weather j
In California Thursday.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, July 21, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; cooler
In southeast portion; fresh to brisk west wind, i
Southern California— Thursday; fresh l
west wind.
Nevada— Fair; cooler Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday: cooler.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday, !
except foggy In the morning; brisk west wind. !
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken \
at 5 p. Clear; wind west. 12 miles per j
bour; temperature, 68; maximum. 70.
W. H. HAMMON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 20.— The slight Increase la
the volume of dealings In stocks to-day would
by no means warrant the term animated, but
It conveyed an Intimation that business In
■Wall street is not entirely dead. Any strik
ing development In the situation would lead
to an outbreak of activity in speculation. The i
morning advance was occasioned by nothing
morfe than the covering by short contracts put
out by small traders yesterday morning. The
assertion that the Madrid Cabinet had deter- ]
mined upon negotiations for peace was used i
to advance prices and it was rather significant
that they held firm In spite of the demon
strated unreliability of the report and the de
cline in Spanish 4s in London and Paris. Re
assuring official utterances from Washington I
regarding the yellow fever situation and trom
the Metropolitan Street Railway authorities
regarding the effect of the temporary suspen- i
sion of a part of their lines pending reconstruc
tion removed the principal elements of yester- '
day's uneasiness. The foreign exchange mar
ket is showing the effect of grain bills coming
forward and Is heavy in tone and dropping
toward the gold Imports after net Imports of
gold for the year of about $100,000,000. But
money continues easy and rates for the time
money are quotably lower.
The demand for Denver and Gulf lsts on re
organization prospects continued to-day and
there was a distinct weakening of activity in
Bonie of the other speculative bonds which
moved so conspicuously last week. Prices in >
a number of other cases are notably higher.
Total sales, 12,600,000.
The new Government 3s when Issued were in
strong demand to-day and 103% was bid for ,
them In Wall street. A transaction was made
at 103%. United States new 4s and the 2ds
advanced 1 per cent, the old 4s coupon and the
Is registered *4 and the 6s coupon 4 per cent i
In the bid price.-
Total sales of stocks to-day were 140,100
shares. Including 10,150 Atchlson preferred, 3800
Burlington, 5244 Manhattan, 11,325 Metropoli- j
tan, 4253 Reading preferred, 3245 Rock Island,
8073 St. Paul, 3775 U. P., 5408 U. P., D. & G.. !
6905 Tobacco. 5155 Sugar. 11,241 Leather prefer
red, 11,615 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13' /4 St P & Om 814
Do prefd 344 Do prefd 150
Baltimore & Ohio 134 St P M & M 153
Canada Pacific .. b4» 8 So Pacific 20
Canada Southern. 52% So Railway 8% i
Central Pacific .. HH 1 * Do prefd 30%
Ches &. Ohio , 22V4 Texas & Pacific.. 124
Chi & Alton \fiu Union Pac prefd. 60**
' Chi B & <J 10J!4 U P D & G 6% <
Chi & E 111 54 VVabash 7 '
C C C ft St L.... 41% | Do prefd 18% I
Do prefd £5 Wheel &L E 1
Del & Hudson... 10-lVi Do prefd 8
Del L & W 150 Express Companies-
Den & R G 114 Adams Ex 101
Do prefd 49*4 Amelcan Ex •. 135
Erie (new) 12}; United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd.... 344 Wells FarKO 118
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor preld.... 126 A Cot Oil 20
Hocking Valley... 5% Do prefd 74% |
Illinois Central .. 107% Amn Spirits 124 !
Lake Erie & W.. 13 Do prefd 33
Do prefd 70 Am Tobacco 109%
Lake Shore 188 Do prefd 120 !
Louis & Nash 52 People's Gas 98*4 j
Manhattan L 105H Cons Gas 1964
Met St Ry 149% Com Cable Co 170
Mich Central ... 105 1 , i Col F & Iron 20 '.
Minn & St L 28 Do prefd 60
Do Ist prefd.... 88 Gen Electric 35%
Mo Pacific 354 Illinois Steel 57% I
Mobile & 0hi0... 254 Laclede Gas ..... 60
Mo X ft T 10% Lead 34%
Do prefd 34'« Do prefd 103
Chi Ind & L 94 Nat Lin Oil 134
Do prefd 29% Pacific Mail 25%
N J Central SB% Pullman Palace... 208
N V Central 117% Silver Certificates 59% I
N V Chi &St L.. 13 Stand R & T.... 5% :
Do Ist prefd.... 65 Sugar 132% i
Do 2d prefd 30 Do prefd 112%
Nor West 14 T C & Iron 24%
No Amer Co 6% U S Leather 7*4 '
No Pacific 29 Do prefd 67%
Do prefd 69% v S Rubber 30%
Ontario ft W 14% Do prefd 90% |
• Or R & Nay 4$ West Union 92%
Or Short Line.... 23 C& N W 127% |
Plttsburg 170 I Do prefd 172%
Reading 16% St L& S W 5 !
Do Ist prefd.... 39 Do prefd 10% >
Rock Island 95% R G W 26% !
St L& S F 7% Do prefd 66
Do Ist prefd.... 61 Chi G W 144
Do 2d prefd.... 25% Haw Com Co 22
St Paul 984. Brooklyn R T 65
Do prefd l".l Union Pacific .... 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 1244 N J C Bs 11l
Do coup 1204 N Carolina 6s 125
V S 4s 110% Do 4s ...:. 102
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts 112%
Do Ids 96 Do Ss 63%
US 6s reg 112% Do 4s 98%
Do 6s coup 113% N V C & it L 4s. 105
District 3.65s 116 Nor ft W 65.. 121
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn cons. 142%
Do B 100 Do deb 5s U64
Do C SO jo Nay lsts ill
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 45.. 95U
Atchlson 4s 94% O S Line Cs tr.... 127
Do n<lJ 4s 70% O S Line 5s tr.... 103%
Can So 2ds 109% Pacific 6s of 95.. 102 j
Chi Term 4s 8«4 Reading 4s ...'. 81% !
C & Ohio 5s 114% ROW lsts 89 !
C H & D 445.... 104% St L & I M C ss. 98%
D& R G lsts 109 St L&S F G 6s. 118*2
D&R G4s 95 St P Con... 145
East Term lsts... 105% St PC & P lsts 118%
Erie Gen 4s 73 j Do 5s ... 116
FW & D lsts tr. 73 So Railway 65..""' 9354
Gen Elec 5s 105 Stand R & T6s 70
GH& S A 65.... 104 Tonn new set 3s'. Sl%
Do 2ds 103% Tex PL C, lets. 105%
H & T C 6b 105 Do Rg 2ds 43
Do con 6s 11l Union Pac 4n... 87
lowa C lsts 102 UPD & G lsts. 72%
La new cons 45.. 104 Wab Ist 6s IIOU
L& N Unl 45.... 88 Do 2ds ...'.'.....' 67 *
Missouri 6s 100 I\V Shore 4s 108«4
M X & T 2ds 65% Va Centuries ... 71%
Do 4s 894 Do deferred .. 04
N V Central Ist*. 115%
MINING STOCKS. .
Chollar 13 Ontario ..... ........ 2 60
Crown Point 02 Ophlr ...'. 15
Con Cal & Va... 85 I Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.... 05 Do prefd 250
Hale & Norcross.. 40 Sierra Nevada ... ■ 40
Homestake 48 00! Standard 140
Iron Silver 73 Union Con 32
Mexican C* I Yellow Jacket ... CS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Atchlson prefd ... 34%
Call loans .2@3 Boston L 66%
Time loans ..3©4 E B 111 160
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd.... 93
AT& 8 F 13.4 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 132% Atchison 4s 93
Do prefd 112%iWls Central lsts. 45%
Bay State Gas... 14 1 Do 6s 1254
Bell Telephone... 274 I Mining Shares—
Boston & Albany. 225 Allouez Mm C 0... 4
Boston &■ Maine. 161% 1 Atlantic .. 26
Chi B & Q 105 «4 Boston & Mont... 203%
FitchburK 99% Butt" & Boston.. 234
Gen Electric ..... 38% Calumet & Hecla. 550
Illinois Steel . Centennial : 140 '
Mexican Central.. 4% I Franklin 12
NY & N Ens:.... 95 Osceola ............ 46%
Old Colony ....... 193'« Quinsy 116
• Rubber 30% Tamarack 1.".%
Union Pacific ... 234 Wolverine 23
West End E5% ! rarrott 23%
Westinghouse El. 24% Old Dominion ... 22%
Do prefd 64
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 20.— 3 p. m.— Money on
call, steady. IM<32 per cent; last loan. 1% per
cent: prime mercantile paper, 3V»'"< per cent;
Sterling Exchange steady, with actual busi
ness In bankers bills at $4 85H®4 85% for de
mand and at $4 «4%ft4 84"* for sixty days;
posted rates. $4 SSH and $4 S6V4@4 87; commer
cial bills. $4 5304 83%. Silver certificates, 59Vi
©69%0. ■ Bar silver, 69% c. Mexican dollars,
45?« c. Government bonds strong; State bonds
dull; railroad bonds steady.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 20.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram from London says. The
stock markets here remain idle and dull, the
feature to-day being a sharp recovery in Cana
dian Pacific and in Grand Trunk, said to be
on a reported adjust'- of the rate war, but
as said in these dispatches yesterday the mar
ket was ripe for an upward turn. Americans
opened dull, then rallied on New York prices
and closed (inn. Spanish fours continued Hat
on sales by weak bulls here, but closed above
the worst on Paris support.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 86%:. Grand Trunk. 7»4;
bar silver steady, 27 7-l€d per ounce; money,
V<i'2 per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 35%.
PARIS, July Spanish fours closed at 36.35.
MADRID, July Spanish 4's cloned at
57.60. Gold was quoted at 72.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July FLOUR— Receipts,
14,310 barrels; exports, 13,931. Active and
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62.767; exports, 61.327.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 82%®S3c f. o. b. afloat,
export grades to arrive. Options were mildly
active all day. At first Influenced by bearish
French crop estimates and disappointing ca
ble, they later rallied on Northwestern frost
news. They closed hi<S%a net higher. . •;■ •::
HOPS— Steady.
METALS— An indifferent trade was doing
on the Metal Exchange to-day. Interest Is at
a low ebb. while fluctuations in prices are
largely nominal. The official close was as fol
lows:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet at $6 56 bid and
$6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, at Jll 50.
TlN— Quiet, with Jl3 55 bid and $16 60 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with J3 92V* bid and $3 95 asked.
Spelter quiet, with J4 45 bid and $4 60 asked.
Lead is still quoted $3 80 by the firm naming
the settling price for leading Western miners
and smelters.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points net lower. Sales, 1600 bags, includ
ing: August, $.') 25<25 65. Spot— Rio. dull and
easy; No. 7 invoice, 6'nc; No. 7 jobbing, 6%c.
Mild, inactive; Cordova, S'rSloc.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 9-16 c;
centrilugal, t*6 test. 4Hc- Retined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5389 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 13@17V4c; Elgiiiß. 17c; fac
tory, ll@l3c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8600 packages. Steady;
Western, 13V»Q14c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July 20. -California dried
fruits: Apples, steady; others, firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6®Sc per
pound; prime wire tray, 84c; choice, B%@i)c;
lancy, 94 C
PRUNES — 4@Bc per pound aa to size and
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 84@10c; Moorpark, 10
«j 12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. bQSc; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 20.— The lower temperature
in the spring wheat territory following laEt
night's rain, together with the early decline j
in corn, started wheat weak. Business during
the first part of the session was dull and the
undertone bearish. The argument was urged
that our export surplus would be of such
magnitude and the foreign demand so re- |
stricted that it is likely to glut the market j
and lower prices would be Inevitable. Another i
factor which served to weaken bull confidence
was Broomhall's figures, showing the world's
wheat crop this year likely to be 120,01
bushels above requirements. Then came a re- j
action on the announcement of the Signal i
Service Bureau o£ the probability of i:<^ts
to-night in the northern sections of the wheat |
i belt. In addition to the frost predictions the i
bulls got some encouragement from the pri- |
I mary market receipts of new wheat being too ■
, light to injuriously affect the price of the cash I
article. There was also a report that crops ,
■ abroad were less favorable, as severe storms
In Hungary had damaged the crops there from i
' 8.000,000 to 10,000,000 bushels. September closed
Vs'S'ic lower and December lost 4c.
Every commission house appeared to have
i selling orders for corn at the opening. Rain
; throughout a large section of the Western
country was the cause of weakness at the
start. This was all changed later, however,
when the Weather Bureau's report of possible
I light frosts In northern sections of the corn
! belt was received. September left oft un
j changed.
Oats held steady on good buying by com- j
mission houses and responded promptly when
corn rallied. September advanced 4c on the
day.
Provisions had a weak start on account of
lower quotations for hogs and the decline in !
corn. Offerings were small and very little
buying sufficed to take all that was tor sale
as "a result of the decline that Inaugurated the
day's business, which was easily overcome.
Pork quit "4c higher. Lard and ribs are up
- 24c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 76 77*4 76 77*4 ;
I September 68 68% 674 68%
December 684 684 67% 6S?g ,
Corn No. 2—
July 32% 33% 32% 334
September 33 33% 32% 334
December 33% 344 33*4 33% 1
I May 35% K% 354 36V4 i
' Oats No. 2—
, July 23*4 23*4 23 23*4!
: September 194 19% 19% 19% ;
May 224 224 22 234
Mess Pork, per bbl —
: July 980 j
September 985 9 974 985 995 j
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 5 60 6 65 6 60 6 65
October 5 624 670 5 624 670
I Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 624 670 6 624 670 j
October 6 70 5 75 6 70 0 75
Cash quotations were aa follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 75c; No. 3 spring
! wheat 7O(fT8Oc; No. 2 red, 77@774c; No. 2 corn,
53*4@33%c; No. 2 oats, 23% c; No. 2 white, 27c;
i No. "3 white, 26c: No. 2 rye, 474®48c; No. 2
! barley, 32<g34c; No. 1 flaxseed, $I'Sl 02: prime
timothy seed, $2 55; mess pork, per bbl, $9 824*?)
9 874; ' ard . P er 10 ° rhß - *» 524^5 574 ; short
ribs sides (loose), $5 50@6 SO; dry salted shoul
i ders (boxed), $4 75<85; short clear Bides (boxed),
I $6 10ig6 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour, bbls 9,500 10,600
i Wheat bush 84,000 2.170
i Corn, bush 223.500 212.000
: Oats, bush 308.900 74.700
i Rye. bush 21.700 2.200
| Barley, bush 1,500 1.300
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13igl6*/fcc; dairies,
ll@l4c. Eggs, easy; fresh, lie.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Mlnneapolia 25.110 22.910
Duluth 1,811 233,764
Milwaukee 4.550
Chicago 84.055 2.174
Toledo 179,553 227.000
St. Louis 21.000 11.000
Detroit 600 450
Kansas City 68.550 36.500
Totals 855.179 633,798
Tidewater-
Boston 20,600 23.91?
! New York 52.725 61,327
i Philadelphia 2.461 796
j Baltimore 64,992
I New Orleans
Galveston 33,660
Totals 174,328 86,041
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 63 90 45 10
Closing 63 05 44 75
Flour-
Opening 23 50 20 55
Closing 23 40 20 35
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 10% 6 7%
Closing 6 9 6 10\ 6 7*4
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 20.— CATTLE— The demand
| for cattle to-day was fairly active; prices
m m barely steady. Choice Fteers, $5 1505 f>l;
' medium, $4 65®4 S3; beef steers, $4 15(S-4 60;
stockers and feeders, $31£4 75; bulls, $2 75@4 25;
cows and heifers. $4; canners, $2 40@3; calves
$3&7; Western steers. $4 25<3>5 30.
HOGS— Were fairly active at a 5c decline.
, Fair tn choice, $3 :»74«t4 124; packers, $3 80®
• 3 !"); butchers, $3 Ss(§'4 05; mixed, $3 80&4
light, 13 751&4 05; pigs. S.i@3 924.
SHEEP— Desirable sheep were strong, and
! the better spring; lambs sold remarkably well.
; Common sheep, $3513 30; choice natives, $4@5;
Westerns. $4 25@4 60; lambs, $3 5005 75
Receipts— Cattle. 17,000; hogs. 32.000; sheep,
! 12,000.
KANSAS CITY.
! KANSAS CITY, July 20. - CATTLE—Re
: ceipt*. 9000. Steady to weaker; native steers
$3 6095 20; cows and heifers, $2 2554 95; stock
ers and feeders, $3®5; bulls, $2 50@4 65.
HOGS— Receipts. 19,000. Market 10c lower,
i Bulk of sales. $3 765! S5; heavies. $3 85®3 90;
j packers. $3 65C3 85; mixed, $3 65<r3 80; lights
< $3 6ni7?3 73; york<>rs, $3 70® 3 75; pigs. $3 15©3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm; lambs.
$3 75®6 10; muttons, $3^4 75.
OMAHA. i
OMAHA, July 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2400
j Market steady; native beef . steers, $4 25@6 20; ,
THE SAN FRAJSTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
-- • ■■•.w»«WBHBB«a = '*" : "'''- r i: !- .
Western steers, $404 70; cows ; and helf ers.- I
$3 40@4 40; Ftockers and feeders, -- S3 60®4 70;
bulls and stags, $2 BO@4. ? . ■■; ••> - ".■-■:■;:■
HOGS— Receipts, 10,000. Market shade to i
5c lower. Heavies. $3 S3@3 90; mixed. $3 86®
3 87; light, $3 82Vt©3 85; bulk of sales, $3 85(31
357 ' ' * ' " ■~-r» V
SHEEP— Receipts. 100. \ Market steady; fair
to choice natives. $3 80@4 50; fair to -■ choice
Westerns, $3 70#4 75; common, $3 50@4 25;
lambs. $4 25 6. DENVER. - . ■ **"
DENVER, July CATTLE— Receipts, 600.
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 60<8>4 50; cows.
J3©4 50; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 85®
@$4 40; stockers. freight paid, $4@5; bulls,
stags, etc., $2 5003 50. • *.' - - ,"
HOGS — Receipts, 200. Market 5c lower.
Light packers, $3 80®3 85; mixed, $3 Ss@3 90;
heavy, $3 70@3 85. , "- ■ "■„ •"• '.-"-.
SHEEP— Receipts— Receipts, none. ; Market
unchanged.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES. f
CHICAGO, July 20.— . Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Bartlett pears
j averaged $1 C9©l SO; half boxes, $1; Tragedy
I prunes, $1 05© 1 30. average $1 21; German. $1 10;
! plums, $1 25; California red, $1 50; Washington,
1 $1 35; Royal Hative, $1 15; Crawford peaches,
$1 10. Weather hot; six cars sold.
BOSTON, July 20.— Bartlett pears. $1 50@2;
average $1 SI. Weather hot; four cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA, July Tragedy prunes,
■ $1 15(?1 65, average $1 37; German. $1 42; plums, j
Isl 45<fil 75, average $1 61, Washington, $1 47;
! Peach Plums, $1 29; Kelsey Japan, $2 OS. Two
cars sold.
NEW YORK. July 20.— Bartletts, $1 55@1 70,
i average $1 62; Tragedy, $1 OSS'! 25, average
Isl 14. Weather hot: eight cars sold.
PITTSBURG. July 20.— Bartlett pears, $1 75®
$2 05, average $1 S2.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July 20.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say ' to-morrow of the
wool trade: The. market Is improving, not
very fast as regards prices, but with more or
less speed as regards the number of inquiries.
The. fact appears to be that some of the mills
have sold a good deal of yarns, perhaps at
come reductions, though at a good profit,
nevertheless, ana are becoming rather anxious
to get their hands on good lots of wool before
the raw material advances. There have been
very good-sized transactions since our last
report. A feature In the market has been an
increase In the number of sellers. The de
mand for unwashed fleeces has been unremit
| ting and there has also been quite a movement
in the medium and washed fleeces. Prices are
nearly unchanged, but the feeling regarding
them Is somewhat more encouraging than a
week ago.
! The sales of the week In Boston amount to
I 1,639,000 pounds domestic and 815,500 pounds
foreign, making a total of 2,454,600, against a
I total of 1.556.000 for the previous week and a
total of 5,941,000 for the corresponding week
last year.
FOREIGN MARKET.
«v
LONDON, July 20.— Consols, 111%: silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, 103f 17V 8 c; wheat car
goes off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage, quieter; No. 1 standard California,
! 32s 4Hd; Walla Walla, 31s 6d; English country
I markets, quiet. *
LIVERPOOL. July Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— closed dull; July. 6o 9d;
September, 5s 10% d; December. 5s 7 l ;d.
CORN— 3s sd; December, 3s 3Hd; Octo
ber, 3s 4%d. :;
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., July Exchanges, $200,
209; balances, $32,592.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July 20.— Wheat nominal:
Walla Walla, 60®^2c: valley and blue stem,
6S®64c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 20.— Wheat quotations easy;
I club, 60c; blue stem, 63c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $254,459,839; gold reserve,
$156, 760,919. r' •
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 20.— COTTON—
1 middling, 5 11-16 c.
NEW YORK, July 20.— Steady;
; middling, m
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight .. $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days 4 85%
Sterling Cables 4 88
New York Exchange, telegraphic. .. 17%
| New York Exchange, sight .. 15
I Fine Silver, per ounce 69%
Mexican Dollars 46 • 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
""'HEAT— was no change worthy of '
note, either on r-r off call.
' Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 23@1 27%; milling, '.
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— 2ooo
ctls. $1 28%: 4000, $1 25%.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 27%; IS. OOO, $1 28. •
Afternoon session— December— ctls,
$1 28%; 4000. $1 28%. -
— Futures were weaker, but there
: was no change in the spot market.
: Feed, $1 20® 1 224: Brewing. $1 30@l 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
: Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 20%.
Regular morning December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 20%.
Afternoon session — sales.
« OATS— Rather more tone Is reported at the
' old prices. Fancy Feed, $1 32@1 35 per ctl; good
i to choice, $125@132%; common, $1 174@1 224;
' Surprise, $1 32%@1 35; gray, $1 22%@1 25; mill
! ing. $1 3061 35 per ctl.
CORN— The market continues to advance
under short supplies. The Eastern market has
advanced and the crop prospects there are
not as good as they were. Small round yellow,
$1 30®l 35: Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 07%
<gl 10; white, $1 10@l 124; mixed, $1 05@l 074
per ctl.
RYE— sl 20@l 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras. *4 40@4 50 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
: lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
; Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 00; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; -Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
i ley), $5 85©6 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
\ per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were moderate again and
the market was firm. There is a growing scar
city in choice wheat, and It would probably
bring $20, but there Is none coming in. In fact,
there Is very little good Hay being sent in at
'■- present, most of the . receipts being of stock
that sells alone within the range of $16@17 60.
BRAN— SIS 60016 50 per,ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O'it22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 per ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31'3 1 31 50; Jobbing
! $32fT32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24!g25: Cottonseed
! Meal. $28@30 per ton ; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
i Cracked Corn, $24024 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat,- $18 50©19 50 for choice
117018 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat.
'■ $16 5O«1S 60: Oat. $16(g'17 *"• Wild Oat. $16® 16 50;
; Barley. $16; Island Barley, $14@16; Alfalfa,
i $12 50@13; Clover, $13@14 50 per ton. . . rv ■
STRAW— per bale.
_BEANS AND SEEDS.
Bean quotations show considerable change.
White Beans continue firm, . but there Is not
i much call for colored descriptions. Yellow
! Mustard Is lower. -~"
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75@2 90; Small Whites,
$1 90@2; Large Whites. $1 75@1 80; Pinks, $2 50
(g2 60; Reds. $2 60©2 75; Blackeye, $3 15@3 25;
Butters, nominal; Limas. $2 75@2 85; Pea, $180
@1 90; Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50*5 per ctl;
! Yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax, $2@2 05; Canary
Seed, 2%©2% c per lb; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
' 2U<52%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. s®s*4c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $20
j 2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES, ' ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are easy. Vegetables
\ range about the earns. '*' ; il^
POTATOES— £O@6Oc in sacks and 50@75c"1n
boxes for Early Rose and 50@65c in sacks and
■ 50@90c In boxes for Burbanks; Salinas ' Bur
! banks, 75<S'85c. -. ■ ■■•
ONIONS— per ctl for red and 65@80c
i per ctl -for yellow. •
VEGETABLES— - Peas, ; 2%c; String
, Beans, 2@4c per lb; Lima Beans, 4@sc; Bay
. Beans, 2®4c-per lb; Lima Beans, , 6c;: Bay -
i Squash, 50(g75c; Green Peppers, 50@75c for Chile
and $I@l 60 for Bell; Dried Peppers, s@6c; Cab
bage, 50c per ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per sack; Bay
Cucumbers, 40@50c; • Vacavllle, Tomatoes, 3.")<f?
> 75(^| Los Angeles.- 75c@$l per box: River Toma
i toes, $1 50(g2; Green Corn, 50c(g$l per sack for
I Vacaville, $I@l 50 per j crate for/Alameda and
I 75@85c for Berkeley; Garlic, 2@3c per lb; Green
i Okra. 50c@$l; Egg Plant, 75c@l 23 per .box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
| sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 23' lbs; sliced
i desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
! Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. \ 13c: new, ; 18c; Cab
i bage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; ■ Turnips,' 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND r GAME.
1 : •;.' .-■-.-. :■■-■:•
A car of Eastern came in late in the after
noon. Young Poultry continue* to decline, as
receipts exceed the demand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13®150 for Gob
b'ers and 12©13 c for Hens; young Turkeys, 17
®lSc; Geese, per pair, 75c@$l; Goslings, $1®
1 26; Ducks. $3©3 25 for old and $3@4 for young;
Hens, $4'Sfi; Roosters, young, $5@5 50; Roos
ters, old, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50@4 50; Broilers,
Writ hn mr large; J2 fr?2 f>o -r small: Pigeons,
$1 25®l 50 per dozen for young and old.
UAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter rtarket continues weak, and the
top quotation is now obtained with difficulty.
Eggs are firm. Cheese is steady.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20c, with sales
of 21c; seconds, 18@19c.
Dairy— Choice to lancy, 17@18c; common
grades, lCAlfic.
Eastern Huttcr— Ladle packed, 14@15c per lb;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, S@9c; old, 7®
"He; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
B : W9Hc; Eastern, 12<??13c.
i^GGS— Ranch Eggs, 16(a19c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13@15c; Eastern, 13@16c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Navel Oranges are no longer worth quoting.
Arrival of 495 cases of Mexican Limes.
Them Is no particular change in fruits. Sup
plies are not heavy, and it is as well, for the
demand is not sharp. A car of Cantaloupes
and Nutmegs In poor condition arrived from
Fresno, and sold low. Cherries and Currants
are about gone.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3@4 50 per chest for large and
$7 for small.
Royal Anne Cherries. 40'{P60c per box.
Figs. 60@65c per box for single and 76®85c for
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $5 per crate; Nutmegs, $1 50®
$2 50 per box; Watermelons, $10®25 per hun
dred.
Huckleberries, per lb.
Red Nectarines, $I@l 25; White Nectarines,
40f:65c per box.
Fontalnebleau Grapes from Vacavllle, 60c®$l
per crate.
ttlackherrles. JS 60@5 per chest.
Currants, $2®3 50 per chest.
Plums, 40#75c per crate and 25ffl>65c per box.
Apricots, 40@85c per box and $fO@6s per ton
In bulk.
Peaches, 40@75c per box, 80@750 per basket.
Raspberries. $4®6 per chest.
Apples, 35@60c for common, and 75c@Jl 25 per
box for No. 1.
Crabapples. 35@40c per box.
Bartlett Pears, $1(®1 25 per box and $25<530
per ton for No. 1, and 50®75c per box for No. 2.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. Jl 25@1 50 for St.
Michaels, Jltfjl 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and Wc(f Jl 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, Jl 25^2
for common and $2 50ig3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6: Bananas, $1 25®2 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3® 4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
There is nothing new. The Prune crop In the
Santa Clara Is reported spotted, being good
in places and poor In others. The yield will
probably fall considerably below that of la6t
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
5c for 40-50' s. 4'4(@'4Uc for f.O-SO'6, 3\<jct*c for
60-70' s, S^'SS'ic for 70-SO's, 2%<!a3c for SO-90's, 2>4
(s2\'*c for 90- 100' s; Peaches, 3<gsc; fancy, o\i<fv
6c; peeled, 10<&12Hc: new Apricots, B@9c for
Royals; old Apricots, s<§6 I '-c for Royals and
7® 8c for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, "Vs'JSc; sun-dried, 4Vs / fsc; Black
Figs, in sacks, 252% c; Plums, 4 1 , 2 '§4%c for
pitted and H4OU&C for unpitted; bleached
Plums, s<iis\ie; Nectarines, 4<?}sc for prime to
fancy; Penrs, 2 1 i'ft'4Hc for quarters and 3@sHc
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2^ 2'jc for two-crown, 2%i?3c for
three-crown; SHO>%C for four-crown. 4'4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels
and Jl@l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes
2Hc.
NUTS— Walnuts, 3®4c for hardshell, 4isT6c for
softshell; Almonds. 3<g4c for hardshell. 6^70 for
softshell; 8 1 -'tT9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
s>4c for Eastern and ihic for California; Pe
cans. 6li<?'Sc; Filberts. 9Ui?f.inc: Brazil Nuts.
B@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50rf?5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9(ffloc for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. sy.@
6c: light amber extracted, 4 1 i@5 1 ,-c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Cc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9c per It) for
heavy, 9Hc for light medium, 10c for ' light,
lie for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10>£@iic; Cali
fornia Hams BHOlOc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl; i
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt i
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17017 50; ' mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12 l
per rb. •
Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per Ib
for compound and Sc for pure; pails, B%c;
California tierces, 5%c per Ib for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7»ic; 10-!t> tins,
Sc; 5-n> tins. SVic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— pails, 60 in a case, 9&C;
3-Ib palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-Ib calls, 12 in a
case, SMjc; 10-rb pails, 6 in a caieT B%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 in a case.' 77& c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, l%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per Ib.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ,10% c; medium, • 9^c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9@9V4c; Stags. 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
12c; 'dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, ISc;
Goatskins, 27H@30c; medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 13@25c each; short wooL
30@40e each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Ilorsehides, salt, $2(fi2 50 for large
and $10160 for small; 'Colts', 50c; Horsehldes.
dry,-$150(g2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
60c. •
TALLOW— 1 rendered, S<4c per Ib; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4%@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clips. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free : Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern i
Mountain, 12 months', lie; San Joaquln and
Southern,. 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 121? 14c; do, " defective, 10@12c;
Middle county, 13@16c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. . 13<517c; Nevada, 10@14c; Eastern Oregon,
10@12c: Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— crop. 9@12%c per It).
' " ' ' GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%@4%c; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $1150 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can- I
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and. Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, 6>£c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, E%c; Confec
tioners' A, 5%c: Magnolia A. sVtc; Extra C,
6%c: Golden C, 5%c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more. •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The tendency in Hogs Is downward, as the
packers are unable to operate at the high
prices recently ruling.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6^±c; second quality,
b\<i<B!6c; third quality, 4>4<(Ts'4c.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@7c per Ib,
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7@7^c
per It». •'-'.- .i -
LAMB— Spring, S^S^c per Ib.
PORK— Hogs, 4Uf?4<K,c for large, 5c for
medium and 4 1 4&41 for small; stock Hogs,
2@3%c; dressed Hogs. 6@7!4c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, July 20.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,5171 Bran, sks 120
Wheat, ctls 70 i Shorts, sks 78
Barley, ctls 1.235 Hay, tons 454
Oats, ctla 1,200 Straw, tons 7
Rye. ctls 640 Eggs, doz 14.400
Butter, ctls 213 Hides, no 370
Cheese, ctls 115 Wine, gals 44,500
Tallow, ctls 204 Leather, rolls ... 10
Beans, sks 342 Lime, bbls 220
Potatoes, ska ... 6,043 Pelts, bdls 3,745
Onions, sks 627 Lumber, ft 35,000
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2,3801 Bran, ska 4.200
Wheat, ctls 6.590 Shorts, sks 1,328
Barley, ctls 6,590 Hay. tons 10
Oats, ctls 2.550! Middlings, sks .. 450
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were rather firmer yesterday.
Local securities were unusually dull and
uninteresting.
The delinquency In office of the assessment
of 10 cents per share on Savage stock has been
further postponed to August 8, and the day of
sale to August 29.
The annual meeting of the Savag« Mining
Company will be held to-day.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Andes Mining Company has been called for
September 22, to act upon a proposition to
diminish the capital stock from $10,000,000. di
vided into 100,000 shares of the par value of
$100 each, to $300,000, divided Into 100,000 shares
of the par value of $3 each.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
Mining Company will hold a special meeting
of stockholders on September 21 to act upon v
proposition to diminish the capital stock from
$?1.«00,000, divided into 216,000 shares of the
par value of $luu each, to $540,000, divided into
216,000 shares of the par value of $2 50 each.
At the annual meeting of the Yellow Jacket
Mining Company, held at Gold Hil.. New, on
"July IS, the old board of directors was re
elected, with W. H. Biauvelt as secretary and
W. E. Sharon superintendent.
Collector of Internal Revenue Lynch has
made the following ruling regarding the sale
of stock pending the reorganization of the dif
ferent mining companies, now In progress:
"That when a corporation with a capital
stock has passed a resolution to change the
par value of the shares of its capital stock,
an agreement to sell the said stock to be de
livered at a date subsequent to the date of
reorganization will be subject to a tax of 2
cents on $100 of the par value of the stock
issued under the reorganization. In other
words, any contract for future delivery of
stock will have to pay a tax at the rate of 2
cents on $100, par value of the stock, at the
date of delivery."
The Coast Development Company of Tuo
lumne County has levied an assessment of 6
cents per share, delinquent August 16..
To the Joint Confidence, Challenge Con. and
Con. Imperial west crosscut No. 1 from the
surface tunnel Is now in 1922 feet, having been
advanced 12 feet during the past week. The
face shows porphyry. All work in these mines
has been for the present suspended.
In the Overman mine .there has been no
change. The amount of ore taken out during
t,he past week was 13 carloads, of the average
assay value of J2l 64 per ton.
In the Caledonia mine, on the 1000-foot level,
work has been" discontinued for a few days.
The men are engaged on ' other work. When
completed they will resume Work on the 1000
foot level.
Work has been suspended In the Crown Point
mine for the present. Only a few men are
employed In the Belcher.
The official letter from the Occidental Con
solidated mine for the past week says: "Five
hundred and fifty foot • level— At a point 50
feet north of the main station we are up
raising to connect with the stopes for better
ventilation. The raise Is now up 60 feet,
having been extended 15 feet during the week.
We are also making an airway by drift be
tween No. 1 and No. 2 upraises, which is now
nine feet."
At the Alta mine during the past week
they hoisted and delivered at mill 32 carloads
of ore, the average assay value of which, ac
cording to car samples, was gold $9 46, silver
4.22 ounces.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, July 20—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. — 52%
4s quar coup..Ho%lll Pac Gas Imp.. 85% —
4s quar reg.. .109%110% Pac L Co — —
4s quar new. ..124 125% B F G & 8... 86 86%
Miscellaneous— !San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — iftock Uas .... 13 —
Cal El <js 125 — I Insurance—
C C Wat 5»... — 100 FirenVs Fund. l9o —
Dup-st ex c... — 9814 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .128% — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F&CI Ry 65. 113 114 Bank of Ca1. .241 —
Weary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 96% 98
HC4S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 jxm P & A. ...127ft —
Do gntd 65.. — 101% Mer Exchenge 10 15
Market-st 65.. 124 — Nev Nat 8....156 162%
Do Ist M n5..114 115 Savings Banks—
Kat Vln 6s lsts — 97% Cer S & L... — 1650
NCNG Ry 75.103% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 108 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 102% H F Say U.. 480 —
NPC R R os. 100 in2%l{> & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas a 5... .100 102% |r-curlty SB.— 300
Do 2d Is 55.. — 109% L'nlon T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 126 — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 107 — California ....105 108
P&CI Ry 65. 103 — Geary ......... 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Market-st 53 53%
Reno WL.&L..100 — Presidio — 8
Sac Elecßyss.loo — Powder—
X F & N P 05.106%106% California ....120 150
BlerraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 92
S Pof Ar 65.. 104 — Giant Con Co. 47 47%
S P Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorlt 3 3%
BPC Is eg 5a.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
S P Br 6s 114 115% Al Pac Assn.. 94 94%
S V Wat 65. ..117% — Hana P C 0.... 15% 15%
S V Wat 45... 102 — Or Ld Wks..llO —
Stock Gas 65. .100 — H C& S Co.. 22% 23
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% —
Contra Costa.. — 65 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98 98% Oceanic S Co. 55 57
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L..... 1% —
Tent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot Co 100 104
Mutual El Co. — 11% i par Paint Co. T —
Morning Session.
100 Market-street Railway 53 25
5S F Gas & Electric Co 85 25
100 do do 85 50
Street—
$3000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 103 00
Afternoon Session
50 Alaska Packers' Association 94 25
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22*7%
130 do do 22 75
30 Pacific Gas Improvement 85 25
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
5 Spring Valley Water 98 12%
10 do do 98 25
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds , 102 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Afternoon Session
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 75
65 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 49 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 17 j 50 Union Con 19
100 Con Cal & Va.. 381
Afternoon Session
100 Con Cal & Va.. 39 : 100 Sierra Nevada.. 45
100 Savage 12!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 20—1 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 04 05
Alta OS Oft Kentuck 03 04
Andes .." 0> O.i Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 10 12 Mexicarr 10 12
Best & Belcher 15 — Occidental 53 —
Bullion — 05 Ophlr 14 19
Caledonia 19 20 Overman 03 05
Chollar 15 17 Potosl 17 19
Challenge Con. 14 16 Savage 12 13
Confidence 21 25 Seg Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 38 3? Scorpion ..." 01 —
Con Imperial .. — 03 Sierra Nevada. 44 46
Crown Point .. 04 06 Silver Hill ..... 03 04
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard ; —1 65
Exchequer ...... — 1)3 t\ilon Con . 17 19
Gould & Curry. 05 06 Utah ...•. 02 04
Hale & Norers. 46 — Yellow Jacket. 12 13
Julia — 02
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Jennie Hawkes to Henry Vorrath,
lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue, 50:04 feet
W of Johnston street, W 25:1%, S 102:11%. E 25,
N 100:5; $1100.
W. A. J. and Alice M. Edinger to Florin L.
Jones, lot on S line of Vallejo street, 137:6 feet
E of Buchanan. E 27:6 by S 137:6: $8500.
John I. Holllday or Hallidai" to S. F. Bar
stow, undivided one-flfth Interest in following:
Ix>t on S E line of Market street, 297:64 feet
SW ol Brady, SE 114, SW 34:7, NW to Market,
KE 38:11H; lot on SW line of Fourth street, 55
feel N\V of Folsom, NW 25 by SW 80; lot on
SE corner of Haight and Stelner streets, E 56:3
by S 72; lot on S line of Twentieth street, 130
feet E of Dolores, E 25 by S 114; lot 1, block 4,
and lot S. block 23, Market Street Homestead
Association; interest in estate of Margaret
Holliday or Halllday, No. 18,70n, $2850.
Jeremiah Hallihan to Thomas H. Rooney, lot
on W line of Folsom street, 35 feet S of Nine
teenth, S 30 by \V 95: $5.
James G. Fraser to Ida C. Fraser, lot on W
corner of Second street and Park Lane North,
being 80 feet SE of Bryant, NW 40 by SW 90;
gift.
John Center to John N. and Julia A. Mc-
Leon. lot on \V line of Bryant street, 150 feet S
of Sixteenth, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Estelle L. Dudley to Jeremiah O'Connor, lot
2109. Gift Map 4; $10.
Thomas H. and Mary E. Greely to Armand
Picard, lot on W line of Lisbon street. 250 S
of China avenue, B 50 by W 100, lot 7, block 18,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Henry and Mary Lancaster to Lawrence E.
Van Winkle, lot on SW line of Mauritius
(Twentieth) street, 175 NW of Osage (I street),
NW 25 by SW 100, lot 3, block 401, South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
$75.
Bernard and Jean Trebucq and Genevleve
Mousqull (by Bernard Trebucq, attorney) to
Madeline Trebucq, lot on SE corner of Savan
nah (X) and Tobago (Thirty-fourth) streets),
S 200 by E 124. lots 2 to 5. block 60. Paul Tract
Homestead Association: also all interest in es
tate of Denis Trebucq, No. 19,796; $1215.
Joseph White or Joseph W. Woods to Charles
H. Athearn, estate of Joseph M. Wood, No.
20,256, deed and assignment; $600.
Charles H. Athearn to Washington Irwln,
interest In estate of Mary Irwin, No. 19,396;
$1T92.
Daniel ,T., J. J., M. F., Josle. James W. and
Rita Mahoney and Kate E. Barrlcks to Jo
seph H. Mahony, all interest in estate of Mary
Mahony, deed and assignment; gift.
Alameda County.
John Castro to Leonard R. Keller, lot on NE
corner of Dennlson and Kennedy streets, E 40
by N 100, block A, Shellmound Tract. East
Oakland; $10.
Paul J. and Zebuline A. Schafer to J. W.
Patterson, lot on S line of Hanover avenue. 214
W of Newton avenue. W 35, S 125.15. E 35, N
120.90 to beginning, block E. Peralta Heights,
East Oakland; $10.
N. T. Whiting to Anna L. Whiting, lot on
NW corner of Blake and Fulton streets, N 135
by W 100, being lots 22 and 23, Steele Tract,
Berkeley; gift.
Same to Bame, lot on N line of Dwlght Way,
300 W of Fulton street, N 135, far a point of
beginning; thence N 135, W 185, S 90:R, E 116.
S 45, E 70, to beginning, block 3, College Home
stead Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Dwlght Way,
150 W of Fulton street. N 270, W 156:4, P 135.
E 6:4, 8 135, E 150, to beginning, being portion
same, Berkeley; gift.
Martha G. Bailey to Anson S. Blake, lot on
W line of Adeline street, 144.33 P of Fain-lew,
W 98:6, N 30, E 36:6, N 30 E 86.46, S 66.61, to
beginning, being portion Central Park Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Elizabeth W. Parker to George E. Parker,
lot 8, block 14. McGee Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Mary F. and Joseph B. Dutra to Citizens 1
Building and Loan Association, lot on W line
of Eighth street. 150 S of Bancroft, S 60 by W
135. being lot 8, block 124. Raymond Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Stephen
Arlng. lots 8 to 11. block B, Allendale Annex,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
John Dobson to William Dobson, lot on E
line of Charles street, 225 N of "Webster, N
25 by E 200, being the N 25 feet of lots 15 and
16, block 34. map of Fitchburg Homestead lots,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Sophie Taylor to Katie and John H. Cordes,
lot on SE line of Hawley avenue. 200 SW of
Buenaventura street, SW 50 by SE 150. being
lot 5, block C, Buenaventura Tract, map 2,
Brooklyn Township; $225.
George H. and Annette P. Barrett to Mary
Elfen, lot on SE corner of Eighth and Madison
streets. E 150 by S 100, block 126. Oakland; $10.
F. K. and Rosa M. Shattuck to Children's
Home-finding Society of California (a corpora
tion), lot 30. block 21. Shattuck Tract No. 5,
Berkeley; gift.
Builder's Contract.
David Kell (owner) with W. L. Holman (con
tractor), architect Edward R- Swain. One
electric passenger elevator in building on W
line of Third street, 70 S of Stevenson, S 60 by
W 60; »2240.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T J Dunn, Oregon J J Hebbron, Salinas
F G Schmidt, Oregon T O Snider, Woodland
D M Royberger. Or D L Snediker, Chicago
E W Clark, Cal J R Powell. Plymouth
IS A Chilton. Ky Mrs D J Song, Sacto |
A P Price, N V W Blackstack Ac w.Cal
G B Baer, Clovordale Mrs P Cox, Cal
R W Miller, Sta Rosa Mrs W A Trafton. Cal
J T MePherson. Cal X J Murphy, N V
W W Naughton. Cal J Foster, Portland
J B Johnson, Benicia J C Hall, Redlands
J Lindsay, Cal W B Adair. Woodland ;
Miss S B Paul. Cal U' M Plndeton, Manila j
C A Storke, Sta Barb W H Douthat. Manila j
E J Stanton. Los Ang W J Hill. Salinas
G H Johnson & w, Cal J W Rossich. San Jse |
S M Stack. Pasadena Miss Rosslch, San Jse
D R Prince, Fresno Mrs Rossteh. San Jose
H A Jastro, Cal Mrs C Siala, San Jose
Miss G Davis. Los Ang R M Hathaway. Cal j
Mrs J B Davis, LosAng J Robinson & w, Neb
J L Barham. Red Bluff O X r)oan, lowa
Mrs D Webster. Cal L D Jacks. Sta Rosa
H C Well & w. Cal H W Magee. Cal
Mrs A Berry, Selma iD A Butler. N V
H C Davis. Cal 'H H Meyer. Healdsbrg
E E Gaddi6. Woodland !J Rudee. Uklah
H L Oak. Seigler Spgs H C Veatch. Sta Cruz
Mrs Maxwell. Sacto i
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs J P Jones, Nev R R Colgate. N T
Miss Jones, Nev M Doiph, N V
Miss A Jones, Nev Miss M Stuart. Ohio
Miss F Jones. Nev Miss Madge Stuart, O
H R Wool. Pa W W Burden. Ind
F W Eaton. S Mateo B U Steinman. Sacto
J T McGee, Australia S D Majoribanks, Lon
J J Crooks&w.S Rafael N' Sutter. London
J E Kerr & w, Ky J H Payne. Chgo
Mrs WTWoodward.Ky P S Hanson. Chgo
J D Smith. Danville C R Smith. Jamestown
H H Day. S Barbara L E Fosdlck. Ind
E J Carter&w.S Diego Miss Maude, N V
R W Nance. Chgo F C Innes. Spokane
L Benson. London P J Lovergan, Colo Sp
M M Walker. MD. OrlF S Macomber. Sonora
H F Steams, Montreal F H Buck. Vacavllle
H A Steams. Pawtuckt J E Kerr, Ky
O G Kimball, Dd Bluff Mrs J E i.err. Ky
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Hoey. NY n N Nathan. El Paso
X Harrold & w.Milwke R Dorn. Boston
A B Jones & w.Chlcgo B Haines, Marysvllle
E Rohll.- Sacramento H O Rose, Portland
B Ebrits, w d. Mo B N Hessler, Baltlmre
J Weidmaner & w. Mo R O Shatter, N Orlens
Mrs Kramer & d, Mo W Harkness, Bellview
H Sllbersteln, Chico R Exestrom. Denver
Mrs C Wyman. Stockn L Standt, Richmond
J Schilling, St Louis R Ellsworth, Ohio
W A Casswell, Sacto R Glazer; Falls City
R O Rose. St Paul B C Bandos. Philadel
R B Baxter, «" Paul R B Douglass, Mexico
W N Baker. Lodl B C Davis, Ukiah
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L M Edmunds, Cal A J Boru, Winters
D W Smith, Cal J Williams & w. Cal
J G McGovern & w.Cal S Cockrane, England
G S Harris, Sonoma J Brambart, Livermore
A Mitchell, Winters A Morrison, Livermore
C Snodgrass, Winters A McDonald, Canada
Mrs H G Muller, Cal J O'Keefe. Chicago
Mrs M Patchen, Cal B Engleside, Angels
J W Ellsworth, Cal M McWharton Cal
J E Roth, Capay R H Heriot, Sta Cruz
London's "smart set" no longer uses
the costly table cloths and napkins
seen last year, but at supper parties
the mahogany or oak table is covered
with flowers closely pressed together, a
carpet of rose leaves, carnation petals
or Parma violets hiding the cloth be
neath. London borrows this fashion
from Russia, where, all through the
winter, huge boxes of violets are re
ceived from the Rivera, and, strange to
say, the flowers are perfectly fresh and
fragrant, so carefully are they packed.
One of the uses for which balloons may
be employed is the investigation of the
sea bottom. It has been found by aero
nauts that frequently the bottom is clear
ly visible from a balloon through the
water. This fact has recently been made
use of to recover a torpedo boat which
had been lost off Toulon. Not only was
this found, but two others, which had
vanished at an earlier date.
THE CALL CALENDER.
M
Moon'n Phisaft.
3
1
11
©Full Mooa.
Jnly 8
,«-Laet Quarter.
U. Jnly 10.
A New Moon,
W Jnly 18.
.6.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Tlm.es and Heights of HlEh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. JULY 21.
Sun rises 5:03
Sun sets 7:2S
Moon sets 8:45 p. m.
0:
0:i
It
2::
. 3:
6:
5.:
6.<
4.
4.:
6:49
7:21
7:60
5:35
9:16
10:01
10:59
0.
l.;
i.
2.
2.
O.i
1:;
2:
2-<
3.
S:i
4::
o.i
5.2
5.3
».•)
5.6
7:05
7:54
8:47
9:41
10:48
11:56
2.6
2.3
1.9
1.5
1.1
0.7
I
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right .iand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
T'nited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the dep'h given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hyflragraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
' 20. 1898. _
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c »t noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich *~n Mm* p
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located in the Merchant*' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Tsland, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), V. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Arizona ITacoma |
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound]
Crescent City.. [Crescent City
Washtenaw Tacoma
North Fork IHumboldt
Cooa Bay |Newport
Arcata I Coos Bay f
Orizaba ! Humboldt I
Wellington IDepnrture Bay j
Columbia IPortland I
P0m0na. ....'....10an Diego
F"ltoii Portland
Titanta INanalmo (
Leelanaw St. Michael
Tlllamook St. Michael
Humboldt St. Michael
Walla Walla... I Victoria A Puget Sound i
Homer I Newport |
Aztec IChina and Japan I
Chilkat I Humboldt I
Maripnsa [Sydney I
State California! Portland I
Santa Rosa ! San Diego !
ly 21
ly 21
ly 21
ly 21
ly 2:
ly 22
ly 22
ly 23
ly 23
ly 24
ly 24
ly 24
ly 25
ly 25
ly 15
ly 25
ly 26
ly 26
ly 26
ly 26
ly 27
ly 28
ly 28
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Santa Rosa San Diego — July 22, 11 amlPier 11
State of Cal Portland July 22, 10 amjPler 12
Chilkat .... Humboldt .... July 22. 9am,Pierl3
Arcatn. '. Coos- Bay July 24, 10 amlPier 15
Coos Bay...|Newport July 24, 9 ami Pier 11
Queen |Vie & Pgt Sd. July 25. 10 amlPler 9
Orizaba IHumboldt July 2S, 10 amPler 9
Fulton 'Oregon Ports. July 26. Bam I Pier 20
North ForkiHuraboldt |July 26, 9 ami Pier 2
Columbia .. '.Portland IJuly 26. 10 amlPier 12
Pomona |San Diego IJuly 26, 11 ami Pier 11
Gaelic IChlna&JapanlJuly 26, 1 pm'PMSS
Ptarhuck .. (Panama 'July 2S. 12 mIPMSS
Homer 'Newport ! July 28. 9 amlPier 11
Steamer.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July si\
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg. ,
Srmr Signal. Bondegaard, 8 days from Grays
H St r m°r r Chllkat. Anderson. 27 hour, from Eu-
| re Bktn W H Dimond, Nllsen. 24 days from
! "Itmr'sinta Rosa. Alexander. 60% hour, from
l^'E^Si. 20 hours from Bear
H Br b sTmr Bristol. Mclntyre. 84 hours from De-
Seaman. 90 hours from Seattle.
SUM Geo Loomis. Bridget!. 33 hours from
VBV B n ar U k a Harry Morse, Fullerton. 6*4 days from
Se Bktn' Northwest. Lund. 10 days frm Olympia,
U Schr' e Ne ( tS C Sundborg, Johnson. 87 hours fm
F Schr Occidental, Brandt, 56 hours from Coos
B |chr Eliza Miller, Christiansen, 11 days from
P Schr Lucy," Peterson, 6 days from Grays Har
. Schr Mary Buhne. Weber, 6 days from Wll
alchralchr Corinthian. Korth, 36 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
CLEARED.
• ' - Wednesday, July 20.
Haw bark Andrew Welch. . Drew, Honolulu:
Br° bark Auldgirth McConnell. Cape Town;
Eppinger ft-00. d _ 
■•■■-. . , . ■ . Wednesday, July 20.
■St'm'r Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria.
: . Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Eureka:
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro. : • .
6tmr - Mackinaw. Littlefteld. Tacoma.
Schr Spokane." Jamieson. Port Gamble.
-Schr Maid of Orleans, Austin. .
Schr Altair. : Gilbert. •
TELEGRAPHIC.
- POINT ; LOBOS— JuIy 20. 10 p. Weather
fogry; wind SW; velocity 20 miles.
' CHARTERS.
The "; J C. Glade loads mdse for* London and
Luclpara ! mdse : for : Liverpool. ■ . ' . . .
w The Urd : loads lumber on the Sound for
I>elagoa Bay, 80s. . ' .
■ •, - - . ■• : .. ■ . ■:,-'.: ,-' . . SPOKEN. . .; ; x -" :.: -
" July 14—37 68 ! N i 141 23 W. schr Alice Cooke.
from Honolulu i for j San : Francisco.
- yj ?-,; ;;' MISCELLANEOUS.. . .
In the r bay i July 1 20. ; off : Melggs : wharf, "chr
Enterprise, bound ; out mlsstayed and collides
with the Russ bark • Westbury, ; striking: her on
the - starboard -:' side - forward, carrying away
the t: Jlbboom s and. ■ Jtbboom guys, rail on the
forecastle i head, side lights, 1 mlzzen . cr ° 88tr l e r 8 ,'
backstays, cathead, - besides chafing the barK
considerably. - The ; Enterprise » lost * her heaa
gear and i broke the I stock lof her anchor on ; tno ■
bark. ; the pieces of the stock > remaining on \ tne
bark, ■ and received other slight damage. i--_i --_ - ■_■
- LONDON. July 20-Br bark - Gwynedd from
Oregon, arrived . at Durban with loss ;of boats
"^XJiJSSn 8 ," July" 20— Br bark Midas, from Nag
asakl for Oregon,' has . been ; posted as missin*
at Lloyds, v ■. .: . - 
; " MEMORANDUM. - - •
' Per stmr Bristol— On? July 17. four miles B
of Tatoosh Island, passed good-sized raft, hav
ing a water tank and some canvas on boaro.
r . DOMESTIC PORTS. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 20-Schr,Zam
pa. for San Francisco. • '■ _ «A_^rn,ii
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived ~ July ChU
ship Star of Bengal, from Port Angeles.
Sailed July 20— Ger ship Parchlm, for Europe.
TATOOSH -Passed July 20— Ger ship Ferdi-
I nand Fischer, from San Diego forTf . 1 "*-,,.^.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed July 19— Stmr
Greenwood: Br ship Euphrosvne.« ,-_
COOS BAY— July 20— Stmr Arcata, for.
| ' a WHATCOM— Sailed July 20— Schr Chal
; lender, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 20— Stmr Trave,
I from Bremen and Southampton. .•;■:■'
SEATTLE— July 20— Stmr Lakme, rm
St Michael. , _
EVERETT— SaiIed July 20— Schr Sailor Boy.
for San Francisco. '.• ;
OLYMPl A— Arrived July 20— Bark Vldettcfm
San Pedro. ■■ . '- ',
ASTORIA— July 20— Stmr Columbia,
| hence July -18. v
I Sailed July Stmr Oregon. .
| EUREKA— Arrived July 20— Stmr Orlzaba.ho
July 19. .
Sailed July 20— Stmrs Ruth and Hueneme, for
San Francisco. _ ■
SAN PEDRO— July Schr F S Red
field, for Puget Sound; stmr Jewel.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— Arrived July 19— Br Btmr Em
press of India, from Yokohama.
HULL— Arrived July 19— Br ship Primrose
Hill, hence Mar 2.
KOBE— Arrived July 3— Br stmr Alton, from
Victoria.
CARDIFF— SaiIed July 18— Br ship British
Commodore, for Punta Arenas.
FA LMOUTH— SaiIed July 19— Br ship Hornby
Castle, for Dublin: Br ship Ltnllthgowshlre, for
Westport: Br ship Conlshead, for Dublin; Nor
berk Imperator, for Havre.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 20—
stmr Belgric. hence June 18.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived ' July 19— Schr
Golden Shore, from Adelaide, to load for Ka
hulul.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— July 20— Stmr Nordland,
for Antwerp: stmr Germanic, for Liverpool.
Arrived July — Stmr Fulda, from Naples.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 20— Stmr Cata
lonia, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 20— Stmr Saale.
for New York. *"■.... .■■■•
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
kk" '. Steamers leave Broadway
ToMi» wharf. San Krancisco:
. KH^BfeV or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
: |W'?2Bnfe July 25, 30, August 4. 9, 14, 18,
> t& MEnaK^i " 4 > transfer at Seattle.
|^ft3W s»| For Alaskan- ports (from Fol-
BBBsa^g3»l som-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^^nHH August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
land, ' >r.
■ For Victoria, Vancou\'er (B.
C). Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma Everett.
Anacrtes and New Whatcom ("Wash) 10 a.
m July 25, 30, August 4, and eveTy fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry..
at Taooma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m., July
25 31 August 6, and every sixth day thereafter.
For "Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
! Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Ga'vlota' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
■ San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
' Newport. 9 a. m., July 24. 28, August 1, and
! every fourth day thereafter. •: ._?■-. .'__
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
I ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
| m.. July 22. 26, 30. August 3, and every fourth
j day . thereafter.
I For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
1/ Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th of
each month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang»
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an<l hmirs of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
MBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARC Sl2 First Class Including BertH
iHnL S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
! Columbia , July 2, 10, IS. M
: State of California July 6, 14, 22. JO
St. Paul $16 00 1 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 OOlNew York 310*
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. ---':' =
Compagnie Generate Transatlantlqm.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North _-p^yftr
River, foot of Morton ft. Travelers •C'Tftj %>
by this line avoid both transit by ' ■*"■ ■ •
| English railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first . class, $160;
second class; $116.
LA NAVARRE July 23. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE July 30, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Aug. 6. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE Aug. 13. 10 a. m.
I LA NORMANPIE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
I aye., San Francisco.
i
ww^*»v,' ! ! C 35* jjJ LI'CjbEI i&UAH STKW B | j|j|
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
! F. Bismarck.... July 28iF. Bismarck.. August 25
, A. Victoria... August 11|A. Victoria Sept 8
TWIN-SCREW PASSENOER SERVICE
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT
Pret0ria.......... July 9|Phoenlcia. . . ...July 30
Patrta .... "...July 16; Pennsylvania .Aug. i
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway N V
i I J, E^ i°/ > & , CO - Gene^' Agents Pacific? Coast:
401 California St.. cor. Sansome. San Francisco!
■- ■ ■ -■ . -. ~ ~~~ 7
fHFflfiliP Tllr S. S.MARIPOSA
gi 1"1 "™ A a uckl^, "fr^y
■ p^nesday, August 10.
§RSainsnip^ D V ii t co 1 ? LGAR ;
vrilaMW /Smrwhii L>lK. Australia, and
@118311 lh CA PE - TOWN. 'SoutS
' ~ Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents, :
; ' 114 Montgomery st. v
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOB 0. S. RAYY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at.....
9:4 d a. m.. 3:15 p. m. ' (8:30 p. m. ex. Th-Jrs.)
! Fridays... .........1 p. m and 8:30 p. «n.
! Sundays .......... .........in:3o a. m. and 8 p. m.
, Landing and of flees— Dock. Pier 8.
* Telenhone Red 2241.
-DIRE CALAMITY
AS PREDICTED BY
AN OAKLANDER
A Spectacle That Republicans in California
Will Be Spared.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. July 20.
The State Central Committee having
announced that it is ready to take up
the work of the fall campaign, Repub
licans in Alameda County have sud
denly become very active. After next
•day, when the committee meets,
there will be some definite object in
Bight for which to work, and the gn v
eling in the dark regarding primaries,
apportionment and time of the State
convention will be over.
The two rival political camps, headed j
respectively, by W. R. Davis and Dr. I
Fardee, are just now interesting poli
ticians to the almost total exclusion
of all other matters, not exceping even
the Congressional contest. The friends
of Pardee, who have considerably de- ;
creased in number during the past two
months, are straining every nerve to
make a good appearance for their in
dependent candidate. Many of those
who are anxious to be known as Re
publicans and who started out along
the Pardee trail are now deserting that
camp and allying themselves with the
Republican candidate for the first place
on the State ticket. During the past
week one of the most positive proofs
of the trend of popular feeling has been
Shown by the frantic efforts of candi
dates for national and county offices to
disclaim all connection with the guber
natorial fight. Not a candidate can
be found who will frankly admit that
he is making his fight In connection
with Mr. Davis or especially with Mr.
Pardee, if such Candida: expects to go
before a Republican convention. _
Dr. Pardee hates to hear the truth,
and if there be one thing that he hates
more it is the truth about himself. A
few days ago he published a statement
headed "The Mask Off." The natural
presumption would be that after seeing
the heading, it would be followed by a
confession from "the doctor." For
many years the doctor, according to his
own statements, has been hiding under
all kinds of masks, and the reader of
his organ expected to be informed as
to which one of the masks was off. But
euch presumption was followed by
grievous disappointment. Dr. Pardee
says: "Whatever a few stiffen political
Bchemers may do or say the Immense
majority of the Republicans of the
county want an Alameda County can
didate nominated for Governor, and
not only that, but they will support
him ben nominated. They may have
their preferences as to who the candi
date shall be, but they do not say or
mean that if their own candidate be
not selected, they will not vote for the
nominee." For once Dr. Pardee, the
independent candidate, inadvertently
told the truth, and it is a puzzle to
the Republicans why the doctor should
have done so. There is only one little
correction to be made In the quoted
statement. It should read, "the Im
mense majority of the Republicans of
this county want an Alameda County
Republican candidate for Governor,"
then it would have been perfect.
"With Infinitesimal exception," says
Dr. Pardee. in his most recent article
published in his paper regarding him
self, "the friends of either candidate
would support the other if he were
nominate J-by — a Republican - conven
tion." This is very eenerous of Dr.
Pardee to offer his Independent follow
ing to the Repu'. licans, but judged in
the light of the doctor's past record, it
must be very humiliating to himself.
In recent campaigns the doctor has
done everything possible according to
his own speeches to disrupt local Re
publicanism. He has two things to
boast of. and he has boasted of them
often. One Is that he walked out of the
Republican convention and devoted his
energies to electing John Glascock, a
Democrat, for Mayor, and the other is
that he allowed himself to become what
he calls a "selfish political schemer" for
the purpose of securing his own elec
tion as Mayor and beating Tim L. Bar
ker, a life-long Republican and an old
time honored citizen of Oakland.
If this spirit among Dr. Pardee's fol
lowers be changed, and he says in his
article, "there Is probably less of this
feeling at the present time than on al
most any former occasion" — the
"infinitesimal exception" must be Dr.
Pardee himself. This deduction is
borne out by the manner in which Dr.
Pardee through his organ Is besmear
ing, ridiculing and misrepresenting
•-thing done In the interests of the
Republican candidate from this county.
"We know of no advocates of Dr.
Pardee who would refuse to support
Mr. Davis. They have only the friend
liest feeling toward that gentleman,
and the hlrhest opinions of his motives
and ability." says the doctor. If a cow
could laugh It would laugh Itself Into
hysterics at this statement, viewed In
the 'light of the reports of Mr. Davis'
doings and meetings that have ap
peared in Dr. Pardee's paper. If it be
an impression of "friendly feeling." If it
.be a proof of respect to a "eentleman."
If it be a demonstration of "the highest
opinion of his (Mr. Davis') motives and
ability" to treat a man as the Republi
can candidate has been treated In Dr.
Pardee's paper, then it is lime Agnews
and similar places were turned loose,
for the wrong class of people are now
contained within their walls. It would
GRAPE-NTJTS.
WOBKING ON BRAINS.
Food Specialist Brings Out a
Novelty.
A food expert at Battle Creek, Mich.,
connected with the Postum Cereal Co.,
Lim., has produced a food especially
intended for rebuilding the brain. It
is a well known fact among physicians
that examination of perspiration and
urine will tell whether the individual
has been actively using the brain or
not.
Brain work exhausts the phosphates
which appear in the excreta above
mentioned. Administration of inor-
ganic phosphorus or phosphates does
not readily suppl" the waste, for na-
ture demands that phosphates be made
up and blended in food which she fur-
nishes. Advantage has been taken of
this knowledge and a scientific selec-
tion of part of the grain has been
made, and these have been put through
mechanical processes parallel to the
processes through which food is passed
in its management by the human diges-
tive organs. Therefore the .new food
Is not only ready to serve without cook-
ing, but it has passed through the
process where the starches have been
changed to grape-sugar, and that
with the proteids, organic phosphates,
•ef\. are at once ready to be quickly*
absorbed and turned to use in vitaliz-
ing and nourishing the parts of the
body like brain, solar plexus, and the
delicate nerve centers.
The new food has been given the
name of Grape-Nuts, and far from
being a "("'rank's Food," "Invalid 1 !
Food," or anything of that sort, it is
a criep, sweet-novelty charming to the
athlete, brain worker, epicure, or In-
valid.
Grape- Nuts can be had of grocers,
and a trial dish for breakfast will b«
found a pleasant experience.
be interesting for some independent as
pirant for the nomination for Governor
to indulge Alameda County with new
definitions of "friendliest feelings,"
'gentleman" and "highest opinions."
And Dr. Pardee emitter all this ;
meaningless and retroactive jargon and i
dissimulation because the fact was i
printed that factionalism in Alameda
County has frequently defeated an hon- I
est Republican candidate. This fact, j
as Dr. Pardee and all Republicans '
know, is lamentably true, and it has
been caused almost entirely by the bit
terness engendered and the example !
set by Dr. Pardee and others of his
own selfish pattern.
Ten years ago the local Republican
party was split by bolters at the muni- '
convention through the personal
ei.orts of Dr. Pardee. as testified to by
the doctor in his tabernacle speech of
February 16. 1593. Five years ago. Dr.
Pardee, knowing he could not obtain
the Republican nomination, was nomi
nated independently, and prevented the
election of another Republican Mayor.
Three years ago, in his Thomas Hall
speech on March 5. he predicted dire
calamities if the Republican party suc
ceeded.
These are the actions which Dr. Par
uee now condemns, but for which he
alone la responsible.
Now, when the doctor heads a state
ment "The Mask Off," one is inclined
to ask, which mask? Is It the mask of
the creature of the railroad, the water
company and the gang," which Dr.
Pardee declared are the constituent ele
ments of the Republican party? Is it
the mask of "independent politics" or
of the "bolter" or the mask of any
other of the many disguises assumed
by the doctor during the past few
years? These questions he alone can
answer.
A week ago the doctor stated that the
publication of some of his own speeches
was done for the purpose of opposing
him politically and for the further pur
pose of falling into the hands of his
opponent and the railroad company at
the proper time. Since the doctor gave
vent to this expression he has taken
another turn on his political wheel,
and In his notorious "The Mask Off"
article he says "the aim was to kill off
the strongest candidate, or else to
equalize the forces of the two that they
might kill one another." This twist of
the Pardee thinking machine inspires
hope that the doctor may yet become
rational enough to be at least logical,
and those who have the interests of
Republicanism at heart are now confi
dent that within another week \he doc
tor will undergo another revolution and
finally discover that there are not two
Republican candidates in this county.
and consequently one cannot kill off
the other, however much this may be
desired.
But the Independent candidacy of Dr.
Pardee is no loneer taken seriously in
this county. Apparently it is not taken
any more seriously in the rest of the
State, for two days ago the doctor pub
lished nine extracts from newspapers
showing the "trend of thought" in Cal
ifornia — toward Pardee of course. One
was from the Herald of Trade, pub
lished in San Francisco; another from
the Eureka Californian; another from
the Elmhurst Rex-lew; another from
the Eureka Standard, whil the remain
ing- fnur are from papers published in
the city of Alameda, Dr. Pardee In this
instance, unhappily for himself, un
doubtedly told the truth. Had he been
able to refer with pride to the opinions
of the great papers of San Francisco,
Los Angeles, Sacramento, Oakland (ex
cepting his own), Stockton, San Diego,
Santa Cruz. San Jose and other towns
in the State a little larger than Elm
hurst and Eureka, he would have ac
complished something In his own be
half. As it is. his self-effcrt to inflate
his own political balloon has most
beautifully demonstrated the weakness
of a farce. And to offset this and make
the farce more complete. If such a
thing be possible, the friends of the Re
publican candidate are busily circulat
ing extracts highly commendatory of
W. R. Davis, published in Frank
Leach's paper before it was controlled
by Dr. Pardee.
One who has closely followed politi
cal history in this county for the past
few years has compiled a comparative
statement of Dr. Pardee's claims to the
Governorship of this State, and, also,
of the facts tending to show why the
doctor. If he has any Idea of propriety,
should go to Castle Crag and stay there
until after the inauguration of the next
Republican Governor of California. The
statement is as follows:
DB. PAUSE'S CLAIM
ON THE REPUBLI
CAN PARTY.
TEE RECORD 07 A
BOLTS S.
15SJ— Broke up a Re
publican convention
because he could not
have his own way and
be a boss. .
MM — Boomed John
R. Glascock (Dem.) for
Mayor of Oakland.
ISSJ— Secured his own
election as Mayor by
maligning the Repub
lican party and Its
candidate. T. L. Bar
ker.
IS9J— Boasted In pub
lic that h« was not a
Republican and that
the party had seduced
him in the past but
could .Jo so no longer.
ISSS— Boasted In pub-
He meeting of his re
pudiation of every
thing; Republican and
predicting everything
evil if the party were
successful.
lE9*-Kept perfectly
silent during the great
McKinley campaign.
1597 — Imagined the
Republican . party of
California . should
honor him by making
him Governor lor hit
services, and so de
clared. W«B>
IS3S — Acquired the
support of a news
paper to boom himself
and other Independent
candidates.
ISSS — Through his
newspaper maligned
and misrepresented
Alameda County's Re
publican candidate for
Governor.
1698 — Secured fo»
himself the support of
the "gang." the rail
road company and the
"push" to boom him
self for any political
honor that he could
purchase.
With this record there cannot be any
doubt that the Republican party of
I California will at once prostrate itself
! before Oakland's independent candidate
i and pledge itself to support him for
anything he may desire in return for
the consistent, self-sacrificing efforts
he has made on behalf of the great
principles represented by President
McKinley and the administration
which to-day commands the respect of
Uhe entire civilized world, possibly with
the exception of Spain and Dr. Pardee,
who regards the success of the Repub
lican party as a "dire calamity."
The spectacle of Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin. Colonel Stone, Just elected
national president of the Republican
Leagues; General W. H. L. Barnes,
Senator Perkins. George A. Knight and
a few thousand of the other Repub
licans, of whom California is Justly
proud, beseeching an independent can
didate in this Republican year, to con
descend to lead their ticket, would be
really funny. STUART W. BOOTH.
THE SAX FEA^CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JL r LT 21, 1898.
ELI DENISON
NOT WEALTHY
Had Deeded Property to
His Children.
WILL FILED FOR PROBATE
THE ENTIRE ESTATE LEFT TO
THE WIDOW.
His Immense Train Business Was
Incorporated Before His Last
Sickness Came Upon
Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
&0S Broadwa^ July 20.
Senator Eli Denison did not possess
much of an estate outside of his interests
in the news business when he died. This
afternoon his will was filed for probate,
and also the petition of his wife for let
ters of administration.
The will of the deceased Senator was
written in October, eight years ago, and
-■aths the entire estate, valued at
I, to the widow and to his two
brothers, Harry Denison and Joseph L.
Denison. The brothers receive $luvu apiece
arid the balance is to be held by the
widow during her lifetime and afterward
to pass into the possession of the two
daughters and his stepson. The petition
states that the estate consists of stocks,
notes, bonds and real estate of the ap
proximate value of JoO.uoG, but It is be
lieved to be much greater. Aoout three
months ago Senator Denison incorporated
his Immense news and other interests on
the Southern Pacific system and his chil
dren are large Htuckholders with himself.
This properly, it Is believed, ifl not In
cluded in the widow's estimate.
After referring to the legacies to his
brothers the will says: "I do give and
bc<;ueath the whole value of my estate,
both real and personal , unto my beloved
wife, Celia M. Dt-nlswn. and I do request
that she manage the said estate care
fully, using only so much thereof as may
be required for the comfortable mainte
nance of herself and children, and that at
her decease she leave the residue of said
property to our two daughters, Olive and
Lurar.la, and to my stepson, Harvey Slo
per, share and share alike. I make no di
rect provision herein for my two daugh
ters because I have already made pro
vision for them by deed from myself to
each of them."
The will provides that the widow do as
she pleases with the property, and that
6he convert enough into cash at once to
pay the legacies and the expenses of the
Senator's sickness and funeral.
SHE PREPARES TO
ANSWER HER DAUGHTER
PRELIMINARIES IN THE BALD
WIN-BAIRD SUIT.
In Justice to Her Other Children the
Mother Decides to Fight the
Legal Battle to the Bitter
End.
Within ten days, the limitation allowed
by law, Mrs. Veronica C. Baird will file
her answer to the suit brought by her
daughter, Marie Baldwin, wife of Barry
Baldwin Jr., praying: for the return of
stocks valued at $43,000.
The suit, while it cajne as a surprise to
the members of the Balrd family, was
not altogether unexpected. Mrs. Baldwin
had freely discussed the suit with her
brother, John R. Baird. No later than
Tuesday afternoon she promised to delay
the matter, but nevertheless with or !
without her knowledge the suit was filed
that very afternoon.
A peaceful arrangement, provided such
a thing had been possible, would have
pleased Mrs. Baird, who feels keenly the
notoriety thrust upon her. Now. how
ever, there is no chance of a compromise,
Mrs. Baird deciding that In Justice to her
self and her other children the suit must
be fought to the finish.
Mrs. Baird smarts keenly under the
charge brought by her daughter, in which
she alleges that her mother advised her
: to cast off arid abandon her husband.
John R. Baird, in his mother's name.
; took special exception to that clause of
the complaint, and stated that although
his mother had never become reconciled
to Marie's marriage to young Baldwin,
1 still she would never advocate measures
that might prove harmful to her daugh
ter's happiiiL-as.
"Marie lived with us for many months
after her marriage," Mr. Baird explained,
"and although my mother never saw her
husband, Mr. Baldwin visited his wife
continually. Their child was born in our
home, and up to a few days ago Marie
was a constant visitor at the house. She
la a very fitful girl," Mr. Baird continued,
. "and I suppose that the suit was filed by
her while in one of her capricious moods."
John Baird attains his majority within
i three days, and to show his unbounded
| confidence in hlB mother he proposes to
turn over his inheritance to her for safe
keeping.
THE FIRST PILOT.
H. S. Steams of Pawtucket, R. 1., the
first pilot of a ferry boat across San
Franciso Bay, arrived from the East yes
terday. With but one exception this is
the first visit that Mr. Steams has made
to this coast since he left here in 1554.
In ISSO, when the tide of immigration
moved westward, Steams came to this
coast with the machinery necessary to
equip a steam laundry. His route of
travel was over the isthmus and the ma
chinery was packed over the twenty miles
from Aspinwall to Panama on the backs
of mules.
Once arrived in this city he engaged in
a number of enterprises. Lam] was very
cheap and he bought lots in the present
location of Sansome street. A few years
after this he sold his property for a half
interest in the Hector, a steamboat
which was built to ply between San Fran
cisco and a point far up the San Andreas
Creek. A very much scattered popula
tion in the vicinity of Oakland wished
him to stop at that place and make it a
station along his line of travel, but he re
fused. Large tracts of land were offered
htm if he would do this, but at that time
it seemed a useless and foolish thing
to accept the offer, considering the scar
city of settlers where the city of Oakland
now stands.
Soon after he had established his Terry
line competition sprang up and Steams
was forced to the wall. He then moved
to the East, where he has been engaged
In cotton manufacturing.
GAMBLING RUINED HTML
William Gridley Purposely Steals to
Get to San Quentin.
William Gridley was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on a charge of grand lar
ceny in $2000 bonds. He went into the
ievrelry store of Glindemann & Schweit
zer 5 Third street. Monday night, and
stole two gold watches. He was chased
and captured.
Gridley's respectable appearance arous
ed more than usual interest in him. He
was anxious to get out of court for fear
that some one might recognize him. It
turns out that Gridley is not his true
name and that he for years held a re
sponsible position with the Pacific Saw
Manufacturing Company. His passion
for gambling ruined him and he deliber
atetly stole the watches to g<?t sent to
San Quentin.
Seeks a Divorce.
Laura W. Titus filed suit yesterday for
a divorce from Frank F. Titus. The
plaintiff alleges failure to provide as a
cause of action.
Advances mads on furniture and plane*, with
or without removal. J. N'ocnan. 1017-1023 Mission.
MANILA READY
TO SURRENDER
Backbone of Resistance
Broken.
EASY CAPTURE PROBABLE
SHOW OF FORCE ALL THAT
MAY BE NECESSARY.
Moral Effect of Germany's Naval
Display in the Philippines
Encouraging to the City's
Defenders,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 20.—Ac
cording to advices brought by the Em
press of India from Hongkong, the
, chief news of the moment is that Ma
| nila is ready to surrender. Not that
i the Archbishop and captain general
; are going to voluntarily capitulate be
'• fore they are compelled to do so, but
i that the backbone of resistance is un
questionably broken, and upon a real
■ show of force and intention to bom
bard the town If the officials do not
give In, the Spaniards will haul down
I the Spanish flag. Intimations to this
; effect are received from many sources.
The correspondent of the Hongkong
: Press, writing under date of June 23,
says the chief subject of discussion in
Manila, in Cavite and in the American
; fleet is the meaning of the presence of
j five German men-of-war and one
] transport or supply vessel in port. I
have just interviewed a leading Eng
! lishman here on the subject. He un
hesitatingly informed me that all for
eigners in Manila, as well as Spaniards,
regard It as a remarkable demonstra
' tlon.
"I am sure," he continued, "that the
Spaniards have received encourage
ment from such a naval display. A
Spaniard to-day told me that the com
ing of a large German squadron was
construed by him and leading Spanish !
officials as a direct act of friendly in- I
terest and to warn the Yankees that 1
they could not go too far. Now, when
a Spaniard of influence, as this man
was, will talk like that I think It is
high time to ascertain what the Ger- !
mans mean by appearing here in such
force."
"I am familiar," my Informant con
tinued, "with all the German Interests
In Manila, and my relations with the
Germans are very agreeable, and I am
positive that one German cruiser
would be fully able to protect them to
every extent they required."
Further details of the great fight of
May 1 filter through some high officials
of Manila as time passes. It now ap
pears, according to authentic Informa
tion in the hands of Consul Wildman,
that out of 491 men on the Reina Chris
tina, 364 were killed: only 127 left the
ship. An officer who was aboard and
is now In prison tells me that one
could not step a foot In any direction
on her decks without coming into con
; tact with pieces of flesh of dead bodies.
! Such was the power of the Amer
i ican guns and the skill of the Ameri
| can gunners.
Manila papers continue to publish
monstrous stories about the Amerlcnms
and do not hesitate to employ the most
contemptuous epithets, all of which are
whetting the appetites of the Ameri
cans to get even with them for un
called-for Insults.
More seizures of arms are reported
from Hongkong. It Is suspected that
j the arms and ammunition were to be
I shipped to the Philippine insurgents.
; The seizure consist of half a million
rounds of Mauser ammunition, 20*
breech-loading Mauser rifles and 112
muzzle-loading Enfleld rifles.
AGUINALDO FIGHTINfi
FOR ANNEXATION
NEW YORK. July 20.— The Worlds !
Hongkong correspondent sends the fol
: lowing: General Aguinaldo. leaier of
the Philippipne insurgents, is fighting
; for annexation to the United States, j
The Cortes and Basa families and
other families of Influence on the '■
island have been giving money freely
to buy arms for the Insurgents on as- i
surances from the United States Con
. sul here, Mr. Wildman, that they could
trust to the American spirit of Justice, j
SEWING WOMEN TO
ACT IN CONCERT
HOW THEY WILL OVERCOME
CHINESE COMPETITION.
Women's Sewing Association to In
corporate and Maintain a Well-
Equipped Plant.
Preliminary steps were taken at Py
thian Castle last evening for the organi
zation of the American Women's Sewing j
Association, and Mrs. M. E. Squire, Mrs.
Addle L. Ballou. Mrs. Angle Ayres, Mrs.
L. R. Oblinger and Mrs. H. Anselm were
unanimously chosen directors. About 200 ,
working women were in attendance, and i
Mrs. M. E. Squire presided. Mrs. Addle ■
L. Ballou made a few remarks. In which i
she urged the women to act In concert, j
She said she was with the soldier, but i
also with the girl he left behind.
W. W. Allen next spoke. He had en
listed in this work to produce a remedy
for the evil complained of, and also urged
organizing a sowing association. He said
he had submitted the scheme to Labor
Commissioner E. L. Fitzgerald, from
whom he read a letter, in which he did
not favor the Idea of labor purchasing
stock. Mr. Allen said it was the purpose
to Incorporate for $20,000 and issue shares
at $1 each. Labor would not be required
to put up one cent, but could purchase
6tock since this Is a free country. He
also assured the women that he had an
option on a two-story building, and ma
chinery for a plant— rent at $25 per month
and machines at $17 each: that it was the
purpose of the proposed association to
manufacture articles and place them on
the market, giving the laborers 70 per
cent and the asociation 30 per cent of the
profits. The Columbia Banking Company
would act as treasurer. Major Long had
assured him there would be no more
work let to Chinese employers.
The aforementioned directors were then
chosen, and these will meet to-morrow
evening in Mr. Allen's office in the Par
rott building for the purpose of perma
nently organizing. The ladles will have an
advisory council of gentlemen.
During the evening Mrs. Naomi Ander
son, a woman of color, wanted to know
whether her race was to be excluded.
Mr. Allen assured her If this were the
case he would henceforth withhold his
counsel. Japanese, however, will not be
admitted.
Wants Damages for Injuries.
John C. Tormey filed suit yesterday
against the Sutro Railroad Company to
recover $20,000 in damages for personal
Injuries. The plaintiff was thrown from
one of the defendant corporation's cars
on July XL, 1596, and bo severely Injured
that the amputation of both legs was
necessary.
BOLDLY WINKED
AT HIS HONOR
THE GRAVE ERROR COMMITTED
BY PRETTY MRS. CARISON.
She Pleaded With Her Eyes, but
Stern Judge Conlan Says She
Must Be Punished.
A comely little woman with black hair
and a hesitating eye had the temerity to
attempt to make a "mash" on Judge Con
lan yesterday, and now she la sorry thai
she did It
She is Mrs. Nellie Carlson, the wife of
a longshoreman living on Langton street,
and she was charged by her husband with
being a "common drunk." She is the
mother of five children, the youngest be
ing only eight months old.
The case came up for hearing yester
day morning, and while her husband was
testifying Mrs. Carlson took a seat close
beside him. The Judge wheeled rounu
on his chair and faced husband and wife.
Carlson testified that his wife had been
a slave to drink for four or five years
and neglected her children.
Mrs. Carlson deliberately winked at the
Judge, to the amusement of those who
witnessed it. The Judge was amazed,
but thinking the wink might be intended
tot some one else he looked arouna. ;
There was no one behind him, and as ho '
again faced Mrs. Carlson she again de- i
liberately winked her eye and said in a
loud whisper: "Don't believe him, Judge
dear."
The Judge's brow flushed with anger,
and as he glanced around and saw the
amused smiles on the faces of those near
Mrs. Carlson he sternly said: "Take that
woman downstairs to the prison. I will i
remand her until to-morrow without bail, !
when she will appear for sentence."
The Judge had not recovered from the
shock to his dignity after the court ad
journed. "The impertinence of the
woman," he said, "to deliberately wink at
me twice. Such a thing never occurred
to me before in my court. I will teacta
her a lesson to-morrow morning. I could
not believe my eyea at first, but when
she repeated the wink there was no mis
taking that she meant me."
Mrs. Carlson was seen in her ce.ll- and
laughed when asked why she had/ so fai
forgotten herself as to wink at the Judge.
"I didn't know he was the Judge," she
said, "and he seemed such a pleasant
gentleman that I couldn't help it. What
harm was there in It. anyway? I am
sorry if he feels hurt about it.
"My husband had no right to say what
;he did. I have been a good mother to his
children and never took more than n
glass or two of beer, which he is fond
of himself. I have been in prison nearly
j two days now. and I think it is punish
1 ment enough."
PRIVATE INSURANCE
EXEMPT FROM TAX
Apropos of the recently passed stamp
tax laws Collector Lynch has dug up an
old decision made June 16, 1863, which in
every particular fits the new law. It is
as follows:
Under Schedule C of the excise law. medi
cines or preparations made and sold, or re
moved and sold, wherever the person making
or preparing the same has, or claims to have,
any private formula or occult art for making
or preparing the same, or has or claims to
have, any exclusive right or title to making
or preparing them, or which are recommended
or held out to the public by the makers, ven
dors or proprietors, as proprietary medicines,
or as remedies or specifics for disease, are sub
ject to stamp duties.
By the 107 th section It is provided that the
act shall not apply to any compounded me
dicinal drug or chemical, nor to any medi
cines compounded according to the United
States or national pharmacopla, nor of
which the full and proper formula is published
In either of the dispensatories, formularies or
text books In common use among physicians
and apothecaries, nor in any pharmaceutical
Journal now used by any incorporated college
of pharmacy and not sold or offered for sale or
advertised under any other name, form or
guise than that under which they may be sev
erally denominated and laid down in said
pharmacopias, dispensatories, text books or
Journals.
The intention of the act of Congress is plain.
It is to subject to stamp duty every kind of
preparation made and sold as medicinal, and
claimed by the maker or vendor to be propri
etary, or recommended as possessing peculiar
virtues Imparted in the manufacture by the
secret art or occult formula of the manufac
turer; and it is to exempt from duty all medi
cines known in trade, or compounded accord-
Ing to some published formula, or any me
dicinal treatise, recognized by the professors
of medical science, and not offered for sale un
der any guise or pretence of proprietorship.
It matters not, therefore, what the commo
dity may be. substance or essence, that is pre
pared and removed for sale. If it Is claimed or
pretended to be a compound of which the for
mula is secret, or which the right of making
is the exclusive property of one or more per
sons. Though it be only bread rolled Into
pills, or rain water imprisoned In little vials
and to be taken in drops, the claim or pre
tense of the vendor determines its character.
It cannot be treated as medicines for the cus
tomer and bread and water only for the tax
collector. The dealer must be taken for what
he professes to be, and If he seeks profit by
deluding the public he must pay for hie privi
lege like an honest man. The assumption
must be taken for the fact, and when that of
a proprietary right or secret art or knowledge
clearly appears, no Inquiry as to the composi
tion of the drug will be pertinent or proper. If
the packet, box, pot, vial or other enclosure is
not stamped the penalties of the act are In
curred and ought to be enforced.
Among other recent decisions is one
affecting mutual benefit Insurance com
panies, which provides that purely co
operative or mutual fire Insurance com
panies, carried on solely by members for
their protection and not for profit, are ex
empt. Whenever the business of the as
sociation or company goes beyond the
point of protection it is liable to taxation
at the rate provided by law. Co-operative
building and loan associations are not ex
empt from any tax except upon their
stock and bonds.
Stamps may be affixed to the books of
underwriters representing the tax on
premiums charged on marine Insurance.
Wines bottled for aging purposes must
be stamped at the time of bottling as
wine bottled for sale.
Statements in the form of goods im
ported by mail are subject to stamp tax
as regular entries. The tax is required
on original entries at the Custom-house
but not on duplicates.
CUTTING RATES ON
CALIFORNIA WINES
The freight war between the steamer
lines to New York. and the railroads has
not abated a jot. The Pacific Mail has
made a further reduction on wine tariffs,
and back of this recent lowering of
freight charges on wine to 36 cents per
hundred pounds is a commercial accident
which will cost several of the large wine
establishments several extra thousand
dollars for freightage.
A few days ago the sailing vessel Roan
oke, belonging to John Rosenfeld's Sons,
left San Francisco for Ne.w York laden '
with 3200 tons of wine. The freight rate
on the clipper line is 45 cents. Hardly !
had the sails been unfurled when the Pa- j
cine Mail reduced its rate from 45 cents
to 36 cents. The clipper line's route is
around the Horn, and the Pacific Mail by
way of Panama. Not only would the
time of shipment have been lessened by
many days but the saving on freight |
charges would have been very considera- j
ble. The aggregate saving would have j
amounted to at least $22,464. The heaviest i
loser is the California Wine Association. !
Lachman & Jacobi are second on the list,
and the California Wlnemakers' Corpora
tion comes a close third.
There has been a general reduction
made by the Pacific Mail within the last
few month 6. The former rail rates on '
wine were 75 cents, by way of Panama 65 :
cents and by the clipper line 45 cents.
Then the Panama lines reduced to 45
cents and the Southern Pacific followed
in the wake. The clipper lines clung to
the 45 cent rate, and now the Pacific Mall
has made another inroad, the present 36
cent tariff. This rate applies to all ship
ments, no matter what siae, materially
affecting the small shippers, who now
have an opportunity to compete with the
big wine establishments since the discrep
ancy between the rates for large and
small shipments has been removed. There
have been other reductions made by the
Pacific Mall steamship line. The tariff
on borax has been lowered from 40 cents ■
to 36 cents; rubber Junks from 50 cents to ;
45 cents, and rags from 60 cents to 45 .
cents.
To meet this reduction on these several
commodities the Southern Pacific will also
be forced to lower its tariff rates. The
clipper line will be in the same position,
and general reductions may be expected.
CAMP MERRITT IS
IN BAD CONDITION
DECLABED A PUBLIC NUISANCE I
BY THE HEALTH BOARD.
Health Officer Oallwey Says That
There Is Great Danger of Its
Spreading Infectious
Diseases.
Camp Merritt ha« been condemned as
a nuisance by the Board of Health. This
action was taken yesterday after a re
port prepared by Health Officer Gallwey
had been read to the members of the
board. It was conclusively shown by the i
report that the camp was In poor sanl- ,
tary condition, and that unless it was ,
| removed there was danger of the spread j
of infectious diseases. The United States ;
Government officials arrived at the same i
conclusion a few days ago, and steps
were at once taken to remove the volun- i
| teer Boldiers to the Presidio. Dr. Gall- j
I wey was instructed to notify the owners '.
jof the property now occupied by the !
• troops to abate the nuisance as soon as
| the soldiers leave the camp.
Dr. G. E. Sussdorff . Resident Physician j
I of the City and County Hospital, filed a .
i report, asking that an isolated one-story |
ward of twelve rooms be built on the hos- |
i pital grounds to accommodate those suf
; ferine from measles, diphtheria, scarlet
■ fever and other contagious diseases. The
ward can be constructed for $1200. and it
is badly needed, as at present there is no
provision made for the accommodation of
6uch cases.
Complaint was made that insane pa
tients were being sent from the Receiv
! ing Hospital to the City and County Hos
! pital, and Secretary Godchaux was in
! structed to notify the proper officials that
' the only place for Insane patients was in
the insane ward attached to the Receiv
; ing Hospital.
Professor Frank T. Green was appoint
! Ed chemist of the Health Office during
the Illness of Professor Wenzell, who has
been unable through sickness to attend
to his duties for some time past.
A communication from Auditor Broder
ick. asking by what authority of law the
Health Board spent $600 for office fixtures,
was referred to the legal adviser of the
board.
The committee appointed to investigate
the charges made that Quarantine Officer
Chalmers was using his office to secure
] private practice asked lor and was grant
ed further time to report.
The board then adjourned, after In
structing Chemist Green to analyze the
I water furnished the city, and make a re
; port as to its condition.
Organize a Bepublican Club.
The Union Republican Club was organ
ised last night. The following officers
were elected:
President, John Q. Adams; first vlre
president. R. D. Duke; second \ice prefl
otnt. James Relnfeld; secretary, wa'ler
A. Coifve: financial secretary. Homer C.
Warn; treasurer. C. D. Trask; 3er?ennt
at arms, J. H. Coombs; executive comm.t
tft«,—Maurlcr L. Asher (chairman), Wil
liam J. Sharp, John O. Vanni. D. J. Ben
lamln. Jasper Secche, Edward Shay, ri.
H. A3ams: finance committee— Dr. B. F.
rieming (chairman), J. A. Haderl?. Sam
uc! Eainan. J. J. Sweeney, Roland R.
Hollcnhtck entertainment com:nitie-_—
A. "W Stokes (chairman), E. H. Coftoe,
F.dward Kaiser, J. H. Burke. Charles
Nolan, Kdward Aitken.
To foreclose a Mortgage.
The Hlbernia Savings and Loan Soci
ety filed suit yesterday against John L>.
Boone, his wife, Annie L. Boone, Joseph
Nash and R. L. Mattingly to foreclose a
mortgage of $5000 on two lots at Twenty
first and Jessie streets.
Mrs. Popp's Complaint.
Mm. J. Popp filed suit yesterday against
her husband, Charles W. Popp. for a di
vorce. Mrs. Popp alleges that her hus
! band has failed to provide her with the
'-. common necessities of life and she asks
j for a decree on that ground.
A Tl VTi'R.TTST'.'MTi'.'Krfr^
BOSTON ANDILASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners, Will Dispatch the Following Steam-
ers ■ for "
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVER
-POINTS. Via ;
DUTCH HARBOR. NEW BOSTON AND ST.
MICHAEL:
ItlSship LAURADA, *
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY »
IffisHiP SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY SO.
Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with th«
company's fleet of .-■ .
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES,
Colonel McNaught, Governor Pingree, Philip B. i
Low, A. E. Fay, B. B. Glasscock, Michigan,
Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns and operates, Its - ocean steamships and
: fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
i in service on the Yukon River. .
■ . Special accommodations for ladies. I
' ' Electric . lights, steam heat, best meals, best
I berths, best time. .-
For freight and '. passenger rates apply
■ -■••. -...- H. M. HAINKS.
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent,
20 Montgomery St., San Francisco. CaL !
A. E. CROXEXWETT.
General Traffic Manager, Seattle, Wash.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABXT ST. Established
i In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. | Debility or
I disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doc tor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low. .
|('arr*cnarantrrd. Callorwrite. ,
Dr. J. W. <UIBBON, Box 1957, 5 an Francisco.
BAILEOAD TBAVZL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars .
Ran on the Following Time
Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
I Arrive Denver.... 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
; Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
i Arrive St. Louis ....6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
ArriTe Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS ;
Serve Superior Meals 'at Very Reason-
able Rates.
i YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
-If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
ill FBAMCISCO TICKET OFFICE— B2! MARKET ST.
". . . TELEPHONE MAIN 15M. '
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
■ Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
£ Via Sausalito Ferry. ,. :~: ~ -.
From San Francisco, ; commencing May L lisa.
;■:.-■- . WEEK DAYS. :~^ i T7T,
'-'■ For Mill Valley - and San Rafael— *l M,
•8:30, 11:00 a. m.; al:«S,a l:«S, i:2O. 4:00. 8:14, •»:«),
«:J0 p. m. ••■ ':. - : -■■■,■■.' ■■■/-,■■■■.,
Extra trips tor Ban Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:31 j
p. m. ■••■•.-.■ ' -■■•-■-■ ---^.: -: - ■•-•.. . . •• . .
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »S:oo, •*:<»,
•10:00.' 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. «1:«. "2:*). •i.OO,
1:30, 6:45 p. m. ...-.:;:: ■-:■:- •:;.- ?;'; = -,:/"; i
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
: 1:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns. |
. 1:10 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero . and way sta na. >,
I 1:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.) — Tomales and
j-*»^-way stations. ;■■■%%-;. ;..^--.. ■:-■;.. ..-.■: "- . -■
j 1:00 a. m. — Casadsro and way etatioos.
i 1:46 p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way sta as.
AUCTION SALES.
WITHOUT RESERVE;
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOK.S!
THIS EVENING, AT 8 O'CLOCK.
CONTINUATIOIf OP CLOSING-OUT SALE Of
I. 0. 0. T. LIBRARY
Consisting of 10.000 Volumes Standard
Literature.
Also Fittings, Furniture and Miscellaneous
. - ' Effects.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
On view after 9 o'clock a. m.
FORCED SALE
g» — * T — A*
310 GOLDEN GATE AYE.
5ATURDAY.. ...... ......JULY 23, at 11 O'Clock
AT AUCTION!
We will sell contents of the Avenue Stable.
consisting- of M head of Horses, Buggies, Car-
riages, Rockaways, Single and Double Har-
ness. Saddles, etc.. being everything used In a
first-class livery stable.
No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Office 327 Sixth St.. Live Stock Auctioneers.
BATLBOAD TEAVEIi.
Titi'.;t> t-Atint cosirAsnr.
(PACIFIC KIIWI
| Tralai l*mi- nail nr«*'«lut> to arrive »i
WAS I'lMMiyn,
(Main Li:*, Foot of Market Street.)
csavs — Pkoic July 10. 1833. — abbiv«
•0:OOa Niies, Sau Jose and Way Stations... *Si43a
7:O0a Benida. SuUnn »nd Sacramento.... 10:45*
7:ooa Mirx6»ille, OrofUleaud Redding t1» - ■
Wuouland 8:43?
7:W»a Elmira, VacaTiile and Ramsey S:4sp
7:30 a ilirtinez, San Ramon. Yallejo, Kapa,
. CalL>to;a »ad Santa Rosa «il3r
S:OO* AtiaulicKiprese, O|SM and Kast.. *<*3p
»i:ii»a Sun J.ac, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone. Sacramento, Marjstille,
Chico. Tehama and Re.l 81uff....- «tl»*
H:3o\ Peters, Oakdi!e and Jamestown. . . . 7:15r
*.tt3*A Milton *7tl»P
»:<»«» New Orleans Kipresi. Meroed. Kres-
■>:i, iiakenlici.l, Santa K^rbara,
1.->3 An<r)es, Deminc. El I'aso,
New Oriean.* and K.ust »t43p
10:904. VaUrjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7>45r
'lift* I flssisiiiiiiitii EUverStaaaMH 'iiMp
Ban Jose, Mies ami Way Stations... 19:13.*.
2:00p Livenuore, Mesdou, Uanford and '
Visalla..... 4:13*
LiTermore. Ban Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations Jl»sl3a
4:OOr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Nap*. Caliitoca, Xl Terano aud
-Santa Itosa •ilS*
4:oop ßenid'a. VacaTflle, Woodland, .
Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oro-
»ille and Haeramento 10:4.1 a
4:30? Nlles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7il»»
4:30p Stockton and Lodi l*:lsp
4:30r Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,'
MnjiTe, Bauta Barbara and l.oa
Aiik«l«s 7i43a
4:SOp Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno. 12:13*
4i«Or Santa. Fa Route. Atlantic press
for Mojava ami Kaat •t4»p
«i«»p r.uroi-f»n Mail, Ogdeu and Kut 9:43 a
•0:0 Op Vallejo.. l»:l!lP
6i»»p H»j>:u.!». Xilr«».:d .lone ":43a
! J7:©«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions. t»:43p
•tOOp Oregon i:x|>reas.S»cmiieiito, Marys-
Tille, lEr.».lii> -. Portlmul, I'uget
.Soimil awl 8:13*.
SAX LKASHKu AM) IiAVWAHDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
•1 Jlelrosf. Seminarjr Park, f 7:13 a
8:00*. Kitfhhurs, Klmliur«t, I «! 9: 13»
in«« San 1,rai..1r.».50,,.h s»« ,Vj? a
! «i;oStl I*»n.lro.V ; i}™#
; :iJ:<iom f Lorenzo. Cherry ' tl:4Sp
i!l:0i)p «ad ; JS:!. 1 *?
3i«up Hajirardx. (S:43p
7>oop ! < Runs through to NUes. ~:43p
J t From Kiles. [ _j.
COAST IHVInION i>'arroiT Usage).
(Foot cl Market Street.)
17:43 a Sarta Omz Exccreton, Santa Cms
and Prindpal Way Stations ....... J B»©Sp
8: 1 3a Newark. '.' en terrille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruzand Way
Stations »*s4>p
*«il3r Kewark. CecterTiUe, San Jcse, New
Alm&den. Feltcn, Boulder Creek,
Banta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations. :... *l*tßO\
4:13p Ban Jr.se. Glenwood k Way Stations 9i2Oa
q4:l3p Boulder Creek and SapU Cruz jD:»<»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. -
i rr«*m raiXCISCO— Feel of Mtrkc; Street (Slip 3)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. JltfO ♦2:53 t3:00
•i:C3 .; 45:33 ■ *6:C3r.11.
fr»mOilUl»— FotttfßroidwiT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
1 18:00 .-■. •1:33 t2:33 ;3::3; 3::3 ;tt:33, ."8:03p.m..
COAST IMVIsMtN (Broad (i"«B>re). -.-^.-v
(Third and Townsmd Sti.) "
•7:00* Ban Jose ami Way .StatiniM (New -
Alruadeit Wednesdays only) li3Op ,
{ J7:S»a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose, -
Santa Cruz, Pacific Groie and
Principal Way Stations }S:S3p
■:••* Han Jose. Tres Vinos, Banta Cruz,
Pacilic Grofe. l'uo Rubles. b'au
Luis f)l)isi«i, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
1 9t4d* Sau Jose ami Way Stations # »:O«a
I1:3Oa San Jose aud Way Stations *8:35*
*2:43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose.
Gflroy, Hoilister. . Santa Cm/,
Salinas,: Monterey and Pacilic
Grote...;. '10:364
•3:30 San Jose and Way Stations »»:«Oa
•1:1. San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•5:00 San Jose and Principal Way Stations - 6:33*
3:30p San Joae and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
8:3 Op San Jose act! Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. . P or Afternoon.
• Sundays eieepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only
t Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
UK FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
ttlmraa F«rfS. B**t «X Mark** 8%
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU „
: WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. in.; 13:15."
»:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
' at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— B:OO, 1:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. I'M.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ,
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO. "
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
j 3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:35 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
E:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between tan Francisco and Scbuetsen Par*
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
: San Francisco. In Effect Sac Francisco.
. ■ j June 29, *
i Week I Sun- ISSS. Sue- j Week
' Days. I days. Destination, days. j Days.
• 7:30 am, 5:00 am, Novatc, 10:40 am 8:49 am
2:30 pmj 8:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pro, 5:00 pm; Santa Rosa. f 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
i f~ : I Fulton. f
: 7:20 am Windsor, 10:25 am
■■ •-.'■." ' Healdsburs,
" " • Lytton,
Geyserville.
; 1:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. ) 7:35 pm| 6:« pm
! 7:30 am [Bop land and . 10:23 am
. »:30 pm S:00 ami Uklah. ) 7:35 pm 6:?? pro
T M am t- - ; .-/--•- 10:25 am
8:00 ami Guemeville. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm| ■ 1 - - I ■ I 6:22 pa
7:30 am' 8:00 ami Sonoma ' ,10:40 am »:*u am -
1 I and i , '
8:10 pmjf_s pm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
7:3o"am| 8:00 ami Sebastopol. [10:40 am 1 10:25 am
: 8:30 pm! 5:00 pm! ) 7:35 pm| 6:g pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal* toe
the Geysers; at HcpUnd for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay,'. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter -Valley. John Day's. River-
side. Llerley's, BuckneH"*, Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullville, : BoonevlHe, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, West port. . Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets -at
reduced rates. -
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael . at half rates.
- Ticket Office*. 850 Market "st., Chronicl* bid*.
! A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pre*. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
. From June. 1, iSSs. trains will run as follows:.
South-bound. North-bound. '
Passen- Mixed, ... Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Bta- Sunday r ger. :■
Daily.. Exempted tions. Exempted 'Dally.
7:10 a m 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 p m
i 9:10 a m 12:50 p m - Merced : 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
' 10:40 a m 8:50 p m ?-• Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
' 11:35 a m 6:15 p m Hanfurd j 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
2:45 p m U;6O p m B'krsfld f 2:SO a m 10:15 a m
1 12:05. p m 1:60 p m Visalia | 6:40 a mtU:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points : as required.
Connections — At Stockton . with steamboats ot
; California Navigation . and Improvement > Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at (
p. m. dally, Jat ■ Merced with stages ■ to and
from ■-- BnelHngs. - Coulterville, Yosemite, etc .
also with stage from Hornltos. Maripo<a. etc, :
I at Lankerahim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAIf ALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. |
(Via Saiisam- Ferry.)
' Leave ' San Francisco, ; commencing May ]_
.1888:: - - .- : . ;.-,._•-.....-.. - ..... ■ .;*tsW&'
Week Days— B:Bo a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m. -
Sundays— B:o" 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
1:10 p. m. '*". '....■■-,'- ■-" ■ .'■-. ■. .
Round trip from Mill Valley, C • -
- THO9. COOK ft SON, Agents, 631 ' Market
i Street, San "EVandaeo. /I
910
THE TRAGEDY
OF MELROSE
INVESTIGATED
Eye-Witnesses Tell What Led
to the Awful Act of Dong
Chang.
Would Have Left the Magazine Had He Been
Given an Opportunity— His Promise
and Threat.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 20.— Free |
from all the excitement that nat- j
urally follows a catastrophe such as the j
explosion of yesterday, and, of coursu, j
under oath, several of those conversant
with the details told their stories at the i
Coroner's Inquest to-night
The officials of the fuse works, espe
cially the secretary, gave interesting nar
ratives and with much detail told for tho
first time the conversation held with the
murderous Chinese by the boss of his
tong on the evening preceding the trag
edy. From his story it would appear that
all would have been well had the depu
ties kept outside the works, but othei
evidence made It clear that a minute b»
fore the explosion the Chinaman had
agreed to surrender.
From the questions asked the witnesses
It was very evident that some of the Jur
ors thought the company was not suffi
ciently careful in its methods, and that
t^o much powder was stored in the maga-
Ktne for the safety of the neighborhood.
The first witness was Deputy Sheriff ai
V\"hito. who wont to the fuse works on
Monday afternoon as soon as it wa»
known that Gong Chung had attempted to
kill another Chinese.
"After mv arrival I talked with Mr.
Pringle. the superintendent," said the wit
ness, "and introduced him to my fathei.
DEPUTY SHERIFF ED WHITE, a Brother of
One of the Victims, Whose Escape From
Death Was a Miracle.
the Sheriff. At that time all I could see
jf the Chinese was his head through a
hole In the powder magazine. Mr. Prtn
rle said, to the best of my recollection,
is twenty tons of black powder In
the magazine.' My father said that It
there were that amount there It would be
useless to attempt to take him out by |
force. I talked with my father and we j
agreed that we should have to wait until
the Chinaman came out, or until he waa !
starved out. The owner of the wnrhu •
came up and passed Into the fence. Some '
soldiers were there, and Captain Baldwin, i
on my advice, did not permit them to g«
In, as we saw the open door barricaded
with scores of kegs or powder. Mr. Pit
man asked the Chinaman to come out ,
and the reply was, "I come out in a couple i
of days, but not before.' A Chinese boss
came to the works and had a conversSa- j
tion with the man in the magazine and !
offered him a $10 bill.
"I then asked Mr. Pitman what would
be the result if the Chinese fired the pow
der, and he said It might blow off the
roof, but he did not think It would kill
anybody on the outside. We then with
drew some distance, hoping that the i
Chinaman would come out as the boss
had advised him to do. He did not como
out, and darkness settled down and we i
remained a little distance off until 10
o'clock. At that time I went out of the
yard and went to some boys who were :
there making a noise and they went j
away. We wanted to keep everything :
quiet, so that the Chinaman would think
we had all gone home. I remained there
till about 10 o'clock with Constable Koch, j
At that time my brother Ed and Mr.
Lerri arrived and a little later my broth- i
or Charles, George Woodsum and Fred
Sherrott. Mr. Cameron was also there. \
I explained to the newcomers what we ;
had done. Charlrs said: "Ed, If this
Is as dangerous as you say it Is, it will j
not be a very dangerous job to lose this ;
Chinaman.' and I said. 'Don't lose him
In any event,' I said to Charlie and George :
that they were married and they should
not take any risk, and Charlie said he
guessed he could go anywhere that I
could. We then exchanged rifles. I told j
Koch, who had elected to stay, that he i
was to see that no one attempted to take i
the Chinaman, but wait till he came out. j
"In the evening about 7 o'clock Chung I
asked for a drink and It was taken to him j
by a Chinaman. I refused to allow it to
be doped. Mr. Pitman drew the water >
from a faucet and a Chinaman took It to j
tfie magazine. Chung did not swallow a '
drop, but merely took It in his mouth and !
spat It out. After placing the men as best
I could I bade good-night to my brother i
and went home. '
Fred Sherrott, a route owner of The
Call, who went out at the Invitation of
Charlie White, was the next witness. He I
took up the thread of the narrative where
It was left off by Al White.
"We went at daybreak to have some
coffee at a house across the street," said ,
he. "After that I heard the Chinaman i
say to Charlie White. 'Well, I surrender.'
Charlie White said, 'All right, we won't
hurt you. The man you cut up yesterday-
Is not badly hurt and will recover.' 'All
light.' said the Chinaman. '1 come out.'
"'Ed White and I crept around the fence
to the railroad track ready to catch the
Chinaman if ho should get past Charlie
White. As we were going along the ex
plosion occurred and I was carried along '
with the force and thrown to the ground, j
1 have Bince been to the scene and find
that 1 was about 200 feet from the maga
zine at the time of the explosion. Just
before the explosion I saw Lerri near the i
d<">or of the magazine, and he might have I
fmßhed It, but he could not have budged !
t because of the powder cans stored I
there. lT
Henry F. Prlngle, superintendent of
the fuse works, who has been twenty
years employel by the company, told of ;
the duties of the Chinaman, Chung.
"The Chinaman has been with us nine
years," said Mr. Pringle, "and was a
careful man. I heard two shots on Mon
day afternoon, and I found out that two
Chinese were fighting. I at once closed j
down the works. I then saw a Chinaman |
in the magazine and knew who it was by
hl.s voice. Mr. Pitman quickly came over
from San Francisco, und we went to talk
to the Chinaman. When about forty feet
from the door I spoke, and we asked him
to come out. He would not, and said,
'Two or three days," and we left him. Ah
Puck, the boss, came from San Francisco
and he talked in Chinese. Puck said the i
Chinaman would not come out, as he had '
no money. He said all the men in the ;
yard were making trouble, and all he |
wanted was a show to get over the !
fence, and he would not make trouble
for the works. Puck then went to tho
magazine and gave the Chinaman some i
money. He told us that it would be a i
good thing to let him alone, as Chung
would walk out before long. This was j
Puck's report, and it was told to Mr.
Pitman and also to the officers.
"I told the Sheriff I did not know what
would be the effect if the magazine ex- j
ploded. I do not know how much pow- j
der was in the magazine, but I think
there might have been 200 twenty-five- \
pound cans, but no more. It was all
black military powder, but there was no
dynamite."
Secretary Pitman told of the fight that
led up to the Chinaman taking refuge in
the magazine.
"I went to the works as soon as I
heard of the affair," he said, "and made
him all kinds of inducements to come out.
I went with Ah Puck to give him some
money, but the Chinaman in the maga
zine advised me that it was not healthy
for me to go too close, and I took his
advice and Ah Puck took the money.
Chung had stated that he would not come
out for three days, and if at the end of
that time he could not escape he would
commit suicide. He said that the depu
ties must all leave. I should have gfVen
him all the food and water he wanted
to get on the right side of him. I prom
ised him that if he would come out I
would get him a lawyer, would let him
keep his gun and he and I would get into
a buggy and drive off and I would help
him to defend himself against the depu
ties. He at first said he would agree to
this, but later he weakened. I had been
informed by Puck that he would be
turned over to the authorities five min
utes after he arrived in San Francisco.
1 tried to get near him. but when I did
bo he pointed a revolver at me and I
withdrew. He said that if any officer ap
proached him he would at once blow up
the magazine. We gave him to under
stand that he would be given a chance
to escape off our property at least.
"We parleyed through the Interpreter
for half an hour and then we all went
away. I pointed out to one of the depu
ties how the Chinaman would get over
the fence and then the deputies coulu
do as they pleased. This was the con
dition at 8 o clock when I left the scene.
The understanding was that our prem
ises were to be free of all deputies ex
cept one.
I do not know how much powder was
stored in the premises. We never bought
powder in car loads and never had more
than 500 kegs in the premises. It was all
black powder and if a spark reached it
It would at once explode. We were in
need of powder at the time, as our stocK
was low and a consignment was on the
track but not unloaded."
In answer to questions, Mr. Pitman
said he was convinced that the Chinaman
would have come out if given a chance
to escape, and that if any attempt wera
made to take him he would most cer
tainly fire the magazine.
Harry Wilson, who lived near the maga
zine, said he heard the Chinaman's voice,
saying to the deputies, "Go away; I see
you; I blow you all up." He was badly
cut up and was so nervous that he could
hardly control himself.
Juror Mack asked Mr. Pringle some
questions regarding the taking of stock
and the amount of powder used each
day, and stated that on the Ist of this
month there must have been over six tons
of powder on hand. With a discussion on
the methods of the company in allowing
the Chinaman to have free access to the
magazine, the evidence closed.
OAKLAND. July 20.— The jury was out
about half an hour, but could reach no
conclusion satisfactory to all. They de
cided It would be necessary to view the
scene and will go out to Sather to-morrow
morning.
FUNERAL PREPARATIONS.
Much Difficulty Experienced in Pos
itively Identifying Woodsum.
The scene of yesterday's explosion was
visited by thousands of people to-day
and many of these engaged In searching
for fragments of human bodies. Several
small portions of the victims were found
and all have been taken to the Morgue
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
and, although it is positively known that
there were eight victims in all, nothing
has yet been learned regarding the Iden
tity of the one whose death is only
proven by the discovery of the right ear.
Some difficulty Is being experienced by
the relatives of George Woodsum and
Charles White, and also J. J. Lerrl. in
procuring enough evidence to positively
identify their remains sufficiently for the
purpose of obtaining their Insurance
money. Woodsum was a member of the
Odd Fellows and Woodmen of the
World, and the presence of Dr. J. A. Hut
ton of Berkeley will be necessary to de
termine whether certain teeth found
filled with gold were the teeth that he
filled for Woodsum 6ome months ago.
This afternoon the Courthouse officials
met in Judge Hall's courtroom to make
arrangements for attending the funeral
of the Sheriff's officers, which will take
place Friday afternoon. Carlton J.
Greene, J. J. Hannifin and O. M. Sanford
were appointed a committee to draw up
suitable resolutions, and another com
mittee, composed of Henry P. Dalton, J,
B. Barber and Assemblyman Leavltt,
were appointed to procure a floral piece
and also to decorate the church where
the ceremonies will be held. On Friday
afternoon all deputies and officials that
can leave their offices will meet ct 1:30
at the Courthouse to march to the church.
Until after the funeral all the flags In
the city will remain at half-mast.
The funeral will take place from the
First Congregational Church at 2 o'clock
Friday afternoon. A double quartet
under A. M. Benhara's direction will fur
nish the music for the occasion. Rev. C.
R. Brown. Rev. E. S. Chapman, Rev. E.
R. Dille and Rev. C. M. Hill will be the
speakers from the churches and the
Woodmen and the Knights of Pythias are
each to be asked to furnish one each. At
the funeral the vacancy caused by the
absence of caskets containing the remains
of Deputy Sheriff D. C. Cameron and
Constable Gus Koch will be filled by a
nine-foot floral scroll containing the
names of the dead, a gift from the county
officials.
Aid for Eplosion Sufferers.
ALAMEDA, July 20.— A number of the
ladies of the Red Cross have taken hold
of the matter of assisting the people who
have lost their homes by the powder
magazine explosion. Supplies of food,
bedding and furniture are urgently need
ed, as there are a number of families
who have lost everything. The ladles are
at work energetically and have already
taken food and other articles to the suf
ferers. Donations from the public are
asked.
Honor Their Departed Comrade.
BERKELEY, July 20.— The Alert Volun
teer Fire Company held a special meeting
this evening and passed resolutions re
garding the death of Their late comrade,
George Woodsum. The flag on the com
pany's building has been at half-mast all
day, the building itself having been hung
with crape. All flags on the public build
ings In the town have been placed at
half-mast out of respect for the dead.
HOWLAND RUNS
AT BRIGHTON
Beaten to the Wire by
Tabouret.
LIGHTWEIGHTS' FIELD DAY
MAHKR LANDS TWO OF HIS
MOUNTS.
Ben Bolt, at Forty to One, Wins a
Four and a Half Furlong
Race at the Butta
Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 20.— Brighton Beach
summaries:
First race, one an<l an eighth miles Belling.
L^nß Acre, 99 (Moody) 7 to 2 1
Songster. 101 (Thompson) 7 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Philip, lul (Maher) 4 to 10 3
Time, 1:55.
High Priest and Mizpah also ran.
Second race, five furlongs, selling.
Savory, 89 (O'Connor) 7 to 2 1
Gadfly. fiS <L>upee) IS to 1 and 6 to 1 2
Life Guard, Ms (Songer) 12 to 1 t
Time, 1:03.
Improvident. Morning, Requlta, Curio, Hlmp
Scotch, Colonel Tenney, Tophet, Sunny Stream,
Newington and Ben Blue also ran.
Third race, six furlongs.
Tabouret, 106 (Maher) 3 to 1 1
Howland, 111 (Slmms) 9 to 5 and 3 to 6 2
Maximo Gomez, 108 (Irving) 30 to 1 8
Time, 1:15.
Modella, Llndley Murray, Van Antwerp, VI-
I gentu and Belle of Erin also ran.
Fourth race, one mile, selling.
Leedsville. 104 (Maher) 7 to 10 1
Rotterdam, 108 (Slmma) 5 to 1 and 6 to 5 %
Our Johnny, 112 (Doggett) 8 to 1 g
Time, 1:41%.
! Campania, General Maceo and Hats Oft also
: ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs, spiling.
. Cormorant, 111 (Taral) 2 to 1 \
\ Kirk wood, 116 (Doggett) 11 to 5 and S to 6.... I
: Diminutive. 108 (Songer) 15 to 1 }
Time, 1:16".
Imitation and Queen Badge also ran.
: Sixth race, handicap hurdle, one and a half
; miles.
! Beaufort. 130 (Collins) 12 to 1 \
Klnvarra, 141 (Anderson) Bto 6 and Bto 6 . 1
I Rheinstrom, 135 (Chandler) 12 to 6 i
Time, 2:51%.
Big Strive, Schultz and Annis also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 20.— Delightful weather
and fast track.
First race, for two-year-olds, five and a half
! furlongs:
Miss Marion, 115 (Rutter) 1 to 4 1
■ La Josephine, 95 (Frost), 30 to .1 and 10 to 1 ]
j Georgle, »5 (Guiterez), 200 to 1... 3
Time, l:09H.
Lurdan, Koenig, W. C. Daly, Thisbee, Ldlly
; Paxton, Gold Plate, Lady Memphis. Tidal
j Wave, Visionary and Ignes also ran.
Second race, selling, mile and a half:
Rifle. 102 (Rutter), 4 to 1 1
Tulare, 99 (Lines), 4 to 1 "2
Powhattan, 102 (Burr). 4 to 1 3
Time, 2:38%.
Virginia M, Overland. Jim Henry, Dr. Ber
nayg. Pawnee, Miss Floride, Plug, Archie Mc-
Kay. Nylic and Little Rock also ran.
Third race, six furlongs:
The Chemist, 108 (J. McDonald), 3 to 4 1
Lady Hamilton, 91 (Lines), 4 to 1 and 6 to 5. 2
Lord Fairfax, 108 (Rutter). 7 to 5 3
Time. 1:14%.
j Cochlna, Blazeface, McAlbert, Groicanette
and Wolford also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and seventy
yards :
Colonel Gay, 96 (Snell), 6 to 5 1
Pinochle, 88 (Lines), 15 to 1 and 4 to 1 '.'. 2
Guide Rock. i>7 (Southard), 12 to 6 8
Time, 1:48V4.
Parole dOr also ran.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs:
Fireside, 101 (J. McDonald). 3 to 1 1
Horseshoe Tobacco, 102 (Rutter). S to 6 and
1 to 2 2
Purity. 98 (Southard), 80 to 1 3
Time, 1:22.
Slddubla. Dcs Molnes, Miss Rowett. Count
Fonso, Naoma, Albert C, Aspasla, Squan and
Travis also ran.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards:
Siva, 99 (Combs). 7 to 5 1
King Oscar, 97 (Lines), 100 and 40 to 1 2
Countess Irma, 107 (Southard). 15 to 1 3
Time. 1:44%.
Domsle. Montedonico, The Parrot Mouthed
Cecil. Violin, Sharp, High Test and Olenfel
low also ran.
CHICAGO, July 20.-Weather clear;
track fast.
First race, six furlongs— Our Gertie (even)
won, St. Alfonses D (5 to 1) second. Hohenzol
lern third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles—
Nathanson ("to 10) won, Cutter (5 to 1) second
Mu6kalonge third. Time, 1:49.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles—Flor
onso (1 to 2) won. Topmast (4 to 6) second,
Afamada third. Time. 1:47%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Toluca (3 to 1)
won, Spirltuelle (3 to 6) second, Canace third.
Time. 1:14%.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards— Azucena
(1 to 2) won. The Devil (7 to 10) second The
Tarcoon third. Time, 1:42%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— John Bright (4 to 6)
won, Melter (4 to E) second, Meddler third.
Time. 1:15.
BUTTE, July 20.— This was a great day
for short horses. Track fast; weather
clear.
First race, four and a half furlongs— Ben
Bolt (40 to 1) won, LJttle T O second. Dinah
Watt third. Time, :55%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs —
Eloper (20 to 1) won, Trappean second, San
Auguetlne third. Time, :66.
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Amasa
won. Negligence second, Saticoy third. Time,
;65.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Etta
H (18 to 5) won. Osculation second, Polish
third. Time, 1:07%.
Fifth race, three furlongs— Dutch won, Clara
N second. I Don't Know third. Harry N fin
ished first, but was disqualified for fouling.
Time, :36.
Sixth race, mile— Carness won. Daylight sec
ond. Judge Tarn third. Time. 1:44.
RICH MERCHANTS' STAKE
FOR DIRECTUM KELLY
DETROIT, Mich., July 20.— Dlrectum
Kelly, the product of the Eastvlew farm,
and the property of James Butler of New
York, won the Merchants' and Manufac
turers' annual stake race to-day. He
also lowered the M. and M. time record
by a quarter of a second below 2:11^,
made by Rltma, the winner of last year's
stake. Kelly's former record was 2:14.
Kelly's principal opponent was the Colo
rado mare, Bei.e J, who failed to stay In
front after two heats. The day was ideal
and the track fast. Directum Kelly took
about $5000 of the money, Belle J $2500.
and Major Chew $1000.
2:13 trotting, purse $2000— John Nolan won In
straight heats. Red Bee second, Russell Wood
third. Best time, 2:12%.
The Merchants' and Manufacturers' stake of
$10,000 for 2:24 class trotters— Directum Kelly
won third, fourth and firth heats. Time,
2:11>4. 2:13%, 2.14V4. Belle J won llrst and sec
ond heats. Time. 2:12%, 2:11%. Major Chew
third. Tacomiß, Quarterstaff, Mike, Russo-
Greek, Nancy King, Timorah, Professor Wells,
Battleton, Eoka, Rene. Ember Day, Governor
Holt and Lurid McGregor also started.
2:25 trotting, purse $1500— Percy won, Incar
nate second, Valpa third. Best time, 2:13.
2:22 pacing, purse $1500— Americus won, Cap
tain Rank second, Tommy V third. Best time,
2:20.
SENATORS TAKE THE
LEADERS' MEASURE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. I*ct. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..52 28 .650 New York ..41 36 .532
Boston 60 29 .623 Philadelphia 33 41 .446
Baltimore ..46 29 .613 Brooklyn ...32 43 .427
Cleveland ...47 30 .611 Washington 30 47 .389
Chicago ....46 35 .668 LoulßVllle ..28 55 .337
Pittsburg ...42 36 .638 1 St. Louis ...24 59 .259
BALTIMORE, July 20.— Cleveland out
batted the Orioles to-day, but the latter
hit the ball more opportunely and won
an interesting game. Both teams fielded
brilliantly. Attendance 1510. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 7 it 2
Cleveland 8 10 1
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Powell and
Crlger. Umpires — McDonald and O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA, July 20.-Chicago de
feated the Phillies to-day by hard hitting.
The home team gave a miserable exhibi
tion of baseball. Attendance 4288. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 15 14 3
Philadelphia 5 8 6
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Piatt, Mur
phy and McFarland. Umpires— Gaftney and
Brown.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— The Senators
broke a string of defeats by winning from
the leaders in a good game. Attendance
1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 3 10 1
Cincinnati 2 8 4
Batteries— Mercer and McGuire; Dwyer and
Pelt*. Umnlres— Emslle and Hunt.
NEW YORK, July 20.— One hit was the
total Bum the Brooklyns secured off Ma
gee to-day, and as the Louisvtlles made
eleven offYeager, the Colonels won with
out trouble. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 1 1 3
Louisville 4 11 2
Batteries— Yeager and Ryan: Magee and
Klttreclge. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
NEW YORK, July 20.— Loose pitching
by Doheny and poor throwing by Hart
rrian lost the game for New York in the
first inning. Meekin relieved Doheny in
the second and was effective. Attend
ance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
New York 6 10 6
Plttsburg 7 10 1
Batteries— Doheny, Meekin and Grady; Kil
len and Sehriver. Umpires— Swartwood and
Wood.
BOSTON, July 20.— The Bostons defeat
ed St. Louis in an almost featureless
game to-day. Nichols' pitching was too
much for the visitors. Attendance 800.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Boston 7 11 0
St. Louis 4 6 1
Battorles— Nichols nnd Bergen; Hughey and
Clements. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
TACOMA, July 20.— Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Tacoma 16 8 5
Portlund 4 4 15
SPOKANE, July 20.— Score:
Club«— R. H. E.
Spokane 8 13 G
Seattle : 10 1* i
Father of Britisli Navy Dead.
LONDON, July 20.— Admiral Thomas
Leake Massie, known as the father of the
British navy, is dead. He was born in
1802, entered the navy in 181S, and served
at Navarino, Beyrout, Sidon and St. Jean
d'Acre, in China and in the Black Sea.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 20.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 20 days from Hono
lulu.
€AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fraaetseo
Call, corner of Market »r>A Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street: open until 1:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; -"-n until 3:30 o'clock.
' 1911 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
' NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.'
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. &A. M.. •
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- _JV_
ING, July 21, ;it 7 : 3' > o'clock; second tCJjt
degree. By order of the Master. f^r >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
WILDEY Encampment No. 23, I. O. O.A J»
F.— lnstallation of officers THIS"^/^ 1
(THURSDAY) EVENING. Meet in >^'
Mission Masonic Hall, 2668 Mission st.X * V
.•■■-•■. T. R. MORSE. Scribe. :
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. \&&mmc<.
O. O. F.— lnitiation TO-NIGHT.
All welcome. CHAS. WILSON',
. Rec. Sec
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. --^■W',-
112. 1. O. O. V. -Initiation to-^gSpfc
- C. I. SPEAR, R. S. • '^W^* [
THE regular annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Dredging • and Reclamation Company
will be held at the office of the company, 36
Steuart street, San Francisco, . California on
TUESDAY, . the 2nd of August, 1898, at 3
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
.: Board ,of Trustees ; to . serve ■ during the en-
. suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting -
- ■•- M. J. MADISON. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
r of ; stockholders ► of - the ; Hakalau « Plantation
Company will be . held at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for. the purpose
of electing a Board 'of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday
July 29, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m. .'■-:.,-.• ■ - ;
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting ;of the . Rlsdon Iron and
■ Locomotive Works— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the . Risdon , Iron and
Looomotive Works, , for the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
; tion of such other business aa may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at
' the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets. San Francisco,
on MONDAY, < the Ist day of August. 1898,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTIO-S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend NoTiT (
per : share) : of ; the Oceanic . Steamship ' Com-
pany will lie payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after ' August 1,
. 1898. : Transfer : books : will ; close on . Tuesday,
July 26, 1898, at 3 o'clock p.- m.i-' :-,•■-.
■■■: .:-.■■ .:..•;-..■-..- E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE -. of the v Fireman's V- Fund ; - Insurance
Company, ■ San ■ Francisco, July 18, - 1898.— At ■ a
, regular meeting ; of the '■ board of ■ directors of
: . this company, held this ! day, a I dividend was
' declared, payable on and ■ after July ' 20. . 1898.
-■.: BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Secy.
./" LMiim.ujKjStgiieawnawr-rj ■■- •- v -^--^ -.%*■-■■-':
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE orphans and hair^r^aM^dmltted^lnto
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
since January 1, 1898, to July 1, 189S, are as
follows: Orphans— Jessie Hawkins 7, Mary
Kelly i; half orphane— Anna Madden 8, Mary
Pratra 7, Anna Pratra 3, Enestl Pratra 4
(male). Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney SLS L John
Rooney 6, Anvedeo Vetera 6 (male), Vlcto-
reen Holland 3. Ellsa Holland 2. Louisa Hol-
land 4, William O'Connor 3, Mary Strong 7,
admitted December 31, 1597.
JESSIE RAYDEUR, alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy Bt.. rooms 12 and 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. room 6; tel. 6680.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
bathF. 15Vj Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Flrst-clasa se-
lect help. 835 Market st. : phone Clay HO.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian cook and second
girl want places together; city or country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.; phone
Grant 185.
JEWISH cook, 4 years last place, awaits po-
sition. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.;
phone Grant 185.
REFINED middle-aged American Protestant
woman desires situation at housework, $10
to $15; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
second girl or housework; $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Norwegian parlor maid and wait-
ress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation where
she can have her child (9 years old) with
her; country; willing to do housework; best
references. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS young German cook desires
situation; 2 years last plaoe: city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, best of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
RESPECTABLE Protestant first-class woman,
good worker, goes out by the day; general
housework, hnusecleaning, without the wash:
$1 a day and car fare. Please call at 728
Folsom st., downstairs. In the rear.
EXPERIENCED family servant, with refer-
ences from best city families, an excellent
cook, desires situation to cook and do light
housework; wages $25 per month. Box 109,
Call office.
EASTERN widow (elderly) desires position on
ranch, cooking for few men or in small fam-
ily in this city; has good city references;
wages $12 per month. Call 230 Minna St., be-
low Fourth.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do cook-
Ing and general housework; is a good cook;
good reference; $20 to $25. 503 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for lieht house-
work or attend bakery; has had experience
In both. Please call or address 12 Langton st.
GERMAN lady wishes situation as working
housekeeper; good cook; experienced nurse.
Call or address 1868 Fifteenth st.
GIRL wishes place to do light housework or
take care of 1 or 2 children; $12 to $15; refer-
ence*. Apply at 418 Twenty-ninth st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
general housework. Call from 2 to 6 o'clock,
628 Filbert st.
WANTED— By man and wife, situation as
coachman and cook: wife do any kind of
housework. Box 186, Call Office.
YOUNG woman wishes position to do second
work; first-class references. Address 1415
Lyon st.
PROTESTANT woman wishes a situation In
private American family, to do cooking and
light housework. 1024V4 Geary st.
POSITION desired by a refined young lady
from the East in an office; has had experi-
ence. Address box 155, Call Office.
YOUNG girl for general housework, plain cook-
in?; wages $15. Call at 710 Folsom st. ; no
postals answered.
COMPETENT girl wishes downstairs work and
cook; also woman to do washing by day.
702 O'Farrell st.
STRONG Swedish girl wishes work by the day;
plain washing or any kind of work. 1331
Fulton st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; $1 per day.
Call at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class American
cook; references. 1216 Polk St.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class boarding
house cook; references. 1123 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted in restaurant or coffee-
house to help in kitchen; $10. 267% Stevenson.
GIRL would like a place for upstairs work
and waiting. Box 114. Call.
YOUNG girl wants to do housework; wages $10
or $12. 532 Eddy St., near Larkln.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation for
housework or cooking on milk ranch; city or
country: will work for $10 or $12 per month;
no postals. 1325 Market, opp. Jones, rm. 19.
YOT'NQ German woman with a child would
like a situation for housekeeping or general
housework; country preferred. Call 210 East
Ft., between Howard and Folsom.
YOUNG girl would like situation to assist in
light housework or as nurscgirl; good home
more object than wages. Call 142 Ninth st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation; companion and
nurse to Invalid lady or child; references.
Address B. A. V., box 154, Call office.
YOUNG widow with girl 4 years of age, wishes
to do housework In place where there are no
children. 1739 Stockton st.
YOUNG woman of culture wishes position aa
housekeeper or with family of two; refer-
ences exchanged. Box 190. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker will take
work at home; tailor suits reasonable. 760
Folsom st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ranch; Is a good cook and housekeeper.
136 Fifth st., near Howard.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation In a
respectable house; general housework. Ad-
dress 32 Fourth st.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes position to
do housework. i2O Montgomery aye.
GOOD mangier wishes employment; city or
country. Address box 168, Call.
COMPETENT German woman wishes work as
chambermaid or second work. 2033 Mission.
WANTED— By trustworthy, middle-aged wo-
man position as working housekeeper In
lodging house; small wages; good home
wanted. Box 143, Call office.
FINE pianist and singer wishes position to
teach In refined family, country, or as com-
panion to refined lady; will travel. Box 256,
Call office.
AMERICAN woman desires position to cook
for men; in answer state wages and num-
ber. Address box 194, Call.
GOOD reliable Eastern woman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. MRS. L. FRANCIS, Oakland, Cal.,
general delivery.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position to do
general housework. Apply 1135 Florida st.
GIRL from the country wishes situation to do
general housework in private family. New
Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414>4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
A YOUNG man, aged 24, sober and honest,
would like to get employment as night watch-
man; at work at night for 6 years; city or
country. Address C. B. ANDERSON, 134
and 136 Fourth St., San Francisco.
EASTERN poultry man, having 15 years' ex-
perience with incubator and raising poultry
extensively, wishes situation; capable of fit-
ting up poultry plant. P., room 75, New
Western Hotel.
STEADY man wishes position aa driver; drlva
a delivery wagon or milk wagon; drove milk
wagon before; good references. Address B.
WAVER, Denver House, 217 Third st.
STEADY, sober young man wishes situation as
gardener or coachman; handy with tools;
good references. Address \\\, box 7, Call
office, Oakland.
STRONG, healthy young man wishes to learn
general blacksmith trade. Address 2411 Mis-
sion St.; tel. White 1205.
MAN of family wants position; guard, watch-
man, foreman on vineyard or ranch, team-
ster or grocery clerk; can furnish bond; 1 year
at last place; wages not less than $50. Box
108. Call office.
YOUNG Scandinavian wishes situation In pri-
vate family to take care of horses, cows and
garden: good references. Addrees J. TYNE,
11 Mission st.
JAPANESE, good housekeeper, wants a situ-
ation, plain cook and housework, or lodging-
house. Address WILLIAM TALLA, 1 Eddy
place.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, wishes situation
in wholesale hardware or ship chandlery busi-
ness; strict ly temperate. Box 159, Call office.
GOOD milker and buttermaker, has run a sep-
arator, seeks engagement. JOHN NELSON,
Dairyman, 302 Fourth st. ; upstairs.
CARPENTER wants work; city or country.
Bex 223, Call office.
CAKE baker wishes situation. Q. PALM, 480
Jessie at.
•;'■■ SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG 1 married man wishes a situation to
take care of horses and work in a garden.
Box 269. Call office. ,■
OPTICIAN; thoroughly competent; good diplo-
ma; will : take position anywhere; store or
travel; have, excellent and complete outfit.
OPTICIAN. 103 Grove St. : : • -
YOUNG man, understands care of horses and
general work about place, desires employ-
, ment. Address box 183. Call Office. ,
WANTED— carpenter, a situation In city or
, country; experienced in all Its branches: best
of references given. Address J. M., box 106,
Call Office. :..■■■.. ______
MIDDLE-AGED German. Just from New York,
wishes situation :as coachman; good . refer-
ences. CHAS. LAENGER, 621 California st.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes a situation In
hotel or private house to learn English ;• will-
ing to do anything. Address box 25. Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable: free
:' 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED—
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. want to
day: Head waitress, country, $25; 2 wait-
resses, Gllroy Hot Springs, $20; waitress,
Stockton, $20; waitress, Cisco, fare paid, $20;
waitress, Baden. $20; waitress. Larkspur, $20;
Ironer, country hotel, $25 and found; fancy
Ironer, city, $30 and board; plain Ironer, city,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want to-
day: Housekeeper, country, $20; cook, $25.
and second girl, $15, same family: cook, small
Jewish family. $20: girl for second work and
sewing. $20; German second girl, Alameda,
$20; nurseglrl, 2 children, $20; 15 houseglrls,
city and country, $15 and $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A MOTHER- and (laughter or friends, $30.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FRENCH nursery governess, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A WAITRESS, country, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A .. FRENCH or German or Swedish or nurse,
grown children, and second work, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $25, country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
A WORKING housekeeper with a child, $10.
MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
A REFINED second girl and nurse, grown
children, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A REFINED German second girl and sew, $20.
; MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A SECOND girl light work, sleep home, $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A GERMAN nursery governess, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID; $25. MISS CULLEN, 826
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl; light work; $15. MISSS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl, good cook and laundress,
2 years' references, strong and willing, $15
to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
GERMAN, girl wishes place, housework, sec-
ond work or take care of children, $12 to $15;
references. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist
In housework, $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Slit-
ter, st. Tel. Green 721. - I
GERMAN second girl; first-class waitress and
seamstress; best references. . Apply MRS.
' NORTON, Swedish and German ■ Employ-
ment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $25; chambermaid, $15; nurse, $20;
second girl, $20. MRS. NORTON. 213 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist on a ranch,
$15. fare paid; second girl, $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $25; houseglrl. $25; young girl to a»-
sist, $10 to $12; German girl, bakery, $16.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, sleep home. $15; German house-
keeper. $15; 8 houseglrls, $20 each; cook, Ger-
man style. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework, American fam-
ily, $25; 2 cooks, German style. $25: 2 Ger-
man and French second girls. $20; Protestant
cook and second girl, same house. $20, $15: 2
first-class Ironers in laundry, $30 and $10
week: plain Ironer, $20; 6 waitresses and
chambermaids, hotels, resorts, etc., $20,
$22 50, and girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, waiting, boarding house,
$20; second girl, no sweeping, must sew, $20;
German second girl, good needlewoman, wait
at one meal, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 417
Powell st.
TWO housework girls, German family, choice
place, $20. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
CHAMBERMAID and do waiting, country ho-
tel, Santa Cruz Co., $20; girls for housework,
country. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st. _. . ;■;>;•:,; :,:,:. ■ ■ ■ :...■
WANTED— Italian girl for house-
work. 1023 Market st.
GIRL about 15 to assist In housework. 1023
Market st. ' .
WANTED— with horse and wagon to
take laundry route for hotel, city. 1023 Market.
EMPLOYMENT Office, 1023 Market St.—
sirable help furnished for city and country.
2 GOOD chambermaids, hotel, references; paint
cleaner and pantry girl. 313 Bush st.
GIRL for chamberwork and sewing. $20; girl
for housework, $20, plain cooking. 631 Larkln.
WANTED— Two nice looking young ladles to
do light housework in a mountain town. For
particulars address box 62, Etna. Slsklyou
County. Cal. ■
COMPETENT girl wishes to do second w«rk;
good references. Call or address J. H., 1179
Regent M., Alameda.
EXPERIENCED operators on wrappers to
- work .on electric machines; steady employ-
ment. 416% Ellis st. ■
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work and cooking; wages $20. Apply 1125
O' Fan-ell st. .
SMART woman; good wages: also Mexican
woman to make tamales. 8 Gough St., be-
tween 12 and 2.
GIRL wanted for general housework and as-
sist In cooking. Call after 8. 1808 Lark In st.
YOUNG girl to help a few hours each day,
. housework, $6. ; 623 Turk st.
WANTED— A young girt to assist with light
housework. 1930 Pine st.
GIRL, German preferred; must sleep at home.
Old number, 1053 Market st. ; upstairs.
WAITRESS girl at 604 Third st.
WANTED— experienced pants finisher. 35
Third st.; Lynch's shop. ■
WANTED— waist finishers; come pre-
pared for work. 330 O'FarreU st.
LADY pianist (amateur) to travel. 35 Eddy
st. ; 1 p. m. ■ ■:
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ladles' tailor;
references; state salary. Box 191, Call.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
801 Hayes st. ■■
WOMEN . and girls to work on fruit. Apply
immediately California Canneries Co., . Bran-
nan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRL for housework and washing; wages $10.
17 Hartford st., between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth, Noe and Castro sts.
WANTED— lady piano players In the
country. Call or address E. R., 203 Powell st.,
room 9, between 1 and 3.
YOUNG lady assistant in bath parlors: Eastern
preferred. Address box 214. Call office.
GIRL for housework. Apply between 1 and 2
p. m., 507 Guerrero St.: references required.
LEARN dressmaking & millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
100 GIRLS to peel fruit, at the Overland Pack-
Ing Company, 912 Battery at. ' .
GOOD girl wanted for general housework. 781
■ Green st. •
LEARN sewing at Keisler Ladles' Tailoring I
College, 118 McAllister st. ; patterns to order. '
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free. '
HELP WANTED— .
AT C. R. HANS^N~_"ca T iCT<>r~Ge_!T~sT.
Dump boss, railroad free fare
$3 a day; call early. ■: . ,
C. R. HANBEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
WORKING foreman for a railroad outfit- $2 25
. a day and board. ■
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
.....'.*.. ....v FOR this morning early .....
■8 pick and shovel . men : for a quarry; 21 75* 'a.
day; free fare. - . ' ' * *
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
300 LABORERS and rockmen wanted for the
Alaska Railroad; 30c an hour; work 11 hours-
special ? reduced fares . direct , to the work
through our agency. Call on or write for
further ' particulars, ■- . .
- C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
100 TEAMSTERS and laborers : for the Coast.
Valley & Visalla Railroads; regular wages;
free fare •••••..••.«..."..,". .v" • * ' FYee fa r*»
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary s*
10 LABORERS | for a large mine, $1 60 to $2 60
a day; steady work; reduced fare to the Job;
no experience required; good ; board. ; cheap.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife. $r, and found; - blaok-
: smith, $2 25 a day; milker. $25 1 and found- 3
rough carpenters.. $30 and found; 7 farmers
&CO.:^Glary Rn Bfound8 found - C ■■ * HAlffi - 1 *
\ HELP WANTED— Continued.
CAKE baker, country, $35; porter and boot-
black, country hotel, $25 and found. C. R.
, HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. -
MILLPOND man, sawmill, $30 and found:
spool tender, $35 and found; head logger, $60;
6 barkers and buckers, $35 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ,
COOK, road house. $40; fry cook, hotel, $50;
third cook. $45; cook, small resort. $40: cook
and dishwasher, - same, small country hotel,
840 and $18; second cook, small country hotel.
. $35; dishwasher, springs, $25: cook who can
bake, $35; 3 waiters. $40, $9 a week and $25;
6 waiters, country. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BUTCHER who can kill, country, $35 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STEWARD, country hotel, $50.' C. R. HAN-
SEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
A— NOTICE ........ COOKS NOTICE
12 cooks for different' places, $60, $45, $30 and
$25 and found; 5 dishwashers. MURRAY —
READY. 634-636 Clay st. ■
A— WAITERS .... SPECIAL .... WAITERS
9 hotel waiters $30 and $25 and found
3 restaurant waiters — $25 and $20 and found
3 waiter boys .............$l5 and found
Pantryman. $25 ' and found; young man to
work around a bakery. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. .
BARBER wanted, $14 per week; country Job,
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper, $30 and found. MURRAY _
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
BLACKSMITH helper, tack on shoes, $26 and
found; camp blacksmith, $30 and found, fare
10c. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARE PAID ......:. TO WASHINGTON
To Washington
Fare Paid
25 laborers to work in sawmills, not the
woods, but sawmills and yards; wages $2«
per month and found; exceptional good Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
GANG* edgerman, $40 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WAGES FROM.. $2 50 DAY ..WAGES FROM
To the Great Mines
55 more laborers, no experience required, to
work around a great mining plant and
mines; wages from
$30 per month and found wages
12 laborers to cut brush, load it on barges,
level land, etc., $30 and found; fare 35c
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
PAPERHANGER, $2 50 day. MURRAY A
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SAUSAGE MAKER 3 BEEF BONERS
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TOOLS FURNISHED ......
96 woodchoppers $1 50 cord
104 tlemakers *. Be, 9c and lie each
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Barkeeper, nice saloon, short dis-
tance in country. $30 and found. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay St. "
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city. S. F.
reference and experience required, single, sal-
ary $30 and found; foreman for dairy. near
city, must run separator, $35 and found : roan
handy with ax to peel tanbark, $30 and
board: milkers, farmers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
WANTED— Fare advanced. 20 men to work
about sawmill. Washington. $24 per month
and board; long Job; see manager at our
office. W. D. EWER _ CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Engineer to run gasoline engine-
on launch ; first-class . stableman, $50; 2
coopers, slack work, ■ $30 and board: 3 carpen-
. ters for mine, $40 and $3 day; 10 laborers, $2
day; woodchoppers, $150 cord; laundry-
man, hand machine ironing and all-round
man, $30 and found; coal miners and ethers.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. -• " '
WANTED — Cook, small country boarding-
house, $30; 3 waiters, country, $25; neat
waiter, city hotel, $30; colored boy for officers
U. S. Volunteers; second cook for resort,
$40; and others. Apply J. F. CROSETT &
. CO., 628 Sacramento st. .
WANTED— Waiter, oyster house, $35; waiter,
chophouse. $35; waiter for night watch, $10
a week; waiter for hotel, $25; butler, $40; In-
door servant, $35; groom, private place, $30;
stableman, private place, $25; gardener for
nursery. $25; married man to take care of
pasture grounds, $35; couple for private fam-
ily, $35; cook, $40; dishwashers, kitchen
hands, etc. LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
WAITER, country hotel, $25; cook, small place.
$20; 2 crosscut sawyers, $26; planerman, $2 50
a day; quarryman, $2 a day; granite cutters,
woodchoppers, scraper teamsters. R. T.
WARD & CO.. 608-610 Clay st.
MAN to make beds. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. ..vvi ■:;:
BUTLER. $40. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN for laundry in hospital; must understand
■ the machine. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
GOOD solicitor, city, salary and commission-
. young man for curtain department. 313 Bush.
GROCERY clerk for city; also first-class" cook.
private hotel. 313 Bush •♦
CANNERS— Expert canners wanted. Apply
immediately Callfornian Canneries Co., Bran-
nan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— A young man with some knowledge
of electricity to make himself generally use-
ful in a large retail establishment; state age,
experience, salary and references. Apply box
213. Call office.
$50 A MONTH: young man with $150 wanted
as partner In genteel cash business In San
Rafael; bargain. Address Business, box 403
San Rafael.
WANTED— Registered druggist: recent gradu-
ate preferred; single or married; living rooms
1204 Market st.
YOUNG man with about 8 months' experience
In barber business. 1059 Howard st.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and wait on ta-
ble. 272 Brannan st. .
BOOTBLACK wanted. 323 Deyisadero st.
WANTED— Experienced kitchen man to heln
cook. 29 Third st.
DYER wanted for the Golden Gate Dye Works,
342 McAllister st. «or«s.
QOOD dishwasher wanted at 125 Seventh st.
TAILOR wanted at once at R. BREMLER'S
803 Grant aye.. corner Sutter st. .
DISHWASHER, competent man. Apply 43J
Third st. .' . ■ ;
rAILOR, young man; work on coats. 411
California st., room 11.
BOY wanted between 14 and 17 years of are
Apply at 246 Sutter St.. room 14. ~^ ■'
TWO barbers for suburban town: steady posl-
tlon. Apply 871 Market St.. opposite Powell.
BARBERS' Progressive Union;; free employ-
ment. Barnard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
Q fl k 9 e FU I be r7, t? r Printlng - Apply "
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade ' 1341
Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 138K Eighth st. .
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office 3
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis St., near Jackson.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7644 Mission
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c tier
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 60; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st. .
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED-To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
W i N( I H . ES R HO USE. .44 Third ■_. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading room;
free bus and baggage to and fro— the ferry.
_ ; AGENTS WANTED. ~~
WANTED^ Agents to take~te7mory~fo7The
sale of Home Comfort Washing Machines-
Pftent No. 599.023 granted O"S g sfeUmeyer:
St. Louis, Mo.; quick selling article; liberal
commissions. F. OBERMILLER.' State
Bfrkeiey "a*! 1 addreB8 ' 2129 Cha ™> *£
AGENTS, both sexes: quick seller; large com-
-9 S Jessie A t ddr | s9 F L EFFLER & «'>%?■"»
FURNITURE WANTED. '.
H ;v BAUM buys furniture and general m#r-
; chandlse. 1057 Market st. : tel. Jessie 32.
WANTOD^IS^SI_I7_AISEO I S~
WANTED-Small variety 'ltore~or
bakery; must be cheap. Box 229, Call Of flea.
WANTED— Up to date novelties for country
■ towns California. Box 134. Call office.
WANTED— telescope: must be pow-
i in? 0 ?? ,? r(ler and cheap for cash. L. °-
box 107. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS. ~ ~~
ALL typewriters sold* a^'rent^d?Te"w~partiy
usea for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $85; call graph. $25; Slick.
'if 22 60; get samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$600-?-PARTXER wanted In a saloon and lodg-
! Inn-house; located on water front: doing a
paying business all the time and a rushing
traae with navigators; too much business for
one rt.nn; Investigate at once; a fine business :
oper.iiip. wlL i i ii co.. 845 Market st. j
$500-(JKHMAN i ardlng-house, with saloon; 9 ;
{urnWio'i rooms: rent $2u; surrounded by Iron
foundries: a. first-class opening and rare
chance. WILK.E, 845 Market st.
JH'fO -INTEREST In beer bottling association
.of leadiiiK brewery; this share clears above
BJI6O per month; a rare chanuo; owner is en-
su^e.i In other enterprises and cannot attend. !
I'urtlculars v, [LICE, 545 Market St. .
tli.it RESTAURANT and chophouse; doing a :
first-class paying business; close to Market
ami East sts.; low rent; investigate: owner
niust leave at once and no reasonable otter
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE; 545 Market.
A-$400; PARTNER In flrst-class' paying bus - j
ness, on Krarny st., near Market, clearing j
easily $250 pel month; no opposition; a rare
■ chance. For particulars. WILKE, 545 Market.
A — BARGAIN unsurpassed r.nd unequaled;
groceries, candies, branch bakery, notions.
nation etc. store, with 4 llvlni rooms; on
■ principal street, offered for Bali at posi-
tively less than Invoice value of stock; own- ;
er theit- 6 year and must sell nt once on
account of departure for East; business
speaks for itself; rent only $15. M. LESS,
__7Cs_Market «t. I
$2r.O— SALOON near largest public building of I
city, when thousands transact business daily; |
neat, attractive place, f,'ett!n£ large share of
patronafie. LES.S, 76. r > Market st.
»2SOo— CORNER saloon: down town: on Market
St.; no competition; .I 'lng excellent business;
room tcr lar;;e Increase; could be enlarged
into wholesale ami retail liquor concern; n.>
better location '.: town for such purpose;
sickness cause sale. LESS, 765 Market jsU_
11000— GROCERY and bar; best corner on .
Fourth st.: rent only $30: good horse and;
wagon: larfce stock; big bar trade; an ai
offer; worth looking into. M. LESS, TO: Mar- j
ket st.
|Sort— RESTAURANT near East st. ; fine trade, j
both transient and regular; supplying crews,
etc.; private rooms for captains and officers; !
money milking concern; best on city front. ]
M. LESS. 765 Market st. |
$i:.n— -MAKKKT-ST. cigar store; central; neat, j
inviting stand; bound to draw custom; rent
$12 50: laundry office attached pays rent: an 1
unprecedented offer; an unequali sacrifice;
departure for East cause of tale. M. LESS,
765 Market St., opp. I'heiand building.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloon?, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERG
JLll'ijJi!! 3 Kearny st.
A-STENBERG & CO
CG ! s Kearny St., near Market.
Fine liquor .>■' re $1,200
Restaurant, near earhouse 300
Corner grocery and bar; bargain 4GO !
Old-established carpet beating works I. 2' n) j
Saloon, opposite the ferry 200 1
Caiidy factory ana Ice cream parlor 600 !
Branch bakery; must be sold ..... 200 ]
$4iO- CORNER grocery and bar; big paying;
living robins: sacrifice account of death in
family. STENBERG & CO.. ,20'vj Kearny.
JIOOO-T-CANDY manufactory and Ice cream par-
lor; elegant toJ.i fountain; near theaters
KREDO & CO.
A— CANDY an 1 Ice cream parlor: elegant fix- ■
tures; good business; make offer. KREDO !
& CO.
A— MEAT market: %ZOOQ monthly; nothing bet-
ter for practical butcher; iKe offer. KRE-
DO & CO.
$B<.iO— WILL secure partnership in business In
live town near city dotng $650 monthly; no
opposition; nuisi be man of strict? integrity
and a baker; refs. given and required: I lest I
Investigation courted. City Agency, 850 Mkt. '
$200— FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad-
ditlon; $12 day guaranteed; trial given; a bar-
Bain. City Agency, *5u Market st.
JSOO— GROCERY and bar; living rooms: fine
location; established many years; cash and
easy terms. City Agency, BEO Market st.
$200-SALOON: half price this day. McLAUGH-
I.IN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$40O— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
of staple goods; Bteady man required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
BAZAAR plumbing and tinware busl-
ness; stock worth price; selling on account
of departure. MoLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market st. ;
receipts $30 per day; price $250; $150 cash.
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market St.
A— RESTAURANT and building; long lease.
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
*300— PARTNER wanted; lißht business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
♦200— GREAT sacrifice; fish market; fine busl-
ness: 3 living rooms; low rent. BASILE, 573&
Market st.
A—sl7sA — $175 cash will buy one of the nicest little I
restaurants In San Francisco; positively given '
away; set It: a snap for some live man and /
wife; owner not understanding the business '
cause of selling. Address Owner, box 243, Call j
Office, city; rio agents.
FOR sale— Restaurant; best location; paying
cash trade: owner has other business to at- •
tend to. J., box 5, Call office, Oakland.
CORNER grocery, saloon and furniture; no !
opposition; fine location; apply by letter. i
G. C. box 69. Call Office.
FOR SALE— Fine grocery and bar; cheap. In-
quire Call Office.
A— slso— Restaurant; oil Castro; a bargain; i
must sell. Apply 527 Mission st.
FOR SALE— HaIf Interest 3-chair barber shop; !
cheap. 19 Mason Ft.
LAUNDRY route. with hor?o and wagon, for -
sale cheap. 1; Scott place.
2000 ACRES of coal land In one body on Coos
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and Joining the
Newport Tract, the best known ami most
successfully worked vein In Southern Oregon j
It lies 3H miles from deep water at the en- I
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth of ■
25 feet of water, with good anchorage and i
the best natural advantages 'for a coall-ig '•
station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con- j
tains two veins, the upper at an average '
deßlh of 150 feet, 4 feet In thickness; In sec- i
ond vein, 150 feet lower, averaging 6 feet and !
known as the Newport vein. Notwithstanding ;
the depth of these veins there is free drain- '
age to three-fourths of the field. There is also '
timber enough on the tract for all mining '■
purposes. For further particulars apply to i
NEIL MUNRO. box 16, rehfleld, Or. |
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; ~proml~ '
nently locate.] corner 2 principal streets- no
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $650; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial given before buying
Address Owner. Call office, Oakland.
A LADY or gentleman having capital and
wants to Invest in a paying business write to
Charles Knapp, 1055 V* Folsom st. something
new.
fIOO— CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms-
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture, fs
Third st.
ACROSS bay laundry; horse, wagon and im-
plements; cheap; must be sold on account of
departure. Address box 303, Berkeley.
FOR SALE— 15c barber shop, 2 chairs, fine fix-
tures; beat location; good paying business.
MEYBEL, 1504 Park St., Alameda.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
sickness. 137 Fourth st.
BRANCH bakery, notion and candy store; 2
living rooms; $150. 805*4 Filbert st.
GOOD chance for right party; dry goods and
gents' furnishings for tale, at reasonable
price. Transfer corner, 1203 Union st.
$800— ROAD house and merchandise store on
main road near mines; worth double; party
having two places. Inquire 1633 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS saloon downtown on Market
St ; superior location for wholesale and retail
liquor business; a bargain. Address 529 Baker.
FOR SALE— Stationery, Cigars and News
Agency; a bargain; cheap rent. Address F.,
Box- ISO, Call.
$1000— GOOD coffee and lunch house; centrally
located; no agents. Box lIS, Call office.
$12r,-SALOON at. 1111 Mission si.; must sell
to-day.
GOOD grocery and saloon in Hayes Valley for
sale. Apply Call office.
BAKERY and candy store; No. 1 location; cash
trade; also spring wagon, cabinet-maker's
bench and foot-power circular saw. 1601
Brush et., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS butcher business for sale cheap
on account. of sickness. Apply at once box
13S. Call office.
ENTERPRISING man can secure an Increas-
ing Income of $500 yearly for a loan of $300.
Call room 20, 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
$100— SALOON: billiard table and 7 furnished
rooms; cheap rent. OLSON, 30S Third st.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
Jong-used shop In center of town St. Helena:
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
BARBER shop In a good. live, growing town
In Oregon; 2 chairs; good paying business;
.will give trial, sell account sickness. Apply
WILSON, SOS Guerrero st.
FOR Sale— A first-class grocery and bar: must
be sold on account of departure to Manll*; 1 '
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., 31s,
Clay st.
WANTED— Tenant for good plumbing shop at
Lorln Station. Berkeley. Apply i: WAN-
NENMACHKK. 10S Fourth St., Ban Francisco.
FOR Sale— A well stocked grocery and \,.\.v;
old established business: run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call office.
FINE large store on southwest corner Oak and
Devisadero: rent $30; or will give lease. In-
quire on premises.
SALOON and 7 furnished rooms for •Bale;
cheap. 126 Folsom st. . . i
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
HALF or whole interest In good paying butcher
shop; cash bUFlness; elegant fixtures; central
location. P.. box 3. Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose For par-
ticulars apply at Call business . office.
COFFEE and' tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR SALE— Trip to Dawson City and a year's
provisions. Apply at ISOI Market st.
LODGING HOUSES. FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER ~~ " ~~
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
150-room: corner; new .- $12,500
37-room house for exchange 700
Hi-room house; only ISO
20-room house; clears $2bu 1500
21 rooms; corner: clears $lSu 1000
46-room house; corner 1400
16 rooms: fine corner !>OO
24 rooms: clears $100 . " 600
19-room boarding house.... 't ' ' 1400
14 rooms; elegant furniture; cost $2200.... 1300
40-room house: only •-„) cash «50
14 rooms en Powell st.; new , 750
11 rooms: transient; clears $150 1400
26 rooms on Mission; new 1500
tiO-room house; corner 1600
22 rooms; near City Hall 500
18 rooms on Post ft.; clears $100.. 1000
36 rooms; clears «200 1500
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750 j
42 rooms: elegant Corner; clears $400 3500 ;
22 rooms; new and rood: $300 cash 800
10 rooms; all rented: business Street 300
25 rooms; on Market; clears $200 600
2i! r.xnis: new furniture; clears $150 l"0« ;
luO rooms; corner; beat on earth 6504
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A-108 ROOMS near Baldwin $6500 ]
it rooms; pick up 150 i
1". rooms; new and good 650 |
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water.. IROO
11 rooms; transient 450.
"-' rooms: select; transient corner 1800
22 rooms; line sunny corner 1400
31 rooms; fine for transients; part cash... 1050
66 rooms; transient; best in city; cheap.
15 rooms; sunny corner; a snap 650 ■
52 rooms; rrrt •■-. come quick: 1600
14 rooms; rood transient house; O'Farrell 1200 !
4t> rooms; Market st. ; clears $200: cheap.. 2000
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
KREDO & CO MH Geary st.
••• Money to loan at low rates
105 rooms; clears $3000 yearly $5500
60 rooms; Market St.; exchange for realty $500
51 rooms; Sixth st.; exchange for realty. 2300
« rooms; family house; Geary st 2000
42 rooms; apartment house 2SOO
13 rooms; clears $50; central 830
10 rooms; Eddy st. ; rent «40 750
» rooms; OFarrell st. ; give-away 223
Other pood bargains. KREDO & CO.
A— TWO 46-room corner houses: big Induce-
ment given to good tenant. See SPECK &
,; CO. .1602 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES— tn rooms, $2r>00;~22 rooms,
$800; 16 rooms. $800; 31 rooms. $3300; 22 rooms,
$1750; grocery and saloon, $20); (restaurant,
$200. or trade). 1023 Market St.
RENT or sell— l Jest lodging house; best loca-
tion; newest and best beds. F. J. DECKER,
. 711 1, Mission st.
PRICE $1,000; rent $100; 22 rooms; 2 entrances,
13 and 15% Powell st. Apply to GREEN
BROS., on premises.
PARTY wish to sell or buy; specialty In lodg-
ing-house; 100 bargains. BASILE. 873H Mkt.
36 FURNISHED rooms, corner house; trade for
lots. 1562 Market St., room 4.
I A— slso; rooming house: must sell to-day. Ap-
: ply D. MoRAE. 527 Mission St.
i MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
ca^h and $6 per month, we ask you to investl-
I pate and approve this method. Prices are the
I same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some Rood pianos for $3, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ft«.. San Cisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
j and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL 5330 piano, walnut case', finest
condition, $ISS cash: party must sell. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16-18-20 O'Farrell St., Chick-
I erlng agents.
LADY who has gone East left fine upright
piano for sale: best offer takes It. J. DEW-
ING CO., Second floor. Flood building.
j WE invite critical examination: new store, new
! poods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St.,
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents. j
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans. j
Urines and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post st.
FINI-; upright for $l">0; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st. I
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 BO month.
BCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., r.60 Hayes st.
PIANOS, great sacrifice this week, only $30,
$40, $50. 57:.. $140. liaiH Mission St.
A— s33: FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion: must sell. 1361 Folsom st . cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new: brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister St.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 f>ost St.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister 1
Ft., next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNA! pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. M O'Farrell st. |
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. j
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place. j
_
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GOOD horse and buggy and harness for sale
cheap. Apply 545 McAllister st.
SALE r,r exchange for steam plant: lumber or ,
spring wagons, buggy or harness. 209 norland, j
TWo fresh ml'.ch cows for sale. 217 Hearst
aye., Sunny Side.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records. $5 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgnlupl, 033-946 Market.
FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa- j
1 loon. ISO 2 Seventh st., Oakland.
: FRESH Holsteln cow; second calf; good
i milker; reasonable. 1312 Folsom St.
! FINE fresh cow for sale. 1724 Alabama st.
FIRST-CLASS windmill. 2 large tanks, brass!
pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye. !
A FINE thing for a present: full line of
erai hi , hi nes, $10 each and upward. PIERCE :
& CO.. 313 Emporium building.
BOILER, 42x14, with steam drum, complete;
will test to 175 pounds. WHITE. 516 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and :
I office furniture ami fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. .T. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
$137 50— FISHER upright piano: good condition;
$10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl |
poods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co.. 627 Mission.
SCALE. safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press, i
j cheap, nt 621 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand 1 :
, building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IN'l<'.-!1 & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and eecond hand; cheaper than !
; ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento. I
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc., '
bought and b id. lON Mission St., nr. Seventh. |
A WEEK'S news for f, rents— Weekly !
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. |
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC Domestic, " Slnger~~anT~Whfte ■
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission St.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold"
, machine supplies. 115 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented-
i repairing at lowest rates. 105 Fourth St.
| — " ■ ' - — *—
CARPET CLEANING.
i CITT Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans
I moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr
: 3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
! ..Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at •
tcl. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. '
CARPETS cleaned at So per yard: relaid at 3c
■3TRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th i
st.; cleaning 8c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
j PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co •
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166!
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
4'- MARKET 'ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions ' taken.'
THE SAN FKANOISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 21, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near — Unsurpassable for
doctor or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice
for business and residence combined.
BAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement;
210% Perry st. rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BUSH, House of 11 sunny rooms; rent $35;
all modern improvements. .
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprtss
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market at.
ELLIS, 1172, nr. Buchanan— r. and b. and
planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— r. and
V ; modern Improvements; $50.
HOUSE. 5 rooms; fine condition; healthy loca-
tion; rent $8. 1555 Kearny, near Greenwich.
HYDE, — House of 4 large sunny rooms;
rent cheap to right party. Inquire 41S Hyde.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot air heaters .throughout.
425 Baker, cor. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN cottage, 6 rooms, bath, basement.
large yard; $14. 812 Potrero ave.,-nr. 20th st.
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every conve-
nience; $30. 1506 Geary at.
BRANNAN, 723, above Sixth— A nice flat of 3
rooms; $7, $5. . - :'''. .
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $1S; water free.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms; also cottage. 4 rooms.
Second Bt. and Rlncon aye.
'■ FOLSOM, 930. bet. sth and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON. 118— Fine sunny middle flat 7 rooms
and bath: near City Hall; $28.
HOWARD. Brick bldg; 5 r. and b.; $23.
; ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St. •
LANGTON, 37— 515; sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
U6Vj Perry st. ; $10; fiat, 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 63S Market.
MCALLISTER, ISM— Nice, clean, convenient
upper flat; 7 rooms; bath; appreciated if seen.
i MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderlck— Sr. and b. ;
; rent $:5. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery st.
SUNNY corner flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent
j reduced to $17 50. 45S Haight, cor. Flllmore.
i SUTTER, 161313. nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
I ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
VALPARAISO, 120, oft Jones— Flat, 6 sunny
rooms in good condition; rent, $11.
VALENCIA, 469, nr. 10th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $18.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WANTED— NiceIy furnished flat of 4 or 5
! rooms; must be pleasantly located and rent
reasonable. Address W. S.. box 170, Call.
: WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gamery st.
$20— NEW choice sunny flat: all latest Improve-
ments. 170S Hyde St., near Broadway.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALASKA PLACE, 5, off Mason, below Bay st.
—1 or 2 furn. rooms; housekeeping; $4 each.
! AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 50; Jay. 25 to 60c.
! BUCHANAN. 602, corner Sunny bay-win-
: dows and kitchens, other rooms; $6 to $9.
CLAY, 1020 — large unfurnished rooms; house-
keeping: good order.
FOLSOM, 646—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; ess stove; bath; running
water; no children.
I _^ _^^ .
GEARY, Elegant gunny parlors; piano;
: other suites, double and single; light house-
[ keeping, i
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness — 2 and 3 sunny
room suites, with gas range.
' GROVE, 350— unfurnished rooms.
HARRIETT, 3, off Howard— 2 sunny furnish-
| ed housekeeping rooms; also single bedroom;
cheap.
HOWARD, 525 — Pleasant sunny rooms furnish-
ed complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnish-
ed rooms, first floor; also housekeeping rms.
i HOWARD, 833H— Nice sunny room with regular
kitchen, complete; private bath; gas; cheap.
HOWARD, 1113H— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms. $1 up. -■ - - ....
LAFAYETTE, 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth
Ft«. — 1 sunny rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN. 327, cor. Golden Gate— sunny
room. $7; also housekeeping suite; gas utove.
MINNA, lUH— Nice furnished bay-window
suite, with piano; cheap.
MINNA, 546— T0 let, furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 563— Nice housekeeping rooms, $1 50
week.
MISSION, 945— Two large sunny rooms well
furnished for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1413 — Unfurnished large sunny rooms;
connecting or single. .
POLK, Large sunny neat alcove room and
kitchen; large closets at back; $18.
SECOND, 615— A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms
an dbath: rent $14.
SHIPLEY, Four rooms: $6. Apply premises
or 1151 Guerrero; no children; no animals.
THIRD, Large furnished room for house-
keeplng, $6 to $7; single front room, $5 to $3.
KOO3IS TO LET.
SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tcl. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonaole.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Two blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all convenience*.
CLARA, 11 _ '■ i . near Fourth— Nice sunny fur-
nished room; private family.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished; full of roomers:
16-r. house; paying. Shoe store. 250 O'Farrell.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 31S— Sunny suite and single rooms;
newly furnished.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to $8 week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny nns.; also housekpng.; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT, Furnished sunny front bay win-
dow rooms; double and single; $2 60 per
week up.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
roomfhg house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 762— Nice large furnished front
j rooms; also houeekpg; reasonable; single, 75c.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first -class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LEAVENWORTH, 1318 — Elegantly furnished
1 sunny suite; also front alcove room for gen-
tlemen; references; terms reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 220%— Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
MINNA, 067, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
ATOM A. 71— Furnished front room for two
j gentlemen; $6 per month.
i NINTH, 20. near Market— room; running
i water; gas: $6. '■ ; __ .
! OAK, -Small furnished front room suitable
for one or two; $6.
O'FARRELL 20 — Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day. week or month.
SEVENTH, 328V4— 3 nice large unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap to small family.
! SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
j SUTTKU, 1123— Large Bunny parlor, with or
without board. ■-. ,
TAYLOR, 706— A small sunny room for gentle-
man. • :
TEHAMA, 308, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms, $3 to $5 per month.
j TURK, 126— Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $5 per month. . - .ji
TURK, 127— Large front sunny room for an
office; also housekeeping.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
* ... % ....
GEARY Court, 10, between Jones and Leaven-
worth— Two nice sunny rooms, with or with-
out board; private family; bath and gas;
terms reasonable.. :».'i" - -' .>■
HYDE, -1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
FOLSOM. .511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2,' $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
SUTTER, 112S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms:
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE Blngham, 807 California— Sunny rooms;
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN HOARDED. .
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parents. 51 Clara st. ;
CHILD .or two to board: terms reasonable.
Apply 3255 Twenty-second St.
CHILD to board; good home: best of care;
terms, $10. 1034 McAllister st.
ONE child boarded: lovely home and mothers
care. Box 535, Call.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's carp; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
ELEVENTH, 10G— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORES TO LET. j
CITY Hall Square. 17— Large light store, $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
TURK. 422. near Larkln— $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
MARKET, 1704— Part of hair-dressing store;
.gable: opposite Tenth st. ■ •;
OFFICES - TO , LET.
E3TMX"^PRECKELS^buiIding. 927~MarkeT~st^ |
Light, cheerful offices. $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building— i
Elerant offices for rent. j
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women; ]
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- j
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace 1
1 avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home, i
I etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVTES, 122S Market
Ft.. pills. $1; very stroiic. $2; cure. $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WTETH. 208 Turk St., near Jone*.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- 1
tively safe and sure; no danger or after eN
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mnll on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 32
urant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause: no medicine or Instru-
ments used: restores in one day without fall: !
every woman her own physician: away dis-
grace; consultatk\i free: can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1: cure, $5; by j
the well-known DR. POPPER. 818 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
" cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly:
home for patients: consult free; confidential.
DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market st. ,
LADIES. Chit-heater's English Pennyroyal Pills ■
(Diamond Brand), best: rafe. reliable; take
no other: Fend 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. 'hl.hester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro: price ,
1160; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home in. confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPKAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Const Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement; I
I treatment, $2 60. 852 Castro st., Oakland.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market st. diseases of women
and children. ..\.*i<.«K i
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home In confine-
ment: confinement nlone, $5. 156 Second St.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncald at her
School of Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
bulldinc. 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing.
I bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
1 ship. $."0; low rates per week and month.
i MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247 1
Franklin st. ; co-educntlonal boarding and day |
school ; complete English. French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
' UNIVERSITY coach— Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
I low In Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton, I
! nr. Charming way. Berkeley ; write forcircular. !
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mln- j
Ing. mech. survey, assay, nrchit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 333 Market, j
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tart, 672 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st. j
1 SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
~"~ DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible, !
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work '
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work. painless and warranted. , Chicago Den- 1
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. j
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. nr. 11th: I
no charge for extracting when plates are :
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE •- . LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth '
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell. I
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set |
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. £50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections.
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
1,. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.; room 64.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of copartnership— the un-
dersigned, hereby certify that we constitute
a partnership, transacting the business of
buying, selling and dealing In hides, pelts,
furs and tallow In the State, of California;
that the principal place of said business is at
the City and County of San Francisco In said
State' of California, and that the name of
said partnership is STRAUSS <£ ROUX, and
that the names in full of ail the members of
said partnership are ARTHUR S. STRAUSS
and FRANK ROUX. and that the place of
residence of said ARTHUR S. STRAUSS Is
at the City and County of San Francisco,
State of ' California, and that the place of
residence of said FRANK" ROUX is also at
said City and County of San Francisco, State
of California. ■
Dated, San Francisco, July 19, A. D. 1898.
ARTHUR S. STRAUSS,
FRANK ROUX.
■ State of California. City and ■ County ■of
San Francisco, sb.
'• On the nineteenth day of July, In the year
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight, I
before me. M. GREENBLATT. a notary
public in and for the said City and County,
residing therein, duly commissioned and
sworn, personally appeared ARTHUR S.
STRAUSS and FRANK RQUX. known to
me to be the persons described in, whose
names are subscribed to and who executed
the annexed, instrument, and they severally
■ acknowledged that they executed the same.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal, at my
office in the City and County of San Fran-
<- cisco, the day and year in this certificate
first, above written. .
[Notarial Seal.] M. GREENBLATT.
Notary Public, in and . for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California.
' Indorsed: Filed July 20. 1898.
; .'■.-.- .-..-. C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON, Deputy Cleric.
PERSONALS.
MY wife, FLORA FRANCIS BAILEY, having
left my bed and board, I will not be respon-
sible for debts contracted by her. PHILIP J.
BAILEY. 1141 Silver avenue.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
St., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly in advance.
lIISINESS PERSONALS.
PROFESSOR AND MRS. FOSTER wish their
, friends and pupils to know they are still con-
ducting their dancing school at Mozart Hall,
1358 Market st; dancing classes every Tuesday
and Thursday; social dances every Wednesday
and Saturday; the waltz and reverse posi-
tively guaranteed.
THE best hair dressing for the least money of
any place in the city, 2">c only; hair restored
to its natural color for $150 up; good
switches, $1; finest, $3 50: extra, $5. Open
. Sunday. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. in hank .or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of the tailoring
firm Curley & Wolf, S. F.. Is now In business
at rm. 11, Macdonough building, Oakland.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, 552 Castro St.. Oak-
■ land; treatment, $2 50; reliable practitioner.
USE Quinonla and have a line head of hair. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed;. framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 an 1 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c: 16x20, 30c: 18x22, 35c; 20x24. .45c; 22x
2S, 60c: curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
ing.all colors.lc ft;open eve.Jones.s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Thirc 1 Ft., near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per nlchf «1 50 to $8 per week;
free bus and. baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J. HAI'PTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; halrdresslng, popular prices.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth Ft.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy instalments. L.
t MOS. 1117 Marl-et st.. b»t 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., rm. 14-15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. «1« Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
profTjj~omar|
THE OCCULT WONDER,
■
Can tell your mother's maiden name; name
of your sweetheart or husband; full name of
every caller. Invaluable advice on all affairs
of life, law, business, love, marriage, di-
vorce, etc. Unites the separated, causes
speedy marriage. Satisfaction guaranteed or
no fee accepted. 325 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building) — medium; unites
. the separated; changes luck; locates burled
treasures: letters answered: Inclose stamp. *
MM!-: PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disease, full lite reading; la.
60c, gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50.. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR fortune by planets: predict-
ed in '74 overdue stmr. people on Island. 23Vi
Sixth, room 6.
WILL be absent from city for short ttm»;
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Market st.
MM K. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 2.'c up. 73 Fourth M.. near. Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession: never falls; ndvlce: help. 92!) Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 o'clock. 25c; Tuesday, 8
o'clock. 112 1 * Oak St.; medium readings, $1.
MME. YOUNG, convincing test circle to-night;
10c. 605 McAllister St.: come, skeptics.
I MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings. SI; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. : Sat. 8; 25c.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212^ Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PAL.MISTUV.
1 MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkln: readings daily nt res.. 353 Geary st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
I LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
I strictly confidential; private offices. M E
DOUG AN & Co., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
I HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up-
I private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at fiVi per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
, bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
HORSES.
HORSES and wagon for camping; for sale
cheap. Apply 712 Polk st.
HORSE for sale cheap. Apply MRS GEO
THOMPSON. 321 Rutledge aVe., off Alabema,'
near Twenty-seventh.
FOR sale — 20 head horses; must be sold. Apply
Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57-61 Minna st.,
between First and Second. :UI?tWBMB9B
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
enrts. harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
Pay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
LOST.
LOST— Saturday night, July 16, fox terrier;
answers to the name of Klondyke; had license
No. 1974. Return to 521 Sansome st. and re-
ceive reward. ■
LOST— Wednesday, on Kearny or Market sts.,
pearl wreath pin. Reward at 1120 Wash-
ington st. •
ON Mission road, breechloadlng shotgun. Re-
turn J. CHAMBERS, 427 Bank St.; $10 reward.
j LOST— 19, on Sutter st., between Jones
and Leaven worth, a small chatelaine bag
I containing money and papers; no questions
asked and suitable reward will be paid by re-
turning to a. W. ,1., Hotel Pleasanton.
LEGAL NOTICES.
: NO. 2720. State of California— ln the Superior
Court in and for the City and County of San
Francisco (Department Ten).
In the matter of the petition of IDA M.
SCOOFFY for the perpetuation of testimony.
In the above entitled special proceeding no-
j tice Is hereby given that under an order of the
! presiding judge of said court, dated July 6,
A. D. 1898, and on the application of the above
named petitioner, IDA M. SCOOFFY. on
THURSDAY, September 8. A. D. 1898, before
J. P. SULLIVAN, Notary Public, at his office.
on the fourth floor of the Parrotf building, :
i situated on the , south side of Market street, I
■ between Fourth and Fifth streets, in the. said
: city and county of San Francisco, State of
■ California, commencing at the hour of 10
o'clock a. m. on said date, the testimony of
! HIRAM BURT COOK, and of WALTER HER-
BEET COOK In the said special proceeding-
; will lie taken. •
The object of the said special proceeding Is to
perpetuate the testimony of the said witnesses
in relation to the lot find premises, thirty
(30) feet front by sixty (60) feet in depth sit-
uated on . the west side of Taylor street, be-
tween Pacific. 1 and Broadway . streets. in said
I city and county, and r numbered one thousand
j five . hundred and forty-one (1541), on Taylor
street. ■ •. ■ ■ ' ■ • -.-" - < - - ' '
For further Information reference is hereby
made to the petition and order aforesaid.
• ■ IDA M. SCOOFFY, Petitioner.
Dated Bon Francisco, July 6, A. D. IS9S. .
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, First Floor.
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PAnK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPKUTT NOW
BARGAINS , NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL QETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $450 to $S5O: officially graded: superb
view; $23 down, »10 monthly.
- SOL QETZ & BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down.
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker building.
FOR — Twenty-first St., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage: open to-day from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market nr. Sth.
TWO flats for sale on 2936 California St.. near
Baker. Inquire at 308 Pacific St., cheap.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. KtDNALL. builder.
1326 Hayes. .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$8 50 PER acre— Fine grain ranch, 680 acres;
all level and half is rich bottom land; some
large oak trees; house of 7 rooms; large
barns; this is one of the best bargains of-
fered. OAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny st.
OAKLAND. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 UPWARD; lots In the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland: $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 for a 4-room cottage; terms to suit; $125
upward.
Lots in Gallndo Tract. East Oakland; nothing
like these lots for double the money anywhere;
but few left and must be sold: fine school
house: 2 electric car lines; streets all graded
and macadamized; city water and sewer; nice
homes surrounding. Call or send for circular,
455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
$900—5 ROOMS; lot 50x183 In Oakland; worth
$1600; see it at once; terms easy. E. E.
BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$3250— COST $4500; new 7-room house; up-to-date
Gothic style and latest Improvements; near
business center and local trains. J. S. MY-
EKS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland Cal.
OFFER wanted— A pair of flats, 5 rooms each;
Market-st. Station; paying 15 per cent inter-
est; must be sold. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
NEW up-to-date 6-room house; cost 1 year
$2500; an offer of $1500 would not be refused;
$1000 can remain on mortgage. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1450— COTTAGE, the latest style: lot 40 feet
front; 5 minutes to business center; bank
mortgage on property $1350 at 8 per cent can
remain. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any. address in the United
StPtes. noftnalii. for SI 50 n year.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn:
tennis court: conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; BS9 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pi--kl<- Fact.. lfi?2 Groro.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board: quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline st., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished sunny bay-window rooms
and of flees. 476 l"th st., corner Washington.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 403 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real ESTATE).
SPECIAL NOTICE! "™ '
FIRST COME. first ser.ved.
OUST like PAYING rent.
$1200. $1700. $1800. $2200, $2GOO, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
"been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday?.
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station: 1525
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60s
137:6, rented for $22; 1 block from station; tlso
E-room cottage, $1350. FREEBE & CODING-
TON, 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
RENT $35: 8-room house, partly furnished:
shade trees; lovely home* place. Apply 2207
Blake St., block east of Dwljht way Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A COTTAGE In Los Gatos for rooming-house.
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco property: will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market St.
20 HOUSES and lots In city $500 to $10,000
50 ranches, 10 to 500 acres 300 to 20,000
10 Oakland. 20 Berkeley pieces.. 600 to 1,500
100 business places, all kinds.. 50 to 5.000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
71 BY 137^ feet; San Jose, near -Normal and
High schools; for San Francisco property.
Box 200. Call office. '
PROPERTY WANTED.
LOT wanted suitable for coal yard, about 40
feet front: south of Market, east of Main St.;
owner to make improvements; long lease will
be taken. Address, stating terms, box 295,
Call office.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For the leasing for five years of
two blocks of land, known as "Market
Places," bounded by Channel. Irwln, Hud-
son and Fifth streets. Office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
■County of San Francisco, July 19, 1898:
In accordance with Resolution No. 892
(Fourth Series), of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received In open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on Monday
afternoon, July 25, I*9B, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock
for the leasing, for a term of five (5) years,
the two blocks of city property situated on
the south side of Channel street, and known I
as "Market Places," bounded by Channel,
. Irwin, Hudson and Fifth streets, under the
following conditions, to wit:
CONDITIONS— lessee shall, where
necessary, fill in the said blocks, and the
said blocks must be to the official grade at
the expiration of the lease.
That In no event will the city and county
agree to give an entrance or approach " by
land to the. said property, as the lessee will
be required to procure a rlsht-of-way .by
land, it' desired or required, at his own cost
and charge.
The lessee will be required to give a bond
In the sum of five thousand ($5,000 00) dollars,
with two good and sufficient sureties thereon,
that the conditions herein required will be
strictly complied with, and on tailing to com-
ply with any of the said conditions, then the
said lease shall thereupon terminate and be
of no force^r effect, and the amount of said
bond shall forfeited, and shal: be paid, or
collected by suit 1 for the city and county, as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect.
All Improvements made by the lessee on
said blocks she.!! at the expiration of the
lease revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate and state the amount
they will pay monthly: as rental for the two
blocks jointly, with the distinct understand-
ing that the lease will be made to the highest
bidder therefor, and that the payments on
said lease shall be made monthly to the
Mayor of this city and county. ■'■.
The party to .whom the lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the, lease, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice >in three
dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the granting of the. lease, the Board has
resolved to receive no bids unless made upon
blank forms prepared by the committee, and
a certified check for the sum of one thousand
($1,000) dollars deposited by the bidder with
and made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, conditioned if the proposal
be accepted and the lease granted; and if the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print-
Ing charges and. sign the agreement, and give
the required bond within six days after the
said lease is granted, then and in that case
the said sum shall be paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the . right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk. |
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
C. J. Porgfeldt and Anna C. Sehaffer 26-24
Marshall S. Baldwin and Mollie Sehaffer.. 3s-30
Joseph Sheehan and Mary Mealy 2G-22
John G. F. Miller and Llllle B. Peters 26-20
Francis M. Lile and Evalena M. Schelford. 2s-21
C. R. Mayhugh and Christine W. Mayhugh.s2-56
Mendel Lipstein and Zelke Lerer 35-21
Sing Lee and Lum Ming 3S-22
J. H. Spreckels and Auguste L. Steinhagen. 3o-20
Richard J. Jose and Sophia T. Shrieve 33-25
John O'Gara and Antoinette M. Tobln 2S-24
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must he
handed in at cither of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COHL— In this city, July 10, 1898, to the wife
of Leopold Cohl. a daughter.
DALEY— In this city, July 7. IS9B, to the wife
of E. J. Daley, a son.
KLEIN— In this city. July IS. 1898, to the wife
of T. G. Klein, a daughter.'
MORGAN— In this city, July 19. IS??, to the
wife of W. M. Morgan, a daughter.
SASS— In this city, July 16. 1898, to the wife
of Glaus Sass, a son.
WILLIAMS— In this city, July 18, IS9B, to the
wife of T. Williams, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DEUTSCH— In this city, July 17. IS9S, by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Emll Deutsch Aid
Hattle Son.
KAHN— KOHN— In this city, July 17. 1898, by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Moses M. Kahn and
Julie I. Kohn.
PAYSEN— LORENZEN— In this city, July 13.
IS9B, by the Rev. •W. Brandes of Alameda,
Frederick W. Paysen and Maria R. Loren-
zen, both of Oakland.
RAYMOND— McGLASHAN— In this city. July
13. 1898, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Albert
Raymond and Undine McGlashan. —
DIED.
Brlttaln, May Koch, Gustave A.
Cameron, D. Carlisle Lamkln, Mrs. Anna
Clasby, Rose Loughlin, Margaret
Cole, Nancy Robins, Fred
Dillon, Robert Ruegg, Anna
Eaton, William L. Schnaars Margarethe
Hall, Mrs. Sarah A. Sehulze, Albert C.
Heaney, Angela B. Streltberger, C.
Hughes, Sarah H. Walsh, James
Johnson, James Witt, F. G.
. Kelleher, John
BRITTAIN— In this city, July 20, 1898, May.
dearly beloved wife of William Brlttaln.
mother of Alvina Brittain, daughter of Julia
and the late John Mead, and sister of Mrs.
J. W. Hennessy and Llslie, Katie, Michael.
. John. Willie and Winnie Mead, a native of
South English, lowa, aged 21 years 8 months
and 20 days.
CAMERON— In Oakland, July 19, 1898, D. Car-
lisle, beloved son of A. Cameron of Center-
ville>, and brother of Mrs. ,H. Tumor and
Mrs. F. Salz of Centerville and Mrs. Dr. Mc-
• Lean and Mrs. C. Neale of Sacramento.
(C? Funeral at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence at Centerville, Alameda County.
CLASBY— this city, July 20, 1898, Rose,
mother of William J. and James E. Clasby,
a native of Killala, County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 21 Goettineen street, off San Bruno
. road, near Silver avenue, thence to All Hal-
lows' Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of tier soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COLE— Oakland, July 19, 1898, Nancy, be-
loved wife of Lev! F. Cole, and mother of
Mrs. Maurice A. Shean. Mrs. Rose McCum-
isky, Mrs. Walter Malloy, Mrs. Frank Mc-
Evoy and Charles H. Cole, a native of Ire-
land, aged 73 years 8 months and 9 days.
(Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
|C?"Fri"nds and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. M. A. Shean, 1051 Poplar
street, Oakland, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
San Francisco, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DILLON— the City and County Hospital.
July 20, 1898, Robert Dillon, a native of New
York, aged 49 years.
EATON— In this city. July 20, 1898, William
L. Eaton, a native of Dexter. Me., aged .2
years 1 month and 9 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
HALL— In Melrose, Alameda County. July 19,
1898, Mrs. Sarah A., beloved wife of the late
Benjamin Hall, and mother of Mrs.- ■ M. A.
Colbert, Sarah .1. Hecox, William Morris and
Edward and Benjamin Hall, a native of Eng-
land, aged SS" years.
C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to, attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday),. at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Craig. & Cochran Company, 22 Mint
avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HEANEY— In this city, July 20, IS9B, Angela
Beatrice, beloved daughter of James W. and
Maggie Heaney, and granddaughter of, Mrs.
M. Dowan. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 11 months and 27 days.
HUGHES— In*' this city, July 20, 1898. Sarah
H. Hughes, formerly Sarah H. Cook, at the
- residence of • her " daughter, Mrs. Laura
Young, 805Vk Leavenworth street. (Brooklyn
and New York papers please copy.)
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
JOHNSON— In Oakland. July IS, 1898, James,
beloved husband of Catherine Johnson, and
father of James Jr. (deceased), Frederick C.
and Otto J. Johnson, Mrs. Albert Gruninger,
William Johnson, Mrs. F. G. Wight, Mrs. F.
R. Woolsey and Catherine M.. Selma L., Julia
V., Dagmar A. and George W. Johnson, aged
61 years 10 months and 22 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, •at the
Masonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, Oakland. Services under the
auspices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61, .F. and
A. M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
KELLEHER— this city, July 19, 1898, John,
beloved husband of Mary Kelleher, and
father of Mrs. George . Costello. a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 48 years.  ,
KOCH— In Oakland July 19, 1898, Gustave A.,
beloved son of Gottleib Koch, and brother of
William H., C. T. and T. J. Koch. Mrs. C.
Raupach and Mrs. E. Straub, a native of
California, aged 33 years and 8 months.
"^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. E. Straub. 2711 Telegraph
avenue. Deceased was a member of Oak-
land Lodge No. 103. K. of P.
LAMKIN— San Jose, July 20. 1898, Mrs.
Anna, beloved wife of John B. Lamkin,
daughter of Jacob and Elizabeth Boscken.
and sister of Henry, William ana Joseph
Boscken, aged 33 years.
|C?"Th« funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 540 South Ninth street, San Jose.
LOUGHLIN— In this city, July 20, 188, Mar-
garet beloved wife of John Loughlin, and
mother of Andrew, Maggie. Nellie, Kate.
Mary and Joe Loughlin, a native of County
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 51 years.
ROBINS— this city. July 19, IS9S. Fred Rob-
ins, a native of Plymouth, England.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral "to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RUEGG— In this city, Anna, dearly beloved
daughter of Frank and Maria Ruegg, and
dearly beloved siFter of Maria. Louisa. An-
ton Joseph. Frank. Leo and Charles Ruegg,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years. 3
months and 2 days.
SCHNAARS— In Sonoma, July 19, 1898, Mrs.
Marsarethe Schnaars, dearly beloved mother
of Mrs. H. Joost of Sonoma and Ernst
Schnaars of Salem, Or., and grandmother of
Annie M. Tennis, a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 74 years 5 months and 8 days.
fCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F. Suhr Co., 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment T. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHULZE— In Coloma. El Dorado County.
Cal July 19. 1898, Albert C. Sehulze, beloved
brother of Desere H. Sehulze, a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years 3 months and
15 days. ■
STREITBERGER— In Oakland, .July 18, 1898,
Christopher Streltberger, a native of Baden.
Germany, aged 73 years 3 months and 26
E^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, 565 Washington street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
WALSH— In Vallejo. July 19. IS9S. James, be-
loved husband of Anne Walsh, and father of
w J and Annie E. Walsh. Mrs. F. Law-
1 rence and Mrs. R. Waters, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 55 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
home in Vallejo, thence to St. Vincents
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
WITT— In this city. July 18, 1898, F. G. Witt,
beloved father of Henry Witt, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years 11 months and 27
days A member of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and Verein Eintracht.
iri?"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 3363 Twenty-second street, between '
Valencia and Guerrero, thence, to California
Hall 620 Bush street, near Powell, where fu-
neral services will be held, under the aus-
pices of the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
. commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
IMcA VOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNEItAL DIRECTORS £ EMBAL,iIifi&» I
Ui IJITH ST., Opp. Lincoln Soajjl. .1..
' '"' Telephone, So'J'^SO^^^^^^l
1112
IS LOCHNER
A STRANGLER?
Suspect in the Carpenter
Case a Bad Man.
MESHES CLOSING ABCUT HIM
MANY WITNESSES GIVE HIM AN
EVIL CHARACTER.
Police Are Inclined to Think They
Have at Last Caught the
Fiend of the
Alleys.
The police are working assiduously to
find the murderer of Mrs. Sadie Carpen
ter, who \v;u, strangled in room 10 of the
Hut.bard House last Sunday morning', but
nee sufficient to fasten the crime on
any individual has not as yet been discov
ered. Diligent searcn is b^ing made for
Henry Carpenter, the missing husband.
Several officers are endeavoring to get
some trace of him. but up to this time
their efforts have been futile.
That Joe Lochner, the man held under
suspicion of knowing something of the
tragedy, even if he is not the actual crim
inal, is a confirmed degenerate of the
worst type has been established. The po
lice have found several witnesses who will
testify to his evil character if such evi
dence is needed. It has also been ascer
tained that he is of a. violent disposition,
I ; tally when thwarted in his inclina
tions. A woman, whose name is withheld
by Captain Seymour, yesterday made a
Statement to the captain in the presence
o' Lochner in which she declared that he
had treated her With violence and that he
la feared and abhorred by all who know
him. ]x)chner was very much agitated
when confronted by the woman and she
accused him of violence. He trembled
tly tu:d could not sit still in his
chair.
Testimony of a r-imilar import was given
last evening by another woman who lives
in a Fourth street lodging house.
In both instance? Lochner was present
when the statements were made, and sub
sequently he admitted that they told the
truth.
Latp last night two experts on ir.sanity
carefully examined the suspect in the
City Prison. They questioned him closely,
and" when they had finished declared that
he was a man rnpabie of any crime.
He still protests his Innocence of the
murder of kin: r and reiterates
i that Carpenter is the guilty
man.
Captain Seymour is now inclined to be
lieve that Lochner is tho strangler, but
he wlii in t say so positively. Lochner's
r been dug up by the detectives,
ar.d h .. wn to be a most despicable
character. So far he ha? succeeded in
ting the same story when catechised
■ ■ ■ ■ Individ .ais, but he is get
: . ::d is laboring under
• mental strain.
Kf is on the point r,{ collapse, and if he
If guilty of murder ti is nulte probable
.'. break down in a short time and
mak' a confession. His mind is diseased.
xLc •:■ esses, and he cannot hold
out I fhe is kepi n the rack. He
mination all yester
• ■ ■•->r>. r nu<\ last evening he was in
such a nervous condition that he could
I
- Her tv brought into the
: y the perusal of a letter
Mrs Carpenter's room. He Is
J. B a Washington Volunteer.
b aa follows;
"XT AN A BARRACKS. June 9.
Deir Mcilam: '- this mcrn'.ng's Issue of the
Chronicle I fir.d In th» want column an ad
follcitirsf plain sewing- and mending done at
horr.e. Now, 5n an!-'A'erinrr your ad. would
state that 1 do not wish any sewing or mend
ir.* dcr.e at present, but being; a soldier in a
Btrar.fre city I would like to form the acquaint
ance of ?c:n<> !ady, widow cr maiden— one I
coaid call on occasionally or spend a pleasant
afternocn or evening with and occasionally go
out sishtreeing-. Now. will say that If this
m».--t5 v.-ith your approval and you have no
objection I shall be p'.eased to call on you if
you wJH name the dny and hour that I may
call. Pleare five full name. Hoping I may
have the pleasure of meeting you. I am, dear
madcm. respectfully yours,
J. B. WILLIAMS,
Company 1.. Washington Volunteers.
Williams will be brought over from
Angel Isiand, where he is now stationed,
to-iiay. and asked what he knows about
Mrs. Carpenter. Williams is not suspect
ed o* the murder, but the police think he
may possibly give them a clew on which
to worK, as he is known to have visited
the woman.
Detectives have visited all the harness
ar.'"; saddlery supply houses in the city in
search of a line on Carpenter, but have
not found anything- which might lead to
his whereabouts. Some weeks ago he
bought a small bill ot poods of Johnson
& Co.. and paid for them, but had not
been heard of since.
Th police re nonplused if Lochner is
not lie man who strangled Mr?. Carpen
ter. They say the asc Is the most diffi
cult the department has ever had to
handle. It is impossible •■ formulate any
theory as to the motive of the assassin.
He may have beer, a thief or he may have
been a. madman. If Loehner is the man
the question arises. What did he do with
the watch and money the woman is
known to have had? He left the room
when the clerk went after the officer and
then had an opportunity of hiding the
coin and watch. But his room and cloth
ing were searched and nothing incrimin
ating was found. He had no money when
he reached the prison. Another strange
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EGZEIiA
Baby's Arms Neck Hands 2nd Face
Broken out with Red Pimples.
Terribly Inflamed.
Had to Wear Soft Mittens to Keep
Her from Scratching. Suffering
Was Terrible.
2 Leading Physicians Could Not
Even Help Her. Tried CUTI-
CURA. Immediate Cure.
Our little daughter, now fifteen months old,
was troubled from her birth with Eczema.
Her face, arms, hands, and neck would break
out with red pimples, the parts afflicted
would swell and become terribly inflamed,
water would ooze out like great beads of per-
spiration, finally this would dry up and the
ekin would crack and peel off. She suffered
terribly. Had to wear soft mittens on her
hands to keep her from scratching. "We gave
two of our leading physicians a good trial,
but neither of them helped her in tho least.
I purchased Ccticxba So at, CcnccnA(olnt.
ment), and CiTicrsA Resolvent, and com-
menced using them as follows : After bath-
ing I wiped her with a soft linen cloth, applied
Ccttccra (ointment) freely, and gave her the
BSMtLYKn regularly. She improved at once
and is dot never troubjed, although we have
used less than one bottle of Resol ve>t, three
boxes of Salve, and of course CcncmtA
Soap. The statements I hare made are abso-
lutely true and no: exaggerated in any way.
Would also »ay you bare my permission to
publish this, should you wish.
March 1, 1808. ROB. A. LAPHAM,
1111 West Ride .Square, Springfield, m.
Ccriec»A BiicenißS will tfford inttaat rell«& p*nntt
rt«t and tl**p. tad point to a ip^<sTi *ennao»nt. and «co>
BMnical ear* of the OMt tortur.ne. dUCcartng, and hu-
mUUtlti« ct ittMn*. bnrnlnir. b!««ilni, *c*ij. pimply,
and enuttd »kln ted §c*lp hsaon, with lou of hair,
wheatUaUeftJU. _____„_
phase of the case is that the !
dead woman's eyes were closed when
the body was found, which is not usual
In cases of strangulation. Lochner has
identified the piece of cloth which was
around the woman's neck. It was torn
from a towel which she used in making
a poultice. He saw her tear the cloth and
put the smaller portion in the top of the
washstand drawer. This piece was found
knotted about her neck.
The suspected man seems to know every
detail of the tragedy except the identity ,
of the person who committed the murder.
These things, in the opinion of the detec
tive?, have a great significance.
If Carpenter could be found and he
could not give a satisfactory account of
his doings Saturday night Lochner would
be undoubtedly released and the husband
would take his place in the tanks. But
until something tangible is learned Loch
ner will be detained.
The Coroner has fixed next Monday at
9 a. m. as the date for holding the in- (
quest.
WEAVING A NET.
Police Believe That Lochner Is
the Strangler of Three
Women.
Is Lochner the man who strangled May
McDermott and Bertha Paradis, alias
French Bertha?
This Is the question that Is agitating
the police. The McDermott woman oc
cupied a den on Morton street before that
thoroughfare was ordered closed by the
Supervisors. Some time ago she was
found dead, having been strangled by an
unknown fiend. A few days later the
unfortunate French woman was murdered
in a similar manner. The latter occupied I
a den on St. Mary street, and as she was
preparing to go hume she was attacked ,
by the fiend, who promptly strangled her. >
As he was leaving the scene he was
seen by a friend of the dead woman, who
lives in the adjoining house. After the
murder was discovered the friend of the
dead woman visited police headquarters
and gave a description of the man she had
Been leaving the h^use. She described
him as being about 5 feet 7 inches in
height had a full beard and wore eye
glasses'. Ker description of the supposed
murderer tallied exactly with that of
Lochner. with the exception of a beard.
I' Is known that Lochner for several
years wore a beard, but for some unex
plained reason he had it shaved off a few
days before Mrs. Carpenter was mur
dered. . , .
Yesterday the prisoner was taken be
fore Captain Seymour and closely ques
tioned as to the murder of the French
woman. While admitting that he was a
frequent visitor to the tenderloin district,
he denied any complicity in the crime.
"I never harmed a woman in my life,
he excitediy declared, "i^ poor Sauie
(meaning Mrs. Carpenter) rt-as here she
would tell you I am Innocent of the crime
attributed "to me."
Notwithstanding Loehner's denial the
police are working en the theory that he
not only killed Mrs. Carpenter, but mur
dered both the French women and May
McDermott.
A citizen, whose name the police refuse
to divulge, yesterday visited the City
Prison, and at once recognized Lochner
as the man whom he had seen following
a little girl on Fourth street a short time
ago. After approaching her and beir.g
repulsed he continued to annoy her with
promises of candy, when the citizen, who
wa= a silent observer of his actions,
promptly knocked him down.
The police are now concentrating their
efforts in establishing the guilt or Loch-
ner.
Evidently satisfied that Mrs. Carpenter
did not commit suicide. Captain Seymour
and his men are striving to bring the
|-ime to his door. His actions in the ten
(Terloln district are being carefuity inves
tigated, and it is possinle, they think, that
he will be connected with the strangling
of May McDermott and the Paradis
woman.
The Victim's Funeral.
MOXTKRET, July 20.— The body of
SADIE FOSS TOOK POISON.
Her Young hjusband Deserted Y\er
for Cause.
Mrs. H. L. Foss, commonly known as "Sadie" Fops, -was found lying
among the sand dunes at the ocenn beach near the Seal Rock House yester
day morning In an unconscious condition. The soldiers and park laborers who
discovered her soon came M the conclusion that the woman had taken poi
son. She wrf removed to^he Seal Rock House and every car*- given her un-i
til the park ambuiar.ee arrived. Dr. Tormey, who went with the vehicle, con
cluded that the woman had taken arsenic and that her lease of life was very
short. Although it was only 10 o"clock and few persons on the beach, yet no
one saw her go to the place where she was found. The woman was taken to
the Park Emergency Hospital, but she did not recover consciousness, and late
In the afternoon she was sont to the City and County Hospital.
The only means of learning her identity wns nn envelope, on which was
written "To my husband. H. Foss, SOS Leavenworth street. City." Close to
where the envelope was found was a broken whisky bottle that smelt of liquor,
and It is supposed t;.nt Mrs. Posa mixed the poison with the whisky.
When the woman was found Professor Killlck, instructor of swimming
and life savin? at the Sutro Baths, was summoned, and worked upon the
unconscious woman for three-quarters of an hour until Dr. Tormey's arrival.
From all that can be learned Mrs. Foss has led an eventful life — of its
kind. When well along in middle life, for she is nearly 60 years of age now,
she married a boy, H. 1.. Fosp. Previous to her marriage she is said to have
been addicted to the use of opium and morphine, a habit that she was n»ver
able to conquer. About four years ago her husband, who held a good position,
was arrested with the notorious Emerald smuggling gang of the old Custom
house ring. With the others he was convicted and sentenced to serve three
years in the State prison at San Quentin. During the time her husband was
In prison the wife was under less restraint than before, and although her par
ents in San Ramon Valley endeavored to keep her at their home she invari
ably returned to the city and sought bad company
A ehort time ago Foss was released, but his health was broken by his
long term In prison and he decided that the company of his aged wife would
not be any benefit to him and he left for parts unknown. Mrs. Foss has
made several efforts to see her husband, but failed, and It Is thought that her
mind *avo way and that uhe took tae poison to hasten the end
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JTXY 21, 189 S.
SHE PUT UP HER PROPS,
Edith Hall "On Her Muscle," So Mr.
Leahß Sags.
There is a row on at the Tivoli with dashing Edith Hall, Manager
Leahy, an iron-bound contract and a luscious pair of soubrette "props"
in the cast. Miss Hall and the manager play opposite parts, and their roles
tell quite as opposite stories.
Place aux dames!
Miss Hall claims she has a grievance. According to her story the man
agement has not lived up to the terms of her contract, and she is hurt in
spirit and most bitterly angered. The lady claims that in direct violation
of the terms upon which she was engaged she has been cast for parts not
in her line; that she has been sublet to another theatrical company, and
that she has been made to play at afternoon performances.
The little actress is riled, and, with the inconstancy of the soubrette,
in the same breath declares she "will bring suit" and "treat it with the
silent contempt of the righteous Indignant."
Said Miss Hail: "My contract calls for soubrette parts, and In direct
violation I was cast for the little insignificant part, known to artists as
•chorus parts.' In 'Fatinitza' they wanted me to double up as the cadet in
the second act. and a Pasha's wife in the first act, both chorus parts. In
justice to myself and my artistic reputation I had to refuse. So I was
out of the cast 'Fatinitza' week. That was not my fault. I reported every
evening, and Tuesday, when I came round for my salary, It was refused
me."
Mi=F Hnil di6cems method in this apparent madness of the Tivoli man
agement, and sees in it a game of freeze out. "The grand opera season
was coming on," she explained, "and so what were they going to do with
rce? Get me mad, so I would resign."
Miss Hall's greatest grie\-ance, however, is the fact that the Tivoli
management sublet her to "Uncle Tom." "On account of the two mat
inees—and my contract says I was to play no matinees"— the lady said. "I
demanded and received $25 extra, making my week's salary $100 in all. But
the Tivoli management kept that extra $25, and I only got my $75. That is
what I call small."
Manager Leahy tells an entirely different story. "I want the lady to
sue." says the manager. "There is nothing I desire so much. I have legally
lived up to the terms of the contract. I had the right to play Miss Hall
as many times as I chose, and wherever I chose. Her demanding that ex
tra $25 was unprofessional, shamefully unprofessional, and I returned it to
Mr. Duffield.
"The whole trouble is that Miss Hall is a mischief-maker. She has
been insubordinate and was discharged for it. She was always late at re
hearsals, imperfect on her first nights, and clapped the climax by refus
ing the part the stage manager and musical director cast her for. Let her
sue. I wish she would."
And thus the matter rests, although Miss Hall has been In to Bee the
management, has used unprofessional language and Incidentally put up a
chubby fist while she held one arm on guard preparatory to attacking a
trusted attache In the manager's office.
Mr. Leahy has a clear case against the actress, "striving to intimidate
a witness"— the confidante was there as witness— but decides he was such
a success as a referee and peace mediator that he will let the matter go
at that.
Mrs. Sadie Carpenter, the woman mur
: dered in her room on Fourth street, San
1 Francisco, July 17, was brought here on
• the noon train to-day and was taken at
; once to the Protestant Cemetery, where
it was buried. Mrs. Carpenter's mother,
Mrs. J. Q. Anderson, accompanied the
i body here and attended the funeral. Two
' children of the dead woman were al?o
: present. The funeral was quite large, the
services being conducted by the Rev. H.
, S. Snodgras s.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest design*: w»
rive credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutler, r. ( & 7.
Catholic Fair Arrangements.
The ladiee' executive committee of the
Irish Fair met last night at room 9, Phe
lan building, and transacted more than
the usual amount of weekly business.
Mrs. C. B. Flanagan presided, and Miss
Nel)y Sullivan was sectary. Those
present were Mesdames Young, Mulvey,
Lorigan, O'Shaughnessy, Fennell, Cro
nan. Weatherly, McFadden Flynn, Good
ell, Bertrar.d. McCarthy, Kerr, Honn,
Fahey, and Misses Duffy, Russell, Mc-
Laughlin. Dillon. Donohne, Mulvihill,
Fahey, Rupsell, Mulhern and others.
Mrs. McCloskey, who has the direction
of the art gallery, reported that she had
secured twenty-five fin«i pictures. She
felt assured that there would be no diffi
culty in making a creditable exhibit.
Visitors will not be importuned to pur
chase articles at the fair. This will be
confined to the booths.
DEATH OF A GREAT
TROTTING MARE
ETHEL DOWNS DROPPED DEAD
IN HER TRACKS.
The Gallant Mare, Holder of a Cali
fornia Record, Keeps Her Gait
to the Very End.
The well-known California bred trotting
mare, Ethel Downs. 2:10. died at the
Oakland track on Monday night. She
had been a frequent contestant at the
recent Breeders' meeting, winning her
first race this season there in I:l2ft.lower
tag the track trotting record on that oc
casion anJ apparently In the best of
fettle. After that, however, she seemed
to be weak at the end of her fast miles
and was beaten the two or three times
she raced. Her final appearance was the
closing day of the meeting, last Saturday,
in the free-for-all trot, when she made
the winner. Toggles, step in 2:13* 4 to se
cure first honors. The effort was too
much for her. and on reaching her stall
she dropped in her tracks and was un
conscious for some hours. C. F. Bunch,
th<- widely known San Jose reinsman, her
trainer and driver, called in several
veterinarians, but they held out no hopes
from the first, and the gallant little mare
finally expired as she lay on her side,
moving her fore legs as if she were trot
ting to the very end.
Ethel Downs was a black mare, 16
hand?, and the first progeny of the noted
siro Boodle. 2:12. She held the California
trotting record for marcs and had bright
prospects of adding to her reputation on
the track, besides a certainty from her
individuality and conformation of making
a great brood mare.
It is hard to estimate the financial l^ss
to her owner. Mr. Montgomery of San
Jose, in tht-s<- times when trotters are nut
salable save at practical nrices, but it
is not likely that be would have enter
taintd an offer of much less than jixWO.
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-102J Mission.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES.
The Various Attractions Are Quite
Well Patronized.
The Alcazar is btill doing a big busi
ness with "Faust" and Morrison apjifnr?
to lose none of his old-time prestige,
notwithstanding the fact of his repeated
productions of the piece in this city, and
the second week of the present presenta
tion. Monday night Frederick Vroom.
the new leading man for the Alcazar, will
make his first appearance, supporting Mr.
Morrison in "East Lynne."
Tho Frawley company's present bill,
"Liberty Hall." is one that is attracting
no small attention. The performance of
R. C. Carton's comedy by this organiza
tion is one sure to win only the highest
praise for all concerned in the interpre
tation of the pretty love story. This
play will remain on the boards all this
week, including Saturday matinee.
The much-iorkeil-for production of the
new war drama. " A Gallant Surrender."
by the Frawley company is positively an
nounced t'r. r production next Monday
evening, and the public wil! then have
an opportunity of passing first judgment
upon the play which Edward E. Kidder
wrote specially for the company. "A
Gallant Surrender" has to do with inci
dents of the late war and its plot is said
to give opportunity for a strong cast and
excellent stage effects. The advance sale
01 .'-•■ fits is now 0:1.
"The Bells of Corneville" will be sung
this week only at the Tivoli Opera-house.
Its melodious numbers, excellent plot and
careful production have pleased all who
have seen it. For the next and last week
of the present comic opera season an
elaborate revival of Millocker's romantic
opera. "The Beggar Student," will be
given. On the same evening it is pre
sented here De Wolf Hopper will moke a
revival r.f this charming work at Man
hattan Peach. New York. Monday even
ing, August 1, the grand opera season will
commence. One of the special features
will be a regular Saturday matinee, es
pecially for ladies and the younger the
ater-goers. "Aida" ard "Lucta di Lara
mermoor" will alternate as the first
week's bills.
"Captain Impudence." at Morocco's, is
proving a very enjoyable attraction to
the many patrons of the house. Its mili
tary features and oddity account for Its
popularity.
At the Orpheum. notwithstanding the
extremely dull season, crowded houses
are the invariable rule. This may be ac
counted for by the fact that the bill is
varied and amusing.
Fine weather and an exceptionally good
programme have drawn quite satisfac
tory attendance to the Chutes during the
week. Herr Cannon continues to be the
king of heavyweights.
THE CRTSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Phj-stelans recommend the Crystal ■warm »»a
water tub and rwlmminf baths, Xorth Beach.
WAR TAXES
SHIRKED BY
WELLS-FARGO
Merchants Condemn
the Company.
SCORED BY ANGRY PATRONS
POINTED LETTER SENT TO
PRESIDENT VALENTINE.
District Attorney Foote Informed
That the Federal Law Is Now
Being Openly Vio
lated.
The Merchants' .Association, composed
of nearly a thousand business men and
firms, has come out in no uncertain terms
and made a protest | against the express
and transportation companies in general j
and Wells, Fargo & Co. In particular j
compelling- its patrons to pay the war i
revenue tax on all receipts and bills 01 ;
lading-. The law passed by Congress Tor
the purpose of raising funds to carry on j
the war with Spain, among other things, ;
provided that such companies must affix
a.l-cent stamp on all bills of lading and !
receipts. With a nerve, which in its au
dacity implied about the same as the re
mark of the late millionaire Vanderbilt
with reference to the. public, the wealthy ;
express corporation mentioned proceeded :
to ignore the law and made its patrons !
pay the tax which the Government In- j
tended it should pay.
Protests were raised agaiijat the injus
tice from all parts of the land, but in
stead of having the desired effect they i
only caused the express companies ail :
over the United States to draw closer to
gether and combine to defeat the law.
Such is the patriotism of wealthy cor- j
porations which have for years made for- !
tunes out of the Government whose trou- |
bles are now the means of putting thou- ■■
sands of dollars into the pockets of th«
stockholders. When Wells. Fargo & Co.
began to pile on the additional charge
or 1 cent for every piece of paper In busi
ness transactions with its patrons tho
merchants of this city rebelled, but to
no purpose. If the extra 1 cent, that th»
company should stand, was not paid tn e
patron nad but one thing to do, walk out. :
.Being unable to make a light against
so powerful a corporation single handed
the local merchants turned to the asso
ciation, one of the most conservative pub
lic bodies, for some relief. Since the tirsi
of the month the complaints have been
pouring Into the office from such mer
chants as Benjamin Newman, of .Newman
<fc Levinson; Frank Maskey; Mack & Co
wholesale druggists; J. C. Winans, of 22u
Front street; H. M. Heineman, of 109 San
some street; Joseph D. Grant, of Mur
phy. Grant & Co.; W. R. Sherwood, of'
Sherwood & Sherwood, and many others.
They assert that they have no objec
1 tions to assist In the payment of tneir
portion of the taxes, regular or extra, for '
the support of the Government in time:*
or peace and war, and they are doing
so, out they do not see why they should
pay others' taxes as well.
At the regular meeting of the Mer
chants' Association held yesterday the
subject was taken up and nandled with
out gloves. Director D. V. Kelly asserted
that there is no question as to the mean- ■
ing- and wording of the law, which de- i
clares that the. express companies shall
pay their proportion of the war tax, and
not the company's patrons. He said that
the members of the association should use
every effort to compel the transportation
companies to comply with the' law.
W. R. Sherwood, also a director, came
to the point and said: "The express com
panies should not shirk the obligation
imposed upon them by the new act. The
intention of those who framed the act
is so clear as to leave no room for
doubt." Director J. D. Murphy made a
few very pertinent remarks about the
patriotism of Wells, Fargo & Co., and
added that he believed that the associa- ■
tion should begin an action against this
company. It is not necessary that legal
proceedings should be begun just now,
because the Merchants' Association has
already begun action against this com
pany to compel it to stand its part of the
war tax by attaching the little one-cent
stamp to receipts and bills of lading free
of extra charge to the public. The New
York Association has gone into the fight
to win, and knowing that the contest
will be a bitter one, for the express com
pany is determined to shirk Its share of
the general responsibility. Joseph H.
Choate is recognized as one of the best
legal authorities in the United States,
and the New York merchants have en
gaped him to conduct their case.
Others spoke In the same line of argu
ment, and although Wells. Fargo & Co.
as a bank and as an express company is
a member of the association, the board
decided to send the following communica
tion to President Valentine of the com
pany mentioned, as well as to the repre
sentatives of any other companies that
are violating the law:
You will r.'.ease take notice that on behalf
of the memr*-i-«< of the Merchants' Association
the board of directors hereby protests and cb
jicts:
First— To th» issuance by you of any bill of
lading or other evidence of receipt an 1 forwarl
ir\K to which and to each dJ plicate thereof
there shall not have been duly attai.i-.d and
canceled ar. Internal revenue stamp of the
value of 1 cent.
Second— To any requirement on your part
that the shipper or consignor should. dtre'tiy
or indirectly, pay for such revenue «t>>_mri as a
condition of the acceptance of goods for trnnc
portation by you. We hereby furtner :i :t ,y
you that any payment, which may no.v or here
after be made by the shippers or consignor*,
directly or indirectly, for any such stamps tr
pursuant to such requirement. Is and will be
made under this protest, and the shippers 3r
consignors expressly reserve the ritciu to con
test the legality of such requlremeit and ac
tion on your part in such manner .is they ir.av
be advised.
Some consideration was given to the
matter of the association taking active
steps toward prosecuting Wells, Fargo & '
Co. for violating the law because of the
association in New York having the same
matter in hand, as shown by a communi
cation from that body. The letter stated
that legal proceedings had been begun
there to compel the express companies to i
comply v.'ith the war revenue law. That
I ■ <ly had engaged J. H. Choate as spe- i
cial counsel to assist the regular counsel
of the association in this matter, and re
quests a contribution of $25 toward tjie ex
pense of the suit. The local boaru
ordered that amount to be at anco
forwarded to the Merchants' Association i
of New York for the purpose of '
testing the legality of the action of the
express companies.
The board also decided to send the fol
lowing communication to United States ;
District Attorney Footo: •
The beard of directors of the Merchants'
Association respectfully calls your attention to '
the clear violation of the provisions of the war
revenue lav.- of IS9S by certain express and i
transportation companies doing business in this i
city. We respectfully revest that you Insti
tute such prompt proceedings against said com
panies for the failure to comply with the war
revenue law as will brin? this matter to a
speedy determination. Please consider the offi
cers of this association at your service.
It is believed that District Attorney
Foote will advise that no action be taken
against the company here pending the de
cision of the courts of New York. How
ever, the letter will be sent to him so
as to give him an opportunity to show
how he stands on the matter.
-<•«
Every week 9,000,000 oysters are swal
lowed by the people of London. Half ■
of the shells are broken up and used
! for asphalt paving.
CASTORiA
For Infants and Children.
Tkttu- 0
ilb:li st*fi m it it
J-*&r&rZ&64*& jama.
___.-_;■ ' ■__/' '" . ADVERTISEMENTS. --•_'_.'. ■ '
-♦-O-»-O-»-0-»-o^o-»-0-»-0-*-O-»-o^O-»-0-#-o*o>-0-«-0-#-0-»-0-»'0-«-0-»-0-»-0-#-0-#-0-»-0-*-0-»
I another I
dl „ ?
i ay of {
i clean ins: up. I
1 ° * ?
o o
° each department offers the bal- \
l ance of big lots: a few of a kind, it .?
0 doesn't pay to keep them here ; we've made |
2 our profit on the lot we've sold; we are will- °
I ing for the sake of getting our stock clean ♦
I to close these out way below their real value. I
♦ DallaS mUSlin < a ;«ic No. 3). napkins (aisle No. 4-baza«r). ♦
♦ 45-inch bleached dallas pillow-, rmj n Japanese, imported for restau- ♦
2 case muslin— housewife knows 11/ rant, hotel and boarding-house PER IOOO O
0 its worth - YARD use, fancy designs, 14 inches BKn £
4 square, 1000 in a bundle.. wv
o pillowcases (.i«ie no. 3. birdcages (ai b«?«).*" ♦
J About 60 dozen hemmed 50x36 Q n Brass - wit . C P S - . cr R cheS : - *
? inches, good 2-inch hem and heavy OC swmgs complete > base 11Kx8 and 40C °
1 quality muslin each Inches hS h S^fSf^ *™ J
6 l °
o turkish towels (al 3l No trunks (alsleNo^-down.talrs). ♦
5 47 dozen bleached Turkish tow- I F ' at i0 P' covered with brown ♦
♦ eis just in, size 19x46. fringed. A£ n duek J waterproof, with 4 hard-
2We don't know a better offenng lOC "°° c Jeats on top, 2 around , *
0 for vacation and camping time... each J° dy A nd 3on bottom iron- \ ©
V • & bound bottom, hmgesand roll- (DA 50 O
O crs, stand real hard wear even tP^U—— 4
♦ flannelette. from an express company UP °
X i- _i .• ■_' i j H 28-in. 30-in. 32-in. 34-in. 36-in. 38-in. 40-in. £
1 hJ^q^.iJttS&Sd 5C S^O W. 75 $5.00 $5.25 $5.50 $6.00 $5.50 ♦
; silk sale i^noji. t>
o dimity and lawn The balance of two st / |!s In o
o UIHIIIV ClllU law. l. fancycheck silks in nile. blues, 2
O About 2000 yards. 31 inches wide, Alp orange, turquoise and cardinal CA- o
♦ in figures and stripes, and regular T?2^ combinations, formerly 75c per OUL ♦
2 clean-up, usual price 7^c - YARD yard— to clean up .-.. yard 2
O Balance of our $1.00 24-inch O
♦ Htiri^rn/A'il* i, - crepe silks, including light blue, TCr* ♦
0 unaerwear (aisie no. 2). p tan> cardinali anc ; /DC 2
O 47 ladies' skirt chemises, of fine gray (a silk snap) YARD o
♦ cambric, trimmed with Torchon •?#-.»-•,■»*» mi #-» ♦
2 lace, deep lawn flounce on bot- ianCy riDDOn (aisle No. 2). 2
o torn— in regular way sells for $1 CQp 21 00 yards of all-silk fancy ribbon O
♦ (and worth it) OVVj ;n; n various styles and shades, in *
4 checks, plaids, bayadere stripes »
♦ 62 muslin gowns, of fine soft- and Roman stripe edge, also plain At _ ♦
O finished muslin, French neck, em- and moire taffeta in a fine assort- lt)C °
o broidery or lace insertion, trimmed ment of light shades Yard o
♦ yoke, deep lawn ruffle on cuff. yIQ/%, -- «.» f
o Regularly on sale here at 75c frOL nandkerChieTS. °
O 75 dozen, ladies' white scalloped A n °
0 union suits ( . i8 i, N , 21 . and emfaroidered hd^ - Each-^c j
O Of natural gray, button down CTepe paper. O
O f ;° nt J ?'° P s ? ierS , ey ' * b * d and i Q In rolls 10 feet long, Dennison's >< On O
2 fleeced, mall s.zes for children... 1271/ | erial, all shades. ,IUC 2
o ■■ --~ - ''''-; o
♦ The strength of our power with economical women is the fact ♦
2 - that the goods we advertise are the goods we sell, and they're %
2 on sale at the advertised price until the last one is sold. 2
1 937 = 939=94i-943 = '945 = 947 Market Street. I
T
3 - DAY SPECIALS !
(tar wines are the oldest and of the fines}
bouquet. Our delicacies the freshest asi most
e&refully selected.
CHERRIES in Maraschino (D. & G.)
bot.62ic
Regular price 73c.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot 15c
"Ideal Brand"— finest quality.
Regular price !oc.
COFFEE, IXL. blend, 1b.... 20c
Roasted or ground.
Regular price 30c.
SWEET PICKLES (Heinz'), pint jar 20c
Best known brand and
of finest quality.
0. K. WHISKEY, bot. 75c, 3 bots. $2.00
Recommended for /> 11 an - _
family and medicinal üße.*JB"On 00. UU
Regular price $1 and $4.
CLARET gallon 35c, 3 gals $1.60
Wall-aged, rich, full flavor. . »."
Regular price 50c.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Neap Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Tiiephens W;jt 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention given to
Country Orders. Freight paid 100 miles.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
. v n6ff»f Full Set of Teeth
N « 1 Z^/f-, . extracting free $500 up
•StL-^M^^V^f G ?'^ Crowns 22k $5 50 up
*y—TT*fv*-a~- <* Fillings - - - 25cts. up
*L*3*^vlKr**_S Open Kvenin?* &
OKI- VAN VROOM
'WFfl IIVV Electro Dental Parlors ■
4& 'ir x Sixth and Market
Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
IftHW A RFVCAV ENGINEER and at-
JUlin A- DtPloUil. TORNEY-508 Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco, Cal. Land scrip
for sale. Surveyed and unsurveyed lands lo-
cated and patents secured anywhere in the
United States without ■settlement. Timber and
grazing lands bought and sold. I represent,
specially cases arising before the Internal Rev-
enue and Treasury Departments. Also cases
arising under the regulations governing the
tariff and trade of the Hawaiian and Philip-
pine-Islands, and the war revenue law. My
business will have the attention of eminent
Washington attorneys \
\A/. X. HESS,
KOTAHY PU3LIO AND ATTO2SET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. ;toom 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown SSL
Residarca. 12] California ■ street twlow
Powall. ban Francisco.
HHI Ji Ip^^tJ gk E^^Tfrtf V»* H tG Li vi hgh «c
-*-o-«>o-«-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-«-o-« > o-*-o-^-o-*>o-*>
o CASH OR LTTTLE-AT-A-TIMB. o
j ♦ \/ <^ m ?
|5 NEW LINE OF J
♦ IRON BEDS ?
♦ OH SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK. ?
2 Come in Single, Three-Quarter» and °
' ▼ Double sizes— Finished in Whita En- ♦
O amel— Brass Trimmings. O
o Prices from $3.50 to $25.00. o
♦ OUR PRICES, WHETHER CASH t
° or LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. are LOWER °
♦ THAN THOSE OF CASH HOUSES. ♦
o o
o J. NOON AN, t>
A 7
— Complete House-Furnisher, *
♦ 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST, ♦
° Above Sixth. O
0 Phone South 14. Open Ereninr*. *
\ fcI4INCHS
w^PM ' FROM THE EYE s
feW IS THE HATIIRAL READING
distance Nearer OR FURTHER
I^ABHORiMAL AND HEED) INVESTIGATION
CALL amd SEE US
OPTICIANS ' p&^SJL
;r-f <^> 642 Market St. c*r-
U^DER CHROMICLEBUiLD»H6.
MADE ME A MAN
*«?>> AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
£/ 1 A. XX JV«-f»ti» ZHseose*— Falling Hem-
&— • fi s or 7- ImpotencT, B!e«ple6anees, etc., cause Jl
a .VI *> J A ' ou »° or other Excesses sod India*
x .aSA orations. They quickly and »ur?h/
I vi'a^ r»£t Lost Vitality ia old or round, anil
j£i~gzZK. fit a men for etadr, b^-ine-.-isor cuirrlace.
' *S«.^xaB> trevsnt Insanity and Conramptlon if
tnk"a urns. Tatirnso shows iamedlaW improT3-
iuen: and exacts a CUEB where all other fall In-
sist npop having tho gruuino Ajaz Tablet*. They
hare cared thoußa&du and mil care yon. Wortve a pos*
itire riuon unaranteg to o3?ct a euro CA i*TC in
each or rotund :hc taoney. -Price VV V I Hi per
rackaco; or »ix pieces (full treatment) for 1150. By
1 iil. la plain wrapper, cpoa receipt of price. Circular
■ «•• AJAX REMEDY CO., •• c 3S£ r fc?-'
For ■*!» In Ban Francisco br LelpnlU A Ox,
XSt Butter. No-Feroeota«« Pbannacy. Ml MM,
Oppression. Suffocation, Hcuraigla, etc, cured by
ESPIC'S GIGARETTES.or POWDER
ParU, J. ESPIC : New York, E. FOUOERA * CO.
> -SOU BY ALL PRUCCI3TS —