VOLUME LXXXffI.-yO. 86.
AN OUTSIDE EXPLOSION
WRECKED THE MAINE
EVIDENCE OF
TREACHERY IS
CONCLUSIVE
OFFICIALS
NOW ALMOST
CONCEDE IT
Grave Fear Spain Will Not
Be Able to Punish •
the Guilty.
Upon the Strength of the Sagasta
Ministry Will Depend the Con
tingency of War Between _
the Two Nations.
- Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
f /
HAVANA, Feb. 23.— There is now little
loubt that the report of the board of in
luiry investigating the cause of the wreck
of the Maine will be to the effect that the
prime cause of the explosion was a sub
marine mine or torpedo dragged under her
keel.
The board can hardly come to any
other decision from the evidence that will
be placed before it. The unofficial testi
mony of those officers who gave it as
their belief that something from beneath
had caused the explosion of the forward
magazine has been borne out by the re
ports of the divers from the first day they
went down into the forward part of the
ship.
Operations yesterday were conducted under im
proved conditions and the evidence gathered was more
convincing. Of course, the deliberations of the board
of inquiry are in absolute secrecy, but I am in, a posi
tion to state that they yesterday obtained most im
portant evidence. . J , ..-■.-.'•
Among other things found at the bottom of the
harbor were several cans of powder, perfectly intact.
Had the explosion first occurred in either of the for
ward magazines every grain of powder, it is argued,
would have disappeared, but if the explosion first came
from the outside the cans might easily reach water
without exploding.
• Besides powder cans the board may have other
evidence. It is impossible to say just what evidence j
they do obtain, for the Spanish officials are --constantly
at the wreck and jealously watch what the divers may
bring up and eagerly hear what they have to say.
The divers, however, make all . their reports on
board the Fern, and all suspicious finds are merely
located and not brought to the surface yet.
At the bottom of the harbor they are waist deep
in mud and searching is slow. work. There is only
one diver's lamp at present available. The man at
k the bow of the Maine used this yesterday. He .was
below fully three hours in the afternoon. Part of that
time was spent in examining the hull of the ship.
The investigations are being ' watched here v with
./^reat interest, and in some quarters with alarm. The
The San Francisco Call
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
AN ABSURD RUMOR.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— A
Washington special to the
Herald says: Reports that Sen
ator Proctor had gone to Cuba
on a special mission for the
President are officially and em
phatically denied at the White
House and the State Depart
ment The Senator left here
about a week ago for a fishing
trip in Florida waters. He said
at that time he might go to Hav
ana if he could find some con
genial friend to go with him.
The authorities here do not
know whether he has gone to
Havana, and pronounce as ab
surd the statement that he is to
meet General Lee for the pur
pose of bringing confidential re
ports to Washington. They can
see no reason for making mes
senger-boys out of United States
Senators, especially when Con
sul-General Lee could readily
secure the detail of a naval of
ficer if he wished to send any
thing he was afraid to trust to
the regular channels.
official and conservative ele
ment prefers to not talk
of war openly — at any rate,
till there is proven good
excuse for it, but Wey
le^s old officers and friends
would welcome war with
the United States. Captain-
General Blanco wants peace,
but he is placed in a very
trying position. If foul
play to the Maine is proved
he may have to bear the
responsibility, without hav
ing been in any way to
blame. I do not suppose
he knew there was a mine
in the harbor.
If there are mines they
were laid in Weyler's time,
and, as I cabled the Herald
on Sunday, when Weyler
left Cuba he carried away
all the plans and records
from the palace.
Judging from reports re
ceived from the country
towns some of the Spanish
officers stationed there are
eager to fight the United
States. They fimly believe
they could easily down the
stars and stripes both on
land and sea.
llf Spain could send
200,000 men to a small
island like Cuba," they say,
"how many could she send
to the United States ?"
Most of these officers ser
ved under Weyler, and were
promised promotion by him
before he left. While there
may be but little danger of
conflict between Spain and
the United States, yet
Americans residing here
take the matter seriously,
and all the more so for the
reason that now they are ab
solutely unprotected should
there be any outbreak of the
mob.
The naval court of inquiry into the
Maine disaster, on whose deliberations
The United States Lighthouse Tender Mangrove, on Board of Which the Maine Board oF Inquiry Is Conducting
Its Investigations in Havana Harbor.
RETIRED OFFICERS SUMMONED.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 23.— Following the report that an order had
been received at the United States Embassy at London, directing all
officers of the United States at present in England on leave to return
to their ships at once, it was learned to-day that all retired naval of
cers of the United States had received notice from Secretary Long, di
recting them to place themselves in communication with the Navy De
partment.
A retired naval officer of this city, who has served under Admiral
Farragut, said that the notice applied to about 300 naval officers
throughout the country on the retired list. It was of a confidential na
ture, but its provisions were the effect that officers under 62 years of
age who could paws a physical examination showing themselves to be
fit for duty would be required to hold themselves in readiness for serv
ice at a moment's notice from Washington. *
All who received the communication were asked to acknowledge its
receipt immediately, giving any prospective change of address.and plac
ing themselves unreservedly at the disposal of the Government.
are centered the eyes of the civilized
world, will probably conclude its work
in Havana to-morrow night, or Friday
at the latest Its conclusion will be
unanimous, the court being composed
of three members apart from its judge
advocate, Lieutenant - Commander
Marix, who. under the prevailing naval
custom, will not have a voice in the
decision.
Under the evidence there is no possi
bility of so inclusive a result as a dead
lock, *such as might occur where the
verdict depended on the votes of four
men.
But it is possible to-night to state not
only that no deadlock is possible, but
that there is not the slightest probability
of there being a dissenting minority re
port filed in behalf of even one member
of the board.
The work of the naval experts ap
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy to
probe the Maine disaster has been done
thus far thoroughly and expeditiouslv.
There has been no undue or unseemly
haste. A detailed stenographic report
of each day's proceedings has been read
carefully at the opening of each suc
ceeding day, and full time has been
given to the hearing of the evidence of
every witness. But the number of wit
nesses whose testimony is pertinent to
a just conclusion is limited, and most
of them have been heard already. It is
for this reason, and this only, that the
court sessions in Havana are not likely
to be so protracted as the general pub
lic was prone to believe. The probabili
ties are that all the members of the
Board of Inquiry will go to Key West
within forty-eight hours. Its sittings
will be resumed there, but the testimony
there elicited, it is believed, will not be
of a character either to add materially
to the facts already established or to
alter the conclusions already practically
reached. It is just possible that trie
court's stay in Havana may be ex
tended a few days longer should impor
tant discoveries be made by the expert
divers of the Merritt-Chapman wreck
ing tug, the Right Arm, who arrived
with their vessel from Key West and
began work this morning.
The men of the Right Arm have one
great advantage over the Government
divers who have done all the submarine
work hitherto. The big wrecking tug is
thoroughly equipped with apparatus for
excavating and pumping out the grave
of mud in which all now left of the once
proud battleship lies buried. This will
make it practicable for them to obtain
a much better view of the Maine's shat
tered bottom and bows than has been
possible for the naval divers of the
Maine, the New York and the lowa,
who have had to work without such ap
pliances. It is not believed, however,
that the work of excavating will add ma
terially to the information already in
possession of the court, though it will
probably tend to confirm it. .In any
case, the court's report is far more likely
to be heard on the report already made
by divers who are regularly enlisted
men in the naval arm of the Govern
ment service than upon any testimony
that might be given by men who, how
ever expert they may be, are the em
ployes of a private corporation uncon
nected with the naval department except
through a business contract.
The magnitude of the issue involved
in the finding of the board and the im
portance of the results which hinge
largely on evidence given by these div
ers is so great that the naval board pre
fers to rest its case practically on the
testimony given by those attached to the
Government service. Unfortunately for
the public, eager for the settlement of
the vexed question of who caused the
Maine's loss, it is not certain that the
public announcement of conclusions
reached by the court will follow imme
diately upon the report of these con
clusions made to the Secretary of the
Navy. In the discretion of the depart
ment, it is not unlikely thajt the publica
tion may be somewhat delayed. It is
even possible that, for prudent reasons,
the filing of the court's report may itself
be delayed beyond the date when its ex
peditious work would seem to bear out
the conclusion of its labors.
There were four witnesses before the
board to-day. The same strict secrecy
is maintained over the deliberations, but
I can assert on high authority that lit
tle new light was thrown on the dis
aster by those examined to-day.
Chief Engineer C. P. Powell of the
Maine testified as to the condition of
the boilers and engines, and also de
tailed his personal experience after the
disaster, but since the theory of boiler
explosion having caused the calamity
has been long since dismissed as un
tenable, his evidence was not materially
important. Other witnesses lasted from
10:30 o'clock this morning until 3
o'clock in the afternoon. None of the
divers testified to-day.
Captain Magee of the Merritt-Chap
man wrecking tug said to me yester
day in Key West that he was confident
that by means of a cofferdam he could
succeed in raising the wrecked battle
ship and could ultimately tow her to
Key West. . At that time Captain Magee
hard not actually seen the tangled mass
of rubbish that was once the gallant
ship. To-day, since he has seen it, he
was inclined to believe that all that he
or anybody can do is perhaps recover
the guas and some other valuable ap
purtenances of the Maine, and then,
with dynamite drags and derricks, clear
from Havana harbor, where it now me
naces navigation, the smoke begrimed
wreck, above which still floats patheti
cally the ensign of the United States.
There is, indeed, little left to save. The
great ship is literally riven apart from
her keel up, and from her sharp spurred
prow to a point far aft her midship sec
Continued on Second Put*.
THE MONTGOMERY
ORDERED TO SAIL
TO CUBA'S CAPITAL
She Will Take the Place of the 111-
Fated Maine in the Harbor
of the Hostile City
of Havana.
TAMPA, Fla., Feb. 23.— The
United States cruiser Montgomery,
Commander Converse, arrived at
Port Tampa at 9 o 'clock this morn
ing and Captain Crowninshield, Chief
of the Bureau of Navigation, who
was on board, left at once for Wash
ington, shortly after Commander
Converse notified the department of
the arrival of the vessel. He re
ceived orders to coal at once and
leave as soon as possible for Key
West and then proceed to Havana,
unless otherwise ordered upon ar
rival at Key West.
While the vessel was coaling I went on
board and talked with the officers. They
said the vessel left Key West three weeks
ago for Matanzas, Cuba. Captain Crownin
shield was on board, and the object of the
cruise was to ascertain the most available
point for a coaling station. From Matanzas
the Montgomery proceeded to Santiago, and
the officers say that at both places they were
received with the utmost courtesy by the
Spanish officials and the citizens generally.
They left Santiago on the night of the
disaster on the Maine, but heard nothing of
it until they arrived in San Domingo last
Friday, when the United States Consul in
formed Commander Converse he had been
advised that the Maine had been blown up
in Havana harbor.
None of the officers were disposed to be
lieve the report, and they knew nothing of
the particulars until they arrived here to
day. While Commander Converse and the
other officers are not disposed to express an
opinion as to the cause of the disaster, the
men talk freely and express the opinion that
it was the work of Spaniards. All of the
men are anxious for a fight. Captain
Crowninshield was the first commander of
the Maine after she was commissioned, and
was shocked this morning when he heard the
story of the accident and the large number
of men killed.
"I am thoroughly familiar with every
detail of the construction of the Maine,"
said he, "but I do not care to express an
opinion as to how the casualty occurred, as
Captain Sigsbee has declined to express an
opinion. Ido not believe any other officer of
the navy will venture one. The Maine was
a fine vessel and her loss is a severe blow to
the navy, but the loss of so many brave men
is a far greater blow."
On board the Montgomery are ten men
transferred from the Maine just before that
vessel sailed for Havana. These men shed
tears when they learned the fate of so many
of their former comrades. The Montgomery
will leave fer Key West at 5 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. In entering the bay of a
small port on the coast of Hayii she ran
PRICE FIVE CE NTS.
aground on a sand bar, but was got off with
out sustaining any damage.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— Simultaneously
with the departure of the Texas and Nash
ville from Calveston for Key West the Mar
ble head will leave New Orleans and the De
troit will leave Mobile for Key West. These
movements are part of the orders given early
this month before the Maine disaster. The
Navy Department has received no notifica
tion of the actual sailing of the four ships
up to noon, but this was expected to come
during the day in view of the definite or
ders heretofore given for their sailing on
the 23d.
The result will be to bring together again
a large number of vessels under Admirat
Sicard at Key West and the immediate vicin-.
ity. They will be the New York, Indiana,,
Massachusetts, Texas, lowa, Marblehead,
Detroit, Nashville, Montgomery, Ericsson and
Cushing.
The torpedo-boats Porter and Dupont are
in the dry dock at Mobile, and are not ex
pected to be ready to go to Key West foi*
several days. The Brooklyn is cruising
in the West Indies, at present en routa
from St. Thomas to Vera Cruz.
TERROR AWAITING
ORDERS TO SAIU
Remains at Her Dock at the Nor-«
folk Navy- Yard Under Full
Steam.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Richmond*
(Va.) special to the Herald says: AJ>
state of expectancy, not to say sur-«
prise, pervades the Norfolk navy-yard.
At noon to-day the Secretary of the-
Navy was notified that the Terror wa»
ready for sea, and an immediate re-.
sponse was expected that she would bej
notified to sail for New York. The ves
sel lay at her dock the whole after-* .
noon under full steam, momentarily
expecting orders that did not come.
Captain Ludlow, her commander, was
on the dock most of the time, and,
while supervising tests that were be-,
ing made of the ammunition hoist, was
asked when he would sail.
"I would like very much to knew!;
myself," was his response. "The ves-n
sel is ready to move at a moment's;
notice and you know as much about it,
as I do."
Commodore Farquhar, the command-,
ant, said:
"Yes, I have reported the Terror
ready for sea. Her orders to leave the
yard will come through me, though
any sealed orders may be sent direct
to her commander. At this time no
one here knows what the orders will
be or whither the vessel will be sent.
She may leave this afternoon, or she
may not leave this week."
Referring to the fighting qualities of
the Terror and ships of her class, Com
modore Farquhar saifl:
"I have the highest confidence in
the ability of monitors as defenders. In
still water they are splendidly effec
tive The Puritan is, I consider, un
dar favorable conditions the finest2
A TORPEDO DESTROYED THE MAINE
TORPEDOES AND
MINES FOR KEY
WEST'S DEFENSE
Elaborate Submarine Sys
tem to Protect the Lower
Coast of Florida.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— A Key West (Fla.) special to the Herald says:
The result of the order recently issued by the Navy Department, di
recting its officer? not to give information regarding the movements of
vessels or hold interviews with members of the press, has almost been
construed to mean that all social intercourse between naval officials
and citizens must be restricted to ordinary compliments of the day. All
efforts to obtain the slightest information from officers of the Maine or
other naval attaches at this place who up to yesterday were more com
municative have proved unavailing.
I made an effort to investigate the truth of the report circulated
to-day to the effect that the Government was making active but secret
warlike preparations along the Florida coast. While the authorities
would neither affirm nor deny the report they positively declined to give
any information on the subject. lam convinced, however, that the
Government. In anticipation of an early rupture with Spain, is taking
every possible precaution to protect this point.
The system of defense proposed contemplates the placing of submar
ine torpedoes and other explosives in the waters of all harbors and
channels within a radius of thirty miles around Key West, where a hos
tile fleet might seek anchorage, either voluntarily or through stress of
weather. These torpedoes are to be connected with the shore, whence
they will be exploded. As but a few of the surrounding Keys are in
habited the aim of the Government will be directed to protect only its
fortification at the Tortugas.
A most persistent rumor which has been In circulation here for the
past few days is to the effect that Consul-General Lee was to leave Ha
vana for the United States. His mission is said to be to confer with
the authorities at Washington. Yesterday it was reported that he had
sailed from Havana on board some Government vessel for Tampa,
where a special train awaited to take him to Washington. The Herald
correspondent at Havana gave a flat denial to that report by cabling
the presence of Consul Lee at Havana last night. To-day the rumor
again finds persistent reiteration, with a few slight variations.
Reports to-night emanating apparently from Jacksonville state that
Lee has embarked on board the torpedo boat Cushlng at Havana and
is en route to Key West, where he will meet General Proctor, former
Secretary of War, who was coming here by rail, and who has been
sent by President McKinley to confer with the Consul-General.
fighting ship in the navy. We are
much in need of men here, especially
ship fitters and iron workers. We
are going to have plenty of work here
from indications."
Referring to Senator Morgan's reso
lution suggesting the construction of a
battle-ship equal to any in the world,
to be named the George Washington,
the work to be done in a year, Com
modore Farquhar said the work could
not be done in that time in the best
equipped yard in the country.
The Tredegar Iron Works, in this
city, are working a large force making
solid shells of large size for the Gov
ernment. The managers of the works
Bay they have received no hurry or
ders, but they have been working a
full force on these projectiles for
months. Lieutenant Marye of the
army is here inspecting the projectiles
turned out. An agent was here to
day from Norfolk looking for iron
molders and found all of \hat class of
workmen engaged.
AN OUTSIDE
EXPLOSION,
Continued from First Page.
tion. Even from these to her extreme
stern there is scarcely a plate in her
frame that is not sprung or shivered so
severely . as to preclude ho.pe that she
can ever be made worthy of reconstruc
tion.
This is what the divers say, and what
all naval men tell you. though they tell
you even that, as they tell elsewhere,
with the understanding that they must
not be quoted. The strict orders issued
by the department have sealed all lips.
One of the great turrets of the Maine,
containing its huge ten-inch guns, has
not even been located yet by the divers.
It seems to have been blown completely
free of the ship, and will probably be
found ultimately buried in the mud at
some distance from the side of the
wreck. It is this turret which was lo
cated directly above the magazine con
taining the ten-inch ammunition.
In contradiction of the narrative told
by a passenger on a harbor ferry boat
on the night of the explosion, who as
serts that he distinctly saw a great col
umn of water rise at one time, Inspector
Perez of the harbor police to-day as
serted positively that no such column of
watf was visible as is usually caused
by a submarine explosion of a torpedo
or mine. Inspector Perez, on the night
of the explosion, stood on Machina
whan* watching through a glass the
Ward Line steamer City of Washing
ton, moored close by the Maine. When
the explosion occurred the glass fell
from his hands, but despite the blinding
flash he insists there was no upheaval oi
water, but only a seething, booming vol
cano of fire, followed by an awful rain
of iron and blazing timbers.
Local newspapers are not permitted
to publish any news concerning what is
going on in Washington, and all Ameri
can papers coming by to-day's mail have
been called for by the censor, whu will
seize all containing any disturbing news.
So far as I can ascertain, the Spanish
authorities are making no attempt to
find out if a plot to blow up the Maine
existed. They seem to take it for
granted that there was no foul play and
that the explosion was the result of ac
cident. I have, however, heard army
officers use the following expressions:
"Hemus salido com nuester proposit
que el Maine no saldra del porto." (We
have carried out our purpose that the
Maine should not leave this port.)
Consul-General Lee has received the
following communication from a recon
centrado of Havana:
Honorable General Fitzhugh Lee,
Consul-General of the United States:
There can be no better occasion than
this to express to a great and generous
nation our feeling of sympathy and
gratitude. Those of us who, thanks
to Divine Providence, have survived
after the hateful work of reconcentra
tion because the American heart was
inflamed with immense and pious pity
for our misfortune, come to you,
worthy representative of the American
Government, to let you know that you
make it known to the noble nation that
you represent that we join you in your
grief for the horrible incident of the
Maine, and we raise pleadings to the
Most High to take to his bosom the
souls of the victims of duty.
LOS RECONCENTRADOS.
Havana, Feb. 15.
Meanwhile., the rebels are unusually
active. Only yesterday, near Candelaria,
I in this Province, the rebel chief, Mayia
Rodriguez, defeated a Spanish battalion
under Major Rivera. Major Rivera was
killed and many wounded have been
taken to Candelaria. From all Prov
inces come reports of engagements.
THE PRESIDENT IS
IN FEAR OF WAR.
Apprehension That the Sagasta Gov
ernment Is Not Strong Enough
to Hold Weylerites in
Check.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: President McKinley
has not wavered from his determination
to soberly and judiciously weigh all the
evidence as to the Maine disaster be
fore coming to any conclusion as to
the cause or shaping any new Cuban
policy.
There is no denying that he is soli
citous as to the .outcome. He realizes
that any decision of the court of in
quiry which will not clearly establish
that the catastrophe was the result of
an accident occurring in the interior of
the ship may precipitate a crisis in Cuba
or so crystallize public opinion in this
country as to force a rupture with
Spain.
He is not unmindful of the possibili
ties of the situation, as clearly indicated
by the military and naval preparations
which have been made and which are
now in progress. The President and
all of his advisers nevertheless very
much deprecate war talk and are coun
seling conservatism and prudence in all
quarters.
There will be no change in the gen
eral Cuban policy until the Maine mys
tery is thoroughly cleared up. I was
told to-day that the President, fearing
he might further aggravate the situa
tion, has determined to hold back the
Cuban correspondence which is beine
prepared for transmission to Congress
until the responsibility for the Maine
disaster has been fixed, unless the de
liberations of the court of inquiry
should be unduly prolonged.
Even if the result of the investigation
should show that the disaster was due
to treachery the authorities believe it
will still be possible to avoid war unless
Spain takes a stand which will make no
other course possible. In the opinion
of administration officials the imme
diate cause for danger is the political
situation in Spain and in Cuba. They
have information to confirm the Her
ald advices from Havana this moraine
that there is a strong suspicion that the
volunteers — anti-American and Wey
lerite — are likely to make trouble in
case the investigation proves that the
disaster wa^ due to design.
It has been the earnest belief of the
officials here that if the explosion oc
curred from the exterior it was the
work of a Weylerite' It is this element
that has caused most concern here.
The administration has the most
friendly and cordial relations with the
Sagasta Ministry and has never
doubted its sincerity in its efforts to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
restore peace in Cuba, but the authori
ties have doubted the ability of the
Ministry to do so in the face of the
bitter opposition of the old regime. If.
as suspected, the Weylerites are respon
sible for the blowing up of the Maine,
it is assumed that these men will make
further trouble for the Sagasta Gov
ernment, not only in Cuba, but in
Madrid. Especially is it believed that
this would be true if Governor- General
Blanco should attempt to punish the
guilty persons if they can be found.
It is this phase of the situation, it is
believed, which has prompted Consul-
General Lee to quietly notify Ameri
cans in Havana that it might be we'll
for them to take their families to a
place of safety,- as indicated by the dis
patches to the Herald from there this
morning. Officially, however, nothing
is known at the State Department about
such warnings. Assistant Secretary
Day said this evening that no instruc
tions to this effect had been given to
Consul-General Lee and that up to this
time he had not informed the depart*
merit that he had advised Americans to
leave the island. The authorities all ad
mit, however, that the situation is ex
tremely delicate, and until there has
been an improvement they probably
would not advise Americans to take
their families to Cuba if their opinion
should be asked. In response to in
quiries they still advise shippers that
there is nothing alarming in the present
situation which would make it unsafe to
send vessels to Cuban ports.
Secretary Gage, Secretary Long and
Attorney-General Griggs all positively
declared to-day that they saw nothing
alarming in the present situation. The
same conservative view of the situation
is taken by leading Republican Senators
in close' touch with the administration.
WRECKING EXPEDITION
STARTS FOR HAVANA.
Sails Two Days Ahead of Time on
Urgent Orders From Wash
ington.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Imperative
dispatches from the Navy Department
gave a sudden impetus to-night to the
expedition contracted for with the Mer
ritt & Chapman Wrecking and Dredg
ing Company. Preparations were pro
ceeding quickly looking to the depart
ure of the expedition Friday next, but
the dispatches ordered an immediate
start, and after extra exertion the
wrecking tug R. J. Merritt and the
deep-sea barge Frederick Sharp left
Stapleton, S. 1., shortly after 11 o'clock
to-night, bound for Havana. Captain
Frederick Sharp is in charge, with fifty
experienced wreckers and two deep
sea divers. Two other divers left by
rail on Tuesday. The tug and barge
are provisioned for a ten-day voyage,
but it is expected that they will reach
Havana in less than a week. It is the
most complete wrecking expedition
ever put into service. Captain Sharp is
one of the best known wreckers on the
coast and commands a crew of picked
men.
The Merritt Is a seagoing tug of the
heaviest type. She is commanded by
Captain Davis Walcott. The barge is
seventy feet long, fitted with a double
set of gear and supplied with derricks,
16-inch hawsers, heavy chains, etc.
Thirteen pumps are carried, ranging
from five to twenty inches in diameter,
the largest with a capacity for pump
ing eighty barrels a minute.
Upon the receipt of the urgent orders
of the Navy Department to-night mes
sengers hurried into Thompkinsville
for supplies, and in a half hour wagons
laden with provisions were on their
way to the company's yard at Steple
ton. While the stores were being load
ed the bunkers were being filled with
coal and the crew, summoned unex
pectedly, was reporting for duty one
by one. Not a moment was wasted
unnecessarily and the expedition
steamed away two days ahead of the
time originally scheduled, but accord
ing to orders.
HUNDREDS OF MEN
SEEKING TO ENLIST.
Crowds of Volunteers Throng a
Military Headquarters at St.
Louis.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A St. Louis
special to the Herald says: Over 600
men have applied to the armory of the
First Regiment of the Missouri Na
tional Guard asking to be allowed to
enlist. While the regiment is now full,
papers have been circulated there and
a majority "of the applicants have
signed the roll. Members of regiments
have been ordered to report every
night for drill.
A call has been issued for Sunday,
when the Busch Zouaves will be organ
ized. They will be commanded by Cap
tain T. Ross Roemer. who was formerly
a captain In the Cuban army, but who
returned to St. Louis a few months ago.
As soon as organized it will report to
Governor Stephens as ready for duty
when the President calls upon Missouri
for troops. Ex-Sergeant Zucker of
Company F, First Regiment, has
opened a recruiting station for volun
teers and already a large number have
called" and signed their names. Dr.
Helwig of the City Dispensary staff
has also begun enlisting recruits.
The greatest excitement prevails
around the armory, which is the head
quarters of the First Regiment. The
regiment is complete on a war footing,
with a full equipment for campaign. It
could be moved within twenty-four
hours.
At Jefferson Barracks a sham battle
was fought to-day, and it is under
stood it will be repeated daily.
GOVIN ACCUSES THE
ENEMIES OF AUTONOMY
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— Senor An
tonio Govin cables the following:
HAVANA, Cuba. Feb. 23, 1898.
To the Editor of the Herald: Words at
tributed to me regarding Messrs. Sagasta,
Canovas and McKlnley are entirely faJse
imputations of the enemies of autonomy.
They think that I am a strong supporter
oi' the new regime and they intend to dis
credit It by means of falsehoods.
I have always regarded Senor Sagasta
as an advocate of Justice and liberty for
Cubans. Cuba is already a free country
under the Spanish flag. GOVIN.
Troops Held in Readiness.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 23.— A dispatch
to the Journal from Leavenworth,
Kans., says a state of tension exists
at Fort Leavenworth to-night, caused
by the receipt of telegraphic orders to
have the entire command in readiness
to move at twenty-four hours' notice.
Preparations have been completed for
any emergency, and it is said that the
organizations of Infantry and cavalry
can be moved on cix hours' notice.
BUSY DAY IN
ARMY CIRCLES
General Shafter Arrives
and Consults With
His Staff.
Guards and Patrols Have
Been Doubled at the
Presidio.
Each Post Has Provisions and Equip
ment Sufficient for a Six-Months'
Campaign.
General Shafter, U. S. A., command
ing the Department of California, was
in the city yesterday for the first time
since the orders directing extra meas
ures of vigilance in guarding the maga
zines an* high-power guns went into
effect. He had a busy day at army
headquarters consulting with the mem
bers of his staff and officers stationed
at the Presidio. He did not make a
personal inspection of the works de
fending the harbor nf San Francisco, as
he found it necessary to go south on
the evening train of the Southern Pa
cific.
General Shafter was engaged for
some time with Lieutenants Noble and
Wiley of his personal staff, Colonel
James M. Moore, chief quartermaster;
Colonel John B. Babock. adjutant gen
eral, and Major Edward Field, artil
lery inspector of the department. Much
of the business related to routine mili
tary duty, and had no special signifi
cance. General Shafter is satisfied
that the measures taken to guard the
guns and munitions of war at the Pre
sidio are ample.
Colonel Moore, chief quartermaster
of the department, who promptly pro
vided the transportation for the ammu
nition recently sent to Lime Point_and
other forts of the harbor, will leave for
San Diego to-day or to-morrow.
Although army officers stationed In
this city and vicinity are reticent' in
giving <»ut information as to the tac
tics they will pursue in case of an
emergency, nevertheless it is a fact
that important instructions 'have been
received from the War Department,
and the commanding officers of thesev
eral posts in the harbor are seeing that
these instructions are being carried out
to the letter. At the Presidio every
thing appears quiet on the surface, but
there is an undercurrent of activity go
ing on that a casual observer would
not notice. The guards and patrols
have been doubled, and every precau
tion is being tak»n to meet all emer
CAPTAIN CARLOS DE LA CASA.
It transpires that Captain C. de la Casa, military attache of the Spanish
legation In Washington, D. C, has been sojourning in San Francisco for the
past four weeks as the guest of Felipe de Castro, the Spanish Consul in
this city. Captain de la Casa is an artillery officer of experience and a gen
tleman of polish and fine attainments. He received a Call reporter most
courteously at the residence of the Spanish Consul at 1306 Polk street last
evening, but declined to speak of the relations between Spain and the United
States or to discuss the disaster to the battle-ship Maine beyond making
the statement that he had called on the admiral of the United States navy
and the general commanding this department of the United States army to
express his sympathy.
When the distinguished Spanish officer arrived here some weeks since he
made his representations to the naval and military authorities of this de
partment. Since then he has participated in some social functions and
passed the time agreeably with his old friend Felipe de Castro.
When it was suggested to the captain that he had had opportunity since
his arrival in California to make many military observations which might
prove acceptable to hts country for future use he raised his hands in protest
against this line of inquiry.
While no deep significance is attached to the presence In San Francisco
of the military attache of the Spanish legation, it may be readily accepted
as a fact that the officer in question haa had opportunity to observe at
leisure the general line of harbor defense and to form a pretty accurate
estimate of the number, caliber and location of the guns guarding the en
trance to the bay.
It Is expected of the military officer of a legation that he will in his
travels in a foreign country make and note such observations as may be
useful at some future time to the military or naval departments of his own
country. It is quite natural to suppose that Captain de la Casa has not
neglected his official duties in this regard. It is not expected that he will
take the newspapers into his confidence, but It should cause no surprise if
it should be disclosed that Spain has accurate maps and recent data re
lating to fortifications on the Pacific Coast of the United State*.
gencies. The troops stationed at the
posts in the harbor are in readiness
at a moment's notice to respond to any
emergency, and if occasion requires to
move to points where needed. A six
months' supply of clothing and equip
ment is on hand at each post, and in
case a larger supply is required it can
be obtained from the general depot of
the quartermaster's department in this
city.
The military organization of the De
partment of California comprises the
First Infantry, Third Artillery and
four troops of the Fourth Cavalry—
about 1800 men and 125 officers.
The Presidio is the largest post in the
army, and is garrisoned by four bat-,
teries of the Third Artillery, four
troops of the Fourth Cavalry and eight
companies of the First Infantry. Col
onel Evan Miles, who commands the
post, is a war veteran whP entered the
regular service in August, 1861. The
colonel served with the Fifth Army
Corps, Army of the Potomac, and was
engaged in the battles of Second Bull
Run, Antietam, Fredricksburg, Chan
oellorsville and Gettysburg. His un
blemished record shows that in case
of hostilities the Presidio under his
administration will be safely guarded.
The next officer in rank at the Pre
sidio is Lieutenant Colonel Edward
Williston, who commands the artillery
forces at the post. Colonel Williston
entered the service from California in
August, 1861. For gallant and meri
torious services at Salem Heights, Va.,
in the Gettysburg campaign, in the
battle of Winchester, Va., he earned
the brevets of captain, major and lieu
tenant colonel. March 13, 1865, he was
brevetted colonel for gallant and meri
torious services during the war.
Colonel Marcus P. Miller. Third Ar
tillery, commands Angel Island. Col
onel Miller is another war veteran,
having entered West Point from Mas
sachusetts in 1854. and was graduated
in 1858. He served in the War of the
Rebellion and took an active part in
the battle of Malvern Hill, campaign
from Winchester to Richmond, and
battle of Dinwiddie Court House. He
earned the brevets of captain, major
and lieutenant colonel. For gallant
and meritorious services in action
against Indians in the lava beds of
California, April, 1873, and special gal
lantry and military ability in action
against Indians at the Clearwater,
Idaho, July, 1577, he was brevetted col
onel, February, 1890.
In army circles of this department
the war talk is largely discounted.
The veteran officers who were engaged
in the battles of the Civil War reason
that a conflict is possible, but not
probable. They are content to leave
the question of declaring war to Con
gress and the executive department of
the national Government. The younger
officers grow indignant at the thought
of hostilities between Spain and the
United States, and fancy that all the
war talk emanates from sensational
press correspondents. It passes their
comprehension that Congress should
think of permitting war without con
sulting the army.
Colonel John S. Mosby, the noted
Confederate leader of cavalry, takes a
keen interest in the war news. He
does not entertain the thought that
the Spanish Government had anything
to do with the- disaster to the battle
ship Maine, but holds that Spain has
every reason to avoid a conflict with
the United States.
"Spain is in a position." said the
Colonel, "somewhat similar to that of
the North when the Civil War came.
BOASTS THAT
PORTENDED ILL
TO AMERICANS
Spaniards in Havana Had Said
That February 20 Would
Long Be Remembered.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A dispatch to an evening paper from Key
West says: Spanish boasts that something would happen on the 20th
of February that would cause the Americans to remember the day were
heard in Havana for some time before the Maine disaster by Mrs. G.
E. Alexander, who arrived from Havana to-day. She is one of many
Americans who have considered it advisable to leave Havana within the
last few days. Another arrival to : day is Mrs. Brunner, the wife of the
Marine Hospital Inspector in Havana. She is in Key West, en route
to her home in Georgia. The fact that her husband thought fit to
send her away from Havana is one of the best indications of impend
ing trouble there.
"I did not fear myself," said Mrs. Brunner, "but my husband felt
that it was better I should come away. He had no intention of sending
us north until after the sinking of the Maine. Then he grew anxious.
After several Americans had procured health certificates from him to
send their families away he came to the conclusion that the children
and I were safer out of Havana. I was not disturbed at any time, but
after the riots there last month Americans generally came to the con
clusion that Havana was. not safe. The arrival of the Maine gave us
a sense of security, but when she was sunk, the condition of affairs was
worse than before."
Mrs. Alexander also was sent out of Havana by her husband, who
feared for her safety while there. Mtb. Alexander said:
"The feeling against Americans began to grow most bitter about
the time the President issued his proclamation calling for supplies for
starving reconcentrados. This was regarded by the Spanish in Havana
as actual intervention by the United States, and it greatly embittered
the Spanish against us. We knew there would be no safety for us if a
serious outbreak occurred. There were many boasts uttered by the
Spaniards that the 20th of February wauld be marked by an event
that would make the date remembered by Americans; but we never
connected this prediction with any danger to the Maine, as we were
expecting an outbreak against our fellow-countrymen in the city.
"That there is any connection between the boasts and the disaster
I am not certain, but the fact that two weeks previous the air was
filled with rumors of dire happening to occur an a date only five days
removed from the time of the disaster to the Maine is of itself thought
to justify the belief that there was some foreknowledge of that hap
pening among the Spaniards of Havana."
A number of other Americans who fled from Havana have passed
through Key West, en route north.
The North did not want war with a
foreign nation, and so gave up Mason
and Slidell after they were taken fr*>m
a British ship. In the South we hoped
that the North would not surrender
the prisoners. We wanted to see Eng
land get in and blockade Northern
ports. The Government at Washing
ton was ready to make any reasonable
concession to avoid war with England.
Spain is bending her energies to sup
press the rebellion in Cuba. She would
have everything to lose and nothing to
gain in a war with the United States.
"If war comes I shall offer my ser
vices," continued Colonel Mosby. "Yes,
my health is all right, barring the loss
of one eye. I am stronger now than
when I went into the army in 1861. I j
could endure the hardships of a cam
paign in Cuba. At the time of the
Virginius affair, when war with Spain
Beemed imminent, I called on President
Grant and told him that I was ready
and willing to go. I assured him that
the men of the South were willing to
support the Government of the United :
States in the field. While I was talk
ing to General Grant, Hamilton Fish,
of the Cabinet, came in and remarked
that the affair with Spain was in a
fair way of adjustment without resort
to war. I do not believe that Spain
was wrong in the Virginius contro- j
versy. She did what England or the j
United States would have done." •
SOBRAL SAYS HE HAS
NOT BEEN DEPOSED
Insists That He Is Still Naval At-
tache to the Spanish Legation.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Lieutenant
Jose Gutierrez Sobral, who has been
naval attache of the Spanish Legation
in Washington, is quoted as denying
he has been relieved from his duties as !
such. He made an unfavorable criti
cism of the United States navy recent
ly In an interview printed in the Her
ald apropos of the Maine disaster. His
remarks were regarded as indiscreet |
and his conduct was disapproved by
Senor Dubose, Spanish Charge d'Af
falres in Washington, who declared
that Lieutenant Sobral had ceased to
be an official of the legation about two
months ago. He was said to be now
only a private citizen. Las Novedades,
a semi-official press organ ,of the
Spanish consulate in this city, printed
this paragraph to-day:
"Lieutenant Jose Gutierrez Sobral. in
a polite note of yesterday's date, begs
us to make it known that notwith
standing the statements in the Ameri
can press to the contrary, Jie con
tinues to be naval attache of the
Spanish Legation In Washington, as
he has received no notice or order to
the contrary. We oblige Senor Sobral
as requested. 1 '
Twenty Corpses Found.
HAVANA, Feb. 23.— T0-day has been
the quietest since the explosion. The
wounded are all doing well, except
Frederick C. Holzer, who is slightly
worse. The divers have been continu
ally at work, but the results of their
labors, so far as they would throw
light on the cause of the explosion,
are kept strictly for the court of in
quiry.
" It is reported that twenty bodies
have been found under the forward
hatches, but only three have been re
moved owing to the mass of chains
and wreckage in the way.
The Olivette's passenger list for Key
West to-day was larger than usual.
Will Be Floated To-Day.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 23.—Impera
tive orders were issued to-day to the
painters working on the cruiser Min
neapolis, in the drydock at League
Island, that they must finish her so
that she can be floated at high tide to
morrow. The force of men has been
enlarged; they worked until dusk to
night and will resume at daylight in
the morning. The navy-yard was
crowded to-day with men desiring to
enlist, but only a few were accepted.
CZARINA SERIOUSLY ILL.
She Is Stricken With Smallpox and
Great Alarm Is Felt.
NTjTVV YORK, Feb. 23.— A special cable
to a morning paper fjrorrt Vienna says
that the CzarinJt has been stricken with
smallpox. She Is in a delicate condition
and great alarm ia felt at Bt. Petersburg
for her safety.
"GOD HELP SPAIN," SAYS
REAR-ADMIRAL GHERARDI.
If a Torpedo Sunk the Maine, Her
Navy Will Be Wiped Out of
Existence.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Bridgeport
(Conn.) special to the Herald says:
"If the disaster to the battleship
Maine was caused by accident, well
and good, but if it was an act of treach
ery and the immediate cause was a tor
! pedo or mine, God help Spain," said
, Rear Admiral Bancroft Gherardi (re
tired) to me to-day.
"We have the cteanest navy in the
world," he continued, "not only the
cleanest, but we have the best fight
ing blood of any navy in the world.
The boys would ask for but twenty
four hours with the Spanish navy. I :
have the greatest respect in the world '
for the British navy, and so have the
rank and file of our navy, but we are
not afraid even of them, and certainly
we can have considerable confidence in
our ability to uphold the honor of the
country in a meeting with Spain's
navy.
"As to the defenseless condition of
the Connecticut coast, I do not care
to say much now. It is going to be
better some day, but even now the peo
ple of this State need not feel inse
cure, for it would not be an easy mas
ter for a foreign squadrofi to enter
Long Island Sound. War is to be
avoided if possible. Those who talk
the loudest about it have no conception
of its horrors."
Admiral Gherardi said that there was
no special significance in his visit to
the Navy Department. He is on the
retired list, but is subject to active
duty for the next five years in case of
necessity.
Detroit Sails.
MOBILE, Ala., Feb. 23.— The United
States cruiser Detroit left here to-day
for Key West.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■:
GOOD
HEALTH
Is the working capital of humanity. He who
.loses that Is wrecked Indeed. Is your health
falling ■ you, -, your : strength, ambition, vigor, .
manliness wasting away?
Pit •> *
drTsweany.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
• Diseases of Men and Women.
TOUNG MEN. Unnatural . drains, caused
through ■ abuses, errors of youth or excesses,
-r^sfo-res^S'a^d'^.'lty toWEAK
MEN. Organs sof the body which have been
weakened and are small or shrunken through
disease overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored to perfect health, strength, full power
and vitality through his i new and original sys-
tem 'of treatment. RUPTURK cured-. by hi«
new method, without knife, truss or detention •
from work, a painless, sure and permanent
m vAKICOOEI.K, hydrocele, swelling and
tenderness of the elands treated with unfall-
irc success. SYPHILIS In any of Its stages -
thoroughly : eradicated • - from - the * - system: •
I.ADIKS will receive special attention for all
their many : ailments. : WRITE .If you < cannot
FREE at office or by '
letter ' A valuable book. "Guide ' to -Health.",
free. -F. L. SWEANY, - M. D.. 737 Market St.,
opp. Grant aye., San .Francisco.-, Cal. ..<■ . -^
TOO LATE FOR CLASSIFICATION. ?
LOST on city: Brindle hound, with- black
.r nose; tag 9C«. ;•. Deliver to, MoCULJLOUGH. 901
; Battery, st., and receive reward. 1
_____ ; ■ — _ •. . _. . : .; : ;. " '
WANTED— Dishwasher at 629 DavU it. >;TIME IS COMING TO TALK OF WAR
STRONGER
PROOF OF
TREACHERY
41most Conclusive That
Spaniards Destroyed
the Maine.
Officials of the Navy Depart
ment Are About Ready to
Abandon the Theory of
an Internal Explosion.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The
Washington correspondent of
the Herald telegraphs: Im
portant conclusions were
reached by the authorities to
day as a result of an official
cablegram and unofficial ad
vices received in the mail from
Havana this morning. These
conclusions are: The boilers
of the ship did not explode,
and the responsibility for the
destruction of the Maine can
not be placed upon them. If a
bomb had been placed in the
coal and shoveled into the
furnace it would have caused
a boiler to explode. The coal
bunkers around the forward
magazine were, empty of coal
at the time of the catastrophe,
and spontaneous combustion
could not therefore have
caused the explosion of the
powder.
Rear Admiral Sicard of
ficially reported to the depart
ment that the forward half of
the ship was completely de
stroyed, showing, in the opin
ion of Secretary Long and oth
er experts of the department,
that the forward magazine did
explode.
Evidence is still lacking to
prove that the forward maga
zine was exploded by some ex
ternal agency, but it can no
Innper he denied that the nav
al officers in Havana are of
the opinion that the funda
mental cause was of outside
origin
'a Officially, the authorities have no in
*. rmation to this effect, but this opin
ion is freely expressed in private let
ters received at the Navy Department.
Secretary Long said to-day immedi
ately after the receipt of Rear Admiral
Sicard's dispatch telling of the condi
tion of the ill-fated ship that he had
nn doubt as to the explosion of the for
ward magazine. The cause of the
catastrophe, he declared, was still a
mystery and would be solved only
when the report of the Court of Inquiry
now investigating the affair \si s re
ceived.
Chief Naval Constructor Hichborn
told me this afternoon that he had ail
along been of the opinion that the for
ward magazine had exploded, but
while it is kn^wn that he believes an
external cause was responsible for the
destruction of the ship, he would not
Bay ho when I talked with him.
Experts of the Ordnance Bureau are
also positive that the explosion of the
forward magazine occurred, and they
say the mere fact that several loaded
cans of powder have been found does
not »indicate that there was no explo
sion there. It would naturally be the
case, I was told, that the bursting of
several cans of powder would drive
others through the air, landing them
on the water, where they would have
cooled and an explosion have been thus
prevented.
The conclusion reached by the au
thorities that the boilers did not ex
plode, and that a bomb in the coal
could not have caused the disaster,
were derived from a letter received
from an engineer officer who was on
duty on board the Maine and from
Rear Admiral Sicard's statement that
the afterhalf of the battle-ship was
practically intact. In the engineer's
letter it was stated that the boilers in
use at the time of the explosion were
boilers G and H, which are the boilers
farthest away from the forward mag
azine and In the half of the ship which
Rear Admiral Sicard reported was un-
injured.
To understand the importance of
this statement it must be understood
that the Maine was equipped with
eight boilers, divided by a bulkhead
running through the middle of the
ship, four being in the forward half,
which are lettered ABC and D, and
four in the afterpart, lettered E, F, G
and H, the lettering commencing at
the starboard boiler forward. It is
'hus evident that the boilers G and H.
which were in use, were a considerable
distance from the forward magazine,
and, in fact, next to the after maga
zine, under the officers' quarters, so
that if the boilers had exploded the
after part of the ship would have been
blown up and the officers would have
been killed.
Instead the forward half was blown
up, resulting in the loss of so many
men. Engineer in Chief Melville, in
speaking to me on this point to-day,
said he never believed from the first
the boilors could have exploded. Im-
mediately after the accident, he said,
r^° had refreshed his mind to ascertain
if the boiler plates were strong enough
to withstand pressure that would be
exerted upon them, and he had found*
ample leeway of safety.
A letter received from another officer
of the Maine, I was told to-day, stated
' that on account of the Maine's well
: known tendency to be down by the
: head, the coal bunkers surrounding the
forward magazine had been the first to
•be emptied.
It was also pointed out that they
were probably cleaned thoroughly of
coal, as on board ship every available
space comes in for use, and this space
was probably occupied by shovels and
tools. It is admitted, however, that
some waste might have been thrown in
there in which fire might have been
generated by spontaneous combustion.
Commander R. R. Bradenford, chief
of the Bureau of Equipment, told me
to-day that when the Maine left Key
West for Dry Tortugas and Havana
she took on board a supply of coal
which took the place of a supply of
bituminous coal of excellent quality
which had been practically exhausted.
Commander Bradenford declared his
conviction that spontaneous combustion
could not have been the cause of the
disaster.
The fact that the court desires that
the ship be lifted without delay is con
strued in two ways by department of
—first, that the wreck is sinking
into the mud so fast as to make delay
dangerOus; and, second, that it desires
to make an examination of the hull
before finally determining upon its
findings. The officials hope the wreck
ing boats will arrive at Havana in a
week, in which event it will take some
time for the court to examine the hull,
if it desires to do so. It is believed at
the department that the court will
complete its work in Cuba within a few
days and then proceed to Key West,
where it will examine the survivors
who are at that point.
Secretary Long, after seeing in the
morning papers to-day indications that
divers who are examining the wreck had
talked with newspaper correspondents,
cabled to Captain Sampson, president
of the court of inquiry, asking him to
inform the department if the divers
had made the statements attributed
to them and as to whether they were
true. During the afternoon this reply
was received from Captain Sampson:
"Any reported interview with divers
untrue. Every precaution has been
taken; officers always present."
As bearing upon the probable cause
of the Maine's destruction, this letter,
was received by Secretary Long to
day from Joseph Wrensky of Chicago,
formerly a naval officer of the Aus
trian navy:
"Relative to the explosion of the bat
tle-ship Maine, I v wish to state that I
have seen three warships blown into
the air, in all of which the powder
chamber, or ammunition magazines,
exploded. All three sank immediately.
According to the dispatches the Maine
could not have been blown up as a re
sult of internal explosion. A mine or
torpedo must have done the work. The
ships which I saw blown up were as
follows: Imperial Royal Brigand
training ship Triton, in the harbor of
Cravaso, Dalmatia, in 1863. The sec
ond was the Royal Italian armored
frigate Exherzog- Ferdinand-Max. The
third was the Austrian frigate Rodetzy
in 1863, in the port of Lisa. In this case
the ammunition magazine caught fire
and the ship sank at once. At the na
val maneuvers and naval battle exer
cises I have seen some old hulks blown
up by means of torpedoes and they did
not sink at once, but kept above water
for some time. Therefore, the battle
ship Maine was sunk by torpedoes."
»
PAYMASTER CANN APPOINTED.
Will Receive Funds for Families of
Those Killed on the Maine.
Acting under instructions from Ad
miral Kirkland, Lieutenant T. Porter,
the executive officer of the Mohican,
yesterday met the officials of the Cit
izens' Committee to arrange for the
disposition of the funds that are to
be secured from the benefit to be
given on Monday for the families of
those who were lost in the Maine dis-
aster.
Lieutenant Porter, with full power to
act in the matter, appointed Paymas
ter J. E. Cann, who is a bonded officer
of the Government, to be present on
the occasion of the benefit, and to re
ceive the funds on behalf of the un
fortunate families.
Should the committee not be able to
turn over the entire proceeds on Mon
day night they will make the remain
der payable by check to Paymaster
Cann as soon as they are secured.
Lieutenant Porter was unable to say
just what part the naval officers would
take in the benefit, but he was sure
that a large delegation of them would
be present on Monday night.
VISITORS EXCLUDED
FROM THE ENGINE-ROOMS.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 23.— 1t is learned
here by visitors to the United States
men-of-war Monadnock'and Monterey,
now in. port, that since the blowing up
of the Maine in Havana harbor all vis
itors to United States warships are by
a general department order excluded
from the engine or boiler rooms and
from the turrets of these vessels, no
matter where 'they are located. This
indicates a belief on the part of the
Navy Department that the explosion
of the Maine was not due to accident.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, , 1898.
THE DYNAMITE GUNS ON PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
WARSHIPS SPAIN
MIGHT ACQUIRE
Could Add to Her Navy
by Purchase From
Other Nations.
Fifty Million Dollars Sufficient
to Raise a Formidable
Fleet.
Modern Men-of-War Which Impov
erished Governments Would
Part With.
During the past 250 years Spain has
been in a chronic state of impecunious
ness. As far back as 1657-58, when
England's great Admiral Blake block
aded the entire southern part of Spain
and intercepted the -silver ..fleets from
Peru and the West Indies, the mer
chants and hidalgos voluntarily con
tributed funds to fit out naval vessels
which the bankrupt Government was
unable to do for the common defense.
Nothing came of it, however, the pa
triotism simmered down and the gal
leons remained In Cadiz. History would
probably repeat itself in a war with the
United States, for Spain with a na
tional debt of nearly $1,200,000,000 and
still growing is practically bankrupt,
and its merchants and rich nobles will
have to provide the sinews of war to
endeavor to save the worthless Govern
ment.
The navy of Spain, assuming even
that every vessel In the list is service
able, would be unable to meet our
ponderous armor-clads and swift
cruisers, and there is a strong prob
ability that at least one-half of the
Spanish navy is either incomplete or in
bad condition for lack of care and
proper repairs. It would, therefore, be
come necessary to augment the fleet
from other sources, and there are four
countries from which Spain with ready
cash could obtain a lot of war vessels,
built chiefly during recent years by
such noted firms as Armstrongs in
England and at La Leyne in France.
Portugal has a small iron-clad Vasco
da Gama, of 2422 tons, with a 9-inch
belt and armed with two 10.2- inch
Krupp rifles. The Adamastor, a crui
ser of 1993 tons, has just been completed
and is a good vessel, steaming eighteen
knots and carries a battery of quick
firing 5.9 and 4.7 inch guns. Don Car
los I of 4100 tons, another cruiser of the
same type, and two of 1800 tons, are
building at Elswick and are to have
speeds ranging from twenty-two to
fifteen knots and carry heavy batteries
of quick-firing guns.
Brazil, which is in financial straits,
has the armored Richanello and Aquid
aban of 5700 and 4950 tons, respectively.
Two others of 3162 tons, building in
France, are said to have been turned
over to Japan. Of cruisers three of
3600 tons each are building at Elswick,
likewise alleged to have been sold to
Japan, but there are others built which
are good ships of their type, such as
the Tamandore, 4735 tons; Benjamin
Constant, 2750 tons; Caramura, 1030
tons; Fimbera, 1030 tons; Paysunda,
1900 tons, and Tupy of 1030 tons, with
speed of twenty-two knots for tho
smaller vessels and seventeen knots
the larger, making two armo'relads and
six cruisers and torpedo gunboats.
The Argentine armored fleet consists
of the Almirante Brown, 4200 tons; Gar
ibaldi and San Marino, sister ships to
the Cristobal Colon, in the Spanish
navy and of 6840 tons each. They are
armored cruisers with 6- inch belt, and
carry two 10-inch rifles. In addition
the Independencia and Libertad, 2300
tons, with 8-inch belts and two 9.4-inch
rifles, are also modern armored vessels.
Of cruisers there are the Buenos Aires
of 4740 tons and twenty-three knots
speed, recently built at Elswick; Nuevo
de Julio. 3570 tons and 22.74 knots trial
speed, built in 1892; 25 de Mayo
3200 tons, 22.43 knots, built in 1890, and
a torpedo gunboat, Patria, 1070 tons
and 20.75 knots, turned out in 18f»3.
Chile's armored navy of modern build
consists of Capitan Prat, 6900 tons 12
inch belt, 18.3 knot speed and six 9.4
inch rifles; Esmeralda, 7020 tons, 6
inch belt Harveyized steel, 2:!-knot
speed, and a battery of two 8-inch and
sixteen 6-inch and quick-firing guns
The O'Higgins is completing at Els
wick and is 8500 tons, with 7-inch belt,
21.25-knot speed and an armament of
four 8-inch and ten 6-inch quick-firers.
The new cruisers and smaller un
armored vessels include Blanco Enca
lada, 4400 tons, 22.78-knot speed and ar
mament of two 8-inch and ten 6-inch
g. f. ; Minestro Zenteno, 3600 tons, 20
knot speed, with a battery of eight 6
inch g. f. Two other cruisers, Presi
dente Errazuriz and Presidente Pinto,
are each 2080 tons, have a speed of 19
knots and carry four 6-incb g. f. guns.
The Almirante Molinas, of 1200 tons
and 22 knots, is building in England.
Of torpedo gunboats the Almirante
Condell and Almirante Lynch are 750
tons and a speed of 21 knots, and the
Almirante Simpson is 812 tons, 21.5
knots, and carry good batteries of
quick firers. The first two named have
five torpedo tubes; the Almirante
Simpson has three torpedo tubes. '
This completes the list of available
and purchasable ships of war from
Latin countries where the sympathies
in a war with this country are apt to
side with that of their common origin.
There may be some unassigned vessels
on the stocks In British and French
yards, but without speculating on un
certain quantities Spain has in sight a
fleet larger than her own which may no
doubt be had for cash. Summarizing
the ships of the several countries the
tables would show as follows:
Armored. Unarmored.
Countries. Yes. Tarn. Yes. Tons.
Portugal 1 2,422 5 13,800
Brazil 2 lO.'iiO 6 12.475
Argentine 5 28,480 4 U. 510
Chile 3 L'.'.t'Hi 8 15,672
Total 11 57.H52 23 54,457
Grand total. 34 vessels of 112,40? tons.
The sum of $5(1.000,000 would proba
bly enable Spain to transfer this fleet
under her own Hag. and this added to
her own navy would make matters in
teresting to the United States.
HELD A REVEL WHILE
THE NATION MOURNED.
Representative Mahaney Bitterly
Denounces New York's "Four
Hundred."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— During the
debate on the sundry civil appropria
tion bill in the House to-day Mr.
Mahaney (R.) of New York creat
ed something of a flurry by de
livering a flve-mirtute speech in de
nunciation of what he termed the
revels of the so-called 4<)o of New
York while the nation was in
mourning for the loss of the sailors
of the Maine. He said he felt it to
be his duty to rebuke a circumstance
in connection with the disaster of the
Maine. While the mangled remains
of the brave sailors who perished in
that awful explosion were being car
ried to t-heir graves, the so-called and
self-denominated 400 of New York held
a social revel which was termed a
"vegetable party."
How different, he said, was the feel
ing manifested by these so-called so
cial leaders in the metropolitan city of
the United States and the condition in
London when the Camperdown sank
the Victoria. In London, on that oc
casion, there was everywhere the black
badge of mourning. Every social func
tion was abandoned, while in New
York the social leaders wearied high
heaven with their revels. Yet in the
last campaign these same people prated
of national honor when a financial
question was before the country. Then
it was national honor. A few days
ago, when the nation's head was bowed
and the dismembered fragments of her
dead were going to their graves they
seemed utterly oblivious to her grief.
He had no desire, he said, to reflect
upon the rich. There was a distinc
tion between those who employed cap
ital in a productive capacity and those
who were drones, who toiled not nor
spun, who dared to disturb the hours
"of the nation's mourning with this in
sult to the dead. (Applause.) He would
not hesitate, he said, bo far as he was
concerned, to endeavor to free the
skirts of the Republican party from as
sociation with these mere possessors
and spenders of riches who assumed
to represent national honor when they
thought their bonds were threatened,
but who had not a tear for those who
went to their graves in its defense.
(Renewed applause.).
Mr. Mahaney referred to the "vege
table party" given by Abram S. He
witt of New York on the evening of
February 17. _
READY TO ENLIST FOR
WAR WITH SPANIARDS.
Patriotism at Fever Heat in the
State After Which the Maine
Was Named.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Rancor
(Me.) special to the Herald says: Citi
zens of Maine are ready to show their
patriotism in the event of Avar with
Spain. Plenty of war talk is heard on
every hand, and there is no doubt that
in the event of trouble there would be
a large number of volunteers from this
section. Fred Odlin of Lewiston, State
detective, is said to have the names of
200 men who want to enlist the mo
ment war is declared. He says he could
have them in Portland as soon as the
Government c<--uld get a transport
ready to take them to New York.
Regiment of Volunteers.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Cincinnati
special to the Herald says: The "First
Ohio Regiment Havana Volunteers,"
500 strong, and headed by the First
Regiment National Guard Band, to
night paraded the streets, with banners
reading "On to Havana" and "Avenge
the flag."
DATA GIVEN BY
THE RAILWAYS
Information as to Their
Capacity in Case of
War.
Statistics Supplied at the Urgent
Request of the Gov
ernment.
Evidence That They May Soon Be
Called Upon to Transport
an Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— An Atlanta
(Ga.) special to the Herald says: It
flevelops to-day that the War Depart
ment has on file at Washington re
cent reports from all railroads in the
Southeast giving estimates of the num
ber of men and the amount of muni
tions of war they could move in a
given number of hours and upon what
notice such movements could be made.
The information covering movements
from Atlanta to ports on the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts was collected with the
idea that in case of war with Spain or
a movement of troops to Cuba Atlanta
would be an important base of opera
tions as a supply depot and forwarding
station for the movement of troops.
The situation of Atlanta is peculiarly
favorable for such operations, and
when General Sherman was here some
years ago he said that in case of war
Atlanta would be the most important
strategic point in the Southeast.
Railroad men are reticent about the
information given the Government, but
admit that blanks* for that purpose
were sent out from Washington. The
information was got up very carefully
by transportation men, and their es
timates are held by the War Depart
ment.
From inquiries made here to-day it ap
pears that in case of an emergency re
quiring temporary interruption of or
dinary business the various lines could
move 100,000 men from Atlanta to
Brunswick, Savannah, Port Royal or
Charleston within twenty-four hours.
They could deliver the same number of
men at Tampa, Punta Gorda and
Miami in thirty-six hours. These es
timates allow twelve hours in which to
get trains ready after the notice. The
Southern Railway has over 60 per
cent of its boxcars equipped with air
brakes, and other roads are to some
extent equipped in the same way.
There are three lines to New Orleans
that could deliver about 75,000 troops in
twenty-four hours. These figures are
based on estimates supplied to the Sec
retary of War.
The amount of commissary business
the railroads could handle is practi
cally unlimited. There are three
routes to Brunswick and as many to
Savannah, Charleston and Port Royal.
It is thought that trains could be run
to any one of these places in from eight
to ten hours with twenty cars each and
fifty soldiers in each car. Trains could
be run twenty minutes apart, and in
that way could move 3000 men an
hour.
The Central of Georgia Railway has
1100 cars equipped with air brakes and
the Southern has about 12,000 so
equipped. The Atlanta and West
Point has 60 per cent of its boxcars
fitted with air brakes, and other roads
have smaller proportions. With these
equipments movements of troops could
be far more easily and safely made
than during the Civil War, when there
were no such equipments.'
HOLLAND'S SUBMARINE
BOAT IS AVAILABLE.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— After lying
for months in mud on the flats close to
Nixon shipyard in Elizabeth, N. J., the
submarine boat Holland, owned and
built by Mr. Holland, was towed into
deep water to-day. It is said she is in
perfect condition and prepared for
work. No test of her has been made.
The delay was caused by some altera
tions in the electrical fittings, which
Mr. Holland saw fit to make after the
beat was floated.
Mr. Holland says he built the boat
to prove that his theory of submarine
navigation was correct, and he be
lieved she would do all he expected of
her. She would always remain his
property unless the United States Gov
ernment wanted her. The owner prob
ably will take her out in a. few days
and have a trial on so-me sandy beach.
He says he wants his first trials where
there will be plenty of sea room and
little mud. as the boat when submerged
might make the water thick and ren
der steering difficult.
EULATE'S
PRAISE OF
AMERICA
Not Afraid of Treachery
While in New York
Harbor.
Says the Precautions Taken by
the Authorities for the Viz=
caya's Safety Are
Needless.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— For
the first time since the arrival
of the Spanish cruiser Vizcaya
unofficial visitors were allowed
on board to-day. Captain
Eulate sent' me a pass, without
which it is impossible to get
through the American lines. The
police patrol is as strict now as
it was upon the first day, but
at the foot of the warship's
gangway their authority ends
and there a midshipman of the
Spaniard took me in charge. On
the quarterdeck was Captain
Eulate. He extended his hand
and, greeting me cordially, in
vited me to his cabin.
It is finished in costly woods, highly
polished, and the chairs and tables
have gold embroidered coverings. On
the wall was the picture of a hand
some woman. It was the portrait of
the captain's wife. Captain Eulate
said she was in Porto Rico and so were
their children.
In order to speak freely the captain
sent for an interpreter, and the name
he pronounced astonished he — Farra
gut. Sanchez Farragut is a bright
eyed, alert midshipman who speaks
English well. When he entered he sa
luted the captain and we were intro
duced. I repeated the historic name
and the young sailor smiled. He said
he was distantly related to the great
American admiral. His grandfather
was an American. From his mother
he draws his Spanish blood. Senor
Farragut was born on the Balearic
Islands.
"Yes," said the young sailor, in reply
to a question, "I am proud to bear the
name of the great American admiral."
I asked Senor Farragut if he had
ever been in America before. He said
he had not, but hoped to see New York
before the ship sailed away.
Captain Eulate told me that with the
exception of a few routine orders
from home he had not received any
special instructions.
"I do not know," he added, "when
I shall leave New York. We have
been coaling the ship and will finish
this afternoon."
I noticed that the coal barges were
strictly guarded and that an officer
seemed to watch every lump of coal as
the baskets were sent to the bunkers.
"You are not afraid of American
coal, captain?" I said.
He laughed heartily and replied:
"Why, of course not. No, no," he
added in English, and laughed again.
"American coal is ail right. We are
taking enough to last for a ten days'
cruise. I may say that I do not like
to have your patrol boats around the
ship. We have the utmost confidence
in Americans. This is a very fine
harbor, and New York is a magnificent
city. The height of your buildings as
tonishes us, and there are so many of
them. This is my first visit to this
country. I am much impressed with
all the evidences of a great commer
cial port. You have most beautiful
surroundings. I have been in London
and in many otherytfig cities of Eu
rope, but none of them can compare
with you. You seem to be very busy.
The pleasure of our visit is marred by
the deplorable accident to the Maine."
"I see you keep your flag at half
mast," I said.
"Yes," said the captain, and a shade
of sadness came over his face, "and
it will remain there until we leave
the port."
One other impression we made upon
Captain Eulate— the beauty of Ameri
can women — and he laughingly con
fessed it. He said they had captured
all his officers. He directed one of the
officers to show me over the ship, but
before leaving he showed me the mag
nificent presentation flag of the Viz
caya — a gift from the people of Ma
drid. He said Americans presented
their battle-ships with a silver ser
vice, but it was the custom in Spain
to present a flag. The Vizcaya's flag
was in a carved mahogany cabinet.
The banner is of silk and satin, with
the royal arms of Spain woven upon
it in bullion. The crown surrounding
the arms contains sixteen large emer
alds and sapphires.
Captain Eulate gave permission to
most of his officers to row ashore and
see the city. The party consisted of
Lieutenant Ristori, Second Lieutenant
Girardi Sobrini, Second Lieutenant Si
rin Fajardo, Chaplain Natias Diego,
Surgeon Antonio Jurage, Paymaster
Jose M. Canovas and Second Comman
der Emaueil Roldau. They were in
citizens' dress. Their first visit was
to the Spanish Consulate, and thence
they went to Wall street and viewed
the statue of Washington. Afterward
they went up town.
The Vizcaya was dressed in bunting
on Tuesday in honor of Washington's
birthday, and in recognition of this
compliment Admiral Bunce to-day
sent Lieutenant Aaron Wand to pay
his respects to Captain Eulate.
At Tompkinsville the shore opposite
the cruiser was lined with persons all
day gazing at the Vizcaya. That is
the best they could do. No one was
allowed to pass the patrol lines wlth«
out a pass, and a pass was not easy to
get.
There was an accident on the Viz
caya to-day. Four men were working
on the after smokestack when a plank
slipped from the chain supporting it.
Two of the men fell upon an iron grat
ing at the foot of the stack and were
picked up in a semi-conscious condi
tion. The surgeon reported that it was
feared that both men were injured in
ternally, but that no bones were
broken. Two of the men saved them
selves by clinging to chains on the
stack.
NOT WRECKED BY AN
EXPLOSION OF BOILERS.
One Theory Regarding the Maine
Disaster Effectually Dis
posed Of.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The arriv
al of mail in Washington from Key
West this afternoon, bringing several
private letters from naval officers late
ly attached to the Maine caused a wave
of excitement to run over the depart
ment and the Capitol. There were all
sorts of rumors as to the contents of
these letters, very few of which ru
mors, in point of fact, had any sound
basis. The only feature, so far as could
be discovered, of real importance as
throwing any light on the cause of the
explosion, was the statement that only
the two aft-boilers in the after-boiler
space, of all of the eight boilers of
the Maine, were under steam at the
time of the explosion. This fact had a
negative value, for it disposed at once
of the theory that a boiler explosion
had caused the wreck. The experts all
say that by no possibility ctruld tha
after-boilers' explosion have wrecked
the fore part of the Maine and left the
other part almost unharmed.
Much interest was shown in a dis
patch received shortly before 3 o'clock
from Admiral Sicard, giving the recom
mendations of Captain Sampson of the
court of inquiry as to the raising of the
wreck. The view of the naval officers
was tha'fc Captain Sampson and his as
sociates were giving this advice, not as
a court, but as officers in a position to
speak as to the best methods to> be
adopted for wrecking the Maine. Vari
ous interpretations were put op the
expression, "forward half completely
destroyed." This was regarded as a
partial confirmation of the theory that
the forward magazine had exploded, as
that is one of the most important por
tions of the forward half of the ship.
At the same time, it was held by some
naval authorities that the destruction
of the forward half of the ship did not
necessarily mean that the forward
magazine had exploded, as this might
be still intact, although a part of the
general wreckage. In the absence of
an explicit statement as to the for
ward magazine, there was a disposi
tion not to accept any implied state
ment as to its destruction.
ADMIRAL SICARD TOO
ILL TO LEAVE KEY WEST.
Captain Taylor of the Massachusetts
May Take Command of the
Squadron.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The noon
mail brought to Secretary Long a let
ter from Admiral Sicard at Key West.
The admiral wrote that he had not yet
recovered his health, and would be un
able to go to sea with the squadron.
He will remain on shore at his hotel in
Key West to retain command of the
squadron from that place so long as !t
remains in harbor there, relinquishing
it only when it becomes necessary for
the vessels to go to sea.
It will be remembered that the ad
miral has suffered an attack of mala
rial fever, and had procured leave of
absence of two weeks just before the
explosion on the Maine. He got as far
as Tampa, but returned immediately
to his command, which for only one
day he had left in the hands of Cap
tain Sampson. Should the squadron be
obliged to go to sea with the admiral
ill at Key West, and the senior offi
cer of his fleet, Captain Sampson, en
gaged in the investigation at Havana,
probably the command of the squadron
would devolve upon Captain Taylor,
now commanding the battleship Mas
sachusetts, and commonly regarded as
one of the brightest officers in the serv
ice.
TORPEDO-BOAT GWYN
READY FOR SERVICE.
Her Engines Found to Work Finely
on the Builders' Trial
Trip.
NEWPORT, R. Li Feb. 23.— The tor
pedo boat Gwyn went down the bay
on the builders' trial trip and touched
at the torpedo station this afternoon.
She was speeded for a short distance.
Her engines worked finely. If she is
wanted hurriedly she can go into serv
ice as soon as her torpedo outfit can
be put aboard, which wr.-uld be only a
matter of a few hours, as it is already
at the torpedo station. The Navy De
partment has been informed of this,
and also that the torpedo boat Talbot,
not yet launched, can be got ready bjr
the Herreshoffs in a few days*.
34
SENATORS WHO WOULD DECLARE WAR
SENATORS
IN FEAR
OF WAR
Do Not Believe t^e Conflict
Can Be Very Long
Postponed.
riot TalK Brought Out in Debate
Precipitated by a Resolution
Introduced by Allen of
Nebraska.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.—
While the Senate had under con
sideration the diplomatic and
consular appropriation bill to
day a sharp debate on the Cu
ban situation was precipitated
by Allen of Nebraska, who of
fered as an amendment the reso
lution passed by the Senate a
year ago recognizing the bellig
erent rights of the Cuban insur
gents. The debate became gen
eral and occupied nearly four
hours. In the course of a reply
to the preliminary statement by
Allen Morgan of Alabama said
this country's relations with
Spain at the present time were
seriously strained and interven
tion by the United States which
a year ago would have been in
offensive would now be almost
cause for war. He expressed
th«^> opinion that the Cuban af
fair would eventually be submit
ted to the arbitrament of the
sword between the United States
and Spain, but he did not want
war precipitated by rash acts of
legislation. Foraker of Ohio
thought the day not far distant
when the time for action by this
country would arrive.
Thurston of Nebraska counseled
calmness and prudence, for he believed
that the country was rapidly drifting
into a war with Spain. Hoar of Mas
sachusetts maintained that the floor
of the Senate was no proper place for
angry discussions of international af
fairs. No Senator ought to utter any
thing that might not well be uttered
by the President of the United States.
Allen's amendment was finally ruled
out of order and the appeal taken by
the Nebraska Senator was laid on the
table by a vote of 51 to 5. Early in the
day Allen offered a resolution provid
ing for a committee of five Senators
who shall go to Cuba and ascertain the
precise situation on the island. Under
the rules it went over until to-morrow.
The resolution follows:
Whereas, It is the established doctrine
Of the United States that the Western
Hemisphere shall be dedicated to a re
publican form of government, recogniz
ing the political equality of human be
ings; and whereas, the principles of the
Monroe doctrine or the doctrine of na
tional self-preservation is as applicable
in wresting any portion of this continent
from the grasp of foreign countries as in
preventing them from gaining additional
territory; and whereas, the island of
Cut. a, by reason of its location and close
proximity to the United States, should of
right be dedicated to a republican form
of government; and whereas, a republi
can form of government is and has been
for nearly three years maintained in said
island by force of arms: and whereas, it
is alleged that 500,000 persons on said
island have died of starvation by reason
of having been concentrated by the Span
ish authorities at various points without
being afforded an opportunity to provide
foot f ( >r themselves, while hundreds arc
daily dying; and whereas, the dictates of
humanity require the intervention of the
United States in such case; therefore
.be it
Resolved, That a select committee of
five Senators shall be appointed whose
duty it shall be to forthwith make a
thorough investigation and inquire into
and report on the following subjects:
First— To what extent the work of con
centrating the inhabitants of Cuba has
been carried on by the Spanis"h Govern
ment, and how many persons on said
island have in the last year died as a re
sult of starvation or for lack of sufficient
food and diseases incident thereto, and to
what extent concentration is now being
practiced there by Spanish authorities,
and the condition of the people concen
trated.
Second— Whether the concentrated Cu
bans have been adequately sheltered,
clothed and fed by the Spanish Govern
ment or by others, or have been per
mitted to obtain food and clothlne for
themselves.
Third— What lawful steps, if any, are
necessary and can be taken by the United
States to bring the war in Cuba to a
speedy termination on grounds alike hon
orable to Spain and Cuba, and which will
result in the kingdom of Spain relinquish
ing its hoid on the island and in the es
tablishment of a republican form of gov
ernment there.
Fourth— To determine to what extent
Spanish barbarity and cruelty have, dur
ing the war now in progress iv Cuba,
been practiced toward the inhabitants of
Cuba, and what can be lawfully done by
the United States, if anything, to amelior
ate the conditions.
To these ends and for these purposes
said committee may sit at such times and
places as they may bee proper during the
sessions of Congress and in vacation, and
shall have the right to visit and take
testimony in Cuba, if deemed proper to do
so. All testimony taken shall be pre
served, and the finding of said Senatorial
committee, together with all testimony,
shall be reduced to writing and reported
to the Senate at as early a date as prac
ticable.
Both the military academy and the
diplomatic and consular appropriation
bills were passed. Hansbrough at
tempted to secure action on the bill to
regulate the laws of Alaska, but on ob
jection from Tuner of Washington it
went over.
Respecting the belligerency amend
ment Allen thought a statement was
due to the country. The amendment,
he said, was practically a copy of two
resolutions which had already passed
the Senate. Referring to the unfavor
able report presented on the amend
ment by the Foreign Relations Com
mittee Mr. Allen said it was a confes
sion and avoidance, and meant simply
that the committee did not desire to
act upon it. The truth was, he said,
Congress was merely finding some ex
cuse under which it could continue
business and escape .censure. ' His, de^
sire was to find whether Congress could
in any way be induced, cajoled or
kicked into putting the country in a
dignified attitude on the Cuban ques
tion.
Taking up the main issue Involved,
he said he had reliable information
that no less than 33 per cent of the Cu
ban population, or 500,000 people, had
perished within the past three years as
a result of Spanish cruelty.
"And yet," said Allen, "lest we, the
Senate, a body of eighty-nine men. of
fend the House of Representatives,
consisting of 357 men, a point of order
is to be made against this amendment
and it will go the way of very much
valuable legislation."
Mr. Allen said if the Republican
party could suffer to see the Cubans
exterminated by starvation in plain
violation of its platform and of the
Christian sentiment of the country, the
Republicans ought to be willing to
face the question on an aye and no
vote.
Mr. Morgan said the Senate had
twice passed the Cuban belligerency
resolution, substantially as it was now
offered, but both tun^s it had been
done openly and frankly.
"We have no right," said he, "to
make a declaration of war against
Spain under cov^r, and that is pre
cisely what this resolution would mean.
If this amendment were attached to
the appropriation bill, Spain might
well regard it as a cause of war. As
I have before indicated, the conditions
and situation in Cuba were entirely dif
ferent when this resolution was passed
by the Senate."
He asserted that between 300,000 and
600,000 people had strayed to death in
Cuba.
"This awful condition of affairs,"
said Mr. Morgan, "makes our position
in the Cuban matter extremely deli
cate. Intervention now of the kind
proposed a year ago means war. It
j could mean nothing else. An inter-
I vention on the part of this Govern
| ment in the present critical condition
j of affairs wnuld almost certainly be
{ regarded by Spain as a cause of war.
I almost dread to refer to the condi
tions and circumstances which have
been brought about by the events of
the past ten days. In the present cir
cumstances it would not be consistent
with the feelings or characteristic of
the sentiments of the American peo
ple to do anything that would in any
way aggravate the situation which has
been brought about by the events lead
ing up to the inquiry now in progress
at Havana.
"If, however, any Senator be
lieves in a declaration of war, and
will draw up such a declaration with
sufficient and proper grounds upon
which to base it, I will vote for it."
At this point Mr. Allen interrupted
Mr. Morgan to disclaim any intention
of making a declaration of war against
Spain. He expressed the opinion that
his amendment could, in no way, be
construed into such a declaration.
"If we should put this amendment
on the pending appropriation bill," re
plied Mr. Morgan, "Spain, would be
fully justified in interpreting our mean
ing to be that we were offensively in
terfering in her affairs. However, I
do not believe any Senator has in mind
a declaration of war.
"It would not overtax the ability
of any man to prepare such a de
claration with proper and sufficient
grounds upon which to base it.
"I will not, however, vote for any
declaration of war in disguise. The
Spanish are a great and powerful and
proud people, and they believe their
course is right. Ido not wish to pro
voke them to a declaration of war. I
have always believed and believe now
the war in Cuba could not be termin
ated without involving the United
States in hostilities. I believe the
matter will be eventually submitted to
the arbitrament of the sword. The
whole world recognizes Spain's inabil
ity to conquer the Cubans, and sooner
or later we shall become, in my opin
ion, involved in the armed controversy.
The pending amendment is little else
than a declaration of war in disguise.
If we mean to declare war, let us do
so like men and not endeavor to con
ceal ourselves behind so transparent a
cloak. Those who are constantly geek
ing to benefit the sacred cause of Cu
ban liberty cannot accomplish their
purposes by such rash acts of legisla
tion as is this amendment."
Mr. Morgan declared the Cubans had
already fought and won their revolu
tion, and nothing remained but for
them to continue their belligerent at
titude until Spain should recognize the
republic.
Mr. Teller did not accept Mr. Mor
gan's position that the adoption of this
amendment would be a declaration c/f
war. He had, he said, reached the
conclusion that the recognition of bel
ligerency rested with the executive. He
had reached this conclusion with re
gret, but still he thought it correct. In
this view, Congress could do no more
than announce its opinkm. True, this
opinion should receive some attention
at the hands of the executive, but the
last administration had given no
weight to such an expression of opin
ion, and he (Teller) was convinced the
present would follow the example of its
predecessor. In the matter of inter
vention, Mr. Teller said he never had
gone beyond the point of saying the
United States had a right, under inter
national law, to interfere to the extent
of compelling Spain to treat her sub
THE §AX FRASTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
UNITED STATES STEAMSHIP MONTGOMERY,
jects on our border In a humane man
ner. Neither such interference nor the
declaration of belligerency would be
an act unfriendly to Spain. Still, if the
matter rested with him exclusively he
would recognize the belligerence of the
Cubans if he knew it would bring war
to-morrow, for he was sure such inter
vention at such a time and in such a
cause would secure for us in such a
struggle the sympathy of all civilized
nations.
Mr. Foraker announced his intention
to vote against the amendment, ex
plaining.his reason to be the fact that
it was sought to make it a rider on an
appropriation bill. He said he had
voted for the belligerency resolution,
couched in precisely the same terms as
this, which was adopted a year ago,
and he had always been glad he had
done so. He had always believed a
mistake had been made in not recog-
nizing the belligerent rights of the con
tending Cubans. A declaration of bel
ligerency would not be an act of hos
tility.
In conclusion, Mr. Forakf-r said: "I
expect at no very distant day there -will
be an appropriate occasion for further
remarks upon this question. I think
the time is coming for action. When
it comes the time for discussion will be
here, and the problem may be appro
priately discussed."
Mr. Thurston said he had voted to
accord belligerent rights to the Cuban
insurgents both times it had come be
fore the Senate. "I have never ceased
to regret," said he, "that the United
States did not afford to the Cubans bel
ligerent rights at the time when the
cruelties and barbarities of Weyler
would have won fur us the sympathy
of the civilized world. Had we recog
nized the belligerency of those strug
gling people then, I believe 'that ere
this they would have been in posses
sion of the island, and we would be in
no danger of war.
"I believe now that we are drift
ing into a war with Spain.
"When the President delivered to us
his message he set time to running,
and that time has ever since been run
ning. Spain has not been able to
quell the rebellion, and the possibility
of peace is growing more and more re
mote. The time is coming, God knows
how soon it will be here, when action
in accordance with the President's
message must be taken — when we shall
either have to back down from our po
sition or intervene in the Cuban af
fair, with the probability of war.
"There is enough being said all over
this country concerning the inquiry
now proceeding in Havana into the
Maine catastrophe to involve us in war.
Our people in the present delicate
situation might well be at their altars
praying for calmness and peace. I
hope that the inquiry now proceeding
in Havana will develop nothing that
may involve ua in hostilities, but while
that inquiry is proceeding we in the
Senate should maintain a mope cir
cumspect attitude and be calm and
quiet."
Mr. Allen made an extended reply to
the arguments advanced against his
position. He maintained this was the
first time the belligerency proposition
had been presented to the Senate when
there was any chance of its being ef
fective. The House would be brought
face to face with it, and it would be
brought to a vote in that body. It
could not be buried in a committee.
Mr. Hale, in charge of the bill, yield
ed to Mr. Hoar, who said he desired, in
justice to himself and to those who be
lieved with him, to refute the charges
of cowardice which had been hurled at
those who differed from him by the
Senator from Nebraska (Allen). He
discussed the situation from the stand
point of an international lawyer, main
taining that the recognition of belliger
ency in ordinary circumstances was not
a cause of war. It was not necessarily
an unfriendly act.
Mr. Hale made the point pf order
against the amendment that it was
general legislation and had, under the
rules, no place in the bill. The Vice-
President sustained the point and Mr.
Allen took an appeal from the ruling.
Mr. Hale moved to lay the appeal on
the table and Mr. Allen demanded the
ayes and noes. Mr. Hale's motion was
carried— sl to s—those5 — those voting against
the motion being Messrs. Allen of Ne
braska, Cannon of Utah, Heitfeld of
Idaho. Mason of Illinois and Teller of
Colorado.
PROTECTION FOR THE
COAST LINE OF MAINE.
Mounting of Guns in Portland Har
bor the Result of Recent
Orders.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— An Augusta
(Me.) special to the Herald says: It
is no doubt true that the Government
is taking extra precautions to see that
the coast line of Maine can be speed
ily protected, but not much that is of
ficial can be learned from any of the
authorities. The resuming of work in
the mounting of guns in Portland Har
bor is not the carrying out of any old
plan, as has been alleged, but is the
result of recent orders.
The National Guard of the State will
be kept in as goc-d condition as possi
ble, and if any call for troops is made
the Governor will at once offer the
guard service. Members of the Na
tional Guard of the State cannot be
compelled to do duty outside the State,
and at once it will be ascertained how
many of the guards will be willing to
enter the service of the United StaTes.
By many it is taken as significant that
the surgeon general has been ordered
to see that stores for his department
are at once purchased, so as to be in
readiness at a moment's notice.
One officer high in authority tells the
Herald correspondent that It is a fact
that all the United States troops are
being put into shape to be moved in
stantly if required for service at any
particular point.
THOUSANDS DIE
OF STARVATION
Horrible Conditions in
One Province of
Cuba.
Death Rate in the City of
Matanzas Is Forty-Six
a Day.
Laborers Have AH Perished, and Men
Once Well-to-Do Are Now
Begging for Food.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Feb. 23.— j
While the United States cruiser Mont- j
gomery was at Matanzas recently a |
board of officers was appointed to in- j
quire into the condition of the people !
of that province. Although the exact j
terms of the report are not known, it j
may be said that, in substance, it sets
forth that there are 14,000 people abso- j
lutely without food and clothing within
the city limits. About 3000 of these I
live in small huts of palm branches. |
These huts form three separate villages
beyond the built-up portions of the i
city. The other 11,000 unfortunates live j
in the streets of the city, and are ab
solutely without homes or shelter.
These 14,000 people are of the labor-
Ing class who have been driven into
the cities from their ccruntry homes,
which have been destroyed in the war
operations. Most of them are women
and children, and they are all emaci
ated, sick and almost beyond relief, un
less they can have the benefit of regu
lar treatment in the hospitals. As it
is, they are dying in the streets for
want of food.
According to statistics gathered from
the best official sources, the number of
deaths in the province of Matanzas
from starvation is 59,000, and the num
ber of starving people at present in the
province is estimated at DS.OOO, out of a
total population of 253,616 in December,
1597, and the number of starving peo
ple is rapidly increasing.
In the city of Matanzas alone there
have been about 11,000 deaths during
the past year, and the number is in
creasing daily. The death rate at pres
ent averages forty-six per day, as
shown by the reports from the ceme
tery. The increase in the death rate is
due to the fact that the distress is no
longer confined to members of the la
boring class, most of whom have al
ready perished. It is now extended to
the people who, before the war, were
in moderately comfortable circum
stances. Those now begging in the
streets were, in large part, well-to-do
people or children of the well-to-do. In
addition, the citizens of the city of
Matanzas themselves are beginning to
suffer for the actual necessaries of life,
having exhausted their resources in or
der to supply the needs erf the labor
ing classes who have been quartered
upon them. .
The citizens of Matanzas have an
organized system of relief for the
starving people, but it is entirely in
adequate and is daily becoming more
glaringly so, for the resources of those
who were well-to-do are rapidly di
minishing, while the demand for food
is constantly increasing. At one of
the stations the board of officers found
100 starving, this being the actual
number of people for which the citi
zens had been able to provide relief
there. Pans of rice and fish are ar
ranged in rows ready for distribution
among the people who were waiting in
another part of the house. But this
relief does not begin to supply relief
for the 14,000 people who are starving
in the streets, for the citizens are only
able to issue food three times a day
at each place and then to only about
100 at a time. Consequently only about
900 of the destitute people receive food
in a day.
It should be added that a large num
ber of the citizens of Matanzas have
fed the starving in the streets in front
of their own homes, but the citizens
themselves are feeling the pinch of
privation, and, unless assistance soon
comes to them, they will be compelled
in self-protection to cease the work of
charity in which they are now en
gaged and which is seemingly the
only salvation for the starving thou
sands.
The only other public relief at Ma
tanzas is that given to the sick chil
dren by the management of the Emer
gency Hospital, which is under the di
rection of the Volunteer Fire Depart
ment of Matanzas. There about eighty
children are treated daily and are fur
nished with nourishment under the di
rection of the city physicians. These
statements are the conclusions, facts
and figures arrived at by a board of
United States naval officers. When
the officers landed they were constant
ly followed by clamoring crowds of
starving men, women and children,
who importuned them in the most
heartrending manner for a little food,
for the want of which they were slow
ly dying.
Demand for Modern Rifles.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— Adjutant
General Barrett of the California Na
tional Guard has wired to Congress
man de Vreis asking him. to rush
through Congress his resolution pro
viding for an exchange of old rifles for
the new .pattern.
RUSHING WORK
ON WAR VESSELS
Columbian Iron Works
Has Completed the
Plunger.
Submarine Torpedo- Boat Now
Ready for Its Speed
Trial.
The MeKee, Also a Battle-Ship
Destroyer, Will Be Launched,
in Two Weeks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Baltimore
special to the Herald says: Work on
a number of Government vessels is
being completed at the Columbian Iron
Works, where 800 to 600 men are
kept busy. The submarine torpedo-boat
Plunger has been completed and turned
over to the engineers of the John P.
Holland Company for steam trials, and
the torpedo-boat McKee will be
launched in about two weeks. Work is
progressing rapidly on the new triple
expansion engine for the torpedo-boat
Rodgers, which is to take the place of
the one recently injured by the break
ing of her crankshaft. The lengthen
ing of the Holly, a side-wheeler, for the
Government lighthouse service is also
under way.
In the event of an emergency requir
ing the rapid construction of vessels,
the Columbian Iron Works can hold its
own with any plant of its size in the
country. Being asked as to the full ca
pacity of the plant, the superintendent
said:
"I believe we have room at the works
for the construction at the same time
of three battleships and at least three
smaller vessels. This would demand
a working force of from 1000 to 1500
men, which we could readily supply.
How soon a ship ordered at the out
break of hostilities could be completed
it would be difficult to say. Ordinarily
we are delayed by the failure of the
material to measure up to the specifica
tions demanded by the Government.
The slightest flaw in metal renders it
unserviceable. Where speed is required,
machinery might be constructed con
currently at some of the shops in the
interior and shipped to the yard where
the shell lay. In the case of the Maine,
if I remember correctly, this was done,
certain portions of the ship being built
by the Richmond Iron Company.
"I should say, however, that it would
be necessary in almost any circum
stances to allow a year and a half for
completing a battle-ship. Smaller
cruisers could be turned out in much
less time. "When we built the cruisers
Detroit and Montgomery we were at it
for two years, and had a force varying
from 800 to 900. Of course, we could
have taken less time had necessity de
manded it."
MORTARS ARE USELESS
IN MODERN WARFARE.
Congressman Hepburn Opposes an
Appropriation for Their
Purchase.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The con
ferees on the fortifications appropria
tion bill will not agree on their report
for several days yet. Representative
Hepburn of lowa said to The Call cor
respondent to-day that he had no sym
pathy with the policy now prevailing
in the management of the army in
the matter of seacoast defenses.
"It is proposed," said he, "to spend
many millions of dollars to cast and
mount powerful mortars. Theorists of
the army expect to shoot great big
shells up Into the air and drop them
on the decks of hostile vessels. With,
the best possible aim they cannot come
within a half or a quarter of a mile of
the moving war vessels of any modern
navy. As an example of mortar prac
tice I can tell you a story of the Civil
war, which is a matter of history.
"J was under the command of Gen
eral Pope in 1862 during the operations
which resulted in the capture of Island
No. 10 in the Mississippi River. For
three weeks sixty-nine mortars were
working day and night sending ex
plosive shells up into the air and over
into the Confederate works, where more
than 7000 men were assembled behind
masked batteries. During the three
weeks, with sixty mortars constantly
at work, hundreds of tons of shells
were thrown upon Island No. 10. Fi
nally, when the rebel batteries were
silenced, I was ordered out with the
Second lowa Cavalry on a reconnois
sance. I found that Island No. 10 was
deserted, and I immediately moved in
and took possession. The enemy had
evacuated, and very soon thereafter
our entire army was in possession of
their works. A few prisoners were cap
tured at the time, but later on we cap
tured a number of officers and men
who were in the Confederate works,
and from them we learned our three
weeks' bombardment had made many
holes in the earth, but killed no one
and injured no one except an old army
mule, and that fool mule would not
have been injured if he had not 'wan
dered far away from the old fireside.'
"I am convinced," he added, "that
every dollar spent for mortars for pur
poses of firing at vessels is a wasted
dollar."
THE NAVY
NOW NEEDS
MORE MEN
Probable That Congress
Will Permit Further
Enlistments.
Tr;ere Will Be a Couple of New
Battle-Ships fJIso as a Result
of the Maine Disaster.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Additional
measures were taken by the Navy De
partment to-day to put the navy in a
condition of preparation for an emer
gency. Besides conferring with Chair
man Boutelle of the House Naval Com- .
mittee in regard to navy appropria
tions, Secretary Long issued orders to
night to the monitor Terror to proceed
to Hampton Roads, there to await
further orders, and to Colonel Chase
Heywood, commandant of the Marine
Corps, directing him to have his ma
rines ready to move upon notice.
Orders issued to the monitor Terror
are the result of telegraphic advices
received this afternoon that the ves
sel was ready for sea. Secretary Long
told me the Terror would remain at
Hampton Roads for several days, when
it would definitely be determined
whether she would go to some north
ern port, possibly New York, or Key
West. As stated this morning in the
Herald, the Terror's movements de
pend upon the Vizcaya.
In accordance with orders issued sev
eral days ago, the northern division
of the North Atlantic squadron is mob
ilizing at Key West. The department
was informed by wire to-day that the
Texas and the Nashville had left Oal
veston, Texas, the former for Dry
Tortugas and the latter for Key West;
that the Marblehead had left New-
Orleans for Key West and that the
Detroit left Mobile, Ala., for Key
West.
Rear Admiral Montgomery Sicard,
commander-in-chief of the North At
lantic squadron, may be compelled to
temporarily relinquish active command
of the squadron, although he has no in
tention of asking to be relieved. This
officer has been suffering from malaria
for some weeks, and several days ago
he asked the department for permission
to proceed to Tampa, Fla., which was
granted. Upon reconsideration of the
matter, Rear Admiral Sicard deter
mined that he would stick to his post.
In his letter to Secretary Long this
morning, Rear Admiral Sicard said
that if the cruiser New York were or
dered to leave Key West he feared that
he would be unable to accompany her,
and he asked the department to au
thorize him to remain at Key West
until his condition improved.
' This request will be granted by the
Secretary. It is recognized "by the de
partment that Rear Admiral Sicard is
not in the best of health, and a request
from him to be relieved would un
doubtedly be complied with.
Secretary Long, however, has no
present intention of summarily detach
ing Rear Admiral Sicard. It Is gen
erally believed in naval circles, how
ever, that Rear Admiral Sicard will
have to take a rest in order to rid his
system of malaria, and there is con
siderable gossip as to the officer who
will be selected as his successor.
The department has every confidence
in Captain W. T. Sampson, who com
mands the lowa, and who has been
temporarily assigned to duty as presi
dent of the court of inquiry investi
gating the Maine disaster, as was
shown by its recent decision to- place
him in command of the squadron in
case it becomes necessary to relieve
Rear Admiral Sicard.
Commodore W. S. Schley is under
stood to have advised the department
of his desire to go to sea, and that he
would be glad to take command of the
North Atlantic Squadron. Commodore
Schley's last tour of sea duty expired
a year ago, when he commanded the
flagship New York, and he is therefore
thoroughly familiar with the evolutions
of the squadron and ships composing
it. Captain Sampson will be promoted
to flag rank during the summer, when
he will necessarily have to be detached
from the command of the lowa and
given flag officer's duty. It is gener
ally believed that he will be Rear Ad
miral Sicard's successor.
I understand that Colonel Charles
Hey wood, commandant of the Marine
Corps, has received orders from the
Navy Department, directing him to
have the men under his command at
Washington Barracks and other points
ready to move at an instant's notice.
It is probable the men will be ordered
to duty on some of the ships of the
North Atlantic squadron.
As a result of his conference with
Secretary Long and other officials of
the department, Mr. Boutelle was im
pressed with the desirability of adding
at least two battle-ships to the navy,
one to replace the Maine and the other
in accordance with recommendations
made by Secretary Long, in his annual
report.
Chairman Boutelle learned several
things regarding the precautionary
steps taken by the department, and
left the building with the wishes of the
officials fresh in his memory that his
committee and the House be liberal
with the navy.
The crowning need of the service, it
is admitted by officials, is more men
with which the monitor Miantonomoh
and cruisers Minneapolis and Colum
bia can be placed in commission. The
s navy appropriation bill ac so far
passed by the committee simply per«
mits the enlistment of 800 more boys
where the navy desires men. It is
hoped by the officials that in the con
sideration of this matter the commit
tee will authorize the enlistment of a
couple of thousand men and that when
the increase feature is passed upon
provision for the construction of at
least two battle-ships will be made.
It was officially admitted to-day at
.the department that the cruiser Cin
cinnati and the gunboat Castine, com
prising the South Atlantic squadron,
had gone to Barbadoes. The date of
the departure of these ships from
Para was February 18. so that they
should be near their destination by
this time. The Annapolis has gone to
Laguayra, where the Wilmington is
anchored, and the Brooklyn is en route
to Laguayra, having left St. Thomas
for Santa Cruz.
The Navy Department is in receipt
of applications from retired officers
and officers on the active list on shore
duty asking for assignment to ships.
The department has also received ca
blegrams from officers abroad asking
if there is any need for their services
in the United States.
VULTURES FEAST UPON
BODIES OF THE DEAD.
HAVANA, Feb. 23.— A large quantity
of clothing has been taken from the
wreck, and, after it has been disinfect
ed, it will be given to the reeoncentru
dos. The bodies of the missing officers,
Lieutenant Jenkins and Assistant En
gineer Merritt, have not been recov
ered. The divers reached the former's
room, but it was found that his body
was not there.
Thus far the sharks have given no
trouble, but the vultures have left
scarcely anything but the skeletons of
three men who were entangled in de
bris very near the surface of the water.
The bodies were not noticed by any one
until the foul birds had completed theirW
ghastly work. From the hand of OMP
Chaplain Chidwick removed a deeply
chased gold ring for purposes of identi
fication.
Chaplain Chidwick says that the to
tal number of missing is 85 or 86, and
five have died in the hospital. Of the
missing many doubtless were blown to
atoms, no portions of their bodies being
recoverable, and there exists much
doubt that any considerable number of
those whose remains are now being re
moved will be identified.
j^^^^S^ One of the
/l Lookea most extraordi-
if a Man in the nary occurren-
I Face and Col- 1 ces o f the year
U lapsed. The It wasthat of
ygs. Keason. /M . ...
>^^ ~^^p \ stranger visiting
\"«^ the city last
week who was much in evidence
around the stores where Klondike
outfits are being made special fea-
tures. He was of a very quiet and
yet nervous disposition. He seemed
not to be purchasing anything, for
he spoke to no one. With his eyes
i fastened to the goods, or else
gloomily turned to the floor, he was
ian object of no small degree of
wonder. Last Thursday, while stand-
ing in a Market-street store, he M
suddenly seemed to recover himself
from thought, and an attendant
asked him pointedly if he could
serve him in any way. The stranger
i raised his eyes to those of the sales-
J man, and the moment he met the
inquiring glance of that gentleman
he fell prone to the floor. He was
assisted to rise and immediately
| taken to the Hudson Medical In-
! stitute, where it was discovered that
! it was simply a case of ; severe nerv-
ous debility. A trifling stimulant
; was administered and the patient
i made the very extraordinary state-
| ment that he could no longer look
a man in the eye. "Hudyan" treat-
ment was at once given him, and
he is now already almost well. The
condition was ~j^^^^±
brought on, he jf very «^k
explains, by those If Simple and Very
follies which men II * Plai °- Yet There ll
are prone to mV A» Tho«> Who t
.. ~ . . y^ Do Ho t Know /a
early youth.
'' ' ' ' " ■' " : " ' ■ •4
The Hudson Medical Institute Is at the' junc-
tion of Stockton, Market and Ellis sts. Circu-
lars and I testimonials telling all about "Hudyan"
are sent free to every one asking. If you sur-
££ i rom any sort of blood taint, ask for free
30-day blood cure" circulars. That r ls quite as
■ effectual in cases of blood poisoning as* is "Hud-
i yan" In all instances of. lack -of jnanUneßa. ',-.ADVERTISEMENTS. .
An Open Letter to
the Board of
Education
Concerning an Alleged
School Scandal.
TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF EDU- 1 vote returned out of a possible 850 was
CATION, SAN FRANCISCO: 722 -Ayes, 524; Noes, 198.
It was thoroughly understood by the
GENTLEMEN: Under date of Sept. teachers who voted in the affirmative
4th we.^resse^o every member of l "at the acceptance of our. proposition
n acraressea to every member ot p iie d no use of the schools for advertising
your Board the following communica- purposes; no canvassing among the
tion: pupils or their parents; no diversion of
the teachers' time from their duties no
"Gentlemen : We are about to put into undignified or unprofessional conduct,
op-ration a project tor securing an In- The stand taken by these teachers is
creased demand for certain high-class that it is immaterial what mercantile
specialties of our manufacture or impor- house makes donations of a percentage
tation, by setting aside a percentage of o f its sales to such a cause as the Teach-
the cost of each package for the benefit ers' Annuity Fund, provided the firm's
of the TEACHERS' ANNUITY AND RE- reputation is such as to preclude the sus-
TIREMENT FUND. picion of un f a j rn » ss or trickery and the I
As a member of the Board of Educa- collateral object sought to be obtained is
tion, you are naturally interested to know not an objectionable one. If we see fit to
the details of anything that concerns the contribute with each package from 2to 7
teachers while we are anxious that you per cent of its wholesale value they see
possess direct and accurate knowledge of no objection >to taking any honorable
every feature of this project before the steps toward securing the tickets repre-
information thereof comes to you at ; senting these contributions. No agree-
second hand and possibly in an incom- ! ment has been asked or made whereby
plete, distorted or prejudicial form. ! we are granted any privileges exclusive
We inclose herewith a copy of our or otherwise.
proposition to the teachers and of our During the first three months of the
announcement to the public, and solicit operation of this plan we paid Into the
your careful inspection of their contents, hands of Treasurer Widber the sum of
We should be very much pleased to be $411.39. After that it was temporarily
informed of your opinion as to the fol- suspended, pending its final acceptance
lowing questions : or rejection by the teachers as a body.
1. Is there not a need of other than We now beg to call your attention to
the legal source of income in order that the fact, which even a superficial investi-
the purposes of the Teachers' Annuity gatipn will prove, that the alleged abuses
Fund may be fully realized? anc * debasement of the school department '■
2. Is not the cause of Teachers' An- resulting from this project are the crea- ,
nuities deserving of public support, as tlon of Journalistic fancy. The claim of
being in its final and correlative results a an v exposure of a shameless compact • j
public benefit whereby teachers made and were to make !
3. Are not the details of the proposed canvassers and drummers of themselves
plan for increasing the Annuity revenues nd c P P lls would be grotesquely rid.cu-
so constructed ai to preclude any injuri- I°u1 ° us n J **«* n n ot s ° ™3»s\ , The^charge ,
ous results to school discipline or to the ™ an c , **"* in broad daylight, without a
efficiency of the department? Protest from the people or the Board of
4- Do you see anything unseemly or ,
derogatory to professional dignity to j th pre *, ises) t majo ; itv of the !
ff|gg tsegooJS in which SBiSftSSttuSSifiS
.hey are foundi- for commercial purposes. It is not only a
Similar communications were sent to great injustice to the Board of Education
Mayor Jas kD. Ph s la Superintendent and an unwarranted assault on the teach-
5> M £ Web f h ter and re . asurer AC. ers but an insult to the intelligence of the
Widber in their ex-officio capacity as community
commissioners of the Annuity Fund. „ Chronicle has been re p »dlv asked
At the same time the project was given hut has persistentl refused 0 pub thg
the widest possible publicity. 40,ec0 frdl text of the ar'cular Utter sent to all the
little folders were distributed in the vestl- teachers by a committee of the Teachers'
rule of - the Mechanics' Institute during Anmiity Society. This letter wastbe basis
the last Exposition, m such a manner uf>on i hich the TOte aas tak/n andwhich
m ti.e city. 50,000 booklets fully, {» tiis ~ matter . It also refused to publish
tiescnclng the plan in all its details were the a| statementof the' chairman of
csrnouted to practically every residence this committee, against whom it printed
in San Francisco, including those of the an abusive Insinuation. f
proprietor and editor of the paper which x .. -a , 1 v
now makes the ridiculous claim of hay- . This wide-awake journal does not seem
ing made an "exposure." A more ex- to know , that , in October another daily
tensive presentation and discussion of undertook an exposure of this matter,
the subject was sent to every teacher of w . nlch J* Promptly dropped on being \
the department. Of the goods in ques- shown that it was based on erroneous in-
tion many thousand dollars' worth were tor # niatlo J -
.-ilreaJy on grocers' shelves in all parts of .! ne Chronicle now calls upon you to
the city and we at once provided each £ lye indorsement and support to its con-
package with the ticket which advertised scienceless sensation by passing rules or i
the fact that it was a contribution to the resolutions which, under the circum-
Teachers' Annuity Fund. stances, will imply a confirmation of its j
Since then the matter has been under n har % es; tha J. W J" [ asten f " pon your !
discussion among the teachers-some ac- ° oard ' upon the teachers of San Fran-
cepting our proposition favorably at «sco. upon the press and upon the public |
once, iome objecting on general princi- the l odium of having tolerated a dlsr u ; 1
ples-others holding out against the aux- table f use °j th ? Sl p " blic schools which ;
iliary feature providing certain prizes or > v . as continued until the virtuous Chron-
rewards for teachers returning to us the lcle ca " a nalt '
greatest number of tickets for redemption As far as we are concerned we ask for
in cash to the Teachers' Annuity and nether defense nor apology. Our con-
•Retirement Fund. This part of the prop- science and our hands are clean. Our
osition was withdrawn, whereupon the reputation in the business community is .
Teachers' Annuity Society appointed a too well established to suffer by a little !
committee of five to further investigate foolish newspaper talk. But we protest
the matter and to formulate a correct against -being made the unwilling cause
statement of the modified proposition, of discreditable reflection upon a great '
with the arguments advanced for and and dignified body of men and women to
against it, and to take steps to have this whom the people have intrusted the
submitted by the Superintendent of highest function of the State, and who
Schools with a view of getting a free and we believe enjoy the fullest public confi-
fair expression from all interested. Tht dence and esteem.
vote taken was on the question: "Are We have the honor to remain,
you in favor of accepting and co-operat-
ing with the proposition made by Till- Yours respectfully,
mann & Bendel for aiding the Teachers'
Annuity Fund?" The Principals of most TILLMANN & BEN DEL
of the evening schools and of a few 1 ILLiWAIMN a BfclMUfcL.
day schools made no report. The total San Francisco, Feb. 23, 1898.
Mr. WILSON : I knew an Ohio farmer natneu Enochs He
was about fifty years old and was bothered for years with some
trouble the doctors didn't understand. He told me the story
himself. "I kept getting /weaker,* said he, " and fairly got so
weak my food done me no good, what little I did eat, and I
went from 135 pounds down to 98." It was the druggist who
suggested that he try Ripans Tabules, and h>» says that he had
not used a dozen of them before he felt much better, and after '
a month he was cured sound and well, and in less than a year
weighed 150 pounds. For a long time he had a ba«l color, but
Ito-aay. his .complexion is asj&^j&jßiXDSa^ - J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
EIGHTEEN
LIVES LOST
IN A WRECK
The British Ship Asia
Lost in a Storm
at Night.
'
Driven on Shoals Off Nan
tucket and Dashed
to Pieces.
Captain, His Wife and Daugh
ter Among the Unfortu
nates Drowned.
THREE SEAMEN SAVED.
Picked Up Nearly Unconscious After
Twenty-four Hours of Great
Suffering.
Specfal Dispatch to The Call.
PROVINPETOWN, Mass, Feb. 23.—
The tug Mercury T., Captain Evans,
has arrived here bringing news that
three men of the crew of the British
ship Asia were rescued yesterday. The
men were taken from a piece of wreck
age on which they had been floating
for twenty-four hours and were great
ly exhausted.
The Asia struck on a great round
shoal off Nantucket during the gale
Monday and went to pieces. Captain
Dakin of the Asia with his wife and
daughter were among those on board
at the time and are supposed to have
perished. It is reported that the body
of the captain's daughter is at Wood
Shell, having been recovered with that
of a man, supposed to have been the
mate of the vessel. Only three of
those on board the Asia were saved.
Following is a list of those lost: Cap
tain G. M. Dakin, Mrs. Dakin, Lena
Dakin, First Mate Thomas Cook, Sec
ond Mate Crosby, James Murray. Mi
chael Doyle, Charles Stone, Frank
Walter, Charles Wyna, George John
son, Charles Raraba, Charles Williams,
Charles Carlton, John Fielding, Bur
nett Burneson, Alfred Oldbury, Fred
Lancheste. Total 18.
The three men who were rescued
were taken to Hyannis to-day by the
United States steamer Azalea, where
they told the story of the wreck. The
ship struck on the shoal at 11 o'clock
on Sunday last. The crew were en
gaged in shortening sail at the time.
After she struck she floated again and
then struck three times more., and at
last the crew were unable to get her
off in the fierce storm that prevailed.
Tremendous seas swept over the ship,
which began to leak, and at 2 o'clock
Monday morning it became certain
that she would soon go to pieces.
An attempt was made to launch the
boats, but as fast as one was lowered
It was smashed to pieces against the
vessel until they were all destroyed.
Captain Dakin then decided to con
struct a raft, but before he could ac
complish anything he was swept over
board and drowned. First Mate Cook
then ordered the crew to prepare to
leave the vessel on any piece of wreck
age they might be able to lash together.
Part of the starboard planking of the
deck had been wrenched loose by a tre
mendous sea. This was torn off, and it
was found that it would float with sev
eral persons on it. Mrs. Dakin and her
daughter, in charge of Mate Cook,
James Murray, Michael Doyle, Charles
Stone and Frank Walter, took places
on it and were launched from the ship
on a huge billow. William F. Smith.
Jacob Steburg and James Paces, the
men who reached Hyannis to-day, left
the vessel soon after on another mass
of wreckage which they had hastily
fastened together with ropes, and at
the same time the other men, under the
direction of Second Mate Crosby, were
prepared to commit themselves" to the
sea in a similar manner.
The raft bearing the three sailors
soon sighted the one on which were
Mate Cook, Mrs. Dakin, her daughter,
and the others, and kept it in sight
until dark Monday night. At day
light the next morning they had sep
arated.
The wreck to which the three men
still clung drifted toward the Hand
kerchief lightship, and at 10 o'clock In
the forenoon they were rescued by the
crew of the vessel. The men were so
far gone that they were unable to give
either their names or that of their ship.
On board the lightship prompt reme
dies were applied, and the men re
vived and were soon able to tell enough
to show through what terrible experi
ences they had passed.
Word having reached Hyannis of the
wreck, the United States steamer Aza
lea started this morning to cruise along
the sound among the wreckage of the
Asia in search of possible survivors or
to pick up the bodies of the victims.
She spoke the lightship and was told
of the men on board. She steamed
down toward the vessel, and the ship
wrecked men were transferred to the
Azalea and conveyed to Hyannis.
The men will be cared for by the
British Consul at Chatham until they
are able to be sent to their homes.
Mrs. Whitney's Critical Condition.
AIKEN. S. C, Feb. 23.— The condition
of Mrs. William C. Whitney to-night is
serious. Evidence of paralysis has set in,
the result of injury to the spine. Dr. Wil
liam T. Bull and Valentine Mott of New
York are in constant attendance. Dr. Bull
arrived on a special train from New York
this morning. .
■ • -*— : • ■-
Erlewine Finally Re-Elected.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23.-The City
Board of Education, after a two months'
struggle, re-elected O. W. Erlewine, who
has for the past four years ably filled the
position of City Superintendent of Schools
to fill the office again. '
San Rafael Minister Dead.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 23.— Rev. Dr. Hart
man, for the past seven years minister
of the Episcopal church at this place,
died this morning. A year ago last Christ
mas, while addressing his congregation
he became paralyzed in the throat, and
since that time he has been falling.
Hanford Man's Useful Discovery.
HANFORD. Feb. 23.— J. F. Adams, a
blacksmith of this city, has recently per
fected a solution which he uses to make
scrap iron harder than steel. It is excit
ing interest in mechanical circles all over
the State.
Still No News of La Champagne.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Up to midnight
no news had been received of the French
liner La Champagne, which was due here
on Sunday from Havre.
ONE YEAR
IN PRISON
FOR ZOLA
The Novelist Found
Guilty on All
Counts.
Sentenced to Imprison
ment and to Pay
a Fine.
Perrieux Also Convicted and
Will Serve a Term of
Four Months.
REJOICING OF THE RABBLE
Cries of "Brsvo" and Cheers for the
Army When the Verdict
Is Announced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
1 ♦ PARIS, Feb. 23.— Emile Zola ♦
♦ was found guilty on all the ♦
4- counts made against him to-day, +
♦ and was sentenced to imprison- +
>■ ment for one year and to pay a +
■♦• fine of 3000 francs. M. Perrieux, ♦
♦ manager nf the Aurore. in which +
+ paper M. Zola published his +
, + charges against the conduct of +
■f the Esterhazy court - martial, -f
+ was condemned to four months' -f
+ imprisonment and to pay 3000 -f
♦ francs fine. There was a big -f
-f demonstration outside the court +
♦ when theaudiencerushed out an- +
♦ nouncing the verdict. The crowd -f
♦ waved their hats, cried "Bravo!" +
+ and cheered for the army. +
There was increased excitement in
the precincts of the Palace of Justice,
where MM. Zola and Perrieux have
been on trial since February 7.
M. Laborie, counsel for M. Zola, re
sumed his argument for the defense.
Referring to the bordereau, counsel
maintained that it was written by
Major Esterhazy, and said that the
presentation of several secret docu
ments at the court-martial fully estab
lished this. Recalling Premier Meline's
refusal to discuss the subject when M.
Jaures, the Socialist leader, inter
polated the Government on the sub
ject in the Chamber of Deputies, M.
Laborie said it could be concluded
therefrom that the Government had
something to hide. [Uproar.] Con
tinuing, M. Laborie said:
"General Mercier (Minister of War at
the time of the Dreyfus court-martial)
wrung the sentence out of the court
martial in defiance of all law."
M. Laborie exclaimed: "I believe
the country will soon realize the
gravity of the situation and will re
volt and protest in the name of eternal
morality. This is what M. Zola has
done."
Referring to the document which
General Pellieux unexpectedly pro
duced in court, purporting to warn the
Minister of War not to confess that he
ever had relations with "that Jew,"
counsel maintained that the note In
reality said, "with that Jewish clique,"
and asserted that the authorities had
not produced the alleged incriminating
documents because "it would have re
sulted not in war but In ridicule."
The speaker's touching reference to
the unhappiness of the Dreyfus family,
the courage and abnegation of Mme.
Dreyfus and the letter from Dreyfus
in September, 1897, protesting his in
nocence more energetically than ever,
produced a profound sensation, many
of the people in court weeping.
When the verdict was announced M.
Zola, on hearing it, said:
"They are all cannibals."
M. Zola emerged from the court at
7:30 p. m. and his appearance was the
signal for tremendous denunciations
and insults and shouts of "Down with
Zola!" "Death to Zola!" The crowd
made a mad rush after his carriage,
but a strong bulwark of police inter
vened and saved him from the fury of
his denunciators.
ZOLA AS A MARTYR.
Emily Crawford Describes the Clos
ing Scenes of the Trial.
PARIS, Feb. 23.— The Zola trial Is
ended. The jury agreed days ahead on
a verdict, and its unanimity was due
j to threats. It stayed in the jury room
I for a few minutes and the sentence is
! one year for M. Zola and four months
j for M. Perrieux, the nominal director
of the Aurore. The hour was 7 in the
evening and the court was lighted with
electricity, which revealed the face of
every person. A striking object,
| "Christ Crucified," hung high behind
the bench. M. Maitre Laborie ended
j his speech by saying:
"The name of Pilate is the most ab
horred in history."
The figure of Christ caught Zola's
eye. After sentence had been passed
with pompous decorum he exclaimed:
"To-day, associated with Christ, I,
too, am a victim of mock violence, offi
cial cowardice and a grand miscarriage
of justice."
He did not wince or flinch. He
looked as indifferent as a mere spec
tator. Mme. Zola's devoted heart at
first seemed broken, but when she felt
that she must brace herself up to rise
to the height of Zola's grand situation
she became calm and self-possessed.
His friends, the- artists Bruneau and
Dcs Moulin, were more broken-hearted
than he. They have daily accompanied
Zola, protecting him from mob vio
lence. M. Laborie also was greatly up
set.
Zola's other friends were delighted.
They declared that by the sentence he
was redeemed from past faults; that it
set him upon a radiant pedestal, gave
him a unique position and would make
him the representative man of hu
manity. They had greatly feared a se
vere sentence.
M. Clemenceau pleaded for the hum
ble Perrieux and tried to cheer him.
He, poor fellow, has no compensations,
no world-wide advertisement for his
works, no blaze of glory.
The troops were never employed to
keep order during the trial. The service
guards and constabulary only were
called out. There were 7000 on duty
around the law courts to-day, but
despite all precautions to exclude the
public 2000 persons got into the hall.
There were endless officers in uniform
and civilian clothes, and the young of
ficers in the court and -hall joined the
manifestations and waved their caps
when "Vive l'Armee" was cried. The
old officers were content to laugh mer
rily.
The jury slipped away, but some of
. THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.  | THE EMPORIUM.
'<&¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
r ,
I Only three days more of "The Blacksmith."
I An unusually fine programme will be rendered at the Saturday Night Concert.
I A THREE DAYS' SALE OF UNDERWEAR
I AND HOSIERY THAT WILL CREATE
I , A SENSATION.
I Beginning this morning at 8 o'clock and until closing time Saturday, if the
I goods last that length of time, we will offer at the Special Sale Counters in the main
j; aisle as you enter the store these Three Remarkable Bargains:
k Wool Vests Ladies' Jersey Ribbed Wool Vests and Pants white or silver gray— seams
I AX> + all covered— pants on French band — sizes 3, 4, 5 and 6. Too many on hand for
y End i antS this season of the year, so to help create a large attendance for the last days £VT
k 55c Each. °f tne week they will go at the absurdly low price per garment. ............ 33C
k BoVS* IVlerilio Boys' and Youths' White Merino Vests and Drawers for ages
v of/. -pv sto 14 years — sizes 24 to 34. We have concluded not to carry this par-
k OnirtS JJraWCrs ticular line in the future, and to help fill the big store for the next •* r
1 \sc Each* three days we say per garment.. '. >OC
t ( The larger si{es are worth 40c and 50c each.)
\ Todies' Ladies' 40-gauge Seamless Cotton Hose — five different styles to select
i Q t tj from— all fast black— black with white feet black Richelieu fibbed— black
* OeamleSS rlOSe Rembrant — dark tan Richelieu ribbed — sizes 848 4 l to 10. We carry far too many
» \oc Pair. kinds of medium price Hose, and this will be a good opportunity to cllfe out
» five lines, at the same time swell the sales for the next three days. Per •* r\
I pair ..:........'..... >UC.
!•' TO-DAY'S GROCERY SPECIALS.
If These prices are for Thursday only. Each day some specials are offered in
; our busy Grocery Store — cuts from our regular low prices. See the daily bulletins in
; the show-windows for these offerings. Use direct grocery telephone — South 59.
' Maine Sugar Corn — 2-lb tins — regularly 1 3c tin — for to-day only .... 9C9 C
! Fancy Glace Lemon and Orange Peel — regularly 17c lb — to-day only 2 lbs for 25c
1 Sand Soap — regularly 4c each — for to-day only 35 for $1.00
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar
| V COMPLETE KLONDIKE OUTFITS— BEST QUALITIES ONLY. ;
Send for Klondike 'Book to Advertising Bureau, Emporium, San Francisco i;: !
the jurymen were recognized in the
hall and borne in triumph through the
.seething crowds on young men's
shoulders. The din was fearful, but it
was a joyous din. The fact that Zola
was meeting a severe sentence softened
angry passions. The French as victors
are kindly, defeat sours and infuriates
them.
"Are we entering," moderate people
ask, "an era of pronunciamentos?"
No; no French general ever attempt
ed military dictature. The first and
second Napoleons were practically for
eigners. But there is a strange com
bination of army, church and people,
with one objective — to put down "Israel
in France." This union is less fortu
itous than it looks. The Jews now con
trol all the sources of wealth. The
minds and feelings of the people have
long been In revolt in secret against
this power, which has no physical force
behind it. What has fermented in the
brain is now going into action.
The church is the one great universal
organization to pit against the Jewish
universal alliance. France, therefore,
is now practically with Rome, but she
must keep the republic. A monarchy
could only live by force of the army,
and would mean war.
France is not organized for war, for
her army is only militia; but Prince
Henry of Orleans is hoping for a mili
tary movement against the republic
and to come to the top. He daily
showed himself during the trial in the
hall of the courthouse, and one day em
braced Major Esterhazy, crying,
"Vive l'Armee!" He was sur
rounded and salaamed to by his
Orleanist friends; but it did not do. He
has no brilliant, captivating qualities,
but only an ambiguous, half-girlish
figure, and talks through his nose,
languidly.
M. Faure only patronized General
Pellieux and General de Boisdeffre as
against Zola. He likes fine military
company. Boisdeffre is aristocratic,
and in 'favor with St. Petersburg, and
the President is sensible to this.
The cheering was tremendous all over
town, but there was little violence,
though the Jews were terrified. Some
Jews managed to be near the law
court, but escaped with their lives.
Fortunately three days of carnival
have used up the animal spirits of the
people. They were tired and wanted
to go to bed. The students, however,
are much excited.
At a late hour to-night I went to
Zola's house. As I passed through the
flower-adorned vestibule I thought that
a year's imprisonment would be a
wholesome change from this luxury.
M. Zola's taste for luxury is Italian,
and his home is furnished much in the
Italian manner, richly and handsomely.
I found him more nervous than on
the hearing of the verdict, but bearing
up "with a stiff upper lip." He says he
is sorry for France, but thinks she will
right herself.
The house was filled from the ground
floor to the garret with bouquets of
flowers that had come from all parts—
the gifts, doubtless, of Jewish ladies.
The tables were littered deep with tele
grams. One dispatch of 3000 words
came to-day from Odessa.
M. Zola will write another letter be
fore surrendering himself. He is very
tired. He absolutely felt like a storm
tossed mariner. He was going, he said,
to the end of the century in all-round
new conditions.
The friends around him envied him
in his new departure in the path of
glory. What an honor it would be to
be a martyr for truth and justice! He
has had all that a prosperous career
could give; but the way of the cross,
philosophically understood, was now
open to him.
A friend expressed regret that there
was so much burgeoise comfort at the
St. Pelagic Prison. M. Rochefort has
there his English bed and bedding, and
his servant and his wife go daily to
prepare his lunch. A cell would be
preferable were it not for rheumatism.
Zola's oldest friend assures me that
he would not die in jail. He was
brought up in hardship; his father was
an old military campaigner with Na
poleon, and in the retreat from Rus
sia, at Waterloo and other battles — a
sturdy French peasant. M. Zola was
reared by peasantry to b« hardy and
enduring. His health is not so good as
a while ago, owing to his anti-fat diet,
but the prison is sure to strengthen
him, and then there is the stimulating
moral force. EMILY CRAWFORD.
Suicide With Carbolic Acid.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 23.— Coroner Clark
to-day received information that on Sat
day Hanna H. Clark, who resided with
her parents near Grand Island, took car
bolic acid with suicidal intent, from the
effects of which she died this morning.
The girl was twenty-two years of age.
The Coroner will Investigate further to
morrow.
Y. M. C. A. STATE
CONVENTION
Its Opening at Riverside
Sort of a General
Reception.
Delegates Listen to Addresses of
Welcome and Then Get
Acquainted.
To-Day Work Will Begin in Earnest
and Many Eloquent Speakers
Will Be Heard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 23.— The annual
State convention of the Y. M. C. A.
opened here to-day in Y. M. C. A. Hall,
about 100 delegates answering to their
names. The convention was not called
to order until 4 p. m., making a short
session for the first day. As there are
delegates to the convention arriving
on every train the prospects for a large
representation to-morrow are good.
The programme this afternoon con
sisted of something in the nature of a
general reception, in which the several
delegates were made acquainted with
each other. During the afternoon H.
J. McCoy of San Francisco, State gen-
eral secretary, led the programme. The
first public service was held this even
ing at the Calvary Presbyterian
Church. Addresses of welcome in be
half of the local association and the
churches were delivered by Judge
Crowe and Rev. W. J. Arnold. Rev.
Hugh K. Walker of Immanuel Presby
terian Church, Los Angeles, gave an
address on young manhood.
For to-morrow the principal speakers
will be H. J. McCoy, Rev. A. J. Frost
of San Bernardino, C. B. Willis, gen
eral secretary of the Milwaukee asso
ciation, and Rev. Charles Edward
Locke of San Francisco.
The San Francisco delegates present
are Rev. C. E. Locke. Dr. H. L. Deltz,
Frank A. Jackson, H. J. McCoy and
daughter, and Isaac Penny; from Oak
land — Noel H. Jacks and C. A. Glunz;
from Sacramento— Grove F. Ekins. R.
Cope Morgan, editor of the Christian,
London, accompanied by his wife, are
in attendance.
MONSTER DEAL IN TIMBER.
Transfer of All Pine Tributary to
Klamath River.
MARINETTE, Wis., Feb. 23.— One of
the largest timber deals ever made in
the United States will be closed with
in two weeks. The property is 1,000,
000,000 feet of sugar pine on the Kla
math RiVer, in Northern California,
and a sawmill at Klamath, Ore. The
purchasers are to be Fred Carney Sr.
of this city, J. H. Wilbeck and other
capitalists of Chicago and the Messrs.
Ducey of Detroit and Newberry, Mich.
The consideration will be somewhere in
the neighborhood of $1,000,000. The lum
bermen returned last night after in
specting the pine. San Francisco law
yers are now working on the deal, get
ting titles in' shape for the transac
tion.
The timber will include all the pine
tributary to the Klamath River, and
the purchaser will give the new own
ers co-ntrol of the entire stream.
Double Kentucky Lynching.
PADUCAH, Ky., Feb. 23.— Richard Allen
and Tom Holmes were lynched at May
field, Ky., to-night. Allen robbed a house
and Holmes killed his wife six months
Mechanics' Institute Election.
The regular annual election of trustees
of the Mechanics' Institute was held yes
terday, resulting as follows: J. H. Cul
ver. E. P. Heald, P. J. Healy, George R.
Presson, Charles D. Stelger, H. L. Tiek
ney and George H. Wallis. Messrs. Heald,
Healy, Presson and Willis were re-elected.
There were sixteen candidates and 691
votes cast. The newly elected trustees
will be installed at the annual meeting of
the members of the institute on March 5.
DEATH-BLOW TO
ANNEXATION
Johnson's Great Speech, in
the House Settles
Its Fate.
Most Forceful Argument Yet
Presented at This Session
of Congress.
Republican Representatives Hitherto
Undecided Now Join the
Opposition.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 23.
Eastern newspapers declare that
Representative Johnson's speech yes
terday in opposition to Hawaiian an
nexation was the ablest yet delivered
in this Congress. It is the opinion
now that the joint resolution will fall
to pass the House. It is significant
that many Republicans applauded
Johnson's speech. Sentiment had not
formed on the annexation question,
and the House was in a receptiva,
mood. Representative Lorimer of Chi
cago said to-night:
"I had been opposed to the general
proposition of acquiring non-contigu
ous territory, but had about concluded
there were special reasons for annex
ing Hawaii. I had decided, therefore,
that if the question came up in the
House to vote for annexation. But Mr.
Johnson's speech has set me to think
ing. I don't beHeve I can afford to
vote for annexation, even as a party;
measure.
Representative Moody of Massachu
setts says there has been a decided
change in sentiment in the Massachu
setts delegation since the Johnson
speech, and one of the West Virginia
members announced this morning that
Johnson's forcible argument convinced
him that annexation is not practica
ble. No speech ever delivered in Con
gress has had greater influence. Sev
eral Republican members said to-day
that the State of Indiana ought to send
Mr. Johnson to the Senate.
SANTA CLARA'S VICTORY.
Too Much for the Berkeley Boys at
the National Game.
SANTA CLARA. Feb. 23.— The first
| game of the season between the Univer
| sjty of California and Santa Clara Col
! lege was played yesterday and the home
team proved too much for the Berkeley
I boys. The features of the game were the
! heavy hitting of the Santa Claras and
| their marvelous base-stealing, showing
i that Joe Corbett's coaching has been of
i great benefit to them. In the sixth in
! ning Kaarsberg was taken out of the
! box and Zims substituted, but he proved
i an easy mark and in the seventh he was
1 touched up for five hits, netting as many,
earned runs. Kelly pitched in fine form,
- allowing only six hits and scoring ten
! strikeouts. The score tells the following
i tale:
• Santa Clara College.Aß. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Robinson, c. f 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
; Taber, r. f 3 4 2 2 % • 0
i Graham, c 3 2 2 1 10 1 0
; Leake, s. 8 5 1 3 3 0 1 1
! Kelly, p 5 1 2 0 2 2 0
< Farry, lb 5 2 1 0 5 0 0
Conor, 3b 3 112 5 10
Conahan. 1. f 5 0 1 2 2 0 0
Garnot, 2b 4 0 0 0 112
Totals : 38 11 12 10 27 6 3
: University of Cal. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
: Baer, 3b 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
I Collins, lb 4 1 1 0 18 0 2
• Sykes, c. f 4 0 2 0 10 1
I Hoag, r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
\ Cheerborough, 1. t... 3 1 0 0 3 0 0
Foster, s. s 4 0 10 15 0
I-Kaarsberg, p 3 0 10 0 4 0
Hunter, c 2 0 0 1110
• McLaren, 2b 4 0 0 0 0 7 0
Zims, p 10 0 0 0 10
Totals 33 2 6 1 24 20 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
|U C 0 0 0 110 0 0 o—2
Base' hits 0 1113 0 0 0 o—6
i Santa Clara College... 1 0 0 110 6 2 •— ll
Base hits 2 0 0 3 10 5 1 »-l2
Earned runs— Santa Clara 7, U. C. 1. First
1 base on errors— U. C. 2. Santa Clara 3. First
base on called balls— U. C. 3, Santa Clara 6.
Left on bases— U. C. 7, Santa Clara 8. Wild
pitch— Zims. Struck out— By Kelly 10. Time
of game — One hour and 30 minutes. I'mpir*—
Conconnon. Scorers— Butler and Sandlno.
56
©be < a &||j^<£3tU
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 24,^89$
~~ JOHN D. SPRECKELS^j^prietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*, S. F
'4 »*" : Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevanson •tr«et j
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is j
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
€5 cents. _____
THE WEEKLY CALL .".Or)* year, by mail. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ■ 906 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
.NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
, " '■*■.- ->j
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlft_s Houae
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
ERANCH OFFICES— -527 Montgomery street corner Clay •
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 o'clock- 62! MoAlllster street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock ',
106 Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street ,
epei) until 9:30 o'clock- NW» corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— Bostonians.
California— Blac* Patti Troubadours.
Columbia— "Shall We Forgive Her."
Alca^x— "Charley's Aunt-
MoroWo'B— 'The Last Stroke."
Tivoli— Vice-Admiral"
Tlvoll— Concert this afternoon.
Orpbeum— Vaudeville. . .
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Pacific Coast Jockey Clnb— Races at Ingleslde to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eaeton & Eldrldge— This day, February 24, Turkish Buys,
at 625 Sutter street at 2:30 and 8 P. M.
" By Frank W. Butterfield— This day, February 14, Turkish
Rugs, at 116 s>utter street, at 2 p. m.
Oriental Rugs— This day, February 24, at 234 Sutter street,
at 2 and 8 p. m.
By Yon Rheln & Co.— day, February 24. Real Estate, at
(36 Market street, at 12 o'clock. . % ' « . v . :; ■.= 5 .7I ?.
By Madison & Burke— Thursday March 3, Real Estate, at 626
Market street, at 12 o'clock. ■
THE MONUMENTAL BOODLER.
OX its own behalf and on behalf of its yellow
partner in New York the Mission Street
Boodler says that in proposing to erect at the
people's expense a monument to the dead sailors of
the battle-ship Maine it is engaged in a patriotic and
soul inspiring work. Possibly the basis of the
Boodler's statement is correct, but to our minds tes
timony as to the nature of its monument movement
is irrelevant, incompetent and immaterial. What the
public has a burning desire to know is this: Who is
going to handle the monument funds after they are
contributed?
In the cases of the dead firemen, for the benefit of
whose widows and children the people of this city
raised $5000, the Boodler still holds on to the coin.
One of the beneficiaries has been compelled to bring
suit for a distribution which should have been made
long ago. The Boodler explains that it has been
advised by an attorney to keep the money. Per
haps this explanation is true — though in the absence
of an affidavit by some reputable person we are in
clined to discredit it — but why should the Boodler
follow any such advice? The money was not contri
buted to be held by the Boodler in trust for any
body. It was raised for the immediate benefit of the
widows and children of the dead firemen. The
Boodier. were it susceptible to any feeling of shame,
ought to perceive that these widows and orphans are
in a fair way to die of starvation ere it discovers a
legal method of disposing of the funds.
With this case before them we do not think the peo
ple of this part of the country at least will feel in
clined to give the Boodler much money toward a
monument for the martyred sailors of the Maine.
If the Boodler asked for contributions to enable it
to employ somebody to teach it how to be honest
and truthful the matter would bear a different phase.
As a matter of fact, however, it is begging for money
with which to build a monument. If it follows its
usual practice after getting the money it will keep it
and let the monument whistle.
The marvelous feature of the cases of the dead
firemen, the monument and the Boodler's explana
tions of its tendency to pocket all the coin that falls
into its hands is the circumstance that the miserable
sheet still has an idea that its pretenses of decency
are credited by the public. The fact that its pro
prietor and chief editor are still outside of a jail
seems to have convinced the Boodler that it may con
tinue with impunity to impose on the people.
Rarely frre we called upon to diagnose a more amaz
ing case of moral obliquity.
Nearly four years ago the Boodler was convicted of
blackmailing the Southern Pacific Company out of
$22,000. The contract for editorial silence on a basis
ot $1000 a month has been published and is still in
the possession of C. P. Huntington: Since 1894 the
sheet has been convicted of all sorts of crimes. We
have caught it in the act of stealing a paper from
our press rooms; we have convicted it of lying and
"faking." garbling new? and falsifying telegrams; we
have proved that it inaugurates charitable enterprises
for the purpose of robbing the public, and, finally.
we have shown that when contributions are en
trusted to it for the benefit of widows and orphans
it refuses to relinquish the funds.
How a criminal, possessed of even the opaque
morals of the Boodler. can still imagine that its
readers believe it honest passes our comprehension
Perhaps somebody will be found foolish enough to
entrust the Boodler with money for a monument.
But we doubt it.
Spain is said to be trying to ally the countries of
South and Central America against the United States,
but there is nothing in the report to be scared about.
In the first place it is probably not true, in the
second place even if true it is not a matter of im
portance, and in the third place if Spain fools around
those warm-blooded people too much some 2x4
republic will abandon its internal fights long
enough to give her a worse licking than she is getting
in Cuba.
As the New York Journal offers wealthy people
10 per cent to collect contributions for a monument
to the heroes of the Maine, it is pertinent to
ask what percentage the Journal itself intends to keep.
Records of disasters in Alaskan waters prove that
the sound steamers in that trade are those that start
from San Francisco. Those from Puget ports will
have to take another name.
The fight for San Pedro harbor seems to have been
won at last, and it is now appropriate to ask Mr.
Huntington if he knows any game he can play
better.
There may be no war, but the prevailing opinion is
that Spain needs a licking, and Uncle Sam would feel
better if he licked somebody.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY ORATIONS.
THE addresses delivered in celebration of the
anniversary of the birthday of Washington af
forded a fairly adequate expression to the pa
| triotic sentiments and abiding aspirations of the
| American people. No speech of the day is likely to
! live among the immortal orations which humanity
treasures from generation to generation, but many
sufficed the needs of the day by serving to recall to
the popular mind the great problems of the republic
and instilling lessons of patriotism exemplified in the
character and career of him who will be ever remem
bered as first in war, first in peace «nd first in the
hearts of his countrymen.
The day was worthily celebrated throughout the
Union, and notably sp in this city and State. It was
marked by the appearance among the orators of the
day of the President and an ex-President of the repub
lic. It was inevitable that to their speeches the greater
amount of public attention would be given, and
both of them proved equal to the occasion. They
spoke to the nation more than to the audiences before
them, and their addresses merit serious consideration
from all classes of citizens.
The address of the President, as befitted the occa
sion of a university celebration, was oi an academic
character and dealt largely with the importance of
education among a people whose government de
pends upon the popular vote. Nevertheless it con
tained some striking passages pertinent to the par
ticular issues of the time and emphasized by well
chosen quotations from the writings of Washington
the supreme value to the nation of cherishing the
public credit, observing our just obligations to all
foreign countries and maintaining untarnished the i
American name.
He is but an unintelligent citizen who cannot per
ceive the application of these words to the problems
of the day. "Cherish the public credit" is a good
campaign cry against the foolish advocates of paying j
the public debt in 50-cent dollars, and the advocates
of sound money ask no better plank for their platform
than the words, "From the day our flag was unfurled
to the present hour no stain of a just obligation vio
iated has yet tarnished the American name. This |
must and will be in the future as it has been in the ;
past."
The speech of ex-President Harrison was of a
very different character from that of the President.
It was addressed not to academic culture, but to the
consciences of men engaged in the pursuit of wealth
and power. It was a solemn warning against the
evils which will be sure to overtake wealth if it seeks
\ to escape its due share of public burdens and duties.
j The impression it will create is certain to be lasting
and profound among the people, and it is to be
hoped it will have an equal effect among that class
of people to whom it was expressly addressed.
There can be no question that the" subject upon
which the ex-President spoke is one of the most im
j perative of the time. Other issues come and go. but
; thJI issue of the obligations of wealth to the public
J remains with us and increases with the years. It was
i also fitting that the address should have been made
I on a day devoted to the memory of Washington, for
as the orator said, "His life teaches no lesson more
strongly than that the citizen is under obligation to
seive the state, never to shirk his full share of burden
and labor and sacrifice, but rather to do more."
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
f~* OMMENTING upon the difficulty in obtaining
I from Congress adequate appropriations for the
improvement of the greater harbors and rivers
of the country while millions of dollars are wasted
upon works of comparatively little value, the New
York Times says: "Senator Edmunds once exposed
the rottenness of the procedure with river and har
bor appropriation bills by procuring the insertion of
an item for the deepening and widening of the chan
nel of the Ompompanoosuc River in Vermont. After
the Senate had solemnly approved the proposed ex
penditure he explained that the stream was navigable
only for 'shiners.' "
The story is interesting, but the Times has not
drawn from it the true moral. That Senator Ed
munds succeeded in getting the Senate to vote an
appropriation for a stream of insignificant propor
tions is not an evidence of rottenness in the proced
ure of Congress in making such appropriations, but
of the influence of a strong and experienced man
over the body in which he serves. The Senators
voted for the improvement of Ompompanoosuc
River out of deference to Senator Edmunds. They
would not have been so compliant to the request or
even the arguments of a new comer in Congress.
The lesson to be drawn from the incident is that
every State should send strong men to represent it
in Congress and maintain them there for a long term
of years. The rivers and harbors of California would
not have been left all these years unimproved if the
people of this State had been as wise as those of
some of the older States in that respect.
The people of California have been too changeable
in politics. Very rarely have they kept a delegate in
Congress long enough to acquire prestige and power
in either house. To them may be applied the warn
ing spoken of Reuben, "Unstable as water, thou
shalt not excell." That the great waterways of the
State remain almost unnavigable is mainly due to the
fact that the voters of the State prefer to change a
Congressman every two years. That is the moral for
us to draw from the story of the appropriation for
the Ompompanoosuc, a Vermont stream navigable
only for shiners.
THE NEED OF DEFENSIVE PREP
ARATIONS.
THE Spanish complications and their incidents,
the actual and not manufactured minors con
cerning them and all that body of fact and
opinion which make up the news of each day, serve a
purpose that is not sinister and differs widely from
that method which is the reproach of sensational
journalism. The immediate result of aroused public
feeling has been to call attention to our defensive
needs. The financial and commercial vitals of the
country are in its seacoast cities. Of course no one
fears that a hostile force can penetrate the country
and make anywhere in the interior a costly lodgment
or a devastating march. This sense of security in the
interior is known to beget indifference to coast de
fense on the part of members of Congress who rep
resent interior constituencies. They seldom see the
coast cities, and most of their constituents never see
them at all. These conditions have caused a state
of indifference as to the measure of 'protection fur
nished at vital spots. Even insufficient appropria
tions are grudgingly given, and thus from a military
point of view the nation is exposed to attack and loss
that would require years to repair, in addition to the
humiliation and smart of it. Something positive is
required *ft call general attention to these things, and
that something has been furnished in the widespread
excitement that has followed the disaster to the
Maine. It is quite the rule in these cases for business
men at exposed points to be called on to deprecate
the publications which sting the oeoDle into attention
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
to the national defense. But it must not be forgotten
that these same business men will be the most violent
critics of the Government if trouble come and our
coasts are found to be defenseless.
There is no desire to urge the Government into
useless war, to nag the administration into a martial
response to popular excitement, but there is sense
and safety in the method by which popular feeling
may be used to compel the country to make defensive
preparations, so that if war come, now or ever, our
vital points will be ready for it.
It is not wise to be too optimistic, to be too sure that
we are safe from war, that nobody wants to attack
us, that we are too big a contract for anybody, on
land and sea. In less than a century and a quarter
we have had three foreign wars, and a fourth was in
declaration and narrowly averted, and one civil war
of stupendous proportions. When we reflect that
this is an actual warlike conflict for each thirty years
since the Declaration of Independence, no man can
say that another may not be impending. Therefore
it is well to discriminate between that journalism
whose object is cautionary and that which is merely
idle and sensational. We may be far from war with
Spain, but the more complete our preparation,
though the influence which induces it may be public
excitement, the less likely are we to have war with
anybody.
OAKLAND is aroused. Her people have not
accepted the wrong done them by the
schemers of the water company with a tame
submission. The job put through by a majority of
j the Council without debate, without warning, in a
t single night, with the swiftness of assured insolence,
will not be so swiftly enforced. It will be opposed by an
! indignanj people with every resource at their com
mand, and it will go hard with honesty under our
laws if the grab of greed prove successful and the
perpetrators escape unwhipped of justice.
The raise in water rates by the resolution so sud
denly sprung, while bad in itself, was made worse by
the methods used in accomplishing it and the cir
j cumstances under which it was carried out. Never
\ have the plunderers of municipalities acted with a
I more shameless impudence than in this case. They
made no pretense of giving consideration or study to
• the issue before them. The resolution was sprung
I abruptly upon the Council, was referred to a com
' mittee, which reported back in about five minutes,
| and was straightway adopted without an attempt to
reply to the indignant protests of the minority.
It is by such offenses as these that popular indig
nation has been roused against corporations in this
country. It is by these practices that class hatreds
have been excited among the people. As Benjamin
Harrison said in his address on "The Obligations of
Wealth," on Washington's birthday, "If there is not
virility enough left in our laws and in the adminis
tration of justice in our courts to bring to punish
ment those who defraud the State and their neigh
bors; if crimes of fraud may stalk unrebuked and
unpunished in our streets; how 10/ig will it be until
crimes of violence make insecure the fortunes that
have refused to contribute ratably to the cost of
maintaining social order?"
The ex-President was speaking of the practice of
rich men of evading taxes, but the words apply with
equal force to corporations that seek to enrich them
selves unjustly at the public expense. The question
he asked, let it be borne in mind, did not come from
a demagogue or professional agitator. It came from
cue of the most eminent statesmen of the republic,
an honored leader of the great conservative party in
these times of agitation and social disturbance. It is
a question that cannot be put aside with indifference
or treated with disdain.
By every aspect of the thing itself and by every
evidence of the attending circumstances, it appears
that a gross fraud and wrong has been committed
r.prainst the welfare and the property of the people of
Oakland. If the fraud proves successful and goes
unpunished a new means will be furnished to dema
gogues to raise a popular antagonism to corporate
ownership of public utilities, and the time may come
when the corporations may cry in Train for the fair
treatment they now refuse the public. Oakland has
a grave issue before her people and it is to be hoped
the indignation now aroused will not fail to find
means to settle it with justice for her citizens and
punishment for the wrongdoers.
THE LOS ANGELES WOTER FIGHT.
BY refusing to comply with the demand of the
City Council for an inventory of the amount
of property it received from the city at the
commencement of the lease of water privileges thirty
years ago the Los Angeles Water Company has
clearly disclosed an intention to make a fight for con
tinued possession of the property by tactics of delay,
as The Call predicted when first it directed public
attention to the subject and pointed out the wrong
that threatened Los Angeles and her people.
The company not only refused to file the inventory
demanded, but in its contemptuous disregard for pub
lic rights let the subject pass without even assigning
a reason for declining to comply with "the demand of
the Council. Having possession of the water prop
erty of the city the company evidently intends to hold
it after the expiration of the lease, and to that end
will resort to every means corporate greed can de
vise and cunning execute.
No injustice was done to any right or interest of
the company by the demand of the Council. Two
weeks were allowed the corporation to make up the
inventory, and that was ample for the work. It could
have been accomplished by willing parties in half the
time. The refusal to comply can therefore mean
nothing else than a determination to delay and post
pone every step in the way of a recovery of the prop
erty by the city until the lease has expired and then
take legal proceedings to hold it still further on the
ground that the city has not complied with the re
quirement of the lease and paid for the improvements
of the property.
This is one of the boldest and most flagrant of
fenses against public rights ever committed in Cali
fornia. It would be a disgrace to the manhood of the
people of Los Angeles if it were permitted to succeed.
There is in this issue no question of what are fair
water rates. It is a plain case of trying to retain
for a private corporation property that belongs to the
city. If consummated it would be a steal even if
carried out under legal forms, and nothing could be
pleaded in justification of the grab, for the city has
shown a desire to perform all of its obligations under
the lease, and has been prevented up to this time
only by the machinations and trickery of the com
pany itself.
There seems to be but one way to defeat the con
spiracy. The officials of the city should make an
offer to arrange for the arbitration the lease calls for.
If that is persistently refused the city, when the lease
expires, should take possession of its property and
leave the water company in the plight of a too smart
schemer who has been beaten at his own game.
OAKLAND fJROUSED.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
In the multitude of councilor? there is
wisdom, and Albert Carre, the new direc
tor of the Paris Opera Comtque, is step
ping into his new shoes surrounded by
chunks of wisdom from all the leading
musicians of France. When he received
his appointment one of the leading
French newspapers started a symposium
for musicians to say what Carre ought to
do, and what he ought to leave undone.
The musicians responded with alacrity,
with joy, in fact, for they all seemed to
feel that they could run Frances light
opera theater better than the new direc
tor. Some of their opinions clashed, some
of them were more theoretical than prac
tical and some of them were very val
uable, indeed. In any case, Carre is not
wanting for councilors. It is a serious
and awful responsibility to be director of
the Paris Opera Comique. The post is in
the gift of the Government, and the man
who holds it is supposed to hold aloft
the lamp of art— with a capital A. If he
passes over works by French composers
ALBERT CARRE, Director of the Opera Comlfjue.
and produces foreign successes he is
called "unfaithful to French art." If, on
the other hand, he turns his back on for
eign successes and sticks to home talent
he is called "Chauvinistic," and is ac
cused of having a soul "dead to real art."
He can, if he chooses, produce lyric trag
edies, such as "Qarmen" and poor God
ard's "Vivandiere," and thenceforth they
are given to" the world as "opera comlque,"
though they are about as comic as "Ham
let" or "Macbeth." lie can give worthy
singers a chance, and make them famous
in a night, or he can be so conservative
that young talent has no chance to shine
in French lyric comedy. Dozens of incip
ient American prima donnas will sing to
Albert Carre in the coming by and by,
and on that account, if on no other, his
new policy in managing the Opera Co
mlque has an especial interest to Ameri
cans.
A great Russian nobleman has Just
made himself a present of an amusement
which has cost the trifle of $6000, but
which fills all his evenings with delight.
This nobleman adores "Rigoletto" more
than all the other operas in the universe,
and as he finds that Verdi's popular work
is not often enough performed. In the Rus
sian capital, he has had a mechanical
theater made to give the opera. The art
ists are big marionettes dressed with
exquisite taste, and their movements
are co regulated by machinery that
they reproduce "Rigoletto" with admir
able stage play. It can be easily guessed
that the music is furnished by a phono
graph. Thanks to arrangements with the
managers of several well-known opera
troupes the Russian nobleman has pro
cured several exact reproductions of the
opera as it has been given by celebrated
artists in America and Europe. Even the
orchestra is reproduced, and the conduc
tor with his baton. In this way "Rigo
letto" can be given with several different
oasts and with a choice of conductors.
The happy owner presses one of the but
tons, the performance commences, beau
tiful scenery is displayed and the artists
go through their different parts to the ac
companiment of the phonograph. After
each act the curtain falls and the music
ceases till another button is pressed. This
sort of lyric theater for the home might
compete seriously with regular opera
houses were it not for its costliness.
Amateurs, however, will think twice be
fore purchasing a lyric repertoire at the
cost of $6000 an opera. They wili
find it a good deal cheaper to buy a box
for the season.
M. A. Bungert, who made a great stfr
in Germany not long ago with his opera,
"The Return of Ulysses," has just nro
dueed the second opera of his Homeric
cycle at the Theater Royal, Dresden.
This work is entitled "Circe," and its
success has been overwhelming, though
the German critics say that the enthu
siusm of the public is largely owing to !
the plcturesqueness of the subject and j
the superb mounting and execution. !
Never in Germany have such costumes ;
and such staging been seen Jn a theater, ;
for Bayreuth is entirely eclipsed. The |
orchestra, under the direction of Yon !
Schuch, has done marvels, and the cxc- j
cution has been superb, Herr Scheid
mantel especially being above all praise.
The Dresden Opera-house is hastening to
produce the four other operas which
complete Bungert's "Homeric World"
series, for the Bungert Theater at Goder
berg on the Rhine is to be completed in
1900, and then the entire cycle will be
given, in imitation of the Festspiele at
Bayreuth. After this the "Homeric i
World" will be exclusively reserved for j
the Bungert Theater, in hopes that it \
will become the resort of pilgrims of the i
Bayreuth variety. It remains to be seen !
whether international enthusiasts will
worship at the shrine of the Homer-
Bungert heroes, as they already pros
trate themselves before the gods of the
Wagner- Wotan mythology.
At San Giuseppe Jato, near Messina,
a worthy priest, named Gaetano Maris
calo, died not long ago, and left, among
other possessions, an old piano in the last
stages of dilapidation. In vain did his
heirs seek to get rid of it by offering the
damaged Instrument to all comers for the
miserable sum of 15 francs '$3). The piano
was so old and emitted such a croaking
sound that no one desired to acquire it.
At last it struck the heirs that if a few
rranca were scent on putting it in tune
an amateur might purchase and be found
willing to take it away; and the piano
was, accordingly, given into the hands of
an instrument-maker. On taking it to
pieces two rolls of paper were found be
hind the keyboard. One roll contained
the title deeds to valuable property and
the other was full of banknotes, making
a total of 108.000 francs. The heirs think
now that Father -.iariscalo's piano has a
very line tone.
The first wail of lamentation against
the Franco-Russian alliance comes from
Le Menstrel, a rrench paper devoted to
the interest of music. Speaking edi
torially, it says: The society of Russian
authors has just set a salutary example.
Several managers of provincial theaters
Imagined that they could escape the pay
ments of royalties by changing the titles
of the pieces performed. The society has
entered suit against these unscrupulous
Directors, and it is to be hoped that they
will not escape t-e punishment they de
serve. A judgment against them, how-
ever, would not help our French authors
and composers, who are outrageously
pirated in Russia, without any compensa
tion whatever. The Franco-Russian al
liance has neither profited our commerce,
our manufactures nor our compatriots
who work in the domain of art.
George Enesco. a 16-year-old composer
and violinist, is the musical sensation of
the hour in Paris. He was born in ISB2, in
a little village in Roumania, and when
almost an infant showed a remarkable
aptitude for music. In his eleventh year
he won first prizes both for violin play
ing and for harmony at the Paris Con
servatory. "He is not 12," said Masse
net, "and he orchestrates like an expe
rienced musician"; and Saint-Saens
added: "He produces music as an apple
tree produces flowers." At a recent con
cert given at the Chatelet, Paris, where
one of his compositions was played, the
whole orchestra rose to its feet at the
conclusion of the performance and gave
an ovation to the young composer. Al
though only 16, Enesco Is said to look 20.
The Italian Senate is examining the
question of whether the rights of "The
Barber of Seville" expire on the 16th inst.
or not. The decision is of vital import
ance to the Rossini Musical Lyceum at
Pesaro, which inherits the royalties of
its founder, under Rossini's will, and
which consequently has every inter
est in the rights being prolonged. Mas
cagni, director of the Rossini Lyceum,
telegraphed the other day to Verdi for
his opinion of the matter. The aged
master gave by telegram the following
answer: "In applying to me you over
fate the importance of my opinion. I do
not hesitate to declare, however, that I
sincerely hope the Senate, in its deep
wisdom, will see fit to make a decision
favorable to art and to the institu
tions that serve it."
The literary Queen of Roumania, bet
ter known under her norn de plume of
Carmen Sylva, recently attended a per
formance of "Carmen" given by the pu
pils of a school under her patronage. No
doubt it was because of the Queen's
pseudonym that Bizet's masterpiece was
selected, for the subject has nothing in
fantine about it. At the moment the
Queen entered her box the children were
preparing to sing the first chorus, but
the aspect of royalty so disconcerted
them that instead of a burst of harmony
there was a dead silence. The Queen,
rising to the occasion, bent smiling out of
her box, marking the time with her fan
as correctly as the best conductor. The
children faithfully followed Carmen Syl
va's impromptu baton and the chorus
ended amid the frantic applause of those
present.
Marie Van Zandt, the famous American
prima donna, ran a narrow risk of being
in a panic the other night. Very Boon
after the regular performance at the So
lodownikow Theater, Moscow, where she
was playing a brilliant engagement, fire
broke out in the auditorium, and in 6plte
of heroic efforts on the part of the fire de
partment that part of the opera-house
was soon reduced to ashes. The stage
was proserved by means of the iron cur
tain which was lowered in accordance
with custom when the performance ended.
Luckily all the spectators had gone home,
but two firemen were killed and eight
others gravely wounded.
While Tsaye is cavorting about Europe
and America, making fame and money by
his violin-playing, the Ysaye concerts (al
ways without Ysaye) continue to draw
big houses in Brussels. No wonder that
people flock to them, for Felix Mottl is
the conductor and Mme. Mottl charms
the public with her singing.
The announcement is made in London
that Adelina Patti has expressed her in
tention of making a grand farewell tour
of the United States, as well as of Eng
land, in which latter country' she appeared
for the first time exactly thirty-seven
years ago. The question Is whether Patti
will really retire after these touching
adieux.
La grippe is finding a number of vic
tims in Italy, as well as Jn France. At
the Fondo Theater, Naples, the other day
three prima donnas, attacked simultane
ously, were obliged to suspend their serv
ices while the conductor, Edoardo Vtt&le,
emitten in his turn, was obliged to lay
down his baton.
Emma Calve is so ill that her physician
has ordered her complete rest. She has
consequently been compelled to suspend
her brilliant series of representations of
Massenet's "Sapho" at the Opera Comique
and that house is now pfaying "Le Pre
aux Clercs" and other revivals.
Mmc Patti has ordered a commemora
tive plaque, in memory of her husband
Nicolini, to be placed in the parish church
nearest her castle of Craig-y-Nos, in
Wales. .
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS
T. Foster, U. S. N., is staying at the
Occidental.
F. G. Baker of San Jose is registered at
the California.
George H. Wigmore of Los Angeles is
at the California.
John Turner is registered at the Occi
dental from Boston.
Professor David Starr Jordan is regis
tered at the Occidental.
J. M. Moody, a prominent politician of
Truckee, is at the Lick.
Judge L. D. Chamberlain of Auburn is
at the Grand with his wife. «
Charlton H. Elrod, a racing man of
Louisville, Ky., is at the Palace.
H. F. Whitney and wife of Newcastle
are registered at the Occidental.
Sheriff S. D. Bellew of San Luis Obispo
arrived at the Grand last evening.
George A. Smith, a big orchardist of
Courtland, has taken rooms at the Grand.
W. G. Stanley, one of the leading mer
chants of Yreka, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. W. D. Rodgers, a prominent phy
sician of Watsonville, is at the Occidental.
Henry O. Parker, vice-president of the
Chicago Board of Trade, is staying at the
Palace.
0000000000
° MADE °
° EVERYTHING °
° PERFECTLY °
o SAFE. o
0000000000
There ia stay
ing at one of the
downtown hotels
a grain broker
whose wealth ia
estimated to ba
well up in tho
five If not the six
flgrure column. The other night, feeling
rather lonely over the absence of hla
better half, who is away on a visit to het
mother, he started out to see the sights,
under the guidance of a young fellow who
knows the town like a book, but who has
not a cent of his own to rattle on the lid
of a coffin. They had a beautiful time
looking at the city by gaslight until about
an hour after midnight, when the supply
of ready cash commenced to run short.
"Ned," said the wealthy one, "the ex
chequer Is running low, and we have not
even got fairly started. Don't you know
some place where they will cash one of
my checks and let us have enough to
travel on for an hour or two longer?"
"Sure, Pete," replied his young com
panion, who was beginning to feel his
oats. "Come in here, and Harry, if he is
on watch, will do the proper for us."
They accordingly went into the barroom
of the obliging Harry, where their wants
were made known, and Harry agreed to
cash the elderly one's check for a hun
dred. The check was drawn up, the
money was paid over, and Harry was
about to put the bit of paper in the Bafe
when Ned said: "Hold on a minute. You
don't know my friend, and possibly you
would want to have my Indorsement to
that piece of paper." The proprietor of
the saloon said it was a good idea, and
the indorsement was accordingly placed
thereon, much to the mortification of the
drawer of the check, who was well aware
that his young friend did not possess a
dollar in the world. When they got out
side he demanded an explanation, and ho
got it.
"it is just this way," said his impecu
nious companion; "I, having no money of
my own, have to travel on my reputation.
That barkeep knows nothing of my cir
cumstances, but he sees me traveling
with a pretty swell crowd. I know yoirr
check is perfectly good and will be paid
without question, and the opportunity to
run a little bluff and impress that gazafta
was too good to be lost, so I took advan
tage of it, and some day when I want a
round of drinks put on the slate it will
come in mighty handy."
L. M. Chambers, one of the leading at
torneys of Auburn, Is a guest at ths
Grand.
Clyde C. Dawson of Canyon City, C 010.,,
Is among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
Dr. R. W. O'Bannen, a rising young*
physician of Hollister, is a guest at the
Palace.
Mrs. Moses Hopkins has come up from
her home at San Mateo and is at tha
Palace.
H. Jerusalem, a well-known merchant
of Visalia. Is at the Grand on a business
trip to the city.
Frank L. Coombs, ex-Minister to Japan
and ex-Speaker of the Legislature, was
one of yesterday's arrivals at the Grand*
A dinner was given last evening by Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Mills at their home, 2800
Pacific avenue, in honor of Dr. and Mrs.
R. A. Rockey, who have been visiting th^
city from their home in Portland, Or.,
where the doctor is one of the most
widely recognized authorities on all scien
tific matters. The guests were mostly
scientific and medical men, as the object
of the dinner was to afford an oppor
tunity for them to meet their distin
guished colleague.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Genuine eyeglasses, specs; 15c up. 33 4th'
Rev. Herbert Marston, the new incum
bent of Belgrave Chapel, Pimlico, London,
Is totally blind, and recites the prayer
book service from memory.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Count Tolstoi, when he has a gTe.it
work In hand, writes nearly all day, and
sometimes far into the night. Even in the
summer, during the children's holidays,
he rarely will leave his desk to spend a
few moments with them; the morning
seems to be the only time which he gives
up to his family.
"Bbowx's Bronchial Troches" are unri
valled for relieving 1 Coughs, Hoarseness and all
Throat Trouble* Sold onl.v in boxes.
Dr. Sikgert's AxGos-rrnA Bitters, the world
renowned appetizer and lnvigorator, is used over
the whole civilized world. Eeware o.f imitations.
The discoverer of Mount Bischoff. tho
greatest tin mine in the world, which has
paid $7,500,000 in dividends, di«d a short
time ago practically penniless. "Philos
opher" Smith, as he was called, had a
pension of $1000 per annum from the New
South Wales Government, but it did not
enable him to make provision for his
wife. The New South Wales Parliament
was accordingly asked to continue half
the pension in her favor, which it dM l>y
a large majority.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The New York State
Chemist says
ROYAL is superi-
or to every other
baking powder.DOLE VISITED
THE FAIR
Hawaii's Chief Executive
Mingled With the
Miners.
He Was Accompanied by
Mayor Phelan and His
Private Secretary.
Special Fenturees Have Been Arranged
for the Miners' Amusement
To- Day.
President Panford B. Dole of Hawaii
end his private secretary, C. P. laukea,
•were the guests of the State Miners'
Association at the fair on yesterday
afternoon. In company with Mayor
Phelan and President Denlcke they vis
ited the Pavilion about 3 o'clock. As
they entered the band played "Hail to
the Chief." and the crowd cheered the
distinguished visitors.
After being welcomed by the fair offi- j
ciale Mayor Phelan took the President \
in tow and pointed out to him the many
things of interest. President Dole ex
amined the large granite blocks that :
were to be drilled into by the miners, j
and he also watched the contests with
much interest. He visited all of the
•exhibits and was particularly interest
ed in the North Bloomfield h> draulic
mine, the operation of which was ex- :
plained to him by President Denicke.
Professor Bartholomew's trained
horses particularly amused the Presi- ;
dent, who was astonished at the won- i
derful sagacity o£ the beautiful ani
mals.
The two-handed drilling contest be
tween four different teams was excit
ing in the extreme. The same officials
presided, and the contestants were:
John Dingle and J. W. Jafford. J. J.
Coan and T. .L. Coffey, Pat and John
Kino and Lewis Page. The terms of
the contest were for fifteen minutes' ;
drilling into solid granite. There were j
two prizes, the first $220 and the second |
$100, and in addition two gold medals
of the value of $50 were given to the
first and second teams. Owing to the
hardness of the granite and the badly
tempered steel in the drills several were
broken by each team, and this tended
to keep the records down several
inches.
The teams finished as follows: John
and Pat Feeney, 26 14-16 inches; Kitto
and Page. 26 9-16 inches; Coan and Cof
fey, 22 4-16 inches, and Dingle and Jaf
ford, 21 14-16 inches. When the an
nouncements were made by the judges
Kitto and Page challenged the Feeney
brothers to drill to-day for $1000, and
the match may probably be arranged.
The wrestling matches at night were
prefaced by an able address on "Gen
eral Mining," delivered by Judge J. M.
Fulweiler of Placer County. In the
wrestling the heavy-weights came
first. Fred Trevilcox, 215 pounds, eas
ily threw Fred Webster, 187 pounds, in
three-quarters of a minute. The light
weight contest between Charles Hos
kins, 160 pounds, and Thomas Whalen,
170 pounds, was a beautiful exhibition.
"It took fifty-five minutes to decide this
match, which was won by Whalen in
the twenty-fifth round.
To-day at the fair will be Oakland
and Alameda day. The Acme Club of
Oakland will give an athletic exhibi
tion In the evening. The Chinese will
be present in full force. Consul Yish
iyee and staff will attend, and there
will be prizes offered for the best
dressed Chinese woman, boy and girl.
The Mining Fair management hav
ing offered a splendid banner for the j
best all-round county exhibit, the '
judges awarded it to Tuolumne Coun
ty in the following report:
We find it exceedingly difficult to decide
•upon any one county as having the dis
play of greatest merit. The exhibits are
ail meritorious, considering the short time
of preparation. We recognize the Nevada
County exhibit as having the best and
most liberal display of characteristic ores
from the leading mines; Calaveras County
as having the most instructive and sys
tematic display of ores, representing the
veins of the different belts parallel to the
mother lode; Tuolumne County as exhib
iting .satisfactorily the mines of numer
ous localities showing exceptional varie
ties of ores and specimens and general
beauty.
T'nder the terms of our instructions we
make the award of first merit to Tuol-
Aimne County.
Louis Janin, James Maxwell, Moss F.
JJreene, judges.
ATTEMPT AT BLACKMAIL.
.A Coroner's Jury Witness Tries to
Extort Money From a Promi
nent Druggist.
An outrageous attempt at blackmail
came to light yesterday morning during
the inquest on the body of Theodore Scho
pard, the Angel Island soldier-musician.
Bchopard bought 50 cents' worth of cya
nide of potassium in Joy's drugstore, on
the corner of California and Kearny
streets.
H. Lazare, a druggist, told the Jury that
ho was in Joy's place when the soldier
camp in. The witness was not an employe
of Mr. Joy, but was waiting for that gen
tleman. The deceased said that he was
about to develop some plates of photo
graphs taken by order of his superior of
ficers and that he was out of cyanide of
potappium, necessary for that purpose,
and had been unable to get it because
of the fact that the wholesale drug houses
were closed on account of the day being !
"Washington's birthday. The man showed I
no signs of intoxication and Mr. Lazare i
readily believed his story and gave him a !
packet of the poison. The witness wrote
the name of the stuff on the packet and
placed a "sticker" upon it containing the
name of the store. Then he put on a
rubber stamp printing the death's head
and cross bones and the word "Poison."
Thip, the witness alleged, had been torn
off by the suicide when hp opened the
package before taking the <ieadly drug.
Druggist Joy took the stand and related I
the details of an attempt to blackmail
him. Last Tuesday evening William |
Welsh, the man who was with the suicide
When the drug was purchased, went to
the drugstore with a man wearing a
bla<S£ mustache as his most conspicuous
ornament. Welsh stayed outside and the
man informed Mr. Joy that he would be
placed in a position of some inconven
ience, expense and trouble if the fact that
he had sold the poison without the pre
scription of a physician should be certified
■ oath. Mr. Joy replied 'that if he
wanted advice he would know where to
f ;< it 'otherwise than from strangers.
The man then declared that he was a
brother-in-law of Schopard and that if
Joy would give Welsh, say $3, Welsh
would not appear to testify at the in
quest. Mr. Joy remarked that his visitor
might go to heaven or elsewhere if he
and the interview terminated.
Hearses Exempt From Tax.
The License Committee of the Board
pf Supervisors decided yesterday that
hearse* and dead wagons belonging to
firms already paying licenses as under
takers shall not be subjected to any extra
tax.
!■■■ I I
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powdee produces a soft and beautiful skin;
It combines every element of beauty and
purity.
WILL CLOSE
HIS WINDOWS
Dr. Smith Threatens to J
Erect a Fence ISO
Feet High.
i
Says Tenants of the Stewart ]
House Throw Rubbish
in His Yard.
Henry Schmitt, the Acting Landlord
or the House, Files an
Injunction.
Schmitt and Smith are "at it." This
is the most concise and at the same
! time the most true characterization
\ deduction that can possibly be made
' in summing up the grievances which
i constitute the existing feud between
Henry Schmitt, the proprietor of the
Stewart House, on Ellis street, and his
< neighbor Dr. Smith, who occupies the
j adjoining house.
Dr. Smith claims that Schmitt's ten
ants have been in the custom of throw
ing paper, rubbish and other objection
able matter out of the windows of their
; apartments into his yard, and inci
dentally all over his property. In con
sideration of this fact Smith claims the
: right to erect a fence between his
property and Schmitt's, which, when
built, will extend to the height of 150
! feet or more in the air, shutting out
! the windows, roof, and, in fact, every
; trace and vestige of even the remotest
; sight of Schmitt's objectionable hos
telry, and will as a result rob his ten
ants of sun, air, and, in fact, all the
requisites of perfect health.
Schmitt claims that Smith lies. His
accusation that his tenants were in the
habit of throwing objectionable rubbish
in Smith's back yard he claims is un
true. He admits, however, that a stray
Dr. Q. Van Hummell and His Celebrated Coursing Wonder.
sheet of paper or something of that in
nocent nature might possibly have ac
cidentally blown out of the windows,
and in Its descent singled out Smith's
yard as a desirable resting place.
The clerk of the Stewart House al
leges that when Smith saw this piece
of paper slowly and lightly making its
way from the window of the hotel, by
some magical agency it was trans
formed before his Imagination into
anything a'hd everything ranging from
the piece of paper that was down to
that of a bootjack and a folding-bed.
Such illusions had to be stopped, so
he claims, and to shut them out from
his view forever, Smith became con
vinced that only a fence of the above
described dimensions would be suf
ficient to accomplish the purpose, which
means the complete ruination of all the
rooms on the east side of the house, and
will lead to the inevitable result of
compelling the landlord to reduce the
price of rent for these rooms.
Schmitt filed an injunction in the
County Clerk's office yesterday to pre
vent Smith from carrying out his in
tentions of ruining his property by the
erection of the fence, and it is based
upon the law that no fence within the
city limits can be erected to a height
exceeding ten feet.
The Fire Marshal was asked to inter
fere in the matter, and in reply to the
request visited the premises, but passed
no opinion as to whether the barrier
should be prohibited or allowed. Chief
Lees has also been notified, and will
probably visit the scene of the battle
this afternoon.
In the meanwhile .Schmitt and Smith
will cease to love each other, and will
continue to act in direct violation of
the old commandment which insists
that they shall harbor no hatred nor
resentment in their breasts toward one
another.
LOCAL ODD FELLOWS.
Twenty Lodges to Be Represented
at a District Meeting To-
Morrow Night.
To-morrow evening there will be a dis
trict meeting of Odd Fellows of San Fran
cisco in Odd Fellows' Hall In which about
twenty of the local lodges will take part.
The meeting is «for the purpose of ex
plaining to the citizens what Odd Fel
lowship is and what it is doing.
The following programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion: Musical selec
tions; address of welcome by Grand Mas
ter Drew; selection by the Knickerbocker
I Quartette; address on "Odd Fellowship
and Its Practical Results," by Judge W.
W. Morrow. P. G. M., of the United
States Circuit Court; soprano solo, Mrs.
Alvina H. Wilson; "A Few Remarks for
Boys and Girls," by Professor Knowlton;
vocal selections by the Philomel Quar
tette; "Is Odd Fellowship a Promoter of
Civilization," an address by I. J. Tru
man, P. G. , and a bass solo by John G.
Reid.
Grand Master Drew will be the presi
dent of the evening and among many
prominent members of the order who will
occupy the platform will be Past Grand
Masters J. W. Warboys, Charles N. Fox,
R. H. Lloyd, William Henry Barnes,
Davis Louderback and J. H. Simpson.
Grand Secretary George T. Shaw, Grand
Treasurer M. Greenebaum, M. M. Estee,
past grand representative; Grand Herald
M. P. Forbes, C. W. Moulthrop, Judge J.
M. Troutt, C. A. Sumner, F. W. Van Rey
negom, George W. Lamont, George A.
Knight, Grove L. Johnson, Charles L.
Taylor, John McLaren and John D. Siebe.
The meeting will be under the auspices
of the executive committee, consisting of
Louis Kragen, George Walcom, J. J. Ap
alegate, T. R. Jarvis and H. H. Dobbin.
Champagne Imports in 1807.
Custom-house statistics show that 72,776 cases
of O. H. Mumm's Extra Dry were imported,
being 42,293 eases more than any other brand.
As now imported it la dry and remarkably line.*
THE SAX THAN CISCO CALL, THUKSBAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
RUSTY COLD NOT
IN THE MONEY
Winners of Cups and
Stakes at the Inter
state Meet.
Owners of Patria and Mialmo
Divide First and Second
Prizes.
Final* of the Sapling Stake Will
Be Run on Sunday
Next.
The big meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club was brought to a close
yesterday. It was a miserable day
from a climatic point of view, yet 2000
people went out to Ingleside and they
saw some great sport, as sport is in
terpreted by leashmen.
The saplings were the first per
formers called upon. They were run
ning for the Belle Brandon cup. The
first run was between the Merced dog,
Daisy Dean, and the local youngster,
Minerva. Daisy put it all over Mi
nerva.
Ratbone succeeded in making a "no
go" with Sunbeam, but Sunbeam re
sponded handsomely, and the favorite
went to his kennels.
Mayflower had little trouble in turn
ing down Mystic, and Sunburst did the
trick with Billy Gladstone without
turning a hair.
In the run off Sunbeam put Daisy
D to sleep and Mayflower had no trou
ble in disposing of Sunburst.
In the puppy stake Gladiator and
Log Boy turned out to be the winners.
The chief stake- of the day was be
tween the old dogs for the John Grace
challenge cup. Sixteen performers re
mained in for the second round and
they were of high-class stock through
out.
The first course was between Patria
and Rusty Gold. The Eldorado crack
was the favorite, but Patria was too
speedy for him. Rusty Gold is not a
park dog.
Old Glory had to make two essays at
it, but sent White Lily to the kennels
in the end with no doubt obtaining
from the outset.
Tod Sloan and Tessie Fair were a
close call, as sized up by the talent,
but Tessie is no match for her brother
as they ran yesterday. The dog was
speedy and clever at every point.
Susie romped away from the Eastern
candidate, Mountain Beauty, and
Swinnerton repeated the trick with the
other Eastern hound, Moore's Pre
scription. The two Dean flyers, Conne
mara and Mialmo, had not the slight
est difficulty in disposing of the East
ern dog Chit Chat and St. Lawrence in
their respective order, albeit St. Law
rence sold a favorite over Mialmo at
2 to 1.
In the next round Patria beat Old
Glory with little effort. Patria was a
bit heavy Tuesday, but her first course
ran off the extra weight. Crow Dog
then lifted a flag over Tod Sloan, but
it took a second trial for him to show
superiority. Susie also needed a second
start to beat Connemara, but she did the
work, even though Connemara sold fa
vorite at sto 2. Mialmo beat Swinner
ton as easily as a carpet may be
beaten.
In the next round Patria put out
Crow Dog in a short course. Crow Dog
was too slow for Thompson's Kansas
importation. Susie and Mialmo ran
their first trial undecided. Both were
in the pink of condition. Mialmo led
up and turned, but Susie dashed in and
killed. In their second trial Mialmo
won after a good run that had in the
lead an excellent hare.
The final runs of all three stakes
were then put over till Sunday owing
to approaching darkness.
As a whole the sport throughout the
day was good, but in not a few of the
courses the weakness of the hares
shortened the runs and possibly altered
what might otherwise have been the
results.
The running in detail was as follows:
Second round of all-aged stake: Re
sults— W. E. Thompson's Pattia beat
Simmons & Donahue's Rusty Gold, score
5—3. Deokelman & Panarlo's Old Glory
beat W. Halpin's White Lily, 4—o. R. L.
Lee's Crow Dog beat Thomas Hall's
Widow Brophy, 5—4. Lynch & Maher'a
Tod Sloan beat W. O. Elmer's Tessie Fair
8—4%. T. Butler's Susie beat Simmons &
Donahue's Mountain Beauty, 6— 4^. J.
Dean's Connemara beat Dr. Van Hum
meil's Chit Chat, 6— 2M>. J. Dean's Mialmo
beat W. O. Elmer's St. Lawrence, 7—l7 — 1
In the third round Patria beat Old
Glory, Crow Dog beat Tod Sloan, Susie
beat Connemara, Mialmo beat Swlnner
ton.
Fourth round— Patria beat Crow Dog
Mialmo beat Susie.
The finals will not be run off on Sun
day because J. Dean, the owner of Mi
almo, agreed with "W. E. Thompson,
the own«r of Patria, to divide first and
second money, and as Dean is partic
ularly anxious to run Mialmo at the
new coursing park on Saturday and
Sunday, he decided to give Thompson
the cup, which the last-named gentle
man politely accepted. The consensus
of opinion regarding Dean's action was
that such a proceeding, where an im
portant cup was at stake, was any
thing but sportsmanlike, and that Dean
had only an eye to the money that was
to be made from a sport which should
be above a monetary consideration.
In the second round of the puppy
Btake:
W. Ryan's Sprig o" the Hill beat R.
Wyman's Rush o' the Hill, 3—l. J. Dean's
Gladiator beat Henry Spring's Master
Jack, 5Mr-0- Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat
Royal Oak in a bye, 3-2.
Third round— Log Boy beat Sprig o' the
Hill and Gladiator beat Master Jack in a
bye.
Dean also being the fortunate owner
of Gladiator, divided this stake with
Connell Brothers, the owners of Log
Boy, and conceded also to him the
Belle Brandon cup. Such conduct
should not be tolerated on any respect
able coursing sward.
Dean's reasons for dividing the prizes
and ignoring, so to speak, the cups at
stake were his desire to run his dogs
at the new park. But he claimed that
his champions were not in condition to
run at Ingleside on Sunday. Still they
were, In Mr. Dean's opinion, good
enough to run at the new park on Sun
day. Doubtless he has a very poor
opinion of the dogs his charges will
meet on Saturday and Sunday.
The second round of the Sapling stake
stake resulted as follows:
Thomas Hall's Daisy Dean beat Lar
key & Rocks' Minerva, 6—o. Dillon &
Reilly's Sunbeam beat J. O'Shea's Rat
bone, 7—4. J. Egan's Mayflower beat F.
Foley's Mystic. s—o. Dillon & Reilly's
Sunburst beat J. Eagan's Billy Glad
stone, 6— 4.
Third round, saplings— Sunbeam beat
Daisy Dean, Mayflower beat Sunburst.
The finals will be run at the Ingle
side Park on Sunday.
HELD FOR MURDER.
Charles E. Weathers, for Killing
Bartender Phillips, Sent Up
for Trial.
The preliminary examination of Charles
E. Weathers, charged with the murder
of Nathan Phillips, a bartender in the
Empire Theater, 21 Ellis street, on Janu
ary 27, was concluded before Judge
Campbell yesterday afternoon and he was
held to answer before the Superior Court
without bail. The defendant did not put
in any defense.
A number of witnesses testified for the
prosecution. Pete Hall's evidence was to
the effect that Weathers fired a shot at
him from the sidewalk and he dodged
the bullet by getting close to the wall.
Just as he was firing the second shot at
him Phillips came out of the theater and
received the bullet in his brain. One of
the witnesses testified that "Weathers
complained of being struck by somebody
in the theater and offered him $10 to tell
him who the person was.
Weathers is a bartender and came from
Visalia in search of a Job. At the time of
his arrest he claimed that he had been
robbed in the place and thrown out. It
is said that this is not the first shooting
affray in which he has cut the principal
figure.
SUICIDE IS
THE DEFENSE
The Plans in the Figel Case
Are Now Plainly
Outlined.
Owing to the Sudden Illness of Judge
Cook the Case Was Early-
Adjourned.
The Figel case reopened yesterday
morning before Judge Cook and jury- The
defense j S still putting in its case. Dur
ing the afternoon session Judge Cook was
taken suddenly ill and the case was early
put over until to-day at 10 o'clock. Carel
Johnson, ticket agent of the Tiburon Fer
ry Company, was first called and stated
that on the night of June 1 Theodore Fi
gel had purchased a monthly commuta
tion ticket for San Rafael at about 6:30
o'clock and that only two tickets were
sold after Figel had received; his. Stew
ard Mogan of the Receiving Hospital was
asked if he could identify the papers he
took from the body of Isaac Hoffman and
subsequently delivered to Detective
Crockett, but he stated that he could
not.
Dete-ctive Crockett was also unable to
identify any of the papers, and Chief Lees
was called. He identified the documents
as those given to him by Detective Crock
ett. The letters in question proved to be
those written by Mrs. Hoffman to her
uncle, scoring her husband on account of
the settlement he had made with her
mother, Mrs. Alexander.
The letters were then offered in evi
dence by the defense, but a strenuous ob
jection was made by the prosecution. Gen
eral Barnes gave a history of the corre
spondence and sought to show the court
that the matter should go to the jury.
Judge Murphy contended that as the let
ters had not been written by the deceased
they should not be admitted as evidence.
The matter was taken under advisement
by the court and the letters marked for
identification. .. _
At the opening of the afternoon session
Sol Lewek of Marysville was called. His
testimony was concerning the alleged
trouble existing between Isaac Hoffman
and his wilfe for a considerable period
£rior to the death of the merchant,
ewek stated that he had overheard a
conversation in which Isaac Hoffman had
said that his wife must either leave her
mother or himself, as it was impossible
for him to live in peace with his mother
in-law in the house.
There was a short argument concerning
the admission of the letters which had
been taken from the body of Isaac Hoff
man on the evening of June 1. They were
the letters which had been intercepted by
Hoffman and were brought forth to show
that the effect upon Hoffman's mind in
duced him to commit suicide. The letters
were admitted in evidence and read to the
jury by General Barnes for the defense.
Charles Hoffman was then called to the
stand but on account of the sickness of
Judge Cook he was excused until this
morning at 10 o'clock, when he will be re
called by the defense.
Judge Dunne was called for the our
pose of admonishing the jury, and the
case went over until to-day.
RAILROAD COMPANY LOSES.
The Value of Consigned Goods Should
Be Appraised at the Place
of Destination.
The Supreme Court in bane affirmed the
judgment of Department No. 1 as ren
dered In February, 1597; in the case of
Gulick Brothers of Riverside agali.st the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company for
the loss of a shipment of orange trees
consigned to them' from Florida in 1891.
At that time the southern road was
blocked by a snow storm which neces
sitated the forwarding of the trees over
the northern road. En route over this
road they were damaged and Gulick
Brothers brought action against the com
pany for their loss. On the trial before
Judge Campbell the railroad sought to in
troduce proof of the value of the trees in
Riverside Instead of at the place of ship
ment, Florida. This the court refused and
a judgment was rendered against the
company for $8963, the value of the con
signment.
From this the company appealed and
the court (Department No. 1) sustained
l.ts view. A rehearing was granted with
the result that the court in bane yester
day sustained the former decision without
a dissenting opinion.
A Laborer Killed.
William Collison, a workman In the
Risdon Iron Works, was instantly killed
yesterday morningr by being caught In a
belt of the machinery. His skull was
crushed and his neck broken. An inqueßt
will be held.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mm Reductions In every line; the tB
M. biggest cuts are in the higher '91
« price goods, bringing them low- KB
BE er than the ' ordinary cheap S8 :
HI goods offered by others. . JWB
I CHAMBER SUITS. |
S 3-plece Hardwood $13.75 El
» Quarter Oak and Mahogany, So
M former price $60, • now $35; BB
S . Bird's-eye Maple, . former 'H
DL price $60. now $02. JBj
iHJj Fancy ones in beautiful and Kg
■B odd shapes, now $1 75 SS
33 The $5, $6, $8 ones cut to $3, M
H\ $4. $5. JB
M T-arge Cobbler 5eat....... $175 k|
tfi The and $8 ones cut to $3 50 B
Bi and $4 75. Jg^
m 800 Wilton, Axminster, Body n
B] Brussels, complete with B
M fringe ... ..65C H
; M 75 Karadi Bath Rugs, 30x54, Kg
ML just to close them out 70c JuE
■^benuThTclearahce sale.^l
Jh ■ A genuine clearance sale to H
'EH '■?- move goods quickly during a K.
SBk. slow season. . J&m
No deception practiced.
No $ 100 Reward. . ;
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
. for a generous
10 CENT TRIAL Bize.
la*** e§?'!»V
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor. any other m-
Jnriouß ('jug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays Pain and Inflammation. 'Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Senses
of Taste aud Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
Relief at once. 60 cts. at Druggists or by mail,
Trial ' Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 58 Warren Street. New York
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
I ' OFFICE.
_^ 1004 Market St.,
} Sear Powell. ,
Telephone, South 4 SO.
\S^££&S PI T Z Y.H.P.
■• ■ ■ •■ - ■ ■ ■ .■■'-.■■■■--,■ ■ >■
We will Bend jon * fire (5) day trial
W iJCMtI treatment of the FroncU Remedy
■ WtWH CALTHOS free, (•■• C. O. I* 1 ., and
I■ ■ ' RF"£7fl ' • legal guarantee that CALTHOB will
mF I? 1 ■ STOP DUehartes and K.ml«i«n»,
Bal'ni. 'vl > CURE Vorlcoceie,
BH "i{lMl . • n<l KKBTOBE Lost Tlcor. *~*
■p^aJgJß It costa you nothing to try It.
[vonMOhlCO. 440BBcl«i»CTl«a»ABt».«»rfMaU,a
~\ wr% A \f or FADED HATJt STORED to
■ :1^ M\ if youthful color and bcautvby DR.
•>* ■» ; ■ HAYs' HAIR HEALTH. -4 Re-
moves dHndrnft aivl scalp disease. ■ Don't •;: stain '
•kin. - Covers ■ BALD i spits. Absolutely i harmless.
Large bottles 50 cents, at drnsgists. ■ K«till agent*.
.Wholesals-MACK * - CO. J-. WNGI.OT , * . JilCtt
i ASLSs COPi'I X. BSOQiQrSSaJk CO — .
ADVERTISEMENTS. * v ( . /
3000000000000000CX500000 0000 oooooodoexx>ooGodoo66o6c
ANOTHER
BIG LOT OF BARGAINS
TO-DAY
.A.T OTJIR.
GREAT REDUCTION SALE !
To give an idea of the EXTRAORDINARY
BARGAINS OFFERED TO-DAY at our great
Reduction Sale we present samples of the ■
SPECIALLY HEAVY CUTS IN PRICES MADE!
HOUSE-FURNISHINGS, Etc.!
£*(* ' 4 cases celebrated LONSDALE MUSLIN, yard wide; usual price
OV 8 l-3c, at ..../ ...6c
iff r 2 cases HEAVY SHEETING, 81 inches wide, bleached and un-
it* bleached; usual price 18c, at .....15c
OS/- . 6 bales HEAVY COMFORTERS, white cotton filling; usual price
QOC $1 25, at ....:. ...85c
Cl £*p- 50 pairs HEAVY 10-4 WHITE BLANKETS; - usual price $2 50,
tPI»OO at ........ 1165
'7ST f » ' 1 case LARGE SIZE WHITE CROCHET SPREADS, ready
• Uv hemmed; usual price $1 00, at 75c
he 2 bales HEAVY UNBLEACHED MUSLIN, yard wide; usual
.^** price 6^4,c, at .......4c
COLORED DRESS GOODS I
]A 100 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD FANCY PLAIDS, worth 20c a yard;
IVfV will be offered at ..10c a yard
OK/- 75 pieces <30-INCH WOOL' DRESS GOODS, extra value for 50c
a yard; will be offered at .25c a yard
Qfit/- 69 pieces 16-INCH FANCY. DRESS GOODS, curl effects, former
OO price 50c li yard; will be offered at 35c a yard
Kflr 1 55 Pieces 42-INCH NOVELTY FRENCH DRESS GOODS, former
W"v price 75c a yard; will be offered at 50c a yard
EMBROIDERIES !
jQl r 6000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, assorted patterns, choice
I^2V> new goods, worth 25c; on special sale at ............ ...12^c a yard
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR !
OS 150 dozen? CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK IMPORTED FRENCH
ZOt COTTON? HOSE, extra heavy, plain black and black with
white feet, former prices 45c to 75c each, according to size; will "
be cleared at 25c the pair
QRp 75 dozen -CHILDREN'S WHITE MERINO VESTS, extra heavy,
-^Ow worth $4 iiO per dozen; will be on sale at 25c each
OK r 50 dozen \ CHILDREN'S EXTRA • HEAVY FLEECED-LINED
Zov VESTS, ecru in all sizes, worth $4 00 per dozen; will be on
sale at .............. ..^........ ......25c each
If If Murphy Bulldlnar, if If Murphy Building-, -m.v
Market and Jones Streets. Market mi Job Streets.-
AMUSEMENTS.
— - ~ __L . I * ■■. ■_"' "
i ElfOlAflDLfi fiOITLOB &C? >.19SM» a*M<uw«
LAST 3 NIGHTS!. MATINEE SATURDAY!
THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTONIANS.
Presenting the Operat'c Success,
«<^"THE SERENADE."^**?-*
! Sunday LIEUTKNANT R. E.
PEARY In a final lecture.- v
NEXT MONDAY— ROBIN HOOD.
Seats Now, Ready. :
' IRIEOIANDER ODTllOß&Cuautmnutum
Third and Last Week, the Immense Success,
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
Coon Songs,! Coon Comedy, Jubilee Shouts.
To-night, Fri.and Sat. Evgs.— CAKE WALK
contest for 'gold medal and championship of
. the world — open to all comers. |_
cft&alrc
VTRIEOIANOLR 60TT10B &C* it Mil ■
—A DRAMATIC TREAT!
The Accomplished Actress :
■'; -MARIE WAIN WRIGHT—
In Jacob Litt's Production of the New, Drama
; "SHALL WE FORGIVE HER."
' A stirring play of human interest adequately
staged and acted. ' ■ - - '-','<■
March 7— Primrose & West's Minstrels.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ebnkstijn'e Kreling. Proprietor & Manager
TO-NIGHT.
A MUSICAL TRIUMPH.
The Vice=Admiral!
Splendid Cast! Superb Costumes! Beautiful
 Scenery 1 Enlarged -' Chorus! • ) f, >
NEXT WEEK— Requested revival of
"THE GEISHA!"
. ' The brilliant Japanese musical comedy.
Popular prices ..........: ....25 and 50c
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY. SOCIETY.
FRITZ , SCHEEL, Musical Director.
• " ' —SEVENTH CONCERT— '
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE. THIS ■ AFTER-
NOON. FEB. 24, AT 3:15 O'CLOCK.
• Programme — Overture, - "Corlolanus." Bee-
thoven; symphonic poem,"Joan of Arc," Mosz-
kowsky; ' "Rouet d'Omphale," - Saint -Saens;
Wotan's Farewell and , Magic Fire, from ' the
"Walkure," : Wagner. • Prices, including re-
served seats. $1 50, vsl and 75c. : Seats on sale
at the Tivoll Opera-house. ■■ : .
MOROSCO'B GRAND ■ OPERA-HOUSE,
Walter M0r05c0........801e Lessee and Manager
Third Week of the Popular Actor,
. HARRY MAINHALL,
:In the Great Cuban ■ War . Drama
"THE ] LAST STROKE. 1 ';
Grand Tableaux, THE SINKING OF THE
MAINE. Great Battle Scene! Exciting Fire
Sc*Xl6* '""-'■ ' . ■'"' -- ' *"■ * -•■-'. •■■--«» : '.' -■ ".
•■>■ Evening ; prices, . 10c, 25c and 50c. Matinees
Saturday and Sunday. .- * - . -';■■■■ ' •' ■ ■
CHIQUITA ; >
The "Condensed Cuban Patriot 
WILL RECEIVE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
r EVENING THIS WEEK costumed IN : .--,
THE NATIONAL COLORS I
-THE CHUTES —
'• 100 to all, including Vaudeville; children, sc. .
'(. - Hl ' V M PT A'-i— ■ Corner of Mtton and
„_ _- _ Eddy Street,.
-'-' America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
.-■ Great new ; bill of ; artists— MARION,
SENORITA INEZ. : MLLE. ANTONETTE,
FRED f BROWN, COUCH, -j MILLER; : PUNTA
and others. '^^fef W*C?^wgsat^ja^ggjMWßH .. -
; House heated. Admission free.
AMUSEMENTS.
-9-NEW ARTISTS. ALL CARDS-9—
LINA PAXTZER, danseuse Fille de p. r .
DAMMAN TROUPE. Europe's marvels- MAT*
THEWS & HARRIS, the laughmakers'; GEO
»V. DAY, monologue comedian- MCI aw"
RENCE, trick bicyclist; FILSON & ERROL
a laughing hit; ADELMAN & LOWE xvlol
phone artists; MAUD BEAL PRICE 'vocal-
ist and mimic; THE BIOGRAPH, last week-
all new scenes. '
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chaira
and box seats, 60c.
ALCAZAR.^^
AUNTIE LEAVES YOU THIS WEEK.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Then Good-by to
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
THE BEST THING IN TOWN.
Pr'ces 16c. 25c, 3Sc, 500
THIRD AND LAST MINERS' DAY.
Mining Fair
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Wrestling— Rook-Drilling— Music and Fun.
Souvenir Fair Spoons Free to Ladies To-day.
See the beautiful exhibit of Thoroughbred
Prize Canaries— 9o Birds.
TO-MORROW— Oakland and Alameda day.
Special entertainment by famous Acme Ath-
letic Club. Chinese celebration and display.
Prizes to handsomest dressed Chinese ladles,
children and babies.
Don't miss the hot lively boxing contest by
Acme sparrers to-night.
FRIDAY NIGHT — Battle of Winchester.
Sheridan's Ride. "Tenting on the Old Camp
Ground." Orand musical spectacle.
SATURDAY— PchooI Children's day; Teach-
ers' day; Stanford day; San Jose day.
SUNDAY— German Society day.
—SPECIAL— I
MAINE BENEFIT DAY NEXT MONDAY.
Admission, 25 cents. Children, 15 cents.
1 """
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
SUNDAY EVENING. FEBRU\RY 27,
Second Week of the Great Success,
"THE JEWISH PRIEST."
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING Jnom MONDAY, Feb. 21, to
SATU RDAY, March 5, inclusive.
fiye or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and 1:15 P.M. Daily.
Leave Third street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after
the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful : rhrodislau and specific tonto
for the sexual and urinary organs of botb
■exes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
' SM Market Street, 8. F.— (.Send for Circular.* -
78
HAS CHOSEN
HONEST MEN
FOR OFFICE
Ticket Submitted to
San Jose's New
Charter Club.
«
The Nominating Commit
tee Completes Its
Deliberations.
S. E. Smith Selected to Make
the Race for the Mayor
alty Chair.
NOLTING IN HOT WATER.
Statements of Two Men Brand the
Vituperative Councilman a
Stranger to Truth.
Special Dispatch »- The Call.
THE CITY TICKET.
Mayor— S. E. Smith.
City Clerk— Guy W. Campbell.
City Treasurer — J. F. Colombet.
Councilman at large —J. P.
Jarman.
Councilman. First Ward — W.
E. Crossman.
Councilman, Second Ward —
Adam Riehl.
Councilman. Third Ward—
Maurice O'Brien.
Councilman, Fourth Ward —
Edmund Coopers.
Appointing Board— W. G. Al
exander, C. H. Allen, J. E. Auze
rais. D. C. Vestal, C. P. Bailey,
A. B. Hunter. M. Kenny, J. R.
Lewis, L. Archer Sr., T. J. Riley,
Louis Argues, J. J. Southeimer,
J. H. Campbell, T. Ellard Beans.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— After a session
lasting more than two hours the nom
inating committee of the New Charter
Club to-night selected a full ticket for
city officers. This list will be submit
ted to-morrow night to the body of the
club for its final action. Notices have
already been sent out to all the mem
bers urging them to be on hand "for
the purpose of receiving and acting
upon the report of the nominating com
mittee of the club."
While there was full and free discus
sion on the candidates for every office,
harmony prevailed throughout the
meeting. There were numerous candi
dates for every office to be filled.
J. R. Lewis, chairman of the nomin
ating committee of the New Charter
Club, speaking of the list of names se
lected to-night for submission to the
body of the club, said:
"The names determined upon to
night were chosen by a majority of the
members of the nominating committee,
comprising twenty-seven members. The
voting was by secret ballot. The names
submitted came from all sources. No
one who had a candidate for any office
was refused a hearing, whether he was
a member of the club or not. The mem
bers were not even confined to voting
for the persons formally placed before
them as candidates.
"The result of our deliberations to
night will be reported to the Charter
Club to-morrow night. We considered
fitness only, regardless of politics or
anything else. Our desire is to get first
class men for every office. Our purpose
1b not to attack any particular man or
body of men or any political party, but
to attack generally all misgovernment
and those responsible for it; to reduce
the expenses of our city government,
and, if the good of the city will permit,
to cut down the number of offices. Our
object is to place the city government
on the basis of a business corporation,
and not on the basis of a political
machine. We have tried to select men
who will give us good and economical
government — whose regime will give
Pan Jose an enviable record throughout
the land and will mark the era of a new
prosperity for the city."
Reports are afloat that there will be
a number of independent candidates in
the field. Some of those mentioned are
Charles J. Martin and B. D. Murphy
for Mayor, F. A. Curtis for Councilman
from the Second Ward and A. B. Mc-
Neil, Councilman from the Third
Ward. Every " vote cast for any of
these men will mean a vote toward the
success of the gang ticket.
John H. Scully, the police officer who
resigned pending an investigation of
the charge that he purchased his posi
tion, has gone to San Francisco. He
announced his intention before leaving
here of going to the Klondike. The
Grand Jury held a morning session in
connection with the Scully-Krleg
bribery charges, but came to no deter
mination.
Councilman Nolting struck a hornet's
nest when he ran amuck in the Council
chamber on Monday night. Ex-City
Clerk Thomas Bodley and ex-Council
man Reuben Burdett submit state
ments to-day in which they show how
Nolting made deliberate false state
ments. Mr. Bodley's statement fol
lows:
In regard to the charge made by Coun
cilman Xoltirsg- that I was interested in a
contract for sweeping the streets of the
city of San Jose while I was City Clerk
and obtained the same during the admin
istration of ex-Mayor Srhilllng and that
I received over $900 per month for a term
of three years for performing the work,
I will say:
First— The public records of the city of
San Jose show that I retired from the
City Clerkship April 20, 1891.
Second— That no contract for street
sweeping was awarded during my term of
office.
Third— That a contract for sweeping and
sprinkling the streets was entered into
May 2, 1891, by and between H. C. Maguire
and the city of San Jose over one and
one-half months after I became a private
citizen.
Fourth— That H. E. Schilling was not
Mayor at that time although he was a
member of the Council. The record shows
the contract was signed by ex-Mayor S.
X. Packer, whose administration, by the
way, for progressivenesa and economy
ranks as high as, if not higher, than that
of any Mayor San Jose has had.
Fifth— That the bid of H. C. Maguire
at the time the contract was awarded
wss $1564 36 per annum lower than the
next lowest bid, there being five bidders.
Sixth— That I subsequently acquired the
interest of Maguire as I had the perfect
right either morally or legally to do, being
a private citizen.
Seventh— That the average amount I
received for street .sweeping and sprink
ling, as shown by the clerk's register of
warrants were as followa:
1891— 5585 35 per month.
1892— 5646 50 per month.
«S3-^BB2 21 per month.
PROBABLE NOMINEES OF SAN JOSE'S NEW CHARTER CLUB.
The contract requires that all streets
be swept and sprinkled every night in-
Btead of six times and three times per
week, as is now done.
It might not be amiss to state for the
benefit of the puMic that Councilman
Kolting, together with the other three
members of the Council, voted to award
a contract for sweeping the streets to
Nash & Mcßeynolds. the highest bidders,
for the sum of $195 per month over and
above the lowest bid, and that four bids
were over $100 per month lower than the
bid of Nash & Mcßeynolds.
"Consistency, thou art a jewel."
THOMAS BODLEY.
Reuben Burdett submitted the fol
lowing:
I beg leave to submit the following an
swer to Nolting's prattling: The distin
guished gentleman says that he has been
unjustly assailed by the basest element
of our city. Now. who are those very
wicked individuals? Can it be possible
that his own old political safeguards, who
have long used him as a tool, have ex
hausted his merit and discarded him as
a good mechanic would a useless auger?
They must be the ones poor Nolting re
fers to. Who else could be so ungrateful
of his faithful, honest and dilligent serv
ices as a city father? Could it be Rea,
McKenzie or Charlie Knapp?
Mr. Nolting tells us his mother believes
him to be an honest man. Now, if a man's
mother cannot say that she knows her
son to be honest, who can?
Then he tells us that the office of Coun
cilman and other offices are more remu
nerative under the new than they were
under the old charter. Does he mean to
tell us that the office of Councilman un
der the old charter was not in fact simply
an office of sacred honor? It would im
ply, from his statement "more remuner
ative under the new than under the old
charter," that the gentleman has received
just a little compensation for his services
of sacred honor.
Perhaps his cunning for silence and se
crecy failed him when he stated that, or
did he mean to tell the truth and say that,
he does receive just a little indirect pay
from the office he holds, in the way of ex
changing cocktails and groceries at hand
some prices with the poor helpless office
holders of the city for good coin. Charles
Riddell, the man who keeps the dogs in
their places, as a city officer, says: "1 am
afraid I will have to give up my office for
Nolting's groceries come higher than his
vote. What do you think of one sack of
potatoes costing $1 SO in the summer time,
when the regular price is about half that
amount?"
Did Mr. Nolting, the unduly censured
gentleman, consult his mother before let
ting the contract for the main outlet
sewer to Charles Wehner, in which he al
lowed Mr. Wehner extra compensation
for doing extra work, for which under the
charter he was not entitled to a cent?
The amount allowed Mr. Wehner was $650.
After you, Mr. Nolting, had found that
by the charter you could not legally pay
that $650 at one time, did you not divide
said sum up into seven bills and pass each
bill through the Council separately at one
meeting, so as to keep within the limits
of the charter, and yet defeat the objects
of it? I submit the above to the intelli
gence of the taxpayers for their consider
ation as to its honesty.
The gentleman refers to the fire engine
property on Third street that was pur
chased during Schilling's administration,
and says that the costs of repairing the
old house on the property was far in ex
cess of what under proper management
the costs of a new engine house would
have been. Answering that I will ask
the learned gentleman if he is aware that
there was a motion made and carried by
the Council at that time, and that James
Stewart was then appointed to do all
work needed thereon under the super
vision of the fire and water committee'
I myself, having been chairman of that
committee, aver and stand now ready to
prove that every cent that was expended
on that building was judiciously and eco
nomically spent.
In reference to the gentleman's asser
tion that the Charter Club is formed for
the purpose of promoting the interests
of the San Jose Water Company and
maintain the high rates of water I ask
the gentleman if he has not been a mem
ber of the City Council as a representa
tive of the people for four long years
and if he has ever espoused the cause of
the people by even trying to have the
rates of water reduced?
I submit this statement simply to vindi
cate my action while in the <"ouncil and
to defend the integrity of the Charter
Club, of which I am a member and be
cause I know that that club is composed
of the honor and intelligence of the city
RET 'HEN BURDETT
ATTACK THE INJUNCTION.
Councilmen Insist on Consummat-
ing an Alleged Job.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— Councilmen
William T. Nolting, J. P. Fay, George
B. Dittus and Julius Krieg to-day filed
their objections to the temporary re
straining order recently obtained by
Sanford E. Smith, stopping them from
awarding to A. J. Coffee a contract
for a new fire-alarm system for $3900.
It is asked that the order be dissolved,
as it does not state sufficient facts or
matters entitling plaintiff to the relief
demanded and because it was im
providently made; that the pretended
acts of defendants terminated before
the commencement of Smith's suit,
and that the resolution awarding the
contract was vetoed by Mayor Koch;
that the defendants have not since
January 31 offered or attempted to
avoid said contract. ..
The Councilmen then deny that the
Gamewell Company's bid was the low
est and best, and assert that A. J. Cof
fee was the lowest and best bidder,
his being cheaper and better both
as to rental and upset price. They
claim that the GameweH's bid was for
I an entirely different system than the
I one contracted for.
It is further averred that the re
straining order Issued is in excess of
the Jurisdiction of the court and is an
unauthorized attempt to control and
direct the actions of a deliberate legis
lative body and to coerce the members
thereof in their acts, and that the
plaintiff has divers speedy remedies at
law for the relief prayed for without
the granting of an injunction.
Similar objections were filed by A. J.
Coffee. The hearing will come up be
fore Judge Kittredge on Friday.
Serious Runaway at Sacramento.
SAORAMKNTO, Feb. 23.— Mrs. George
Davidson and his sister, Mrs. Keminster,
were thrown from a buggy at Tenth and
C streets this afternoon in a runaway ac
cident. Mrs. Kemlnster struck on her
head and ia suffering concussion of the
brain. Her condition is critical. Mrs. Da
vidson suffered painful but not «»rious
bruises.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
DAWSON CITY
COME TO STAY
Mining Syndicate Organ
ized "With Unlimited
Capital.
Machinery on a Gigantic Scale
. Will Soon Be Placed in
Operation.
Water Works, Telephone and Tele
graph Wires and Even Street
cars Are Talked Of.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 23.— Among the
prominent of the most recent arrivals
from Dawson City is James E. Scoville.
He left the Klondike country the fore
part of January and reached Seattle
from Victoria to-day. Mr. Scoville
brings further details of the organiza
tion of the mining trust by the big
claim owners on El Dorado and Bo
nanza creeks. The entrance of the
trust idea into Dawson is one of the
newest things in the camp. The pro
moters of the scheme make no secret of
the fact that they aim to operate the
mines in the camp on the most econom
ical basis possible. The company is
called the Bonanza-El Dorado Com
pany, and is capitalized at $200,000,000.
Competent engineers have been em
ployed by the syndicate for the pur
pose of ascertaining the feasibility of
bringing water into the camp from In
dian River, and reports have been made
strongly commendatory of the scheme.
It is proposed to dig a canal from the
upper reaches of Indian River through
a pass in the divide to the headwaters
of El Dorado. From this point the
waters will be distributed throughout
the camp. The moss formation will be
blasted away with dynamite and the
gravel beds will be exposed to the sun,
which will thaw the ground to a depth
of several feet. After two or three
weeks of hot weather the water will be
turned on the claims through the giant
machines and the gravel sluiced out.
"There seems to be no doubt what
ever as to the practicability of the
scheme," said Mr. Scoville. "The aim
and purpose of the company, of course,
is to find some way to work the mines
on a big scale and at a lower cost than
is now possible. Science and engineer
ing equipment should most certainly
bring about a solution of the problem.
The proposition is backed by the heav
iest mine owners in the camp, among
them Alexander McDonald and the
Healy Company, which is now the
largest claim owner in the camp, bar
ring McDonald. The latter has secured
altogether twenty-seven claims on Do
minion Creek, seventeen of which are
in one group. He is conducting his
mining ventures on a very large scale
and is thoroughly interested in the
venture of which I have spoken."
According to Mr. Scoville, the camp
of Dawson is assuming metropolitan
airs, and will soon have various im
provements. Mr. Scoville, who is in
terested in a new telephone company,
said to The Call correspondent to
night: "I have already filed an order
for three tons of wire. I don't antici
pate any difficulty whatever in ar
ranging for a lease of the requisite
number of telephone instruments. No
other company is in the field, and we
are well equipped financially to carry
to a successful issue any project on
which we may enter.
"The mine owners In the Klondike
are determined to equip the camp with
every improvement known to civiliza
tion. We are to have electric lights
and telephones, and some day street
railways. Any man who believes that
Dawson is a temporary camp is mis
taken. The development work that has
been done in the mines this season has
proven beyond the peradventure of a
doubt that the camp is one of the rich
est on the globe. At Dawson will be lo
cated a thriving city, and the people of
the place are able and willing to pay
for improvements and conveniences
such as characterize life In the outside
world.
"The company was organized largely
through the efforts of Alexander Mc-
Donald and E. Leroy Pelletier. It is
capitalized at $130,000, and is called the
Yukon Telephone and Telegraph Syn
dicate. I am one of the members of the
company, and it is our intention to
build telephone lines in the district
wherever they are required. After
building the exchange in Dawson, it
will be our purpose to connect the
mines with wires, so that communica
tion can be had with Dawson. There is
no doubt whatever that the mainten
ance of a system of telephones is per
fectly practicable in Dawson, and you
can depend upon one thing, and that is
that every one in the camp will pat
ronize it. The claim-owners and busi
ness men in the Klondike are able to
pay for the best that is to be had. and
they want nothing else. The officers
of the company are: P. .1. B. Le Blanc,
president; E. Leroy Pelletier, secretary
and treasurer, and Alexander McDon
ald, general manager."
MORE TROUBLE
AT SAUSALITO
Town Marshal Creed Has
Been Requested to
Resign.
Charged With Illegally Keeping
Money Belonging to the
Town.
The Officer Makes an Explanation,
but Declines to Step Down
and Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, Feb. 23.— Another scan
dal has developed in the town govern
ment of Sausalito, and President John
H. Dickinson of the Board of Town
Trustees has demanded the immediate
resignation of Town Marshal John E.
Creed. Unless Creed files his resigna
tion Dickinson says that he will be
criminally prosecuted fur holding back
public money belonging to the town of
Sausalito.
Yesterday Marshal Creed received a
note from President Dhkinson asking
him to call at his office on urgent busi
ness. Creed compli'-'l with the request
to-day, and the president of the Board
of Trustees informed him that he had
discovered where he had over a year
ago raised a lic-nse from $3 to $12 and
had only tunr 1 $3 into the town treas
ury, pocketing the other $9. The Trus
tees had resolved to either prosecute
Creed or allow the matter to drop if
he would resign from the Marshalship.
Creed has refused to resign, and so
informed the president of the board to
day. When seen by The Call corre
spondent this afternoon Marshal Creed
admitted that he had been requested to
resign, but said he had no intention of
doing so.
"It is all a very simple matter," said
he, "and at the next meeting of the
Board of Town Trustees I will pay into
the treasury the amount the warrant
was raised. Oh, yes, I admit that I
marked out the three dollars and in
serted twelve, but under the circum
stances what else could I do? You see,
it was this way: I had the license in
my pocket made out for $3. It was
numbered 44, and I had to collect a
license from the expressman who came
over from the city. He was going
away, and I wanted to collect the
money from him, sq^ I scratched out the
$3 and made it $12* Then I forgot all
about the thing. The receipt on the
Town Clerk's stub book showed $3, and
I paid that sum in. I admit there is a
difference of $9, but 1 don't want to
steal that from the town. When I
steal something it will be worth steal
ing.
"It's all a dirty business, anyhow.
These people have known all about this
for over three months. Why didn't
they say something before now? Why
didn't they come to me and show me
my mistake, and I would have paid the
money? No, th<-y had to wait until
now, a couple of months before election
and spring this. I tell you the town
government here is rotten. I could tell
a few things if I would, and I may
sometime. No, sir; you can say that I
don't intend to resign now or any time.
I have done nothing wrong, and the
withholding of the money is simply a
mistake on. my part."
Joseph IT, Pryor, Town Clerk of Sau
salito, was seen this afternoon. He
said that Creed's accounts, so far as
he was concerned, were all right, and
all the moneys appearing on his ac
counts against the Marshal were paid
in and accounted for. Creed has con
sulted attorneys, and on their advice
he intends to pay the $9 to the board
and await the threatened prosecution.
The affair only leaked out to-day, and
among those who know of it there is a
profound sensation.
WELL-DIGGERS COME
ACROSS HUMAN BONES.
Strike on the Mesa East of Albu
querque That Will Interest
Scientists.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.. Feb. 23.-
Whlle sinking a well on the high mesa
east of Albuquerque, and not far from
the foothills of the Sandia Mountains, the
workmen came upon a lot of bones at a
depth of 140 feet. Upon examination the
bones proved to be those of a human be
ing. The mesa at the point referred to
has been formed by the wash from the
mountains, and the ground is almost as
hard and solid as the granite rock from
which it has been made. It is impossi
ble to dig to any considerable depth with
out strong machinery, and the bones in
question must have been deposited there
before the mesa was much higher than
th.c level at which they were found. At
the rate at which it is now forming It
would take 70,000 years to raise the sur
face 140 feet. The original owner of the
bones must have been quite an old set
tler.
Stranded Steamer Floated.
VANCOUVER, B. C Feb. 23.-The
steamer Pakshan, which ran on a rock
near Nanalmo this morning when return
ing from Alaska, was floated at high tide
to-day. It is thought that she received no
serious Injury.
WILL FIGHT
THE CITY AT
EVERY TURN
Opening of the Great
Water Case at Los
Angeles.
Brilliant JLegal Talent Is
Engaged on Both
Sides.
Attorneys for the Municipality
Confident That Right Will
Prevail.
LOCAL PRESS TRICKERY.
Giving the Most Cordial Support to
the Corporation in the Im
portant Contest.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 23.— The trial
of a case was commenced to-day in
the Superior Court of this county
Which means a great deal to the city
of Los Angeles and to the question as
to whether or not municipal ownership
and operation of a water plant is go
ing to be obtained within the present
century. The title of the case is the
City of Los Angeles vs. the Crystal
Springs Land and Water Company.
The defendants are really the Los
Angeles W.ater Company. They claim
that their alleged springs are in no
way a part of the water of the Los
Angeles River, while the contention of
the city is that the water of the mis
named Crystal Springs comes direct
from the river and is a part of its di
verted flowing water taken from under
the bed of the river.
The water company places a valua
tion of $1,000,000 on its water rights in
cluded in the Crystal Springs. City-
Attorney Dunn and five expert engi
neers contend that the water of Crys
tal Springs has no other source than
the Los Angeles River.
Attorney Dunn says he will stake
his entire future upon the result of
this case and he is confident that it
will be won by the city. Assisting
him are Messrs. Lee and Scott, as spe
cial counsel.
The water company has the best law
yers obtainable for its side of the case.
Senator Stephen M. White has come
all the way from Washington to try
the case. John S. Chapman Is asso
ciated with him.
The trial commenced to-day, but was
continued until Monday on account of
the illness of Judge Chapman.
To any one who has given the water
problem in this city any study it is ap
parent that the corporation is going to
fight the city at every turn, and In
preparing the ground for the contest
it is receiving most cordial co-opera
tion end assistance from the Times
and Express, and more particularly
from the Herald. But the people are
aroused and they are watching the
trial of the Crystal Springs case in the
lower court closely. At the first signs
of betrayal or mistrial they will be up
in arms.
WILL BE TAKEN BACK
TO NEWTON, MASS.
Postoffice Inspector Coming After
Edwin A. Lowe, in Jail at San
Jose.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— Word was received
to-day by Sheriff Lyndon that Edwin A.
Lowe, who confessed to embezzling $1800
from the poatofflce at Newton, Mass., is
wanted by the postal authorities. Lowe
surrendered himself to Constable Martin
at Mountain Vi^w last Sunday. He said
that in November last, while occupying
the position of Assistant Postmaster at
Newton he found a shortage of $300 in
his accounts, and, being unable to square
_ ■• , . . - '. ', -. . ' ■ . . ====9-
1 • ADVERTISEMENTS.
', 82 82 82 82' 82 82 '. 88 '. ', 82 82 88 88 ! 82 88 88 88 88 88 88 82 83 '. ', 82 '. S3 '. '. 82 '. 88 88 '. '. 82 tl 82 53 '. '. 82 82 82 82 '. 83 82 53 82 88 88 ',
*^ '■''' '■ \'^ It "" ' S ■ * * ■ ■ * \V^ I m I L. s^^
88 "~ 2 "";; 88
I m Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt I
88 ' ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ' ■■■ '"■ ' - - ■ ' : ■' ■ ' ■ ' ■ ' ■ ' ' "' " ■ '•• .•
iBB Has rescued 10,000 men from despondency, weakness, nervousness, « backwardness, • early jj
decay. It has made them strong, able men. , . . .-,.•. .. V, 88
88 . Are you as strong a man as nature intended you to be ?If not, try it. Read Dr. gg
g Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men." It is free. Call or address ' j 88
l;!s^,3srr)E3sr ELECTRIC CO. o^^'BK.SrKL^ «
05 Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays; 10. to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204 South ! Broadway; Portland, Or 2S
„ 253 Washington St.; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth St.; Dallas. Tex., 285 Main st.: "..-.. \ : - . ■ .. ■•• *®
•° ,:-*','/:- . NOTE— no mistake in the number— 63o MARKET STREET. : ■,-■■.• --■■'■ s -88
88 a
82 8? 88 83 83 88 88 88 88 88 82 82 82 82 88 88 88 88. 88 88 88 88 88*88 88 83 88. 8* 88 82. 88 82 82 82 82 S2 28S8 82 82 88 88 82 88 88 88 88 88 82 88 88 88 88 88 88
it, he had taken $1500 more and fled to
Mexico. He came to California a month
ago. Being without funds and work, he
preferred surrendering himself and going
to jail for a term, to tramping about the
country.
Inspector Irwin notified Sheriff Lyn
don to-day that an officer will come 'for
Lowe to-morrow, and he will be taken
back to Massachusetts as soon as the
Eastern officer arrives.
MINING PARTNERS IN
A DEADLY QUARREL.
William Farley Kills Matt Price on
the Desert Near Dale City,
San Bernardino.
SANTA FE DEPOT, San Bernardino,
Feb. 23. — The second murder on the desert
within two weeks was committed yester
day morning about ten miles north of
Dale City, this county, by William Farley.
His victim was Matt Price, who is said
to have been a partner of Farley in some
mining property.
Only meager reports have been received
and as the scene of the murder is in such
a remote and almost inaccessible spot, be
ing seventy miles from the railroad, it
will be some time before the full particu
lars of the affair will be known. Parties
who knew the men are inclined to be
lieve that the murder was the result of a
quarrel over a mining claim.
Farley has been placed under arrest and
Coroner Keating, Deputy Sheriff McEl
van. Assistant District Attorney Rolfe
and I Benjamin, a stenographer, left for
Dale City tin's morning to hold an inquest.
A. E. Reitz, who came in from Dale City
yesterday, leaving there early in the
morning, says that when he left the camp
all was peaceable and that the principals
in the affair seemed to be on good terms.
Lucille Still at Departure Bay.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 23.— The ship
Lucille, with the pack train for the Alas
kan relief expedition, is still at Depar
ture Bay, and the latest advice is that
the towboat to take her north will not
be on hand for another day or two. The
mules have been landed in the mean
time.
SIMON LAZARD
DIES IN PARIS
Passing of a Banker Who Was
Known Throughout the
World.
Was the Founder of the Financial
Institution Bearing His
Name.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— A special ca
ble to the Herald from Paris an
nounces the death of Simon Lazard,
founder of the banking house of Laz
ard Freres.
ARRAIGNMENT OF
FRANK BELEW
Without a Tremor the Dixon
Poisoner Enters a Plea
of Not Guilty.
Tuesday, April 5, the Day Set for
Trial — Improved Appearance
of the Fratricide.
Special PiFDatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Feb. 23.— Frank Belew, the
fratricide, appeared before Judgn Beckles
this morning for arraignment. He was ac-
I companled by one of his attorneys, George
IA. Lamont of Suisun. Quite a crowd had
assembled In the Superior Court room
when time for calling the case had ar
rived. Judge Buckles informed the de
fendant that he had been given until this
day to plead and he then asked him what
was his desire in that respect.
Mr. Lamont filed a demurrer on statu
tory grounds, which the court promptly
overruled. Belew was then asked what
was his plea and replied in a clear and
firm voice "Not guilty."
Judge Buckles set the case for trial on
Tuesday, April 5, which Arrangement
proved satisfactory to the respective
counsel.
Since his last appearance in the court
room Belew has improved considerably.
He seemed to be perfectly at ease and
cheerful to-day. He is also more con
tented while in jail and does not seem
to be In the constant fear that character
ized his actions during the first days of
his confinement in prison.
WEARIES OF
ANNOYING
NOTORIETY
Congressman Dingley
Is Sorely Embar
rassed.
His Name Again Unenvi
ably Dragged Before
the Public.
No Likelihood of a Settlement
of the Famous Melcher-
Hadley Case.
BOTH PARTIES STUBBORN.
Hearing of the Celebrated Suit Is
Further Postponed Until
March 4.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Feb. 23.— The Melcher-
Hadley case came up in Auburn, Me.,
again to-day. Congressman Nelson
Dingley is tired of the annoying no
toriety which the famous breach of
promise case of his niece, Mrs. Loui3
Dingley Hadley of San Diego, has
brought him, and he is making strenu
ous efforts to call a halt in the endless
publicity of the matter and the un
pleasant way in which his name is
dragged into the case and published
broadcast all over the country.
As a consequence of his objections,
Hon. Jeremiah Dingley, father of Mrs.
Hadley, has made an offer to Mr. Mel
cher to settle the judgment, but the
latter has declined to accept the sum
named. It has now grown to be a
bitter fight between the Dingleys and
the Melchers, and the new complica
tions regarding the attempted settle
ment do not tend to smooth matters
over. Each side continues to Btand
firm and the final outcome cannot be
predicted, although it is conservatively
estimated that some sort of a financial
settlement will be arrived at out of
court, but it is difficult to understand
how this can be brought about, in view
of the fact that Mr. Dingley swears he
will never pay the judgment and Mr.
Melcher insists that he will have every
cent of the sum named by the courts.
The postponed hearing in the disclo
sure proceedings which resulted from
the failure to pay the judgment of the
court was called before Disclosure
Commissioner Mitchell in Auburn to
day. The result of to-day's hearing
was the same as that of the first at
tempt at a hearing. Mrs. Hadley waa
not present, but her attorneys ad
dressed the Commissioner and request
ed a second postponement on the same
grounds as the previous continuance.
They presented the certificate of a
physician to the effect that the illnesa
of Mrs. Hadley was of such a char
acter and so serious that it precluded
her appearance in the courtroom.
Although Mr. Melcher's counsel man
ifsted impatience at this second delay
the Commissioner, after taking the
case under advisement for a few min
utes, rendered his decision in favor of
the defendant and assigned March 4
as the date of the postponed hearing.
Pioneer Bancher Dies at Alvarado.
IRVINTON, Feb. 23.— William Hayes,
who has lived continuously on his ranch
near Alvarado since 1552, died this morn
ing at Alvarado, aged S3 years. Deceased
came to California in 1850, around the
Horn, and at first began to work at his
trade »s a carpenter in San Francisco.
Soon after he moved to Alvarado. and
worked the first tlourmill in the State.
Old Be^ident Dies at Hanford.
HANFORD, Feb. 23.— E. R. Hurlburt. an
old resident of this county, died to-day,
aged 5S years. He was a native of Ohio
and served in the army during the re
bellion. He was a Grand Army member
and a Mason.CAPTAIN HOWARD BLACKBURN,
Who will lead a party of Gloucester (Mass.) men to the Klondike in search of gold.
They came here, via the Straits of Magellan, in the schooner Hattie I.
Phillips and, afler outfitting at this point, will proceed to St. Michael, where
they will build their river boat for use on the Yukon.
GLOUCESTER MEN
FOR THE YUKON
Came Here in a Schooner
Via the Straits of
Magellan.
Captain Blackburn's Terrible
Experience in an Open
Boat at Sea.
His Hands and Feet Were Frozen So
His Fingers and Toes Had to
Be Amputated.
A r"o r fy rrt KTorrilkprs arrived from
Gloucester, Mass., on the schooner Hat
tie I. Phillips yesterday. The voyage
was made in 129 days, but a stop of
five days was made at Sandy Point. A
very heavy storm was encountered in
• .he Gulf stream, and the vessel was
hove-to for thirty-seven hours. Six
stops were made in the Straits of Ma
gellan, and on each occasion the pros
pectors landed, but they never caught
a glimpse of a Patagonian.
Those who came out on the Phillips
are Howard Blackburn, captain; John
L. Harris, mate; Peter Rice, James
Nelson, Charles E. Clark, Leslie A.
Cavanaugh, Charles J. Strauberg, Fred
H. Story, Eldridge Wolfe, Fred E.
Head, William Murray, Otis E. Row
ell, L. L. Berry, Clement L. Pelly,
Clarence Dowle and Stephen Sponagle.
The folio-wing will come overland and
join the vessel here: W. W. Grant,
Jethro A. Heard, George Lee, John H.
"Winneberg and Charles O. Swinson.
The Hattie I. Phillips is not much
larger than the pilot, boat Gracie S.,
but she brought her passengers in com
fort from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
and in all the heavy weather not one
of the six dories lashed en her decks
was damaged. The men are nearly all
artisans, among them being engineers,
machinists, boatbuilders, painters, etc.,
so they will have no labor to hire when
it comes to putting their river boat to
gether. The latter is 50 feet long, 18
feet broad and 5 feet 8 inches deep, and
is now in sections along with the en
gines in the hold erf the schooner. Only
provisions for the voyage here were
brought along, and the schooner will
be sold, and the party will buy their
Klondike supplies here and go to St.
Michael by steamer.
Howard Blackburn, the leader of the
expedition, is a man who has had con
siderable experience as a Gloucester
fisherman on the Atlantic coast. Some
time ago while out in a dory fishing for
halibut he and his companion got lust.
"While fixing a drag Blackburn lost his
mittens overboard, and knowing that
his hands would freeze he grasped the
oars so that when it came to the worst
his hands would be frozen to the oars
and he could row anyhow. Thomas
Welch, his companion, went crazy after
thirty- =ix hours of the exposure and
finally died. But Blackburn kept on
rowing, and finally he sighted the coast
of Newfoundland.
When rescued it was found necessary
to amputate the fingers on both hands
and the thumbs at the first joint. He
also lost three toes and. the heel of the
right foot and two toes from the left
foot.
The British ship Lancing, which left
here for London on October 2, has had
a rough time of it. On the 21st inst.
she was spoken ten miles east of Eddy
stone lighthouse, with her fore and
main topgallant masts and upper yards
gone.
The British ship Royal Forth is tak
ing away the largest cargo of grain
that has left port this year. She has
on board 150,860 centals, or 5293 short
tons, of wheat, valued at $160,114. Cap
tain Cooper is one of the most courte
nus and popular masters that visits
this port, and his host of friends are all
wishing that he make a record passage
with his valuable cargo.
The steamer President has at last ar
rived at Yaquina Bay in safety. She
was five days out from here, but was
kept outside by a breaking bar.
President Craig Honored.
A communication from the American
Chamber of Commerce in Paris to the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce con
veyed the announcement that President
Hugh Craig of the Chamber of Commerce
in this city was made an honorary mem
ber of the body In Paris. This is con
si.], red <iuite an honor to not only Mr.
Craig, but also to California.
CHERRY BLOSSOMS
ON THE TABLE.
Engagement of Miss Lucille
Goodkind and Dp. G.
Costigan.
Mrs. Sachs gave an elegant dinner at
her home, S2O Post street, on Tuesday
evening:.
The table was elaborately decorated
with cherry blossoms, emblematic of the
immortal Washington.
Covers were laid for eighteen and an
elaborate menu discussed.
An interesting engagement, just made
public, is that of Miss Lucille Goodkind
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. Goodkind,'
and Dr. George Costigan. U. S. N., son
of W. 11. Costigan, recently of the United
States Circuit Court.
The betrothal was announced In New
York, where both the interested parties
ii«.\v reside-.
Miss Goodkind is very talented and
handsom< . and was during her residence
here a belle in the select circle in which
she moved. For the past two years she
baa made her homo in New York. No
date for the wedding has yet been set.
Mrs. Heller will piw a luncheon this
afternoon at her home, 812 Post street.
Covers will be hud for forty.
Moscow's orphan asylum, founded by
Catherine 11. is supported by a tax on
playing cards.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, -with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SUMMONED TO THE DIVORCE COURT.
Mrs. Violet Monnier Served With Her Father-ln-
Law's Complaint.
MR, AND MRS. GEORGE MONNIER JR.
Mrs. Violet Monnier has been summoned in the action of George Monnler,
a liquor dealer of considerable wealth, brought against her to annul her
marriage to George Monnier Jr., on the ground that at the time of the wed
ding the groom was within two years of his majority, and, according to law,
could not marry without the consent of his parents, which was never given.
The summons was returned to the County Clerk's office yesterday afternoon
and in a few days the young wife will file her answer and the case will go
to trial on its merits. Mrs. Monnier is the pretty daughter of A. K. Henry,
who resides at 529 Noe street, and while the lawyers of her father-in-law
are preparing their case to take her husband from her she sits in her
father's home and zealously cares for her baby, which is now two months
old. Where her husband is she knows not, but it is thought that he is far
from the scene of the impending litigation, perhaps across the ocean. It
was over three years ago when young George Monnier met his wife, who
was then Miss Violet Henry. A mutual attachment soon existed between
them, and the young man proposed marriage. He was under age, and the
young woman's father advised him to wait until he had reached his major
ity before taking Violet as his wife. The young man demurred. He did
not want to wait a year or two, so on the 4th of last March he went to
the County Clerk's office and procured a marriage license. In order to pro
cure the license it was necessary that he swear that he had attained his
majority, which he did without reluctance. He then went to the home of
his fiancee, told her of his action, and the young people left the house to
gether. Straight to Grace Episcopal Church they went, and there were
united in marriage by Rev. Dr. Foute. Then they returned to the home of
the bride's parents. They found forgiveness there, and the young couple
lived beneath that roof for a month. Then Monnier went away. It is said, at
the earnest solicitation of his parents, and took up a residence on a farm
near Calistoga. A month of life away from his wife was all he could
stand, so one day he packed up his belongings and returned to her. They
lived together another month in contentment, and the husband again
left the home of his wife's parents. In the meantime George Monnier com
menced an action to annul the marriage of his son. By swearing that he
was of age when he procured the license young Monnier laid himself liable
to the law. It is thought that this fact may prevent the case being
forced by the young man's father, but even though he may do his best to
have the marriage annulled, it is stated by the defendant's attorney, Henry
E. Highton, that the law will not allow of such injustice; that the marriage
of Miss Henry is legal and "straight as a string."
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALIL, THUKSUAIf, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
BARRINGTON
MEETS A
SOLID TEN
President of the Board
of Education Is
Defeated.
The Directors Appointed
Many New Teachers
Yesterday.
Kilpatrick Declines to Recog
nize the Power of the
Board.
WALLER SLATES HIMSELF.
Two Census Clerks Are Appointed
by the School Directors at
the Session.
The Board of Education held a meet
ing yesterday, and before the regular
business of the day was taken in hand
a prolonged session of the whole board
as a committee on finance was held In
the directors' private room. The first
report to be read when the board met
for the day's business was that of the
Committee on Rules in the case of E.
C. Kilpatrick, the suspended principal
of the Business Evening School. The
report was as follows:
February 23, 1898.
To the Honorable Board of Education-
Gentlemen: Your committee on rules beg
to recommend as follows:
1. That the president of the Board of
Education, Charles L. Barrington, called
a meeting of the committee on rules on
Monday, February 21. to consider the
charges preferred against E. C. Kil
patrick, principal of the Business School,
and that the committee was duly con
vened to examine the charges filed by R.
P. Hooe against E. C. Kilpatrick, a
teacher of the School Department of the
said city and county, and that such
charges were duly examined, investigated
and considered.
2. That from such examination, inves
tigation and consideration of such
charges against said Kilpatrick the com
mittee begs to report that the said
charges are of such gravity and import
ance as to warrant a trial of same before
the Board of Education as required by
law and the rules of the said board, and
therefore it recommends that such a trial
of said charge be had and that the said
Kilpatrick be suspended until further ac
tion of the board.
DR. GEORGE J. DRUCKER,
T. A. BURNS.
Later on, a communication from the
suspended principal declining to recog
nize the power of the board to sus
pend him was read and was not com
mented upon In any manner. The fol
lowing is Kilpatrick's communication
in full:
February 10, ISPS.
To the Honorable Board of Education-
Gentlemen: On arrival at school last
evening I found the following;
K. C. Kilpatrick, Principal Business
Evening School— Dear Sir: At a meet
ing of the Board of Education held last
Wednesday, February 9. 1898, you were
temporarily suspended pending an inves
tigation. Very respectfully,
C. M. WELSH, Secretary.
Thinking there must be some mistake,
and acting under advisement, I decline
to recognize the power of the board under
the law to suspend me without cause:
therefore, I hereby tender my services as
principal of the Business Evening School
and will report for duty daily as usual.
Very respectfully,
E. C. KILPATRICK,
Principal Business Evening School.
The next matter of importance to en
gage the attention of the board was
the following report of the Committee
on Elementary Education:
February 23, 1898.
To the Honorable Board of Education-
Gentlemen: Your committee on elemen
tary education recommends as follows:
1. That the day school substitute list hav
ing fallen below the number prescribed
by the rules, and consists of but twenty
two instead of thirty, we therefore beg
leave to recommend that the following
teachers having necessary qualifications
be appointed to the day school substitute
class: Misses Eliza Rickson. Mac No
lan, Dora Israel. Rose M. Stack, Eva
Cleary, Millie Wright, Alice Murphy,
Kate Torpey and Alice Powers.
S. L. Waller, T. A. Burns, Dr, D. F.
Ragan, Dr. G. F. Drucker.
Before a vote "was taken on the re
port President Barrington rose to
speak against the report being adopted.
In the first place, he said, the funds of
the department were very low, and on
that ground, if on no other, he would
be compelled to ask the board not to
adopt the report. He was not averse to
the appointment of additional teachers
if circumstances permitted, but he was
sure that the present was no time to
make new appointments. He was as
anxious to hand in names as any of
the other Directors, and had as many
demands on him as they could possibly
have; but unless imperative need arose
no additions should be made to the
substitute list. He insisted that the
board should be consistent, and also
show the public that they were dis
posed to practice economy where it was
possible.
Barrington's speech brought several
Directors to their feet to urge that the
report be aduptt/d, and Director Der
ham was the first to reply. He told
Barrington that he had experienced a
remarkable change of opinions as well
as a direct change of front on the mat
ter before the board, and that he had
appointed as many teachers as any
other Director. What was the hidden
motive which now prompted him to be
so economical?
Director Head then took up the dis
cussion and asked the meeting to
adopt the report in its entirety. A
vote was taken which resulted in the
report being adopted, ten Directors
voting for its adoption while President
Barrington voted for the rejection of
the measure. When the result of the
vote had been read to the meeting
Barrington paid that he had always
known that there was a solid nine, but
he had now found out that there was
a solid ten among the School Directors.
At last they had found the lost sheep
and had taken him into the fold.
The Committee on Secondary Educa
tion recommended that "owing to the
dissatisfaction prevailing in the Girls'
High School, that the said school be
investigated thoroughly by the Com
mittee on Secondary Education." Dr.
Ragan said that he wanted the whole
matter looked into. He did not believe
that there was any foundation for the
scandal which was floating about in
reference to the Girls' High School be
ing grossly mismanaged. Principal
Brooks of the Girls' High School had
appeared before the committee that
morning and declared that there were
too many teachers employed there.
Ragan wanted him to sign a statement
to that effect, but the principal de
clined. Dr. Ragan did not believe that
there was one teacher too many in that
school, and said there was full employ
ment for all who were assigned there.
The following teachers were yester
day transferred:
Mrs. M. A. Brown of the Hawthorne
Primary to the receiving class of the
Columbia Grammar School; Miss Matilda
T-yneh will flli the vacancy caused by
Mrs. Brown's transfer. George C. Mitch
ell was transferred from the Polytechnic
High School to the viee-prineipalship of
the Girls' High School and assigned to
the science department. M. S. Blanehard
was transferred from the Polytechnic
High School to the Lowell High School.
I^eave of absence' was granted to the
following teachers: Mrs. M. E. Caldwell,
Miss C. A. Templeton. Miss Josephine
Frank, Miss Kate R. Paxton. Miss Edith
M. Stafford and Miss Kate O"Brien.
Mrs. 1,. Gear and William J. Drew wore
granted grnmmar grade certificates, and
Agnes J. Ahem, Mary J. Dolan and Kate
McLaughlin were granted ll fo diplomas
of the grammar grade. Christine B. la
Barraque was granted a special High
School certificate in French on the rec
ommendation of the faculty of the Uni
versity of California.
A committee on census was appoint
ed by the board, Directors Carew,
Drucker and Waller being the chosen
members. Waller caused much amuse
ment by proposing that he be appoint
ed a member of the committee, as he
had served in that capacity before.
Saul Epstein was elected as special
teacher of mathematics and assigned
to the Business High School. The
board decided to close the Sheridan
Evening School, and Miss Mary Man
gan, the teacher, was transferred to
the Fairmount Evening School.
Thomas Meagher was appointed by
the board to the position of chief cen
sus clerk, and John Costlgan was ap
pointed deputy census clerk, the ap
pointments to tal^e effect from the Ist
of March, 1898.
TO SOOTHE THE
FEVERED BROW
Ten Young Ladies Whose Mis
sion in Life Will Be One
of Mercy.
Oraduating Exercises of the San
Francisco Training School
for Nurses.
The graduating exercises of the San
Francisco Training School for Nurses
were held in the parlors of the Occidental
last evening, which had been prettily
decorated for the occasion. Ten young
ladies were presented with diplomas,
which legally entitle them to become min
istering angels when "anguish wrings the
brow," and in token of the angelic char
acter' that will in the future be theirs
they were clothed all in white, making
such a tempting picture that each man
present in the audience of nearly five hun
dred friends who had gathered vowed
then and there to become seriously ill on
the first opportunity that should offer
Itself.
Miss Mary Patton, the friend and ad
viser of all the pupils who pass through
the school, had attended to the arrange
ments of the entertainment, and that she
succeeded well in her self-imposed labors
is attested by the following excellently ar
ranged programme:
Overture Fosters Orchestra; march,
"Handicap." (Rosey); prayer. Rev. H. E.
Cooke rector of Trinity Church; address,
Hon. James D. Phelan; serenade (Tille):
address, George Franklin Shiels, M. D.
(Edin.) F. R. C. S.; vocal solo (selected),
Frank Coffin; presentation of diplomas, G.
E Sussdorff, M. D., Superintendent Phy
sician City and County Hospital; award
ing medal's, Mrs. J. G. Lemmon; waltz,
"The Serenade" (Herbert); selection,
"Gasperone" (Millocker).
The names of those who received diplo
mas and are now full-fledged nurses are:
Carrie L. Howard, Selina Elsie Hayden.
Julia Marie Kane. Ottilie J. Karstens,
Bertha C. Lampkin, Jessie R. Nelson,
Jane P. Nickson, Mary Blanche O'Reilly,
Marj' Frances Strand and Eugenia
Thompson.
The Queen has taken nearly 500 prizes
at cattle shows in the United Kingdom
for products at her stock farm.
The fae-simile /rf SrgjT^Ju" ** °* every wrapper
£ •Mature of 6&<4&7!&£jg& of CASTOEIA.
GIVE THE
DETECTIVES
THE SLIP
How "Kid" Fowler
Escaped O'Dea's
Vigilant Eye.
Was Badly "Wanted for
His Participation in a
Hold-Up.
Although Cornered by the
Pinkerton of the Southern
Station He Gets Away.
TOOK THE BOOTY ALONG
Captain Bohen Indignant Over the
Stupidity of the
Officer.
Through the blundering methods of
Detectives Ryan and ODea the third
robber in the Baltimore House hold-up
is still at large. He is known to the
police as "Kid" Fowler, and, notwith
standing that the two sleuths of the
Southern station had him within their
grasp, he managed to get away.
Fowler, with two ex-convicts named
George Williams and Joseph Murphy,
last Friday night held up Bert Cubett,
a sporting man, and three friends in a
room in the Baltimore House, on Bush
street and Grant avenue. Through the
efforts of Captain Bohen the identity
of the men was discovered and a con
certed effort made to arrest them.
Ryan and ODea were sent to a lodg
ing-house on Sixth street, where the
men roomed, with instructions not to
allow them to escape. Detective Sil
vey afterward joined them, and
through his efforts Williams was taken
without a struggle. Ryan and ODea
learned that Murphy and Fowler were
in the room and they proceeded to ar
rest them. Ryan stationed himself at
the entrance, while ODea, with drawn
revolver, rapped at the door of the
room occupied by the robber. Fowler,
who was in the room at the time,
opened the door and, catching a
glimpse of the Pinkerton of the South
ern station, he jumped through the
window and made his escape unknown
to Ryan.
ODea, realizing he had lost the ring
leader of the desperate gang, content
ed himself with arresting Murphy. He
was securely handcuffed and amid the
greatest secrecy was taken to the City
Prison and locked up in the tanks.
When Captain Bohen learned that
Fowler had escaped he expressed him
self in no uncertain terms on the stu
pidity of O'Dea.
Detectives Ed Gibson, Wren. Rey
nolds and Dinan were immediately
detailed to capture the escaped robber.
Notwithstanding their efforts he has
thus far eluded arrest. When Fowler
escaped from ODea he had in his pos
session the diamonds and money which
he and his confederates took from Cu
bett and the other victims.
The Chief of Detectives is particu
larly anxious to get him, as he con
siders him /one of the most desperate
characters that ever operated in this
city. As the result of allowing Fowler
to escape ODea is the laughing stock
of the detective department.
ALL FAVOR A
FREE MARKET
Delegates From the Farming
Districts Assemble in
Convention.
Horticulturists Advocate the Taking
of Products Out of the Commis
sion Man's Hands.
The Free-market Convention, called by
the San Francisco Farmers' Club met at
the Chamber of Commerce, Merchants'
Exchange building, at 10 a. m. yesterday.
The following persons, elected to rep
resent their different organizations were
present:
Visalia Board of Trade— "William H.
Hammond, Ben M. Maddox and George
W. Stewart; Tulare Grange— W. J. Ful
gam, Major C. J. Berry and Mrs. C. J.
Berry; Highland Grange No. 303, P. of
11. , E. F. Adams; Stockton Grange No.
70, William 1... Oversheiser; Contra Costa
County Fruit Union — Professor John
Qwett. Samuel Potter and Dr. J. H.
Caruthcrs; Hoard of Supervisors of Tu
lare County— W. W. Henry, John Tuohy,
Thomas Jacobs, George A. Fleming and
A. E. Scruggs; Petuluma Grange No. 23 —
S. S. Peck and C. D. Grover; Southern
California Fruit Exchange— George Frost
and V. S. Story; Poultry-keepers' Pro
tective Association of Petaluma, H.
Meacham; Two Hock Grange No. 152, P.
of H., C. Nisson; Tulare County— W. C.
Dogget and J. D. Hoffman; Lodi Grange-
Mr. Anderson and Mr. Hoffman; Santa
Clara County Farmers' Club, F. M.
Rlghter; Fresno County Farmers' Club,
Kings County Farmers' Club, Woodbridge
Grange and Pomona Grange, it is also
understood, will appoint delegates; San
Francisco Farmers" Clvb — C. E. Post, E.
F. Adams, I. J. Truman, T. V. O'Brien
and E. A. Denicke.
The meeting was called to order by Dr. J
C E. Post, who nominated E. F. Adams
for chairman. The nomination was |
seconded by Victor T. O'Brien, who later
was appointed secretary.
S. S. Peck of Petaluma was appointed
assistant secretary and Chairman Adams
named the following committees:
Instruction— John Swett, T. J. Freeman,
AY 1... Overheiser, D. T. Fowler and J. B.
Burrill.
Finances— S. S. Peck, V. T. O'Brien, A.
N. Judd, \V. P. Cragin and J. A. Simons.
Chairman Adams gave a history of the
origin of the proposal of the free market,
which was as follows:
The general proposal to establish a free mar
ket on the water front has been familiar for
many years. The conception has always been,
however, of an old fashioned market where
producer and consumer actually meet. This,
as has been shown, is not possible under mod
ern conditions, except for those producers liv
ing very near the city.
In San Francisco consumers are not likely to
purchase from the free market, for they can
neither afford the time nor travel surh a dis
tance, and the tradesmen alone will derive the
benefit.
The first proposal to establish a free market
suited to modern conditions came from High
land Orange In a written communication ad
dressed to the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners, and widely published at the time,
which outlined the project thoroughly.
The Harbor Commission expressed Itself
heartily in favor of the proposal, and declared
its readiness to act. It is evident, however,
that the commission never understood the pro
posal, for what it has at various times pro
posed to do, namely, set aside a wharf where
any producers who chose misht get their pro
duce the best way they could and sell it under
such regulations ns they mi^ht desire, or un
der no regulations, was something entirely
different from what Highland Grange and other
bodies of producers asked for.
The original proposal of Highland Grange
was for a market which should transact "all"
the business in perishable products, and we are
now here to discuss and arrive at a thorough
understanding.
After some discussion by D. T. Fow
ler, Captain E. B. Sweetser and J. A.
Simons the following; communication was
received from the Board of Supervisors
of San Joaquin County:
Resolved. That this board reiterates Us reso
lution passed Juno 8, lv' 7. l.y this board as to
the necessity for the establishment of 8 free
market in this State, and in furtherance of this
end the board hereby appoints J. D. Hoffman
and A. _L P. Melntosh as delegates to Mid
convention called by the Farmers' Club to act
on such matters; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the board, representing the
citizens of San .Toaquin County, earnestly re
quest of the Harbor Commissioners that the
establishment of such a market as is contem
plated be put in operation at the earliest pos
sible date.
The following committee was appointed
on finance: I. J. Turner, San Francisco;
H. Meehan, Sonoma, and A. N. Judd,
Watsonville.
Following are the producers authorized
to represent the producers of California
before the Harbor Commissioners on the
free market proposition with power to
add one from each county in the State,
whose expenses shall be borne by the
county sending: him: W. P. Cragin,
Santa Clara; E. F. Adams, San Fran
cisco; S. S. Peck, Sonoma: John Swott,
Contra Costa; w. X Overheiser. San
Joaquin; J. M. Moore, Alameda, and Russ
D. Stevens, Sacramento.
FRATERNAL
SOCIETIES
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
A new camp with twenty-seven charter
members was instituted at Geyserville
Saturday. A camp was organized at
Stockton on Tuesday by General Organiz
er Rogers.
During January 4216 applications were
received in the United States, California
standing fifth, with 2:17.
Extensive preparations are being made
by the Head Camp entertainment com
mittee to entertain the delegates.
J. L. Geary will address a public meet
ing on Woodcraft at Baden to-night.
Golden Gate Camp will visit Oakland
Camp on the 28th inst.
Gamage Given Three Weeks.
John Gamago, the private detective,
was to have answered a contempt pro
ceeding in Justice Barry's court yester
day, but by consent of counsel the matter
was put over for three weeks in order to
give the defendant a chance to arrange
the case against him. The court intimated
that when the case was again brought
before him he would ask the counsel for
plaintiff to explain certain statements re
garding the action of the court in the
mattter.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Saieo 0ver6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISOEDEES
euch as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness aftor meats. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on tho Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE EELIEF
• IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
FEHHAns PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
[ plote health. They promptly removo
obstructions or irregularities of tho sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And havo the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World;
25c. at all Drue Stores.
" At Auction
AT
GOLDEN GATE HALL
625 SUTTER STREET,
TO-DAY
(THURSDAY),
And Continuing Friday and Saturday,
At 2:30 and 8 p. m. daily,
BALANCE OF
SARAFIAN'S
COLLECTION
OF
: ! Rare Orient a I "» Artistic Rugs, Etc.
Which sale was discontinued owing
i to the renting of the hall for
a few days.
Antique and Modern
Rugs, Carpets,
Hangings, Etc,
Some among; which are priceless. One Silk
Rug, exhibited in Vienna in 1890,
won first prize.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers.
«nii'iaiinii«
j HAVE YOU Sore Throat. Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sorea, Ulcers I
in Mouth, Hair-Fallinsr' Write COOK KKM- ■
EDYCO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital H I
toOO.OUO. Worst cases cured iv 15 to 36 days. ■
100-puee book free. m
. Simm— — ■ imm iii ■ i iiw, 1 *
. . . _a_ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Telegram
from Russia :
"SEND TO ANITCHKOFF PALACE
ST. PETERSBURG IMMEDIATE-
LY ONE DOZEN VINMARIANI FOR
HER IMPERIAL MAJESTY EM-
PRESS OF RUSSIA."
Ordered by the Court Physicians.
(MARIAN I WINE)
THE IDEAL FRENCH TONIC.
At Druggists and Fancy Grocers. Avoid Sub-,
i 'V; :. • . stitntions.
$5,0000?,
»WILLBUY A
WELL ESTABLISHED
GOOD PAYING
'J£ DOWN TOWN
T
Notion and
Stationery
Store *£
Cor. Kearny and Commercial
LONG LEASE AT LOW RENT
Apply or address
PERNHU BROS.
543 CLAY STREET, S. F.
i '
. Fine Tailoring
Fine Tailoring
... At Cut Rate Prices j
ALL WOOL SUITS HADE TO ORDER FOR
SI2, $15.50, 517.50 and $20
THEYBEATTHE WORLD FOB QUALITY AND STYLE ; 1 \
« Joe Pohein, The Tailor ■
1110-1112 Market St. O a » r.,,,,-1-..
844-846 Market St. 8n FranCISCO
j 201-203MontgomerySt. CAL.
/_ IP YOU I WEAR :/:.;
| /9^^v- Glasses
fei dnA Wish prompts fftc i^nH
iJaSB^ service by able- and cour-
teous Opticians \s\\ gi\iv/^ : ; =
OPTICIANS * a 1< .pREMO-POCO
; KODAK K cAMERA ,^ : -;
utc imarklTOT. Photographic
GATAioGuef/tee. OUPPLIES.. . .
I WE RENT ALL MAKES
A Few Partly Used For Sale.
SENO FOR SAMPLES OF WORK and PRICES.
L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
110 Montgomery St.
MADE ME A MAN
rfZfri AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
l/l I j! Z.X Xrrvous THsease/t— Failing Mem*
X je| ory, Impotoncy, Sleeplessness, etc, caiued
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. L.L Hervons Diseases — Failing Mocn-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., eauasd
by Abase or other Kxceseea and Indis-
' AtfiiSt cretions, They quickly and surety
. \ restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and '
VSS^^L fit a man for st tidy, business or marriage.
■ m^t^fsf Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in me. Their use shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUBE whore all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. . They
have cured thousands and will cure yon. We give a pos-
itive written guarantee to offset a cure CA PTC in
each case or refund the money. Price 9U Vlwi per
package; or six pieces (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
**** AJAX REMEDY CO.. '. •• e J£S? r ?.?t»
For sale in San Francisco by Leipnltz A Co..
150 Sutter. . No-Percentage Pharmacy, 953 Mkt. ;
_*lt'Art!!lo»i«nS__l___ WIPTDHE So s ££
B___ >t— USE-— ffia™*j^ HtriLHC mere Iron
BIBL''. ' "T JsS^ ■ > '-i5 ; ?~e' Ioo I )S or Steel Springs.
THHB—a^B^cr -J&&& Rupture retained with
/fWEßp iS— £#— ii _ ft QjbF®^ ease and comfort, and
f|-- s^g^Hrij^e 8 thousands, radically • Cured .
If — s^iS^K'* 3 >' Dr. Pierce' a Celebrated
M /JHf^t Magnetic Elastic Truss. CT-Call
li /15T\.\ at ' office ■or ' "write- -for • New ■
/v5/\ Pamphlet No. 1. - Address MAG-
NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
DR. PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st. (cor. ■
Kearny), SAN FRANCISCO, Cal. _.
B_yWhen writing please mention The Call.
DR.MCOTLTY7
; rpiiry *.yell-known and RKUABUI Or.t»
.L Specialist cirt"«Prlvate,Nervous,Bloort and Skin -
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years'expprleuce. ; Send for Book, free. Patients ,
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. ' Hours, 9 to 3
dally;6:3o toS.2ocv'(rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOE MeJiUITT, 91. D., .
2r.' Ke-i ii r Street. San Francisco. r_L
q visit DR. JORDAH'SG««t
'gXm Museum of Anatomy
iPi^l ■ 1051 XASKTSJ.W. 6th* 7th, Z.T.CtI
m 'fLTfi visit DR. JORDAN'S c™.t
Museum of Anatomy
2051 MABEET ST. Tset. 6th * 7th, 3. F. 0»L
The Largest of Us klodtnUw Worm-
1-^il DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
•|IkWW a; < r?nninilt»:lon free. Writ* for Took f
;• W . | Philosophy of Marriage,
■ O !j ■ -. ■• '. MAILED FHCC. . '
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS " ; .; .;
NOTARY PUBLIC. ;
A. J. HENRY, : NOTARY; PUBLIC
nQO MAiU-ET ST.. 'OPP. PAJUACB .
> 000 : Hotel. Telephone 670. Residents* - DiM
Valencia street. Telephone, "C_urc_" U. -;
910
UNITED EFFORT MEANS SUCCESS.
The Proposed Semicentennial Exposition Favored by AH the Public=Spirited
Citizens of the Coast.
Prominent Business and Professional Men Pledge Their Support to the Movement Looking Toward Placing California and
Her Resources Before Properly the World.
IT is admitted on every Bide that a |
semi-centennial exposition in 1900 ;
to commemorate the fiftieth anniver
sary of our Statehood would prove
a far greater success than the Mid
winter Fair, which proved of such
great and lasting benefit to the entire
Pacific Slope.
The Midwinter Fair was the means |
of drawing attention to our climate i
and resources. That it was a success
is shown by the fact that man}' who
visited us out of curiosity and in search
of amusement decided to make their
homes in California. Trade in gen
eral was benefited and many people
of wealth were bo impressed with our
climate and resources that they in
vested their capital in our State.
\W have already secured many as-
Burarnres of aid from cur neighboring
States^ and all that now remains to be
done is place the matter in the hands
of a oommittee of public-spirited citi
zens vvflio are willing to devote the time
and energy necessary to the consum
mation of the project suggested by The
Call. That the interior of the State
1b in hearty accord with the movement
has been shown by the editorial ex
pressions of the press outside of San
Francisco.
No time should be lost. L.et the
necessary committee be appointed, the
preliminary work taken in hand and
success aavaits the Exposition of 1900.
WILL BRINQ
PEOPLE HERE.
By> Attracting Visitors to This
Coast Many Benefits Will
Accrue.
M. J. BRANDENSTEIN— The pro
posed semi-centennial exposition to be
held here in 1900 is a magnificent idea
and or»e well worthy of Buccess and
entirely deserving of the support of ev
ery man who has the interest of the
State at heart. The benefits to be ob
tained by such an exhibition are incal
culable, and are not t<> be gainsaid.
One resnlt that an exposition accom
plishes is the bringing of people to our
coast, and no one will deny that the
visit of so many people will do us good
in a variety of ways.
It would be well if every citizen of
this State would constitute himself a
committee of one to advance the pro
ject by all honorable means in his pow
er, and we will then be able to demon
strate that we are eminently capable
of giving an exposition on euch a
grand scale.
AN EXPOSITION
IS NECESSARY.
Opinion of henry Hermann, a
Prominent Wholesale Liquor
Merchant.
HENRY HERRMANN, formerly of
the firm of Herrmann & Co., and a
■wholesale and prominent merchant of
the city, speaking of The Call's sugges
tion of holding a semi-centennial expo
SOMETHING
TICKS IN
THE CLOCK
Clouds of Suspicion
Rise Over the New
Ferry Depot.
Believes a "Cookoo" Is
in the Big Tower
Timepiece.
A- Contractor Saw the Right
Person and His Bid Was
Very Low,
Ab the investigation into the scan
dals of the Harbor Commission pro
gresses it seems as If the field of bood- I
ling becomes broader and there is
nothing too small in the matter of per
quisites for some of the city-front
combine to pass by. Late developments
cause the finger of suspicion to be
pointed in the direction of the big
clock that is to become a part of the
tower of the new ferry building.
There are quite a number of peo
pl» who are satisfied that there is
something strange in connection with j
the construction of the timepiece. This j
suspicion has been intensified by the i
remark of the agent of one of the ;
clock companies, who said: "I have
seen the right party and the thing is
fixed all right."
Some months ago the Harbor Com
missioners advertised for bids on t£e
clock on the tower, and on August 18
the bids, two in number, were opened.
One was from the Seth Thomas Clock
Company, and the other was from the
Howard Clock Company. The bid of
the Thomas Company was $4250, and
that of the Howard Company $4242, or
$8 under the first. Why the contract
was not awarded at the time is not
known, beyond the reason given by
Commissioner Colnon that Commis
sioner Chadbourne was not present,
sition. to commemorate the anniver
sary of the admission of California into
the Union, said that he was heartily in
favor of the proposition of having a
fair of this magnitude providing the
stipulations and the present plans as
outlined by The Call were observed to
the letter.
"There is only one way to get East
ern people to this coast, and that is by
giving them sufficient inducement to
ciime here. It has been clearly demon
strated that people will not come west
WILLING TO LEND NECESSARY AID.
1 desire to be quoted as absolutely and un
qualifiedly in favor of the project which The Call,
with true progressive spirit, has brought into being,
because 1 approve of anything that will exhibit our
development to all the world. lam already making
arrangements to show some of our resources at
the Paris Exposition in 1900, but that would not
interfere with our concern taking a prominent and
active part in our local exposition, and the two
coming at the same time would only spur us to
make a better exhibit and increase our energies
toward making a grand success of the California
celebration.
I would like to see progressive, wide-awake
and up-to-date men at the head of the whole affair,
for it is only by having men of that caliber at the
helm we can hope to succeed in the undertaking.
There should be no trouble experienced in interest
mg some of our prominent men in the venture, and
doing so will insure the successful completion of
the proposed exposition.
For my part, I am perfectly willing to lend my
aid, be it of whatever character desired, in my pri
vate capacity as an individual, or as a member of a
concern which has at all times had the best inter
ests of the city and State at heart.
1 see wonderful possibilities in such an exhibi
tion, and, with proper management, I see no reason
why they should not develop into substantial
actualities. CHARLES BUNDSCHU.
of the Rockies merely to test our cli
matic advantages and see what we
have to show in the way of commer
cial importance and State industries, as
transportation rates are at present ex
orbitant. I believe that if people could
be induced to come out here they would
undoubtedly remain, but the pro-posi
tion remains how shall we get them
here.
If The Call succeeds in its present
worthy object of benefiting the State
by its supreme efforts to place before
the people, not only of the United
States, but the world, an exposition far
beyond their comprehension or remot
and he (Colnon) wanted a full board
present when the contract was made.
From the apparent agitation of the
agent of the Howard Clock people he
was afraid that something was wrong,
and when both bids were rejected and
new bids called for he was particularly
active. He is said to have been very
diligent in his inquiries as to the bust
way of making a favorable impres
sion on the board.
How successful he was in this is a
matter of conjecture. The preparation
of the second set of specifications was
duly made by Architect Edward R.
Swain, and was submitted to the offi
cials of the board. Although few know'
it, there was a little joker in the new
set that made competition impossible.
Certain clock machinery and move
ments found only in the Howard clock
were called for in the set presented by
Mr. Swain, who, it is said, was unable
to modify his own plans away from his
office. This objection was finally over
come, and on October 26 the new bids
were opened. The Seth Thomas clock
people stood pat on their old figure,
$4250, but the Howard Clock Company's
agent created a surprise by lowering
his own bid to $3630, or $620 under. This
company got the contract, and a con
tractor who was sitting near the agent
for the successsful clock company said,
"Well, you made it, I see."
The agent's answer was: "Of course
I got it. I saw the right party and had
it fixed."
Commissioner Harney spoke to the
agent of the defeated clock company
and said he was sorry the figures were
so far apart, as he preferred the works
of the Seth Thomas, and asked, "To
what do you attribute the difference in
the figures?"
"To the interpretation that Architect
Swain puts on the specifications. If
these are lived up to to the letter and
spirit of the paper the successsful bid
der will come out behind," answered W.
M. Fonda, the agent. Later on he said
that his company could not do the work
at the price offered by the other bidders
and put in good materials. The inter
pretation the architect puts on the
specifications is being closely watched
by several persons who are determined
that there shall be no shoddy work
done. Under the contract "the archi
tect shall be at liberty to order any al
terations, additions or deductions of
any kind, giving his order in writing,
countersigned by the Harbor Commis
sioners, and the contract shall notj be
invalidated by such act."
That the successful bidders are evi
dently on the right track is manifest
by the fact that this company has
given an additional contract to furnish
twenty subsidiary clocks and the wir
ing of the building so that these may
operate in unison with the master clock
in the tower. The price stated for
these twenty subsidiary clocks is set
at $60 apiece, which is calculated to go
a long way toward easing up on the
strain of the Inw contract on the big
clock. Then there is the wiring, a mat
ter of no small consideration when it
is taken Into consideration how proflt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
! est conception I believe that It will be
i of untold advantage to the State and
! the country generally. I consider from
! the present outlook that if the pro
i posed exposition is once successfully
I launched there will be no trouble of its
i being supported by the people of the
i State and country.
Everybody realizes that it wants
! something of this character to help it
j along, and I sincerely believe that it
| would reap untold advantages from
! this exposition, which in its grandeur
1 will have but one competitor and rival
—the exposition of Paris, also to be held
in that year.
WORTHY OF
ALL SUPPORT.
Every Citizen Should Assist in
Furthering the state's
Prosperity.
The people of California cannot be
better engaged than in attracting vis
itors to this State. If this be done, the
able a bill of "extras" can be made.
As stated, this work is being
watched.
PROCEEDINGS IN COURT.
Witness Wheatly Anxious to
Accuse President Moore.-
The case of the Parafflne Paint Com
pany against the Harbor Commis
sioners, on hearing before Judge Bel
cher, was not productive of any sen
sations yesterday. S. C. Irvine, mana
ger of the company, and W. T. Wheat
ley, manager of the S. E. Slade Lumber
Company, were the only witnesses. The
plaintiff will close its case to-day.
The first inquiry made of Mr. Irving
in his cross-examination was with ref
erence to conversations held by him
with Commissioners Colnon, Harney
and Chadbourne and Engineer Holmes
relative to the third set of specifica
tions for the preservation of piles.
In one of these talks with Mr. Holmes
the witness told him that he regarded
the requirements in the specifications
as a "cinch," which did not give those
who desired to bid a fair chance. This
protest was made when the witness
saw the rough draft. Mr. Irving also
told Commissioners Colnon and Har
ney that they were unfair.
"In your direct examination you said
there are many piles on the city front
which are undersized. Where are
those piles to be found?" said Strat
ton.
"All the way from North Beach to
Little Main street. These are mostiy
creosoted piles."
"Did you ever treat undersized
piles?"
"Darby Laydon once furnished us
with 240 piles and we rejected 200 be
cause they were undersized. These
were afterward passed by Mr. Hinds,
who was assistant engineer, relieving
us from further responsibility."
W. T. Wheatley, outside manager for
the S. E. Slade Lumber Company, was
then called. He said he had been with
the Slade Company for eight or ten
years. On several occasions he did
some work on the books of the San
Francisco Timber Preserving Company
and th^> books of the concern were al
ways open for his inspection.
"Was not a letter 'C in there?" asked
Attorney Sullivan, pointing to an eras
ure.
"I don't know anything about these
erasures. I never saw them before.
Slade never spoke to me about these
matters."
"Don't you know that these erasures
are fresh and made since the com
mencement of this suit?"
"I don't know anything about this
business. I never had anything to do
with the cash."
Wheatleysaidhehad made one or two
erasures that he wanted to explain, but
as he was not asked about these mat
ters he did not .have the desired op
portunity to tell. He became very an
gry at Attorney Sullivan, and said If
natural advantages of the State can
be depended upon to do the rest. The
great Christian Endeavor Convention
proved the willingness of people to
take advantage of every opportunity
to come to this coast. The Call is now
arousing public interest in an exposi
tion for 1900, and a better occasion
could not have offered. In that year
California will have completed fifty
years of existence as a State, and a
great jubilee exposition would attract
tens of thousands of people. The en
terprising spirit of Mr. Spreckels' pa
per deserves to be encouraged by
every citizen who has any desire to
further the prosperity of California. In
many countries the time between now
and 1900 would be considered too short
to prepare for an international expo
sition, but California does not follow
the rest of the world, but is inclined
to go ahead of it. Pull together for
that exposition. — Oakland Tribune.
SAN LUIS OBISPO
WILL CO-OPERATE.
The County Will Contribute En
thusiastic Support to the
Exposition.
FRANK WILLARD KIMBALL,
Southern California's eloquent young
lawyer — The Call's suggestion that an
exposition be held in San Francisco in
1900 to commemorate the semi-centen
nial anniversary of California Into the
Union has met with decided favor In
this section.
It certainly seems to me that If
preparations are immediately begun
with a thorough concentration of ac
tion, the proposed exposition will
eclipse in grandeur the Midwinter
Fair, and develop as a vigorous rival
of the Paris World's Fair.
I have taken occasion to exploit the
idea put forth by The Call to promi
nent San LuisObispans and from the
expressions of opinion gained feel as
sured that San Luis Obispo will con
tribute a most enthusiastic co-opera
tion in the matter of assisting and car
rying out the enterprise to a success
ful and gratifying consummation.
FAILURE AN
IMPOSSIBILITY.
Will Demonstrate That Califor
nia Is a Great and Mighty
State
LIPPMAN SACHS— It Is a grand
project and one worthy of the highest
order of success. I believe in such ex
positions, because by them we mani
fest to the world at large that we are
part and parcel of the United States,
although our Eastern brethren some
times imagine that we are out of the
Union on account of being so far away
from the center. In fact, from the
abundance and variety of our re
sources we are a considerable portion
of this glorious republic, and the more
we show it the more It will be recog
nized.
I am a firm believer in advertising
of any description, and no better way
can be devised to place ourselves in the
mind's eye of the world than by an
other grand exposition. This one in
1900 will be an advertisement on a large
he could have the chance he would tell
of things that would change the com
plexion of the case. He was not given
the chance, and after a few more de
nials of any knowledge of how the
journal and check book stub became so
badly mutilated he was excused. The
plaintiffs will finish their case to-day,
and from all accounts the defense will
take at least a week in the examination
of its witnesses. '
After Mr. Wheatley had left the court
room he was asked what it was in the
way of evidence he was prevented from
giving on the stand. He said thi fight
of the Paraffins Paint Company was
not actuated wholly by justice in
bringing the action, but that it was
more in a spirit of revenge, because
the Par^lHne Company had lost p.'it
rcmage it had controlled for years.
Wheatley stated that after the third set
of specifications had been made out
PreFident Moore of the Paraffine Palr.t
Company went to Mr. Dundon and
made a proposition of a very ques
tionable nature. According to his
story Mr. Moore told Dund<>n that ft
was no use for the two concerns to
light for the patronage of the Harbor
Commission, and that the San Fran
cisco Timber Preserving Company
could have the contract in question if
Dundon would allow the Paraffine
Company a "divy" on the profits of
the creosoting.
He made the further statement that
Moore suggested that the price of ere- I
osoting could be run up so that there
would be a fat profit to both Wheatley
asserted that Moore offered to drop <.
all matters relating to the injunction
proceedings and suit if his offer were i
accepted. Wheatley said Dundon in
dignantly refused to entertain the of
fer, and told Moore that the Paraffine
Paint Company was not In a
position to make terms to his com
pany, not having a creosoting plant,
and further, that he would rather
make his own profits at the present
prices than increase the price and share
with some one else.
R. S. Moore last evening stated that
he had long since come to the conclu
sion that Dundon had an unusually
strong pull with the Harbor Commis
sioners, and also concluded that it
was useless for the Paraffine Paint
Company to waste its energies endeav
oring to secure any portion of the har
bor work If Dundon wanted it.. He
therefore decided to sound Dundon to
ascertain of what his apparent pro
prietorship consisted.
Mr. Dundon was asked If he would
consent to divide the work so that the
Parafflne Company could get at least
a small portion of it in Its line. Dun
don answered that if he had been seen
sooner he would willingly have made
such an arrangement. Dundon further
stated that as soon as the Paraffine
Company demonstrated to him that it
had a plant and was prepared to go
Into the crsosotlng business he would
be glad to consider any arrangement
for dividing the work.
Aethma&Bronchitisoured.No paytlll cured Dr.
OordlJU*BuutMiwß,Btflae,ar.KMrn)rta.2r w CttL
scale, and the State will derive extraor
dinary benefits therefrom and business
will improve as a natural consequence.
However, the main reason why I fa
vor the brilliant project is that I would
like to see California display her nat
ural and manufactured products as
often as it is consistent to do so, and
the semi-centennial anniversary of the
admission of this great and mighty
State into the Union is a most appro
priate time to have the exposition.
With the broad, progressive spirit of
our citizens to draw from failure in
WOULD ADVANCE OUR STATE INTERESTS.
I have always been in favor of expositions
such as The Call is exploiting, and certainly see no
reason why I should not be in favor of this one. I
believe that every citizen who desires the advance
ment of our State should realize the benefits to be
attained by holding such an exhibition and should
consequently work unfalteringly in its behalf.
1 would like to see the solid business men take
hold of the project, and take" hold in such, a manner
that there would be no possibility of failure, for
they are interested probably to a greater extent
than anybody else in a proposition of that kind, for
they would feel the effects of the good times that
would naturally follow the holding of such an
exposition. Nor should the fact that the good times
might be only of a temporary nature deter them
from lending their support to the plan, for it is
more than probable that many of the good effects
resulting therefrom could be made lasting and per
manent. The people that the fair would bring to
our State might be so favorably impressed with the
many advantages which it possesses that they
would be induced to settle here for all time. For
there is no doubt that this great and roomy State
is in need of a larger population to feed on its
abundant resources.
Let us have the exposition, then, and count on
me to do all in my feeble power to help the grand
and good work. ISIDORE GUTTE.
connection with this proposed exhibi
tion is an utter impossibility.
WOULD HAVE IT
WELL MANAGED.
Let Us All Join Hands in the
Furtherance of the Excellent
Project.
DANIEL V. KELLY of Kelly &
Liebee— l am most certainly In favor
of the semi-centennial exposition pro-
LENTEN SEASON
HIS OPENED
Services in Catholic and
Episcopal Churches
Yesterday.
Ashes Were Blessed and Put
on the Heads of Devout
Ones.
The Rules and Regulation* for Lent
Issued by His Grace the
Arehbiehop.
Yesterday marked the opening of the
forty days of fasting and prayer known
as the Lenten season. The season
opened with Ash Wednesday, and in
all the Catholic churches masses were
celebrated and ashes were blessed and
put on the foreheads of the devout. In
the Episcopal churches services were
aIBO held at 7:30 a. m. and 10:30 a. m.
and at 4:30 p. m. In the evening a
united service was held at Trinity
.Church, the regular order of evening
prayer being followed, the services be
ing read by the Rev. H. E. Cooke, the
new pastor of Trinity, and the ser
mon preached by Rev. R. C. Foute of
Grace Church.
At St. Luke's there will be services
every day during the season of pen
ance at 9:30 in the morning and 4:30
in the afternoon. It is intended dur
ing the Lenten season to hold union
services each Wednesday evening in
some one of the Episcopal churches.
The pastors of the various churches
in which these services will take place
will have charge; the sermons to be
preached are as follows: March 2, St.
John's, Rev. W. H. Moreland; March
9, Church of the Advent, Rev. Henry
E. Cooke; March 16, St. Luke's, Rev.
E. J. Lion; March 23, St. Paul's, Rev.
Dr. Spaulding. and St. Peter's, Rev. J.
A. Emery; March 30, St. Stephen's,
Rev. M. D. Wilson, and Good Samari
tan Mission, Rev. W. M. Reilly; Grace
Church, Rev. W. I. Kip.
His Grace, Archbishop Riordan,
bl«wed ttxo ashes at the ooac;ujiou of
posed to be held In this city in 1900,
but I would suggest that it be demon
strated beyond the shadow of a doubt
that no failure can attach to the car
rying out of the project. In order to
preclude the possibility of failure in
this connection, the management should
merit the most careful consideration.
I doubt not that money will be forth
coming in large quantities, but let us
look to it there be a man with an ex
ecutive head on his shoulders to di-
rect the destinies of the affair; one
who has the brains, energy and talents
to manage an exposition of the magni
tude that this one Is Intended to be.
After having found a man with the
needful qualifications, and there are
many of that caliber in this city, let
us have no lukewarm workers in the
cause. Let it not be an indifferent ex
hibition, but one bro^d in its scope and
grand in results.
Again, I would like to see the news
papers throughout the State join hands
in the furtherance of the very excellent
idea, and there will be no such word
the last mass said at the cathedral,
and Father Prendergast delivered a
discourse in the evening.
All during Lent there will be serv
ices every Wednesday and Friday even-
Ings at the Catholic churches. The
Calvarlan Society will meet at the ca
thedral every Sunday afternoon, when
the stations of the cross will be said
and an appropriate lecture delivered.
The following regulations for Lent
for the Archdiocese of San Francisco
have been Issued by Archbishop Pat
rick W. Rlordan, and were read in the
various Catholic churches:
Ash Wednesday, the first day of Lent, falls
this year on the 23d of February.
1. All the days of Lent, except Sundays, are
fast days of obligation.
2. All persons under twenty-one years or
over sixty years of age, those who are en
gaged In hard labor, the sick and convalescent
and those who cannot fast without Injury to
their health, are exempt from the obligation of
fasting.
3. All bound to keep the fast shall make
but one full meal a day except on Sundays.
4. The meal permitted on fast days should
be taken about noon.
6. A collation is permitted In the evening.
6. When the principal meal cannot con
veniently be taken about noon the order may
be inverted, so that the collation may be taken
about noon and the dinner in the evening.
7. General usage has made it lawful to take
In the morning a cup of coffee, tea of choco
late, with a small piece of bread.
8. Necessity. and custom have authorized the
use of lard instead of butter in the preparation
of all permitted foods.
9. By dispensation the use of flesh meats
Is permitted at all meals on Sundays and once
a day at the principal meal on Mondays, Tues
days, Thursdays and Saturdays, with the ex
ception of Ember Saturday and the last Satur
day of Lent.
10. Persons exempt from the obligation of
fasting may partake of flesh meat at all meals
on days when the use of meat Is permitted at
the principal meal.
11. Flesh meat and flsh are not to be used
'' ' -!-.-,.-.-:-,;'- ' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
809 Market St., cor. Fourth, 2nd floor Flood B'ld'g* Room 7. '
CONSULTATION FREE.
! \ «tr\&d 6T7ftfi ■ A >^" • FREE-TO DEMONSTRATE OUR pain
£ \WVT V ;/ Ul * ? U&y£ LESS METHODS of EXTRACTION etc wa
Mi A/ a jrWlJia will devote one hour each day to FRPp'Vy
7 N^S VW >NIVV r _ yt^ **//% TRACTION. 10 to 11 a. m. The clinic Is alw^-»
ACk^^^vlfe'^wßß^ . t^l ahead In advanced dental science. No students
n * T *— Tft ',Js* ''.ysgL^*^ For the next thirty days our prices will be:
£' i---^r Wj&'iWL^ , , [ ' " FULL SET OF .TEETH for 14 50 ud
FOP 79&t f&Hr*%& VnTl>. SILVER filling ;; '••• 25c un
/MM Jffik/\\ ~y^* CLEANING TEETH "!!!!.";:":! EO^up
-^ W^r \ extracted p.^/^orSered^ 011^ and: »° CharSe When >k
XrrTllK' JL \(i FILLED --: s Work done as well at ni*ht as by daylight by
; TEETH W CROWN the modern electrical devices US rd her.-. Lady
ILL I n -. Br|d2ewo|% 1"^1 "^' 3 * a »- d^^
WITHOUT PAIN.
: g^Vr 1 DR. T. E. STRONG, •"•WSrSfJSSK'iSSJ'.ftK*
• - . Office Houjrj--9fcnj. to JO.p. Bbi Sundays aton «, , «
as fail in the category of California's
exposition in 1900.
WILL INDUCE
EMIGRATION,
Inevitable Result of an Expo*
sition of the Proposed
Character.
HENRY WILLIAMS, vice-president
of the Safe Deposit, heartily indorsed,
the attitude of The Call in its effort*
to benefit the State, and said he was in
favor of an exposition of this kind,
which would undoubtedly have a ten
dency to stimulate emigration from tha
Eastern cities to the coast and thereby
build up the State.
"Efforts in this direction in the past
have been a signal failure," said tha
banker, "owing to the fact that they
were not managed properly and also
because they were not put on a suffi
ciently large enough scale to attract
and draw people from the interior of
the East.
"I am an old forty-niner," said Mr.
Williams, "and anything of this kind
cannot help but benefit the State and
build up the city both in population
and commercial importance."
CONCEDES ITS
ADVANTAGES.
The Paris Exposition Should Not
Militate Against California
in 1901).
CHARLES H. CROCKER of H. S.
Crocker— l can see no good reason why
anybody should oppose the holding of
an exposition here in 1900, and I do not
anticipate the slightest opposition to
the project. The unparalleled advan
tages to be derived therefrom must be
conceded, and hence there should be
nothing but the most cordial support
from the citizens throughout the State.
Of course, since it is intended to hava
it in this city the people of this com
munity would be expected to- handle
the idea and launch it properly, and
there are many men here who are emi
nently fitted to carry out the plans <>f
a grand exposition and make it the
success that it deserves.
The Paris Exposition should not mil
itate against our local effort, for
enough could be secured in this and the
surrounding States to assure a I«re«
number and variety of exhibits. As far
as visitors are concerned, it is possi
ble that the Paris Exposition will take
away 1000 people from here, 850 of whom
would go anyway, so we should not be
deterred from holding our exhibition
on that score. The project is bound t:Jj^
succeed.
SENATOR PERCY HENDERSON—
I have no doubt that the State
Legislature will willingly make an ap
propriation to assist in carrying out
the proposed exposition in 1900. Every
one realizes the great good such an
exposition would prove to the entire
Pacific Slope. We have been entirely
too slow in advertising our wonderful
products and resources. An exposi
tion on the lines suggested by The Call
would undoubtedly prove of lasting
benefit to California and our neighbor
ing States.
at the same meal during Lent, even on Sun
days.
12. The use of butter, cheese, milk and eggs
is permitted every day in Lent.
IS. By virtue of an indult granted by the
Holy See. March 15, 189S, worklngmen and
their families are allowed the use of flesh
meat once a day on all the fast and abstinence
days throughout the year, with the exception
of all Fridays, Ash Wednesday, the Wednes
day and Saturday of Holy Week and the Vigil
of Christmas. Those who are exempt from the
obligation of fasting are permitted to use meat
more than once a day on all days except those
before mentioned, namely, Fridays, Ash
Wednesday, the Wednesday and Saturday of
Holy Week and the Vigil of Christmas. Those
who avail themselves of this indult are not
permitted to use flesh meat and fish at the
same meal and are earnestly exhorted to per
form some other act of mortification, such as
abstinence from intoxicating liquors.
14. The Paschal time extends from the first
Sunday of Lent until Trinity Sunday, Inclusive,
during which time all Catholics who have at
tained the proper age are bound to receive
holy communion worthily.
15. To afford the faithful opportunities of
gaining the graces of the Lenten season it In
hereby ordered that in addition to the usual
Sunday devotions Lenten exercises be held on
two evenings of each week In all the churches
of the Archdiocese to which are attached resi
dent pastors. On one of the evenings an in
struction is to be given, on the other the sta
tions of the cross, and permission Is hereby
given for benediction of the blessed sacrament
on both evenings.
16. The faithful are reminded that besides the
obligation of fasting imposed by the church
the season of Lent should be In a very special
manner of time of earnest prayer, of sorrow
for sin, of abstention from amusements, which
not sinful In themselves are permitted during
other portions of the year, and of generous
almsgiving to the .poor.
17. To comply with the decree of. the Third
Plenary Council of Baltimore a collection will
be taken up on the first Sunday of Lent at all
the masses and at vespers for the mission*
among the Indians and negroes.
PATRICK W. RIORDAN,
• Arclibishup of San Francisco.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street •SUTRO'S
ESTATE
APPRAISED
U Is Considered to Be
Worth Nearly
$3,000,000.
The Amount of Real
Estate Sutro Owned
Was Enormous.
Outside Lands and San Miguel
Rancho the Principal City
Realty.
BUT $473 SO IN THE BANK.
butro Heights Cliff House, and Bath
Property Worth S7BO.OOO—Per
sonal Property.
An itemized appraisement of the es
tate of Ado-lph Sutro, the millionaire
philanthropist, declared by Judge
Belcher to be incapable of managing
his vast interests, was filed in the
County Clerk's office about 4 p. m. yes
terday by David Rich, Thomas Magee
and Colonel Little, who were appointed
appraist-rs of the estate by order of
court. They place the total value of
the estate at $2,849,572 10. The apprais
ers' fee is $2250. The appraisement re
quired 130 pages of typewriting.
One of the most peculiar facts in con
nection with the appraisement was the
discovery that, despite the vast landed
interests of the ex-Mayor, his cash ac
count in the bank amounted to only
4473 50.
In the itemized statement the old
house and lot on the northwest corner
of Hayes and Fillmo-re streets were ap
praised at $35,000.
The only downtown piece of property
owned by the millionaire is on the
southeast corner of Jackson and Bat
tt-ry streets. On this parcel are vari
ous old improvements. The whole is
declared to be worth $30,000.
It is seen by the appraisement that
by far the greater part of the estate
consists of blocks of land known as
outside lands, situated north and south
<>f the park, and acreage property in
what is called the San Miguel Rancho.
There art- 136 Mocks, whole and frac
tional, in the outside lands, valued at
9631,590. This includes also the library
blo-ck close to the Affiliated Colleges'
site, valued at $20,000. The Byfield
tract, lands near the San Miguel
Rancho, is deemed worth the sum of
$12,000. The Park Lane tract is esti
mated to be worth $35,825. The San
Miguel Kancho contains about 1040
and is valued at $T53,~50.
The Sutro Heights property comes in
for an estimate of $150,000.
Ocean Shore lands and the Miles D. i
Sweeney property, near the Cemetery
Reservation, are estimated to be worth
$45,254.
f The Sutro- Baths, Cliff House and
* 'jcean Terrace property of about thir
ty-nine acres are appraised at $600,
000. Other ocean shore lands in the vi
cinity of Forty-eighth avenue, about
five acres, are valued at $6933. Certain
blocks in the Lakeview district* are
valued at $5500. This ends the list of
real estate in San Francisco.
Blocks of land in the De Wolf tract,
Brooklyn Township, Alameda County,
are computed to be worth $9300. Land
near Colma Station. San Mateo Coun
ty, [s valued at $20,000. In Xapa Coun
ty country lands knows as the Arcadia
ranch are given a valuation of $9000.
This ends the entire list, city and coun
try, of Sutro's real estate.
The first item of personal property
furnished is 21,310 shares of stock in the
Sutro Railway Company, valued at
$320,000.
k in the Sutro Bros.' Braid Com
pany of New York is valued at $7000.
Personal property at Sutro Heights.
Sutro Baths, Cliff House and vicinity is
estimated as worth $26,500. Personal
property at the San Miguel Ranchoand
the Arcadia Ranch is valued at $700.
Personal property in the Montgomery
Block, where the ex-Mayor had his
downtown offices, is decided to be
worth $250.
The library at 107 Battery street is
dered wr.rth* $100,000. This is far
bolow the value placed on it by other
authorities heretofore. Some have
thought it worth $250,000.
Under the head of bills receivable,
notes of the Sutro Railroad Company,
with interest, when added together, are
valued at $76,669 98. Notes secured by
mortgages are given as amounting to
$21,844 40, and cash in bank as $473 50.
Sundry debtors on the book accounts
owe the sum of $450. All these items
A SIX-YEAR-OLD "FIEND."
A Little Boy Who Gathers and Smokes Cigar
ette Stun)ps.
Frankie Shea is only si^ years of age, but he has the misfortune to
be a cigarette fiend. He lives with his mr/ther at 134% Seventh street,
but she and his grandmother profess to know nothing about his fail
ing, although it is apparent to the casual observer. Frankie satiates
his appetite by picking up cigarette "snipes" on Market street and
smoking them. Monday night about seven o'clock Policemen Lynch
and Beamer observed him picking up "snipes" on Market street near
Fifth. They watched him for a few minutes and then they went up
to him and questioned him. He said he was picking up the "snipes"
for his uncle, William Farley, and when searched a bagful was
found in his pocket.
The officers took him to Captain Spillane, and to the captain after
sb-qic fencing he admitted that he smoked the "snipes" himself. The
captain placed him in charge of the matron at the City Prison and I
sent the officers to notify his mother. The boy was later taken home i
by his uncle. '
"I never saw a sight like it," said Captain Spillane yesterday. "The !
; mell of nicotine that came out of the boy's body was sickening. He i
seemed a slave, young as he was, to the filthy habit of cigarette smok- I
ing, and if something is not done quickly to wean him from the habit <
he will soon be a physical and mental wreck. The mother is a hard f
working woman and is seldom at home. The father has left his wife (
and the boy is left to the care of his grandmother. One of the societies. (
should take charge of the boy and save him from an early grave." I
When inquiries were made at the house yesterday the grandmother )
and the boy's aunt denied that they had ever seen him smoking, but <
admitted that he collected "snipes' like other boys, as they put It. <
m
of city and country realty, with im
provements and of personal property,
make a grand total of $2,549,572 10.
MIDWEEK NOTES OF
MUSIC AND DRAMA
Coining Comic Opera Revivals — The
Bostonians in "Robin Hood"
and the Tivoli's "Geisha."
The Bostonians In "The Serenade" con
tinue to crowd the Baldwin. "Robin
Hood" will be revived next week. The
sale of seats commences this morning and
there will be a very long line in waiting.
"The Vice Admiral," one of the most
delightful of German comic operas, will
piny out the week at the Tivoli. Then
comes a revival of "The Geisha," the
most successful musical comedy that has
been written since the palmy days of
Gilbert and Sullivan.
This is the programme for the sym
phony concert to be given at the Tivoli
this afternoon: Beethoven's "Coriolanus"
overture, Moszkowski's symphonic suite,
"Joan of Arc," Saint-Saens" "Rouet
d'Omphale" and Wotan's "Farewell,"
and the fire magic from "Die Walkure.'
"Charley's Aunt" will close three suc
cessful weeks at the Alcazar on Sunday
night. Monday will see a presentation of
"False Shame," a piece in which the
older theatergoers will associate with the
memory of Harry Montague, Clara Mor
ris and* Fanny Devenport.
Milt Johnson, the champion cake-pedes
trian of the Pacific Coast, will match his
graces against those of Black Patti's
Troubadours during the rest of the en
gagement at the California. The contest
will be for the world's championship and
a gold medal.
Morocco is doing a big business with
"The Last Stroke," having brought that
melodrama up to the minute by calling
the ill-fated battleship the Maine.
The Orpheum offers five taking novelties
this week as well as several of the fa
vorite turns of last week's bill.
Monday commences Chiquita's last week
at the Chutes.
Marie Wainwright in "Shall We For
grive Her?" continues the rest of this
week and all of next at the Columbia.
A WAR OF RACES.
Trouble Between Local Croa
tian and Servian
Journalists.
Editorial Amenities Which End in
Bloody Nose and Discolored
Eye.
Visitors to the office of HRVATSKA
SLOGA, "the first and only Croatian
newspaper on the Pacific Coast," were
greeted yesterday with the simple but
Impressive written announcement:
The Editor Cannot Be Seen To-Day.
There are some wjcked enough to say
that the announcement, while more de
pressing, would be more truthful if It
gave to the world the fact that "the ed
itor could not see to-day."
Inquiries at the office as to the reason
why Editor L. W f Piskullch could "not
be seen," met with the response, "he left
on the early morning boat for Stockton."
Then the unsympathetic again come to
the fore and say that the asylum at
Stockton would prove a far more safe
rpxeat than the office of the Hrvatska
Ss>ga if Editor Piskulich is not more
guarded in his writings.
To make a short story of one that might
be extended over several columns, Editor
Piskulich, from all accounts, is suffering
from the effects of coming into too close
contact with the lists of Christopher Rad
ulovich, who as a member of the Servian
Literary Club is Interested in the publica
tion of Sloboda, a newspaper representing
the local Servian colony. Radulovich was
never employed on the Hmallpox quaran
tine rag of Mission street, and conse
quently believes that character is a sa
cred thing.
When he read In the Hrvatska Sloga
a few days ago that he had been tell
ing untruths concerning the death of
Samuel Martenovich, who was found dead
in the New Europe House with the gas
turned on in the room, he decided to in
terview Editor Piskulich. He was anxious
to know on what ground he had been held
up to the world as a plain, common, or
dinary liar. On his Invitation two friends
accompanied him to the office of Hrvatska
Sloga at G2B Montgomery street, room 12.
Monday afternoon to hear the editor's ex
planation. Piskulich said that he was too
busy to discuss such a trivHU affair at the
time. Radulovich said that he was also
busy, but thought that the necessary ex
planation would not require more than
two or three minutes' time.
Pipkulich finally consented to the Inter
view with a three-foot counter between
him and the interviewer. Editor Pisku
lich proved an able dodger of direct ques
tions, but showed a lack of pugilistic
training in the line of dodging two swift
punches aimed at his face. Piskulich
made hasty retreat, and in so doing re
moved a section of the glass framework
around the subscription part of the of
fice. Radulo\'ich rojolned his friends and
went his way rejoicing, while the editor
Instructed the manager of the paper to
draw up the announcement: "The editor
cannot be seen to-day."
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
Did Not Commit Suicide.
H. N. Jaudin, guardian of Mrs. Annette
Schwab, who met her death last Satur
day from fire, is desirous of correcting
the impression that the old lady com
mitted suicide. He states that the ca
tastrophe was purely accidental, Mrs.
Schwab not being able to understand the
risk she ran in lighting a fire in the room
in question.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
"Bill" Lange is recovering from a slight
attack of pneumonia that has kept him
indoors during the past week and his nu
merous friends are rejoicing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1893.
HER HEART IN HAVANA.
Whu the Talented Actress Has an Ab
sorbing Interest In the War
Rumors.
MARIE WAINWRIGHT, Whose Beloved Dead Made
Historu,
If there is one woman to-day in San Francisco who is thoroughly worked
up over the Maine disaster and the possibility of war with Spain,, that
woman is Marie Wainwright, the actress. She not only reads everything
connected with the matter that appears in both the morning and evening
papers, but keeps herself posted from hour to hour on the new develop
ments that are being constantly bulletined.
The reason of Miss Wainwright's unusual interest is a patriotism that is
fed and warmed by family traditions that have been handed down to her
from a long line of distinguished naval ancestry. She has already been de
prived of a father and a brother by naval warfare, and this last great
disaster happened to a vessel on which a first cousin. Lieutenant Comman
der Richard Wainwright, was executive officer.
Miss Wainwright's father was Commander *Wainwripht of the navy, who
was killed In action at Galveston, Tex., while fighting his ship, the Harriet
Lane; her brother. Lieutenant J. M. Wainwright, was killed by pirates off
the coast of Mazatlan some fourteen or sixteen years ago while serving
on the Mohican under Captain Low, and her only remaining brother, R. P.
P. Wainwright, Is at present stationed at Fort Sheridan with the First
Cavalry, of which he is senior captain, expecting daily to receive orders
that will send him to the front, maybe to share the fate of his father and
brother.
"I hate to contemplate war," said Miss Wainwright. "ft has already de
prived me of my father and one brother, and now, just as I have received
news of my cousin's almost miraculous escape from death, I learn that
another brother may be at any moment sent to join his father.
"It is a terrible thing to see one's whole family thus wiped out. Yet, if
the honor of our flag demanded it I would be willing to make the sacrifice,
even though it should include my own life with the rest.
"I understand the Mohican is now In this harbor. I shall certainly
visit her, as my brother died on her decks, and the vessel is a sacred thing
to me."
HE ACCEPTS
THE INVITATION
Secretary Wilson Will Be
the State Board's
Guest.
He Writes That President Mc-
Kinley May Accompany
Him^Here.
Governor Budd by Request Will
Invite the Nation's Chief
Executive.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson will
visit California in the early summer,
and it is most probable that he will be
accompanied by President McKinley.
It will be remembered that at the last
meeting of the State Board of Trade a
motion was passed instructing the
secretary, J. A. Filcher, to invite- the
Secretary of Agriculture to visit the
State as the guest of the board, and he
was also instructed to write Governor
Budd and request that he invite Presi
dent McKinley. This the secretary did,
and yesterday he was in receipt of the
following letters that explain them
selves:
Feb. 16. IS9B.
J. A. Filcher, Esr|., Secretary California
Board of Trade. San Francisco. Cal.— My
Dear Sir: Your favor of the 10th instant, j
extending me an invitation to visit Cali- j
fornia and be the guest of the State
Board of Trade, is received and very
highly appreciated. I huve in mind such
a trip, just as soon as I can get away
from my duties here in the early summer.
The President has said something of visit
ing California and it would be pleasant to
go with him, of course, but if it is not
I convenient for him to go at that time I
•shall certainly try to learn my duty
toward your State without "waiting for the
pleasure of his company. Very truly
yours, JAMES WILSON, Secretary.
Feb. 18, 1898.
Hon. J. A. Filcher, Secretary of the
State Board of Trade— Sir: I have the
honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication of February 10 to Gover
nor Budd. and he Instructs me to say
that he will be much pleased to comply
with your request and invite President
McKinley to California. Yours respect
fully, J. M. TODMAN,
Executive Secretary.
It is the purpose of the State Board
to provide special features and trips for
the entertainment of the two dis
tinguished visitors. Secretary Wilson
will probably be here some time, and
during his stay he will visit many por
tions of the State.
The fao-simile sHjP'*- *ss& mm ~sz^ is on . every : wra PP«* .
signature of (&</Zs&£^ ' of CASTO&IA,
REASON OF
THE DELAYS
Why the Hall of Justice
Has Not Been Com
pleted.
Supervisors Fix the Responsi
bility on Contractor
J. J. Raver.
Bateman Bros. Are Allowed Until
October 1 Next to Finish Their
Work.
The responsibility for the delay in
the construction of the Hall of Justice
was fixed by the Public Buildings
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
in a communication that was addressed
to the Grand Jury yesterday. In re
sponse to a request from the Grand
Jury the committee stated that Bate
man Bros., the contractors, were not
wholly responsible for the slow pro
gress made In the erection of the build-
Ing, but that J. J. Raver, who had
taken the contract for* removing the
old City Hall, was the most culpable.
The committee admitted that it was
true that the original contract called
for the building to be turned over to
the city by October 1, 1897, but that
the matter rested on the contract let
to Raver to raze the old building and
remove the foundation.
It was stated that owing to the care
less and defective manner in which the
removal work had been done, Bate
man Bros, were not able to begin their
work until March, 1897. Since that
time the work has been pushed and
serious obstacles overcome, as much
progress being made as could be ex
pected under the circumstances.
The matter came up before the com
mittee yesterday on an application
from Bateman Bros, that they be al
lowed until October 1, 1898, to finish
their contract. A number of prop
erty owners represented by Attorney
Shadburne appeared before the com
mittee and protested vigorously against
the extension.
Attorney Shadburne contended that
the Board of Supervisors had been too
lenient in the matter of extensions of
time on the contract, and that the in
terest of property owners in the vicin
ity of the Hall of Justice demanded
that the building should be finished at
the earliest time possible.
The committee decided, however, that
the excuse of the contractors was good
and ordered the clerk of the board to
prepare the following resolution to be
acted upon at the next meeting of the
board.
Resolved, That Bateman Bros, be and
are hereby granted an extension of time
to October 1 to complete their contract
for the erection of buildings on the site
of the old City Hall and the present
Morgue.
WILL BUN ELECTRIC CARS.
The Steam Bailroad Track South
of Golden Gate Park to Be
Transformed.
The Market-street Railroad Company
has in contemplation the transforming of
the Ocean Beach steam line, which runs
along the south side of Golden Gate Park
to the ocean, into an electric line. At
present the company has a gang of men
at work tearing up the old conduit on the
Oak-street track and also such rails as
are not now in use. When this work is
done the men will be set to w.ork on the
bed of the steam road.
A similar transformation will be made
of the steam branch on the northern side,
where the cable cars now connect with
the steam line at Central avenue and
California street.
This branch of the company's service
has been an eyesore to the Richmond
people for quite a length of time, and as
the franchise on California street, from
Central to First avenue, will expire in
a few months the residents of this district
will oppose a renewal unless the company
agrees to substitute for steam power
either cable or electric.
Customs Cases Decided.
The general appraisers of goods passing
through the Custom-house have made several
decisions lately which, until passed upon by
the Secretary of the Treasury, will hold good.
But while there is stability in that quarter,
no system failing in strength can be properly
sustained without the aid of Hostetter's Stom
ach Bitters, a genial tonic and remedy for
malaria, rheumatism, dyspepsia, constipation
and biliousness.
AUCTION
YON RHEIN & CO.,
636 MARKET STREET,
THIS r>fW,
THURSDAY, FEB. 24 at 12 H, Sharp
MARKET-ST. BARGAIN.
S."xl2o— Corner Market £t. and Rose aye.,
55 feet on Page; near junction Hayes, Frank-
lin, Gough, McAllister. Valencia and Potter,
property with a great future.
PACIFIC-BTOREB AND DWELLINGS ; RENTS $48;
WILL SELL IN 1 OR 3 PIECEB.
46x60—2 fronts; 1208 and 1210 Pacific, 2 stores.
23x60—107 Barnard, in rear of above; cottage
and stable.
POBT, WEST OF FRANKLIN.
26x120—1304 Post. 54 feet west from Franklin;
2-story dwelling; 9 rooms and bath.
TURK, WEST OF PIERCE.
45x137:6—1610 Turk, sunny side: street accept-
ed; 2-story basement house; 8 rooms and bath.
MASON, BETWEEN GREEN AND UNION.
34:4M>x1?,7:6— 1709 Mason, west line. 68:9 feet
north of Green; referee sale without limit.
HOWARD BT.— STORES AND FLATS.
27x85—2705-2707 Howard, south of Twenty-
third; store and 4 rooms and bath; 2 flats, 6
and 7 rooms and bath.
4 LOTS, DAME & WHITNEY, SOUTH OF 30th.
2 lots, each 25x125— West line of Dame. 125
feet south of Thirtieth: 2 lots, each 25x125—
East line of Whitney, 225 feet south of Thir-
tieth St.
GREEN, NEAR DUPONT ; RENTS $77.
16:6x137:6—423 Green and 14 Pollard place v 3
new bay-window flats, with basement suitable
for business.
20th ST.— 7 BAT-WINDOWS— SIOOO CASH.
25x52:6 — U72 Twentieth »t., east of Castro; 11
rooms and bath; 7 bay windows; all modern
conveniences; $1000 cash; remainder to suit
buyer.
HERMANN ST.-LOT EABT OF FILLMORE.
15x120 — North line of Hermann, through to
Germania, 103:6 feet east of Fillmore; a splen-
did bargain.
8 LOTB-BTEVENBON, NORTH OF lith.
95x75— West line of Stevenson, 70 feet north
of Fourteenth; In lots to suit: also 4 lots, each
16x66, east line of Stevenson, 120 north of Four-
teenth — a great bargain.
4 CHURCH-ST. LOTS.
4 lots, each 25x100— Bast line of Church. 51:6
jiorth of Twenty-sixth; Church street will bo
an important business street.
KLONDIKE
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
GAIL BORDER
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Hlehe?t reputation for keeping qual-
ity . nence, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
BASIL H. PAUL'S
POSITIVELY LAST
CLEARING-OUT SALE
AUCTION
OF
Genuine OIIOQ
Oriental nUUd,
CARPETS, PORTIERES, Etc.,
TO-DAY and TO-MORROW, Feb. 24 & 25,
' AT 2 P. M. DAILY.'. V ;
AT 116 SUTTER STREET,
Between Kearny and Montgomery. ':•
His collection of rugs stands i without rival.
His auction snle Is peremptory and ■, sertufne.
All will be sold out > before . ho , leaves the . city.
!No ruK lover can afford to miss till opportu-
nity met ' FRANK ••BUTTEnFIELD,-i.:v?
■ '. . • - . " • * ■ Auctioneer. .-.
• — ~ —■ — ' , ■.—. — - — ~rr,
00 000000 o o o o 0000 oo
Otme PALACE *7P °
O V" '■'" M^jn *•**"*■ T><^^ O
%CRAND H s %
2 %L% L SAN FRANCISCO. . 5
*^ "Connected by a covered' passageway. . " ]
®. 1400 Rooms.' 900 With Bath Attached) ©
© : : all : I'ndeh i One Management. ' ©
O NOTE THE REDUCED PRIDES: ©
©European Plan. Bl . oo per day and upward _
American Pian.»3.oo porday and upward , V
O '■ ":•* Correspondence Solicited. ': . '"' O
0 - JOHN C. KIRKPATRICS, Manager. . . q
0 6 0 66 66 0000 o 00 00 0 o
WOfS DR - HALL ' S MINVIGORATOR
nSfrT^wiS'9 F ive hundred reward for any cas«
H9S BoS-vc cannot cure. This secret remedy
: SDR. i all losses -, in ■24 s hours, cures
Five hundred reward for any cas«
WZ cannot cure. Thle secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
Hers! HbH Emissions. Impotency, Varlcocele,
HUH Utlj 'Jonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
Uniil lilai|L°st Manhood- and all, wasting ef-
SH fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
BSRStSSi ppaleti J2 bottle; 3 bottles,' J5; guar
anteed to cure. 'Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-;
' STITUTE, 866 1 Broadway, Oakland, > CaL W Also
1 for • sale at : 1073% Market ; st. . S. F. -* All > pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send tor free book.
•,, ,  . i v,' v ;, 5 •*■. r--' ..-•:; ,t .-.•,:.;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jsffif '**jzgj^ rik iiJ *4? /3m^i^HT/ * *
mi I \\\^ 2^JS?«gSsk4 l 8 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
■W"E MAKE L^ElsT
STRENGTH VITALITY . MANHOOD
. in TWO TO ten days .
Weak and Impotent men can secure- healthy, vigorous strength, vitality and develop-
ment In from two to ten days. by, the use of Dr. Archambaulfs Wonderful PARIS
VITAL SPARKS. In ninety per cent of the cases the results are permanent and last-
ing. They cure varicocele, restore lost power, give wonderful vigor and strength to
man or woman, build . up quickly the weak, nervous, broken-down system. I A FOOD
for nerves, brain and muscle. At last a remedy that Is beneficial to all and that acts
on the organs. as rapidly as a cathartic acts on' the bowels. Always effectual. Never
falls. Results permanent; ■' .• ..-.* ;
* DR. ARCHAMBAULT'S PARIS VITAL SPARKS !
act at once, and their continued use for a few days builds a man or -woman, up won-
derfully. The medicine is a -scientific French preparation, perfectly safe to use — can-
not possibly injure you. If you are saying to yourself, "I wish I .were dead." then
there Is something wrong with the inner man; you are morbid, melancholy, un-
healthy, and it is your duty to yourself and family to brace up and take PARIS
* ITAL SPARKS.
Price &Zt OO PER 100 rirkc^c a full month's
rl IV 1 C <POiUU PACKAGE lUU UOhCb.. TREATMENT. ,
| SPECIAL OFFER: 48 CENTS. • |
To ■ inspire confidence in our' remedies we will mall,' closely sealed, ' a regular full
month' treatment, 100 doses, $3 package, of PARIS VITAL SPARKS for 48 lc stamps.
This entire offer is an honest one from start to finish. No deception, means ex-
actly what it says and is made by a responsible and wealthy medical company, who
believe in doing as they would like to be done by, and who can refer to the leading
and largest banks at home and all newspapers In which this advertisement appears. -
o'i You cannot get something for nothing. Avoid all so-called, free cures. No one "an
pay for advertising medicines and live and cure you free. Every offer of this kind
is a trap. When discouraged try our PARIS VITAL SPARKS. Our offer gives you
Three Dollars' good value, if in need of treatment, for only 48 cents. We make no
money when we send a full month's treatment, one hundred doses, a' three-dollar pack-
age, for only 4S one-cent stamps; but our Paris Vital Sparks are so reliable so effec-
tual, that we always make many other customers at full prices through your certain
cure. • .- •. ■ > . .
Just as soon as you commence to take PARIS VITAL SPARKS, just so soon will
you commence to feel yourself a man made over. Why not try to-day or at least cut
this out? • ' - . .
V A SECOND YOUTH WILL COME AGAIN TO YOU.
NO C. O. D. PACKAGES OR .DECEPTIVE CIRCULARS CALLING FOR MORE
MONEY, BUT THE ACTUAL MEDICINE SENT, WITH FULL DIRECTIONS I\-
CLUDING A VALUABLE MEDICAL PAPER. ALL SENT SECURELY SEALED
FREE FROM OBSERVATION. ALL CHARGES PREPAID TO THE U. S. Or' CAN-
ADA.
Failing Vigor in Case* Past Forty Our Great Specialty. •-'■"-?
"SINCERITY in speaking as they think, believing as they pretend acting as they
profess, performing as they promise, and being as they appear to-be ■ This is what
Dr. Archambault Co. always does."— Post. Write to-day. Don't delay. Address
plainly. * ■ ' ;. ■ ■ ■
The DR. ARCHAMBAULT CO,, _ -
71 Pemberton Square, Boston Mass.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•OtTHBBIf I'AC'IFIC COM VAX*.
: ....-.- (l-ACIPIO SVHTKM.)
Train* leave »■■«! nre iliiv to :»rrl»* m*
WAN I It AN «'IN«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) *
leave — Fhom January 1, 1898. — abihtm
"•6:00a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations.;. •8:43 a
. 7:OO a. Bonicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a ■
7:OOa Marysville, Oroville and Redding via
Woodland 5t43p
7:00 a Vacaville anil Uum5cy. . ... ......... Bi4sp
7:30 a Martinez, Saullamon. Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa.. oilsp
B>ooa Atlantic Kxpresa, Og<lcn and Kast.. B:4.*p i
»j:»«A Niles, San .lose, .Stock ton, lone.
Sacramento. MaryßTille, Chico,
Tehama and Ream nit 4ilsr I
•B:3Oa Peters, MlHon autl Oakdale '7:18p j
ViOUa New Orleans Rxprecs, Merced, Ray-
mond, l'rcsno, l>akersliol<l. Santa.
■ ' t . '-•liiurlnra. : l.os Angole*,- Kerning, -
El Paso, Now Orleans and K;iat. 6i43p
9:00 a Valli jo. Martinez, -^ Meroed and •:•'•
Fre5n0;........ 18:18p i
.' "I:OOp Sacramonto River 5t0nmcr5.......... ,*O:OOp
K-OOr NiUs. San Joso and Way Stations. , {9: I Oa
1 Martinez and Way Stations.... 7:43p
1S:OOp Livennoro, Mcndota, Uanford and .. ■ - '
Visalia 4:I8v
....... Llverasoro, San Jose, Niles and Way
5tati0n5.......;... ....."...".-. {WOO*
4i»or Mnrtine,:, San Ramon, Vallejo, , ,
Napa, Callstogo, ICI TenMto and
- ,?< -.:.-.: :• Smite R05a.....' »ilBu
4iO«p ßenicia, Vacaville, Woodland, ...
4j. Knielits Lnndins, HarysviUe, Oro-
v ' vlllo and 8acrninent0.. ........... I«t«A
4 iSOp Niles, Son Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7il
• 4i3or Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda, . . ■ :
Fresco. Slojavo (for llar.dsburg),
Santa lSorlioraond J.os Augolcs.. ' 7i45a
4::s«i" Hatittv I'd ltciito. Atlantic Impress
forMojiirc ami Ka5t....... «:43p
. %3:30p " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, 31 .
Paso, Fort Worth, Little liock, St.
Louis, Chicago and Ea3t 810:13 a
UtitZor " SucEct Limited Annex," El Paso.
New OiKans and East {I0:I3a ,
6:0»r Knropeiui Mail, Ogdnn and East.... . 9:43 a
6tooi>llity»ariK NIK-s and Han Jose 7:43 a :
t»j««p Vallejo.. ;.........;............ t7:43r .
•i<H»f Oregon Xxi»< > HB,.Sucrunieuto, Alorys-
vi I it-. - Kf.liiiii(j, l'i'itliiiiti, I'nyct
■■ ■ Sonnilanil Kitst ..............'....■ 8:13 A |
' SAN IitOAM>U(» AMI lIAVU AIU>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) !
"TmHoOaT"" ■■•■■- '■■■- ( 7:liU
8:0»a Melrosc, Seminary Park, : 15 A
0:00 a - .. ■■,-.,■ 1 -»--... :: X £s&
loiooA .Fitelil»«rg,Klmlißrst, umj«
tl 1:OOa San LMii.lro, South S«m 1 ? ! 15 I>
I 1 *0 9" I,eandro, lit-dillo, \ll\i*l
<3:6o'p . Lorenzo, Cherry • 'I* 45 *
4:00p . ti>:43p
B:OOP - and. j 0:13p
5:30p HajTTmr.ls. '! 2 :^ p
7:«0p , 8:41 V
8:OOp I -Runs through to Nilei. ' ! fS P
tti!;^ tFw " au "- • ■ ittlSioSr
. COAST lIIVIKIO.N -(.Narrow Hang«).
-■■; (Foot of Market Street.) -
■iil3a Ne\T:ult,CoiiU;ivillc,.S.in.loso,l i 'elton,
j.-"", -, :■.;• •,',■ llonlderOreek, Santa Crius and Way -'
: Stations .. ....*-.•....'...•.;.... ..... •»••*
•ai»p Newark, UenterTillp, San Jose, New ' - .
Ainiailcn, Fcltoii, llouUler Creek, '.''•;,'
- Santa Cruz and Principal Way •
5Uti01i5....:........... ........... »1 •iB»*
41t13i- Newark, Sim .loso and Los Gates ... »»80*
f11:45p Hunters' Excursion, Sao Jose and ■-..-. .-.^.
Way Stations i..- t7"gOr j
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prom SAD fRiIICISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7-15 9:00 H.-OOa.m. J1:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 -46:00 . *6:00r.M. .t . ■. .
?r«mO»SUSD— Of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m. :
. J12:00 . »l:00 ! . ta:OO^ »3:00 ; $i:00 ■ *5:00f .*. I
COAST IM VISION (Broad Gaoge). ~~"
.-■:"• ■ (Third and Townsend Sts.)
•:53a Han .lose ami Way Stations (New ■■-■-
' .?■--,;• Alinadcn Wednesdays only) ' 6i53a ■
0:0** Han .1 (<■;■:, Ties VI nod, H:.nU I'm/,
Pacilic tirove. Paso llobles, 8.111 .1.
] nils (»>i»i<i>. GuMlalnpo, Surf and •
Principal Way SUtinus...,- , 4:15p !
1O:4OA San .lose and Wny .Stations *S:OOa
11:30 a San Jose ami Way Stations. 8:33 a
*3:3»rBan Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park, • ;
Santa Clara, San .lose, Gilvoy, .
. Hollister, - Santa Cruz, , Salinas,
Monterey nml l'ucilic < :rove »lOi4oa
•3>lsr San Joso ami Principal Way Stations' »9:00 a ■
•4»19p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0«45a
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations ■•' l:»Op
3:8 Or Rim Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:30r 1
•iltOi* Son Jose ami Stations - 7:S0»
111:451- San Jose ami Way Stations 7:aor
; A for Morning. .■-. .'-■-. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays oxcepted. . X Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
' :It Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
if Mondays and Thursdays.- v • .
._ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. ' ■ _ ■
»-■..•■ - ■ :■-■„'■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will run aa
follows :
Southbound. Northbound.
Passen- Mixed ,„,,... Mixed Pas»oa-
rer Sunday &l8 " 0n3 - Sunday g<*v
Daily. Kxc'p'td Exc'p'td Dally.
7:80 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 pitnT
8:10 a.m. 12:a0 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. :s:SR p.m
JC:4oa.m. ;<:SO p.m. Fresno J:3o:i.m. 2:20 p. ra
11:40 a.m. b:W p.m. Hanford .:46 a.m. 1:15 p.m'
l:':ljp.ui. 0:45 p.m. Visaiia C:4U a.m. 12.10 p.m
Stopping: at intermediate po lnis wneu required
Connections— At Btocktt.n with steamboats o£
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 8 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterville, etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos. Marlposa, etc.;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Mailers.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via SJausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, 1897:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOS. COOK * SON. A«ebti. 621 Market
gtreet. Sac Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FfiANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tifauron Ferry, Foot oi Market St.
' SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:15,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra . trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:S«
and 11:30 p. m. :- ?>-, -.--•-
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. »M,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. •' '
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. no.:
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. '
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . ,
v Leave- . ■ ;•■»„ -W-W.V-'- Arrive ~
fan Frauclsco. <>t 2i" San Fran c l
Week I Sun- nPßt^atlon Sun- ! Wee*'
_Days. -t days. - DeBtinaUon daye. I daya.
7:80 a.m. 8 :00 a.m. Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
a :30p.m. :»:aoa.m. Petaluma. | :10p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. s:oUp.m.! Santa Rosa. ; 7:35 p.m.! 6:22 p.m.
Fulton,
7^oa.m. Windsor, • 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
 . ; ■ '- :• Lytton.
Geyserviile,
8:30 p.m. iS:oOa.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
~j .. lHopland and!
7 :80 a.m. 1 8 00a.m. I Uklah. : | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
T:£oa.m. ] 1 10:25 a.m.
18 :00 a.m. Guernevllle. ! 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. ! ... i . I > 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
7:30a.m.18:00a.m.l Rot , M , />nnl 1 10 :40 a.m. 110 :25 a.m.
3:50p.m.!5:00p.m.f SeoaatcpoL [ 7 :35 p.m. | 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark Wast
Springs ; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for . the Geysers ; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake,, Upper Lake, Porno,' Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Boonville,
Orr's Hot Springs, Hendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal. ■•■?;.--. -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . • ■ ■ • ; . . - ■;
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronlcl*
building. - - ■ ■'
A. W. FOSTER, .: R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Masagar. Gen. Pass. Aft.
mim _ II CALIFORNIA
PPfff^lw LIMITED.
HmMRH I san FRANCISCO
II CHICAGO.
Leaves ' San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. ...
DINING CAR,
BUFFET. SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
8% days , to Chicago, . i\i days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS t
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Fullmaa .
Palace and | Pullman ; Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. - Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. . . . .
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, ' 644 Market
street. Chronicle : building, Telephone Mala
1620. ■ Oakland office, - 1113 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. : San - Jose, ■7 . West
Santa Clara street. ■; , . ■ ■ ■ - -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
■ •.'.; Via Sausalito Ferry. ,
From San Francisco, Commencing September
;; . t * ■ -r 19, 1897. -'■ .
» WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— '7:2s. •3:30. ,
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45, »5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra- trips ■ for . San ■.; Rafael on Mondays,
'■ Wednesdays and Saturdays at ,11:30 p. m. - , '
■ = ■!, -■•- SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 'B:oo, , •10;0«t-
•11:30 a. m. ; »1:15, 3:00, »4:30, 6:05. p. m. .
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. '
.... THROUGH TRAINS. -
7:25 a, m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
' Duncan ■ Mills - and way stations; -8:00 a. m. :
- (Sundays for, Point Reyes and way stations.- \
V^^^BSt^^ftfi.tt Big « is a non-Foisonoo»
t^JmSm&f^^t^Zjm remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorr ho?a,
aBBt 'n Ito 5 iUtj.^B Whites, unnatural din-
MmM Oaarantecd ■ charges, or any inflanima-
fS] Lot to Mrieture. tiou, irritation or ulcera-
jn ■'flPrcTtnU eonugioo. tion of mucous niem-
frZITHEEvAH3CHEMIPr.no. branes. Non-astringent.
VILciNONNATI.O Sold by DrnnrtaU. .
USA TBff^or sent ID plain wrapper,
_^^^^^_ ' ' '^Wi by express, prepaid, for
'^^i^ta^g 3 ! f - 00 - or 3 bottles, 93.75.
*>^^GHK**IT ■ Cirouiar Bint on request.
>JBVDEWEY,SrRONG SCO.^ffV
(i patents! ;)
\2Sr33O MARKET ST. S.F. *%t2r
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley futures softer.
Oats. Corn and Rye about the same.
Bran lower. Hay firm.
No further change in Beans.
Potatoes weak and dull. Onions steady.
Butter and Eggs weak.
Three car? of Eastern Poultry in.
Game lower and weak.
Provisions active an 1 firm.
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Beef advanced. Pork anil Mutton strong.
Shipment of 835,932 to China,
Increased exports of Wine.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port in January
were 1.603. *0 gallons, against 1.199.500' Jn Janu
ary. 1897.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took a treasure list of $125. 932.
consisting of $18,027 in Mexican dollars, $19<K C >
in gold coin. $l'">4.<">oo in silver bullion and $2000
in Peruvian p
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS OF SPECIE!.
From a bulletin issued by the Bureau of Sta
tistics Of the Treasury Department the follow
ing figures regarding imports and exports of
the United States, of gold, silver, etc.. for the
seven months ending January, are obtained:
Exports of gold coin and bullion $11,805,467, Im
ports J30.555.13R, excess of Imports $19,079,671,
exports of silver coin and bullion $34,719,770, im
ports $5,265,555, excess of exports $26,451,215.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is hlch In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south aWp the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "hie-h" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 23, 6p. m. i
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to |
date as compared with those of the same date ;
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last j
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 24.11 35.87 i
Red Bluff 0 9.60 20.94,'
Sacramento 0 7.04 14.47
Ban Francisco 0 6.30 17.76
Fresno 0 3.35 8.68
San Luis Obispo 0 3.96 17.36
Loe Angeles 0 4.11 14.43 j
San Dieeo 0 3.38 10.11
Yuraa 0 1.26 4.87
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, ■
SS; minimum, 43; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the Pa- ;
ciflc coast and a storm of moderate energy, but ]
as yet without rain, lies along the coast of j
Washington. Oregon and Northern California.
Despite the strong barometric gradients no
rain is reported at any stations within the
limltß of observation. The sky Is covered with i
clouds over almost all of the Pacific Slope. An !
area of high pressure Is central over Montana i
and Southeastern Idaho.
There has been a rapid rise in temperature
at Eureka. Portland, and Fort Canby. At San '
Luis Obispo there has been a fall of about 10 |
degrees.
The following maximum wind velocities are I
reported: Fort Canby, 30 miles per hour from
the east; Point Reyes, 3f< miles from the south
east.
Southeast storm signals are displayed along
the <x>ast from San Francisco northward and
information signal at Port Harford.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 24, 189S:
Northern California — Rain Thursday; fresh i
southerly winds; cooler on the northern coast. |
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday: probably rain in northern
portion; southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; probably rain In i
northwest: cooler In north.
I "tah— Cloudy Thursday.
Arlzcna— Fair Thursday; cooler in west.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs- ,
day, with showers; fresh southerly wind.
Special report from • Mount TamalpaJs — |
Foggs-: wind south. 36 miles; temperature, 41; !
maximum temperature. 49.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— T0-day" s further de
cline in stocks undoubtedly reflected a condi-
tion of real apprehension In the minds of hold
ers of securities as to the developments in the
Cuban question. Commission houses orders to
Bell" were in large volume even at the opening:,
and these soon swept away the advances over
Monday's level ' which had been elaborately
arranged by the use of the cable to establish
a higher range of prices in • London over the
holiday. There was professional buying here
at the opening designed for the same end, but
not even the first quotations were up to the
London parity. Gains were speedily wiped out
by the slump which followed the abandonment
of the professional attempt to sustain prices.
The uncovering of margins and selling orders
to stop losses brought a flood of stocks on the
.market. Sugar led the break with a decline of
over 2 points after the rise of a point, and
fluctuated feverishly all day; , closing near the
lowest at an extreme decline of over 8 points.
The local specialties were also centers of weak
ness. Metropolitan losing 7 points.. Great
Northern preferred dropped off 'points. The
weakness of the morning was in spite of large
buying in • this market for London account.
Estimates of the volume of this buying ran as
high as 60,000 shares of stock. \ The London
market and ' the Continental exchanges showed
an Improved tone on the subsidence of appre
hension regarding the West African situation,
but there was a significant decline in London
and Paris In the Spanish 4s, the closing price
in London showing a loss of H as compared
with Monday's closing. The weakness In the
stocks which were the favorites in the London
•buying was deferred until later In the day, but
they ultimately succcumbed along with the
rest of the list. In fact, the weakness of these
stocks in the afternoon after the sustaining
force of the London buying had been with
drawn contributed to the financial break in the
market, j The day's net losses exceeded 2 points
in only a few of the standard stocks, but were
over 3 points in some of the specialties..
The outlook In the money market Is not such
as to encourage speculation. Call loans were
made at 2 per cent to-day. Currency con
tinues to move to the Interior, and the sub-
Treasury had a credit balance at the Clearing
house to-day of 772.516, reflecting the 5 with- :
drawal of another 10 per cent installment on
the Government's deposits of the Union Pacific
payment. • " " " - ;- • ■ ...
Bonds were weak In sympathy with 'stocks, ■
especially In the speculative issues. - There
were heavy dealings In the Union ' Pacific 4s.
Total sales, $4,275,000.' '
Government bonds were weak. United States
new 4s, registered, , declined % ; do coupon, %,
and the old ■■ 4s, registered, . the 5s and the 2s.
hi bid. ,= • -  .
. Total sales of stocks to-day wertt . £27,200
shares, including: Atchison. 3910: do pre
ferred, 10,260: Canada Southern, 5165: C. and
0., 6435; Burlington, 27,119: Louisville and
Nashville. *13,660: Manhattan. 29.161: ■ Metro
politan. S6SO; Reading preferred, 6630; Missouri
Pacific. 8370; New Jersey Central. 5580; New
York Central. 1S.020: Northern Pacific. 9520;
do preferred. 31.729; Reading. 3020: Rock Island.
10.524; St. Paul, 44,626; Southern preferred, 3975:
Union Pacific, 14.5C6: Wabash preferred. 3250;
Tobacco, 6451; Chicago Great Western, 3460;
People's Gas, 5360; Consolidated Gas, 3914; Gen
eral Electric, 3417; Pullman. 3035: American
Sugar, 72,035; Western Union, 11,720.'
CLOSING STOCKS.
lUehlson 11% It P & Om.. 71%
Do pref ... 28 I Do pref 14S
paltlmore & Ohio 16 »'t PM & M 130
1 i'anadA Pacific ... S2 ;-io Pacific 19 '
I ana da Southern. 49 So Railway 8%
Cent Pac 12% Do pref 28%
Ches & Ohio 21 Texas & Pacific. 10%
phi & Alton 165 ITnion Pac ....... 29%
! i-hl B & Q 96% V P D & 0 9
j t'hi & E 111 65 JVabash 7
il' C C & St L.... 31 I Do pref 16%
Do pref 7S Wheel & L E.... 2%
Pel & Hudson.... 109% Do pref 12%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies-
Den & R G 12 Adams Ex 125
Do pref 47% American Ex' .... 126
Erie (new) 14% United States ... 42
Do Ist pref .... 89% f.Vellas Fargo .... 110
I Ft Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
!Qt Nor pref .... 150 A Cot Oil 19
! Hocking Val 6% Do pref 70 3 ,4
Illinois Cent 102% Amn Spirits IV2
Lake Erie & W.. 14% Do pref 19%
Do pref 70 Am Tobacco 89%
! Lake Shore 102 Do pref 115 ■-
Louis & Nash.... 55 People's Gas 91
Manhattan L .... 107% tons Gas 184
Met St Ry 144 Com Cab Co 175
Mich Cent 106% Col F & Iron 21
Minn & St L.... 27 Do pref ........ 70
Do Ist pref .... 86 Gen Electric .... 33
Mo Pacific 27 Illinois Steel 50.
Mobile & 0hi0... 28 iLaclede Gas 40%
Mo X & T 11% Lead .... 32
Do pref 35% Do pref 100
Chi Ind & L S Nat Lin Oil 17%
Do pref 77% Or Imp Co 2. ;
N J Central ...... 92 ! Pacific Mall 2*%
N T Central 113% Pullman Pal 175%
N V Chi &St L.. 13 Silver Cert ....... 65%
Do Ist pref .... 68 Stand R & T.... 4%
Do 2d riref .... 35 Sugar 125
Nor West 15 Do pref 11l .
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron. 20%
No Pacific 22% U S Leather .... 6%
Do pref 61% Do pref 61 7
Ontario- & W 15% U S Rubber 17%
i Or R & N'av 49 ! Do pref 66
I Or Short Line.... 25% West Union BS%
Fittsburg 169% Chi & N TV 122%
Reading 19% Do pref ...1.4
i Do Ist pref .... 45% St L& S W 4%
Rock Island S7 Do pref 9%
St I. & S F 6% R G TV 23
Do Ist pref .... 55 Do pref • 57
Do 2d pref .... 24% Chi G W 10%
St Paul 92% Haw Com Co 30
Do pref 146 '
CLOSING BUNDS.
I" S new 4s reg.. 127 IN J C 5s > 1144
Do coup 127% N Carolina 6s 12S
rS 4s 112* i Do 4s ....' 103
Do coup 114% : No Pac lets 1184
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 61%
I' Sss reg 113% Do 4s 96^
Do 5s coup 113% N V C & St L 4s. 106%
Pistrict 3.65s .... 11S% Nor & W 65...... 125
{Ua class. A 108% Northwstrn cons. 142%
Do B 107 iDo deb 5s 118
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ... 100 p Nay 4s S>6>i
Atchison 4s 91% t> S Line 6s tr.... 124 .
Do adj 4s 60 'PS Line 5s tr.... 102
fan So 2dß 110 O Imp lsts tr.... 110
Chi Term 55% i Do 5s tr ...... 59
C & Ohio 68 116>4 Pacific 6s of 95... 104
CHAD 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 84
V & R G lsts.... 100 RG W lsts 82%
1' & R G 4s 93% £ L & I M C 55.. 89^±
East Term lsts... 107 jP L & S F G fis.. 118
Prle Gen 4s 72% Ft P Con 142
F W & D Ist* tr. 71 •Ft P C & P lsts... 122
Gen Elec 5s 102 Do 6s ...' 116%
G H& S A 85.... 109 60 By 5s : .... 92
Do 2ds 105 Ptand R& T 65.. 60
H & T Css 110 Term new set 3s. 91
Do Con 6s 106 TT & PL G lsts.. I«H4
lowa C 15t5....... 102 | Do rs 2ds ...... 33
Kan P Con tr.... 10S Union Pac lsts... 12"H
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131*4 V P D & G lsts.. 56 i
La new cons 45.. 102 Wab Ist 5s lOSVi
L & N Uni 45.... 89 ' Do 2ds 79
Missouri 6s 100 IKY Shore 4s 110H
M X & T 2d5.... 62 Va Centuries — 71 M
Do 4s SB% ! Do deferred .... 4
N V Central lsts.. 117*4 1
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 ' Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 14iOphir 50
Ton Cal & Va.... 85 J'lymouth 08
l>eadwood 70 Quicksilver 100
O.iuld & Curry... 24 1 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs... 150 Sierra Nevada.... 85
Komestake 37 00 : Standard 1 60
Iron Silver 40 Union Con 35
Mexican 30 JTellow Jacket 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Feb. 23.— Atchison, 11%; Bell Tele
phone. 258; Burlington, 96%; Mexican Cen
tral, 5%; Oregon Short Line, 29%; San
Diego, — .
LONDON MARKETS.
i NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— The Evening Post's
; London financial cablegram says: The stock
, markets here opened firm to-day, but later be
came all flat, not on political considerations.
i but owing to the position of the account at
the settlement. Brokers found that their cli
! ents are not meeting their differences so
' promptly as they might and are closing many
accounts. This applies especially to American
railways. These followed the general course,
rising "in the morning and having a quick de
! scent after mid-day.
CLOSE.
' Canadian Pacific, 84V. Grand Trunk. 8%: Bar
i Silver, 25% d per ounce; Money, IVi^^i per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
37.954; exports, 33.800. Quiet, owing to the firm
views of holders and weakness in wheat.
WHEAT— Firm. Receipts 74.000, exports 253,
773. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, $1 OS%; f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened weak at \@
l%c decline under bearish cables and more
peaceful political outlook abroad and except
for the midday spurt was irregular and weak
all day. closing %@1 1 4c net lower. The only
bull factors were fair clearings, a decrease in
Bradatreet's world's visible and clique sup
port. May, $1 01%@l 03; closed $1 02%.
HOPS— Firm; 1895 crop State common to
choice. 4fg6c; 1597 do, 7@9c; 1597, 17@l»c; Pa
cific Coast, 1895 crop, 4@60; 1896, S@loc; 1897,
17519 C.
"WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Firm; refined New York,
$5 50; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $5 45; do
bulk. $2 95.
PIG IRON— Warrants dull; warrants, $6 50
bid and $6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm; $11 30 bid and $11 50
asked.
TlN— Quiet; $14 bid and $14 10 asked.
SPELTER— Firm; $4 10 bid and $4 30 asked.
LEAD— Barely steady; $S 77Vi bid and $3 82V6
asked. The firm that fixes the settling
lirice for miners and smelters in the West
makes the price of lead $3 60.
COFFEE— Options closed steady with prices
5*515 points net lower. Sales 17.250 bags, in
cluding March $5 60. Spot coffee— Rio. quiet;
>;o. 7 Invoice. 6Vic; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild,
steady; Cordova, 7V4'slsHc.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3 11- 16 c;
centrifugal, 66 test, 4 3-16 c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts 15,184 packages, firm;
Western creamery, 14@21)c; Elglns, 20c; fac
tory, Il<gl4c.
EGGS— Receipts 15,214 packages,- firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 15c; Western, 150.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— California dried
apples are firm; other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 5%#7%c;
prime wire tray. BVic; wood dried prime, BV4c;
choice, 6\®9c; fancy, 9^4} 10c.
PRUNES— 3@Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 6®7%c; Moor park, 93
He.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c: peeled, 12@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 23.— A1l the firmness which
characterized Monday's wheat market had ap
parently deserted the pit at the opening of
! trading to-day. The starting price for May
1 ranged all the way from $1 06«4 down to
isl 05%. as compared with Monday's closing
I price of $1 06%. while July, in which the most
trading was done throughout the session,
opened at from 91% c to 91% c, a decline of
9i@lc. May touched $1 05 before it was suf
ficiently supported to bring about a recovery.
Commission houses were the best sellers at the
opening, brokers for Leiter being credited with
some of the offerings for May. The opening
weakness was due apparently to the decline at
j Liverpool. That market was from % to lid
lower and London also showed weakness.
News which followed, though of a mixed char
| acter, favored the bulls as a whole, and for a
! time the market took on some appearance of
! strength. Covering by shorts started in a
moderate way shortly after the opening and
prices gradually worked back, May advancing
to $1 05 and July to 92% c. Indian advices re
i ported the crop prospects in the central pryv-
I inces very favorable, but this was counteracted
by private cablegrams from Argentine reduc
ing the estimates oh the exportable wheat
surplus of that country to 24,000.000 bushels.
I Additional strength was lent to July by mod
1 crate support from the Leiter interests. Trad
1 ing at no time, however, wan very heavy in
I either option. The fear of Lelter's Influence
I over the market was shown by many traders
leaving the wheat pit for the coarser gTain
markets. Buying was started on the Brad
street"B visible supply report, which showed a
I decrease of 863,000 bushels. This was a sur
prise, as the trade had been led to expect a
heavy increase, and prices for a time got
i nearly to the former level. Later in the day,
however, the market became quite weak on
further declines in English markets. Leiter
brokers had meantime stopped buying July
and prices tumbled rapidly. July got down to
Sic and May to $1 OS. but reacted again before
the close on covering, May closing at {1 06 and
July 91Ho.
Corn was active. May closed »4c lower.
Oats were active aud unsettled. May closed
•teady and a shade higher.
1 J*rovi»lo&fl were fairly active and irregular.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
Pork was very weak throughout, but lard and
ribs were fairly strong. At the close May pork
was 17% c lower, May ■ lard •5c higher and May
ribs unchanged. .
- The leading futures ranged as follows:
; Artioles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 105 106 105 106
May.-..:.."........... 1 06% 1 06% '1 05 106
July 91 7 92% 91 91%
Corn No. 2— -■-•.-■
May 30%-, 30% 30% 30%
July 30% 32 31% 31%
September .33 33% 32 7 33
Oats No. 2—
May '..;.... 26% 27 26% -,26%
July ................. 24% 24% 24%' 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May .....10 75 10 90 10 75 10 82%
July 10 95 * 10 95 10 80' 10 80
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 620 5 32% 520 530
July • 5 30 5 40 5 30 5 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs— «:>•-■::
May ...-. 5 75 5 25 5 15 5 25
July .....6 25 5 32% 525 6 30.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, nominal; No. 3
spring wheat. 94@9Sc; No. 2 red, 1 04@l 06;
No. 2 corn. 29%@29%c; No. 2 oats, 26% c; No.
2 white, f. o. b., 30% c; No. 3 white, f. o. b..
25%@29%c; No. 2 rye. .-. r.Oc: No. 2 f. o.
b., — ;• No. 1 flaxseed. $1 23%; ; prime tim
othy seed. $2 92%@2 95: mess pork per barrel.
$10 75<3>10 85; lard per 100 pounds, $5 22%@5 25
short rib sides (loose). $5 BOG 40; dry .salted
shoulders (boxed), 4%'§sc; short clear sides
(boxed), $5 1606 55; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon. $i 18%. \ - •
Article?-- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls .... 29,000 . '30,000
Wheat, bu : 79,000 243,000
Corn, bu: ; 1,074.000 383.000
Oats, bu 1 686,000 ■-'• 413,000
Rye, bu... : 17,000 4.000
Barley, bu 105,000 22,000
'■ On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm, creameries 13'g;i9%c, dairies
ll@17c; cheese quiet, Si@B%c; eggs firm, fresh
14c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
• . Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— ... . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 222,180 - 48 $40
Duluth 48,897 ' : 5,038
Milwaukee 22,750 7,150
Chicago ;....,. 79,239 242.774
Toledo ....'. :.-..; 19.590 13.800
St. Louis 28,001) 63 000
Detroit ....:..... 3,301 4.657
Kansas City 93,000 35.000
Totals '. 516,957 420,259
Tidewater-
Boston ...... 34.761
New York 74,000 253,723
Philadelphia 21.645 5,033
Baltimore 84,569 ' j
New Orleans ........
Totals :. 214,975 258,756 |
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— ' Jan. Mar. ]
Opening ....62 65 59 85
Closing .....6255 69 70
Flour-
Opening : 29 00 27 90 j
Closing 2$ 95 27 90 j
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 7% 7 4 6 8% .....
Closing .....7 11% 76% 73% 6 7%, 66%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. . Feb. 23.— CATTLE— Were about
10c lower. Beef steers were on a basis of $3 75
(54 for the poorest to $5 40^5 60 for extra choice
beeves, very few cattle being good enough to
bring $5 25; bulk, $4 25<3'5: fed Westerns sold
very badly; stockers and feeders sold at a very
wide range, $3 35@4 65; canners, $2 40@2 SO;
calves were scarce and good ones sold as high
as $6 75.
HOGS— 5c lower. Poorest to prime lots,
$3 Ss@4 10, bulk going at $4f?4 05; pigs, $3 603
3 M. ,
SHEEP— was an excellent demand for
sheep and lambs and sales were made at
steady prices. Sheep sold at $3 50@4 80 for In
ferior to good fat droves: shorn sheep, $3 50<3>
3 90; yearlings, $4 GOffi-J 90; common to choice
lambs. $4 BOfpG 65; shorn lambs' selling at $4 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 17.500; Hogs, 40,000; Sheep,
19,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Feb. CATTLE— Receipts. 3SOO.
Market 10c lower. Native beef steers, $3 70®
4 80; Western steers, $3 50@4 40; Texas, $3@3 70;
cows " and heifers, $303 85; canners, $2@2 SO;
stockers and feeders, •13 7O'fJ4 70; calves, $4(@6;
bulls and stags, $2 40-53 70.
HOGS— Receipts, S3OO. Market 5c lower.
Heavy, $3 75@3 So: mixed. $3 So<g3 85; light, $3 85
(§3 90: bulk of sales, $3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000. Market easier. Fair
to choice natives, $3 75'if4 76: fair to choice
Westerns, $3 M <iA 40: common and stock sheep,
$3<g3 90: lambs, $4 2555 5 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. CATTLE— Receipts,
official. 6300 natives, 600 Southerns. Beef steers,
quiet and steady, selling at $4 30@6 15; cows
and heifers, active, strong, cows largely $2 75
©•4; desirable stockers and feeders, steady to
10c higher, range $3 7V?j's 25.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 16,600. Market ac
tive: steady to 5c lower. Bulk, $3 80@3 90; top,
$4 05; heavies and packers, $3 Ss@4 05; medium
and mixed, $3 80@4; lights, $3 60@3 85; pigs,
I?, 50® 3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, official. 3100. Supply large
ly medium Westerns; market steady. Sheep,
$3 So@4 2."; feeders sold higher.
I.MH IIIHHHi'i II 1 h"l - - ' ■ •
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's cover
ing the principal points of accumulation indi
cate the following changes In available sup
plies last Saturday, as compared with the pre
ceding Saturday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease 1.165,000 bush
els; afloat for and in Europe, Increase S0O.0O0;
world's supply, net decrease 365,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase 65, ii«") bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease 1.350,000 bushels.
Among the more important reductions re
ported to Bradstreefs and not given in the
official weekly visible supply statement was
the decrease of 250,000 bushels at New Orleans,
160,000 bushels at Galveston, 150.000 bushels In
Northwestern elevators and 4i»2,000 bushels in
Manitoba and Northwestern Ontario storage
points.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Feb. 23.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
Wool market:
The feature of the market during the past
week has been light and bright wools. The
demand has come principally from one Phila
delphia buyer, who was said to have picked
up 500,000 pounds of Wool in the Boston mar
ket Other than this the market has been
largely devoid of feature. Manufacturers have
kept out of the market during the week.
In certain lines a sagging has been wit
nessed in coonnectlon with the consigned
Wools. Staple Wools are very firm. Foreign
Wools have been very inactive.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 23.— The keen edge
that was on the local Wheat market when
prices were jumping a few days ago appears
to have become somewhat dulled, and there
was not much anxiety to-day among exporters,
even at prices considerably under those quoted
Monday. This weakness is due to London
continuing to refuse distant business at any
thing like satisfactory figures and the weak
ness of the market at the East. Walla Walla.
77c; valley and blue stem. 79<HSOc per bushel.
Cleared— French bark Jacque, Queenstown,
90,612 bushels of Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Feb. 23. -Wheat, weaker;
No. 1 club, 77c; No. 1 blue stem, 80c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 23.— Exchanges, $410,
912; balances, $104,839.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 23.— Consols, 112%; Silver,
25% d; French Rentes, 103f 77V4c.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 23.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 38s; cargoes off
coast less active; cargoes on passage, easy
for white, quiet for red; English country mar
kets, generally 6d to Is dearer; Wheat in Paris,
dull; Flour in Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red northern spring,
dull. 8s 2Hd.
CORN— February, steady, Ss 6^d; March,
steady, 3s 4%d.
PARIS, Feb. 23. — Prices were firm and busi
ness was active on the Bourse to-day until the
last hour, when they became quiet and steady.
Spanish fours started firm, relapsed and closed
weak.
ADELAIDE. South Australia. Feb. 23.— The
exportable surplus of the wheat yield is esti
mated at 19,000 tons.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $225,750,247; gold reserve,
$167,165,677.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight...! — ' $4 84 •
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...;..;..'—; 486
Sterling Cables ...."...".......'..V..... — - 4 SUM
New York Exchange, 5ight......"..'. — ■ ' 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic — : 22',a
Fine Silver, per ounce..'. — . 55^
Mexican Dollars ..................... 46 —
WHEAT. AND OTHER GRAINS.
• ■ WHEAT— Royal Forth ; takes , for .Cork
106.860 ctls. valued at $160,114: A 1A 1 lower Chicago
market and predictions "of rain by;, the .Weather
Bureau • softened - things and futures 2 declined,
as will be seen below. •< Sales were heavier than
of late. . '.."••■-..'! *!:>/.:■ ■■'••• ■■' ■■«■•»■,■•: . >■ ■-!..,.:.
• .Tidewater quotation! are as follows: $1 42%
l for No. 1, ;$1 43-4-5 : 46 for' choice and $1 47H9
1 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 915 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$143; 12,1100, $1 42* i December-2000, $1 34%; 4000,
$1 34: 20,000, $1 33%; 2000. $1 33%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 42%: 2000,
$1 42%; 2000. $1 42%; 2000 $1 42%. December— 2ooo.
$1 33' 4 ; 60(iti, SI ;;3%
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
$133%; e'ooo. $1 33V SOUO, $1 33: 6000, $132%;
14,000, $1 33Vi. May— 2ooo $1 42%: 16,000. $1 42%;
80OU, $1 42%.
Afternoon Session— Ma v— 36,000 ctls, $1 42%;
24.000. $i 42. December-MOO, $1 32%; 24.000.
$1 32' i: 32.000, $1 32%.
BARLEY— The Weather Bureau predicted a
general rain yesterday and this was sufficient
to send the bulls to eo?er. as will be seen by
the decline in futures. The spot market show
ed no decline, though buyers held off, and there
was nothing doing of consequence.
Feed, $1 05<5l 07 l A r dark to good and $1 10
Tor choice: Brewing $1 l.iiffl 20 for No. 1 and
$1 10@l 12% per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 915 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Ma v— lß.ooo ctls, $1 03; 4000,
$1 03% ; 6<MH), $1 03% ; 14 000, $1 03%. December—
6000, 92% c; 10,000, 92' 2 c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$103; 2000, $102%; 18.000. $103%; 20,000, $102%;
4000, $1 02%. December— 2ooo, 92% c; 4000, 93c.
Afternoon Session— May— WOO ctls, $1 01%;
2000, $1 00%; 2000, $1 00% December— Booo, 92% c;
2000. 92c.
OATS-Continue dull and unchanged.
Fancy feed. $1 22%^1 25 per ctl: good to
choice. $i I7y,@i 22% •" common. $1 12%(ii!l 15;
Surprise, $1 25«T1 30; "rod. Jl 35-51 45: gray, $1 15
Oil 17 >.; milling. $1 •>iK(/l I!.": black, tor seed.
$1 Ss«ri TO. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product
CORN— Yellow is heavily offered and dull at
unchanged prices. There is very little white
offering.
Small round yellow $1 10@l 15 per ctl; large
yellow. $iOsff?.lio- white - 07%@l 10.
RYE-ll 05f?l 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI: none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55®4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30#4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacKs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornnieal, $2 25: extra cream
do. $3; Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 25@5 65: In
sacks, $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas,
$3 75; Green Peas. $4 23 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is firm at previous prices. Bran Is low
er. There is no change in Middlings.
BRAN— $lB@lB r-er ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22@f24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24@25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2S 501i 29 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 BOOM 50; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28@30 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50
<&24 60; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Chopped Feed,
$18@19.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $17@19
per ton: Wheat and Oat, $16® 18; Oat, $14 50@
16 50; Barley, $14@16 50; compressed, $16@17 50;
Alfalfa, $10 50<@ill 50; stock, $11(8.12; Clover,
$11 50^12 50; Nevada Timothy. $13 50<f 14 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
All kinds were as previously quoted Monday.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 W'q3 06; Small Whites.
$1 MSI 60: Large Whiter, $1 BO©l 55; Pinks.
$2 6n@2 70; Reds, $2 <ff 2 25; Blackeye. 2 40@2 50;
Butters. $1 40 @ 1 50; Limas, $-' 15(g'2 25; Pea,
$1 rniffl E6; Kt-d" Kldne ys, $2 sfi2 Mi ;>er ctl.
SEEPS— Brown Mustard, $2 75 @3 per ctl-.Yel
low Mustard. $2-32 50; Flax, $2 30; Canary Seed,
2 l 't'32%c per tb; Alfalfa, 31i6c; Rape. 2@2%c:
Hemp, 3c; Timothy, sy>c.
PRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 40@l 65; Green, $2®
2 05 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes rule weak and some kinds show a
decline. Onions range about the same. There
Is no pronounced change in vegetables.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. TOOSOc; River Reds.
Fi<Vn'6oc; River Burbanks. 50<g70c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. ei'ff'JOc: Salinas Burbanks.
9iV<6sl 20; Petaluma Burhanks. 60f?70e; Sweet
Potatoes. 25 <g> 50c per otl for Rivers and $1
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes - — ■ per lb.
ONIONS— $2 25i52 6» per otl; Oregons, $2 7BQ
2 85; cut onions, $2<f?2 25 per sack.
VEGETAFtLES-Rhubarb, 10c per Ib; Ala
meda Green Peas, 7isSe per lb; Mushrooms.
s<fjl"i<-; Marrowfat Squash. $2'ifT2n per ton;
Pried Peppers, 6??7c per lb; Pried Okra, 15c;
Cabbage, 60^ 75c per ctl: Carrots, 25ff?60c per
sack: Garlic, 3@44c per lb; Asparagus, k-h
2,">c per lb; Mexican T'>matops, $1 50 per box.
Los Angeles Green Pea?, ."if fir: String Beans,
10c; Tomatoes, $1<?1 25; Green Peppers, 2Sc
per lb; Summer Squash, ; Egg Plant, 20c
per lb: Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c(S$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
Tbs; sliced desiccated, 16fil8c; granulated raw,
13c: Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 80c: turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, BCc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Three cars of Eastern have arrived during
the past tv o days lv.<\ sales are being made at
lOtgllc for Turkey g. H@6 for Ducks, »1 60<9'2 for
Geese, $5«?5 50 /or H^ns, $5 Bflig^ for young
Roosters, $4 for old do and $5 50!f6 for Fryers.
Local stock ranges about the same, with
young fowl in demand and firm.
Game is quiet and lower as a rule.
POl'LTRY— Live Turkeys. Bf9c for Gob
blers and B®9c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
Sigl2He per lb; G»eae per pair. $1 25i@l 50; Gos
lings. $2 nOrgZ: Ducks, $4/55 for old and $6 80®
750 for young; Hens. $3 si)@4 50; Roosters,
young. JSfi'fl 50; Roosters, old. $8 50@4; Fryers,
$5 oOgfi; Broilers. $s@j 50 for large and $3 oOfg
4 50 for small: Pigeons, $2(52 25 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Quail, per dozen. SlfH 25; Mallard.
$2 B0©8; Caavasback, $2 60«r3: Sprig. $1 25«jl 50;
Teal. $l<f.'l 15: Widgeon, 75cS$l; Small Ducks.
60c; Gray Geese, $1 00; White. 50c; Brant. $1;
Honkers, $3; English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 :
Hare. $1; Rabbits, $I@l 25 for Cottontails and
$1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further decline In Butter and
Eggs, though both are weak, with the excep
tion of Etc •» Eggs, which are wanted and ac
cordingly steady. 3
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 24c; seconds, 22
@23c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 20<g'21c; second
grades, 18<gl-'e per Ib. -
Eastern Butter — Creamery. " 19@21c; '.'.die
packed. 15ig17%c per Ib.
CHEESE— mild new, 10c: common to ■
good, B@9^c; Cream Cheddar, 10®llc: Young
America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12V4
@13Hc per lb. .
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 11>4®13c per dozen; store
Eggs, n@liv : c. - .-
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
All descriptions under this head are dull and
unchanged. There are no Orange auctions at
present, as there is no stock here for the pur
pose. KTBS&ftSlv ■ • .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 40<?j50e per box for common, 65® $1
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy.
CRANBERRIES— S7@B per bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS — Nave! Oranges, $1 26®
2 25: Seedlings, 50c@$l: Mandarins, Jl@l 60 for
large and 60@75c for small boxes; Grape Fruit.
50c<jj$2 50 per box; Lemons, 50© 75 c . lor cpm
mon and $I©2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $6; California Limes, . In small boxes,
60©80 c; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; .Pine
apples, $3<&4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
4%c for 40-60" s. S%@4^c : for 60-Ws, BVi@3%c
for 60-70's, 2^@3<4c for 70-80*8, 2>4@2\c for 80-
SO's, 1%@2V 4 c for 90-100 - Peaches, 3@4V4c;
fancy. s@sUc; peeled. lOfgU'-sc; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7@Bc . for good to fancy Moor
parks; • Evaporated Apples, ■ 6%@7Vic: sun-dried,
4@sc; black Figs, In sacks. 2@2V£c; Plums,
4Vi©4%c for pitted and l@U4c for unpltted;
bleached Plums, s@s>4c; Nectarines, : 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2V»@4V4c ' for quarters
and 3@5%c for halves, according: to color, etc.
: RAISINS— 2c for two-crown. 3@3%c for three
crown, 3%^4c f or ' four-crown, ' 6o for Seedless
Sultanas, 3»4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c. ;
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable ,■ at 8c per
tt>; Walnuts, s@6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds. 24©3% c for hardshell, s®Bc
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4<j»>sV4c for Eastern and 4%c for California;
Pecans, GV£@Sc« Filberts, 8V401OC;, Brazil Nuts,
B©9c per 1b; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100. -
HONEY— New Comb, B<3>loc for bright and 5®
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed, 4%@5c; light amber ; extracted, 3%@4«4c
per IT). ■ ■> . . ■-,:'■ ■-.-'■
BEESWAX— per lt>._
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per rb for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium. 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and UHc for sug-ar-cured ;
Eastern sugrar-cured Hams. li)V4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do, $10; family do. $11^12; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear. Jig;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per Ib.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at" s^c per ID
for compound and 6\c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces, sVic per rb for compound
and 6Vi£ for pure; half -barrels, 6Hc; 10- tb
tins, "Vie: do 5-tt>, ~%c.
COTTOLEN'E— Tierces*. 6\fcff'6*»e; packacps.
less than W0 Ir.t — l-tt> palls, 60 in a ease. B%c:
S-tt>. pails, 20 in a case, RHc: 5-!b pails. 12 In a
case. S^ic; 10- Tb palls. lln t case. BHc; 50-lt>
tins, one or two in a case, l%c; wooden buck
ets. 20 rbs ne', T-fec; fancy tubs. 80 tbs net. 7Hc;
half-bbls. about 110 !b«, 7>£c per rb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPa
| . HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and i brand* sell
: If. under sour.i •„ stock. V Heavy suited .; steers, ,
10V4@llc; medium, 9V4c; light, 9@9%c; Cowhides,
S<ar»^c ; ? stags. 6@6V4c: '. salted > Kip, » 10c; t_iuf,
! lie; -dry Hides, l7@i7Uc; culls and brands, 13ft
! ©14c; dry Kip and Veal. 14@15c; dry ' Calf, 180
] JBe; culls. ; 16@17c ; - Goatskins, 2O@S7%c - each;
1 Kids, 6©106; » Deerskins, > good ' summer, ' 25@500
i per It); medium, »c; winter, " 10c; Sheepskins,
: shearlings, •; 20^20c - each; < short . wool, -- 40@70c
I each; medium, 70©90 c:'" long wools, 90c@$l 30
j each. 1 - -■■:■■,.-:• -,r ,.. .-,;;■; ,. l v ■•.;-«,.•:..;;
TALLOW— i rendered. 3@3V4c per tb; No.
2. 2@2Hc; refined,' Ha; Grease, 2@2\4c.
WOOL— Fall clip- -Middle • counties— ■ 100
] 13c, do defective, lotfllo; ' San Joaquin, defect
lye. T'S'Sc ; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free
Northern. 12<fM3c: do defective. 9@llc; Hum
bolrtt and Mendoelno, 13@15c; Eastern Oregon.
9??13c: Valley Oregon. 16<??lSc.
HOPS— OId crop. 2<§)6c for poor to fair and 8®
10c for good; new crrip. WSUMtC per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 1898 delivery.
5%@5%c: Wool Bags, 27@30c; San Quent!n,ss 30.
COAL— Wellington. •. $10 per ton; New Wel
lington, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 75: -Wallsend. $9: Scotch. $10; Cumber
land. $10 in bulk and $1150 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. $15; Cannel, $10 per ton;
Rock Springs Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ln s ' sacks Coke - * 12 Per ton in bulk and $14
in PB.CKS. . "
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
?-™^i^ .c. c Cru ,^ hed - 6 % c: Powdered. 6%c; Dry.
Gr * nuI ted . 0% Si Confectioners A. 5%c; Mag
?2i2 A - s «c: Extra C 51 « c = Golden C. sMic;
nf- x y i Or t nulated - 5 % c: California A. 5V4c per
&V. 11 barrels more than barrels, and
boxes 1.4 c more. ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef has moved up a fraction again and is
in demand at the advance. Hogs are also firm
at the improved prices, and choice are scarce.
Mutton goes off well at the advance.
Wholesale : rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows
BKEF— First quality, 6Va7e; second do, 6H@
6c; third, do; 4@sc.per Ib. ' --•■ — .
ge. 6@6%c; small, 7®7Hc per Ib.
pe* n? Wethers. 7H@Bc; Ewes. 7@7V4c
DAoS~?? rlng - 12 H@lSc per lb.
PORK -Live Ho - 4V;fi4%c for large. 4®
ir£i> a mn " and .4%c. 4%c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3Vie; dressed do, 6@7c per lb. . .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
Wednesday, February 23.
Flour, qr. sks ... 6,000 Alfalfa seed, sks 14
£ heat, ctlß ..... 6.780 Shorts, sks ...... 125
Barley, ctls ..... 2,685 Pelts," bdls • «
Oats, ctls • 370 Hides, no 912
Corn, ctls 485 Hay. tons 420
£.??;„, ,i l'"' — • 80 Eggs, doz ...... 24.720
Butter, ctls ..... 375 Quicksilver, flsk. ■ 100.
Cheese, ctls ...... 4! Leather, rolls ... 167.
Beans, 5k5...... 1.195 1 Wine, gals 85.300
Potatoes. . sks ... 4,985 I Raisins, bxs .... 125
Onions. ska . 130 Brandy, gals .... ' 700
£ ran ; sks ...... 1.610 1 Chicory, bbls ... 5
Middlings, sks .. .200 .
•'.';'; WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.27.". Middlings, sks .. 2.170
°a ts - ctls 7.345 Shorts, sks ..... 1.658
U heat, ctls ..... 875 Feed.' sks' ........ 380
Bra sks •••••... 1.66S Flaxseed. sks ... 276
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 3701.
EASTERN. ' ■"•":••■
Corn ctls ••• 1,500! •• •
THE STQCK MARKET.
The market for mining stocks was weak yes
terday and the best figures were below those
of Monday. Trading was dull.
On the Bond Exchange the feature was the
recovery in lighting stocks and a sharp rise in
Contra Costa Water. Business was good, as
usual, on this exchange.
H. Zadig and A. 8. Wollberg have been
elected presidents, respectively, of the Gould
& Curry and Utah Consolidated mining com
panies, to fill vacancies caused by the death of
Henry B. Havens.
The Vallejo Quicksilver Mining Company of
Napa County has levied an assessment of 1
cent, delinquent March 4.
The annual meeting o! the Donohoe-Kelly
Banking Company has been called for March 3.
The Nevada National Bank has re-elected
the old board of directors and officers for
IS9B, with Isalas W. Hellman as president.
John F. Bleelow vice president and D. B.
Davidson cashier.
The Joint Confidence, Challenge Consolidated
and Consolidated Imperial west crosscut No.
1 from the surface tunnel is now out 1818 feet,
having been advanced 18 feet for the past
week; the face shows porphyry. There is still
some water coming from the face, but the flow
is not co strong as usual. The ground in the
face is much softer, necessitating timbering.
No work was done in the Confidence mine
during the past week. Operations are con
fined to the west crosscut, which is being run
Jointly with the Challenge Consolidated and
Consolidated Imperial companies.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 7 carloads of ore, the aver
age car sample assay of which was $39 31 per
ton. This ore was extracted from the workings
in the north drift on the SoO-foot level. There
is no material change in the condition of the
mine.
On the 1100-foot level of the Caledonia mine
they are still enlarging and timbering the in
cline upraise from the southeast drift. They
have 60 feet of the raise timbered.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 23-2 p. m.
Bld.Aßk. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 504 50%
4s quar c0up.. 1134 — Pac Gag Imp.. 92 924
4s quar reg..U2% — Pac L Co .... 55 —
4s quar new... 125 — SF G & E.... 92 94
Miscellaneous — San Fran 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El 6s 1264 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55. 10241034 Firem's Fnd...190 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98fc Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65. .127 ft— Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
P&Ch Ry 65. 119 — Bank of Ca1... 246 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal 8D & T.. — 100
HC & S 54.. 105 — First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 1324 —
Do gntd 65.. 100 — Mer Exchnge . 12 15
Market-st 65. .1274 — Nev Nat B 150 —
Do Ist M 55.116 115>4 Savings Banks-
Nat Vl n 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
N C Ngßy 75.10141034 Hum S A L.1050 1160
)n' Ry ; - aI 65.. 11 l>'i — Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 — S F Say U.. 470 —
NPC R R 65. 1044 — S& L 50.... — 100
N P C Ry ss. 101 410214 Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co 950 —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad-
Do id Is 55. .110 112 California 1074 —
Om Ry 6s 129%— Geary 40 _
P & O 6s 110 115 Market-st 53% 54*
P&Ch Ry Ss.IOSH — Oak SL& H. — —
Powell-Pt 65. ..119% — Presidio — 10
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac Elecßy.^s. — 100 California 100 —
SF & N P sb. — 107 Vi E Dynamite .. — 90
B Pof Ar 65.. 103 103Vj, Giant «,on Co. 42 424
S P Cal 65.... 110 — Vlgorit 3% 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. — 99 Miscellaneous—
S PBr 6s 112 — Al Pac Assn.. 96*4 974
S V Wat 65... 120 — Ger Ld Wks..lOo 150
S V Wat 45... 103 1034 Haw PI C 0... 20 —
Stock Gas 65. .100 1034 H C & S Co.. 30 31V»
Water Hutch S P Co. 424 42\
Contra Costa.. 574 624 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co .... 50 - Nat Yin C 0... — 74
Spiing Val ..101 101H Oc S Co 584 59
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.. 14 —
Cent Gaslight. 984 — Pac Bor C 0... 954100
MEL Co 14 144 Par Paint Co. 7 —
MORNING SESSION.
60 Contra Costa Water. 60 00
10 do do 60 50
40 do do 61 00
260 Hutchinson S P Co 43 00
200 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 50
in Market-street Railway 4 00
20 Oakland Gas 50 00
30 do do 50 75
50 Pacific Gas Imp 9100
150 do do 92 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 9175
10 do do 92 25
10 do do 92 50
355 do do 93 00
100 Vigorlt Powder 3 75
Street—
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 32 374
$4000 Northern Ry Of Cal 5s Bonds 102 25
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 112 50
AFTERNOON SESSION.
$26,000 Ferries and Cliff House Bonds.. ..119 00
25 Giant Powder Con 4150
R5 do do 4175
25 do do 42 CO
40 . do do 42 124
25 do do 42 25
350 Han a Plantation Co 20 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 43 00
100 do do 42 75
$1000 Nrrt hern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 00
40 Oakland Gas 50 75
100 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
15 do do 6S 874
75 do do v 58 76
105 Pacific Lighting 65 50
150 Pacific Gas Imp 92 25
25 S F Gaa & Electric Co 92 00
40 do do 91 75
260 do do 92 50
30 do do 92 25
120 do do 92 374
45 Spring Valley Water 101 25
Street—
25 Market-street Railway .54 00
$1000 Nevada Co N G R R Bonds 102 25
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session— 9:30.
tOO Alpha OS 600 Ravage 27
50 Caledonia 30 900 Sierra Nevada.. 83
100 Con Cal & Va.. 89 1100 Union Con 36*
200 Gould & Curry. 22 ; lo0 37
400 Mexican 32 £00 Yellow Jacket... 26
Afternoon Session.
f no Alpha 04 50 Hale & Norcrs.l 50
200 Belcher 2.1 fOO Justice 35
200 Best & Belchr. 33 100 Mexican 33
300 Bullion 07 100 Occidental 150
<00 Caledonia 29 300 Ophir 50
300 Chollar 36 200 Overman 06
50 Con Cal & Va.. 8V» 100 Potosi 20
200 88 200 19
«00 Crown Point ... 18 300 Sierra Nevada.. 94
JOO Exchequer 01 100 95
<no Gould & Curry. 201400 Utah 10
100 21 1 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session— lo:3o.
lOOßelcher 26 |'50 Hale A Nrcr».l 52ft
150 Best & Belchr.. 43 1 600 Mexican 32
|00 42|200 33
100 Caledonia 32 1 100 Ophir 51
250 Chollar St> 200 Savage 27
100 Con Cal & Va.. 90 100 Sierra Nevada.. 95
[00 Crown Point ... IS '4OO 93
200 Gould & Curry- 23 ;<OO Union Con 36
130 Hale & Norcrs.l 55 i 100 Yellow Jacket.. 26
Afternoon Session.
r>oAlta 18 1100 Justic* 17
100 Andes 11 iBOO Mexican 13
100 Belcher 2.i|1200 Ophir 60
|W) 26|*00 49
.00 21 500 Overman 06
J IOO Best & Belchr. 40 TOO Potosl 21
too 39 TOO Savage 2«
|00 Caledonia 30 1400 Sierra Nevada.. 93
<iX» Con Cal & Va.. 87800 95
J OO Crown Point ... 12 !100! 100 Union Con 35
300 Gould & Curry. 22-1200 36
COO 21 1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 23—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 35 38
I Alta 18 li« Xentuck 02 03
i Andes 11 12 Lady Wash ... — 03
1 Belcher 23 24 Mexican 31 33
! Best & Belchr. 38 3!» Occidental 150 155
i Bullion 06 OS.Ophir 49 50
laledonia 29 31;pverman 06 07
rhollar 36 37 Ifotosi 18 20
lon Cal & Va. 88 89|tfavage 25 26
«'hal!enge 27 29ipeg Belcher.... 03 04
1 Ton Imperial . . 01 02 Scorpion 05 —
Confidence 70 — Sierra Nevada. 97 9m
Crown Point... 11 12 filver Hill 03 04
ion New York. — 02 Standard 155 —
lOureka , — 25 Syndicate — 03
Exchequer 02 03 Union Con 35 37
Uould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs.l 45 150 Yellow Jacket. 22 24
JTulia 01 03
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Morris and Nannie A. Meyerfield to James
■ Schwartz, lot on N line of Golden Gate ave
i nue, 151 W of Van Ness, W 41:3 by N 120; $10.
Samuel M. Marks to Louise Marks, lot on W
line of Flllmore street. 30 S of Pacific, S 25 by
Margaret E. Durney to Margretha M. Brady
(wife of T. H.), lot on N line of Geary street,
35 E of Broderick, E 60 by N 125; also lot on
NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Diamond
streets, E 80 by N 114; gift.
Charles B. Dugan to Lydla Dugan. lot on W
line of De Long avenue (Lucy), 126:6 N of
Frederick street, N 25 by W 80; also lot on E
line of Masonic avenue 143 S of Waller street,
S 24, E 150, S 4:4%. E 40, N 25, W 40, N 4:8V4,
W 150; gift.
Callaghan Estate Company to Michael Flta
patrick, lot on S line of Nineteenth street, 97:6
E of Capp, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Margaret Sprott to Ann Dorman, lot on NW
corner of Sanchez and Ford streets, N 25 by
W 100; $5.
John F. Ewlng to George S. Crim, lot on E
line of Alabama street. 156 N of Twenty
fourth, N 79 by E 100; also lot on W line of
Florida (Columbia) street, 179 N of Twenty
fourth, N 29 by W 100; $6041.
John M. and Alice Manning to William
Cryer, lot on W line of Diamond street, 64 N
of Army, N 50 by W 80; $10.
John and Ellen O'Connor to John O. and
Annie S. Swanson, lot on E line of San Bruno
TNebraska) street, 300 S of Twenty-second
(Sierra). S 33:4 by S 100: $10.
John Rohr to Joseph Rohr, lot on N line of
California street, 32:6 W of Twenty-third ave
nue, W 50 by N 100; $10.
Mary Ryan (wife of Edward) to Jesse S.
Andrews, re-record 1608 d. 21 of lot on S line
of Q street, 100 E of Nineteenth avenue, E
34:9, S 130:2, W 27:6, N 130; also lot on E line
of Nineteenth avenue, 105 S of Q street, N
25 by E 100; also lot on E line of Noe street,
53 S of Ford, S 36 by E 110; $10.
Anna Massonabe (Courreges) to Charles Mat
theas, lot on W line of Buena Vista, 77 N of
Courtland avenue, N 25:8 by W 70, lot 299,
Cobb Tract; $10.
C. W. and Josephine Courtright to Thomas
D. Riordan, lot on S line of Clarendon street,
184:2£ W of Lincoln. W 100:6. S 104, E 100. N
112:8. block 1L Subdivision 2, Clarendon
Heights; $10.
J. S. Angus, T. G. Crothers and W. S.
Goodfellow (executors oj the estate of James
G. Fair) to Eliza Heatlie (wife of Andrew),
lot on N line of East avenue, 118 :1 M W of i
Andover, W 25:0%, N 89:3%, E 25, S 88:1%, lot i
22, block 11, Fair's Subdivision of Holly Park; ■
$100.
Eliza A. Qulnn to James M. Fanning, lot j
on NE line of Fifteenth avenue, 150 SE of M I
street. PE 50 by NE 100, block 289. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $10.
Alameda County.
Erasmus Olsen to Jenni<» C. Connor, lot on S
line of Eighth street, 61 W of Alice, W 74, S
100, E 50, N 26, E 24. N 74 to beginning, block
80, Oakland; $10.
William A. Nolan to Bena Nolan, lot on E
line of Kennedy street, 125 S of Dennison, S
25 by E 12"», block B. Shell Mound tract, East
Oakland; $10.
Matilda Henderson to John W. Roland, lot |
10 of Hogan's resubdi vision of lots 22. 23 and
24. Kingsland tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
William H. and Helen C. Ford to Manuel J.
Madruga, lots 21 and 22. block 56, Town of j
Niles. Washington Township; $10.
Antonio F. and Mary Caldero to Frank gj.
and Manuel A. Calderia, lots 10, 11, 12, 13
141. block B. town of Decoto, Washington
Township; $10.
Manuel C. Azevedo to Andreas Eckert, lot 11,
block P. Knowles & Potter subdivision of Ken
nedy tract. East Oakland: $10.
Alvln Ford to Maria Ebeling, lot 7, block 2, j
plat of A. Ford's Addition to Oakland, East \
Oakland; $1.
George W. Austin to J. F. Cross, lot on S '
line of Nineteenth street, 454.37 W of Fourth !
avenue, S 146:8, E 37:7, N 147:9, W 45:5 to be
ginning, block B, Peralta Heights, East Oak
land: $10.
John R. Glaflcock and as trustee of the es
tate of William H. Glascock, Alfred H. Blow
and Mary V. Wei! (trustees under deed of |
Mary A. Blow) to Catherine Boyce. lot 24, !
map of Glascock & Blow Tract, Temescal, Oak- :
land Annex: $10.
Ann M. Snyder to Louis C. Snyder, lots 1">, ;
16. 17 and N half of lot 4. corrected map of i
subdivision of Snyder Homestead Tract, Berke
ley; gift.
Alphonzo H. and Julian M. Broad to Henry !
W. Taylor, k>t on N line of Center street, 100
W of Oxford. W 50 by N 125. lot 15, block A,
Blake Tract, maps 1 and 2, Berkeley; $10.
M. J. Laymance to Sophie Schroeder. lots 8 I
and 9, block 6, Fitchburg Homestead lots,
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
W. R. and Mary Clark to Theodore Le Clair,
lots 10 and 11. map of subdivision of lot 60.
Klngsland Tract. Brooklyn Township; $425.
Andreas Eckert to Manuel C. Azevedo, lots I
36 to 39. block A, Hemphill Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
A. R. and Margaretha Denke to Edmund H. >
Denke. lot on S line of Halght avenue. 181 E i
of Sixth street. E 30:5 by S 103.75, Alameda; $10. !
Bame to Silas Hoxle, lot on S line of Haight
avenue. ISO E of Seventh street. E 30 by S
132:6. Alameda: $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Halght aye- i
nue. 210 E of Seventh street, E 30 by S 132:6,
Alameda; $10.
Dorothea B. Ruthardt to Cornelius Lynch, ;
lot on S line of Haight avenue. 236:8 W of :
Sixth street, W 37:6 by S 70, Alameda; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to A. and j
Ida J. Ilminanen. lot on E line of Eighth i
street, 100 N of Grayson, N 25 by E 130. being !
lot 14, block 163. Grayson Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Meyer and Jennie Levy to Edward F. Griffa
lot on W line of Adeline street. 106:6 S of Fifth
S 37:6 by W 125:3. block 477, Brlggs Tract, Map
2, Oakland: $10.
The closing of the leaves of plants
as the evening comes on was at first
supposed by botanists to be due to the
difference in temperature; but on
transplanting the plants into a hot
house it was found that the same phe
nomenon occurred, the leaves closing
at sunset.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1898.
Mo
Tu.
1
We
2
9
Fr.
i
11
sa.
' 5
12
Moon's Phases.
/C2\ Full Moon.
\zJ Feb 6.
3
.7
6
13
/O-Last Quarter
<& Feb. 11.
j^v New Moon,
W . Feb. 20.
21
15
17
16
iJL
I.
BTKAMIiKS TJ ARKIVfi,
ueiii.
i»quinanay ...
JCoob Bay
|Tscoma.
jHumooidt
ire.:
itenaw
1 PorK
noia
P0rt1and...............;... 1
Seattle
Humboldt .'.
Coos Bay
Seattle...... ............
Departure ■ 8ay . . . . .-. . .....
Victoria and Puget Sna.. .
San Dleeo..
Tacoma .'.
Newport ;: ....
Portland :............;.....■
Humboldt. .....■.:..*.
Newport
China and Japan .......
Panama ..:... : ■;.
San Diejr0. . . . .:..:.... .. . ..
Mexico. .::.:■•,'.. t.r.;.. ..;■;»
Victoria ft Puiret Sna.'....
i Cruz
•a
ta
fmette. . . .
int'ton
h Wa11a....
i Rosa
:lnaw
Bay
or Cai
»v
er
ulco
jna
,ba..;..;..;
Mia ;;.:;:
BTICAJIKKJ TO SAIU
ATION'i
,IC
> 24. 12 M I Pier 2
> 24. 11 am Pier 11
• 2j, 10 AM I Pier IS
> 3d. 2 pm I Pier 7
I 25, 10 am Pier »
' 25.10 am Pier a
i 26.10 am Pier 2(
i 27. 9am Pier 2
i 23. 11 AM Pier 11
• 23, 12 si IPM SS
•;i, 1 pm Pier 13
■ 1. 4 pml ........
■ '2. 10 am Pier 24
•2. 10 am Pier 11
• 2. » AM Pier —
• = 3, 1 pm PM SS
jna. . ■ . ) sau uiego
ta ..::'. Coos Bay..
1....
n os a.. I Sydney
?uebla Vie & Pgi Saa
er Humboldt
nbia. Portlana
tiFork Humooldt
i Ros;ijS;ii) Die«ro
port. . . i Panama
acla... j Alaska
o Alaska
of Cai ; Portland
:i Wlla Vie & V Sound
•tt Humbldt Bay.
J eklni?| Chlna<fi Japan
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit -of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Intent st to *v • «iii commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
8 A "notice 'stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the a ftern °° n
papers, and by the morning papers the follow-
In* day. W. S. HLGHEb,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. «n charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FEBRUARY-lsyS.
Thursday. February 24.
Sun rises 8:47
Sun sets 5:58
Moon sets 10:24 P. M.
3
1:
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of,
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts.
THE TIME BALI*
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. NNt. t Mer
chants' Exchange, San Franciico, February
28. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill wa» dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of th«
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 17 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Br bark Inversee, Lewis, 87 days frm New
castle, NSW.
Ger bark Philip Nelson, Nlemann, 63 days
from Salaverry.
Schr Hattle I Phlllins, Blackburn, 129 days
from Gloucester, Mass, via Sandy Point,
Straits of Magellan, 69 days.
Rchr Melancthon, Bellenseu, 8 days from Wll*
laptt Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 23 hours fnj
Fort Bragg.
CLEARED.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego: Qoodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson, Portland via Coo*
Bey and Astoria; L E White.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama via Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, Hilot J D>
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, Crescent City, etc
Stmr Alcatrai, Carlson, Portland and Asto
ria via Coos Bay.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama via Honolulu.
Fr bark Pierre Cornellle, Lellquet, Capo
Town.
Schr Beulah, Mitchell. Grays Harbor.
Schr Eliza Miller, Dannervig.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Wilson, Tillamook.
Schr Albion, Anderson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 23, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind SE; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Aloha loads mdse for Honolulu; Lur
llne. mdse for Kahulul; Annie Johnson, mdsa
for Hllo.
The Susquehanna loads mdse for New York.
The Gen Gordon loads mdse for Sydney.
The B F Packard loads sugar at Honolulu
for New York.
The Auckland loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 40s; Ross-shlre, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, 33s 9d.
The Clan Galbraith is chartered for wheat
to Europe, 25s net, a decline.
SPOKEN.
Feb 2—15 N 31 W. Ger ship H F Glade, hence
Oct 24 for Queenstown.
Feb 18—15 W, Br ship Marechal Suchet. from
Oregon for Queenstown.
Nov 30 — 46 S 104 W, Br ship Red Rock, hence
F'pt 13 for Queenstown.
Feb 18—50 N 20 W, Br ship Afon Alaw, hence
Sept 16 for Queenstown.
Jan 1—26 S 24 W, Br ship Ce'Heslma, hence
Sept 27 for Liverpool.
Jan 29—16 S 37 W, Br ship Simla, hence Oct
24 tyii Qi c<K?'own.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Feb 22— Br ship Sardomene, at
Newcastle, Eng, from Antewrp, with davit 3
earn, . I avaj by c> ll'slcn. "
Br ship Lancing, hence Oct 12 for London,
spoken Feb 21 10 miles east o£ Kddydtone Liijht.
with lore and main topgallant mujts and uplkt
yixiixt t.or<
SEATTLE, Feb 23— The Br stmr Pak Shan.,
from Vancouver for Skaguay, Is ashore oi ft
Nanaimo Rocks. ~
GRA.YS HARBOR, Feb 23— Capt Knudsen of
schr Ruby A Oousins, at Grays Harbor, re
ports that at 4 p m. on Feb 2 in 31 39 N 120 W
passed abandoned schr Minnie of San Diego
full of water and standing on end, with stern
above water about four feet.
EASTERN POjITS.
NEW YORK— .Sailed Feb 21— Stuir Advance,
f'jr Colon.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Q Lxwmla,
hence Feb 22.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 23— Schr Helen N
Kimball and stmr Samoa for San Francisco.
YAQUINA BAY— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Presi
dent, hence Feb 18.
EVERETT— SaiIed Feb 23— Schr Glendale, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Arcata, for
Sun Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 23— Schr
Hera, hence Feb 10.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 23— Scnr Me
teor, for San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Feb 23— Ger ship
D H Watjen. from Uiogo for Puget Sound.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Feb 23— Br ship
Alice A Leigh, for Cork: ship Columbia and
bark Harvester, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 17— Br ship Alder
grove, from Montevideo.
REDONDO— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr Westport.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 23— Br shp Springburn,
for Queenstown; Dan ship Jupiter, for Queens
town; Br ship Drumburton, for Queenstown;
schr Sequoia, for San Diego; stmr Victorian,
for Dyea.
Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Chilkat, from Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 23— Schrs Vol
unteer. Neptune, Viking, Jennie Stella, Queen
and Maid of Orleans, for San Francisco; schr
Ottlllie Fjord, for Hilo: schr John F Miller.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 23— Str Whites
boro, hence Feb 22.
ALBlON— Arrived Feb 22— Schr Nettie Sund
borg, hence Feb 19. 23— Stmr Cleone, frm Saa
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Feb 33— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr O Loomis,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed Feb 23-Schr Monterey,
for Bowens Landing.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 23 -Stmr North Fork,
for San F ranclsco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived FeD 23— Scfir Ida
i bnauer, hence Feb 17.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Fpd 23— Schr Mary
Etti. fir San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 21— Bktn J M Grif
fith, f'-r I J upe- Sound.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 22— Stmr TJmatMa, ho
Ft-fc B for Victoria and Port Townsnad. 23—
Str>r Mackinaw, from TacoTia for «Hn Fi;m
cIko: schr Annie M Cam,>l>e!l, from Port
Biakeley for Newport.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Jan 24— Br bark Fal
kirk, for Royal Roads.
KOBE— Passed Jan 27— Br stmr Alagenli, fin
Java for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Feb 23— Schr
Metha Nelson, for Kahulul; Br bark Penr^yn
Castle, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP-Salled Feb 23— Br ship Alcldes,
for San Francisco.
HlLO— Sailed Feb s— Schr Eva, for Kahulul.
To sail Feb 15— Schr Lyman D Foster, for
San Francisco.
Off the port Feb lft— Bark Adam W Spies,
from Honolulu, to load for New York.
LIVERPOOL^- Arrived Feb :.*>— Br shir Gal
gate, from Oregon.
PAUILLAC— Arrived Feb 22— Nor stirr Hr.r
lda. fr:.ir Oregon. -. •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 20— Br ship
i Monkbarnes. from Oregon, and proceeded for
i Dunkirk: Br hark Cloncalrd. hence Sept 25.21—
Br ship Pendeen, hence Oct 2.
Sailed Feb 22— Br ship St Mlrren, for Tyne.
j ST VlNCENT— Arrived Feb 21— Br stmr City
I of Parth. from Oregon.
' orEENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 22— Ital ship p
S Ciampa. for Hull.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 20— Br ship Star of
Russia, hence Oct 5.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 20— Br bark Port
Stanley, from Taooma. and ordered to St
Nazalre. 21 — Br ship Barfallan. hence Sept 16-
Br ship Maxwell, hence Sept 18.
GALWAY— Arrived Feb 20— Br bark Cum
brian, from Portland.
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 20— Br ship Largle
more, hence Oct 22; Br bark Falkland, from
Tacoma.
FERNANDO DE NORONHA— Passed — Br
ship Oraißmore, hence Oct 19 for Queenstown
CARDIFF— SaiIed Feb 22— Br ship Crown of
Denmark, from Santa Rosalia.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr New York
for Southampton; stmr Majestic, for Liverpool'
BREMEN- Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Stuttgart' .
from New York. jd
QT.'EENSTOWN— SaiIed Feb 23— Stmr CataT^
lonia, for Boston.
LIVERPOOI — Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Sylva
nla, from Boston.
ANTWERP-Sailed Feb 23-Stmr Frtesland
| to Z,£*™ York, and not as previously reported.
MOMLLE— Arrfved Feb 23— Stmr Anchor!*,ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SECRET NO MORE
The Water Companies Have
Combined to Cinch the
Public.
A Little Notice Sent Out That
Shows What Extortion May
Be Expected.
EX-MAYOR PARDEE SPEAKS.
Condemns the Outrage and Declares It to Be
Illegal.
The action of the Council is outrageous and cannot be too
severely condemned. Certainly the record of Councilman
Woodward is not creditable. The water rates as passed by the
Council while 1 was in office are fair and just to all parties and
should have been adopted by the present Council. 1 can con
ceive of no defense to the arbitrary and stupid manner in which
rates are supposed to be fixed by the "solid nine." I agree with
City Attorney Dow that such action is illegal, and I do not be
lieve the courts will uphold it.
Tho Becret is out.
The allied water companies, having
Becured all they desired at the hands
of the City Council, propose at once to
get hack any outlay that may have
been incidentally incurred.
The following notice has been sent
out, and, although it refers to existing
water rates which have been cut dur
ing the past two years, it is a faithful
suggestion of what is to come:
<S> <S> <?><?><«><s><§> <» <8> <?■<•> *■*><$>'$$■
'.. Please take notice that on and <*>
<$> after March 1. 1898; water rates will <S>
<♦>• be made in accordance with the <!>
<fc schedule as. established by the City <£
.. Council. Respectfully, <•>
<:: CONTRA COSTA WATER CO. <$>
<S> Oakland, Feb. 15, 1898. <$>
-i> <s> •§> <8> <®> <S> ♦ <S> ♦ <J> <$>
This nv>rning a gentleman went into
the office of the Oakland Water Com
pany and paid the water rates for a
certain piece o-f property, which
amounted to $1. The clerk was asked
if the rate was to be raised, and after
a glance at a card said, very firmly:
"After the Ist of March the rate will
be $3 20."
Th^ rate-payer in question immedi- j
ately went across the street to the
Contra Costa office, and asked the same
question, reiejring to the same proper- ,
ty. The answer was very short. "It
will be $3 20."
It is now learned that the two wa
ter companies came together several
months ago. and that they agreed not
to decide upon any raise in rates until
after the new schedule was fixed, so as
to stand off possible popular indigna
tion.
The mass meeting to-morrow even
ing to consider the water question will
be a wry lively affair. The city is
given over at present to discussing the
situation and denouncing the traitorous
('"unrilmenand seeking to devise some
method of setting aside the infamous
job perpetrated last Monday night.
It is now very plain that the begin
ning of the Job took place over a year
ago, when the celebrated committee of
twenty-one undertook to name a
K-i'Ublican city convention, and it
has been gradually incubating ever
since. At that time Frank A. Leach,
who was then a newspaper proprietor,
undertook to proclaim that the ap
pointing of the convention was a job
in the interest of the water companies.
Tt was s<r adroitly managed, however,
that the warning was loat and the mat
partly forgotten. Since then evi
of what might be expected has
cropped up occasionally, but in such a
manner as to deceive the public and
throw them off the track.
It is now learned that before the res
ignation of Fibush extraordinary pres
sure was brought to bear on two of the
honest five Councilmen even to the ex
tent of threatening them with loss of
their situations. But it did not work.
It was then that Fibush was induced
to resign and the pliable Woodward
put in his place. Fibush being under
some obligation to the influence of the
water rompani> j s for his election was
informed of what was coming, but re
fused to be a party to any such trick
ery. Woodward, however, who admits
that he never saw the ordinance fixing
the rate till Brother Henneberry ap
pointed him one of the committee to
pass upon it, had no scruples in the
matter and affected to do in five min
utes what some honest Councilmen had
spent five weeks in intelligently dis
cussing.
This action on the part of the six
Councilmen. and especially regarding
the appointment of Woodward by-
Mayor Thomas, bears out in a measure
the popular belief that the water com
panies have had a strong hand in dom
inating the policy of the present ad
ministration in the Mayor's office.
It would raise a laugh on the streets
to-day among the most ignorant and
least informed of the citizens of Oak
land were any one to suggest that the
two water companies are any longer
at war or that they have been at war
for the past twelve months. Now that
the wool is pulled from the public eye
it can see clearly and will no doubt act
vigorously.
Woodward has admitted that he did
not read the resolution fixing the
FIVE MEN OF WHOM OAKLAND IS PROUD BUT THERE ARE OTHERS
water rates, but glanced through it
without knowing any of the facts
upon which it was based and after
hearing the warning of the city attor
ney that the passage of it would be
illegal. This admission is enough to
impeach anybody, but Woodward is
running around the town smiling all
the time and talking of his "stand."
His celebrated expression, "I have no
strings on me," has been more quoted
than anything else in this connection.
; Everybody you meet, instead of pass
< ing the customary salutation, refers to
strings. "Some of his fellow-tenants in
his office draped his picture with
strings, and if Woodward lacks any
; material string for the rest of his life
!he certainly will not lack verbal
"string" as long as he is in Oakland.
One little feature of his peculiar be
havior is amusing, if it were not
' serious, involving a steal from the peo
| pie in the interest of the allied corpo
: rations of $100,000. During the cele
i brated Council meeting, the first Coun
j cil Woodward ever attended, he
was very delicate regarding his vote
in some things. A little matter was
: being voted upon, and Mr. Woodward
■ begged to be excused "because I am
: not fully informed, Mr. Chairman."
Within ten minutes he had recorded a
; vote on a matter regarding which he
| had also said he was not informed and
i which has brought down upon him the
; just Indignation of his fellow-citizens
i and fellow-veterans.
Councilman Brosnahan's position is
not bo surprising, for although he had
expressed himself as being in favor of
the ordinance that the committee had
worked on, he had not rushed into
print and from a self - constructed
white throne announced that he had
no strings on him, but has all along
left the impression that he might be
expected to do anything at any time.
It is now very evident that he has
buried the hatchet and is in the same
camp as the man who has sold the in
terests of the city on every possible
occasion.
A. D. WILDER'S WELL.
Estate Valued at Twenty-Five Thou
sand Left to the Widow.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Mrs. Mary E.
Wilder, widow of the late A. D. Wilder,
has filed her petition for the probate of
her husband's will. It sets forth that the
will was drawn January 23, 1886, being
holographic. She Is the sole devisee and
the property consists of real estate where
the deceased lived, life insurance policies
and stocks and bonds, all of a value not
to exceed $2r.,000. The will states:
It is my will that the full and free use and
control, without any condition or restrictions
whatever, of all my property, real, personal
and mixed, of which I am now possessed or
of which I may die possessed, including all my
effects of every kind and nature, and wherever
situated, and whethf-r in my name or in the
name of any other person or persons whom
soever, shall be riven to my beloved wife,
Mary E. Snyder Wilder, to be held and used
by her for the help and benefit of herself and
my children as her Judgment may dictate.
No accounting or order of court are
ever to be required of the executrix, and
upon her death the children are to re
ceive whatever may be left of the prop
erty, share and share alike.
All for His Children.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— F. K. Krauth Jr.
has filed hia father's will for probate. It
is dated the 12th inst.. and leaves all of
the estate, consisting of real and personal
property valued at $5500 to his children.
Mrs. Augusta Morgan of Fernside, Fred
K. Krauth Jr. of Alameda, Walter H.
Krauth of Sacramento, Theodore W.
Krauth of Santa Cruz, share and share
alike, except $100 each for the two grand
daughters. Helen Ray and Myrtle Krauth.
The will of Mrs. M. Krauth, who died two
weeks previous to her husband, was also
filed for probate. It leaves real and per
sonal property valued at $7200 to the hus
band.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Romie Raffetto
was granted a divorce from W. F. Raf
fetto this afternoon. She ehargfd ex
treme cruelty and was awarded $1000 in
lieu of property rights.
The ladies of the First Presbyterian
Church will celebrate the seventh anni
versary of the pastorate of Rev. R. F.
Coyle, D.D., Thursday evening. All mem
ber* of the congregation and fnends are
invited.
John McGinnis. the chum of James
Bryan, charged with the murder of Deputy
''unstable Cronin, will stand trial on the
Ist of March before Judge Ellsworth.
Word has boon received from Missoula,
Mont., in which Rev. R. H. Sawyer ac
cepts the pastorate of the Central Chris
tian Church, formerly occupied by Rev.
Edwards Davis. Mr. Sawyer is supposed
to be on his way here now.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
LETTERS TELL
THE STORY
Henry Williams Thought
of Suicide for a
Year.
Was a Close Friend of the
Young Lady He So Sud
denly Murdered.
Jealousy Increased by Drink Led
Him to Take Two
Lives.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 23.
From letters found in the pockets of
Henry E. Williams, who killed Ethel
Winfield Gray and then committed sui
cide at her home early this morning, it
would. appear that the two young peo
ple had planned such deaths for nearly
a year.
It is also possible that the letters
were written without the consent of
ETHEL W. GREY, Who Was Shot by a Colored Youth
Who Loved Her.
the girl, and that her signature is not
genuine.
Williams was employed by Ethel's
brother, Ulysses Gray, and last night
the two men went to the Gray home
together, both somewhat under the In
fluence of liquor. Shortly afterward
Ethel came in and announced that she
had been walking with a male com
panion. Williams and the gir^sat by
the stove in the kitchen, conversing till
about an hour after midnight. Sud
denly he jumped to his feet and ex
claimed loud enough for her mother to
hear, "Did you mean that?" The girl's
reply was not audible to Mrs. Gray,
but a moment later Williams drew his
gun and fired at the girl's head. A
second shot went through her heart.
He then fired two shots at himself and
both died instantly.
Williams has long been in love with
the girl, and in his pocket was found
a little clipping from an Alameda news
paper which undoubtedly instigated
the murder, although it has taken him
a long while to carry out what he evi
dently planned last September. The
clipping referred to is as follows: "Miss
Ethel Gray of East Oakland and J.
C. Smith of this city will be married
September 2. After the honeymoon
they will make their home in East
Oakland."
Another letter was found written by
Williams to Ethel's mother on January
10, this year. It says: "She is my
false heart. I write this to let you
know that the reason I took her life
was because she went with. that Smith
that came to your house, and last
night I saw him sitting on a box with
her on his knee kissing her. She is
better off dead than alive, so do not be
angry with me, because I am tired of
life anyhow."
There were two other letters, one of
which was signed by Williams and an
other one by the girl. Her letter re
ferred to an Intended marriage and
shows that the dead people have been
very close friends, perhaps lovers, for
many months.
Williams is a well-known young
criminal, and has a place in the rogue's
gallery. He has been arrested a num
ber of times, and once served six
months for burglary.
DAVIS DENIES
A SLANDER
Received Not One Cent
for Watching Over
a Recount.
Makes a Strong Statement That
His Republicanism Is
Untarnished.
Shows the Falseness of an Inuendo
Printed In a Democratic
Journal.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— A San Fran
cisco paper having falsely insinuated
that ex-Mayor W. R. Davis appeared
at the recount of the Mayoralty candi
dates a year ago in the interest of the
Oakland Water Company, Mr. Davis
published the following reply to-night:
I am not in any way connected with
or employed by either of the Oakland
water companies, and have not been
for a long time. I attended to numer
ous legal matters for the Oakland
Water Company during 1896 and a part
of 1897, my relations terminating last
fall. In yesterday's Enquirer this para
graph appeared: "It was noticed be
fore the Council convened last evening
that President Dingee of the Oakland
Wat*>r Company was present, as well
as his attorney and several of his of
fice force."
It is hut just that it should be known
that I had no connection with the
preparation, approval or passage of
the notorious water-rate resolution of
last Monday night, a proceeding con
ceived in the dark, carried out at mid
night and itself as blackening as be
longs to that hour and that course.
What I have had occasion to say or to
do in the discharge of any professional
duty since I entered the profession in
1877, has been said and done in the
open, in the courtroom or other public
meeting place. No man can say and
speak the truth that in any case, pro
ceeding or employment I ever em
ployed any argument or means other
than those urged in court or before
public bodies sitting in public. Em
ployment of my services, past, present
or future, ended and ends there.
I see in a Democratic journal this
morning that the covert inuendo is
whispered into its columns that I was
paid for supporting the Republican
party and its candidates last spring in
the city election. Nobody believes it,
the writer of it included. It says: "If
he was paid by Thomas the fee would
have made a hole in the Mayor's sal
ary large enough to wreck it for a
year, and that is one reason why peo
ple concluded that Thomas did not
pay Davis."
For more than twenty years I have
conceived it to be my duty to support
the Republican party by vote, voice
and labor. I never received a dollar of
compensation, or even of returned ex
penses in my life from any party, com
mittee, corporation or individual in
connection with any campaign or po
litical act. No candidate or any one in
his behalf has ever had the hardihood
to offer or suggest to me in my life
compensation or reward for support.
Whisperers, as well as miscreants,
are an injury to this town. I had oc
casion to say at the opening of the
first Oakland Exposition three years
ago (speaking for co-operation and for
others than myself) and it is as true
now as then:
"Let us stand by it— continue it in
ISfKJ and every year until the end of
this century, so that in 1900 it may be
truly said of Oakland that she is the
first city on the Pacific Coast in the
harmony and co-operative strength of
her inhabitants. To do that we cannot
be whispering about one another. No
courageous man whispers about his op
ponent. When such men differ they
stand face to face, eye to eye, and
clash honest steel upon honest steel.
Let us out-countenance the whispering
down of men in the community and
uphold the hand of every man who
lifts his hand for the advancement of
the city's welfare."
That was the right rule then and it
is the right rule now. If any whis
perers in this town will step into the
open and say that the undersigned
ever took a dollar fbr the support of
any candidate, party or political act
or utterance, or ever took a dollar in
any other questionable practice, I will
engage to make his life busier for him
from this on than it has been in all
his preceding career. There ought to
be an end of this thing in this town.
And, having heretofore given consid
erable time to public and quasi-public
matters for the good of the commu
nity I can find sufficient now to dis
charge that quasi-public duty. I would
not trouble you with these lines were
the question not more than a personal
one. It is time to put midnight work
in water and midnight whispers where
they belong— under the square con
demnation of the honorable men of
this town. Yours truly,
W'M. R. DAVIS.
Oakland, Feb. 23. 1898.
Arrival of Bishop Taylor.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 23.— Bishop Taylor, the
famous African missionary and pioneer
preacher of '49 in San Francisco, arrived
in this city this morning for the purpose
of visiting his .family. He is the father
of City Attorney E. K. Taylor, Attorney
M. S. 'Taylor and Harry Taylor, a well
known local newspaper man. His wife is
also a resident of this city. Accompany
ing the bishop are his son. Rev. Ross Tay
lor and wife of New York City. The lat
ter is publisher of the Illustrated Chris
tian World He will remain about a
month, but the bishop will stay a year,
and will recuperate from his arduous ex
periences in the Dark Continent. Al
though in his seventy-sixth year, and
having had a most remarkable experience
as a missionary in this country, as well
as in India and Africa, the bishop is still
hale and hearty and apparently good for
many years to come.
License Ordinance Changes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 23.— At the meeting of
the City Trustees to be held next Mon
day evening, besides the water rates, sev
eral proposed amendments to the license
ordinance will be discussed. Among these
the annual license for baseball grounds is
to be reduced from $500 to $100, while for
circuses the rate is to be $100 and $50 per
day, according to the rate of admission,
instead of $40 arid $20, as now. It is pro
posed to reduce the licenses for solicitors
from $250 to $75, for peddlers from $60 to
$25. The bank license is to be raised from
$10 to $50, telegraph from $25 to $50, street
cars from $2 50 to $5 each. Wagons used
in delivering liquor sold at retail are to
be required to pay $100 license.
Street Superintendent's Beport.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 23.— The annual report
of the Street Superintendent just filed
shows that during the past year there was
expended upon the streets of this city
the sum of $25,201 88. Of this $6989 was for
water for sprinkling and flushing and a
little over $10,000 for salaries and help of
all kinds. The remainder was for various
improvements, such as sidewalks, etc. The
showing is considered a remarkably good
one, considering the excellent condition
in which the streets of the city are kept.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 23.-Eddie Dodgre of
Alameda avenue and Chestnut street
broke his arm yesterday while flying a
kite. He stumbled and fell in such a man
ner as to break the bone.
The residence of W. H. Carey of 1709
Pacific avenue was entered by tramps on
Monday afternoon and some articles of
wearing apparel stolen.
Mrs. Allen Clay of Oak street fell off
her. bicycle yesterday and broke her arm.
THREATENED
THE REFEREE
Bob McArthur Earns the Re
sentment of the Reliance
Club.
Declares the McCae - Lawler Fight
a Draw at a Critical
Stage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 23.
Another such decision as that ren
dered by Bob McArthur at the Re
liance Club to-night will about put a
stop to boxing in this city. The keen
est dissatisfaction was expressed at
the announcement of a draw after the
contest between Jimmy Lawler and
Marty McCue.
The first contest was between Yank
Savage and Jimmy Reilly. It was a
very clever exhibition. Each man did
some hard work and each round was
well contested. The evenness of the
men's merits was apparent at every
round.
When a draw was declared the deci
sion was so manifestly fair that ref
eree and boxers were loudly cheered.
Then came Billy Jordan, and the
event of the evening between Jimmy
Lawler and Marty McCue. The two
men had agreed to have their own ref
eree, and promised to name their man
as soon as they entered the ring. To
the disappointment of the larger part
of the crowd, Billy Jordan was told
to ask for Bob McArthur. Bob was on
hand, and when he appeared there was
quite a litle hissing. On the former oc
casion McArthur had been hissed out
of an Oakland ring.
When the gong sounded McCue and
Lawler commenced to work at once.
Lawler's arms were never at rest,
while McCue was calm and even dig
nified in his movements. Thera was
some smart hitting 1 , ■ but Lawler
could never find McCue's head, toward
which he directed some clever blows.
McCue was at his best, and when the
round closed Lawler was already feel
ing the need of breath.
The second round was anybody's.
Lawler got in one good blow on the
neck, and did some leading, but Mc-
Cue's ducking was marvelous. Lawler
could never find him. There was a
good deal of clinching and their break
ing away was not particularly clean,
but each man did lots of fighting.
The third round was all McCue's. He
hit Lawler just when and where he
pleased.
In the fourth round Lawler got in
another blow and McCue slipped, but
he got on his feet instantly and got in
several heavy drives before the round
closed.
In the fifth Lawler tried to derive
some advantage by using his head on
McCue's breast, and for this he was
roundly hissed.
The sixth round was all McCue's, and
he literally made a punching bag of his
opponent.
The seventh was a repetition of its
predecessor, and at its close Lawler
was so dazert that he was only saved
by the gong from being finished. He
affected to believe that he thought the
bout was over and stayed in the center
of the ring to hear the decision.
The eighth round was lively for both
men. Lawler recovered somewhat, but
could do no effective work, while Mc-
Cue, although showing evidence of be
ing tired, did some heavy punching.
Then, to everybody's surprise, Mc-
Arthur declared it a draw.
President Fitzgerald of the Reliance
Club, several directors and Chief Lloyd
declared the decision a shameless steal
from McCue, and Fitzgerald said he
wished he had power to set it aside.
The betting at the San Francisco
poolrooms was all In favor of Lawler,
and everybody declared that the de
cision had been given to save them.
There was so much indignation among
the crowd that Chief Lloyd detailed
Officer Scanlan to protect McArthur
til he took the train across the bay.
The fac-simile Stf-^^/ty.-sri**'-- "on every wrapper
Big nature of l/ui^/zfcUcMZ <rf r W"UUL
UNION PACIFIC
WILL NOT
CUT RATES
Has Issued a Definite
Notice to That
Effect.
Confines the War to Ter
ritory of the Canadian
Pacific.
Policy of the Southern Pacific
Will Be Decided in Chicago
To- Day.
.TRAFFIC OFFICERS MEET.
Passengers Can Travel From Halifax
to St. Paul for Eighteen
Dollars.
CHICAGO, Feb. 23.— The Union Pa
cific has decided not to take any part
in the transcontinental rate war. It
issued notice to-day that after con
sidering the matter it had decided not
to use the cut rates through the Mis
souri River gateways. This action on
its part will help to strengthen the
situation materially. Other roads will
now be less inclined ihan ever to al
low the war to spread beyond the ter
ritory in which the Canadian Pacific
is an active competitor.
The rate war, about which there has
lately been so many conflicting rumors
and surmises, was started some little
while ago by the Canadian Pacific on
its through travel from Eastern points
to its Pacific Coast terminals and had
its origin in the jealousy of the three
northern lines with regard to the rush
of travel to the Klondike gold fields.
The Canadian Pacific has always
claimed, and its claim has been al
lowed, a differential on through travel
of $7 50 first class and $5 second class.
When the Klondike rush commenced
the other two northern lines, the
Northern Pacific and Great Northern,
claimed that this differential was not
a just one, and in order to secure their
share of the travel reduced their rates
to meet the difference. This reduction
was met by the Canadian Pacific with
still another cut, and it was not long
before rates were slashed to the pres-
ent prices of $40 first class and $30 sec
ond class from New York to Portland
and Puget Sound ports, and to $31 50
and $26 50 from Chicago to the same
terminals.
Tickets have been sold in individual
cases even cheaper than this, notwith
standing the interstate law, and emi
grants landing in Halifax from Europe
can now go to St. Paul, Minn., for $18,
which is cheaper than the fare from
New Tork to Chicago on any road ex
cept those allowed differentials where
the fare is $16.
The Southern Pacific has so far re
fused to take any part in the war,
claiming that the amount of Klondike
business coming via San Francisco
would not compensate them for the
loss they would sustain on their regu
lar travel by cutting the rates to meet
those of their northern competitors and
absorbing the steamer rates from here
to Portland as well.
There is a meeting of the different
traffic associations scheduled to take
place in Chicago to-day, and not until
after that meeting will the final policy
of the Southern Pacific be definitely
settled.
It is reported among the street that
tickets are being sold in this city over
the Northern Pacific to Eastern points,
the passengers going from here to
Portland by either boat or train and
eastward from there taking advantage
of the cut rates from that point, which,
added to the steamer rates of $12 and
$6 from this city or the regular train
rates of $17 and $12 net, still come un
der the regular through rates on the
Southern Pacific from San Francisco
to Chicago and Atlantic coast points.
Judge Hall Sustained.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— The Supreme
Court has sustained Judge S. P. Hall In
his decision declining to hear the applica
tion of George A. Aldrich,. who sought to
be restored to capacity after Judge Ogden
had refused him. In the decision the
Justices, with Henshaw and Temple dis
senting, say: "The provision in section
1766, C. C. P., authorizing the court to re
store the person adjudged insane or in
competent to capacity is only applicable
to persons adjudged insane or incompe
tent and for whom guardians have been
appointed under section 1764, C. C. P. The
application of it to persons committed to
asylums is utterly inconsistent with the
government of those institutions accord
ing to the requirements and regulations
of the Political Code."
Ex-Congressman Towne Coming.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— Ex-Congressman
C. A. Towne will speak here Friday even
ing in the Exposition building instead of
the Macdonough Theater, as at first an
nounced. He will arrive in the city Fri
day, accompanied by Nathan Cole, a
member of the executive committee of the
National Silver Republican party. Mr.
Towne has held some very successful
meetings in Southern California and will
go from her to Oregon. He is chairman
of the national committee of his party
and its recognized organizer. There will
be a meeting of the local committee
Thursday evening to complete the ar
rangements for Friday's meeting.
Pleasanton Paper War.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— The fight of the
Pleasanton Times, R. H. Magill editor,
for the town printing, is now in the hands
of Judge Hall. Magill made a bid for
the town printing, putting up gold in
stead of a check, which the advertise
ment called for. He was the lowest bid
der, but the Town Trustees decided to
give the work to the Bulletin. Magill got
out an injunction and now the affair is
tied up in court, having been submitted
to-day.
To Hang on a Wednesday.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Judge Ellsworth
set the date for the execution of Ben
jamin L. Hill to-day for Wednesday, April
6. When asked why he named Wednes
day instead of Friday the Judge replied:
"I "don't know of any reason why Friday
should be set aside exclusively as hang
man's day. If the law is carried out in
this case the custom will be changed as
far as this court is concerned." This aft
ernoon Hill was returned to San Quentin.
Death Caused by a Rusty Nail.
BERKELEY, Feb. 23.— Rosa Vierra, the
ten-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Vierra of Tenth street, near Char
ming way. West Berkeley, died yesterday
of lockjaw. On Saturday last the little
firl while at play stepped on a rusty nail,
'rom the seemingly trivial wound lock
jaw set in, and in spite of the efforts of a
physician death resulted.
AUCTION SALES.
. EMIL COH N; GENERAL AUCTIONEER. .
Office warerooms, 755 Mission St.; tel. Clay 47.
GROCERIES! GROCERIES!
1 WILL SELL THIS DAY.
Thursday, Feb. 24, IS9S, commencing at 11 a.m..
AT 713 L/*RK.IIN STREET,
Balance 'of Groceries,' -." Cigars, 1 ' Tobacco," . etc.,
shipped from Santa Rosa, also Scales, Fixtures,
etc. For particulars see Chronicle. Terms cash.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
X*"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
a^jwW G25 HEARXV ST. Established
mKt% m ' % i " 1834 for the treatment of Pilvata
tiu iifti uB Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
QM|3KvHb disease vearingon bodyand mind and
->]MBTyWBB Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcnreswhen
■^WWttaMyjj others fall. Try him. Charges low.
(nrr»i;narantrf.l. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. bIBBOS, Bex 1957. 5 an Francisco.
..- '„ \l'; OCEAN TRAVEL.
FOR DYEA
And SKAGUAY I
THE NORTHERN COAST
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH
Str. "Tillamook"
FEB. 28, 1898.
For passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
Genera! Agents,
18 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone Main 655.
SAFE FAST STEAMIER,
HUMBOLDT
Will Sail About March 12 for
DYEA And
SKAOUAY
DIRECT.
For passage and freight apply
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf. A^r
San Francisco, as follows: -HUME
For ports in Alaska, 10 a. m. t Feb. 6. 10, 20.
85. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
cend, Seattle, Taeoma, Everett, Anacortes andi
Nsw Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry., at
Taeoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer, 10 a. m.. Feb. 13. 19, 25. March 3, 9. 15.
21, 27, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Crus, Monterey, San Simeon, C««
yucoß, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Oavl-
ota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huenema, Baa
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Feb. 2. 6. 10, 14, 18. 22, M,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), H
a. m.. Fi>b. 4. 8, 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Josa del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.) 10 a. m.. March *.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to Chans*
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gfen. Acts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLANn
From Spear-street Wharf iat 10 a. m. :
CIDR ■ IRI2 First Class Including Berth
TAKE $g Second Class* and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia...... Feb. 26, Mar. 6, 14, 22, 30
State of California...;! Mar. 2. 10. IS, 28
First Class. Second Class.
St. Paul $37 00 $26 00
Chicago $43 50 $32 50
" F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., ■
• - Superintendents.
fMWMltfl The S.S. MARIPO9A
Ifcfllllr -■il.:i 1 .:- via HONOLULU
[•t* >a ""*an<l AUCKLAND for
y™^— < SYDNEY, Friday, Feb-
SIMRSIIiD^ ruary 25. at 2 p. m.
GfIWIIIJIIIJ' for HONOLULU only,
/OfllßfllZil* Saturday, March 12. at
>>jiii(/miv«j 2p . m special party
■ • • rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagflie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River foot of Morton st. Traveler* <TfC£f>
by this line avoid both transit by ■».«"« wl
EngliPh railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
second class $116. • • ■ ' - _
LA BRETAGNE. March 5. 10 a. m.
LA GA5C0GNE...... ........ March 12. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE... March 19. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE March 26.. 10 a. m.
LA BOUKGOGNE ........April 2.10 a.m.
For further particulars apply to-
' • : A. FORGET, Agent. '.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. - 1 ■■ ■ ■ '.' '
»_____K 1 HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
ts*H|Br^SSP!^ Twin Screw Express Line.
i&rSsi^ss2£?'i &rS5i^552£?' from New York to Cherbourg.
(Paris),. Southampton (London), and Hamburg.
Normannla. ..March 2'! C01umbia....:... May 13
A. Victoria...... April 7 Normannia ....May 1!)
F -Blfmarrk... April 2S' A. Victoria M«y '9
Twin Screw Mall Service, N. V.— Hamburg direct.
Pretoria '..March ?! Pennsylvania. March 26
Patna ....... March 12 Palatia :.:... April 1
Phoenicia ....March IS 'Pretoria .:.'...".ADr1l "3
First cabin. $60 up: second class. $40; steerage. $26.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California si., * cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
V STOCKTON STEAMERS \
Leave Pier - No. 3, Washington St.. at 6
•■•' ''• ■'■ " : : p. m. Daily. •' . -
•■-. FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M. •
• * Accommodations reserved by telephone.' ■ • .-
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing . through freight rates. to all points on th»
Valley Railroad. .... • .
. ■- .-- r •• STEAMERS: •■
T. C. WALKER. ; CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. J./D. PETERS.
\ Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
■ Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. : Alviso daily (Saturdays
exeepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c: :
to San Jose, 76c. ., Clay street. Pier 1. . 41 North :
First street, San, Jose. .. ' .:- . .-.■ ;;.''--. : .:.-;..".
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
'■'■■ Steamer " Monticcllo" ' <- -
Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling on • February . 1, and resume her
route on March 1. ' , HATCH BROS.
1314
SMALL FIELDS
AT INGLESIDE
Tame Sport, in Which
Four Choices Won
Purses.
Honig's Gelding Ed Gartland a
Big Hit in His New
Tarn.
Lord Chesterfield Again First In the
Steeplechase-George Miller
a Disappoinim'Mir.
It looks very much as If the $25 re
quired from trainers before they can
start a horse at Ingleside is going to
make a side show of the local track.
The fields yesterday wore a stunted
look, and not enough coin circulated
about the ring to pay the bookmakers"
expenses. There are a number of
horses stabled at the Emeryville track,
but their owners are not in possession
df coin enough to bring them over to
this side of the bay. Such is the flour
ishing condition of racing. The con
ditioning of the races at Ingleside
shows a poor hand at the helm and
the light attendances attest to this
assertion.
The high winds and the slow condi
tion of the track were not conducive to
fast tin!'-, and besides the horses start
ing in the different events were many
degrees below stake form. Favorites
succeeded in taking four of the six
purses.
Ed Gartland, the black acrobatic
wonder of Dan Honig's menagerie of
equine stars, grave another of his mys
tifying performances in the mile handi
cap. The last time the black fellow
started was at Oakland, when a 9 to 10
favorite. He finished last — broken
hearted at the company he was com
pelled to travel with. Yesterday the
books laid 6 to 1 about him, and, in
front all the way, he won by a boat's
length from Souffle, the 3 to 2 favorite,
ridden by Todd Sloan. Master O'Con
nor rode the winner and his chest ex
pansion was 42 inches after the race.
The speed shown by Mainstay, Imp.
Devils Dream and Blarney Stone was
dismal to a marked degree.
The largest field of two-year-olds
that had as yet faced the starter went
to the post in the opening event, fif
teen "babies" sporting silk. Royal
Fan, favorite in the betting, coupled
with Primavera, led almost from the
start and won easily from Obsidian,
which colt should run better next time
out. Villmar was a good third.
The old favorite, George Miller, was
an overwhelming choice for the six
' furlong selling run that followed, but
. after showing the way to the stretch,
passed it up. Miss Lynah. with Todd
Sloan in the saddle, now assumed
front position, but only momentarily,
for Clawson on Caliente came with a
rush, winning hands down in 1:18%.
Jack Martin finished in the show.
The short-course steeplechase proved
a gift for Dan Dennison's handy
jumper, Lord Chesterfield, which closed
In the betting at odds of 3 to 1. Hus
ton at once took him to the front, and,
a capital hand at fencing, the little
fellow won, easing up. twenty-five
lengths in front of Governor Budd.
Monita and xhree Forks came to grief
at the fourth jump, both ridecs escap
ing serious injury. While running in
second position. Mestor, ridden by
Peters, fell at the last obstacle.
Ed Corrigan played his two-year-old
Aeh to beat the favorite Form?ro In
the second kindergarten dash, and it
was only because the latter was
pounds better that he won. Willie
Martin on Ach was given a flying
start. and. repeatedly fouling H
Brown on the favorite in the run home,
was finally beaten a neck despite his
questionable tactics.
With the best ones scratched from
the last event at one mile, it was easy
for Fashion Plate, which, starting a
9 to 20 favorite, won as she pleased
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
P£/ CI T IC ™ CO £ ST J, OCKEY CLUB-Ingleslde Track-99th day of the
slow Meeting. Wednesday. Feb. 23. 1898. Weather cloudy. Track
FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-oJds; purse, $350.
622 Royal Fan 11"' 2
... Obsidian 118 5
6M "Villmax 118 8
626 Reina de Cuba 115 14
610 I. a Parasseuse 115 6
r.r-i Master Buck 110 3
... Primavera 115111
478 Racine Murphy ....115; 7
... Engpa 115 12
566 Complimentary 115113
530 Sir Urlan 107 10
... Lobos us 1
... San Laredo IIS 9
616 Bly 115 4
... Native Son 11:, 15
i"
...
1 24
5 h
3 2
1 4
2 2
4 2
11 2
6 H
12 V,
8 1
10 1
13 1
7 '
14 2%
IS
1 6
2 h
3 1
4 h
5 h
6 2
? 4
8 h
9 %
10 2
11 3
12 2
13
14
15
Hiicy
. Martin ..
11. ...V,
rHugh
styton
awson
Jones
ennessy
2
2
M
6
50
12
•
10
•*
25
12
20
10
20
30
2
5-2
10
6
60
15
•
10
*•
30
20
- 20
12
30
30
>encer
Donnell ...
Wilson ...
uneron
. Taylor ...
. Brown ...
eDonald ...
jlden
• Coupled with Iloyal Fan. •• Coupled with Obsidian
easily™*' ''**' Wlnner - L - H - Ezell's eh. f. by Prince Royal-Fan Fare. Good start. Won
0^ SBCONi) RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $350.
<7.49) Callente. 5 MS 1
3?7 Miss Lynah, 5 1"4 4
(«JJ) Jack Martin. 5 106 5
(667) 'J^.rge Miller, a.. ..11l 2
... Srarf Pin. 4 UO 3
4 n
2 4
5
1 24
3 4
3 2
2 4
4 4
1 24
S
3 n
2 X
4 4
ii 1 *
3 4
4 5
5
lawson
'. Sloan
3 3
2 13-5
40 100
8-5 1
12 30
tevens
pencer
iray
Tim". 1:16%. Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s
Good start. Won easily.
h. by El Rio Rey-Hettie Humphreys]
0.
THIRD RACE-One mile; handicap;
; purse, JSOO.
624 Ed Gartland'll, 3.. 93 2
462 Souffle, 5 100 4
627 Mainstay, 6 103 3
'611 Imp-Devil's D'ni, 4. 92! 1
(831) Blarney Stone. 3... SOj 5
1 14
4 h
2 I
5
3 h
1 2
4 1
2 14
5
3 ns
1 3
3 3
2 3
5
4 2
1 5
3 6
2 14
5
4 1
1 3
2 6
3 8
4 3
5
w v-uiinor ....'
T. Sloan
H. Martin ...
Gray .-.
J. Woods ....
6 5
11-10 3-2
9-5 9-5
6 6
* •
Tim*, l-.li'.j. Winner,
oasily.
. A. Honlg-s blk. g. by imp. Albert-Piazza. Good start.
Won
f»At FOURTH RA
VF'TT 1 • . purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Welg
1; short course;
44*S) Lord Chesterfield. 4.129! 7
j .-.,",1 Governor Biidd. 3.. 139 5
534 Esperance, a.. 13.V 8
, 62S Presidio, - > .1351 1
.'34 Silverado, a 1.'." 4
(53<) Mestor. a.. 150 6
352 Three Forks. 6.. ....140 3
• -..; Monlta, a ...125 2
12
4 2
7 1
. B 2
6 1
8
*
1 40
3 4
4 8
2 3
C
I 10
1 30
6 4
4 8
3 4
6
2 4
1 10
4 8
3 2
5 50
6
•
1 20
2 fi
3 25
4 30
6
125 Hueston
2 12 IMcKenna ....
3 35 [Barry
435 Cochran
6 Stanford
... Peters
... Burns
... IMoCauliffe ...
2 3
4 6
ir> 20
15 20
5 6
4 7-2
4 8
8 7
• Fell.
Time. 4:07.
easily.
Winner, D. Dennlson's b. g. by Chesterfield-Tulala.
Good start.
1 t
Won
' " ■■-::
£*42 # FIFTH RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $3507
(626) Fonnero .1......U2 3
548 Ach ......112 2
626 Foxey ..:;.:.... ".:.'.. 103 i
626 Don" t Tell WBj 4
... La .luanita 106 6
626 Odd Eyes ...........103J 5
3 4
1 1
2 1%
*&>
a h
6
2 n
1 tU
3 34
5 14
6
1 h
2 8
3 2
4 3
5 2
6
» n  .
tin ..
s
•10
6
M
4
12
I
4-5
5
15
I
15
•
Is".'.'.'.
Time, m Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. c by imp. Conveth-Formosa. Good start Won
first three driving.
O SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, »350.
<6SO) Fashion Plate, 4...107 1 8 2 n 2 14
fi:>7 Lena. 4 104*2 4 4 1»4 4h
..-,12) Sonlro. 4 I^' 4 3 3 3 4 4
6to Kaiser Ludwig, 4..10'>; I 11 14
468 Veloz, 4 l'"*6| 6 6 4 6 1
r,''4 Pleasanton, 4 109| 1 6 6
"Si) Fashion Plate, 4. ..107 3 2n 214 12 124 1% Conley .. I 1-2 9-20
n Lena. 4 104*2 , 4H4 .4 h 42 42 234 McDonald ' 4 9-2
!2> Sonlro. 4 106:4 3 3 3 4 ,4 3 3 3 2 3n |Sp<?ncer .. ' ft 11
55 Kaiser Ludwig, 4..10T I 11 14 2 1 2 4 4 7 H. Brown ... 15 12
58 Veloz. 4 100} • 6 4 61 614 5 4 6% Powell 30 60
'<4 Pleasanton. 4 109! 1 6 6 6 « 6 R. Wilson ... 40 60
Time. 1:47. Winner Joseph Harvey's b. f. by Raclne-Fouslna. Good start. Won easily]
1 2
-4 2
3 3
2 1
6 1%
6 -■■
124
4 2
32
.II .
5%
__6 ■.-■'.•;
.■l%
2 34
3 n
!?
.47
from Lena, the second choice. Soniro
finished in the show.
Turf Notes.
Willis Martin was set down for a week, his
Jocose ride on Ach being more than the good
natured officials In the stand could stand for.
It Is very seldom that the •'Emperor" resorts j
to questionable tactics, but he evidently wanted
to be up to date.
The stable of W. L. Stanfleld was ordered
suspended for the showing made by George
Miller. A like sentenc was meted out to Dan ;
Honijr for the Improved showing made by Ed J
Gartland. Alf Stanford was also suspended for
the Indifferent showing made by Silverado in
the steeplechase. All of the suspended horse
men named have been requested to attend a
meeting of the stewards to be held on Satur
day evening.
Buck Burns, who rode Three Forks, was re
ported to have suffered a fracture of the collar j
bode when that Jumper fell with him. Buck ;
was not intended by nature for a steeplechase
rider and the sooner he become* aware of
the fact the lighter will be his medical ex
penses.
Trainer Johnny Campbell feels greatly crest
fallen over the poor showing made by Senator
Bland on Washington's birthday. He says he j
bet a good chunk on the rhestnut. and only
the closing of the Interior poolrooms kept him
from losing a much larger amount. This Is
hard luck, but it would s-*m as though a
trainer should be able to tell whether or not .
his horse could negotiate the going by tlie
way he galloped on the morning of the race.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Three-quarters of a mile; purse. j.
5T7 Tea Rose I1I...10"! (BS3)Hermoso ,-.107;
631 Hurly Burly ...86 618 Bonnie lone .... 90 j
627 Highland Ball.. 55 i M 7 Glorian 100
630 Button 107] 251 Daylight ........110.
(Sin)Prompto Mi! (624)Fonsovannah ..100 j
2-11 Imp. Missioner. 15 •
Second Rare— Seven-eighths of a mile; three- I
year-olds; selling.
fi33 George Lee 109 1 633 El Moro 105 |
451 Rebel Jack 110; OS Bonito 109 !
(4«3irastake Vtl (58J)Melv. Burnham.llo
592 Xovia M6I 6 09 Bow and Arrow 102
609 Dr Marks 107' M.I The Ace 107.
f.21 Gotobed IV 609 Bonita R 104
635 Plan 107 618 Rio Frlo 104
Third Race— One and an eighth miles.
nWOMorlnel 891 605 Los Prietos .... 95 J
636 Howard Mann. .ll4; 636 Ostler Joe 114 ,
Fourth Race — One mile; selling.
634 Foremost 1001 W2 Schnltz 103
613 George Palmer. 96 «32 Benamela 103 ;
(S3 Satyr 9S 1 632 Charles A 100
435 Cavallo 9S
l "!fth Race— Five-eighths of a mile: purse.
631 Trolley 1051 639 George Miller.. .lll !
613 Fly ..'. mj(6l3)R. Q. Ban 114 |
(627) Lord Marmion..lo6 1 SKI Traverser 106
Sixth Race — Seven furlongs.
632 Gallant 109 641 Presidio 11l
630 Won't Dance. ,.lo7 561 Gold Dust 11l
630 Veragua 103 615 Durward 106
... Greyhurst 106!
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Tea Rose 111, Fonsovannah,
Glorian.
Second Race — Bonito, Gotobed, Castake.
Third Race— Howard Mann. Ostler Joe, Mori
nel.
Fourth Race— Satyr, Schnltz, Benamela.
Fifth Race — Traverser, Lord Marmion, Trol
ley.
Sixth Race— Greyhurst. Won't Dance, Vera
gua.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Xoor." •
Senator Sharon's Nephew.
The case of C. H. Davis, nephew of the
late Senatdr Sharon, and Ned Foster,
charged by the management of the St.
Nicholas Hotel with petty larceny, was
dismissed by Judge Joachlmsen yester
day, as the complaining witness refused
to prosecute. The felony charge against
Davis preferred by Billy Abbott, saloon
keeper on Grant avenue, of obtaining
money by false pretenses, was called in
Judge Low's court yesterday and con
tinued. Abbott swore to the complaint
and means to press the case.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Last Monday Yerba Buena Lodge in
tiated one member and received one ap
plication. This lodge will give a smoker
on the 14th of March.
Saxon Lodge received several applica
tions last Tuesday and initiated one can
didate. The same night Liberty Lodge
had an initiation.
On Wednesday night Prescott Lodge of
Oakland, which has been making rapid
strides of late, initiated two candidates
and received two applications.
Leland Stanford Lodge, the baby lodge
of the city, had two applications" at its
last held meeting, and these will be ini
tiated at the next.
The eighteenth anniversary of the or
ganization of Keystone Lodge will be eel
social hall of the Alcazar. Fred Raabe,
Fred Raisch. Charles H. Holcomb, U. J.
Tuska and George W. Branch compose
the committee of arrangements.
The initiation of a candidate in Polar
Star Lodge last Friday was followed by
a vocal and instrumental programme. At
the close of the lodge, "The Polar Whist
Club" held a session.
Grand Dictator Archibald addressed
Keystone Lodge at its last held meet
ing.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FBAyCISCO CALL, THTJRSDAT, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
CLANSMEN
ARE UNITED
Activity Shown by the Scotch
in the Proposed Burns
Monument.
Judge Belcher, Chairman on Designs,
Submits a Report Which
Is Adopted.
Scotchmen from the highlands and
from the lowlands in California are
united on having a monument in Gold
en Gate Park worthy of their poet.
With this object in view the executive
committee of the "Bobby" Burns
monument met in Scottish, Hall on
Larkin street last night.
Judge E. A. Belcher, chairman on de
signs, submitted a partial report, which
was received by the following resolu
tion:
Resolved. That its report of tha
committee on design be adopted; that the
committee on design be and it is hereby
empowered to proceed upon the sugges
tion approved by it in its report,
and invite competition upon the Burns
monument to be erected by this commit
tee, and on its report to make an award
of the contract and second and third pre
miums if the designs submitted shall, in
their opinion, deserve any award, and
that it have full power to act in the
premises.
In connection with this Chairman
Belcher submitted on behalf of his com
mittee the following as a guide to com
peting sculptors for designs:
That all sculptors be invited to compete
for a design for a monument to Robert
Burns, the poet, to be erected in Golden
Gate Park, San Francisco, at the site
selected, photographs of same to be for
warded.
The amount available for the monument
to be twenty thousand dollars ($20,000),
your committee deeming it advisable to
retain part of the money for unforeseen
conditions.
While bronze is preferred for the figure
and panels, suggestions from the artists
are respectfully requested without restric
tion as to material used.
All stone work to be California granite.
After the dosign has been finally ac
cepted and full size models made, such
parts as are to be of metal must be made
in San Francisco.
The sculptor must furnish a model of
his design, one-quarter size, which must
accompany drawings and proposal.
The competitor whose design shall be
finally selected shall be awarded the con
tract. Conditions and payment to be upon
terms hereafter mutually agreed upon.
A premium of one thousand dollars
($1000) will be given to the second best
design, provided it justifies the award.
A premium of five hundred dollars ($500)
will be given for the third best design,
provided it justifies the award.
The committee reserves the right to re
ject any and all designs that may be of
fered, if. in its judgment, the designs fail
to meet in quality the requirements neces
sary to fittingly commemorate the poet
Robert Burns.
All competitors desiring to compete and
requiring information in regard to the
subject, will communicate with the chair
man of the committee on designs Judge
Edward A. Belcher, City Hall, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
It was estimated that the sum of
$20,000 net should be reserved for the
monument outside of all claims and al
lowances.
The committtee on site was instruct
ed to have a photograph of the loca
tion upon which the site is to be erected
taken at the earliest dare possible, in
order that sculptors may see the en
vironment.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. •
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
'C C Bush. Redding j" H Shnuniger, Chgo
f T Hebbitt. V S N IT Dempsey, Mich
ID G Sane. Sactn Jr rs Dempsey. Mich
3 W Foss. Sacto -J E Freeman. Minn
F Morgan. Oakland ]} G Eberhart. Ind
O Hammond. Chgo I P Mathivet. Ohio
A W Scully, Chgo A Schueman & w.SPI
fl O Waldbaun. N V f: W Gardener & w.lll
JtV D Sobey. Nev C Holtz, Chgo
Pennsylvania Ex— )' H AValker, Chgo
Wr anil Mrs Beaoham il C Moore, San Jose
%I!ps StPll Benrh.im J Watson, Ky
Miss D W Latta iMrs J Watson, Ky
Miss E C Bingham J S Blackwelder, Chgo
« D McGonnißle C H Ebrod, Ky
W' R Hatpin Mrs Ebrod. Ky
Mrs H Romaln X S Johnson, S Rafael
Miss V Nash 'Mrs Johnson. S Rafael
; Mrs C Black I A H Kellner, San Jose
Cant W H Means , Mrs M Hopkins. N V
Miss S Morris Mrs Benedict, N V
C M Waterbury O F Thompson. Minn
V R Rosenberg J M Beck. Chgo
II B Hurd. Chgo Dr Uaumer. Holllster
t Mrs G S Lord. Chgo |C C Dobson. colo
t>r D M« Millan. Wis H St-phens. Mich
JM« McMillan. Wls J E Leek, Mich
T Miller. Chgo Mrs R Q Brown. S Raf
Mrs Miller & c, Chgo ;R G Brown, Sn Rafael
JV S Hanford. lowa j
GRAND HOTEL.
E F Frazer, Sacto A Roseburg. Pet
H Roolldge, Chicago Mrs J Schuman, Pet
M Diggß, Woodland Miss E Johnson, Pet
F C Swete, Sinuda W Stanley, Yreka
W Barnes. Sinuda L Chamberlain, Cal
G L Miller. Sinmla S Alford, Yreka
H Baldwin, Stcktn iC Gerrie, San Jose
J S Obey, Cal J A Cobb. Boston
E Sherman, San Jose j H Farley. Gonzales
W Graham, Auburn | Mrs Gerlach. Stcktn
F Harpster, Fresno iS Ballon. S L Oblspo
J Donald, I' S N L Pickering, Stanford
T W Brandt, Cal !I> Burchard. San Jose
C Gilsey & w, Gilroy IW Moir, San Jose
E Kelly, Cal M Keller & w. Colusa
E Mannier. Minn J Hawkins &w, Sacto
W Driscoll, Los Ang Miss E Brown. Sacto
\V Foster & w. Toledo A W Lane. San Diego
H Jerusalem, Vlsalia J Miles, San Diego
A Koch & w. Mil R A Blair. Sacto
C Shuster, Sonoma 1 A Newman, St Helena
O Rlchter &w, Chi I A Bell &w. St Helena
G SmKh, Courtland I A Marks, Uklah
F L Coombs, Napa iW Williams. Montreal
P Barry. Nevada H Fay, Kingman
O Johnson, Racine J Mechare & w. Pet
R Adams, Monrovia |J Maber. S L Oblspo
BALDWIN HOTEL
M L Cooper. Modesto Mlsb McCudden. Valljo
J C Smith. Petaluma G C Wright. Chicago
H M Spoin- San Jose C Stowell. Ogden
J Condely, Sacto W G Church. Toledo
J Wainwright. SS Npt A W Eochedor, Toledo
J Malvert, St Helena Mrs E W Marley. L A
H Meyer. St Helena Miss L Markley, LAng
E Michael, San Jose Miss B Markley. I. Ang
M E Harris, Oakland '■ H C Churchill. Boston
A M Robb, Prt Costa I J H Peck, Los Ang
E Pugh. Oakland i H Karlin, Fresno
C Nicenonger&w.Stktn! J Ruder. Ukiah
B I) Fargo, Los Ang ! W Wright. Ohm
S L Kline. Corvallis Mrs J Menor &s,Salins
F W Peters, St Louis jC M Smith. Sa-i io»e
R D Cronk, Chicago j R H Hostetter. S Jose
E Comstock &w, MlnnD Sabel, N V
J McCudden. Vallejo Dr Cooper, Modesto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Miller, Carpentaria P MeGurgan, Madera
J A Simons. Cal Mr Walters, Cal
W B Browlee. Cal P Dragllovlch.S Clara
J Manning, Cal D H Murray. Cal
F Smith & w, Cal J C Maxwell, Seattle
N O Noss, Logansport i R McDonald, Fresno
C Baker. Stockton C Bannister, San Jose
A Anderson, San Jose i Mrs Alderson, Biitte
W Mitchell. Cal ! James McComb, N T
J Brown, Stockton IS Gilbert, Oakley.Kan
G F Shomas. Sacto
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, February 23.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfletb, 102 hours fm
Grays Harbor, via Crpscent rity 56 hours: pass
and mdse, to Grays Harbor Commercial Co.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Jewel, hence
Feb 22.
GREENWOOD- Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Whltes
' boro, for Port Los Angeles.
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrived Feb 23— Bktn
Gleaner, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Feb 23— Schr Jas Garfleld, for Dyea.
SAN FRANCfSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
M 9 Ha _*s street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opin
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
8526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until P:3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING ; NOTICES .
DORIC Lodge N^~2i"e~7F7~anT A. = M.. mV <
121 Eddy st.-Called meeting THIS A -
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 XX
• o clock. Second degree. Sojourning '■^r.v
brethren are invited By order of :
 THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITHTSecretary. „. ;
CALIFORNIA ; Lodge No. 1. F. and A. . • <
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY, _#\_
EVENING. February 24, at 7:30 XX
o'clock. Second degree By order of i^w > ;
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
THE San Francisco Scottish ; Thistle v <f >i,~
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3S, tMUJJ
EVENING. Fraternity Hall, 32 mX&?
O'Farrell st., at 8 o'clock. Smoker *->l-^ -
follows. The subject "Has the Union' of
Scotland and 'England Been Productive of
Benefit to Either Country?" will be debated
by Clansmen J. Hill and J. Ross. . A gala
night. All Scotchmen are invited to attend.
W. A. DAWSON. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder. ~.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent . Society— Fu-
■ neral delegates of above-named so- 3SjjßKj&
ciety are hereby notified to assemble IFfi!!!!?
at their hall, 413 Sutter st., TO-MOR- Pt3K
ROW (Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m. •"•
sharp, to . attend the funeral of i our late '
brother, E. L. LINDWALL. By order
M. SCANATICH, Pres.
A. CONNICH, Sec,
SPECIAL meeting of stockholders of Dairy-
men's Union of California will be held at
their, offices, 115 Davis street, WEDNESDAY,
March 9, , 18?8, at 1 p. m.. for the transit. •-
tion of such business as may come before the
meeting. WARREN DUTTON, Pres.
ANNUAL MEETING The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
. Sugar Company will be held at the office or
the company. 327 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March.
1898. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of • electing a , board of directors to
serve for the ' ensuing year, and the : trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting..- Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. February 26, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectluns made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. S&80.
MRP. DR. FISH. rm. 27 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st., room 11.
MME. HANSEX, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 78 (fifty
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY "will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, March 1, IS3B. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday, February 23, IS9B,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED-tfiUALE.
FIRST-CLASS French mali and seamstress de-
Klres situation; 2 years last place; or as
nurse: best references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse $10 to $10; references. MISS
CULLEN. J25 Sutter Bt.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion, or as nurse; best references; city or
across the bay. HJISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
GERMAN second girl with references desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter Bt.
YOUNG American girl (20 years) wishes to
work for some well-to-do people In San Fran-
cisco for a good home; best references. Ad-
dress MISS D. ELIZABETH. SE. corner of
Seventh and San Fernando sts.. San Jose.Cal.
RESPECTABLE American woman Is greatly
in need of work and a good home: temperate;
is a good worker and can do any kind of
work; has references; please call or send car-
fare: light wages. 664 Vi Howard St.. room 20.
HOUSEWORK wanted by a capable and hon-
est woman; willing and fond of children:
short distance across the bay. 405 Stevenson
St., near Fifth.
WOMAN wishes situation in private family to
do housework, cooking and washing; good
references; wages $10. 924 Washington st.,
near Powell. ,
AN experienced housekeeper wants situation in
the city where she can have her little girl;
good cook; small wages; good references. 2458
Post st.
EXPERIENCED woman wants situation:
good cook, baker an*l laundress or house-
work; nationality Scotch; reference. Ad-
dress Cook, 615 Larkin st.
YOUNG Kirl < Danish i wishes situation to do
second work or can- f children: no objec-
tion to Oakland or Berkeley. Address 213
Sixth aye.
COMPETENT wmnan wp.nts situation to do
general housework: no objection to country;
best of city references. Address 2418 Geary.
DRESSMAKER, first-class fitter, stylish draper
and designer: thorough dressmaker; by the
day. MISS WARWICK, 830 Geary st.
NEAT, refined girl attending school will assist
for comfortable home In small family; small
compensation: city. Box 1299. Call.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, cleaning and nursing. M. S.. 134V4
Seventh st.. third flat.
WOMAN wishes situation in private family or
help In boarding-house; $10 a month; city.
148 Sixth st., room 124.
YOUNG woman with a child 3 years old
wishes a position as coolr on ranch. 21,£
Langton st.
WANTED Position to work by the day: good
' laundress, house, leaning, etc. 1650 Polk st.
GIRL wishes slturition to do light housework;
good home: $S to $10 month. Box 1300, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do light
housework. M 4 Sixth St.. nenr Brannan.
GIRL for housework, plain cooking or cham-
berwork. city or country- sl2 Buchanan st.
WANTED— By a woman to do light washing
or houseeleaning by the day; 75c. MRS.
HARRELL. 160 Clara St., in rear.
STRONG American woman wants work by the
day, washing. Ironing or houseeleaning; $1
day and carfare. Call or address 731 Folsom.
£ CHAMBERMAIDS with positions in the same
hotel. Apply at l«/ 9 Powell St.
RESPECTABLE woman, good plain cook an.l
laundress; no objection country. 731 Folsom.
GERMAN girl, good cook, wants a situation
in a private family. Call at 26 Turk St.,
v Park Hotel.
RESPECTABLE American lady with little
daughter wishes a situation as housekeeper;
short distance in country no objection. Box
1275. Call office.
YOUNG girl of good family, with some ex-
perience as store girl, wishes a situation In
a bakery or do light housework; good treat-
ment preferred to high wages. Address box
12M1, Call office.
ENERGETIC woman wishes position where
there Is a chance to advance; must have
work Immediately. 1817 Everett St.. Alameda.
WOMAN wishes to do housework by the day;
good laundresß. cook and housecleaner. 442
Jessie St., near Sixth.
GERMAN girl wants a position to do general
housework In a German family. 436 Jessie st.
COMPETENT, reliable young woman wishes
work by the day to do any kind of work. Ad-
dress box 1256, Call office.
GOOD cook and second girl for same, house,
or would do waiting or chamber work; city
or country; hotel preferred. Box 1232, Call.
SITUATION wanted by good cook for family;
city or country. Call. at 677>4 Mission st.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner, with
best references, wants work by the day: $1.
Box 1291, Call Office.
WOMAN with experience, first-class cock,
wishes to run a boarding house. Apply 748
Howard st.
COMPETENT young lady stenographer desires
a position; references. Box 1258, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes to do upstairs work and
sewing. 350 Twelfth St., corner Harrison.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeep-
er; Is not afraid of work; no objection to
country; first-class references. 150 Cook St.,
near Geary.
GERMAN girl wants a position as chamber
maid or entire housework, but prefers cham-
ber work. Call at 1022 Mason st.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored) wishes position
In private boarding house or family, or will
do chamber work. Address 1024 Jackson st.
COLORED woman, exprlenced nurse, fair cooii,
wishes situation; do not object to country;
good references. Box 1267, Call office.
YOUNG woman desires position to do chain -
berwork or plain sewing- Call or address
969 Mission bt.. room 7. first floor.
YOUNG woman v, ould Hk e position to do
light housework in good, priva«« family;
no children; wages no object: good home pre-
fened; city or country. Address 808 Center
St.. Oakland. ' ,
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St., room 1.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION.* WAKTED-UALki.
MINERS, farmers, woodsmen, laborers, team-
sters, milkers, at C. R. HANSBN & CO.'S,
108 Geary st. Telephone Grant 185.
CHINESE and Japanese <e«t*b. 10 yefcra) help;
tel. MaUi 1997. BRADLEY A CO., 640 CUjr st.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm'jTofflceT taouie
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. , G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
beat help. --, 414% O'Farrell st. ; , U.I. ' East : 426. r :
JAPANESE Employmt Office— help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISCB Polk; tel.; Polk 422.
COOK, " German, wants situation in restau- 1
rant lunch or coffee, house; competent and
steady and best of ; references. 51 Third St., :
room 3. :
GOOD baker wants position ; work on bread
and cakes. LOUIS CLEMENT. 220 Mont-
gomery aye. . ■ ■
SITUATION wanted by man and wife to take
charge of ranch on shares; long experience.
Address A. V., 425 Bush st. - .'.'.As
COMPETENT baker foreman . wants a situa-
v 0 "^ 8 a- Sv!ics:S v!i c 5 : references given. Address C.
■F., 309 Third st.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and green-house ' man
(understands care of horses and cows) wishes
situation ; good reference. Box 1305, Call.
YOUNG experienced butcher, good reputation
I BY young butcher, to drive wagon and work'
Oakland AddreBS "Butcher," 844 Broadway.;
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants work by the
! . day or month. 2623 Gutter st.
' SIT i^ i TION J wanted around private place;
middle-aged man: understands cars of horses;,
good careful driver; can milk and do garden
work; references. A. 8.. box I'M, Call.
MAN .. (young, single) wants situation as gar-
dener (flowers and vegetables), milker, etc.;
can drive and care horses; Al references;
med.um wages. . Box 1148. Call.
SITUATION wanted In the city by a fireman;
can take charge of an engine; handy with
tools. Address box 12T9, Call office.
YOUNG man who has experience in photog-
raphy and printing business wishes position.
Address 527 Vallejo st.
BARTENDER . wants situation. I. M., 1300
Turk St.. San Francisco.
7 CLASS baker (German), sober and in-
_gg ri I U8 M.r'l32 t 'N?nth t"t "t MM ° n; Clty V C ° Un
BUTCHER, young man. would like a position
in the country; a good all round butcher
Address H. D. A.. 147 Seventh st. .
WANTED— Position as foreman of ranch, or-
chard or vineyard; 10 years' California ex-
perience - strictly first-class and thoroughly
versed in all Improvements; wife Al cook
v a «i? to run boarding house; references;
Box 1268, Call office.
AMERICAN man and wife 'vant situations :
as cooks or work on ranch: reference. Call
or address D., 1037 Mission st.
GARDENER; French; experienced In landscape
and general work; best references; by the
day or month. Call or address 2221 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener wants situa-
: tion In cltv or country; good - propagator;
handy with tools; can milk; no Intelligence
> office need apply. Address R. T. BAKER.
857 Bryant St., city. S. F.
MONEY loaned on watches. diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu»
and baggage to and from. ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20, fare paid;
Protestant second girl and sew, $20; house-
work gi'.ls, country. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636
Clay st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 each. MISS CULLEN,
j 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $4 per week each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH second girl, $25. MISS~CULLEnT
325 Sutter st.
AN educated girl as nurse, 2 children, 3 and
| 6 years, $15; across the bay. MISS CULLEN,
I ■825 Sutter st.
AN Irish girl, housework. $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS. San Mateo. waiting and chamber-
work. $15 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK girl, Merced, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32:, Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, ('arson City, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter St.
SECOND girl, Berkeley, $20; cook. $30; nurse,
$20; nurse. $25. MISS CULLEN. 32.'. Sutter.
LAUNDRESS. $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
REFINED second girl and seamstress, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 315 Sutter st.
SECOND girl for Berkeley, must wear a cap,
J2O. C. R. HANSKN .<• CO., 10S Geary St.
COOK for small boarding-house, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
YOUNG neat girl (not over 18 years) for store.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
4 GERMAN cooks. $25; 6 girls for general
housework, $20: Scandinavian girl for house-
work, fee paid, $20; 8 girls for housework,
$15. c R HANSKN & CO., 108 Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES, water resort. Southern Cali-
fornia, $20; 2 waitresses, Fresno. $25; 2
waitresses, small country hotel, $15 each;
waitresses for Santa Cruz County; waitress
for Napa, see lady here, fare paid, and
others. C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
3 IRONERS, country hotel, $35 and found and
free fare; ironer, hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.,- 108 Geary St.
YOUNG neat girl put up capsules In window
of drugstore, $5 a week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
NURSE for an institution, $30: second girl, $25,
see lady here at 11 to-day; nurse. 1 child. $20:
4 cooks, German style, $25: laundress and
chambermaid, $25; plain irnner in laundry,
$20; waitress to take charge. $25; fi waitresses,
hotels, etc., $20, and a l:irge number of girls
to fill our numerous situations in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID and plain washing, private
family, Oakland, $30; second girl, Berkeley,
$20; second girl, Oakland, $20, and a .number
of second girls, city, at $20 and $25; German
housegirl. city, $20, two in family: Irish
housegirl, $25 to $30; cook. $30: Swedish cOok,
$25. and a number of girls and women for
city and country. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
GERMAN waitress, country, $20 and room; 2
waitresses, $20 and room; 3 waitresses, $5 a
week; 2 waitresses, $1 a week: 2 chamber-
maids, same place, call early; 2 chamber-
maids and wait. $15 and room; chambermaid
and wait. Alameda, $15 and room, see party
here 12 o'clock. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
AN assistant cook. MRS. LAURENCE, 306
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress; references. MRS.
LAURENCE, 306 Sutter st.
LADY'S maid: city references. MRS. LAU-
RENCE, 306 Sutter st.
GERMAN and American girls wanted: wages
$25, $20. $15. $10. MRS. SPENCER. 1321, Park
St., Alameda.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian Rlrl for
general housework. CHRIS JESSEN, Blair's
ranch. Piedmont, Oakland.
WANTED— Young girl for housework; wages
$12. 133 Hartford St.; take Castro-st. cars.
WANTED— GirI In store; work light. 256
Third st.
WANTED— A millinery apprentice; one handy
with the needle. 1717 Sutter St.. near Laguna.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 2226 Pine St.
GOOD finishers on vests and apprentice. 641V4
• Stevenson St.
YOUNG girl for general housework; German
preferred. 1202 Buchanan st.
WOMAN or little girl to wash dishes over din-
ner hours. 605 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— GirI to assist in general housework.
507 Hayes st.
WANTED— GirI for housekeeping:. 1020 Folsom
street.
OPERATORS on wrappers; power; steady em-
ployment. STENER. 416.4 Ellis St.
YOUNG business lady of refinement, unlncum-
bered, for money making business. 4o2<£ Geary.
GIRL to take oare of baby. Chase Bakery.
1923 Flilmore st. m
. GIRL to wait at table. Chase Bakery. 1923
I Fillmore c*.
OPERATOR wanted on vesta, good wages
paid. 509 Kearny St., room 2.
GIRL to assist with light housework; one to
sleep home preferred. 1228 Pacific st.
WANTED— German girl to help care for in-
valid; good home; $7 month. 125 V» Langton.
COOK. German, wants situation In restau-
rant, lunch or coffee house; competent and
steady and best of references. 51 Third st..
room 3.
GOOD singer to play piano In mining town;
$36 weekly. Box 1277, Call.
LADIES — Agent wanted, canvassing easy-sell-
ing article. D. T., box 1248, Call office.
APPRENTICE dressmaker; must b« neat
sewer. 1408^ Polk st.
AN apprentice to dressmaker. 543 Turk st.
GERMAN girl for plain housework; wages $S
to $10; good home; small family. 2426 Market.
OPERATORS on children's lace caps and hats.
BAUER BROS. & CO., 647 Market st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED opera^o7s~~olT^nlr^r~and
waists. NEWBA'JER BROS., IS First st.
GOOD girl for cooking and general housework;
wages $20. 836 Union st.
GIRL to care for baby and do light house-
work (about 15 or 16). 2830 Twenty-fourth. -
WANTED— GirI for cooking, general house-
work. Apply 2409 Washington st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds Jewelry •
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 14 McAllister
st. ; monthly troubles, etc. ; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
MALE HELP WA..TED.
16 FARM, orchard and vineyard hands wanted,
$25, $20 and $15; milker and butter maker; 5
pruners, $20 and found, fare 75c. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
95 TIE makers to cut 6xB 7-foot and 6xa 8-foot
ties, Sc, 9c and 10c each. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOYS '•
Boy to do chores on a nice ranch, 25c fare,
$10 and found; boy to ride a horse and herd
stock, $10 and found, fare $1 50; 2 choreboys
for Alatneda County. $5 and $8. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 536 Clay St.
COOK and wife for a country hotel kitchen; 4
cooks, different places: 5 waiters, $25 and
$30; pantryman. $25. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
GREAT CROWDS
Are daily leaving our offices to go and cut
wood; we want to-day 74 more men to cut
4-foot pine, 4-foot red, 4-foot oak, 4-foot man-
zanita and other wood; also 25 families to
cut wood; 3 shingle packers: 10 timber fellers:
5 crosscutters. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay St.
BAKERS
Second hand wanted; solicitor for a dairy.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TIEMAKERS, fellers, choppers, cross cutters,
shingle and box bolt makers for the woods; !
boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary. |
2 FARMERS on shares; 7 farmhands for |
orchard work, $20 and found. C. R. HAN- I
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
HOTEL porter and runner, country. $25; 'first-
class hotel porter with references for a first- ;
class city hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 i
Geary st.
WASHER and starcher, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
COMPETENT hotel runner and porter: $25
and found; see party here. C. R. HANSEN :
6 CO., ins Geary st.
HEAD porter, large hotel, good references. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
DERRICK foreman who thoroughly under-
stands chaining large rock; $2 25 a day; see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
6 MORE farmers for a large fruit ranch; $20
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary, i
HEAD cook, meat and pastry, $60; second
cook, $40. country hotel, see' party here. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
STOREROOM man who Is a good meat cutter
and carver for a country restaurant; large
place; $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary, j
THIRD cook, $45; second cook, country, $40; )
second hand on bread, country shop, $35. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
WANTED— 3S laborers about mill and woods.
$20 and board and $1 day and board; 30 tie
makers, Sc. 9c and 10c, good timber, pay
monthly, tools advanced: 20 woodchoppers, j
$1 25 cord; 10 men handy with ax. $20 per i
month and increase. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. '
WANTED— SaiIor for work In city; foreman
for small fruit ranch, $25 to $30; first-class
Germaji or Scandinavian farmers for gentle-
man's place, $25 to $30; farmers for Santa
Cruz, Sonoma and Napa Counties: farmer
and wife, $35; choreman, $20 and found; and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED — 3 more quartz miners, $3 day; tlm-
hermen for mine. $2 50 day; 5 coal miners by
contract; laborers f>r mine, $20 and board
Apply to J. F. CROt-ETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— 3 restaurant waltPrs, $10 week; ros-
taurant baker, $9 week; dishwasher for coun-
try, $20; pantryman, $7 week; cooks and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
2 WAITERS, $30 month and room: 2 waiters,
$10 week; 3 waiters. 16 and $7 week; waiter,
$25 and room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
3 COOKS. $10 week; cook, $9 week; short 'order
cook. $45 month; country hotel second cook,
$30 and room: third cook, $45 month. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
COOK'S helper, $7 week; 5 dishwashers, $4, $5
and $6 week. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
3 ERRAND boys. $3 C>n week: 3 ranch hands,
$20 month; 2 choremen; 2 elevator boys.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
BARREL washer, laundry. $20 and room. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
WANTED— VaIet and butler. $tO: butler, $40;
second butler, $25; second cook. French. $50;
third cook. $45; pantryman. $35; dishwasher,
$15: French boy for laundry. $20; French
dishwasher, etc. ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton st.
WANTED— Meat cook for institution, $40 per
month; dairyman, near city, $25; 3 miners,
$52 per month; and others. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
6 PRI'NERS, long Job. $20 and fare paid;
waiter, hoarding house, $20; man to work in
vegetable garden. $20. R. T. WARD & CO.,
60S and 610 Clay st.
SWISS man and wife, $45 to $00. MISS CUIi-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
MARRIED couple wanted by single gentle-
man living in Oakland suburbs: man must
be accustomed to work with horses: wife to
cook, wash and take care of house; wages
$25 per month. Address box 1096. Call office.
SOBER, Industrious man to do chores on small
ranch near city: must understand care of
horses and garden. Address stating previous
experience, nativity, age and wages expected,
box 1238, Call office.
WANTED — Men and women; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
SURVEYOR wanted to do work In exchange
for villa lot across bay. Room 15, 1170 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
BOY to work on ranch and drive milk wagon;
wages $10 a month and board. Address Milk,
box 1293, Call Office.
GREEN hands, seamen and carpenters for
Alaska. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. 258 Stevenson St.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
BRIGHT boy about 16 years. Address box
1304, Call Office.
YOUNG man, grocery clerk, bar; state age,
ref#rences, salary expected. Box 1303, Call.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. M. J. KELLER
CO., Oakland.
GOOD barber wanted. Apply at 1427 Octavla
st., near Post.
CHOREMAN, must be able to milk; small
wages. Jefferson Hotel, Harbor View.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near «ackson.
WANTED — A hypnotic subject: lady or man.
California Institute, 402^ Geary st.
MAN to help In dining room and make him-
self useful. Central Hotel, 530 Third st.
BARBERS— Make offer quick: good ac busi-
ness cheap; departure to Alaska. 112 Second.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD. Secy.. 102 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
• low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 'ihird St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale: best location
in ctty'. Apply at 767 Market st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room ;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
nlgtit; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13SH Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 76c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard »ts.
MARKET. 863V4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to 60c per night; $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM, 225 (Oriental)— Rooms 15c to 76c per
night; 50c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborer* and
cle.-ks. Knox Collection Agen.-y. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 9R7 Market St.. Iwlt.w Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 * w.-.-k
4~mXrKET st.— BrancjT office of Iho Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WAN r -2D-Contlnned^
CI VIL ~servlce~Government positions— so ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHbU.
Preparation, Washington, D. C. ■.-.-.:
CARPENTERS and ordinary seamen for coast
and Australia at HERMAN'S, ; 26 Steuart St. -.
PARTNER for good wine business;; must un-
derstand business. 431 Bush st. > .*'
BARBERS' Ass' n Free Employm't Office "S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant ia«. _:
FIVE men to join a company opening gravel
and quartz mine. Call at 114.'. Mission st.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED— Lady partner, widow preferred, not
over 35. with $3000. to take half interest In
a circus now organizing to tour the State or
California and Texas; no triflers. Address
box 1294. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, first-class fitter, stylish draper
and designer: thorough dressmaker: by the
day. MISS HARWICK, HO Geary St.
PARTNER wanted— Young man; $150; good
chance. Box 1270. Call office. .
FIRMTIKK \VA - 71.1).
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
Cl 5 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; »üb-
scilptions and want ads taken.
HOUSES WANTED.
TO RENT— A furnished boarding house of ho«
tel; country preferred. MRS. P. MONACO.
T4S Howard St.
FLATS WANTED-
WANTED— Modern 5 or 6 room and batl»
(middle) flat; must be in perfect condition.
Address box 1301. Call Office.
SINGLE woman would like to take flat with
a couple; no children. Address box 1290. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BY a competent piano teacher, furnished room
in exchange for instructions. Address box
1306, Call office.
GOOD table board: 5 minutes' walk from Call
Office. Box 1295. Call.
wanted- miscellaneous.
LATHE in good onler; 18 to 24 inch swing;
7 feet between centers; state make and full
particulars. Address box 1302. Call office.
WANTED— Pair of horses for milk wagon;
must be strong and cheap. Address, with
price and where. Milk, box 1293. Call Office.
WANTED— Good watchdog, cheap. Bring it
to 402>4 Geary st.
WM. MIND, watchmaker and Jeweler; gold
and silver bought for cash. 226 Ellis St.
5000 TONS of castirun at once. 204 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc."
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 304 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
LODGING HOI .> FOX SALE.
50 ROOMS; new furniture; easy pay ments.. s32oo
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2SOO
100-room corner: clears $500; only 6500
$800. only $S0O; corner, 26 rooms 800
10 rooms, on McAllister 400
32 rooms, on Geary (new) 25< 0
15 rooms, on O'Farrell: $250 cash; price.. 600
4 rooms and bath (fiat) 230
24 rooms, on Koarny: clears $200 2.'.00
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel itranslent) 1300
30 rooms; clears $2oO; new furniture 2500
10-room fiat; fine corner; clears $40 350
ROOMING-HOUSE LIST.
Boarding house, corner; fio rooms 250Q
9 rooms; rent $40; new furniture 6<>o
17 rooms; sunny side; clears $100; 0n1y... 1100
30 rooms; central; £ fronts; worth $12(i0.. 550
25 others from $200 to $l(>.ono, in payments.
HOTEL LIST.
Hotel and bakery, near city 4500
Hotel in mining town; good bar; clears
$300 1000
Others in all parts of the country from
$500 to $10,000.
BOARDING-HOTSE LIST.
15 rooms; fine corner: clears $250 IROO
10 rooms. $S.'.O; i!", rooms. |MM; It rooms.. 1050
15 rooms, on Sutter: fine house 1100
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
$750 — Don't miss this; easily worth $1500; 21
rooms; clears $85 a month. KREDO & CO.
A $500—14 rooms; n?ar City Hall; easily worth
_$KO0; a snap. KRHI") X- CO., 22' a Geary st.
$8(iO—20 rooms; well worth $1600; clears $S5; $400
cash; don't miss it. KREDO & CO.
A. KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, ~~2tVk
Geary St.
7 rooms, clears $25 above rent $ 2~>o
9 rooms, best for th« • money S _';,■>
14 rooms, all rented clear? $40 $ 5<H)
15 rooms, corner Market, rents $45 $375
17 roorrs, partly offices, clears $70 $ 650
20 rooms, new junny corner, clears $60 $1000
30 rooms, 36 rooms and 65 rooms at reduced
prices. Money to loan.
A CHANCE FOR A POBTONBttt
THE NEW WALDO HOrSE,
765 Mission St., between Third and Fourth,
San Francisco, with 94 rooms; all new hods;
on one floor; running full: has cheap rent
and long lease, with privilege of renewing
the same: on an Investment <>f $2000 for the
year 1597 eighty (80) per cent per annum haa
been realized over all expenses, whlnh can he
proved, with even better prospects this year;
is for sale on account of failing health and
old age of proprietor. Address as above or
Inquire on premises.
$175— Fine 7-room house: clearing $15 over ex-
penses monthly year round. 402 Vi Geary st.
A 14-ROOM house for sale cheap: near ferry;
.rent lowered. Call 12>i Sacramento st.
BAY-WINDOW house on Sixth st.: IS rooms;
all rented: extra-good reason for selling; $350.
Apply Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE of 12 nicely furnished
rooms for sale cheap. 340 Third st.
IS ROOMS: lodging-hnuse: well furnished; bar-
gain. Call at 946 Mission.
FOR SALE— A newly furnished fiat; centrally;'
located. Apply box 1237. Call office.
LODGING-HOT'SE of 8 rooms, neatly fur^
nlshed. 432 Ellis st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
A PAIR of turquoise cluster diamond earrings;
price was $83, our price now $66. UNCLO
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FULL-BLOODED Great Dane dog for sale.
Apply at Call office.
LARGE Newfoundland dog for sale cheap. Ap-
ply 513 Clay St.. down stairs.
A YACHT 2S feet long. 11 feet beam with
everything complete. Apply at Lee's boat-
house. Long wharf, foot of Fourth st.
YOUNG Holstetn milch cow, cheap. Southeast
corner Chestnut and Polk sts.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.'
Choice Bourbon whisky. 85 proof, $16 30: Mc-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old, $22;
Al Jamaica rum, $16 ES; extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine. 1
years old. $6 50; 4 year. $7 50: real 6 year,
$S 50: genuine grape brandy. 100 proof, 3 year,
$22: 5 year. $24 T.O; Zinfandel claret, $4 36:
Burgundy claret, $0 25: no charge for cooper-
age or drayage; it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Tlarket St.. 8. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe 'ac, 533 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. BIS Mission st.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 112C-36 Mission Ft.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 10:»-l II Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONKS. $10: Records. J." per doz. ;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 033-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal» cheap — Second-hand fireproof safe.
at 42 Main st.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
CARPET CLJOA.MXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. *
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Slitter"
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.'
CARPETS cleanad at 3c per yard; relald at 3c"
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating
alteration works, 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleanln*
Wort., 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; teTjgje 2gg
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleanTng Co. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.nr»iINE«!S CUAXCE*.
A *r-V-'t A:.h"^r!MENT'bi-e[ndiT"in in excel-
l»:.t sov»;ilty: Wrg-at trie best, equipped •' .''
■U;<J i:i t:;ir: I ; ttte; h:-.s i C'->tnp!Pt^ BJOnopOly;
poe!l!r*:y ■ l c^r::-.sr from «tO J^r pjr.t:i
«>v»i- aul boiti-s All cxp*"-*=': - a " va..ue la
utalit; tiicriuga i:ive«t:xati'J.J ai:o*.ve4. M.,
i-nes, re; Market -■ ' ;
JI7S— iJiIANCH liaery sr.i delicacy store in ao
»i -:», l.asy leoalltr: oU-esTabllehod
bu»i-.i:-fs; large Kock; ♦ nlc- llvij rooin«_ana
bath; rer.l enjy Jli; us fine trade. M. LBBS
:■•. Market sl ______
i:> ?J!37A"KANT on the best street In the ;
■'»-:-:■... ■:>•«. r ■:.' . weil fitted up;
baa jjcod ru*tonv M. '.r..-.-. 7vi Market f..
Ji»— UUTCHEIt shOTt; cirr.fr. north of Market
tt.; receiLfU la" lo %S" o*l day: fin* place; all
,-%- m \ store tr».*.?. M. LESS, ■" Marat »t.
*: >— ? EiTNER want»u In payinc r>»C»u-
rant. prtnotpsJ streeta; central; owner tlr»4
of unrell»bl.j r*'.->: SObeX tr.an; no other.
ijRSt. 7t6 Market St.
A t> < ol«i;*»UJ»U«be4 -i:Br*tr.re. W.t*i 3octor"s j
p?"cp. ;*rgr tioro and —-Tit.-.; or. traa«-;
a>aniif^<-f.irtr of 9 special U A tor s T.erhl !
trot tra4;, ni etter chance to step into a
r.r»«.--!«j» •>•:■» Business-; Partlcu'.art.. !
; \v:i.KE. 7« .■•-.•-.
?»:hJ— fORNSR ?: -c- ■ ar.fi b_". estabi!»he<l
jn»- . yrar? ar..l J iliif fir»t-cl«i«» Btor» arsJ
!•:-•>-• • llvlnß-rcOt^*; horse and wan- i
ca: \i/vc r*nt; roi* %aiu^ in »U:Ut; - »1TI— » !
tti;!^: .•. -vrriJ'.<»e. \V\<»KF.. 7H Mark*-; f..
■ MSfi— RESTJ. UR>.NT and c:sop house; --- lo-
\' cr>ti<"., opposite fho fenje«i a fir*t-_asf> p*>-
•; \' r l:i!.i«>": Seal? ?*. and above; lew reat;
* rare cbax.re and great sacrifice: owner has
1} to :eftv» for Euro** at on;e. WILKE. -V. |
'. ; Stark**, ct. i
_AKEIiV: Urn* «v«a: st?re trade »40 H«0
, ' M»st»urant: one corner -'' i
'- Caair atoro; worth K-M: price 123)
° 1./%;;,. - store: Urge t:*'lc 1100 !
Saloon; f.n«* <.or:i«r: down town ao^ 1 !
Re«tauram worth J'J'Xp; only 175
Orccerr R_3 bur: -»t 225
ii.:il!r.'«rv sVTe In good country town 700
Apply to H. C DECKER. IMB Market at |
JiM-^a'.oon. club room and cigars; fin* fljt- t
tur»«: a ?-a!i -'-» KREDO & CO., H% i
Geary st. j
JSC3— Ccrr.or ?roctrj' ai'-fl bar: value In stock; '
daily receipts X 2. KRBOQ _ CO.. OK Geary.
3*v— Flr.e saiccn; 49 minute* from city; good !
town; boußHia. KREDO _ CO., 22=* Gear}'.
CORNER grocery, bar: very good location.. s4M j
A gooc branch bakery and delicacy store. 300
A very nic« ciirar store; good location 3001
Three cotxi saloons, and 3 restaurants for ;
sale at ANDERSON & CO. S. 777 Market st. '
ii: r .' PARTNER wanted in established cash
business; will clear $75 p*r month to each, j
which will be proven by trial before you ;
buy. Pacific Exchar.se, 935 Market st. ;
J_C VESTED enables you to Join enterprise
rwir yielding 15C p«r cent monthly; no stock
cr Klondike scheme; safe, practical success, j
L'avid S'.oar.e, 110 St. Paul st.. Baltimore. ild.
FOR sal*— Branch bakery, coiU*ctl«n*ry and j
stationery, corner store, with living rooms,
. in Western Addition; kept by present owner '
if ~ears. Address this or3co.
«»— PARTNER wanted in light business I
suited to plain tsteady man: $15 to $30 a week; !
so ejcperienca required; trial given. 9 Geary
. it. room J. ]
■ STEAM merry-go-round for sale; guaranteed i
*. first-class order; $1000: part; leaving State, j
Addresa D. P. RAIRPON. 1147 Harrison «_ !
- GOOD delicacy »tore and coffee parlor: good .
location; owner going to Klondike. 123 Tay- ;
lor st. •
RESTAURANT established 3 years for sale:
no reasonable price refused; business good.
Call at £134 Jones st-. near Geary.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; t chairs; good
paying: rent $S. Cor. Twenty-fourth and j
Valencia sts.
■ CIGAR store for sale cheap; good business !o- j
cality. SIS Hayes Bt. i
$5;-— COFFEE ta.loon, elegantly furnished, on
' Market St., bet. Third and Fourth. Apply
527 Mission st. "i
; 5 BERLIN restaurant for sale cheap. 2-59 Fourth.
SALOON for sale cheap. U3 O'Farrell st.
FOR sa!e — Small grocery and bar; living
rooms; low rent. 433 Clementina st.
SHOE ship complete; tools, patching machine.
Call at 1102 Clay st.
HAND laundry for sale cheap; country. Ad-
dress box 12*5. Call. ;-..':
GRAND opportunity for the "right man with
$\l-C<<; immense business, with big. quick
profits: rare chance; etriciest investigation
solicited; particulars given on personal inter-
view. Koom 5L 4S Fourth St., San Francisco,
hours from 5:3 C to " P. m., or F. S. PHIL-
- LIPS. Fresno, Cal.
5 FOR SALE— irorr.piete planing mill plant.
; including a 50-hors*- power boiler and engine.
; •: at verj- low price. Address A. F. GILBERT,
;. Oakdal« Lumber Yard, Oakd&le, Stanislaus
" •'■ County. cal. •' ' •
j .OXE of 'he beat-paying restaurants in the city; !
.. -. -located on principal street. For particulars
•=■ i address WM. HERRMAN. 620 Washington st.
■•'BARGAIN, on account of departure: paying
■" '- . coal an.i wood tusineM In . running order;
. ."-good location. Box 1257, Call office.
" . BAKERY, nest arranged and finest fitted up In
A city; positively a pood paying business; owner
retiring. 3025 Sacramento st.
.'..HEAP this— (Rent free to right party); large
.. • part of basement to let, suitable for employ-
ment office, ai 211 Grar.t aye. .
: VERY cheap; old established restaurant doing
» fair business; going- East. 054 Mission lit.,
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 Jiving rooms; good
j placr lor man and wife. 117 Fillmcre st.
.- yOR SALE— Ch«a.p; "f>ar6er shop at 627 Com-
: raerclai. n.
A CHANCE for a bright sent or lady to buy
interest in the "Wedding Bell" publication:
.tflJO and references required. Inquire per*jii-
ally of R. BENJAMIN. 11l Elils si., city.
Hw— BaUe-y. r..'t!on a:>d circulating library and
rarnlture for !io'Jse!:e*p!ng; present parties
have r'-.n it free years; rei:t $:o. Cor. Castro
end Hecry sta.
NEWSPAPER • Btea and general news
.-.fc-eni-y : nrire ISSQt cash: i>rincipaJs only. Ad-
dress Agent, box 1245, Call office.
BRANCH bakery, confectionery, notions, sta-
tionery, ilbrart clg-ars; cheap for cash. Ad-
ciress box 3224. Call.
I-'OR saie — Good store for mar. and wife; home
bakery: all store tre3e. Apply Call office:
r.'' agf-nts.
EHOESHOP for sale; well established;- cheap
t<v.'.. 2'JCC' Hyde st., near Union.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap: fine loca-
. tion. Inquire 340 Kearny »t.
J<jO— CIGAR-store: XW. corner Caiifornia and
■ Kearny ta.
- FTRPT-CLASS.S saloon: l>est lofation: receipts
from l!o to $45 per day; nearly all day work;
too much other business: will sell for less
than half value. Grocery, corner of Sixth
and Howard st?.
PATENTS—SMITH & OSBORX. Regisfd Pat^
Agents; estabii»b«i ISC2. JIS Pine st.. city.
HONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. jewelry*
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
PLAY the' races on our new system; $#) ■
' week on $100 capital guaranteed op no charge
- ' for services. The American Turf Bureau,
-■" rooms 5 and 6. 650 Market St., San Francisco,
. BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent. estab-
lished 15 years. Address H. MATTHIESEN,
Livermor*. Cal.
PORTLAND agency thin pap*T Inquire ' this
office or at 183 Third St.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
, W. C A SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it
T27. MONTGOMERY t-t.. branch offlos at the
■'Call; want ads •?.*-■■! subscriptions taVfn.
HOHSKS.
.'. TOTTNG bvjggv rnarft for sale cheap. 34 Byea-
:;\: ;\ more art., off Seventeenth ft.. Max Valencia.
-••KLONMKE pack mules and burr tot tale.
• v Horan'it Stockyards, Tenth and Bryaat Ma.
'.BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts Ufudtt. sold
, or »x ha:.gel; cheap stAi-ag*: V' Siorsas; roust i
• ■ell. T. V. vnv/KLI.. JSf»2 Mission, cor. Hth.
'4C HORSES tor «*;«: uiar. wagons, faugxtc*,
certs, harness; Gran 4 Areada .Ilorse Mar-
ket. 527 Hint!: St., auction pales '•.•:}• Wed-
nesday. fulltva>: & DOTLK, Auctioneers.
r.:. LARKIN ST.— Branch off.'* of The Call.
SubsertpUont nnd rmnt ais |ak< n ■
. ;■ WA(.o:;s AMI C.\!IJ;iA«KS.
'.. £ T£ +&\ at'bwy«:os th» *- • t.'Wand <!arriag^>«,
% "^ires md wagonet:*- ; .j in cx-:haase.
. P-BRXEN ft SONS. cc-»;.. i«a Oat* at*.
'• _^--^_Polk at.
E^i^»-HANI> xrocery. "" — < ■• v fcJtvsry
*'Sor.«, •«-hee;»d carts, rtiaa wagocii, bag-
r'i ?, lvJ hamene bergaias for >.«!:. ¥":rteer.t!s
•-.'Tn-U. its.
f^" I ', !fl " r -« !rv - baker** «r.i mils: warms <-hea:i
hue™- 'f r i««tallia«nt«; l fine top and op-o
•> > ■"■ •» l^ba V. (i2i Harrison ' at. _
R lub^?,^ ST-SraiTcTJ~^ffl« of ThTcell.
..„_ . - rtm "» ar "> -!■-•■ ads Tai'.en. .
. STORAGE. "" ',
— . _l h !xtb; open ewsjsinrt
fc AT lowest rr'« T.t ....,,-
■■•■ej-.0.d goods, pJanos; *A-
■■^»^y&Mte t.'^?sst .'^?5s- ltf ; s., L^
TYVI -UUITEKs.
Y^T^B^^^^^gr^
PERSONALS.
WASTED —To know ■ the . whereabouts of J
CHAKLES OBER; 13 years 'old: large forage. i
AdJreatr F. H. OHKR. :.^7 Mission St. j
MATKIMOMAI.. .
\I.U seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pagef; no $3 re-
quired. Editor. 111. Ellis St.. San. Francisco.
' ; V; • "HUSINKSS PERSONALS.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
cher.l'le-wnve rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carp*: twine. In :^nk or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 70» Fifth. Oakland.
OT'lNOn'ia. a : perfect hair tonic; harmless.
b.jneticlal.. O. LSDERER. Ul Stockton st.
NEW method massage, electric treatment; i
heated room? MRS. JOHNSTON. 514V4 Geary. |
THE beaut of hair can only be retained by \
ar«ful dressing. I charge but Kc. Gool j
switches. $: beat, finest quality. $3 i-O: extra ;
heavy, long. $&. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. j
G. LEDERER. HI Stockton st. •
- ";REVEN"hiis actually proven his ability j
to cure ever? Ice ruined by bad habits or .
poor singing" method* and develop it to the ,
creates* Siren«th aii'l beauty in & short time. :
Murphy builllng. Market and Jongs Ms. j
v j c b 7 v DERSON. baths, massage; - Swedish
ameal WS Market, room IS.: second floor. :
THINKS moved. J.V:. Ccmm-rclal Transfer
Co.i a Stockton St.: phone Main 49. .- • ■
ELECTRIC liPhts In every room; Winchester
Honae U Third st.. or. Market: W» rooms,
25c to SI f-0 per -.iKht; $1 M to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge button*, mad* in •
8«i, Francisco at Eastern price.. WALTER
N. BRUNT. R2c. Clay rt.. B. F.
CAL Institute. «m* Geary; hypnotism taught; j
diplomas lastied: dowses and habits cured.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. _.
1.1.M05. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. KEO-
HAU.S *• CO\. tailor-*. 11} Kf-^rny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-mad* *ults retailed at
whnlpyal* flrnr^- i 0 Pansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
jr, up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 35.
CLAIIIVOVAXTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
wiil reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies.
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to"s p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. P»M stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, room*
25 and ?5. ltO6 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight:
diagnoses disease: fun life reading: ladles 50c.
gents sl: palm, and clalrv.; sit. H 50. 12« Turk.
MISS TROT from Chicago, magnetic healer
and carl reader. 1015 Market, rm. 17, id floor.
BOSS CLARK, card reader and palmist. 130 A
Eddy St.. room 3. .
MRS. JOHNSON, card reader and magnetic
healer. 11 <! : - Ellis st.. room 41.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; Jsc up; German spoken. 73 Fourth St.
MME. ARCHER, clairvoyant and mind-reader.
• 101H Grant aye., room 15.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market st., room 41. top floor.
MME. LE NORMANDE. clairvoyant, card-
reader. magnetic treatment 401 Leaven worth
IDA INGLE WOOD.- card-reader, magnetic
healer. 126 Fourth St.. room 23.
MME LINEMAR tell» fortunes by planets;
prd'td "74" steamer on Island. 53% Sixth, r. *.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healinir. 122 Poet St.. room 10.
MME. IDA SCHMIDT, magnet Ist.; car.l reader
and fortune teller. 224 O'Farrell. r. 4 and 5.
MIPS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 12^'s Oeary st.
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; !Sc up. 5 Fourth st. ■
MTSP EDNA V GRANT. Ul Taylor st room
3: mind reader and palmist.
MR?. SHAFFER, tent and business medium;
sittings dally. I:3^ Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— In her pro-
ff-siMon: never fails: advice: help. 91* Post.
SPIH. r TUAL,IS3I.
JOHN SLATER.- »rrand test seance to-night.
S sharp. 909 r Market.*- Admission 15 cents.'
CIRCLE to-day. 2 p. m.. 25c: sittings dally,
$1. MRS. ROBINSON. U7i> Market St.
V.Mr YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 10c 603 McAllister Ft.; fine music.
CIRCLE to-day. 2 o'clock: Tuesday * o'clock.
imi Oak St., MAYO STEERS; reading* $1.
GRAN: convincing spiritual test to-nUht
from platform. 1*- PROF. GEE. 957 Market.
MRS. ALICE FAY. medium and magnetic
healer, 32 Lewis St.. off Jones, near Post.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant : circle Tues.
Frl. eves.. 10c; readings daily, Re. 50c. 10S 6th.
MISS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
npfritual sittings. !30 K«arny st., room 24.
A. M FRANCIS, Independent slate- writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Haight st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNET. spiritual medium, (or
messages and advice. 21S Stockton st.
fIS LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subseripticns and want ads taken. -
V -: HYPNOTISM.
S. F. COLLEGE OF SUGGESTIVE THERA-
PEUTICS, 911 Van Ness aye.; demonstrations
every Friday evening, 8 o'clock: free; private
lessons daily. „. -
CAL. Institute, 4<"'2V^ Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and. habits cured. -.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE . •
Wanted— lS more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in ■ the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
YOUNG man of experience In gravel mining.
who has good chances in the Klondike coun-
try, wishes to be staked by lady or gentle-
man under a contract for two years to locate,
work or bond mines, water rights, timber
sites, town lots. etc.. for half of profits : best
of references. BEANS, box 1264, Call office.
TWO respectable women would like engage-
ments to go to Klondike as cook and walt-
res3. Address box 12S». Call Office. -
DOGS for Klondike— strong dogs for Imme-
diate use. 530 Van Ness aye.
FOR sale— Three (?) Scotch collie do«rs, suita-
ble for Klondike work. Apply C. KRAMER,
400 Pacific st. :. tip;
WHAT yon roust have—Th* only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
I'R il'.p Shoe Co.. 139 First St. - •■■-.--
tt r ANTK7>7-C«0 men to buy the new Pitt or rip
saw; works both ways like a crosscut. 17-19
Fremont St. , ■ - .
KI-ONT'IKERS—SirecIa 1 rates for a limited I
number going by Victoria. Call or write
rcVit Third st. . .. " : - • . .
FOR SALE— 4 bin St. Bernard dogs; trained
for Klondike. Box 1153. CaM office.
VESSEL^ for sale; steam or sail. river or '
<-cfan. H.G. SHAW, 4 Putter st. - . I
KLONniKB provisions, lowest price*, packed
end delivered to bnats. SBARBORO A CO..
v";' l«-«a!e and- retail rroc#r«. 531 Washington.
TEAS.
TEAS.
20. 25, 80, 85, 40. io per pound,
COFFEES.
16. 13. 20. 25. 85. 43 per pound.
SPICKS, -
10.1M.20.K. 40 per can. : '
KUNNINO JW STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERT CHEAP.
• WE -GIVE FREE . -
. PRETTY DIBHSS. . .
GOLD WATCHES. ,
BICYCLES.
MUSIC ' BOXKP,
AIR RIFLFB . .
OP.BAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA' CO.
< .-,- - i Stores -Everywhere. " . • ' .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
HOUSES; TO LET. . . ; _ ;
ALiir^VER~TOW n^-^,^-^^ -..-
■ You • see - houses to -" rent - by ; BALDWIN B *
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. . ■'* •- •'- -•■
DEVISADERO. 717— House, 7 rooms, bath; rent
%70; stable If desired. ,"• . •
HOUSE of 7 rooms, '• bath, $17; cottage of 5
rooms, bath. 14; also corner flat of 5 rooms,
. bath. Jl3. 1152 East Fifteenth St., cor. 23d aye.
HOUSE 7 rooms, bath and laundry: I garden
front and rear. 732 Shot well st.
HOUSE. of 5 rooms; large grounds." Apply 401
' Third st. ' • • { , - .
JULIAN aye.. 117. near Sixteenth and Mis-
slon— 7-rcom house; latest improvements, $15.
MODERN sunny house of 9 rooms; every Ira-
proven:er.t. SU Devjsadero st. .
HOUSE. 5 rooms; In - fine orler. like new.
- 1537 Kearny at., near Greenwich.
~~ FURNISHED j j HOUSES!
FURNITURE, etc.. of a 5- room Ijouse; - privl-
lege of renting premises. 218 Elm aye.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145. Call office.
PART of a furnished house to rent. Inquire at
1713 Clay St.. near Polk. ' • ; . , . .
TO RENT— Furnished residence of 11 room*
with attic and basement.- Apply 1255 Octa-
vla street, between Ellis and O'Farrell; $80.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 8 sunny rooms in good order.
224>»i O'Farrell st. ; rent $12 50.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and large basement;
rent $15. 356 Fell st.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and S rooms, bath; base-
mpnt: yar.i. <-hf.tp. IS7<; 15th st.. nr. I>olores.
FLATS '1 0 LET.
AN offe- for 5 days; one-half month free; flats
and cottages; |10 and up. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN — ~
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. Ie Montgomery *t.
BAKER. 30S. opposite Park Panhandle — & room«
and hath: modern, rent $23.
BZ>DT, 1641— Healthful sunny corner flat; 6
rooms, bath; modern Improvements; rent
reasonable.
FELL. 11 IS— Upper flat 6 gunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FLAT to let. Apply at 333 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
ing and private house. 951 Folsotn. near Sixth.
FRANKLIN, 214— Nice, sunny tenement, 5
rooms, bath; modern improvements.
GEARY, 1513— Flat of 5 nice sunny rooms; to
adults: $17. Apply on premises.
j GUERRERO. 1411. near Twenty-sixth— 6 rooms
and. bath; $16. -
\ HOWARD, 72SU— A fat of 5 r<k>ms tn good
j order. Key at 7SS. upstairs.
MONEY leaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE *H ARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
O'FARRELL, »2V- Furnished basement, cheap,
with large >ard and kitchen.
SOUTH PARK. 107— Elegant sunny flat 7
rooms; modern and new; rent reasonable.
SUNNY side flat S rooms; rent reasonable;
: furnished or unfurnished. 1610 A California st.
SUNNY upper flat of S roofna, bath and baee-
, ment; cheap to adults. App'.y 1007 Oak St.,
I near Scott.
j $30 — Sunny bay-window flat: 6 rooms and bath-
room. 1710 Washington St.. near Polk.
I $22 50 — Sunny ha y- window flat; fi rooms and
j bathroom. 1633 Clay st., cor. Polk.
. WALLER. 3X2'*— Upper flat of 4 rooms; bath
and cellar.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CENTRAL '- Second)— Front room.-, c<>mplet»
j for housekeeping; single and double; cheap.
! FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
I rooms, $13; 2. $12; also single room, $5.
I GEARY, 111— Front • room with kitchen: com-
plete, for -housekeeping: other rooms; offices.
GEARY, 42V-Light housekeeping ■ and other
sunny single an.', double rooms: no children.
i GEARY; 51$— Elegant surshy furnished rooms.
! $S up; also suites; gas, bath; housekeeping. ■
'. GEARY. 1917— 520 for adults; 4 comfortabU
rooms; bath: 2 beds; gas and coal . stoves,
all necessaries.
! GOLDEN GATE. 404— Sunny floor; 4 rooms for
: housekeeping; also unfurnished basement.
GOLDEN GATE, 1 620— Sunny; parlor floor: com-
! plete for housekeeping; ?25: also basement.
' GOLDEN GATE, 1060— I or » large, nicely fur-
,nl»hed rooms for housekeeping, or single.; .
gas cook stove; free use of, telephone. \ i
i HICKORY AYE.. 1S1 — Two j-uites of large
housekecpln rmi. : every convenience: $8 up.
i HOWARD. 704— 2 large, sunny. rooms complete
for housekeeping, $12; other rooms, $1 week. !
HOWARD. 819 (The Hanover)— Furnished bay-
1 window rooms; $2 per week; also housekeep- I
ing. ; "• :
HOWARD, bl— One room. $*; 2, $9; also other
rooms. " ' ■ "'. . ■ . .
' HOWARD, 1059 1 — sunny rooms:- complete for
housekeeping: ii mo.; single, double rooms.
HYDE, Two sunny furnished rooms com-
j plete for housekeeping: rent tlfi per month"..-.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished front
sunny large housekeeping rooms; $8 to $10;
j single. $4. v^
JESSIE, 439—2 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $S 50.
' LARKIN, — 2 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $10; double room, $$. <
i MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
i low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
j NATOMA. 701. cor. Eighth— 2 connecting front
rooms for housekeeping; cheap.-
NEW MONTGOMERY, Complete furnished
I housekeeping rooms. $6 per month; single. $4
POLK. GOS-iLarge sunny bay-window room,
with kitchen: $13 month: water, gas.
POLK. 1602— Z nice, light rooms furnished for
housekeeping, $1$ month; running water. ;
PROSPECT place, 123. between California and
Sacramento— 2 large front sunny furnished
rooms. $8 month;- housekeeping if desired;
German family. I • •
SEVENTEENTH. 3f22— 5 sunny furnished I
rooms for housekeeping, bath connecting. $10. •
SIXTEENTH. Large double parlors with
regular kitchen, sunny, furnished, $16; un-
furniehed. $11. ,
STANLEY Place, 15— $10. 6 nice sunny room*.
including bath.
, STEVENSON. 1204—2 sunny front rooms, un-
furnished, $4 per month. . ,
; SUTTER, 913— Large 'unfurnished front room
with alcove: modern conveniences; private
family. •
i THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms,, com-
I plete; .front, first floor; bath, . gas. . y
TURK. 130— 8 or 4 newly ' furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping. .. ■ ■ _ . ..
VALENCIA, corner -Twenty-fourth— Bay-win-
dow room: housekeeping; ' running water;
bath: range. -
ROOMS TO LET.
! ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny at.— Pleasant
cunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in tvery respect; terms reasonable. -
BOHEMIA, 239— Newly furnished sunny rooms
3 blocks from Palace; transient; reasonable.
BUSH. 70$— Elegantly furnished sunny front '
parlor, 1 10: private family.
DELAWARE. 1101 Market— Furnished single
; and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 212 (The . Lexington)— Rooms per night ;
SOc "to $1; week. $2 to $6; families. , .
EIGHTH. 22?— Lower floor, unfurnished rooms- !
yard; $3 50 month. " ' " '
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents- I
H and $7. - : ■■-.- :, v ' |
GOLDEN GATE, ICO", near Buchanan— small •
sunny roomM, $f. per month each; also one
large front room, $7. . : ■ : ■
GRANT' SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Plc&sant sunny rooms, en suite and I
single: .elevator; moderate rates; families. !
GRANT AYE.. Sunny large suites; also
single rooms. $€: day. week or month. .-.
HANCOCK HOUSE. -781 Mission; street fatally
rooming house: $1 GO to $4 ver week.-
HOWARD, '.-'. .:" « ST, : DAVIDS— rooms;
suites;; tlngta; SUOUy reading-room; 35c up.
HOWARD ■ 72SH-A flat of 5 rooms; In good
• order. K«y upstairs. . . . - .
HOWARD. -Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suit.;*; other rooms. $5 per mo. up. ,
JESSIE." 445. upjtalrs— furnished sunny i
: from room; rent to. -'.-'-' -'-,--■■ • . .-.
KEAKNT, 223 <Charleston)-^-Cleanest, nicest
furnished suite and (Ingle rooms in city; rea-
< sonable-. • ■ ■ '■'•.- "..•-.-■ -•'
MCALLISTER. 111- $6 a mo., nice sunny single
room; parlors $10 up; light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. H6— Nicely furnished front
3»lte; $15 per month: hot and cold water. /?
MINNA. B*— Furnished rooms to Jet; 7Ec to $1
per week --■:;: *-.. j r. % ■..:■-- ■-..,- -. , :■..-.-.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— ..«wly furnished
; bay window room; $1- a- week. -. " ■_ ...
MONET loaned on watches, diamond*, Jewelry:
low snter»*t. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Urant
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
NEW FRANKLIN. 321 Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
PINE.. 1239— Nicely furnished front room. $10
month': private family: gentlemen preferred.
POWELL. 203 'The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single, rooms: reasonable; transient.
R. R. HOUSE. 533 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Bed*. 10c, 15c. etc; coffee ar.d rolls free.
SEVENTH. 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House. X Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single: day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
STOCKTON. 611. r.ear Pine— Splendid suite of
3 lanre furnished room?: garden, bath.
SUTTER. 3«H— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
central; reas<inable: single or en suite.
SUTTER. 309— Changed hands: new furniture;
suites or single: transient: terms reasonable.
SUTTER. 7K-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and-unfurn.: choice and sunny; reasonable.
TURK. MS— Nicely furnished rooms: clean;
hath, etc.: $."> per month: double. $10.
VAN NESS". 518— Sunny back parlor; privilege
of housekeeping If desired; %\l.
4 MARKET BT-— Branch office of The Call.
Want ad? and <= u l °' rlitions taken.
BOARDING AND ROOMS
- - ~^^. .---^ "~-- -. Jw^. ,„ I
WANTED— In a quiet Protestant family where !
then? are no ether boarders, two gentlemen, '
either friends or brothers, who would be will- .
me to occupy one sunny room with separate :
• beds; bath included: terms very reasonable; !
references exchanged: quiet neighborhood;,
car* pass the door. , Address A. P.. K54 F.)i-
som st. 1 * ■'"■•.>:* .'• -y
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms: first -class board. $3 50. ■;_ ■■_
FOLSOM. sh— Swedish private boarding, with
room." ?4 to '$3 'per week: nice location.- .-■
CHILDKEX BOARDED.
WANTED— or 2 children to board; good care;
tfnriS low. 19QS Sutter st. ■■--.. .
LOVING care, Funny home, enr.utrh to eat, for i
little ones; reasonable. 1530 Eddy st. •
— — — ■—^— —77^_^_^—-— -— ■— i^ — ■ .
STORES TO LET.
stork. 3 r. cellar and yard; rent $14.
321 Ninth. St. ...' . ' v ' .;■ . *'
MISSION, Store and three living room*.
i . $10 per month. Apply upstair*. '
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette ' sts. ; cheap rent. - ..-./<,.
TWENTY-SECOND. 332*— Store, three rooms
and hall; large yard: rent $!_'
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
I States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. '" ■■' • ' .• - ' ■-' --"-••-.-' -'-..■■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Port. Book- !
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ- i
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch- !
te; electrical, clvi! _ mining engineering, sur- !
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; UCiO grad- ;
uates, placed since ISS2; catalogue. . .
AY RES' Business College, 723 Market St.; '•
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing. ;
bbokk«epins. telegraphy, etc: life scholar-
ship. $.r0;. r 0; low rates per week and month. ..
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, mln- i
ins, m»ch-. survey, assay, archlt. ; day _ eve.; ;
est. ml VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 555 Market St. ' ■.;.=.
LATEST method of teaching Spanish: 1* trial ,
les*r<n free; can call at residence: references. ;
! Address H. L. GUEYDAN. 51« Shrader st.
' LUDLAM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92$ Sutter- it.
I FISK Agency. BZS Market Bt.'— Teachers fur-
nished: public; private: governesses; tutors. •
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school, 317 Devisa-
dero; adults, Fri . 8 p.m.; children. Thu.. t:s*.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1256 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '95; 103 In "97. ■
INSTRUCTION ia tapestry painting, etc, : l_.
eons. Be. Studio. 419 Geary st., room 12.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUB, 39 Firth.
VOICE culture. piano Paris graduate: French." :
Sranlfh: new classes: T2 mo. 105 Taylor st. .;
i> MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ; ";
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE 7
GOING TO BUY a PIANO?. - :
WELL. NOW,. WHAT DO YOU WANT? ; ,
A piano made in list, with every dollar ex-.
pended on the Instrument, modern 1 in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old- piano made from 1841 scales? • <
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from • top to bottom and will back It with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and Ktore, and as the manufacturers also
back this lm?tn>rnent with J2.000.000, this, I
think, a good guarantee. ' •• .-.--..: ;
The piano is the Kingstmry.- -, -. ;;
' The price Is 1225. ; - * >
The address Is Haves Ft
The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT. ' '
ANY person 'having use for a piano need not
• do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of *3. $4, {.%. $6, tl. $8, $9,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded: -no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, • CLAY A CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Putter sts. § •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west' of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
"6, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other "musical Instruments of all
grades, and .prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything! possible dene to please and
satisfy the customer.
EASTERN factory prices; special bargains in
used pianos this week: agency Hardman.
Chase Bros., . Dewing Bros., -etc; Steinway.
$150. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor.
Flood Building. Fourth and Market sts. ■.
A FINE; line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices. Including.
Steinways, Chickering, Hallett ; & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO.. 533 Market st.
FINE tone, large size upright, $11"; great bar-
gain; new Decker & Son ami Gibson, pianos
at low. prices. MAI'VAIS. 769 Market st.
A GOOD piano. $85; one for $125: Chickerlng.
. Weber, Mathushek and others: pianos (or
rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell.
COLBY pianos are the best for the' money in
the market; highest award at World's Fair:
call and see for yourselves. -933 ' Market st. .
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. NeWby. Evans,
. Briggs and other pianos: see our rent ' plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 , Post st. ' ]
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 73" Market st. / ; :
PIANO, lovely .instrument, equal to new; sac-
rifle* for H3. : 1181 Mifslon st. ;' ."; T-."
DURABLE upright piano, action perfect,
for sale on Installments.- 221 Leavenworth st.
BARGAIN— Steinway piano In first-class
condition, only $100. 108 Post st. . . •■■■•>
»IK— Fine upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter st., next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ. .
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, t7S up. W.C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNA BE ' pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at. ' •"■;>.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place..
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis. ;
3.19 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The , Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. -...-■■ •■■'/-■{■■
DBSTISTS. v. .; '
FULL set of teeth. $3; painless extraction; see ,
our combination plate, thin as. paper;' war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and . bridge work our. specialty: . teeth im-
planted or transplanted: fillings. 50c; "crowns,
$3 00;' all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Ft. . ,
A FULL set' of teeth. Jsl! painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of. crown . ami !
bridge work; crDv.-ns, W ■■'<: fillings. 60c: all !
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
prices are always the lowest- in town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor. IS Third st. • :■ .--■ '--.-. .',
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; , painless
dentistry:* no shock: .painless extraction % a
positive fact: full set °" teeth, $5- up; silver ;
fillings, 2.V.- up. gold crowns. $3 60 up; your :
teeth put In without "a plate: open evanfngs. |
SS7 Market st., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1835. j
NEW ybnK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50c:
plates, J.: gold filling, 75c up; silver. 25c up;
platos.mcßdsd, Jl -upt special . Inducements
to KlonJikers: cpen evenings and ■ Sundays.
SCO- Mission St.. 'cor. Sixth/ ■■ "» • y i-. - -
DR. LUDLITM HILT*. 1«3 Market, nr. 11th; no.
■ charge for retracting when plates are made: !
old |)late» mnOe over like new; teeth from $5
per set; extracting COc: gas given.. r: '/■*■■;..<'-■-•
DR.. GEORGE W LEEK, -genuine Leek dent-
Ist. -. discoverer " of painless -extraction i and
. patentee. of Improved bridge work'* or, -teeth -
without j plate, moved .from « to 20 O'Farrell.
L A. TEAOUR. A. CANE «nd F. TEAGUE.
removed .to OaJl bid*., Bth^ floor, rms. : (03-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st/ . . .. ■> ;--.--. .[:,■
SET of, teeth without a plate. . DR. H. C
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st. : - ■
CITY -!EAti E2STATE.
AL. HORIGRtT^' LOUIS A. SOUC.
L. A. SOUC & CO.,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected:
465 and 457 Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission property,
and are right on the »i«st. we can save you
time and money by calling on us at once.
$9Vo— 24xV>: Miscion st.; a bargain; J-story
building, containing a store and 3 room.*: 2
flats. 5 rooms and bath each; al! In Al order.
$5000 — 2?xlfis: Guerrero st.: modern home;
bay-window house, S rooms and bath: house
cost $4SOO to buil'i: a snap.
$3<X)0— JOxloo; 16th st., near Valencia: old
Improvements ; fine location for store and
flats: cheap.
$6f*o— 2sxBo; Valencia St.; store and flat;
frood Investment.
$5"00 — ?,0x;-0; Albion aye.. near Valencia:
modern flaw of 5. S and Z rooms: bath: street
work all dr>ne: rents for $,"; per month.
$2650 — 23x7r, ; San Carlos aye.; cheap home;
house, 7 rooms; bath: easy terms.
Vacant Lots.
$1000—25x114; Twentieth st., near Church.
$W«V_ 2,">xll4: Eighteenth St., near Sanchea
$iw>— 2sxll4; Jersey st.. near Church.
$10f*— 25x114: Twenty-third St., m-ar Noe.
$550x100: Sanchez si., near Nineteenth.
$1100— 2$xll4; Clipper St.. near Church.
L. A. SOUC & CO..
4K5-467 Valencia st.. near Slxtet-nth.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. ■
„ Room A, First Floor, . Crocker Building, .i-
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100, $150 to $250— Level lots to build on: near
Mission st. electric cars: only $3 monthly. 1 :
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.'
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.' ; '
| $3-V\ $400, $430 to $S3o— Graded lots and streets:
splendid '• view of ' park; $23 down and $10
monthly. ; : SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400. $400 to $800— Choicest • building lots in-
Richmond; perfect bargains: buy now: easy In-
stallments. . , SOL GETZ & BROTHER..
$1400 to $2200— Several nearly new 4 to « room
■ modern cottages; best locations in Richmond
and Sunset Heights districts; easy terms.
. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$223— BARGAIN— Lot on graded street near
car line, Sunnyside.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
V .' Crocker Building.
— — — -Z~
$1400— cottage. 4 rooms and bath: lot 25
by 125; 429 Douglas st. Call at SPECK'S.
Market st., or M Mission- St. • ..
NEW house, 7 rs.. bath: easy, terms; Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Ca»«.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY 1O LOAN.
ANY amount at €\i per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate in probate, life insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGA.N, 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3. „• _.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
. land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
. NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. .
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no . com. R. - 68. 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
. pianos, furniture or Jewelry; nil business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. ' E.
DOITGAN & CO.; 230 Kearny St.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at t!ie lowest rates. * Baldwin Jewelry
Store. "948 Market st.: tel. Green »M. .
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no. commission: : $25 up;
private' party. BONELLI, 402 Geary st.
LOANS (in real estate and on furniture •or
pianos without removal; any amount: lowest
rates. BECKER ft CO., 32* Montgomery st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; .low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established 1569. . .
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; 1 Ist nnd Id mortg.;
any proposition. Pryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any mm: Ist and M mort-
j gages, estates, etc MURPHY. 628 Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 115 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry. , . .
CIS LARKIN— cfflce of The Call. Sub-
- scription* and want ads taken;- s^' ".
FINANCIAL.
i LOANS en real estate, ; bonds. .' etc. ; - lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 105 Sfontgomp-— st.
■'•[_- -..MEDICAL.-;-'. ' ;..[<*■■■■■ ■
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
JO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
. etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 69
McAllister st.; pills. ii. ■ . ■■ - ■■'.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever ' eauw* res-torwl at oncf: safe
- and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
■ aid: ■ instant relief for travelers;' tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
' best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and capsules, $1. ,
MRS DR. WYETH, 91S Post St., nr. Larkin.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore • every :
case of monthly sickness from ! whatever
i cause in few hours when medicines and others
have failed: no instruments used: many
years' experience: every case guaranteed; ad-
' vice free: terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LEY, 1126 Market St.. over Owl Drugstore. >
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female ;
diseases; a home in confinement, with best i
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or disccur-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st. -
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
'instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore in 1 day; never fails: [
consultation free: can be sent, and used at
homo. DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny; orders by
. telephone.
: A TREATMENT' that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities* (from what-
i ever cause); no instrument* turn): cure at of-
fice. 15: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AM' MRS. KOHL. HIS Market st. - ■ ■
LADIES. Chichester 1 s English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) bent:, safe, reliable: take
no other: cend 4c**tamps for . particulars.
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical -Co.. Phila.
DRS. "GOODWIN, diseases of .women; "ladies;
safe, quick curs guaranteed: any ailment; .
maternity home.; bent care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. »S. 401. Van Ness.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro: price
$1 '0. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. : send
Ie stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing. Co., 581 X st.. Bacraraento, Cal.
ALPEATTS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; %2 50; I
express C. 0.D. : don't delay until too late. '
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal. ;
BAD* legs, made (rood: all Bwoilen or ulcer-
ated-limbs quickly cured. DR. : MYERS.
Stockton. Cal. ;.: treatment by mall. . - ; .
CAPSULETAS— Preventive: sure: harmless; '
guaranteed or money refunded. MME. MAS- j
SON. *■ 1223 Geary -ft. ," -4
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; Oiseasea of' wo-
men and children. '■-< . ■ , , :
VALUABLE medical receipt for sale; marriea
j ladles Investigate. Box 1187. Call office.. «.
LADIES— Mrs- Dr. Puetz: infallibla. safe rem-.
edles: ZS year"' experience. 234V4 Fourth st.
HOME" in confinement: 'diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FT'NKE. 141*; Sth st.. Alameda.
DRS. K. *&■ K. cure chronic, nervous, blood.
skin or private d!s -sea. 8 Mason st., B. F.
"" - LOST. [.://"■■, V
LOST— On steam cars at Cliff House. February
* 22, a black leather * purse containing ; $20 40:
owner's name, on cards. Finder please send!
or leave at Presidio P. O. ; suitable reward.;
FOX terrier ■ hitch: red ribbon and ii collar ; * pet
•„■ of : little girl: reward. . . 2213 Vi Mason- nt;
ELEVENTH. • 106— Branch . office : of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken. . .■■'.- . ,
"77"". ■.;.'■■ LEGAL NOTICES. ; -:
DEPARTMENT , No. - 10, Probate— ln the Su.
perior Court In -and for the City and County
.of San Francisco. State of California— ln th«
matter of . the ; estate , of. JACOB C. JOHN-
BOX, deceased. . ..;::;,, .. "-.y <-:«-. ■••■..
! - Notice is -hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day of - February. vA. D.. 1898. at 10
-■ o'clock n. m. 'of said day, >: and the courtroom
. of Department : No. 10. ' of : said : court, at th«
New City Hall, in the City ami County <of
San •"■ Francisco,' State of -,. r California',- ■ have
' been appointed as the time "and , place for
proving the will of said -. JACOB 'C. JOHN-
■ SON, ' deceased, and for • hearing the applica-
tion of ANNA E. JOHNSON for. the issuance
to her of letters testamentary. " ■ —- - ■■-'.•
. Dated February 11. A. D/ISSS. .' r. : - -P*~i
-.-,■ ■-.' CHARLES CURRY.- Clerk.' * ; .
(Seal) By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
J. A. STEPHENS. Attorney fdr - Petitioner.
, - Room *03, Clam Spreckels building. ■,;.->;■■
COtTXTRV ESTATE.
IDO YOU WANT »: , - :■: "
5 ;.A , Fruit. Grain 'or Grazing* Ranch? . - *
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered. at less than foreclosure prices
- VV, IN CAPAY VALLEY,
The earliest fruit section.' well settled and only
M miles from San Francisco by rail.
.; . FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
- *5 5 4 acres near Winter 5......... $17 50 per acre
2030 ncrcs near Esparto ....$2O 00 per acre
160H acres : near Tancred ...:.. $20 00 per.acre
10.1 acres near Winters ......■..522 50 per acre
' 131 . acres near Madison ;.......$3O 00 per acre
320' acres -near Winters .„.. . .'.s3o 00 per acre.
16i» 3 acres near Capay $40 00 per acre 1
ALSO
1280 acres near Swingles .....$ 2 25 per acre
4SO acres near Merritts $15.50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnigan....'..:...slloo per acre
—ALSO ■'- '■• x
1105 acres near Willows ....... $27 50 per acre
" hOO acres near Anderson, ■ Sacra-
mento River bottom... $15 50 per acre
GRAZING LAND. . -
:t?>?\ acres flanking Capay Valley.s4 00' per acre
4?!fl — acres flanking Capay Valley .J2 75 per acre
S76K- acres adjoining Capay. Val.s2 25 per acre
ItM acres adjoining Capay Vat. s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff. ;.V $2 00 per acre
•2 ■•".-'•"- -""■'-* . * •Me A FEE BROS.. "
: KM "Montgomery !>t.. San Francisco, Cal.
MILL -VALLEY— sale, house, furnished, or.
unfurnished: very reasonable; lot 50x150.- Ad-
i dress box BS4, Call Office. • ' - ■"'
LITTLE homes close to town; .improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St., g. F. ; • .
BOOK and list of • cheap " land [ free. M. .U.
GRIFFIN. 1 - rottonwood.*-Bhasta-Count7. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IX LARKSPUR.
Villa lets and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city: cottage* for rent. • AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st. .. . .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
| OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
' OAKLAND • KEAI. ESTATE.
$75 -WILL buy a lot worth $150; 55 cash, $5
. monthly; Ailendale Settlement. East Oak-
land, and now covered with homes ' and
buKling up rapidly; build your home or we '
; will build it for you; payment as rent; all ■
\ streets graded: some macadamized: 3 elec- '
i trie-ear lines and fine scnool; view, climate i
! and soil the ben; call or send for circular, •
! 459 Ninth St.. bet. Washington > and Broad- :
way. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONE3.
owner. ••*■-•_-
BEAUTIFUL piece of property for sale near
Lake Merritt and boulevard, in Oakland: IOOx
135; price $2000; owner wants to so to Alaska.
Address or. call P. STILLER, care of Schles-
Inger & Bender. 104 Clay *t.. S. F. :
FOR sale— High lot, 53x145, fenced, with large
barn; new; street work complete, including
sewer and water pipes; one-half block from
cars; bargain if taken immediately. 1590
Alcatraz aye.. Lorin. Berkeley. -.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME. ~
One of the neatest and best built homes In
Oakland ; iv stories, 6 rooms", and I also serv-
j ant's room, bathroom, large reception hall; 2
rhlmueys. Monarch patent grates in parlor and :
dining-room: 5 large closets and fine pantry: '■
back stairs from kitchen: iron porcelain-lined
roll-rim bathtub; plumbing nickel plated; cc- '
ment steps and walk: front chimney is rough
blocks of sandstone, very pretty: this property
is In good. neighborhood and within six min-
utes' walk of station: price $3soo. complete; !
terms can be arranged. Call for further par-
ticulars Lake Shore Land- Company. ■A. H. ;
BREED. Manager, l'> Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
S-ROOM house la let. with all improve-
ments. 12."1 Monroe st.. East Oakland.
i $B—l-ROOM8 — I-ROOM house: no bath; large yard 5*7 •
Park aye.. East Oakland. - ]
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
I Special' noticT:." - "" ~ '
first come." first served.
JUST like paying RENT. ',
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely, cottages, which have ;
I been -thrown on the market for non-pa vmenf
I of installments, and they are now offend at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. a, <; and 7 rooms and are finished op to date;
: almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. . ; . • ••
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
Inspection. - MARCUSE & REMMEL,
; Bay st. station, Alameda. and 628 Market St., |
| San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$1200— SACRIFICE; lot 40x207. with good 7-room I
- house; half block from station and high '
school; easy terms. . . . .
• $2SOQ— New modern cottage; lot 40x150; - fine
1 neat ton; $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2.">fO; snap. . . -'- ■" ■ - "-.-■.
$2900— Beautiful new. 8-room house,' complete:
lot 50x203: choice location;; very easy termii. -
To Close an Estate— lo-room house: lot 60x140;
t Alameua's beet location: see this and make an
i offer. ••-. , ■ - '.-:.■■'■•..
$12.750 — than a Klondike as an invest-
ment; properties bringing- $130' per • month;
mortgage of $9000 can remain: bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
' • .' H. P. MOP.EAL & CO., vV
, - ' 14*2 Park st., Alameda, •
WILL ■ sacrifice . a modern new - house: small ;
• t'ayment. balance monthly; going to- Klon-
dike; must and will sell.' Box 1215, Call office. ,
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
CHESTNUT. 1313. one block from station
—Furnished lower flat. 5 rooms. -
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold to close an estate: lot 123x270,
near station: two frontages; street work done
on one frontage: I want an offer. JOSEPH
J. MASON, real estate, Berkeley Station..
HOUSE of 8 rooms to let, furnished: modern |
improvements; large, pleasant grounds; also j
one new surrey, and phaeton for sale: also j
hand printing press and type. Box 1210. Call. ;
, PROPERTY TO KXCI'ANfiI.
15 ACRES in Oregon for house and lot, $200;
house and lot In Berkeley for rooming house.
$1500; 5 lets near Seventeenth and Market, i
$350 to $600. payments: 2 lots near. Ocean j
View, 23x125, $250 each; 2 lots, sunny side
Joost aye. (corner), $600. H. C. DECKER,
1-2" Market st.
ATTORNEY* AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate, insolvency,- deeds, damages, - mort- :
gages, copartnership, ' bills-<if-sale. patents, j
•trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G. W. ;
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton. 1
PRIVATE matters, insolvency, collections ; free
advice; open evenings. MeCABE. 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. »27. Market st. * ' » :
PROPOSALS.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— The Equitable
Gaslight Company invites bids from Callfor-
nian contractors on brick buildings, corru-
. gated iron buildings, r foundations, for gas
■ holders, generators-, and ■'- machinery on gas
■ holders and steel tanks, oil and water tanks,
boilers, pumps, blowers, , exhausters, • engines
and other machinery; also cast Iron gas pipe
per ton of 16, ■ 14, - I*. . 10." 8. 6 and 4 inches In
diameter. Plans and specifications can be seen
at the = company's office., rooms 19. and 20
eighth floor, Mills building," San Francisco. ;
§AN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Feb. 23, ISSS-Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of ' Quartermaster. San I Diego
Barracks. Cal., until 11 o'clock a. m.. March
25. isas.'and then opened, for furnishing wood
• and coal' for Alcatraz Island, Angel Island,
Fort Baker. Benleia* Barracks, Fort ' Mason,
- Presidio of • San Francisco, San Diego Bar-
racks and San Francisco. Cal., during fiscal
■;■ year , commencing ; July 1, " IS9S. Government
reserves right .to reject -or • accept any and
all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
ij given to articles of. domestic production, con-
ditions of quality and price (including: la the
; . price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
■ being equal, and such preference given to
j articles of American production produced on
! Pacific Coast to extent of, consumption re-
E quired by the public service there. Informa-
" tion furnished on application to Quartermaster
at San Diego Barracks, ■; or to undersigned.
Envelopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed "Proposals for. wood (or coal),"' and
• : addressed -to said Quartermaster,' or to JAS.
M.' MOORE," Assistant -■ : Quartermaster-Gen-
eral. I. P. A., Chief Quartermaetcr. ■■■•-•■■
= MARRIAGE "LICENSES.
The ; following marriace licenses were issued
by the County Clerk's office yssterday: V
A. V.". Jones and Abble G. Genungr. 24— 24.
. E. 'T. Medley and Annie L. O'Connor. 30—25.
' n." C Gorton and Ruth Mac Donald, *I— 3o.
S. A.' Caldwell and Nancy J. Brownell. 24—25.
W. J. r>emps«y and Mary Lamburth. 2>— 26.
Joe Lauricella and Sarah Aula, . 25— 15. :
GißComo Flrpo and Mamie Cuneo,' 27—16.
E. Sistao and Oetavie Oubourdteu. 24—12. ,' -
John C Johnston and Mary Wynn. 30— 30.
: J. P. Jensen am? Marie BJornsen, 34— 34.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST
' Birth, marriage" and i death notices nent by
mall will .not be inserted. : They must be
handed in at either/ of the publication ' office*
end be- indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have ?ie same ■ pub-
lished. •■ l ":fc :■■- ■'- ■ •■'■■— \ ■-■','-■'■'■-■ - v;" .■•;;■
'-!•'-■. : :■'■'■■■ ■ ■ : BORN. . *'■ . ;.'."'./ .
DUFFY— this city. February 23, 1395. to the
. wife of James Duffy, a daughter.
HEINZ— In this city, • February 21,. 1896, tv the
wife of Chris Helnst, a goo, r---i-.;;* ■ " \ : '
r- MARRIED. -
-EHMAN— MARKS— In this city, February 20,
1398, by the Rev. H. Samnelson. Abe Lehman
and Esther Marks, both of San Francisco..
; ■'.:'- " DIED.
Adams. Henry McCaflrejr. Margaret
Bruner, Margaret Maloney, William
Brut.-man. Lillie M. Marshall. Lena
Buckley, Matilda. S. Miller. Eliza
Collison. William Mullen, John F. -;
Cline. John E. O'Farrell, John J.
Giusti. Anna Pelle Sr.. Jules
Hartmann. Rev. E. Perry. Manuel A.
Hayes. William Ross. Milan A.
Hayman. Anna L. Schaefle. Herman
Heydenfeldt. Elcan Thornton. Annie
Husteden. Amelia Wehrli. William
Kronqvest. Edith E. Wells. Harriet X.
Llndwall. E. L. ' Wilson, William O.
MacLennan, Sybil , .
APAMS- In Xapa. Cal., February2l. l^. George
Henry, beloved son of Timothy W. and the
late Mary E. Adams, and brother at Mrs.
Walter T. Robinson and Edwin F. Adams.
a native of Woburn. Mass.. a«ed 36 years 7
months and S days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday*, at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. Mrs. Walter T. R' binson. $04
Howard street. Interment private. Laurel
Hill Cemeteiy.
BRUNER— In Hanford. February 23. Mft, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of John Bruner. and sis-
ter of r>eiiii Dugan of San Francisco and
Mrs. William Thunnan of Healdsburg. a na-
tive ot County Waterford, Ireland, aged 47
years.
C^lr.terment Oak'ar.'l.
BRUTSMAN-In Stockton, February 21. IS9S.
. • Llllie Matthews Brutsman. beloved wife o(
Edward A. Brutsman. a native of New Jerv
sey. aged 23 years; ■ -
BUCKLEY— In this city. February 22. 1898.
Matilda S.. daughter of Daniel and the late
Delia Buckley, a native of San Francisco.
. aged 21 years.-. '. '; . - , * ' . ■"-•
C7"TtH» funeral will take : place this . day
(Thursday), *at I:SO o'clock, Trbm | her ' laf«
residence; 625>i Hayes; street, thence to Sa-
cral Heart Church, Felland Fillmore. streets,
where, a requiem high mass will be -cele-
brated for the repose of her' soul, commenc-
ing at 3 o'clock. ' Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
CLINE— In this city. February 23. IS9S. John
Edward Cline, a native of Cornwall, Canada,
aged 51 years.
COLLISON— In this city. February 23, 1898,
William Collison. nephew of Archibald Dunn,
James O. Fraser and Alexander Bern, a na«
tive of Montrose, Scotland, aged 2S years.
(Wisconsin papers please copy.)
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Co.. 22 and 26 Mint avenue.
Remains at. Craig & Cochran Co.' parlors.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GIUSTI— In this city. February 22. 1398,' Anna ,,'*
beloved ■ mother of Albert. Henry. Leone,
Constance and Bernard Giusti. and sister or
P. Chige. a native of Gan, France, aged 31
years 9 months and 2? days. ; ... - . ; .
(^■Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. " 204S Leavenworth street, thence to
Notre Dame dcs Victolres (French) Church,
Bueh street, - where a - solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAUTMANN— At -St. Paul's rectory. San Ra-
fael, February 23. IS9S. the Rev. Ernest Au-
. gust Hartmann. aged 46 years.
ICTFur.eral from St. Paul's Church. ' San
Rafael, to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock.
Interment private. - . .
HAVES— In Alyarado. February 23. 1593, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Adeline S. Hayes;
a native of Stafford County. N. H.. aged S3 [
year.) 8 months and 2 days. (New Hampshire
papers please copy.) . . \. :.". \--S- . .'. .'.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, Alvarado.
HAYMAN— In this city, February 23. 1896,
Anna Loretta, dearly beloved wife of G. S.
Hayman. beloved mother of George Frank-
lin Hayinan, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs,
. J.-H. Long, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years •'> months and 24 days..
HEYDEXFELDT— In this city, February 23,
lft»8", Elcan Heydenfeldt. father of Mrs. Wil-
liam J. Dutton and Mrs. Susie Berryman, a
. native of Charlestown, S. C, aged 75 years
5 months and 14 days. : -
(D'The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, .irorn the under-
taking parlors of Martin & Co., 11* Geary
street. Interment private.
HUSTEDEX— In this city, February 21. ISM.
Amelia, beloved wife of G. W. Husteden. and
mother of Bertha and Dora Husteden, and
sister of Mrs. Tillie Strickland and William
J. Wilson, a native of Cape Town, Africa, .
aged 36 years 11 months and 18 days.
!*::?■ Friends and'acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this day •
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 164 Jessie street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.' - .\ " . ' .
KRONQVEST— In this city. February 22. 1593,
Edith Evolir.e, beloved daughter of Charle*
V and Matilda Kronqvest, and . sister of
Stella and Herold Knmqvest. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and IS days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
t (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents' -
t -residence, . 1223 Rhode Island street, between
| Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. : - %
LINDWALL— In this city, February 22. IS9B.
E L., bejoved husband of Elizabeth Llnd-
wall. and father of Kate. Lizzie and Ed-
mond Llndwall, a native of Sweden, aged 61
years 5 'months and ' 22 days. .... " -.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, .from Druids' Hall.
413 Suiter ' street. Interment Cypress Lawn •
Cemetery. Remains at his late residence. 21
Hinkley street, till 9 o'clock Friday morning.
MacLENX AX— ln this city, February 23, IS9B,
Sybil MacKenzie, relict of the late Donald '
MacLennan, and dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. -d: R. Campbell, - Mrs. John MacNeitl,
Mrs. Robert -Campbell and Dr. J. D.. ' Dr. -
Donald, R. H. and James MacLennan, a na-
tive of Coigach. Scotland, aged 67 years and
5 months. (Cape Breton and New Zealand
papers please copy.) "
CTFriends are respectfully invited .to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at I
o'clock, from her late residence, 27S lowa
street, near Solano. Interment - Foresters'
plot. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MCCAFFREY— In this city, February 23. IS9B,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Frank
McCaffrey, and mother of John H. and Frank
E. McCaffrey, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 66 years. . '", -V""
MALOXEY— In this city. February 12. 189S,
William beloved brother of George, Joseph
and John Maloney, a native of Louisiana,
aged 43 years. :
MARSHALL— In this city. February 22. 159? r
after a long and painful Illness, Lena Mar- ,
shall, dearly beloved mother of Harry Mar-
shall, and sister of B. McAravy of Benicia;
a native of Albany. X. V.. aged 41 years and
4 months. . ..,.,...
ETThe funeral will take place, this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister. 713^4 Union street, thence
to St Francis Church, where ceremonies Wilt
be held, thence to Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. :
MILLER— this city. February 22, IS9B. Elixa,
beloved wife of John Miller, and mother of
John, Robert. Maggie, Willie and David Mil-
ler, a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aged 55 years 11 months and 10 days. -
Ky Friends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral fo-morrow
(Friday) at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence " 2321 Humboldt street, between - Ver-
• mont and Kansas. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. - " '( _
MULLEN— In this city. February 22, IS9S. John
Francis, beloved eon of Thomas and Mary
Mullen, and brother of Harry, Clara, th« ■
late James and Mary Jane Mullen and Mrs.
John J. Coffey, a native of San Francisco;
ICTFrlend!? and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, the rest-,
dene* of his parents, 732 Howard street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem muss will be celebrated . for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. i^vr^j
OFARRELL-In the City, and County Hos-
pital February 23. IS??. John Joseph O'Far- •
rell a native of California, aged 29 years.. , ,v
PELLE— In Alvlso. February 19. 1836. Jules '
-Pelle Sr.. a native of France, aged 43 years
and 5 months.
PERRY— In this city. February 21,. I^SS, Manuel
A Perry, beloved brother of Joseph A. Perry.
a 'native of Azores Islands. Portugal, aged
47 years.: - • "■ '.:."■ - ;
Friends and' acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Fridav),- at 1 o'clock; from the parlors of
' the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. I Patrick' Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric -
' funeral-car. -: • ■ .. .' •• . -■ -. .-j. -j
ROSS— In Los Banes, Cal., February 17, 18SI,
Milan A. Ross, a native of New Jersey, aged -
51 years.
SCH *EFLE— In San Jose, Fe-bruary 20, IS2S.
Herman Schaefle, a native of Germany, aged
T. 6 yea re.
THORNTON— In this city. February- 23. l> r <B,
Annie, dearly beloved wife of Peter TlK>rn-
ton, ar.d mother of Lirzie, Rose and Nicho-
las Thornton and of the late Susie and Peter
Thornton, a native of County Derry, Ire-
land, aged 42 years.
E7Friendj and acquaintances are reapect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Fridays, at M "•clock, from her late resi-
dence.' 1122 Battery- street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery-
WELLB— In this city, February 23. IM Har-
riet Noble, wife of the late Rev. W. A.
Wells, and mother of Mrs. Frank Oilley. a
native of New York State, aged 7^ years t
month? and J days.
WEHKLI-In this city. February 23. Uft Wil-
liam, dearly beloved hu'band "f Anne
Wehrli. and father of Henry, Oretsohen and
Rosie Wehrti. a native of Switzerland, aged
4" yr»ars 3 months and 22 days.
WILSON— in this city. February 22. 18?*, Wil-
liam Owen WllWl, a native k>l Gardinej.
Mr, aged So years.
tfy The funeral services will be he'd
tfcif i!ay (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
reYidrr.c.^ 717 Uroadway. Interment private.
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER;"^ :7rT|?-
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMUALSIESS I 1I 1
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS A i-MBALMEttI I
I. 20 n?TH BT^Ojp..LiaMlaa*ia»L ■'; •-, j ;
| • Telephone, South go. v I
1516
SWORN TESTIMONY
IN REFUTATION
OF EXAMINER LIES
The Yellow Journal Tried to Buy the Story of the Livernash
Suicide for the Purchase of Which It Denounced and
Maligned The Call and Traduced the Dead.
Positive Evidence Which Completely Exonerates Every One Concerned in the Matter
Except Those Connected With the Mission-Street Ghoul, Which Is Officially
Branded by the Action of the Coroner's Jury as a Malicious and
Untruthful Defamer of Character.
At the Inquest into the death of John
J. Livernash. who committed suicide
last Friday night, the Coroner's jury
yesterday morning rendered a verdict
that the death resulted from a gun
shot wound through the heart, and that
he came to his death by a pistol shot
by his own hand.
The sworn testimony developed the
fact that the many sensational asser
tions made by the Examiner regarding
the case were utterly groundless and
without foundation. It was also shown
conclusively by the letter produced
that the story sold by Livernash on the J
night of his suicide was written for the j
Examiner, and it was further shown
by the testimony of 8.~ F. Allen that
Livernash was offered $100 for it by A.
TESTIMONY FROM THE GRAVE.
I have sold a story to The Call for $100. To
my dying breath I swear they do not know what
is in it
{Extract from story written by J. J. Livernash just
before his death.)
M. Lawrence, managing editor of that
paper, but that the offer was declined.
The testimony of all the witnesses
was directly to the effect that there
was nothing in either the appearance
or manner of Livernash that would in
dicate that he was either of unsound
mind or under the influence of liquor.
His manner was deliberate, cool and
collected, and he attended to the de
tails of his plan in a manner that gave
every indication that he perfectly un
derstood the full import of his actions.
The evidence was also conclusive
ir, showing that the manager of
The Call bought the story in perfect
good faith that it detailed the em
bezzlement of Government funds by an
official, with the distinct understanding
that If after the story were sent to him
it was found available and bore inves
tigation the sum stipulated would be
paid for it.
The evidence was all to the effect
that there was nothing in the manner
of the man to indicate that he contem
plated suicide or that the story, which
he offered, in any manner related to
himself.
Notwithstanding the efforts of an im
pertinent lawyer named Long to em
barrass the proceedings and harass the
Coroner, the testimony was so clear
and pointed that the jury had no dif
ficulty in arriving at a verdict within
five minutes after it retired to the
juryroom. As the first witness was
called, the following conversation en
sued between Coroner Hawkins and
Long:
Attorney James Long— Prior to proceed
ing with this inquest, I wish to state that
I would ask a continuance until the ar
rival of the wife and sister of the de
ceased.
Coroner Hawkins— You thoroughly un
derstand, Mr. Lofig. that I will permit no
questions to be asked by a lawyer at the
Inquest.
Attorney Long— Well, all right; but we
want to say that the family of Mr. Liver
nash is not here, and we simply ask that
justice be done the Livernash family and
that they be granted till 2 o'clock to come
here.
The Coroner— l will not permit the de
lay. Call the witnesses.
W. S. Leake, manager of the San
Francisco Call, testified as follows:
As far as having any knowledge of the
death of Mr. Livernash, I don't know that
I have any at all. If you wish to know
what my dealings were with him prior
to his death. I will willingly give them.
Last Friday evening, after having my
dinner, I went to the San Francisco Club,
and while there — I think it was between
8 and 9 o'clock— l received a telegram
from the editorial rooms of The Call,
notifying me that a man by the name of
Livernash was there, who professed to
have some valuable news, which he
wished to dispose of to The Call, but
he refused to talk to any one except some
one ln authority. I told the messenger
to telephone back that I would be over
there about 10 o'clock. Near 10 o'clock
I left the San Francisco Club and went
down to the business office, and as I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR ;
SKIN-TORTURED '
BABIES
Val iS JHJjM warn iffk D 9 MB
M^gcy Juf |fl BsßOar nn H HJ
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
' -with Coticcba Soap, and a single application
of Ccticcba (ointment), the great skin cure.
- Cuticcra Remedies afford instant relief,
and point to a speedy cure of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted, scaly skin 'and scalp humors,
with loss of hair, when all else fails.
Bold throughout the -world. Potter Decs ak» Chzm.
Cnitr.. Sol* Prop*., Botton. ' ' .'
C 7" '• How to Cure Skin Tortured Rabies," free.
Cl/lil CPAI D »° a Htlr Besatlßed *r«i
, SKIN, ouALr ctmoußA soap. _jJ
went into the business office the sten
ographer there said to me: "There is a
gentleman just left here by the name of
Livernash, who wishes to see you." 1
said: "I just came down to go to the
editorial rooms to see him. Call him
back." The stenographer rushed out and
called Mr. Livernash back, and he went
inside the counter. He told me that he
had some valuable information— some
valuable news that he wished to dispose
of to the paper. I asked him what the
nature of the news was. He said, some
thing very sensational, that would make
a front-page story, second only to the
blowing up of the battle-ship Maine.
I told him I wanted to know more about
it than that. He then gave me a little
outline of what it would be; that some
State officer in connection with the har
bor the water front, was about to ab
scond with about $30i30, and that he had
knowledge of the fact, and would write it
up, and he would also give information
as to the man and two other things in
connection with it, but he said, "It will be
a good story, and I want to sell it to you
for $100. I don't want you to pay for it
unless the story is a good one." I told
him to wait for me fifteen minutes, as I
would be back in fifteen minutes; he said
no, he would go out and would be back
in fifteen minutes. He then walked out.
I then conferred with Mr. Martin and
others and ascertained who this man was;
ascertained that he was holding a posi
tion on the water front, and satisfied my
self as far as I could that he was a re-
Ilbale man. Oh, by the way, when he left
me I told him I would meet him in fif
teen minutes in my own office. In fifteen
minutes I went up, and the office boy
said Livernash was Inside waiting for me.
I called up Mr. Martin, the business man
ager of the paper, and told him to bring
the stenographer up. The stenographer
followed Mr. Martin a few minutes after
ward. He, Livernash, started in to tell me
about the story again, and he said that
before he gave me the story he wanted
me to enter into an agreement with him
that if the story, after investigation,
proved satisfactory and of enough Impor-
l an . cc , to be published that I would pay
hi^ w !h but if ' after investigation, I
™ mV thl n * lt worth >" of publication I
would be under no obligation to pay for
it at all. He said he wanted that agree-
m tniH m . ade * t r in the name of his wife.
I told him that I would not do that; that
I wanted no financial dealings with
£3Ti n - T H( J^ ald ' "* am ln financial
trouble. ♦ If it is known that the money is
SSJSt & tO i? 6'6 '* ft v. wlll be attached, and I
want my wife to have it." I said. "Under
those circumstances I have no objection
to fixing it so that your wife will be pro
tected in this matter." v
We then called the stenographer and I
d ffi^ d v, a , St em nt in substan ce to this
" ct - at M r - Livernash called at such
fh«t ho if i lme and made a statement
that he had important information to
dispose of to The Call, and if the "tor?
was worthy of publication it was to be
published over his signature and that we
would pay him $100, and if after investi
gation it could not be substantiated the
story was to be returned and nothing
r' d ft 111 1 - After that was written out
he said there were too many words in it.
2». i ♦ d i c tat fu an agreement, which
was Printed in the paper afterward. He
dictated that himself, which I signed -
During the conversation he showed no
excitement whatever, and the only. time
that he showed any feeling was when he
referred to the treatment he had received
at the hands of his brother and the treat
ment his sister had received when she ap
plied for employment ■ to the managing
editor of one of the papers here. And that
was only a feeling of indignation so far
as I could discover.
I asked him how long it would take to
get the story ready, and he said: "I will
send it back to you by 11 o'clock." I
said: No, you won't send It back to me;
bring this yourself." He said: "I don't
know whether I can get off, for the rea
son that I am married to a German lady
and she doesn't like me to be out late at
night, and she may not permit me to
Co^f- *»J said J "Then this settles the
whole thing, You have exacted a prom
ise that this story shall be published as
you write it, and you must bring it back
yourself ' as there may be some objec
«,?w a V hil i*? ln there that cannot be
published. I Insist upon your coming
ba . c i c ere wlth * the story yourself." He
said that he would come if it was a pos
sible thing. He said: "If I can get away
from my wife I will come back- myself,
and if I can't I will send it by one of my
friends." I said: "Who is your friend?"
He said: "A man by the name of Allen
who is a little deaf." I said: "Give me
your signature so I will know the story
is from you. I don't; want some one to
ring in some bogus news." After that he
told me the story would have to be illus
trated and would occupy about three
columns of space, and there were several
pictures to go with it. I asked him how
I was to verify this statement, as it was
to be published the next morning. He
said: "There will be no trouble about
that. My sister and wife know air about
this." I said: "In that case I wish you
would have your sister and wife sign the
statement. That will be. evidence enough
to me that they know about it." He said:
"No ; I don't care to bother them about
He then asked me what the prospects
were for his sister getting employment
on the paper. He spoke of her literary
ability, being a much better writer than
her brother, and that he would like the
privilege of bringing her around to intro
duce her. I told him I could not offer
much encouragement, but was willing to
give her an opportunity, and if she
showed literary ability, no doubt she
could get on the paper. At no time during
the conversation div he show any signs
as I have said before, of being excited or
under the influence of liquor. It was the
first time I ever saw him, and the last
time.
Coroner Hawkins— ls that all you know
about the case?
A.— Now, after he left I went over to the
editorial rooms; and I can't tell the lapse
of time exactly, but it was not very long
before the office boy rushed In and said
to me that man was dead. I said. "What
man?" He eaid, "The man that was In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1898.
the room with you." I asked him where
he got- the information, and he said some
one telephoned it. Then In walked a gen
tleman whom I found out afterward
was Mr. Allen, and he said: "I have a
package for you. Mr. Livernash has shot
himself dead." He then told me where
he had killed himself and handed me this
package. I broke the package open and
found a statement. It was the state
ment published in the paper, and also
Mr. Llvernash's photograph. That was
the first intimation I had that he had
committed suicide or contemplated com
mitting suicide. It was as much a sur
prise to me as it could possibly have
been to his wife. I think I then told one
of the reporters— Mr. Hugh Burke — to
take a carriage and go with Mr. Allen and
tell his sister of the sad affair, and let
her break the news to Mrs. Livernash.
I believe I turned the manuscript over
to Mr. James, who prepared it as it was
presented ln the paper the next morning.
There was no talk of suicide at all wnile
he was in my room. Neither did he ac
cuse any one, or intimate anything of the
sort to me. On the contrary, he talked
very rationally, was as cool a man as
there was in the room. He said the story
was in regard to a large defalcation, and
that it was a matter that his sister and
wife knew all about, and that he wanted
his sister's picture in the story to make
it complete.
Q.— ls that all you know of the case?
A.— Yes. sir; I believe that is all. •
Q.— Did you bring the letter? A.— No,
sir, I did not bring it.
Q-— Will you let me see it; bring it here?
A.— Yes, the letter is intact, with the ex
ception of the first page, from "which the
fac-simlle was made and presented in the
paper, and the last page which has about
four or five words and the signature. In
the preparation of the fac-simlle it was
either destroyed or mislaid. The other
portion Is intact and can be produced.
Also a copy of the agreement dictated by
Mr. Livernash himself.
Coroner Hawkins — You will send th~m
down? A.— Yes. sir.
Q.— That is all you know about the
case? A.— That is all at the present time.
Q.— All that you knew of the suicide
was when this man Allen came in and
told you? A.— The office boy had just told
me that this man had killed himself. Be
fore he got through, however, Mr. Allen
came in. That was the first intimation I
had of his committing suicide.
W. J. Martin, business manager of The
Call, testified: I was present at the con
versation that took place between Mr.
Leake and Mr. Livernash. I can add
nothing to Mr. Leake's testimony. The
man was as sane as any man I ever saw
in my life. I stood within two feet of him
in the office, and paid particular attention
to what he had to say. He was closely
questioned by both Mr. Leake and my
self. He seemed to lay stress on the fact
that he wanted employment for his sis
ter, and promised to bring his sister round
the next day, and he was told that if she
showed the ability claimed we would
try and provide for her. He dwelt on the
importance of this exposure on the water
front, and made that the basis of the
story. That is about all I know, sir.
Q. — Was there anything in his conver
sation or actions that would lead you to
FAC SIMILE OF PAGE OF LIVERNASH'S
STORY,
Showing That It Was Written for the Examiner.
suppose that he was about to commit sui
cide? A.— Nothing in the world.
Q. — Was there anything that showed his
condition as to sobriety? A.— No, sir.
W. J. Mcf'all, stenographer for the busi
ness manager of the San Francisco Call,
testified: "On the evening of Friday, the
18th, Mr. Livernash came into the office,
the business office, and asked to see Mr.
Leake. I told him that he was not there
at the present time, and would be in per
haps a little later on; he seemed to inti
mate that that would be too late; that he
wanted, to see him right away. In the
conversation he said that he had a story,
which would be a front-page story, and
equal In importance to the disaster of the
Maine. I asked him what it was, tried to
get out of him what it was, and he said
it was somebody short in his accounts,
and it would be a first-class story- Then,
after talking with him some little time,
he stepped outside, and was going away,
and I turned to come back into the office—
that is, the private office of Mr. Martin—
and there I saw Mr. Leake and Mr. Mar
tin going downstairs. Then I told Mr.
Leake Mr. Livernash was just in to see
him, and he told me he was the man he
was going to look for. He said, 'Go and
get him.' I said. 'I don't know if I can.'
He said, 'Go ahead and try.' I went up
Market street and 100 feet ahead or so I
met Livernash in company with another
gentleman. I told him that Mr. Leake
would like to see him. He came back to
the office, and then Mr. Leake and Mr.
Martin brought him behind the counter
and started to talk with him. Then the
next I noticed they all went out, and
where they went I don't know: I went
back to the office, was sitting there, and
in a few moments Mr. Martin came down
and told me to take my notebook and go
upstairs. There first Mr. Leake dictated
THE EVIDENCE WAS SUFFICIENT.
The Coroner— Gentlemen of the jury, have you your
minds made up n« to whether you have enough evi
dence to determine how this man came to his death*
whether nticid«l« accidental or homicidal ?
A Juror— Yew, sir.
The Coroner— l had a telegram from the stater ask.
ing: for a postponement, hut there is nothing; to show
that they were present at the shootings and it rests with
you whether you wish to hear them or return a ver
dict now. Are you satisfied as to the cause of death ?
A Juror Hi- are satisfied that he shot himself.
Coroner Hawkins- Wo you wish to close the case ?
A Juror-Yes, close the case.
Extract from stenographic report of the inquest.
an agreement for : ayment of the story,
and after he had •.mpleted it Mr. Lver
nash said that was too long; he didnt
want anythint like that, and he dictated
one himßelf, which, after I had written it
out. Mr. Leake signed and it was copied
and delivered to Mr. Livernash. Then I
was dismissal and went away. That is
all I know, except the conversation I had
with him at the counter. He seemed very
anxious to see Mr. Leake, as he had a
very important story about this shortage?
in the account of a State official. He said
he wanted money, it was a good story
and he want. -d to be paid for it if it was
published. If they didn't think it was
worth publishing they need not pay any-
Q.— When he first came in there, did he
offer a story? A. — No, sir; he said he
wanted to see Mr. Leake.
Q.— That is what I am asking you. Do
you know anything else of the case? A.—
Nothing whatever.
Q — When did you first learn of the sui
cide? A.— l didn't really know about it
until I read it in the paper.
L- D. Adam, assistant city editor of
The Call, testified as follows:
I can't add very much to what has
been said. A little before 9 o'clock Mr.
Livernash came to the office and I saw
him in the office— came to sell a story to
me for $100. I asked him about it. He
would not go into particulars, except that
it was something that would be of as
much interest as the disaster to the Maine
and also that it had something 1 to do
with a defalcation and possibly a Klon
dike story. I told him that it would have
to be verified and he then said that he
would like to see the principal. I re
ferred the matter to Mr. Leake. The next
I knew of the story was when Mr. Leake
told me to reserve space for a possible
3000-word story that might come in, but
which would require verification before
use, and I had better hold some good
men in the office so that it could be veri
fied, but about 11 o'clock I heard of the
story and the result. That is all I know.
I heard that the man had committed sui
cide at some place on Mission street.
B. F. Allen of 60 South Park testi
fied:
I was just about to eat supper when my
wife came and told ■me Mr. Ll vernash
wanted to meet me at the corner of Sec
ond and Bryant streets. ' I said I would
be there in fifteen minutes. .Then I , went
flown to- the saloon and went out ,and
walked back again and met him. He
sald .. : „ want you ito go up town with
me. He said: "I have a story to write.
I have, got to. go to Chinatown. I will
tell you more later." He said: "Where is
your pistol, I may need it." I said: "It
is in the second-hand store on Third
street. . He^ said: "Has it got any cart
ridges in it?" I. said: "No, I have got
some home." and he said: "Go and get
xnem. I went home and got the cart
ridges and gave them to him. I met him
on the corner of Third and Bryant streets.
£nr» We A alk ed up to the second-hand
store and he handed me a dollar and a
hfnH ™ ent in - he following right be
n ?t«i c • T , he man said I might have the
Si mI £ of six bits. So I gave the pistol
to Mr. Livernash and he loaded it
hit W lk^ dUId UlS de - and I handed the
he s»iH th° k at h t had lven m ~- Th en
ne said the story he was going to get
was up in Chinatown, and he he 4 to fie
a wharfinger that was going to s^.p out
on account of $3000. He wanted to write
tr ,Hi Pi K nd #2 .* ht there mi & h t be some
trouble, but didn't believe that there was
any danger but wanted the pistol to prd
tect h lm8 eif. >•■ said he was going to
sell the story to Andy Lawrence for $250.
We walked to i..c Examiner office ne
said, I am going upstairs to see Law
rence. He told me to go and get him
an unruled writing tablet for two bits.
He said: "You paid for the drinks across
}») 6 . street. Here is another half. Take
that if you need it." We walked across
the street, ordered the drinks;- I paid for
them; sat down at the table with him.
He was holding the tablet and writing. I
picked up the Bulletin and was reading it
He stopped writing, got up and ordered
beer a couple of times and then sat right
down. Then some parties were si. ering in
Tv!£ re ' J- was P a in & attention to them.
When he got through he ordered another
glass of beer. We went back to the Ex
aminer office to see Lawrence. I waited
on the sidewalk, but he came back and
said that Lawrence would give him but
$100 and that Leake would give him $250
I told him that if he could write a little
like that and get $l.v for it he was doing
pretty well. We went up to the editorial
rooms and we had "a drink before going
upstairs. He came down and said Leake
was not there, and we had another drink.
Pretty soon he went up again, and came
back and said that he would be back at
half-past 9. When he came back we had
another drink. Then we went to" the
Oberon and had several drinks there. , I
was talking with a waiter there, while
ho was writing, and a man named Mur
phy came in and talked to him. I don't
know what he said. I saw Livernash
hand him a dollar. He told me afterward
he loaned Murphy the dollar. He asked
me if I had 15 cents to pay for the drinks.
I said yes, and ordered three glasses of
beer. I paid for the drinks, and then he
asked me to get an envelope from the
barkeeper. The waiter got it, and I
handed it to him. Then we drank the
beer. Then he walked out and met Mur
phy on the sidewalk. He went to talking
to Murphy, and I talked to Murphy's
son on the edge of the sidewalk, and then
when he came back he said, "Ben, we will
go down to The Call office." We went to
The Call editorial rooms.
Before we went up we had a drink in
a little saloon alongside. He said
"Leake would not be there till 10
o'clock, so come down and have a drink."
Then we went up and he said: "Well, we
will take a walk up there." As we
passed the Spreckels building some one
hollered to Livernash and he came back
and went up stairs, and when he came
down he said Leake only gave him $100
for the story, but he would rather sell
the story to Leake for $100 than to Long
Green Lawrence for $250. He said "Long
Green Lawrence would murder or do any
thing else." He said: "I have got to be
back by 10 o'clock." When we were pass
ing the sample-room he said: "We will
have to get 5-cent beer." So we went to
the New Louvre and had a glass of beer.
We went back to The Call office and he
went upstairs to the elevator. He stayed
twenty or twenty-five minutes, and when
he came down he told me he had sold the
stuff that he wrote in the Oberon. He
pulled the package and wrote something
on that, and he took the envelope that
he got from the waiter. He tore it open
and put another paper Inside of it. He
said: "Put this in your inside coat pocket
and this in the outside coat pocket,
and if anything should happen to me
give this package to Mr. Leake and the
letter to my wife." Then we started down
Third street. I said: "John, you have
been drinking a good deai and you had
better go home." But no one could tell
it, because no matter how much the man
drank no one could tell he was drunk.
He talked just as straight then as at
any time. He said: "Ben. I think we had
better go home." He said: "I ought to go
and see that man first about the story."
I said: "Leave the story go and go
home." When we were passing the sa
loon on Mission street he asked me if I
had a dime to pay for the beer. I said:
"No." He went in and I stood out there
and In a half minute the barkeeper
rushed out and asked me if that was my
friend. I had heard the shot, but not
hearing good it seemed too light for a
shot. He said: "Is that your friend who
has shot himself?" I ran in and picked
him up by the shoulder and said: "John,
did you do it?" And he said: "Yes, Ben,
I did it." He tried to say something
else, but the blood choked him. I thought
maybe Mr. I^eake would do something for
him and send word to his wife, as I
didn't like to see his wife and tell her of
it, and I went up and gave the package
to Mr. Leake and told him of it, and he
said he would see that the body was at
tended to.
H. B. Wilson testified:
At 10:30 o'clock last Friday night in
the Davy Crockett saloon I saw J. J.
Livernash. Some one on the outside called
to him and he went that way. He walked
straight through, went into the water
closet and in about a minute I heard the
report of a pistol. The man fell. I
stepped around that way. This man that
just testified he ran in. I heard him say:
"John, did you do it?" He spoke two or
three times to him that way. He said:
"Yes, I done it."
H. H. Kock testified:
All I know about it is two men stood
on the outside talking a little while and
all at once this one moved up. The one
they called Livernash he walked right
into the toilet, and in a minute or two
after I heard a shot fired. Then I went
out and called on Mr. Allen. I says: "Is
that a friend of yours in the toilet?" And
he says: "Yes." And so he walked in and
had a few words to say. I could not un
derstand just what. I was busy trying
to cjill the police, so I went behind the
bar to get the whistle and blew it and a
few minutes after the police came and
took charge of it. That is all I know of
it. I didn't even go inside into the back
of it.
W. J. Martin, business manager of
The Call, was recalled to read the
documents sent down by Mr. Leake. He
read as follows:
I, W. S. Leake. manager of the San
Francisco Call, hereby agree to pay to
Mrs. J. J. Livernash the sum of $100, on
Saturday, February 19, at 10 a. m., for
any matter published over the signature
JOHIsT J. T_.I"VER.2ST^.SI3:.
of J. J. Livernash, appearing in the San
Francisco Call of the 19th inst.
That was the one that was dictated
by Mr. Livernash and signed by Mr.
Leake.
Here is the first one dictated, which
Mr. Livernash thought was too long:
On Friday, February 18, Mr. J. J. Liver
nash appeared at the office of \V. S.
Leake, manager of the San Francisco
Call, and made the following statemeni:
I will furnish you information which will
be of interest to the public, and which
you will to-day wish to publish in San
Francisco Call. Before I do so, however,
I wish to sign an agreement that you will
pay to Mrs. J. J. Livernash the sum of
$100 to-morrow, February 19, at 10 a. m.
Providing, however, that after the infor
mation is furnished, and investigated, you
do not deem it reliable or worthy
of publication, there is no obligation
whatever enforced upon you as to the
payment of the said $100 to Mrs. Liver
nash. But if you do publish any part
hereof this agreement shall be just as
binding as if you had published the entire
story.
Q. — The first one you read was the
agreement? A.— Yes, sir; that is the
agreement with Mr. Livernash, as stated
by Mr. Leake, and here is the signature
for verification in case he could not get j
away from his wife, and found it neces
sary to send the story by some one else.
Here is the story, with the exception of
the first and last pages. They appear in
fac-simile in the paper.
Q.— You say this is a copy of the last i
page (pointing to matter in Call)? A.—
Yes, sir: I think that portion is here.
These pages are not in regular order. I
don't believe I can read this.
Q.— You will have to try, Mr. Martin.
Mr. Martin read the article written by
Livernash, which was printed in The Call
last Saturday morning.
Q.— Take up the last pa.ge. What part
should follow that next to the last page?
A.— lt says, "He It was who libeled Claus
Spreekels, and may him and his convent
wife be brought to justice."
Q-— Do you know anything else about
the case at all, Mr. Martin? Do you re
member whether or not the word "Ex
aminer" or "Call" was* written on the first
page or whether the word "Examiner"
was scratched out, and the word "Call"
inserted? A.— That is not clear to me.
For the first page of that is missing. Well,
this is a fac-simile. I don't think there
are any erasures. They would certainly
show.
Q.— This is the one, the first sheet that
you read. Is theword "Examiner" crossed
out, and the word "Call" inserted? A.—
The word "Examiner" was scratched out;
that was the way it appears.
Q.— The word "Examiner" scratched out
and the word "Call" inserted over it? A.—
Yes, sir.
J. C. Younglove said:
I was standing in the saloon, in con
versation with three or four other gentle
men, and I saw a man open the door and
look in and then close it and start in con
versation with some one on the outside.
A few moments after that the first gen
tleman came in and walked back to the
back part of the saloon. About a minute
after I heard a shot. Two or three rushed
out the front door. I told the proprietor
he had better blow for the police. He
did so. In the meantime Mr. Allen rushed
into the back part. He was the first to
go back there, and he made some remark,
asking if he had killed himself, and he
replied that he had. Then the police
came. That is all I know.
Testimony of Dr. J. J. Gallagher,
autopsy physician and surgeon to the
Coroner:
Q.— Did you make the autopsy on the
body of J. J. Livernash?
A.— Yes, sir; on February IS, 1898. He
came to his death from a gunshot wound
through the heart. That is all.
Attorney Long— l suggest that before
the inquest closes the Livernash people
come here. They want to be here.
The Coroner— Gentlemen of the jury,
have you your minds made up as to
whether you have enough evidence to de
termine how this man came to his death,
whether accidental or suicidal or homi
cidal?
A juror— Yes, sir.
The Coroner — I had a telegram from the
sister asking for a postponement, but
there is nothing to show they were pres
ent at the shooting, and it rests with you
whether you wish to hear from them or
return a verdict now. Are you satisfied
in your minds as to the cause of death?
A juror— We are satisfied that he shot
himself.
Coroner Hawkins— Do you wish to close
the case?
A juror — Yes, close the case.
■ Coroner Hawkins— You will now retire
to the jury room and bring in your ver
dict In writing.
The jury retired and returned with the
following verdict:
That J. J. Livernash, aged 26 years,
nativity California, occupation State col
lector, married, residence 60 South Park,
city and county of San Francisco, came
to his death February 18, 1898. at 625 Mis
sion street, said city and county, from a
gunshot wound through the heart; and
we further find that he came to his death
by a pistol shot by his own hand.
A. BERKOWITZ,
GABRIEL JACOBS,
M. SOMMER,
L. HERZ,
J. ANERSON,
J. STEVELED,
H. SOMMER.
GENERAL BOOTH
SOON TO ARRIVE
The Salvation Army Making
Preparations to Receive Its
Commander.
The prospect ve war between the United
States is completely thrown into the
shade, so far as the Salvation Army is
concerned. The getting of accouterments
into ship shape condition about army
headquarters is not for war, however, but
because General William Booth, origin
ator and commander-in-chiti of the army,
is about to visit San Francisco.
The programme, as made out by Cap
tain Reid for the three days' stay of Gen
eral Booth in this city, is as follows:
February 28. 10:30 a. m.— The general
speaks in the California Theater.
2:15 p. m.— March from San Francisco
Three Hall. Mission street, near Third.
3 p. m.— General leads in the California
Theater.
7 p. m.— Golden reception parade frorq
divisional headquarters, 1139 Market
street.
8 p. m.— The general speaks in the Call*
fornia Theater.
Tuesday, March 1, 10:30 a. m.— Officers*
council in the parlor of Central Methodist
Church.
8 p. m.— Great social demonstration, led
by the general.
Wednesday, March 2. 10:30 a. m.— Second
session of officers' council.
2:30 p. m.— Third session of council.
8 p. m. — United soldiers' council, led by
the general, in Y. M. C. A. Hai!.
For throat, lung troubles. Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome St.*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"GROCERY
BARGAINS
Some more astounding three-
day prices. It keeps people won-
dering how we do it. But it's
very simple. Being always in the
market with ready cash is what
secures us this great advantage
over our competitors.
TEAS- * - - ■ 35c— 3 lbs $1.00
All the choice varietfes, fresh and
full of flavor.
Regular price 50c.
SALMON BELLIES - Each 5c and 10c
Of the new catch, very fancy.
Regular price 10c and 16c
0. K. WHISKEY = - 75c, 3 bots. $2.00
Age and purity guaranteed, gallon $3.
Regular price $1 and $4.
PRESERVED GINGER - • - Pot 30c
An Oriental delicacy.
Regular price 50c.
FRENCH PEAS Tin 20c *
A. Plnard's Petits Pols.
Extra fins.
Regular price 3oc.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMOBE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. | Telephone West 152.
00 0 00 00 0 00 0 o 0 00 000
O a O
o !§:|j^SS3} Our Special ©
° |335] s week is a-o
§ J£ jS§fp| Six-Drawer Oak °
gß^J^^P 1 Chiffonier. %
j? . One of the most useful pieces of q
q furniture, like the above,. (T»rj 1 £ ©
: q with mirror . . . .... . . vPUiIO O
O ' -^-. . . ©
O Same Chiffonier with- <T D fro ®
O out mirror . v wPOiOU ?
O - °
O Cash or Little-at-a-Time Payments. O
I J. NOONAN, i
O 1017 to 1023 Mission Street, ®
° 516 to 522 Minna Street, o
O Above Sixth. O
® Phone South 14. Open Evenings. O
00000 OO 00 0
GRAND OPENING OF THE
TURKISH RUG CO.'S
New Art Rooms
AT 234 SUTTER ST.,
Between Kearny ana Grant aye. ; 7
To be inaugurated by "
AUCTION
TO-DAY, THURSDAY,
The Last Day of Auction,
At 2 and 8 p. m. '-*
After that we will sell at PRI-
VATE SALE.
;. New, Fine Special Importation of I?
Oriental Rugs
For " this ■ occasion, ; merely - for • advertisement A
will .be ; offered at auction, positively without
reserve. V '■ '■.:; •.. . _ ; . ....'■.... , . :■-. ■, : .......
■.- (T^TWe being ' a ■ permanent firm our guaran-
tee Is safety to the buyers for the genuine ness .
and superiority of • our goods. • -We also '- offer
the special privilege to exchange the ■ goods
bought from us within the period of one year
.;•■ TURKISH .RUO: COMPANY ■
„ ■ : ~; JVM.': BUTTERFiELD, 'Auctioneer.