VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 76.
CABINET PONDERS
OVER DISPOSITION
OF PHILIPPINES
Its Action Will Depend Upon the
Reports From Merritt and
Dewey.
Belief That the People of Cuba Soon Will
Request Annexation to the United
States.
• ■ • WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.-The White
; Bouse, War Department and Navy De
partment t -day resumed their usual
.Sunday quiet, a condition which has
'not prevailed since the Maine was
•blown up in Ha\ ana harbor on Feb
" ruary 15.
The President believes that the most
• serious problem which the peace com
mission will be called upon to deal with
is that of the F;-lipp<— Before the
commission assembles, it is hoped, the
: affairs of Cuba and Porto Rico will be
found in such process of adjustment as
:to lea little for the commission to
consider under that head. The abso
. lute relinquish- lent by Spain of all sov
ereignty over the islands in the West
Indies will cave only the property
•questions to be settled— that is, what
: Spain shall take and what shall remain
captures of war.
■ The greater questions growing out
'of the war as relating to Cuba and
• Porto Rico will have to be dealt with
by the United States alone. The fact
.that the Philippines will present the
difficult problem in the peace negotia
tions has caused the administration to
■give it a great deal of careful attention.
■'".-. Several suggestions have been made
as to what shall be done, one being the
'.; retention of the bay, city and harbor
..of Manila, just what the protocol gives
temporarily. Another is that Subig Bay
; 'and sufficient territory for a naval and
.- coaling station be secured and the
bujlding up of an American city at
that place begun. Still another idea
■which is bein<" conisdered is the reten
. tjon of the island of Luzon, the ad
• vocates of that plan believing that
' there would be trouble between the
" governments which occupied a portion
.of the island with a line of demarca
tion such as would exist in case Manila
•and the bay. only were retained: T"!"*
'•'island of Luzon is " the largest of the
group arid contains about 3,000,000 peo
ple,, who are said to be the better class
in the Philippines.
..-.' It is believed that the administra
" tion and the commission will be greatly
] influenced by the reports which Ad
miral Dewey and General Merrltt will
make on the subject. Their reports are
expected before the commission meets.
The final determination as to the gov
" ernment of Porto Rico and the settle
ment of the government of Cuba are
.' problems for settlement, but the im
pression prevails that these islands will
' become quite rapidly Americanized and
• every encouragement for them to do so
.-.■ will he given. Porto Rico will be under
" military control for the present. Cuba
.. also will be similarly governed, but it is
' " probable that American reforms in the
■" matter of government will be such that
'.. the people of Cuba will see the advan
.; tage of becoming annexed to the United
••; States. It is thought that the sanitary
•'. improvement of Havana and other
.'cities, the management of the munici
": palities and liberty offered the coun
:• "try's people will be of such a character
v as" soon to convince the people that the
: . changed conditions are for their good.
.•• There has been little doubt about soon
.... settling ttfe transfer of Porto Rico,
'> ..which will be treated at once as an
. American possession.
\. ' No more troops will be sent to Gen
• eral Merritt unless he asks for them.
■■ .- It is believed at the War Department
.that the 16,000 men now there are suf
".- -ficient to garrison Manila and the
:'■ ground which the United States will oc
: -cupy for the present.
•.' All of the troops that were with Gen
eral Shafter in the Sanitago campaign
'/'will be out of Cuba by Friday of this
Vrweek. General Shafter will accom
pany them to Montauk Point. There
• will remain at Santiago five regiments
'•' of lmmunes to do garrison duty. It is
'.. -yet possible that a battery will be sent
:' -to Santiago to take the place of the bat
■. teries which are to be removed. Gen-
: eral Miles has about 15,000 men in Porto
"Rico. They will be sufficient for the
• "occupation of the island and perhaps
/•more than needed after the Spanish
.' -evacuate. The remainder of the troops
'-:' will remain in the various camps to
■}' whic'i they have been assigned for the
■ •' present, though some-thing may be done
:/ looking toward diminishing the num
".- \Jjer when it becomes apparent that they
"..lire no longer needed.
■ ; ' The Government will dispose of the
.. " transports that have been in use as fast
■■''. as they can be released and are no
.:■ ■ longer required for service. All yes
• ' sels of the navy that can be spared
:= from service in the West Indies will be
.■ ordered to ports in the States, where
, the men will be given brief holidays.
'•■•.'.The big battleships of the fleet will be
v .put in the drydock as Boon us possible
• . and undergo such repairs as may be
.. -necessary. ■ There is Bcarcely a vessel of
.'■-'•the navy that does not need repairing.
' -It is expected that the large dock in the
■: ■'. New York yard will be ready to receive
the ships in about two weeks.
' ' The auxiliary vessels of the navy
which will not be used for the per
:. manent navy will be disposed of as soon
as they go out of commission probably
.; 'being sold at auction.
MANILA NOTIFIED.
• : ' British. Steamship Carries News of
Peace From Hongkong.
HONGKONG. Aug. 14.— News of the
cessation of hostilities between the
United States and Spain was received
here yesterday. The British steamer
The San Francisco Call
Australian, bound for Sydney, N. S. W..
was chartered to carry the news to Ma
nila. No other vessel was available for
the pur- ise owing to the prevalence of
typhoons.
MAY BE ANOTHER FIGHT.
Spanish Commander at Aibonito Re
fuses to Surrender.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL WIL
SON, COAMO, Aug. 14.— "Tell the
American General, if he desires to
avoid further shading of blood, to re
main where he is."
This was the reply of the Spanish
commander Colonel Nuevlllus, to Gen
eral Wilson's demand for the surren
der of Aibonito, made last night. A
fight is certain to occur unless orders
to prevent are sent from Washington.
ITALY'S CONGRATULATIONS.
First Nation to Felicitate America on
the Return of Peace.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— The United
States Government to-day received the
first congratulation from a foreign
power regarding the termination of the
war. The congratulations came from
Italy, through the Italian Minister,
Baron Fava. He communicated an ex
pression of congratulation on the sign
ing of the preliminaries of peace to
gether with the wish of the Italian
Government, that after the war, con
ducted with such conspicuous gallantry
by the United States, this country
might enjoy the benefits of peace. Em
i bassador Fava in presenting the views
of his Government expressed the hope
• that the-"- would be communicated as
i soon as possible to the President.
SPANISH DISAPPOINTMENT.
Public Bitterly Criticizes the Philip
pine Clause in the Protocol.
MADRID, Aug. 14.— The city was pa
trolled T-■T -■ *T^*"'- s r-»i-->-v^i %<•■>;■- i^-y'^^'i-J
: i ran^uiintv -nnevaJted; >_.TiwS pubWcat^
of the protocol produced keen disap
pointment so far as it refers to the
Philippines, where, it had been hoped,
Spain would preserve her sovereignty
intact. Clause 3of the protocol dis
pels this illusion. Echoing public feel
ing the independent and opposition pa
per's bitterly criticize the clause as af-
Clause 3 of the protocol dis
is Illusion. Echoing public feel
e independent and opposition pa-
Itterly criticize the clause as af
fording pretext for curtailing Spanish
sovereignty in an archipelago where
control or interference of a foreign
power would make the natives ungov
.ernable.
HOSTILITIES AT AN END.
Governors of Cuba and Porto Bico
Carry Out Peace Instructions.
MADRID, Aug. 14.— The Governors
General of Cuba an*l Porto Rico have
acknowledged the receipt of the news
of the suspension of hostilities between
the United States ;tnd Spain, and an
nounced the carrying out of the orders.
MADRID PRESS MOURNS.
Dissatisfied With the Terms of the
Peace Protocol.
MADRID, Aug. 14.— El Pals to-day
prints the text of the protocol signed by
the United States and Spain with
mourning borders, and says:
"Spain without colonies is reduced
to the role of a third-rate power."
El Impartial says: "Peace will not
bring to Spain even the rest she so
much needs after three years and a
half of war."
1:1 Nacional says bitterly: If Spain
had at least been vanquished only after
; , furious and heroic struggle she could
resign herself. Peace with the United
States will only be a momentary res
pite from our misfortunes."
LONDON, Aug. 14.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
"The comments of the press on the pro
tocol are a veritable funeral hymn on
the destruction of the Spanish colonial
empire. Some days ago the desire for
peace made the people close their eyes
to the price, but now upon reading the
protocol, they realize that the cost is
the loss of that empire which Spain had
conquered with so much glory and that
Spain now falls to the second rank
among nations. The public mind is
stunned and there is general mourn
ing.
"General Blanco telegraphs that Ha
vana is greatly agitated by the news
of the signing of the protocol, and that
there is much anxiety to learn the con
ditions, which have not yet been pub
lished. Some uneasiness is felt re
garding the effect the news of the
protocol may have on the Spanish votes
in Havana. Many newspapers ex
press grief and despair that the men
•who brought disaster on Spain by lack
of foresight, organization and ability
should continue to govern the country."
LOSS OF THE ENEMY.
Fifteen Spaniards Killed in
the Attack on Man
zanillo.
MADRID, Aug. 14.— Reports
frorr) Havana state that the
bombardmcrjt of Manzanillo
lasted from 3o'clocK until 9
in the evening and that at
tacks were roade by the in
surgents at varioos points.
During the engagement fif
teen Spaniards were Killed.
The American commander
gave the authorities three
hours in which to capitulate.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
CALL-HERALD BOAT ENTERS HAVANA HARBOR.
First Vessel Hying the American Flag to Visit Cuba's Capital Since War Began.
Correspondent Visits Blanco.
Special Cable to Th. Call and the New ITorU Herald^Copyrl^ted, 1898. • 1* James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD CALL-HERALD DISPATCH BOAT MORAN, In Havana Harbor, Aug. 14.-The Call-Her
ald dfspatclf boat at 10 o^cfocK this morning entered the harbor of Havana, being the «T* vessel flying
the MBKtSg S iSXSSid after sending a shell into the
Sailing quietly P as J™j v " h harbor The Call-Herald resident correspondent, accompanied
palace to see Captain-General Blanco We *ere toiio * £ f , f the Harbor captain.
«f M — W »— B fOMd " ShiP
InSP To a u a n ppe«rTn« HO H a : e an g " rr ss d order Iy..1 y.. There were targe crowds on promenade, M t I was informed
vations they have undergone as a result of the blockade.
IN THE SUBURBS OF MANILA.
A scene on the main street of Sampaloc, the suburban residence of most of the Consuls and better class of the foreign
population of Manila. This street, a well paved one, forms a part of one of the most delightful drives to be had
about Manila, and on every occasion summer afternoons, Sundays and holidays it is crowded with of
the city in the various kinds of turnouts to be seen in the Far East-English, French, German and American, the
latter predominating. An American or European horse, however, is rarely seen, the small Manila or China ponies,
which thrive well in the country, being exclusively used for draught and riding purposes.
URGE SALISBURY
TO STAND FIRM
London Editors Bitter in
Criticism.
PEOPLE CRY FOR ACTION
CITE THE UNITED STATES AS
AN EXAMPLE.
Standard Declares the Time Has
Come for the Country to Dic
tate the Course of the
Ministry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— A dispatch to
the World from London says: An im
portant section of the Ministerialists is
indignant and chagrined at the con
tinued rebuff and humiliation in China.
Parliament having been prorogued, the
only means of expressing the dissatis
faction erf the supporters of the Govern
ment now is through the press. The
Standard, a semi-official Government
organ says:
"There has been too much surrender.
The time has come for the Ministers to
determine on and to carry through a
line of action which shall secure effect
ual protection to imperial interests and
prestige, it is for the country to spec
ify what that action should be. The
Government are its trustees and it Is
its duty endowed as they are with am
ple means, to see that its reputation,
its power and its commercial prospects
do not suffer disaster."
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— A dispatch to
the Tribune from London says: Par
liament has closed with debates on
England's China policy which have
caused dismay among the Government
followers and with the appointment of
a Viceroy for India which has filled
the forward school with delight. By a
singular coincidence the same issue of
the Times which contained the report
of Mr. Balfour's speech, with halr
splitting polemics on spheres of influ
ence and the "open door" principle,
recorded M. l'a\ioff's success in veto-
Ing the Neu Chang loan in spite of
Lord Salisbury's offer to guarantee
China against the consequences of
currying out the contract.
Tin- chief function of the vigilant
China correspondent of the Ti nefl
seems to be to compel the Queen's Min
isters to reverse their statements of
diplomatic policy and to confirm his
dispatches the day after the event, as
Mr. Balfour has dune once more. There
is much dissatisfaction among the Con
servatives in Parliament over the lail
ures of British diplomacy in China and
old-fashioned Tory journals like the
Standard are outspoken in warning the
Government that clear, vigorous, reso
lute action is needed In order to avert
lasting damage to British prestige and
interests and ruin to the Unionist party.
The English people are in fact weary
unto death of empty phrase making.
They cry aloud for stirring action of
the American order. What they clearly
understand Ifl the fact that whether
the principle of the open door applies
to tariffs, spheres of action, railway
concessions, or what not, Russia in the
last six months has been acting with
masterful energy in the far east, and
by sheer audacity and bullying has dis
placed British influence.
M. Pavloff in the last instance has
torn up one English railway contract
and Mr. Balfour does not know what
will happen in the case of another rail
way concession which lies within the
British sphere of influence. Russia,
Germany and Prance are virtually co
operating against England, and small
fry states like Belgium are taking part
in the diplomatic campaign against
Meanwhile Lord Salisbury has gone
to the Continent, Mr. Balfour is pining
for golf, and Parliament has broken
up for the long vacation.
UNCLE SAM MAY HELP
OUT SPAIN WITH COIN
Likely to Pay for the Transportation
of Cervera and His Sailors to
Their Homes.
NEW YORK, Aur. 14.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President Mc-
Kinley and Acting Secretary of the Navy
Allen will consider this week the method
to be adopted for sending naval prisoners
to Spain. It is desired to send Admiral
Cervera and his men to their homes with
all practicable dispatch.
Spain will have to go to very heavy
expense to transport the army in Cuba
home, and it is possible she may not be
able to raise the money to pay for the re
turn of the prisoners at Annapolis and
Portsmouth. In this event there is reason
to believe the United States will place a
contract with a steamship line for the
transportation of Cervera and his sailors.
The cost would be about 5100.000.
POPE LEO'S RACE
IS ALMOST RUN
His Holiness Near to
Death.
CONDITION GROWING WORSE
MEMBERS OF THE FAMILY
HURRY TO ROME.
Insisted on Getting Up on Friday,
but Was Carried Back to Bed
in a State of Partial
Collapse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Aug. 14— The Rome corre
spondent of the Cologne Gazette says:
The condition of the Pope no longer ad
mits of disguise. His health has
gradually gone from bad to worse and
his Holiness is now a decrepit old man,
who rarely speaks. His voice Is of the
weakest, thinking tires him and pray
ers confuse him. He has been observ
ed to commence the same prayer ten
times without noticing the repetitions.
ROME. Aug. 14.— The Pope's extreme
weakness has produced great commo
tion and excitement among the mem
bers of the Sacred College. It Is re
ported that France, Germany and Aus
tria, as being chiefly concerned in the
acession tv the Papacy, have ordered
their representatives not to leave Rome.
The Pope's physician thinks there Is
no danger if the Pope is able to pull
through the hot weather. All the mem
bers of the family of the Pope have
hurled to Rome.
His Holiness on Friday insisted on
getting up, but soon had to be carried
to bed again in a state of partial col
lapse.
"Father Bill" Daly Injured.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— "Father Bill"
Daly, the well-known horseman, was bad
ly injured to-night in a runaway accident
at Sheepshead Bay. The center pole of
his surrey broke, throwing him to the
ground. His left shoulder was dislocated
and he sustained internal lniuries-
WILSON ATTACKS
A STRONGHOLD OF
THE SPANIARDS
Porto Rican Engagement in
Which Our Forces Are Com
pelled to Retire.
One American Killed and Several Badly
.Wounded— Demand for Surrender
Alter the Battle.
AT THE FRONT WITH GENERAL
WILSON'S COLUMN, FIVE MILES
BEYOND COAMO, PORTO RICO, Aug.
12, 12 o'clock evening: (delayed in trans
mission). — General Wilson moved one
Lancaster battery out to the front this
afternoon for the purpose of shelling
the Spanish position on the crest of the
mountain at the head of the pass
through which the rorvl wind?. The en
emy occupied a position of great nat
ural strength, protected by several lines
of intrenchments and a battery of two
howitzers. The Spaniards were eag-er
for the fray, and earlier in the day had
fired upon Colonel Biddle of the Engi
neer Corps, who, with a platoon of
Troop C of New York, was reconnoiter
ing on their right flank.
As our battery rounded a curve in the
road 2000 yards away the enemy opened
an artillery and infantry fire. Four
companies of the Third Wisconsin,
which were posted on the bluffs to the
right of the road, were not permitted
to respond to the infantry fire. The
guns advanced at a gallop in the face
of a terrific fire. They were unlimbered
and were soon hurling shell and shrap
nel at the enemy at a lively rate, strik
ing the emplacements, batteries and in
trenchments with the rhythmatic reg
ularity of a triphammer. The enemy
soon abandoned one gun, but continued
to serve the other at intervals for over
an hour. They had our range, and their
shrapnel burst repeatedly over our men.
One shell burst, the fragments killing
Corporal Swanson of Company L and
BARK C. C. FUNK LOST.
Captain Nissen, His Wife and
Two Children Among the
Drowned.
LONDON, Aug. 14.—Ad
vices from Melbourne re
port that the American bark
C. C. Funk, Captain Nissen,
which sailed from Tacoma
on May 22 for Melbourne,
has been wrecked on Flin
ders island, Tasmania.
Eleven of those on board
the bark, including Captain
Nissen, his wife and two
children, were drowned.
Ipkice five cents.
seriously wounding Corporal Yanke and
Privates Bunce and Vought.
Captain Lee and Private Slaer of
Company F were wounded by Mauser
bullets.
Captain Paget, the British army of
ficer who is with the American forces
for the purpose of observing the opera
tions in the field, distinguished himself
by aiding Dr. Woodbury.
In about two hours the enemy aban
doned the other gun and the men be
gan to flee from the intrenchmenta
toward a banana grove in the gorge.
Our guns shelled them as they ran.
One gun was no\\i ordered to advance
to a position a quarter of a mile fur
ther on. It had just reached the new
position when Spanish infantry re
enforcements filed into the trenches and
fired down a deadly fire upon our men,
compelling the battery to retire at a
gallop. Then both the enemy's howitz
ers reopened and shrapnel screamed
and Mausers sang. Another gun gal
loped from the rear, but our ammuni
tion was exhausted.
Lieutenant Haines was shot In the
body by a Mauser Just before his gun
retired, the ball following a rib. The
orders issued for two companies to ad
vance were countermanded and the fir
ing soon ceased.
Colonel Bliss went forward to the
enemy's line with a flag of truce and
explained that peace negotiations were
almost concluded and that their posi
tion was untenable and demanded their
surrender. The Spanish have no com
munication with the outside world, but
the commander asked until to-morrow
in order that he might communicate
with Governor General Macias.
General Wilson and staff viewed to
day's action from a hill at the right of
the battery. The enemy's guns were
fired from a high elevation with low
velocity. The Spaniards had the
ranges as accurately as they had at
Santiago. Their position from the front
is almost impregnable.
Estimates of the strength of the
enemy range from 500 to 1000. Their
position is five miles from Aibonito.
MLACIAS WOULD NOT QUIT.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL,
WILSON AT COAMO, Aug. 13, noon
(delayed in transmission). — The orders
to advance given to General Ernst's
brigade were countermanded upon re
ceipt of the President's order to sus
pend hostilities.
General Wilson this morning sent a
party with a flag of truce to notify the
Spaniards of the suspension of hostili
ties, but the flag was not respected.
This was by order of Governor General
Macias. As General Macias has no
communication with Madrid, he may
thus cut himself off from official noti
fication of the situation, although na
tives have been sent through the Span
ish lines to spread the news that a ces
sation of hostilities has been ordered.
The soldiers of the American army
generally receive the news of peace
with delight, .. though some are dis
appointed that there is to be no further
fighting, and many officers express re
gret at the suspension of hostilities In
the midst of the campaign.
AMERICAN ADVANCE STOPPED.
PONCE Porto Rico, Aug. 13 (even
ing). — The peace news has stopped all
forward movement of the American
army in Porto Rico. General Wilson
at Coamo and General Schwan at
Mayaguez will remain at those places.
General Henry, who is at Utuado, will
return to Adjuntas, and General
Brooke, who had advanced beyond
Guayama, will return to that town.
General Mills expects to do "nothing
pending the arrival at San Juan of the
Peace Commissioners.
OUR LOSSES CONSIDERABLE.
Special cable to The (""all and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 14.— An
official bulletin to-day says that the in
vading army confined itself to an ar
tillery fire upon the intrenchments
where the advanced posts of Aibonito
are situated.
On the Spanish side an artilleryman
was wounded slightly. The American
losses were considerable, it is stated,
and the invac" — s have retired in tho
direction of
The American troops, the bulletin
says, also opened an Infantry fire oa
the road from Salinas to Aibonito, but
they did not succeed in driving th«
Spanish forces from the position*
which th^y occupied there. J\.t 5 o'clock
in the afternoon firing ceased and did
not recommence during the whole
night. FREEMAN HALSTEAD.
WILL NOT SURRENDER.
COAMO, Porto Rico, Aug 13, via
Ponce, Aug. 14.— Colonel Bliss went out
from the lines to-day and met Colonel
Neuvilas, who brought the answer of
General Ostego to the demand for the
surender of Aibonito, of which he is
military commander. General Ostogo
refused positively to comply with the
request, the substance of his reply be
ing that if the Americans desired to
avoid bloodshed they would remain
where they are. General Wilson then,
determined to resume his advance un
less he should be stopped by the news
of peace2
FIRE A SEVERE
BLOW TO FRESNO
Packing-House Men Are
Staggered.
HUNDREDS ARE OUT OF WORK
NO STEPS TAKEN TOWABD RE-
BUILDING.
Heroic Efforts Saved the Southera
Pacific Freight Depot - Sum
mary of Losses and
Insurance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FREPN'O, Aug. 14.— The conflagra
tion that devastated a large area in the
packing- house district In Fresno at
midnight, wad Dot got under control
until daybreak this morning. The agf
. g;r<>gate loss i^ now variously estimated
from a conservative standpoint -it from
5300.000 to $450,080.
The buildings, together with their en
tire contents, destroyed were: The For
eyth Seeded Raisin Packing Company's
establishment, Phoenix Packing Hou?e,
Union Ice Works (partially destroyed).
National Ire Company's establishment,
Farmers 1 Warehouse, Einstein Wars
" house, Hobbs & Parsons' Warehouse
(partially destroyed) and the residence
ot John Doyle, yardmaster.
In addition to the buildings enumo-
rated, the Southern Paeinc"s loss will
be considerable. Several strings of
freight car? standing along the sides of
the packing houses and the warehouses
were ;■ mass of Barnes before the force
of railroad p.. en couid haul them away.
The freight aepot of the Southern Pa
cific was on fire several times, but a
large force of railroad men were sta
tioned, there and they managed to
save it.
Gartenlaub & Pratt of the Phoenix
Packing and Raisin Seeding Company
etate that their loss will amount to $70,
000 approximately. This piant was par
tially covered by insurance. The Ftock
alone in this packing house was valued
at $;;0,000.
Forsyth's loss is placed at $li".000.
>A Forsyth was in Santa Cruz
when his business pla^e was destroyed.
Then? was an insurance '>n the build
1 stock amounting to $:■
M. W. Muller of the Farmers' Ware
house estimates his loss at 25,000. The
grain was all insured. The insurance
n grain is low, and for that rea
son it is believed that i; was insured to
nearly its value.
The i": ; s t.i the Einstein Warehouse
will foot up to abnui the same as the
Farmers' Warehouse Company.
It is in | • stimate the loss
to the ice company, but their loss will
be a very heavy one, as large quanti
ties of wood and coal wer ■ consumed.
The loss of Hobbs & Parsons will be
between $30,006 and $50,000. They s-uc
1 in saving a part of their ware
-
The Southern Pacific's loss wil' also
be large, but even an approximati m
could not be made this morning,
ty-five or thirty tars were burn ..
of them being loaded with grain
aha raisins. A large number et ties
•were also destroyed and the *raok was
burned in a number of places A num-
C third-class sleepers were also re
duced to ashes.
Only the low, compact structure of
the Hiibbs <£ Parsons' warehouse and
the fire-proof construction of the Bur
leigh building prevented the fire from
ping the entire line of packing
houses on both Bides of the track.
The loss nt the two principal pack
ing houses of the district is a severe
blow to Fresno. It will be the means
of throwing hundreds of needy men and
women out of employment at the only
time when they usually find this class
of work in abundance. The. loss of
nearly sixty carloads of raisins in the
is warehouses and packing estab
lishments will not injure the raisin
business in this section in the least.
The canning crop will bo packed and
seeded by the remaining places.
No action has been taken thus far
toward rebuilding in the burned dis
trict.
FRUITLESS HOLDUP UN
THE SANTA FE ROAD
Bobbers Foiled by Guards and Mes
sengers—Fifty Shots Fired, but
No One Injured.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Aug, 14.— The j
Westbound express train that left this
city in charge of Conductor, Barney was
held up airly this morning at Grants Sta
tion on the Santa Fe road, ninety-six
.miles west of here. The train left the
' station on time and nothing 1 was heard
of the robbers until just as it started, i
when three men boarded the engine and
. covered the engineer and fireman. Three- i
fourths of a mile out the train was stopped
. and th- engineer was forced to uncouple
the mail and baggage cars, after which
the head end of the train, with the rob
bers in cnarge, went on nearly a mile
further. They then stopped and, with the
engine men forced to walk ahead, started
for the express car.
The car was provided with two mes
sengers and with two special guards, me
four men had put out all lights, and met ;
the bandits with a volley from the open
door -us they approached. The robbers
returned the lire and about fifty shots
were exchanged, but no one was hit by
any of them. The robbers kept close to
the engine men, and the fear of killing
. the latter forced the expressmen to avoid
shooting into the group.
After half an hour's fighting the hold
ups gave up the job and took to the hills.
""Four men did the work. A' -Sack of pre
pared, giant powder cartridges was found !
hidden In almost the same place where
the -dynamite was found at the last at
tempted hold up at the same place.
No clew as to the identity of the out
laws has been discovered and no attempt
.has yet been made to follow them. This
Is the third hold-up or attempted hold-up
at Grants within the past six months.
••Black Jack," "Broncho Bill," "Kid"
Johnson and several others of the more
notorious of the New Mexico's bad men, |
who have usually been accused of the
train robberies at Grants have within
.the past few months, been killed or cap
tured, and no theory has yet been ad
vanced by the officers as to the perpetra
tors of this last bold job. • ■
THREE LIVES LOST IN
THE RIVER NEAR COLUSA
.Mrs. Meyerpeter Goes to the Bescue
of Her Husband and Perishes
With Him.
COL.USA, Aug. 14.— Frank Schmidt, a
chimney-sweeper, was drowned in the
.river half a mile above town yesterday. It
Is supposed he was stricken with cramps.
Word was received last evening from
Princeton that Burnett Meyerpeter and
wife were drowned In the river near the
above place. Mr. .v. rpeter was batn
inff and got cramps. He called for help,
and his wife answered by going in a duck
• boat to rescue him The drowning man
caught hold of the boat, upsetting It, and
In their struggles both husband and wife
perished. The bodies had not been re
covered up to this morning.
Prominent Irisb.-American Dead.
DETROIT, Aug. 14— Colonal J. A. At
kinson, a prominent Irish-American citi
zen of this city, died suddenly of neural
gia of the heart to-day.
WHAT AMERICA
GAINED BY WAR
Beneficial Results of the
Strife.
IS AGAIN A UNITED NATION
NATIONAL SPIRIT RECEIVES
NEW LIFE.
London Times Sees in the Outcome
the Struggle More Than the
Mere Conquering of the
Spanish Foe.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— The Times this
morning comments editorially upon
the universal recognition of the gener
ous part which President McKinley has
played', throughout the war between
the United States and Spain, and says:
If foreign observers might presume to
have an opinion upon his conduct, it
■ would probably be that President McKin
ley has kept his finger constantly upon
the national pulse and has known how to
stimulate and direct national thought
without too markedly outrunning its
' movement. Everything has been done in
the open, every move has been discussed
as a possibility all over the United States
before the Government was irrevocably
committed one way or the other, and the
result of the cautious, tentative policy ia
that where he stands at this moment, the
President has the whole American people
at his back. : ' ,; ■
We do not know that there can be any
higher statesmanship for a President gov
erning under the constitution of the
United States.
It is noteworthy that while tne Span
iards, who are usually regarded as chival
rous, romantic and medieval, have turned
first to the financial aspect of the situa
tion, the Americans, who are usually sup
posed to be intensely patriotic, have as
yet hardly given a thought to the finan
cial or economic side of the question.
What occupies the American people at
this moment is not the cost of the war,
not the value of their acquisitions, nor
the balance of the profit and loss account.
but the moral result of the struggle and
the nature of the ideas which U stimu
lates. •::' ; >v
Whether Bryanism is dead or. only sleep
ing, whether the smaller issues of party
warfare are suppressed by large and
worthy conceptions of national policy or
only thrown for the time into the back
ground, there can be no doubt that the
war has had and will have a profound
effect upon American ideas and aims. Not
only has It renovated the Idea of national
unity, impaired by the great civil strug
gle, but it has supplied that sense of con
tact With external forces which is prob
ably one of the most potent influences in
favor of maintaining the national spirit.
The Antilles themselves introduce' a
novel element into American life and open
up Questions upon which parties may
differ greatly and worthily. This in itself
is a gain, and one which was. more or loss
conscientiously sought when the war was
undertaken. The perilous unrest spoken
of by the New York Times was a real
national evil, which sprang directly, so
far as foreigners can judge, from the dis
appearance of clear, intelligent party is
sues. That unrest, we may assume, has
vanished and been replaced by new anx
ieties or solicitudes which may become
acute, but are very unlikely to become
Beyond the Antilles lies a more difficult
question— Philippines— and that gues
s or Bolicitudei which may become
te, but arc very unlikely to become
bid.
syond the Antilles lies a more difficult
3tJon— the Philippines— and that ques
tion docs- not end with the Philippines
themselves. These islands may be taken
just now as a symbol of American
awakening and of the entry of the re
public upon a new career which, Philip
pines or no Philippines, she is hence
forth bound to follow.
Records Broken at Gilroy.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 14.— Over the Gilroy
course to-day Hunt Smith broke two ama
teur one mile records. On the first trial,
with a flvinsr start, he broke the first
record, the time being 1:49, against 1:. > 1-5,
made by Smith some weeks ago. With
a standing start the mile was made in
2:06, the former record being 2:12 1-5, made
by Charles Franklin. The tandem record
was also broken. The flying tandem
time was the same as Smith s, beating
the former record of 1:52% of llaggerty
and Williams.
EXTRAORDINARY PLETHORA
OF GOLD AT WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— Here is an anomalous situation. The
war is ended, but the money provided by the sale of bonds to carry
It on has scarce begun coming into the Treasury. This means, to
begin with, that but half of the four hundred millions authorized by
Congress will ever be issued. The issue of a hundred millions of
TreaHury certificates has not been made and but a small percentage of
the money from the sale of the two hundred millions in bonds has
come to the Government, and yet the gold in the Treasury to-night
amounts in round numbers to $197,000,000, while; the cash balance is
$268, 000,000. Thus at the end o~f the war, lasting 113 days and costing
about a million and a half dollars a day, the amount of gold on hand
exceeds the high-water mark of 18!)0 by more than ton millions and is
about twenty-five millions in excess of the amount on hand at the out
break of the war.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
SCENE AT THE FRESNO FIRE.
STATESMEN ARE
SINGULARLY COY
Not Eager to Serve on
Peace Commission.
FEAR POLITICAL EFFECT
MIGHT BECOME UNPOPXJLAK
WITH VOTEUS.
President McKinley Finds It Diffi
cult to Select Five Men Willing
to Act for This Gov
ern inent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— The Herald's
■Washington correspondent sends the
following: President McKinl< is not
finding the task of selecting the five
American commissioners to meet the
men to , toe apolnted by Spain an .easy
one. ' Borne of the men he .'would likl
to appoilnt are reluctant to serve. It is
realized that the disposition of the
Philippines, no matter what Is done
with them, will probably become a
leading political issue and men in politi
cal life are reluctant to make their in
dividual records bo definite on the ques
tion in advance of the great political
parties lininr up on it.
The President is finding it particular
ly difficult, I am told, to obtain Demo
cratic representation on the commis
sion. The Democratic conventions
have taken strong grounds against
holding any territory in the Philip
pines and leading Democrats are re
luctant to serve on " the . commission
where the action would be dictated by
a Republican administration and which
might put them in opposition to the de
clared policy of their party.
I understand the President is consid
ering the question of naming a military
man or a naval officer of high hank as
one of the members of the commis
sion.
NOTORIOUS GANG OF
COUNTERFEITERS CAUGHT
Secret Service Men Capture Plates
and Dies and a Quantity of
Bogus Money.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— Information
has been received by the Treasury Secret
Service from Detroit, Mich., of a gang of
counterfeiters whose operations have
given the Government considerable trou
ble. They are Charles, Edward and David
Johnson. Through the efforts of Detec
tive Webb, the department has secured
some of the important paraphernalia used
by them. Chief Wilkie regards the ar
rest as a most important one, as he iden
tifies the men with the issues of Han
cock and Wlndom $2 counterfeit bills,
which have been circulated freely in the
West and East during the past .eight
years. .
j\t the headquarters of 'the gang the
officials recovered [!■<■ face and back
plates from which the Hancock counter
feit-was made, and also the plates tor
making the large and small seals on these
bills. There were also .taken Ilftys2 Han
cook and 500 $5 Wihdom bills— latter
being regarded as the best all-round coun
terfeits discovered for years.
Charles Johnson, who. is said to be at
the head of the gang, is about ' 63 years
old, and according to the statements -of
the secret service officials here, he has
spent considerable time in prison for
counterfeiting.
GOT HIS FINAL KNOCKOUT.
Pugilist Dies in Colorado From the
Effects of a Fight.
IDAHO SPRINGS, Colo., Aug. 14.—
James Rework, a local pugilist, died this
afternoon from Injuries received in a
twenty-round contest last nipht with
Robert Watkins, a colored fighter. Re
wark claimed to have been the champion
of New Mexico at one time. Watkins is
under arrest.
PINE CREEK RICH
IN VIRGIN GOLD
Late Discovery Excites
Juneau.
NEWS CAUSES A STAMPEDE
KUSH OF PROSPECTORS FROM
SOUTHEASTERN ALASKA.
Miners Employed on Discovery Claim
Take Out Sixty Dollars a Day
in Gold Nuggets to
the Man.
Special Disiatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Aug. 10 (via Seat
tle Aug. 14). — What is regarded as a
most important discovery of rich placer
diggings is reported to have been made
on Pine Creek, a small stream emptying
into Atlin Lakf, a feeder of Lake
Tagiflh. The discovery is located in the
Northwest Territory, Canada. The
news has caused a great stamped* from
Juneau and other Southeastern Alaska
points, and it is estimated that at least
1000 prospectors have started for the
location.
As reported here, the find was made
two years ago by George Miller of this
city, about the time the Klondike strike
was made. Miller allowed his discovery
to lie dormant and went to the Klon
dike. Last June he returned, and, tak
ing a few friends into his confidence,
revisited the place and staked out
claims. Walker Carter, who has just
returned from the diggings, Bays:
"I Baw four men shovel in twenty-six
ounces in two days, one pan from bed
rock containing $4. This was oh Dis
covery claim. I'ine Creek is about fif
teen miles long, and will average sev
enty-five feet in width. The current is
very rapid. The diggings are what are
known as bar diggings or summer
placers. Discovery claim is about eight
miles from the mouth of the creek.
Bedrock is only five feet from the sur
face, and is of a slate formation. Mil
ler has five men at work shoveling into
sluiceboxes, and ho pays them $12 a day
each, settling every night with dust
taken from the boxes. The men are
taking out $60 a day to the man. The
grave] shows from 20 to 150 colors.
Captain Strickland of the Canadian
mounted police and several men are al
ready on the ground, and have staked
claims for themselves and reserved the
Government claims. When I left thirty
three claims had been located, and the
balance erf the creek is reserved by the
Canadian Government.
"When I was coming out to Juneau I
met a large number of prospectors
going into every bay along Tagish Lake
trying to find the ppot which they had
heard of, but whose location they did
not know."
The news has caused great excitement
in Janeau, and every boat leaving here
is crowded with prospectors. The gold
brought in from the new diggings is
—like thnt from the Klondike--very
course, but it is said to be worth $2 an
ounce more.
STRANGE DROWNING
OF A TACOMA MAN
William Deming Smith Mysteriously-
Lost From a Small Vessel
at Blame.
TACOMA, Aug. 14.— William Deming
Smith, manager of the Alaska Packers'
Association's Puget Bound canning in
terests, met a mysterious death at
Blame yesterday. His body was found
in the Sound under circumstances in
dicating drowning, and a Coroner's in
quest has been started to determine
the cause.
Some time ago Smith's company sold
the steamer Puritan to men who in
tended taking her to Alaska. This
agreement failed and the steamer was
anchored 150 feet off Blame dock. Yes
terday afternoon Smith hired a small
boy to row him out to the steamer to
K<-t some papers that he wanted to
transmit to San Francisco. There vas
nobody aboard the steamer. He went
aboard, and the boy, after waiting a
long time, became alarmed and started
to investigate.
On the farther side of the Puritan
was a sloop 100 feet away. A man on
the stoop knew nothing of Smith's
presence on the boat or of his
disappearance. He and the boy search
ed the Puritan, but could neither find
him nor give any evidence as to his
disappearance.
An. alarm waa given, and on the
theory that Mr. Smith had fallen over
board dragging parties were organized.
This morning his body was found. The
general impression is that death waa
due to heart trouble, and that he fell
overboard during the attack.
OGDEN EXCITED
OVER A HEALER
Hopeless Cases Appar
ently Cured.
BLIND SEE AND DEAF HEAR
THE WONDER WORKER MAKES
NO PRETENSIONS.
Does Not Claim to Be Christ — Hails
From Colorado and Is on His
Way to the Pacific
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OGDEN, Utah, Aug. 14.— Ogden peo
ple are very much exercised over the
workings of one J. Landos, a healer,
who is curing the lame, the halt and
the blind in a miraculous manner, and
as rapidly almost as they can be
brought before him.
Landos came to Ogden a month ago
to recuperate, and about ten days ago
allowed himself to aid a sick man, with
the result that the man arose and
walked. Since that time people have
been flocking; to his rooms, and to-day
there are many prominent and well
known people in Ogden who are mov
ing about apparently well and who
were, some of them, practically given
up by the physicians.
The wife of a prominent attorney is
one lady who was confined to her bed
for three weeks and had suffered. two
operations. Landos visited her and
after a few minutes she arose and is
apparently completely cured. Others
have had their hearing and eyesight
restored, and the whole city is talking
of the wonders.
Landos is said to have come to Og
den from Denver and Pueblo, Colorado,
and is traveling to the coast. He is
a strong, vigorous, healthy man, dark
complexioned and about ,six feet tall.
He makes no claims or pretensions of
being the Christ, and dresses and acts
like any ordinary citizen.
Strangers are coming into Ogden
daily to visit him. His treatment con
slPts simply of laying on of hands, and
his hands do not touch the body except
about the face.
MANLY
Men are seen at a glance. There is no
hesitation, no holding back, no trem-
bling limbs, no sign of weak knees.
These are men to be proud of. Men to
be admired by all. Manliness is indi-
cated in the walk and in every action
of the whole man. In the puny mortal
you may not see at a glance how weak
he is, but he knows the sad truth.
STRENGTH
For the weak "Hudyan"— that won-
drous remtdio-treatment— is the one
thing that sheds hope on their paths,
for "Hudyan" has made over 20,000
men out of hopeless wrecks. It reaches
every case. The boy who has had vices
may be unfit to work, but "Hundan"
sends new life and vitality into his
system. So with men.
AND VIGOR
When the improper use of any organ,
say the liver— it makes no differ-
ence what it may — causes weakness,
the "Hudyan" treatment repairs all
the damage done. It helps stunted
growth, too. Send and ask for ab-
solutely free testimony about it. Then
ask for medicaj advice, too. All free.
Why not have it? Could not be bought
for any amount of money elsewhere.
One place in the world can you get
"Hudyan."
Those who have Mood taint in either
the tertiary, the secondary or the primary
form should ask for "30 day blood cure"
circulars. They are free, too, bear in
mind. "30 day cure" is effective always.
It leaves the system as pure as It was
whin you were born. • No after effects.
Don't forget. All circulars and all ad-
vice free. • •
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
/-. Makers of
il^ r FiTTirJG
§pectacles&Eye Glasses
nDTiriANS^s ;J*SapH'Capparatus.
OrMIUAINS PhotOGß* s CieNTinc -
642 Market St. instruments
VHBta CHRONICLE BUILDIH&. CATALOGUE FREE.
Wood bury' Facial Soap,, Facial Cream and
Facial Powder will be found efficacious ' for
preventing Wrinkles, Freckles ;or chapping.
They are sold everywhere at 25 cents each.
Railway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Core Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back'
ache. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu.
ralgla. Lumbago. , Internally for all Bowel
Pains, Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness. ■ Nausea, etc All drug.
i cists. ' .-
S.«H . • A,.': ; ._■■-.
ADVEKTISEMENTS. ADVE^gHENTS. :<^
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38. [~*~^ ~H ~ 1
222-224 SUTTER STREET. '^^^^mSff^^f^^^
. special . '^^liiMm&
Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday WV-
BUTTER, our choicest creamery... 1 . ■ Xfl ■ ; 'ffii ri l I* r'jly \%\
„„..'..;.. square.. 4oc | ' ■\jtH-AaP» U,f e ~.n.Lr..!a.\
SARDINES, new shipment import- . C l CTlfif AflC 1W 4\T
ed French; % tins, large boneless ■ rAjliyivlJj MAN
. fish, packed in fine olive oil, reg-
ularly 35c tin.. .;...... tin..i2.">c 2 Ways sees that his linen, and fancy
ICE CREAMK^EZEnS. rUo»*£ -- are I^^
• « 2 qts. 3Qts. si In- 5?45 the summer man in laundering every-
special price. $1 45 $1 6o $1 90 3- 4o that is necessary to his hot
reg. price.... |1 75 $2 10 $2 50 $3 00 n e in f he " apparel. Negligee shirts,
REISLING, choice old table wine, duck, pique and crash suits, fancy
our bottling, regularly $4 00 doz. vests and white linen collars shirts
£ bo " h " s :. r . g ..dozen...'?;?. OO and cuffs. Ladies shirt waists, dickies,
50c dozen allowed for empty bottles. etc., we launder just like ne*.
PURITY whisky,. made in Ken- The United States Laundry, office
tucky, spring of 1892; bottled in }qq4 Market street Telephone
. bond; : regularly $1 25. bottle. .$l.OO , • ;
Send for catalogue, free. ioUin ,v, u ■
PROCLAMATION.
STATE O7 CALIFORNIA
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO, July 30th. IMS.-
. WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
I California, at its thirty-second sesslonhejgn-
nins on the fourth day of January, A. v. »»'.
I two-thirds of all the members elected to eacn
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution or tne
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
i board of education, or school district shall In-
'' cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City ana
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, nltcrinß or for any work done, upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
i alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
nnd county are hereby e>cepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and in determining any
claim permitted to be raid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of the
elector* thereof voting at on election held .or
that purpose, shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited.
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO. .
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A ' resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California. an amendment to the Con-
stitution or the State, by adding a. new -sec-
tion, 1 to be known And" designated as. aecUon
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding- for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H- The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of thin State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected ny the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it.nnall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for ,
such county, which shall be signed in dupli- i
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the I
county. Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its |
rejection or approval, as a whole, without j
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government ; act. j
A copy of such county government act, certi- |
fled by the President of the Board of Super- |
visors or other legislative body of such county, |
and authenticated by the seal of such county, ;
Rettine forth the submission •of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and \
deposited one In the office of the Secretary of I
state the other, after being recorded In the
office of the recorder of deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
AH courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted, by the
lerlslatiTe authority of the county. to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or j
special election held at least forty days after
the publication of such proposals for twenty |
fiavq In a newspaper of general circulation In
such county, and ratified by at least three- j
fifth* of the qualified electors voting thereon,
"nd approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for the approval of the county govern-
ment act In submitting any such county gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proponi-
ton may he presented for the choice of the
voters? and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others.
It Fhali be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority Riven by
thin section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion* for the number of such officers, for ths
consolidation or segregation- of of flees, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, . the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed; and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. in the manner and
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
rovernment act. and the same shall have been
approved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the
directions of sections four and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a
system of county governments throughout the
State and likewise providing for the election
and appointment of officers, and the regula-
tion 'of their compensation, . shall not apply.
Bald county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnsbove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner hereinabova Bet forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.,
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six, thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be • known as the
Court of Claims. The saUl proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section m. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
■who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Its Judgment thereon shall bo final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows: -•.. - " •■' ■•.• - ■ "-* ■"■■ ; ; '/-
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
* In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in . July,
find - : .-■ ■■• ' ■ ■ : - .- " ■
la the City of H«rnitwwitn.. men/tin g ns .
the second Monday of November of each yea*.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, ■to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature Ehall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provision^
of this section. '
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR. |
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to the Con*
stltution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
said proposed new section to read as ■ollows:
Section 6*4. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article. ,'•-,
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.) J
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of th«
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In th«
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
otflce and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president cf the Senate, but shall
:>nly have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
i the Governor, or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties
| of his office, resignation, or absence from the
Btate, the powers and duties of the office shall
• devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability
; shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
| nor be impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
I become incapable of performing the duties of
his office, or be absent trom the State, the
• president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
\ at Governor until the vacancy in the office of
; Governor shall be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
j be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In cose of a va-
cancy in the office of Governor for any of the
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempora
of the Senate shnll succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon . the Speaker
of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such Election.
"AMENDMENT NUMBER SlX-
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3S).
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to Section
Fix. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to prammar schools by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
hijrh schools, evening schools, normal schools,
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax;
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall - include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study stall be taught which;
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT JTTTifBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 3«.
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in season for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time nt which they will resume their
session, the Governor Ehall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex.
cept at th« first twenty-flve days of the session
without the consent of three- fourths of tha
members thereof. lv *
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the nro-rt ;
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th«
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of nrn.
posed amendments to the Constitution of th»
State of California, to the qualified electors VS
their approval." approved March 7 A D 19si
the above-described proposed amendments «i
hereby published and advertised to bo voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of hi
Slav?, on' election to be heM "^Sfcout
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D ISSS :
, The said proposed amendments are to be sen.
arately voted upon tn manner and form as foil
lo T .vs; « ""*
Each ballot used at ruch election m">«t m«-,
tain written or printed thereon the foflowfrn?
words, whereupon the voter may express hi!
choice as. provided by law: "press his-
Amendment Number One. being Senato »
Constitutional Amendment No * i?
(exempting certain claims asralnst th«
City and County of-SanFuaneisco ami
the existing indebtedness of the 'city •»
of Vallejo for the construction of its ye *
water works from the provisions! of «"~
the Constitution requiring such claims N#
to be paid from the income and rev»
nues of the year In which they were . ; -
incurred). ' re
For the Amendment? .". ,%■
Amendment Number Two, be!n* S« nn ». ■
Constitutional Amendment No 10 ▼..
(providing for framing local county _ -
government acts by inhabitants oN ~N»
counties for their government) i "•
For the Amendment? * >!•
Amendment Number • Three, betnir <s<.«>i'
ate Constitutional. Amendment \5" '
44 (providing for the creation of*
Court of Claims to determine claims ▼».
against the State, and to consist nf -If?
three Superior Judges designated by ~^
the Governor^ to serve without extra
compensation). . "*
For the Amendment? < i
Amendment Number Four, being As- f.
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties organized or to be or- ■
granlzed, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
<slation In relation to counties)
For the Amendment? • r
Amendment Number Five being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor Tea
providing for succession thereto in ' Z_ !
certain cases and removing disabilty No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? i
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No 38 ' v««
(relating to and defining Grammar. - '
Schools). „-;
For the Amendment? » : •
Amendment Number Seven, belnr 'As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment *
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of To.
Legislature for not less than thirty *
nor more than siity dayS during each No,
For the Amendment? : ; ;
_ Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the,
Ir.t ce a o bov^wri°t rr t n e^ *» »* ye "
■• ■ ■ ■ ■ ■DEFECTION IN
GAGE'S CAMP
Change of Sentiment In
Southern California.
HIS MANAGERS ARE WORRIED
E. N. BULLA FAVORITE FOB
UNITED STATES SENATOR.
• T7. S: Grant Is the Second Choice.
.-•.-;. Gage Will Come to San Fran
'■'■> Cisco to Couduct His Caxn
; paign.
}"■ 1.0,S ANGELES. Aug. 14.— There has
"JJCPn a noticeable change in the sentiment
\i of the people of the south during the past
:twenty-four hours. They are not now so
-unanimously in favor of the selection of
'"■&' -Governor from this end of the State.
■ Having hud time for reflection they ad
■'.rnit the necessity of nominating a man
.atrong enough to carry a heavy vote from
San Francisco, and they fully realize that
'•this Can he accomplished only by the se
lection of a man -who is In close touch
': •svith *tho voters of that city. There is
.-tt'ow;' Some talk of a defection from the
. Gage-, forces, and considerable anxiety Is
:ielt by his local managers as to the extent
■ ;; of "the break.
".; 'The -Question of the selection of a
legislative ticket is now being more freely
' discuss . and the prospective candidates
ar-e being stood up and asked to express
•\th«ir preference for United States Sena
'■ tor.. The universal choice of the Kepubli
■ tans of this county is R. N. Bulla. Every
Due here admires him for the spirit he has
"shown throughout the present campaign
in :. peeking to insure the success of the
'•party at the next election irrespective of
•■..how it might affect his own prospects.
••Should Bulia fail to command the neces
sary strength to be elected, the second
,: choice .of the people here is U. S. Grant
'" Jr.- -of ■ San Uiego.
■. " The. headquarters of Henry T. Gage,
'Republican candidate for Governor, were
.deserted to-day, and he will, on Monday
■ ..or Tuesday, transfer his fleld of labor to
San .Francisco. His interests here will,
■however, be looked after by W. E. Dunn,
\V. TV. Parker and other railroad men,
• -and his headquarters in the Hollenbeck
will be retained until after the holding
"I 'of. -the State convention.
MRS. DUNMNG'S LIFE
: • IN SAfy FRANCISCO
THROWS NO LIGHT ON HER MY3
TERIOUS DEATH.
Evidence Goes to Show Tliat She Was
'-.' Intentionally Poisoned, but
Her Friends Know of No
Enemy.
' The death of Mrs. John P. Dunning,
formerly of San Francisco, and of her sis
t< r, .Mrs. John D. Deane, at Dover, Dela-
• ware,- -from eating poisoned chocolates j
••received by mail, supposedly from this ;
■...city",, has caused much speculation among ;
-.•people who knew the Dunnings very well.
Jfor nearly two years the couple boarded !
at- the Victoria Hotel, Mrs. Dunning first
.. conning- there as a bride in Ism*. Subse- j
.qy.ea.-tiy them went housekeeping on !
J&ush street. Then Mr. Dunning, who j
•'.was'- connected with the Associated
"..press, v.as sent to Samoa on ;
-"a special mission a.nd his wife returned j
.temporarily to her parents' home in Dela
. ware.' where the first ohlid, a daughter, j
•was born. After Dunning' s return to this j
* city his wife rejoined him, and prior to '
. -.going to housekeeping a second time, they !
•"boaTued for one month at the Renton •
• Hotel, on Sutter street. They then took !
• ■n bouse on California street, near Pierce, j
"•• and remained there until Mr. Dunning j
' wfis- obliged to go away again on another
'-.pews gathering undertaking for the Asso
••'crated Press, some months ago, when the
•■ w!fo. once more went to her father's home \
•-Jr. the East. It was while visiting him i
. that- she met her mysterious death. None .
•of th^ deceased's many friends can give j
••any 'clew to the mysterious poisoner.
-." The statement that the wranner of the
■■/"candy-box was postmarked San Fran-!
.-.cisco, puzzles the mail authorities here. I
•It 'is not the custom to postmark third- !
.-■cTass mail, the stamps simply being can- ■
■ : celled."
..' .The -possibility that the candy was ac- I
'.cid«ntally poisoned at the time of its
■'•;m.a'nufacture is denied by local manu
" ■<3Ctu"rers. Louis Saroni, one of the best
'.-•posted .men in this line of t'isiness, said:
'."It" is not even possible that the process
. Of 'manufacture could have poisoned the
. -'iliocolates. There Is no coloring matter
'••"uFf'd;" or very little of it, in the
' manufacture of this kind of confection
ery.' If the coloring or dye for a fifty
, pound batch of painted candy were swal
.- To-wed by any one in its pure state, the
iiresu-lt- would be no 1 more serious than a
■ lew 'days' illness. No tin, or other cor
.' roding utensils are used in the prepara
•tioTi of candy for market. The accidental
• ■poisoning theory will not do. If the
'chocolates were poisonous It was because \
.••'they .had been deliberately made so by i
.■some- designing person. It would be the j
easiest thins in the world to dip the !
"chocolates In a noisonous solution, and |
■. .after-allowing them to dry, to r< :oat them
v-V?ith- melted cake chocolate. Anybody
"could 'do. There are other kinds of
••■ candy that could not be tampered with
. -In. this -way. Mary people know how to i
•:'maJie "chocolate creams in their own !
"kitchens. It would be the best kind of
'•.candy for a poisoner to utilize." " .
>•: GRIFFO KNOCKED OUT.
Gets Gay With a Bartender and Now !
. ' Regrets It.
• ■ TpAingT Griffo has been at It apaJn, and
.this-tlrne a lacerated head Is his reward.
Tuamt night he strolled" Into Crowley'a
.■ ea'lrion'on Mason street and took opposite |
. ; Bldes with the bartender In a matter of
.•fepzne- fistic moment. The dispenser of
drtoKa-readlly perceived the inutlllty of a
■•'• -flstk' f-n zh germ .-it with the saturated :
.; •• .;.. " . ADVERTISEMENTS.
;.•■•■ Annual Sales ovor6,OOO COO Boxes
'.-■■'';': FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
'.. .-..Birch .as "Wind and Pain In the Stomach.
-.".-.Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
•: /..ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
' -of. Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness,
; -.Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
• ■•.Ki'ryous and Tremblina; Sensations.
'■• : "• THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEP
;. • "HP TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
' • . ; will acknowledge them to bo
. ; A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
: . .;' BEECnAM'S PUXS.takon as direct-
:. ' :ed. will quickly restore Females to com-
, ...plete. health. They promptly remove
.obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
" ...-tern and cure Sick Headache* Fora
: Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
..= IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have tho
_ LARGEST SALE
•- any Patent Medicine In the World*
• • 350. at all Drue Stores.
YOUNG MEN'S REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
The Officers of One of tlie Active Organizations of the Coming Campaign.
THE Young Men's Republican ILeaguo
of San Francisco, one of the strong
est political organizations In the city,
is now entering upon the third
year of its usefulness, and promises
to be a prominent factor in the coming
campaign. Upon coming into existence
In September, 1896, its purposes were gen
eral, but since then its officers and mem
bers have devoted much time and atten
tion to the formation of Assembly district
clubs, which are now under perfect or
ganization. The entire strength of the
league is prepared to enter with vigor
into the coming strife. That it 3 power
pugilist, so he swung a mallet at him,
and as his aim was good it landed a
knock-out blow. Griffo was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. This is not the first
time that Griffo has been in a hospital.
HONOR THE MEMORY
OF PRINCE BISMARCK
EXERCISES WILL BE HELD IN
THIS CITY.
A Fitting Celebration Under the Aus
pices of German Societies — Ora
tions in Two Languages.
A fitting celebration in honor of the
memory of Bismarck, the Iron Chancellor,
will be" held in this city early in Septem
ber. It will assume the form of a great
public gathering. There will be orations
in English and German, the former by
Professor Moses. University of California.
Theodore Kirehhoff will contribute an
original poem. The remainder of the pro
gramme will be given over to music, both
vocal and instrumental. The committees
in charge of the big demonstration fol-
Finance committee— D. Muser, Joseph Brand
ensteln, Isldor Gutte, H. Plasemann. Phllo
Jacoby. M. Bertheau and F. C. flebe.
Music committee— L.. Llseer. T. H. Severs. I*.
Ken, H. Holzhauer, T. Riegger, C. Schulti
and F. Beranter. _I . _. ■ „
Decorations and hall commltt<>e-R. Oa.pelle.
H. Fauns, A. Franks A. Becker. C. Otto. W.
Hogen and A. Zinkand.
Uterary commute* -<Tiarles Bundnchu. Pro
fes B or Flugel. Professor Gobel. PO f { e « » r
Banger, II Greenblatt, Theo. Kirchnon, F.
iuZeniann. E. C. Priber and Dr. Paulsenn
Invitation committee— Dr. \ eckt, A. R«le
ker, F. Gercke. C. Brugge, F. EgKerling and
li. Flnk'nK. _ __
Honorary committee— Baron F. H. yon
6chroeJer. aaus Spreckels. B. A. Becker. H.
Bendel. A. H. R. Schmidt. R. yon Bergen, F.
L. Siebe F. C. Bauer, F. Hess, the Rev. Mr.
Fuendeling, I. Gutte. F. H. A 1- olkers O.
Muser, Dr. D. Cohn. Dr. A. Aronstein. Dr.
Wilhelm, Dr. Castlehun, Dr. Barkan C. Cel
larlUH Dr. Kreutzmass, Dr. F. Fehleisen. Dr.
Gutsch. R. Herold. C. Bertheau, A. Herbst, E.
C Huter Thee. Kirehhoff, Vice Consul Ix,han,
F. Roedint:, E. Rohte, F. Ruether A.
Schilling, Clans Schilling, H. Schussler, F. C.
Siegfried Walter Speher. F. Tillmann Sr..
William WoIJT. Captain Van Oterendorp, P.
yon Loeseke. Adolph Mahrisch, H. Hcrzer.
Professor Ililfard. F. H. Rosenbaum B.
Broemtnel, William Berg, M. Ehrmann J. D.
Spreckc-ls, F. L. Koster, A. C. 'eber Jr.. H.
Bahr Dr. Max Magnus, M. Kollmann. F. W.
Dohrmann, L. C. Rose. H. Braunchweiger, L.
Eloes»r, H. Rothchlld, Dr. Vecki. R. Mahrisch.
Phllo Jacoby and 1... Arnstein.
Games in the Handball Court.
The usual Sunday handball games were
indulged In at Phil Ryan's San Francisco
court at 868 Howard street yesterday af
ternoon. The scores made are as follows:
B Clements and W. HnFsell defeat*] A.
! Hanson and T. Clements. Score: 21—15, 17—21,
i 21--13
M Foearty and P. Henin defeated P. Foley
! aiiil'M. J. Stokes. Score: 21-18, 14—21, 21-16.
j H Bockman and L. Waterman defeated
E. 'McDoncugh and N. Berger. Score: 21—19,
11—21 21—17.
P Stelner and P. McKlnnon defeated J. Mor
rlF an.' G. Vincent, .Score: 21—13. 20-21. 21—18.
J Condon and T. Leach defeated M. Basch
'• and 'J. Foley. Score: 21-19, 16 — 21-13.
P T*lo uj'xJ H. lij'.coulllat defeated M. Ber
! win and P. Basch. Score: 21—13, IS— 2l. 21—20.
P Ryan and L. ''orralne defeated M. M.
Nell and W. Marrlon. Score: 21—19, 14—21,
i 21—16.
M. Basch and P. Ryan defeated J. Hosan
1 and W. Manlon, Score: 21—13, 15—21, 21—19.
P. Kelly and J. Hosan defeated J. Condon
I and P. Johnson. Score: 21—14. 15—21. 21—17.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated M.
J. KJljrallon and R. Llnehan. Score. 21—17,
15—21. 21—18.
V.'. Carroll s.nd D. O'Brien defeated J. Mo-
Dermott and W. McFarland. Score: 21—19,
14—21. 21—
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated M.
J. Kllgallon and R. Llnehan, Score: 21—19,
16—21, 21—15.
The Dogs Ran Well.
L.OS ANGELES, Aug. 14.— spite of
the unusual heat, there was a large crowd
| out to witness the coursing at Agricul
j tural Park to-day, and the dogs ran well.
In the run-ofTs May Day beat Sage a bye;
! Orpheum Lacs beat Little Brown; Hard Luck
I beat Juanlta; Lady Fred beat ABC; Van
Brulle beat Don Orslni; Orpheum Prince beat
Lady Apnes; Doncaster beat Olympla; Amor
ita beat B B and D a bye; Fleetfoot beat Kitty
Scott: Mermaid beat Snooze; Uncle Sam beat
Melody; The Ghost beat Hollo; Torpedo beat
Benerlno; Sir Jasper beat Romeo; Grazer beat
Reliance.
In the first ties Orpheum Lass beat May
Day; Hard Luck beat Lady Fred; Van Brulle
beat Orpheum Prince; Doncaster beat Amor
lta; Mermaid beat Fleetfoot; Uncle Sam beat
Ormonde; The Ghoet beat Sir Jasper; Grazer
beat Torpedo.
In the second ties Orpheum Lass beat Hard
Luck; Donoaster beat Van Brulle; Mermaid'
beat Uncle Sam; Grazer beat The Ghost.
In the third ties Orpheum Lass beat Don
caster: Mermaid beat Grazer.
In the finals Mermaid beat Orpheum Lass,
with Orpheum Lass second, Doncaster third.
Assaulted a Woman.
Thomas I^aveile, a boiler-maker, as
saulted Jennie McMonomy last night on
Third street, near Minna, knocking out
three of her teeth. He was arrested and
booked on a charge of battery. Lavelle
and Miss McMenomy were constant com
panions, and Jealousy is supposed to have
be<'n the moving cause of this assault
upon her.
Scavengers Elect Officers.
The Scavengers' Protective Union, a po
litical club, elected the following officers
at their last meeting: F. Zevlo, president;
j G. Perata. first vice-president; P. De
niartlni, second vice-president; O. Ertola,
secretary'; G. Devincenzi, treasurer; B.
Giambruno, sergeant at arms.
!For a New Church.
A concert will be held in Corpus Chrlati
Hall, 60 Coke street, next Thursday even
ing. A fine Instrumental and vocal pro
gramme has been prepared by the pastor,
Rev Father Cassine, and the organist.
Miss Mary Rodgers. The proceeds will be
devoted to the new church fund.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
will be feJt goes without saying when it
becomes known that at this time Its mem
bership la over 1900 and that there is every
assurance that this number will be in
creased before the time for action arrives.
It is the ambition of its officers and
members to place the league at the very
head and front of the social Republican
clubs of San Francisco. It was brought
into existence solely in the interests of
the Republican party, and its past and
present success is due to its strict ad
herence to the first determination to keep
fcree from all factional questions and en
tanglements.
THE FRISCOS
PLAY POORLY
Oaklands Win by Supe
rior Playing.
WOEFUL LACK OF PRACTICE
GOOD ANT> BAD BALL COMES
IN STREAKS.
The Game Interesting at Times but
the Poor Showing of the Friscos
Was Disappointing to the
Audience.
By Joe Corbctt.
Yesterday's game at Recreation Park
demonstrated beyond doubt that It Is im
poßsible to size up a ball team. Last
Sunday the San Franciscos played an ex
cellent game, and left the impression that
from then on they would cut quite a
figure in the championship race. Yester
day these hopes were dissipated, fur they
played inferior ball.
It all comes from lack of practice, and
I have touched on this point bo often that
it has become aj "chestnut" even with
me.
There 1b no use talking, and thereseems
to be no use of criticizing the team, for It
ever plays the same.
To-day it does well, to-morrow It plays
poorly, and so it has been all the season.
The material is there, and if compelled to
practice it would do well, but what Is the
use of wasting- words?
Yesterday they were defeated by tn»
Oaklands. the score standing at the end
of the same 7 to 3.
It was an lnU-restlng game at times,
but the poor sunport accorded Shea, who
was doing excellent work, easily marred
the beauty of the contest.
The Oaklands, In fact, outplayed and
outbattfd their opponents despite the
rather ragged umpiring of Sweeney on
balls and strikes, and In consequence
easily won the game. The score follows:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith. 3 b & 1. t.... 2 10 0 0 12
H. Krug, 8. 8 4 0 0 0 4 2 1
Murphy, 1 b 4 0 2 0 7 2 0
K. Krup, 2 b 4 2 1 0 t 1 2
Monahan. 1. f. &3 b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Hammond, c 4 0 2 0 9 0 0
Dunleavy, c. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Croll. r. f 3 0 0 0 110
Shea, p 4 0 10 13 0
Totals 32 3 6 0 26 . 12 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, o. t 6 1 2 1 0 0 0
O'Nell, 2 b 6 110 10 1
Lansre. 3 b 5 2 1112 0
Sullivan, c 5 0 10 3 3 1
Hardlo. r. i 5 110 110
BliH, 1 b 4 0 1 0 13 0 0
Schmecr, s. ? 3 0 0 0 6 4 1
Mosklman, 1. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Russell, p 2 2 0 0 0 2 0
Total* 88 7 8 2 27 18 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 1 0 0 2 10 11 o—7
Base hits 2 0 0 12 0 12 o—B
San Francisco.. 1 0 0 0 0 10 1 o—3
Base hits... 1 10 10 10 2 o—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible tor — Russell, Shea. Two
base hits— Lange, K. Kruar, Sullivan. Base on
errors — Ran Francisco 2, Oakland 5. Base on
balls — San Francisco 4, Oakland 1. Left on
bases— San Francisco 6, Oakland 7. Struck
out— By Rus«;>ll 3, by Shea 8. Hit by pitcher—
Russell 2. Double — O'Nell to Schmeer to
Bliss; K. Krug to Murph? to H. Krug. Passed
ball— Sullivan. Umpire — Charles Sweeney.
■ ■ .
■WATSONVTLLE VS. ATHLETICS.
Sugar Beets Play TheJr First State
League Game.
WATSONVIL.LE, Aug. 14.— 1n the pres
©nqp of 2000 people the Watsonville Club
made Its first appearance on the diamond
here to-<3ay as a member of the State
League. Their opponents were the hard
hitting Athletics of San Francisco. Pre
vious to the commencement of the game
the Watsonville band escorted both clubs
from the hotel to the baseball park. At
the head of the two clubs, in a carriage,
were President Eugene Bert of the State
League, accompanied by his wife, and
league officials. The Watsonville Club
make 9 its initial appearance in a State
League under favorable ciTcumstances.
For many years she has maintained me
best amateur nine in the State. Now
that sh« is Ui the league she Intends to
maintain and support one of the
best clubs, ln said league. Financial as
sistance is more than plentiful and every
person has the craze badly. Santa Cruz
County, the smallest county in the State,
now has two good clubs in the big league.
President Bert said to-day that the large
audience present at the game was
the most pleasant and courteous he had
seen anywhere in the State. The gate
receipts were $210, and this is not unusual
here. On arrival at the park the two
clubs put up good practice work for half
an hour. The Athletics went to the bat
first and McGlaughlin was the only one
to cross the plate. Neither side scored
ag-ain until the last half of the sixth,
when Franks of the "Watsonvilles made a
long drive, which brought A. Struve in
from second. At the end of the ninth
inning the game was a tie. All through
thtso innings each nine had put up gut
Its members are young business men,
who are not politicians in the general ac
ceptance of the term, but whose sole in
terest is the welfare of the Republican
party. They are not candidates, nor are
any aspiring for political office, the ( r aim
being tne good of the party and to secure*
clean politics.
That the leaguo is true to its colors
and thoroughly alive may be inferred
from the fact that it was the first and
only Republican club to indorse and issue
to its members in the last campaign a
complete Republican ticket, and it was
one of the first to indorse the Hon. Wil
liam McKinley for President. Ever since
its organization the league has been on
edged ball, particularly Donlin of the
Watson who, as usual, covered lots
of territory in an admirable manner. The
"babies" of the league, without having
much practice and less than a week's
notice of their membership in the
State League, successfully demonstrated
to their opponents that the "Sugar
Beets" are warm members. In the first
half of the tenth inning, with one of the
Athletics out and two on second ana
third bases, "Sunburst" Kelly of the
Watsonvllles fielded a ball and threw It
to Catcher Struve to put out Riley. who
was running in from third, but instead of
• going In Struvc's hands it passed about
three feet over his head. Riley scored
and was Immediately followed i by Stultz.
In the last half of the tenth the Watson
vines made a gallant effort to score, but in
vain. Score:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne. 1 b.. 5 0 0 0 II 0 2
Riley. 2 b 5 1 1 0 2 2 1
Mrr.lauKhlln. 3 b... 4 1 0 0 1 3 0
z - c s - f s I I I I SoS o
£&.%?:::::::::::: t • « • 5 /? j
Hllderbrand, r. 1.... 4 0 IX2I 0
patrick,".p:::::::j 0 0 0 0 0 _o
FuLpatrtek. p _* 111 - -
Total 39 3 3 2 30 21 C
"WATSOKTVII..T..E. -
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kelly, > b 6 0 0 0 6 4 2
Devlin, p * 0 1 0 2 11 1
A. Struve. 1 b 3 1 1 0 12 1 1
Franks. 3 b 4 0 112 3 1
Fritz, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
E. Struve. c 4 0 0 0 6 10
Hayes, c. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Gilbert, s. s 3 0 0 0 1 3 3
Palrntag. 1. t 4 0 0 a 2. — —
Total 35 1 8 1 80 23 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
TTatßonvlllea 0 00001000 o—l
Athletics 1 00000000 2-3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Watsonvilles 1. Athletics 2.
Double Gilbert to Kelly to A. Struve;
Stultz to Riley. Base on called balls—
BonvlUea 1. Athletics 1. Hit by pitched ball—
Watsonvllles 1. Athletics 1. Struck out—
Devlin 5, by Peters 7. Passed balls—Watson
vllles 1, Athletics 1. Time of game— hour
and 38 minutes. Umpire— Scorer—
Peckham.
SAND CRABS WORSTED.
The Gilt Edges Down Them by a
Score of 8 to 1.
SACRAMENTO, Aup. 14.— 8y heavy hnt
tinj? and bunrhlnp of hits when hits meant
runs, the Gilt Edpes to-day defeated the
Santa Cruz ball team by a score of 8 to 1.
The feature* <>f the game were three
double plays, two by Lochhead to Hutch-
Inson to Shanahan, and one by Ed Dau
benbls to Arrolanes to. Fitzgerald. Har
vey, who went Into the box for the locals,
strained his back In the seventh inning
and whs replaced by Doyle, who was very
effective. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pppples. 3 b 5 0 3 1 2 4 1
Hufhlnson. 2 b 5 0 10 3 3 1
l>oyle. p. and r. t... Z 0 0 0 0 2 0
Stanley, c 2 1115 0 0
Ixichhrad, 8. s 4 1 1 0 1 S 0
Walker, c. f 5 10 0 10 0
Phunnhan. 1 b 4 3 2 0 13 0 0
Borland, i. t 4 2 2 110 0
Harvey, p 10 0 0 0 11
Dennle, r. f 0 10 0 10 0
Totals 33 8 10 8 27 IS 1
AD v" EB^ISEMENTS.
-o—o—o—o— o—o— o—o—o—o—o—o- o—o—o— ©— o— ©— o— o— 0-o— o-o— o-
§An Honest Offer
To Weak Men.
To Men Who Suffer From the Effects
R of Past Mistakes— Whose Vitality Is
Gradually Wasting— Those Par-
ticularly Who Have Dragged in Vain*
— This Is a Fair Offer.
I have nothing to give nobody gives value for nothing — but f
want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Belt, known and praised
in every hamlet in the land, does ewe and has cured in thousands of cases
this weakening drain upon young men. There have been published in my
book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000 voluntary state-
ments from men who told of their cures of this wasting weakness by my
Belt OVER 5000.
I Will Pay $1000 in Gold
To the man or woman who will disprove one of these 5000 and odd test?,
monials. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each man
on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for truth.
It Is an Electric Life-Giver.
This wonderful Belt of mine pours energy into the weakened part*
during the night, while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and
muscles and restoring th» old vrgor, the snap and power of man.
READ THE BOOK, "TH REE CLASSES OF MEN."
. It is free, sealed, by mail, ;■ iX is full of these grateful letters. Send or
call for it Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * hot in drug stores.
702 Elarkrt Street, Ccraer Ke»rn 6»n r»n«iseo.
Office' hours, 8 a. M. to I P.M.: Sundays, , Dr - Sand l!J'', n E^l lo .to,j"
10 to 1. Branche. at Los Angeles, C*l.. • 2«itli *■ never BOl ,^L A™',."^
South Broadway: Portland, Or.. 263 Washla*- nor by traveling *fenU; o*ly
ton street; Denver. Col.. 9SI Sixteenth str««(; « cur office.. , ; : . i-.
ballaa. Tex.. 285 Main «tr«.t. » : — ; : If
record as opposing the present Federal
civil service sytem as detrimental to the
success of the Republican party.
The officers of the league, elected at
the last annual election, are: Frank K.
Spencer, president; Harold D. Mitchell,
first vice president; Arthur M. Currie,
second vice' president; Charles K. Hols
man, M.D., secretary; John L. L.>unlbos,
treasurer; Ed C. McCullough, chairman
Ed. committee; Walter E. Kemp, ser
geant-at-arms.
The officers s.nd committeees of the
league are preparing to establish head
quarters In the center of the business por
tion of the city, where the work of gen
eral organization will be continued.
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Melntyre, a t 4 0 0 0 10 0
i Williams, s« 4 0 0 0 S 6 1
Devereaux. 3 b 4 0 1 0 1 2 0
! Streib. 1. f 2 0 0 0 4 0 0
Fitzgerald. 1 b 3 0 0 0 7 2 0
jC. Daubenbfa, c 4 0 0 0 fi 1 0
; Arrelanes, 2 b 2 1 1 1 6 4 0
] McGrath, r. f 3 0 1 1 1 1 0
, E. Daubenbls, p 4 0 1 0 2 2 0
: Balsa, l. 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 1 4 2 27 IS 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 2 0 1 0 0 5 0 o—B
Base Hits 2 1 0 2 1 0 3 0 I—lo
| Santa Cruz 0 00000010—1
t Baae Hits 0 0100002 I—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Doyle, 1: Daubenbls, 7.
Two-base hits— Arrolones, Shanahan. Sacrifice
hits— Doyle, Harvey, Peeples, Lochhead. First
base on errors— Sacramento, 1; Santa Cruz, 2.
First on balls— Off Harvey. 3; Doyle, 1; Dau
! benhis, 8. IWt on bases — Sacramento, 8; Santa
Cms, 7. Struck out— By Harvey, 2; Doyle. 2;
Daubenbis, 1. Hit »>y pitc her— Shanahan. Dou
ble plays — L.ochhead to Hutchlnson to Shana
! han; Peeples to Hutchlnaon to Shanahan: Wil
! Hams to Arrelanes to Fitzgerald. Passed T>all
— Daubenhis Wild pitch— Doyle. Time. 1:60.
Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer— G. A. Orlffln.
The Tail-Enders Defeated.
STOCKTON, Aug. \i.— b .ckton's tail
enders met with another defeat today on
the local diamond. San Jose put It on
them by a score of 3 to 1. The score was:
SAN JOSE.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley, I. f 3 0 10 2 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
McGucken, o. f 8 1 1 1 a 0 1
Eajran. 2 b 4 0 1 0 2 3 1
i Foley, r. f 4 0 10 110
V \irthy, 8 b 8 0 0 0 5 10
Urockhoff, s. ■ 3 2 1 0 1 6 0
Kent, c S 0 1 0 4 1 0
Iberg, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total* 30 3 8 1 27 12 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. 88. PO. A. E.
Selna, 1 b 5 0 0 0 12 0 0
Botchers, p 5 0 10 2 2 0
Winners, c 3 110 6 3 2
N. Smith, 2 b 4 0 10 14 0
Rice. c. I 3 0 10 111
Knell, r. f 3 0 10 10 1
i Muller. 1. f 4 0 J 0 0 0 0
I Starker, s. s 4 0 1 0 0 0 t
M. White, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 12
Totals 35 1 8 0 24 11 ~8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Pan Jose 1 10 0 0 0 10 •— 3
Base hits 2 2 0 0 0 10 1 •— 6
Stockton 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits 1 112 2 0 0 0 I—B
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Borehers. Three-base hit —
Muller. Double plays — Rice to Billings; Hanlen
and Iberg. Left on bases — Stockton 10, San
Jose 4. liases on balls— Off Borchers 2, Iberg
2. Struck out— By Horehers 5. by Iberg 2.
Wild pitches— Borehers 2. Passed balls—Bil
lings 2. Umpire — D. Creamer. Scorer — A. H.
Harlln. Time of game — One hour and 51 min
utes.
The San Bafaels Won.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 14.— The local base
ball team defeated tho Clevelands of San
Francisco to-day In a one-sided game by
a score of 15 to 3.
Victorious Oletas.
The Oletas yesterday defeated the Es
trollns by a score of 11 to 10, and bested
the Berkeley colts by a score of 11 to 2.
They would like to meet some good coun
try clubs.
I Here are two of our \
*■'- ■ ' ' . . I
| r^ surprises!
I ■ wf for you, J
| sfsp[T\ Careful i
: / ll'l l\ \ Buyers! ♦
W /B . \/ \ ♦
+ / I 'I 1 )/ A Stylish, high-grade, per- J
X^l^/^L B is \ ect^ tailored cassimere, >
* I •^w\" I j ln\}f~*~ I * anc^ c^ eY^ ots an^ wor " >
1 1 j^il\^ill/L^ I sted suits in the latest *
£ V//^^lraWr\ / colorin^ made as well >
xL^ii 11 il .tek. / as suits can be made - 1
£ iSfifMl ' 11 S ir Color and shape will hold *
I /////////{ UIS « as lon £ as clotll lasts - +
♦ W\jl M \l\\m If you would pay $15.00, ♦
•If I/Illt ii '« ?17i0 or $ 20 - 00 for *
t // liillmf^ 11 1 i \Wm these sn^ on wou^ et ■♦■
t I IEIIM ill ij§2 full value — but we're J
£ |||/I//^f |i| WB making a much lower
* I price— only
I 111 I ' $9.95. j
t I !if ' H i ll'l ' *£%*%*%#**£%#**** 4
I Ifl Si lS In the single garment line X
"** SI IS iff we °^ er a rand ' eat -*■
*• 1I m l IV big; surprise, viz.: $4.00 >
£ 11 ll lii and $4.50 trousers for x
!1] I $2.45. j
X /Hli3 \?^ Seasonable, handsome new +
G£2<^r9'ic* As^) patterned striped worsted *
J . " ' goods and guaranteed to -\
X ■ fit 1
jSN.WOOD&COj
♦ 718 Market Street, S. F. . ♦
SX/\XE7VYIBINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 811 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $415,353 75
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,105,675 31
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,242,546 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 150,000 00
Cash In company's office 23,136 32
Cash In banks 293,134 09
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 10,726 07
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 816,377 60
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance 491,994 42
Total assets $5,098,964 29
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses In process of adjustment or I
In suspense V $638,316 07
Losses resisted. Including ex- I
penses •
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less; reinsurance*
60 per cent 1,550,173 13
Gross premiums on flre ricks run-
ning more than one year; rein-
surance pro rata 259.503 54
Cosh dividends remaining unpaid... 1,125 00
All other demands against the com- '
pany 219,531 96
Total i:abi!itle» $2,559,949 69
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $3,560,675 88
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 48.26122
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 96.668 88
Received for rents 20.368 77
Received from all other sources 31.847 14
Total Income $3,755,32139
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $516, 581 57, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,276,907 22
Dividends to stockholders 375,000 CO
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 706,11144
Paid for salaries, fees and other
ohargps for offlcrs, clerks, etc 235,128 46
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 61.569 13
All other payments and expendi-
tures 165.560 19
Total expenditures $3,523,576 44
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $2,276,907 22
EMIL F. MIETHKE, Vice- President.
RUDOLF BERNDT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of March, 189 R.
HENRY N. DEIDERICH.
United States Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK,
Managers Pacific Coast Department,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
«AN FRANCISCO, CAI* ,
United States Branch.
SX/\XE7V\EINX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
North German Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY. ON THE SIST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section!
CIO and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $74,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 404.410 09
Cash in company's office 1.463 65
Cash in banks 118,413 53
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 4,400 07
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 874 67
Premiums In due course of collection. 194,879 18
Total assets 8786.941 M
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,111 31
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense •-. 87,48* 43
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 8,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $392,791 77; reinsur-
ance 60 per cent 196,395 M
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, '$189,652 54; rein-
surance pro rata .: 109,048 41
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1.4M51
All other demands against the com-
pany • 98,83307
Total liabilities $449,303 Tt
INCOME.
Net cash actually received * for flre
premiums • $439,588 98
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 1,713 03
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans and from all
other sources 16,199 00
1 Received for remittance from home
office 10,000 00
Total Income $468,501 00
EXPENDITURES. "~"
Net amount paid for flre losses (in-
cluding $27,713 53 losses of previous
years) $207,61«
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 131,129 68
Paid for salaries, ■ fees - and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 6, 110 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 2.595 07
All other payments and expenditures. 13,340 83
Total expenditures .;. $359,792 42
. . - Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $222.966 58
Risks and Premiums. {Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $43,658,877 $«65.715 81
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 41,833.075 668.740 70
Net amount In force De- „«-..._.■
cember 31. 1597 ........ 44,113.656 682,444 31
ADOLPH LOEB, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn ■to before me this 21st
day of March. 1593. MARK A. FOOTE,
Commissioner for California in Chicago.
WALTER SPEYER,
225 Sansome Street, S.F.,
General Agent for the Pacific Coast.
84
MONDAY AUGUST 15, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communjcations to W, S. LEAKE, Manager^
Publication office Market and Third su^ s. p.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone J'aln lS7i.
TOE SAN FRANCISCcTcALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In this city and surroundlog towm
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montfc
65 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CALL O"« y«««". by mall. %\.s»
OAKLAND OFFICE j«j 906 Broadway
•JEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, Worfd Build)**
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington ;d. o office Ri*ft« Ho***
C. C. CAR I- TON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative*
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.- 106 Eleventh
Street, open unti. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, ope*
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second on*
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Trilby."
Alcazar— "Faust .
Worcsco'B- Work and Waco* "
Tlvoil — -Lohengrin-"
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Suspended Animation— Corner Market and Larkln streets,
Olympian—Corner Mason and Kddy 6treeta, Specialties.
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville. Opening
Saturday. September 3. -.-;-■ y
Native Sons" Hall— Entertainment Tuesday evening;,
tutro's Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, danclne.boatlnjr. flshln*. every Sunday.
State Fair Sacramento, September 6.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— This cay. August 15, Real Estate, at
14 Montgomery street, at 12 o clock.
WE ORE fIVERfIGING UP WELL.
THE close of the war with Spain again changes
conditions, but hardly back to where they were
before the war. In fact, they probably never will
get back there. Heretofore the United States has
been a nation aside; henceforth it will be one of the
world's group, with universal, not sectional interests,
and with a greatly broadened field of commercial ac
tivity. From this time the attention of the country
will be more or less diverted from the monotonous
fostering of local trade to the expansion and exploita
tion of a vast and continually increasing ioreign com
merce with transmarine countries. Cuba, Porto Rico
and the Philippines will be opened up to our goods
as never before, and new industries must be created
to fill these new conditions. Unless all signs fail the
United States is on the eve of remarkable commercial
expansion.
Wall street sees this, and with its traditional
shrewdness is already discounting it by resuming the
purchase of railway and other shares. The public,
which has held aloof so long, is now reappearing in
the street and taking hold. The granger stocks have
been the favorites, owing to the fine crop prospects,
which indicate large railway earnings this fall. Gov
ernment and railway bonds continue active, with a
tendency toward firmer prices. The bank clearings
do not show any particular activity in general trade,
the gain last week being 5.8 per cent over last year.
On the other hand, the smallness of failures indi
cates that business is on a safe and conservative
footing, those for the week being 157, against 214 for
the same week in 1897 and 258 in 1896.
In the extreme East there are decided indications
of an increase in business. The foreign demand for
wheat and corn is better, in spite of a small advance
in the former cereal. The iron trade, both East and
West, showed a marked improvement during the
week, with increasing activity all along the line. Cot
ton has advanced, the inquiry for woolen goods is
decidedly better, and all textile works report more
motion. The fluctuations in general merchandise are
generally toward higher prices and include advances
in oats, lard, beef, coffee, lead, rubber, copper and
cotton, besides thai in wheat already mentioned.
There have been no depreciations worthy of note.
The money markets all over the country are reported
in good condition, with an abundance of funds and
all the gold coin the country can stagger under, with
lots more to flow in from Europe during the coming
fall. No reckless speculation is visible anywhere, and
the commercial reports unite in saying that rarely has
the financial horizon been as cloudless as at present.
All this is general. It is an aggregation of con
ditions, a common average throughout the country.
Individually speaking, trade is almost featureless.
There is no boom in anything, and no single line ex
hibits any especial activity. It is what is called in the
jargon of commerce "a percentage basis." The Unit
ed States is now running along on the lines of the
ordinary merchant, who falls behind on some goods
and rtins ahead on others, but is averaging up a good
percentage of profit on the whole proposition. This
is a healthy state of trade, and is the best and safest
to win on.
Here in California the conditions are practically
the same as elsewhere. Regarded as a whole the
trade situation is without especial feature, but the
aggregated lines are averaging up well. During the
past week there have been no marked depreciations
in anything except two or three lines of canning fruit,
and this happens every year at this time and lasts only
a week or so. or during the brief period when all the
fruit in the State seems to be ripening at once. An
almost unprecedented hot wave rested over the State
for some days, but although the thermometer ranged
from ioo to 115 and even higher in the interior val
leys no serious damage to fruit or anything else was
reported. As far as the leading items of produce are
concerned; wheat shows a small gain for the week;
the other cereals are dull and not materially changed,
hides are quoted rather steadier, dried fruits arc stiff
and wanted for Eastern account, provisions are more
active owing to large Government orders for cured
meats; wool is quiet and hops are dull: butter, cheese
and eggs are higher; fresh fruit is still selling at good
prices in spite of the temporary congestion already
noted, and the only thing to show any marked weak
ness is the American hog, which has persistently de
clined in price for a fortnight and is utterly devoid
of backbone at the close.
These few points pretty well cover the trade situa
tion at the moment. Everybody is looking forward
to a good fall trade, and there is nothing in sight to
indicate anything else.
Colorado gentlemen in quest of Senator Wolcott's
seat should bear in mind that it was held at a pretty
stiff figure when the incumbent took it, and
that times are hard.
Be sure and register to-day^
THE FARCE OF THE WEEK-
WHILE the peace negotiations between the
United States and Spain will constitute the
serious business of the drama of the week, and
rumors of war between Great Britain and Russia will
furnish the gloom and intensity of menacing tragedy,
the gathering of the Democratic clans, tribes and
factions at Sacramento will provide an entertaining
farce for those who like hilarity and do not object to
noise.
Although the gathering is to be made up of Demo
crats it is not certain whether the assembly will turn
out to be a Democratic convention or a Populist rati
fication meeting. The issue is not one of importance,
and the result either way will not seriously affect the
commonwealth or the changes of the moon, but the
proceedings will nevertheless be worth watching.
When the Populists set their Maguire trap for the
Democrats they baited it with the office of State
Treasurer. Everything else they took for themselves,
but they left that position with its control of the State
money as a temptation for those they were after. It
is now to be seen whether the crowd at Sacramento
will grab for the treasury and be content or will set
up a full ticket and demand everything in sight.
It is not likely there will be much of a fight, though
there will surely be plenty of noise. The racket of the
cats in Mr. Foote's back yard which has so disturbed
him of late will be as nothing to the racket which will
be raised at Sacramento; and Billy will doubtless wear
a deeper scowl this week than Henry did when it
was announced to him last week that he is morally
and probably legally responsible for some 400 cats
on Green street.
There is a breed of apes known as the "howlers,"
from whom Democrats differ only by slight degrees
of development, the process of evolution having not
yet gone far enough to wholly separate the primeval
relations between them. The howlers, according to
the Encyclopedia Britannica, are the most bulky of
American apes, and are those whose muzzles are most
projecting. They are stupid animals, but have a won
derful power of voice. Some of the species, it is
added, are brilliantly streaked with red and yellow.
It is in habit rather than in outward form and
show, however, that the relation of howlers to Demo
crats is most clearly seen. In each tribe of the species
there is always a leader. Whenever he howls all the
others hasten to gather around him, and each one
grabbing another's tail begins to howl also, so that
in a short time after the leader has given the signal
the chorus beats a cat chorus out of hearing.
The grabbing of tails has of course a good deal to
do with the raising of the chorus. It is not a formal
ceremony merely. It will be readily understood that
if a tail be rightly twisted the accompanying howl
will be much increased in tension. At Sacramento,
for example, if some Foote or Harney howler be
in position to catch the Maguire fellow by the tail
about the time he is going to raise his voice, it may
be accounted as certain the resulting screech will
raise the keynote of the campaign so high the Iro
quois Club will have to climb over one another to get
half way up, and the Examiner won't be able to reach
it even with a siren.
Altogether there is going to be fan at Sacramento,
with noise enough to take the edge off the rumors
of war in the Orient. Read The Call and 'get the
news of all the proceedings.
MfIGUIRE OND THE FUNDING BILL.
WHILE Maguire's cunning or luck has enabled
him to be successful thus far in the manipula
tion of men and the pulling of political wires,
he has been singularly unfortunate in his efforts to
formulate an issue on which to go before the people
as a candidate for Governor. His party leaders have
withdrawn the silver plank from the campaign, and
he for reasons of his own has pitched into the rub
bish pile his single tax programme.
Being thus in danger of appearing before the public
as a candidate of two parties with no platform, ho
made an earnest effort in his speech in this city to
frame some kind of a structure to stand on. He se
lected the funding bill as an issue, struck a stately
attitude on the subject and proceeded to declare that
he would have succeeded in defeating the iniquitous
measure had it not been for the betrayal of the peo
ple's cause by the Republican Congressmen from
California.
Maguire's pose as he told of his fight for the inter
ests of California against the octopus was like that
of Falstaff when he told of his fight at half swords
for an hour with twelve men in buckram. It required
only a very plain tale to put down the boastful Fal
staff. and a story equally simple destroys the boasting
and the vaunting of Maguire. Congressman Barham
told the story of the passage of the funding bill in
The Call yesterday, and it causes Maguire's intended
campaign thunder to fizzle out like a broken fire
cracker.
It will be remembered that Maguire in his desper
ate effort to make capital for himself out of the fund
ing bill had charged that Barham was largely respon
sible for its passage. Barham refuted the statement
by quoting the account given in the Congressional
Record of the proceedings relating to the measure.
As the bill came from the Senate it was objectionable
to Mr. Barham and other Republicans, notwithstand
ing it had received the sanction of Senator Morgan,
who has long held the position of leader in the fight
against the railroad. Mr. Barham proposed an
amendment declaring that nothing in the act should
waive or release any right, lien or cause of action al
ready held by the United States. The amendment
was submitted to Maguire, who suggested the in
sertion of the word "right," wliich is found therein.
When the question of adoptingthe proposedamend
ment came up in the House it was then possible for
Maguire to have defeated the bill had he chosen.
He was present, but he made no objection. Mr. Bar
ham therefore very pertinently says:
"Mr. Maguire knew perfectly well that unless
my amendment was consented to I would vote
against the bill, and there were at least twenty other
Republicans who would also have voted against the
bill, and it would have been defeated. He will prob
ably explain why he did not say 'I object,' and kill
my amendment and thus defeat the whole bill."
This exposure of Maguire's double dealing on the
funding bill deprives the demagogue of any possi
bility of making a winning fight on that issue. The
fact that after remaining silent and permitting the
bill to pass he now comes home and .endeavors to
make glory for himself by slandering his colleagues
in Congress will add to the shnmelessness of his rec
ord. The words which from his mouth might have
defeated the bill, but which, for reasons of his own.
he refrained from speaking, will now be a common
cry in the campaign. Wherever his candidacy is put
forward among men who believe in straightforward
politics and are opposed to demagogues, there will
arise a universal cry "I object."
It is not yet too late to punish those who starved
our soldier boys on the transport ships.
Call no man a good citizen until you have found
out whether he ,has registered or not. ■ '
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
DO NOT FORGET TO REGISTER .
T~\ EGISTRATION closes to-day. For the bene
t—S fit and convenience of the large number of
persons who have not yet registered the books
will be kept open until midnight. Up to the last min
ute of the time allowed by law an opportunity will
be afforded for citizens to secure themselves in the
privilege of voting at the coming election.
For causes hard to understand there has been
something like an apathy among a large number of
people with regard to politics this year. The regis
tration has been slow and the number registered is
far below the full vote of the city. There is nothing
in the situation to justify this indifference to public
duties. The issues of the campaign are not so ex
citing as those involved in the Presidential struggle
of two years ago, but they are sufficiently important
to arouse the minds of earnest men. Moreover, they
affect to a greater or less extent the welfare of every
citizen. Certain it is that when the campaign begins
in earnest and the full scope of the issues at stake is
made plain all who have now in their indifference
neglected to register will regret it.
If we are to have good politics and good adminis
trations in the city and State, good citizens must
register. As a matter of fact no matter how good a
man may be socially or in business he can hardly be
accounted a good citizen if he neglects his political
duties. The "push" and the "pull" will be registered
to the last man. The bosses will have their full force
at the polls. What are the good citizens going to do
about it?
It costs nothing to register. It imposes little or no
inconvenience. It interferes with no man's business.
All should attend to it. Each should assure himself
in the right of an American citizen to cast a vote for
those whom he desires to represent him in the gov
ernment of the city, the State and the nation.
STUDIES OF ThjE FUTURE.
AMONG the articles relating to war issues in the
magazines and reviews for the month the two
most notable are: "The Spanish War and the
Equilibrium of the World," by Brooks Adams in the
Forum, and "Distant Possessions — The Parting of
the ways," by Andrew Carnegie in the North Ameri
can Review. The conclusions of the two are
diametrically opposed, and the methods of reasoning
are widely diverse. Both, however, give expression
to the sincere thoughts of able men, and are deserv
ing of much more consideration than is usually given
to the fleeting literature of monthly publications.
Mr. Adams declares there are now dominating the
world two great forces whose impulses have started
movements that may be interfered with to some ex
tent, but cannot be checked or turned aside by states
men. One of these is causing a steady drift of com
mercial and industrial empire westward. The other
is forcing the peoples of the world into ever larger
combinations. As a result of the first the United
States will find itself eventually the center of the busi
ness of the globe and intimately concerned in the
afi'airs of all nations. As a result of the second there
will be some form of coalition between the British
and the Americans made necessary to resist the pow
erful combinations now building up in Continental
Europe.
Arguing from these propositions Mr. Adams
strongly urges the annexation of the Philippines at
this time, in order that we may have a point from
which to protect our growing commercial interests in
the Orient, and he also advocates an Anglo-Saxon
coalition. Should such an alliance be brought about.
hr says: "Probably human society would then be
absolutely dominated by a vast combination of peo
ples whose right wing would rest upon the British
isles, whose left would overhang the middle provinces
of China, whose center would approach the Pacific,
and who would encompass the Indian Ocean as
though it were a lake, much as the Romans en
compassed the Mediterranean."
Against the conclusions of this growing prophecy
of the future Mr. Carnegie sets the reasoning of a
practical man of business dealing with the problem
from the standpoint of American interests as they
exist to-day. He points out that Europe is at this
time an armed camp, not because the home terri
tory of any nation is threatened with invasion, but
because of aggressions made by all in Africa and in
Asia. If we annex the Philippines or enter into any
sort of coalition with Great Britain we will involve
the republic in wars, the end of which no man can
foresee, and the results of which certainly will not
tend to the maintenance of our republican form of
K< vornment and our democratic institutions.
Moreover, Mr. Carnegie points out that distant
possessions are a source of weakness rather than of
strength even to Great Britain. We, with our vast
and rich territory at home, have nothing to gain by
them, but much to lose by reason of the cost of gov
erning and defending them. We have a continent to
populate and develop. Within the limits of our con
tinental domain we are safe from foreign attack, and
while we retain that position we can play a com
manding part in the world without seeking the alli
ance of any other power.
When the excitement of the war is over the people
like Mr. Adams, who are now so eager for a coalition
with Great Britain and the entrance of this country
into the scramble for possessions in the Orient, will
have a chance to take a second thought of the issue.
When they do the more intelligent among them will
surely perceive the wisdom of the reasoning of Mr.
Carnegie, Judged from the standpoint of American
interests, the true policy of the nation to-day is the
same as it has been in the past, to preserve our se
curity on this hemisphere safe from any danger of
complications that may involve us in European strife
and war.
This is the last day for registration, but remember
the opportunity will not close until midnight, and so
long as the lamp holds out to burn the vilest sinner
may return and save his franchise.
If reports of how our boys were treated on the way
to Manila are true there should be numerous enforced
vacancies among the commissioned officers of the
various regiments involved.
There is to be a real live Lord Mayor in New York
soon, but a little later there is to be one in San Fran
cisco. The effete East shall never be permitted to
beat us.
Murderer Cheesman of Oakland pretends to glory
in the prospect of being hanged, but this will be
found another instance of distance lending enchant
ment.
With the treasury full of money and the army full
of men longing for a chance to right we are more
unprepared for peace just now than we were for war.
Maguire's record on the funding bill vote gives
every citizen a right to meet his claims in the coming
campaign with a prompt "I object."
"""Assassin Clark of Napa will go to the scaffold, and
there can be no doubt that this is the best place] for
hiiai
"WHISPERING" GAVIN'S DELEGATES.
Motley Crowd of Office Seekers and "Push" Politicians Appointed to Rep
resent San Francisco Democrats.
Now that the McNab-Gould-Alford
Committee of One Hundred has com
pleted its self-appointed task of ap
pointing delegates to represent the
wishes of 30,000 Democratic voters of
this city at the State convention, it
may be of interest to these same
voters to know who the men are who
have been delegated with the power
to give voice to the popular will— of the
bosses. Not because the knowledge can
in any way change the fact that the
delegates were appointed without the
consent or approval of the voters, but
because it may be interesting in the
same way that it might be interesting
for a condemned man to know the
name and personal characteristics of
the hangman to whom has been dele
gated the task of ushering him into an
other world.
The list of delegates comprises 154
names, all of them selected without
reference to the wishes of the voters
whom they are to represent. It is not
necessary to go over the entire list, as
many of the names and many of the
men are familiar to a majority of the
residents of San Francisco. They need
no introduction, therefore, as their po
litical history is well, if not favorably,
known. There are others, comprising
over two-thirds of the entire number,
whose names are given herewith for
the purpose of allowing the reading
public an opportunity to know the
! manner of men to whom has been dele
gated the power of representing the
wishes of one-half the inhabitants of
the metropolis of the Pacific Coast in
the selection of candidates for the ex
ecutive and judicial offices of the State
of California. The list follows:
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
LAWRENCE J. HOEY— Agitator.
I Clerk in ReKiKtrar's office. Not on the
assessment roll.
J. W. FARREN JR.— Bank secretary.
Father was one of Buckley's Supervisors.
MARTIN J. HEAVY— Porter, Not on
| the assessment roll.
A. ESTELlTA— Upholsterer. Not on the
j assessment roll.
D. F. MOORE— Name not In the direc
tory. One of Braunhart's "push."
JOHN F. MOORE— Not on tne assess
ment roll. One of Braunhari s "push."
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
JAMES I. I-ALLY-Not on the assess
ment roll. One of Rrnunhart's "push."
MICHAEL, LUCET— Grocery and sa
loon. One of Braunhart's "push." Not on
the assessment roll.
JOHN ALLEN— Saloon keeper. One of
Braunhart's "push."
THOMAS FAULKNER— Not on the as
sessment. Ha? a brother in the license
office through the solicitation of Braun
hart.
CHARLES KIESEL— Not on the as
sessment roll.
JAMES BRANNAN-Late pardener
Union Square. One of Braunhart's
"push."
EDWARD R. MURPHY— Not on the
assessment roll.
JAMES W. FITZGERALD— Late em
ploye of Harbor Commission. Not on the
assessment roll.
THOMAS F. MTLLE— CIerk, gas light
er and general utility man at Buekley-
McX.ib headquarters.
thirtib:th district.
THOMAS GRADY— Painter. Not on
the assessment roll.
ROBERT WALSH— Name not in the di
rectory. Not on the assessment mil.
Ji>IJX II KANY- Not on the assessment
roll.
ALEX GREGG AlNS— Professional pu
gilist, saloon keeper and Buckley's guide
and friend.
PETER J. CREEGAN— Late of Sheriff's
office.
JAMES FARRELL— Gas fitter. Not on
the assessment roll.
GEORGE SMITH— Name not in direc
tory. Not on the assessment roll.
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
WILLIAM LOWE NFELD— Barber. As
sessed for $75. »
D. S. O'BRIEN— Not on the assessment
roll.
THOMAS CAMPBELL— Blacksmith.
Not on the assessment roll.
EDWARD F. O'BRIEN— Not on the as
sessment roll. Belongs in the Thirtieth
District.
CHARLES E. GALLAGHER— PoIiticaI
plumber. One of Buckley's "Business
Men."
D. P. QUINLAN— Laborer.
ROBERT LOWRY— Name not in the
directory. Not on the assessment roll.
Said that Richard Doolan will have his
proxy.
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
JAMES I. TWIGG— Boat builder. One
of Buckley's "business men." Brother is
a member of the committee of one hun
dred, and his father is a member of Har
ney's general cnmmlttpc.
JAMES MULDOWNEY— Name not in
the directory.
J J. M'MANUS — Assessed for J4O.
MICHAEL M'GRATH— Lodging house
WrLLTAM REMWICK- Machinist. As
sessed for $40.
CHARLES KELLY— Not on tho assess
ment roll.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
JAMES KINGSTON— Not on the assess
ment roll.
JAMES DONOVAN— Liquor dealer. Not
on the assessment roll. I? a partner of
Buckley's friend. Anthony Quill.
W. W. GRIFFIN— Name not in the di-
WTLLIAJI McCANNON— Lawyer. Prop
erty sold for taxes. Personal tax delin
quent.
P F NOLAN— Not on the assessment
roll.
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
R. LYNCH— Name not in the directory.
Not on the assessment roll.
DANIEL (TUKY-No occupation given
in the directory.
STEPHEIN R. O'KEEFE— Police Court
lawyer, chronic political Job chaser.
Late candidate for Police Judge and
IN MEMORIAM.
[Tt was indeed a strange coincidence, but a fitting end for the noble old
seaman whose life had been given to the service of his country, that Admiral
W. A. Klrkiand, U. S. N.. should die at Mare Island on the day peace was de
clared.]
"Cease firing!" Lo. the bugles call —
"Cease." and the red flame dies away.
The thunders sleep, along the gTay
Smoke-shrouded hills the echoes fall.
"Cease firing!" Close the columns fold
Their shattered wings— the war-worn troops
Now "stand at ease"— the ensign droops,
The chargers' heated flanks turn cold.
"Cease firing!" Down with point reversed
The reeking, crimson saber drips;
Cool grows the fevered cannon's lips —
Their wreathing vapprs far dispersed.
"Cease firing!" From the sponson's rim
The mute black muzzles frown across
The sea. where swelling surges toss
The armored squadrons, silent, grim.
"Cease firing!" Look, white banners show
Along the graves where warriors sleep-
Above the waves where men lie deep
In pure soft flutterings of snow.
"Cease firing." Glorious and sweet
For country tis to die — and comes
The Peace — and bugles blow and drums
Are sounding out the Last Retreat!
San Francisco, Aug. 12, 1898.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
I. Hirshfeld, a merchant of Bakersfield,
1b at the Lick.
L. M. Peters, a mining man of Qulncy,
Is at the Russ.
J. H. Flint, the pharmacist of Marys
ville. Is at the Lick.
John P. Dahlgren, a civil engineer of
Honolulu, is at the Russ.
Emile H. Breldenback. a hardware deal
er of St. Louis, is at the Grand.
Charles V. Ecclestftne and W. A. Tawn
Prosecuting Attorney of Police courts, is
one of Buckley's pets.
P. ML WELLIN— Sand-lotter and politi-
C FRANK l E r ' MAHONEY— CIerk. Not or
the assessment roll. .
JOHN E. O'BRIEN- Clerk. Not on the
assessment roll.
JOHN E. A. HELMS-Corner grocery
und saloon keeper.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
STEPHEN A. BYRNE— Laborer.
THOMAS BKENNAN— SaIoon keeper.
JAMES E. DONAHUE JR.— Clerk. Not
on the assessment roll.
WILLIAM H. BELL— Buckley s candi
date for State Senator in 1896. Not on the
assessment roll.
WALTER GALLAGHER— PoIice Court
lawyer and member of the Clan Gal
lugher. Js one of Buckley's admirers.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
J. J. FLYNN— Known as Buckley's "Big
Mouth" Flynn, and not to be confounded
with Buckley's "Big Head" Flinn.
JAMES M. CURTIN— Corner grocery
and saloon keeper.
JEREMIAH LOWNEY— One of Buck
ley's old guard.
EDWARD J. COFFEY— Not on the as
sessment roll.
M. McGLINCHY— Name not in the di
rectory.
DENNIS O'KEEFE— One of Buckley's
supporters. On the delinquent tax list.
PATRICK CASSERLY— Name not in
the directory. Not on the assessment
roll.
W. D. CROWLEY— A follower of the
Blind Boss.
JOHN SAMISINO— Not on the assess
ment roll.
THIRTY-SEVENTH DISTRICT.
PAIL D. WALSH— Salesman. Not on
the .-.ssessment roll.
HUGH P. McAVOY— Buckley lamb
and political undertaker.
THOMAS MARTIN— Not on the as
sessment roll.
CHARLES STERN— Name not in the
directory.
A. D. LEMON— Police Court lawyer.
Late of Arizona.
P. T. FLINN— One of Buckley's "Busi
ness Men." . ,
PESTER KELLY— One of Buckley's foi
lowers.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
LESTER H . JACOBS— Lawyer. Not on
the assessment roll.
J. D. POWERS— Butcher. Political job
chaser. One of Buckley's old guard.
i * ►ii L. KAY— One of Buckley's hench
men. Son on committee of 100.
WILLIAM F. STAFFORD— Lawyer. Is
a welcome guest at Buckley's board.
Hl.'GO K. ASHER— Lawyer. A double
ender who always gets aboard when the
boll rings. Is also a member of Har
e nimittPe of 450.
AUGUSTUS TILL. MANN— Chronic can
didate for Supervisor und School Director,
one of Braunhart's "push."
EDWARD T. MlNEHAN— Expressman.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
ROBERT C. H«> WE— Clerk. Is on the
delinquent tax list.
CLARENCE C. SMITH— Name not In
Th.- directory.
HENRY L. BlENFlELD— Detective for
I the Buckley-McNab combination and ex
pigeon of the "Junta" of 1*96. Has been
dismissed from the Fire Department. Har
bor Commssioners' office, Custom House
and was in trouble In the Street Depart
ment. Is the guardian of Max Popper's
political conscience and honor. Used to
transport lt-gitimate voters in vegetable
wagons from one district to another on
the night of primary elections when Buck
ley was on top.
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
E. R. ROCK— Bookkeeper. Not on the
assessment roll.
CHARLES L. WELLS— Dancing teacher.
EMIL PERRY— Marble cutter. Not on
the assessment roll.
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
' J. E. CRAIG — Father is a candidate for
the Congressional nomination in .the Fifth
District, and is also a member of the
Committee of One Hundred.
BARRY BALDWIN JR.— Father Is a
member of the Committee of One Hun
dred. Not on the assessment roll.
STEPHEN POTTER— One of Buckley's
Old guard.
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
McCOY FITZGERALD— Name not in
the directory.
K. M. SIMMS— Name not In the direc
tory.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR— Student. Not on
the assessment roll.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
R. T. McKlSlCK— Student. Lives in
Oakland. Father is a candidate for the
nomination for Attorney General or Su
preme Justice.
HENRY A. CONRAD— Carpenter. Bot
tle bolder for Thomas "Janus" Pinder, the
politicnl farmer. Does not live in the
district.
GEORGE M. TERRILL— Not on the as
sessment roll.
MILL Mr LAUGHRY— Lawyer. As
sessed for $40. Paid one-half.
J. H. BRIDGE— Not on the assessment
roll.
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
GEORGE KRIMPHOFF— Assessed for
|S >.
L. V. MERLE— Is a follower of Buckley
and Popper.
H. A. SAYLES— CIerk. Said to have
promised his proxy to McNab.
WILLIAM GRlMM— Waiter Occidental
Hotel. Said to have promised his proxy
to McNab.
FRANK McDONALD— Not on the as
sessment roll. Said to have promised his
proxy to McNab.
C. E. LOGAN— Fireman California
Hotel. His proxy said to be at the dis
posal of P. H. McCarthy. One of the
committee of 100.
H. L. REA — Custom House broker, j
Lives in Alameda.
CHARLES MCCARTHY— One of Buck
ley's men.
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
L. W. LOVEY— Business manager for
Jam*.- tl. Barry, candidate for the Con
gressional nomination in the Fourth Dis
trict and a member of the Committee of
One Hundred. Lives in Alameda. Not on
assessment roll.
BY TOM GREGORY.
send of Los Angeles are at the Occi
dental.
Francisco Monteverde and Albert Cubll
las of Mexico are at the Occidental.
Fred Conn, who is largely interested in
borax mines at Big Pine, is at the Rues.
A. G. de L'Estoile, a French mining en
gineer, has returned from El Dorado
County and is at the Palace.
John D. Spreckels is rapidly recovering
at Del Coronado from the effects of his
recent accident. Yesterday he was so far
restored as to go out and enjoy the air.
He expressed himself as feeling quite con
valescent,
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The armament of the 6000-ton cruisers
building for Russia will consist of twelve
6-lnch quick flrers of 45 caliber length;
seventeen 3-inch quick firers of 50 caliber
length, throwing shells of 13 pounds, and
six 3-pounder Hotchkiss. The six-inch
guns will each have 180 rounds of ammu
nition, the 3-inch will have 300 rounds to
each gun and 810 rounds are to be the
supply for each Hotchkiss gun. The total
weight of guns and ammunition is near
ly 380 tons.
The Pactolus, a British cruiser of 2135
tons, 7000 horse power and 20 knot speed,
I has recently gone through her 30 hours'
j coal consumption trial with unsatisfac
tory results. The ship, in conformity to
the peculiar practice in England, was fly
ing very light, drawing only 14 feet,
I whereas her load draught is to be 17 feet.
■ With 251 pounds of steam and 168 revolu
! tions the engines developed only 3265
horse power against the calculated 3500.
Worst of all the coal consumption aver
aged 2.74 pounds per horse power per
hour. The ship is fitted with water-tube
boilers of the Blachynden type, which in
this instance were a decided disappoint
ment as to efficiency and moderate eco
nomical coal consumption.
The Albatross, torpedo-boat destroyer,
was luunched at Thorneycroft's yard July
19, all complete, ready for steaming. Tho
vessel is of 360 tone displacement, 227 feet
in length. 21 feet 3 inches beam and 8
feet 5 inches mean draught with 80 tons
of ooal on board. She has three water
tube boilers to carry 250 pounds of steam
and with 400 revolutions is calculated to
develop 8000 horse power and a speed of
32 knots. Another boat, named Express,
was launched at Laird's yard in June
which !b calculated to make S3 knots
with 7700 horse power. She hs or the same
length as the Albatross, but has nine
inches more beam and has muclf finer
lines, displacing only 300 tons.
The dockyards in Great Britain are
unusually busy and shipbuilding Is being
pushed with great activity. The keel of
the battleship Formidable was laid at
Portsmouth March 21. and up to July 23
there had already been worked 2200 tons
material Into the hull, being at the rate
of 550 tons per month. At the same yard
2000 men are working on the battleship
Canopus.
The Russian naval programme is, ac
cording to a published statement by Lord
Charles Berepford, as follows: One hun
dred and seventeen millions dollars is to
be expended during the period of IS9B
1904 upon the construction of eight first
class battleships, six first-class cruisers,
ten second-class cruisers, one submarln©
transport, one torpedo transport, twenty
torpedo-boat destroyers and thirty tor
pedo boats. The battleships will all bo
of 12.900 tons, 368 feet in length. 72 feet 6
inches beam and 26 feet draught and to
have a speed of 18 knots under natural
draught. One Is being built by the Cramps
at a contract cost of $4,358,000, to be deliv
ered in thirty months; four are being
built at the Government yards in Russia,
one in France and two are still unassign
ed. Of the first-class cruisers of 6000 tons
and 23 knots speed, Cramps are building
one, two hare been placed in France, two
are being built by a Belgian firm at
Nicolaieff, and builders in Germany have
been Invited to bid on the remaining large
cruiser and one of the 3000-ton cruis
ers, of which latter nine are still to be as
signed. Six torpedo-boat destroyers of 312
tons are building at the Neroskey works,
St. Petersburg, and six of the same size
in France; they are all to have a speed
of 29 knots under natural draught. Ger
man shipyards have been offered a
chance to bid on eight boats of 350 tons.
Finland is building four 150-ton torpedo
boats to steam 29 knots under forced
draught and the remainder will be built
in Russian yards. The total of this naval
programme is 76 vessels of 199.744 tons.
There Is quite a number of battleships
and cruisers not yet placed and the
builders of the Oregon should have an,
opportunity to compete with Eastern and
foreign shipbuilders and furnish vessels
to serve as samples of what constitute*
efficiency in working and in construction.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DR. ORD— W. M. S.. Napa, Cal. Dr. J.
L. Ord, brother of the late General Ed
ward O. C. Ord. Is still alive and at pres
ent a resident of Monterey.
NOT HARMFUL — Compounders of
drugs say that the prescription given in
your communication is not harmful.
POSTAGE STAMPS— S., City. Th«
proper place for a postage stamp on an
envelope is the upper righthand corner.
ALKALI WATER— J. 8., City. To
render alkali water fit for use as drink
ing water it should either be boiled or
condensad.
FACT AND FAITH— J. B. M.. Dayton,
Nev. The book entitled "Fact and Faith"
may be procured through any first-class
book seller. This department does not
advertise book sellers.
HALF CENTS— Subscriber, City. There
is offered a premium of 3H cents for a
half cent of 1825; for a half cent of 1849
with the date in large figures the same
premium is offered; for one of that date
with small figures a premium of from $6
to $8 50 is offered.
PULSATION— J. L.. City. The average
pulse of a healthy man is about 70. If it
falls below 60 it is considered by physi
cians a* an indication of disease. Thera
are cases recorded where the pulse of an,
apparently healthy man was as low as 20,
but it was the result of disease. A fatty
accumulation about the heart may de
crease the pulse to 20 or 30 without any
prominent signs of ill health in the in
valid.
DISABLED SEAMEN— S.. Mare Island.
Cal. The following Is the language of 4757
of the United States Revised Statutes:
Every disabled person who has served in
the navy or marine corps as an enlisted man
for a period of not loss than ten years ami
not discharged for misconduct may apply to
the Secretary- of the Navy for aid from th«
surplus inc< me of the naval pension fund and
the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to
convene a board of not less than three naval
officers, one of whom shall be a surgeon, to
examine into the condition of the applicant
and to recommend a suitable amount for his
relief and for a specified time, and upon the
approval of such recommendation by the Sec
retary of the Navy and certificate thereof to
the Commissioner of Pensions, the amount
shall be paid in the same manner provided
for the payment of persona disabled by long
service in the navy, but no pension shall ex
ceed the rate of a pension for full disability
corresponding to the grade of the applicant,
nor, if In addition to a pension, exceed one
fourth the rate of such pension.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aug. 14.— E. H. Greenleaf
of Santa Barbara and Dr. J. R. Lain of.
San Francisco are at the Sturtevant.
CalTglace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men. by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IM2. •
To Portland and Return $20 First-
Glass.
Account Pacific Coast Dental Congress. By O.
R. and N. Co.'c steamer, sailing August IS.
Inquire at 630 Market street.
First and Second
ClaM rates again reduced via the Pant* 9m
route. Call at the new ticket office. 623 Market.
But few people impair their eyesight
from looking on the bright side of
things.
'Mrs, Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty year* by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the ' gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates tht Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In .every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for lira*
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 2Sc a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL. CORONADO- Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; lonjjer stay *S SO per day. Apply, at i NeW
Montgomery street, San Francisco*DEMOCRATS ARE
GATHERING AT
SACRAMENTO
Managers of the State Conven
tion Have Everything Nicely
Planned.
The Fusion Agreement — Maguire Wants
Budd for Chairman— McNab Dele
"■.;'•: gates on the Roll.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 14—Dele
gates to the Democratic State Con
vention which assembles Tuesday
afternoon began to arrive to-day.
. The evening trains brought a contin
• gi»nt of party workers and reinforced
. the : army of aspirants for State posi
tionß how in the field.
:■•.• The chief interest of the ho-ur relates
to the temporary organization of the
convention. Singularly enough the two
leading:, candidates for the position are
Los Angeles men, and from the general
tenor of remarks this evening it seems
that George B. Pnttor. is likely to be
■"chosen to fill that hono- although his
opponet. Isadore D. Dockweiler, has
soirre enthusiastic friends. But Bouth
ern'Cti.liforn:a delegates who know both
meri. say that Patton possesses such
.. Splendid ability as a presiding officer,
and. is such a clear and ready talker
.that the natural demand? of the con
".veriti.on will likely favor his choice.
Harney Fight Engrosses Attention.
It is. obvious that the contest from
San Francisco concerning recognition
of the Harney and McNab elements of
the party will engross the early atten
tion of the convention. To-morrow the
Sacramento local delegation will cau
''... cus. and to-night it is asserted that
- (Wenty-one members of the Sacramento
delegation have pronounced in favor of
. .recognizing the Harneyites as Demo
'■ crajts entitled to the fullest recognition.
The Fusion Slate.
. ' The coming convention will present
• many peculiar aspects as it exemplifies
• fusion on a broader scale than has ever
" before been attempted in thi3 State.
" .According to the committee's plan of
■fusLon the following State officers be
.. longing to the Populist's . end of the
combination will cut no figure In the
■..convention beyond the mere formality
'of "indorsement: Lieutenant Governor,
•'E.-L... .Hutchinson of Los Angeles; State
' Comptroller, Maples of Kern County;
'•Superintendent of Public Instruction,
KUTiKIe of Placer County; Sixth Con-
•.g:r.es,siC'ral District, Barlow; Seventh
V.cVn-'g'r'essional District, Castle.
;'" t'n'der the terms of the fusion the Sil
\:ver want one Associate
' .'Justice of the Supreme Court, Van
■jVykfe-of Los Angeles; Clerk of the Su
7'p;berije Court, McCraney of Sacramento.
: . To "ail intents and purposes the forego
■Aft-g- officers have been chosen. The
. Dt-m?k.rats are to have the Governor,
'.t'lxe- "Secretary of State, the State Treas
vur^r; the Attorney General, the Sur
: General, the State Printer, three
: inembera of the State Board of Equali
. Nation, two Railroad Commissioners
.• : aiid five Congressmen and two Associ
ate" Justices of the Supreme Court.
. Judicial Candidates Numerous.
There is active work being done In
. be.h;ajf .of' quite a number of candidates
fr,:- the Supreme bench. The office
• 'seems "to be more eagerly sought for
. than any other office on the State
•ticiiet. Among the active candidates
...are: Judge William Conley, the pres
'.ent Judge- of Madera County; Attorney
•'iTarns worth of Tulare County, Judge
: Hughes of San Diego and General Jo
• "Hja&iltbn. It is thought to-night
'.that the name of Judge William T.
■ Wallace of San Francisco will be placed
before, the convention.
.-/■.".'Of the four candidates for State
"■■printer. mentioned, three are from San
..: Francisco. They are L. P. Ward. J. J.
-'. JCurry and W. B. Benoist.
; ; ;.Fcir State Treasurer there are two
stalwarts in the Held. The incumbent
Vc.'f .the office, Will S. Green, has a host
."• of friends advocating his claims, while
• Charles Edelman of Orange, a woll
•Vkho'wn Grand Army comrade, is like
•wise a,n active candidate with a strong
.' following.
."' There- is considerable talk of Andrews
•■. oi.Tehama for Attorney General
• 'The district convention will dispose
.of. the candidates for the State Board
• "of Equalization and Railroad Commis-
Wohers, but it is foreshadowed now
that William H. Hinton and H. M.
Lia. Rue, now serving on the board, will
I he. placed in the Beld as candidates in
their respective districts.
Budd May Be Chairman.
. .'While it is pretty generally acknowl
edged that Patton or Dockweiler -0111
'.'be temporary chairman of the conven
tion, it seems highly probable that the
. .hqqors' of permanent chairman may be
■ ■ tendered to Governor Budd.
•Intelligence was received here last
■ night from a source that cannot be
questioned that early this afternoon
Judge Maguire and Governor Budd held
'■:]tt long conference In the rooms of the
loiter at the Palace Hotel, San Fran
. Cisco. It is : ■ that there was
tree exchange of views on convention
.topics, and Incidentally the question of
j ling recognition to the Harney
deles ted by the primaries was
'discussed. Judge Maguire desired to
■ .hold 'himself free from any contact with
■ this; contention, but did express a per
• -sonar wish that Governor Budd should
■ .•bre^o.me' the permanent presiding officer
of the- convention and give the fusion
-'movement his fullest and most unre-
Mrve9 support, it is believed to-night
-.that Magulre and Budd reached an un
derstand! OK that Insures the Governor's
H'-Wli-on for permanent chairman. The
Oakland delegation caucused last night
and agreed on M. v. Tarpey for tempo
rary chairman, and indorsed Governor
JBudd. for permanent chairman of the
■ Btate- Convention.
Word, comes from Log Angeles that
the delegation from that county hns
adopted . a resolution urging Stephen
M. White to stand as a candidate for
the United States Senate. A similar
resolution will be presented to the State
Convention.
McNab on the Inside.
One phase of the contemplated fight
over the seating: of the two contesting
Ban' Francisco delegations has been
definitely determined. Secretary Troy
of the State Central Committee stated
to-night that the delegation appointed
by the Committee of One Hundred
would be played upon the printed tem
porary roll. This in effect means that
tho Gould-McNab-Alford delegation
will be given seats on the floor of the
convention hall and will have a voice
in the naming of the temporary chair
man. As the temporary Chairman has
the appointment of the committee on
credentials this gives the programmers
a distinct advantage, as It will give
them a solid block of 154 votes to cast
in favor of their candidate for the tem
porary chairmanship.
It is quite possible that when the con
vention is called to order friends of the
Harney delegation will seek to secure
the adoption of a motion excluding
both delegations from participation in
the temporary organization of the con
vention. Whether juch a motion will
be entertained or not is exceedingly
questionable, and from present indica
tions it appears that their fight for rec
ognition will have to be made when
the report of the committee of Creden
tials is read.
HARNEYITES FIRST
ON THE BATTLEFIELD
Country Democrats WIJI Advise
Harmony and Urge a Com
promise.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. l-1.-The Harney
ites believe in the old adage that the ear
ly bird catches the worm an<l they are
out looking for the worm. Th«y intend
making a fight to the bitter end against
delegates appointed by the Committee of
One hundred, and are firm in their belief
that the Democratic State Convention
will give them the contested seats.
But few of the Interior delegates have
arrived and but little work will be possi
ble before to-morrow night. The senti
ment of the delegates now on the conven
tion ground is that foi» the Bake of har
mony and peace in Democratic rank 3in
Snn Francisco some means should be de
vised to bring the factions together. If
the feud is carried on in San Francisco it
means the loss if many hundred votes
that would otherwise go to the local
ticket. It Is mainly a local Qgbt, but the
underlying poini Is Drrno<-ratic principle.
While matters may not turn out to suit
both factions there is one thing certain
and that la that on State politics they will
l><- united. The local differences at tin
two Frisco delegations will nut cut any
figure in tho Stau? flplit. Delegates of
both sides say that no matter v.-hat may
be the result of the contest, they will go
home fipht.iiig- for th^ Stiite nominpfs. In
San Francisco affairs there is a different
story to tell.
An effort will he made to bring the war-
Ing factions together and have them dls
contlnue a fight that will not locally avail
either si.)>\ The Barney p».-oj>lp believe
that if they <lo not gi«t the seats In the
State Convention they will at least re
ceive half of them. Some of the Snrra
mr-nto delegates think that for the best
interests of the State ticket both sides
THE GODLD-ALFORD-McNAB SLATE.
The Harney faction of the Democratic party of this city has re
sumed Its fight against the Oould-Alford-MeNab combine with great
vigor, and in order that the country delegates may be thoroughly fa
miliar with the schemes of the triumvirate the following circular will
be handed to every member of the convention before the opening
session:
THE SAN FRANCISCO DEMOCRACY.
Which Is the Regular Organization?— The Question in a Nutshell.
Is it right and democratic that three men— Gavin McNab, F. H. Gould
and W. 11. Alford, members of the State Central Committee— with a bag
ful of proxies, through one man, \V. H. Alford. the chairman, shall ap
point a committee of nlr.e men, who shall appoint a county committee of
100 men, who shall appoint a delegation to the State Convention of 154 men,
•who shall nominate for office only themselves?
Th<- offices to be nominated for by the San Francisco delegation to the
State Convention are four: Ist, Congressman from Fourth District; 2d,
Congressman from Fifth District; 3d, Railroad Commissioner; 4th, Mem
ber Board of Equalization.
Now OBSERVE THE PROGRAMME:
For Office No. I— Congressman Fourth District. The programme is,
Gavin McNab of the committee of three and the committee of nine or
James H. Barry of the committee of ono hundred.
For Office No. 2— Congressman Fifth Dis-trict. The programme is, Wil
liam Craig of the committee of one hundred.
For Office No. 3— Railroad Commissioner. The programme la, "William
Hinton of the committee of one hundred.
For Office No. 4 — Member of Board of Equalization. The programme
is, John H. Grady of the committee of one hundred.
Therefore, none but these self-constituted trustees of the party can
receive nominations. The chosen one hundred will choose from the one
hundred and take care of tho one hundred. Who represents the remain
ing 34,900 Democrats of San Francisco? And all this in the name of vir
tue and reform!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
should bo given equal chances, that is.
give each faction a one-half vote on every
proposition.
John F. MeGovern, secretary of the
Harney County Committee, and Sammy
Kohlman, arrived hero on the afternoon
train to look after their side of the fight.
They found but little work for them to do
as the delegates are slow in arriving.
The reported excessive heat here has
kept many away who would have other
wise been on the lighting ground
to-night. The weather to-night is cool
end there are indications that the climatic
warm spell !s over for the present. The
political warm spell will succeed the other
inside of the next twenty-four hours.
MERCED REPUBLICANS.
Nominate a County Ticket and Elect
Convention Delegates.
MERCED, Aug. 13.— The Republican
county convention of Merced County con
vened at Leeker's Hall in this city to
day, and was one of the largest attended
and most harmonious and enthusiastic
conventions held in Merced County for
years.
The following: ticket was placed in nom
ination: Sheriff, C. A. H. Warfleld; Tax
Collector, G. W. Kibbey; Treasurer,
Grant Mliler; Clerk, J. R. Baxter; Dis
trict Attorney, F. G. Ostrander; Superin
tendent of Schools. Miss Clara Stoddard;
Recorder, G. B. Neghbor: Auditor, J. H.
Anderson; Assessor, Fred Clough; Sur
veyor, H. H. Henderson: Coroner and
Public Administrator, Dr. F. E. liilley.
Delegates to the State convention— C F.
Wa<le. Charles Harris, J. W. Knox. F.
Ringnald: delegates to the Seventh Con
gressional convention— Paul Newmann, C
H. Leggett, J. W. Vaughan and A. A.
Bui-.r.
Congressional Primaries.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 14.— Great interest is
being taken in the coming Congressional
primaries which will take place on
Wednesday. It is expected that they will
be more warmly contested than the prim
aries of Saturday, as the rivalry between
Hilborn and Metcalf in this city is in
tense. The men to whom Hilborn has been
instrumental in giving positions are work
ing energetically in his behalf, while he
has many opponents who are equally
strenuous and determined that he sh.iil
not be re-elected. Following are the Hil
born delegates:
For delegate at large — John A. Britton.
For delegate— Bert L. Fisher, C. J. Ham
mond, Harry Transue, George A. Montell
C. L. Metzger. Arthur G. Burns. John
Meyer, K. R. Wilson, Fritz Boehmer J
Black, A. G. Roberts, T. E. Sawyer, E
H. Marwedel, John McArthur.
Contra Costa Democratic Delegates.
MARTINEZ. Aug. 13.— The Democratic
County convention was held here to-day
and the following delegates were elected
to the State convention: A. A. Bailer S
L. Sullivan, T. A. McMahon, L. Mapulre
W. I>. Woolbert. J. D. Smith. J. F. Bus.-y,
Percy Douglas and Harry Loryea. Reso
lutions were adopted supporting Maguiro
and terming him the great savior of the
people.
Benicia's Republican Delegates.
BEN'ICIA. Aug. 13.— W. L. Crooks and
Godfrey Rueger were elected delegates
to the Republican State Convention and
Joseph Hoyt and George W. Stevens dele
gatea to the Congressional Convention
here to-day.
Democratic Delegates of Yolo.
WOODLAND, Aug. 13.-The Democratic
county convention was held here to-day
Ben Chambers, W. H. Robinson, Thomas
McT,pf>r T. S. Spaulding, J. B. Nixon,
M I'iggs, C. W. Thomas. Ed E. Leake.
!>r \V. E. Bates and S. J. Sill wore
elected delegates to the State conven
tion.
King City's Republican Delegates.
KING CITY, Aug. 13.— The Republican
primary election hold in this city to-day
resulted in the election of the following
delegates: G. P. Henry, Thomas Unher
and Dan Harrington.
San Luis Populists Ifavor Fusion.
SAN" I,UIS OHISPO, Aug. 13.— The Pop
ulist County Central Committee met to
day and adopted resolutions favorini? fu
sion on county officers with the Demo
crats. It was decided to hold a conven
tion and nominate a county ticket at
Paso Robles on September 13.
Record of Registration.
The report from the Registrar's office
shows that during the four days ending
at 6 o'clock yesterday the total registra
tion was 17,595. it is i .xp ec t e d that the
registration on Monday, which is the ia.st
day, will be very heavy.
Suisun's Republican Delegates.
BUISUN, Aug. aJ.— At the Republican
primaries hero to-day Alden Anderson
and J. S. Brown were elected delegates
to the State .convention, unopposed. For
Congressional convention E. P. Hilborn
was elected ns delegate, defeating his
opponent. Warren Woods, by 53 votes.
An Anti-Boss Delegate.
LOS OLIVOS, Aug. 14.— The Republi
cans of Santa Yrit-z Saturday elected
Fellp Mattel, proprietor of Hotel Los
Ollvos, delegate to the State Convention.
Mr. Mattel Is anti-boss. If the conven
tion nominates corruption or boss. rule
candidates many good Republicans of
this section wilt not vote the State ticket.
San Diego Republican Delegates.
SAX DIEGO, Aug. 13.—The San Diego
County delegation to the Republican Stato
convention held a meeting this evening
and chose Colonel A. G. Gassen chairman j
and George I >. Goldman secretary.
The Fourth Congressional Fight.
The storm center of th<» Congression
al fight will be in the Fourth District.
The candidates are J. J. Dwyer, Gavin
McNab, J. H. Barry and W. P. Law
lor. It is a free-for-all race, as the
district is Democratic by an over
whelming- majority. McNab Is not
fighting in the open. He is a candidate
with certain reservations. If the dele
gates of his own choice are seated hs
will sLind, otherwise he will withdraw
and say he never was a candidate.
In the Second District Marlon De
Vries has no opposition for the nomi
nation.
In the Fifth Congressional District
the flelrl Is clear for the nomination of
TVilliam Craig of San Francisco.
R. H. Beamer, present member of
the Board of Equalization from the
Third District, will no doubt be renom-
Inated. It looks to-night as if J. H.
Grady, ex-T:ix Collector, would be
nominated to represent the San Fran
cisco district.
Sacramento Politics.
"William H. Alford of Visalia. chair
man of the Democratic State Central
Committee, has rooms at the Golden
Eagle connecting with the apartments
of E. C. Farnsworth. candidate for
Justice of the Supreme Court. It is
understood that Alford is handling
Farnsworth's contest.
Thirty-First District Republicans.
The Republicans of the Thirty-first As
sembly District will hold a primary to
night at Teutonia Hall, 1320 Howard
street, to elect delegates to the State Con
vention. Republican voters are earnestly
Invited to attend. ,
PARALYSIS FROM DIVING.
Son of San Diego's Mayor Sustains
Serious Injury.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 14.— Bert Reed, a son
of Mayor D. C. Reed of this city, met
with a serious mishap -it La Jolla to-day.
He made a dive from the cliff, a distance
of ninety feet, but the water was shallow
and he struck the bottom, causing severe
Injury. He was in a state of semi
consciousness for some time after he was
taken from the water, but to-night he is
able to talk a little. U" is paralyzed
from the chest down. The precise nature
and extent of his injuries are not yet
known. Young Reed, who has a local
reputation as an athlete, is said to have
supposed that there was eight feet of
water where he made the dive. It is re
ported, however, that the depth was bare
ly five feet. He weighs over 200 pounds
and could not check the momentum of his
fall in such shallow v/ater. His condi
tion 1b considered, very serious.
THE DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES,
The Democratic State Convention,
which meets at 2 p. m. to-morrow at
Sacramento, will be composed of 756
delegates. Following are the names of
those chosen by the Democrats of the
State to be In attendance, including the
two delegations from San Francisco:
Alameda County: Delegates at large—
R. F. Fitzgerald. W. \V. Foote, M. F.
Tarpey. Delegates— J. C. Bullock,
F. W. Leonard, J. V. Powers,
E. J. Errlcson, William Heaffey,
J. J. Farrell, P. Kavanaugh, W. B.
White, James Lawton, James Singen, C.
W. Logan, Seth Mann, M. N. Hennings,
Warren B. English, Henry C. McPike,
Patrick Mullan, C. D. O'Gara, P. E. Dal
ton, M. J. Laymance, James Mulgrew, W.
C. Price, H. Mullally, William Sweeney,
W. H. Christie, Oakland; James O'Neill,
Charles Gilchrist, Daniel Madden, Berke
ley; E. J. Holland, Eden; M. J. Klrwin,
San Lorenzo; P. Godcheaux, Hay wards;
Daniel Murphy and George Beck, San
Leandro; H. Dusterbury, Pleasanton; F.
W. Voogt, John O'Brien, S. S. Crandall,
T. C. Stoddard, John Halton, Alameda.
Alpine County — W. W. Harvey.
Amador County— L. J. Sargent, T. H.
Gartlin, A. Camlnetti, J. Mehan, J. Mul
doon, W. H. Glenn, T. D. Valentine, H.
F. Allen.
Butte County— W. T. McClard. T. Rlne
hart, John Guidery, J. M. McGee, Frank
Brooks, J. P. Price, George Ditzler, R.
C. Long, W. P. Lynch, O. H. Crosette,
A. E. Jones, J. W. B. Montgomery.
Calaveras County— W. K. Dean, Felix;
H. A. Messenger, Gwln Mine; Frank
lirown, Milton; P. H. Kean, San Andreas;
W. A. Garrard, Angels; George Avery,
Iry; Thomas Fullen, Angels; George
Iraves, San Andreas; Thomas E. Mc
ey, Mokclumne Hill.
lusa County— c. D. Stanton, Arbuckle;
rge P. Ahlf. Colusu; J. S. Gibson,
lams; U. W. Brown, Colusa; Edwin
Kwlnford, Colusa; H. H. Seaton, Arbuckle;
W. H. Cross. Maxwell.
Contra Costa County— A. A. Bailey. S.
L. Sullivan, T. A. McMahon, L. Maguire,
W. I>. Woolbert, J. D. Smith, J. F. Busey,
Percy Douglass, Harry I,oryea.
El Dorado County— Walter E. Miller.
Plaee.rvllle; A. L. Kramp, Diamond
Springs; S. "U*. Irving, El Dorado; John
.Mi Kay. Coloma; Joe Sherrer, George
town; Nicholas Fox. Placervllle; J. L.
Houx, Shingle; Bernard Heusner, Shingle;
J. L. Limpinsel. Placervllle.
Fresno County— M. K. Harris, Clovis
Cole, J. H. Larue. E. D. Edwards, C. W.
Henderson, J. M. Collier. George L. War
low. George E. Church, C. P. Walton, W.
1 >. Poote, William Dunlap, W. C. Uarnum,
W. S. Badger, Jesse Walden. J. P. Mor-
Kan, J. \Y. F;iirwfather, W. D. Hazelton,
W. J. Rickett and H. C Marshall.
Glenn County— M. Hochheimer, Willows;
H. Qolden, Qermantown; J. w. Albery,
I'rlnceton; W. H. Moniaey, Orland; Ben
. Willows.
Humboldt County — J. P. Haynes, Eu
reka: L. E. Miilian, Eureka; J. F. Coonan,
Bureka; John McConaghy, Alliance;
Thomas Bair, Arcata; L. F. Purcer. Eu
reka; Cnn O'Mara, p-erndale; Frank
Cillver. Alton; Charles Carr. Rohnerville;
B, I. Allard, Eureka; P. W. Matthews,
Kureka; J. P. Quinn, Table Bluff; 11. 11.
Nfibur, Forndale.
Inyo County— A. W. Elbeshutz. P. H
; Mack. Irv. H. Mulholland, White Smith.
Kern County — H. A. Jastro, Bakerafleld;
! Alfred Harreii. Hakersneld; J. W. Jame
! son. Tehachapi; E. M. Roberts, BakiTh
neld; H. L. Packard. Bnkersneld; J. F.
Creasy; R. R. Taylor. Tehachapi; John
Singleton, Randsburg; E. J. Potter, John
Underhlll, Mojave.
Lake County— L. H. Boggs, Kelseyville:
Dah Jones, Lower Lake; J. N. League,
Upper Lake; W. R. Prather, Adams
Springs; T. J. Sheridan, Lakeport.
Lassen County— Dr. E. TV. Dozler, Su-
Banville; N. J. Barley, Susanville; F. M.
Rowland, Long Valley; W. D. Packwood,
Richer.
Los Angeles County —J. Simons,
TV. B. French* Pasadena; M. Rlck
erd. La Manda Park; G. P. McGaugh,
Rivera; M. Wood, Whittier; Evans Davis,
Azusa; George A. Carter, D. C. McQullty,
E. Hlcklen, Pomona; Charles Menifee,
Covinaj George S. Patton San Gabriel;
Ward Haynes, Monrovia; J. H. Coolman,
Covina; Isidore Dockwoller, Earl Rogers,
George D. Roberts, James C. Scarbor
ough, W. R Burke, Dan Menhart J. R.
Franklin, M. W. Conkling, John P. Moran,
John H. Foley, Joe Zirhes, Martin Eie
norn, J. J. O'Brien, William F. Nordholt,
P. Llndenfeld, B. H. McGlnlcy, J. H. Wat
sc.n, E. H. Wilson. Charles M. O'Neill,
TV. H. Workman, C. C. Wright, W. M.
Mead, D. K. Trask, Frank James, J. E.
Yokum. R. J. Adcock, Los Angeles; John
T. Wilson, San Fernando; O. S. Buckley,
Palmdale; C. R. Thompson, Burbank; J.
C, Newton, South Pasadena; Tony Mess
mer, George Goldsmith, Hugh J. Smith,
P. F. Gibbons, A. Ramish, N. M. Quirolo,
Lms Angeles, City Hall; J. A. Hanselman,
Compton; Dr. R. TV. Hill, San Pedro; \\\
K. Dial, Redondo; Walter Carter, Wise
burn; H. X. Goetz, Santa Monica; Ari
osto McCrimmon, B. E. Vlckery, Los An
geles; R. R. Dunbar, Long Beach; Joseph
lnman, Norwalk; Jacob Adloff. Los An
geles, First and Vine streets; Omri Bullis,
Crompton; Shirley C. Ward, Los Angeles,
Bryson block; John T. Gaffey, San Pedro;
Charles M. Baker, Los Angeles, Stowell
block; J. TV. Slier, Downey; A. M. Steph
ens. M. C. Marsh, H. J. Brown, M. P.
Snyder, T. S. Casey, Y. Bilderain, Bowles
E. Taney, G. TV. Retzer. Thomas McCaf
frey, C. E. O'Brien, Chris Hickson, A.
TV. Fisher Thomas F. Donahue, C. E.
Roberts, TV. A. Ryan, Hon. Stephen M.
White, Los Angeles.
Madera County— E. J. Leonard, Ger
trude; J. M. Griffin. G. W. Mordecai, E.
M. McCardle, TV. M. Hughes, Madera.
Marin County— Barnes H. Wilkinson,
San Rafael; M. F. Cochrane, San Rafael;
Frank Rogers, Nicaslo; Thomas Sou'.ly,
Mill Valley; James W. Keyes, Tomales.
Mendocirso County— George S. McPhee,
Westport; J. J. Morrow, Fort Bragg;
John Flanagan, Mendocino; H. B.
Hlckey, Albion; William Ketchum, Man
chester; Frank Hauck, Covelo; A. R.
Mardera, Potter Valley; J. A. Knox, Hop
land; J. C. Ruddock, J. B. Sanford, J.
Q. White, E. G. Case, Uklah.
Modoc County— William Mulllns, Cedar
ville; John E. Raker, P. O'Brien, S. W.
Pepperdino, Alturas.
Mono County— S. B. Burkham, R. W.
Bowen, J. M. Donohue.
Monterey County— B. V. Sargent, John
K. Alexander, Thonias Renison, James
McMahon. P. E. Zabala. H. W. Coffee.
H. B. Leigh, Charles Hart, Robert F.
Johnson. E. B. Dangerfield, P. Jordan, S.
C. Smith.
Napa County— H. J. Chirm, C. L. La
Rue. W. G. Raney, Walter Watson, A. D.
Butler, J. E. Walden, T. A. Bell, Henry
Hogan.
Nevada County— Senator W. F. Prisk, T.
S. Ford, E. J. Rector, Samuel Butler, T.
H. Carr, J. S. Hennessy. E. W. Donnelly,
M. O'Connell, J. Wheelihan, John Mul
roy, John Brophy, William Torpie, S. F.
Harvey.
Orange County— J. A. Booty, L. O.
Breedin, W. H. Spurgeon, Charles G.
Rowan, F. O. Daniel, Sajita Ana; W. M.
McFadden, Placentia; Edgar Johnson.
Fullerton; Charles Edelman, Orange;
Jamea Sleeper, Tustin; D. M. Baker,
Santa Ana,
Placer County— G. W. Hamilton. J. V.
Bell, A. Dixon, A. G. Read, Dr. Schnabel,
W. H. Tudsbury, D. A. Russell, John
Nicholls, F. A. Clark, G. M. Hanich.
Plumas County— J. D." Goodwin. C. E.
McLaughlin, Quincy; J. S. Carter, Cres
cent Mills; William Pasetta. Johnsville.
Riverside County— J. W. Roberts, W. F.
Bray, L. Gill, F. Desousa, E. P. Estu
dillo, C. F. Smith, George Van Kirk. J.
Jensen, Ed Bohn.
Sacramento County— Gillis Doty, C. L.
Browning, E. I. Woodman, T. W. O'Neil;
E. D. McCabe, Isidore Townsend, Tom
Bohan, Patrick Kelly, A. M. Seymour,
George Vice, William McLaughlin D.
Brophy, H. Meyer, C. T. Hughes. Frank
Lyraan, D. W. Carmichael, W. H. Dev
lin, E. Greer. P. J. Shields, J. Mackey.
P. C. Cohn, Charles Pry, Tom Johnston,
J. B. Furness, Mat Barnes.
San Bernardino County— H. W. Nisbet.
E. E. Katz, W. J. Beaver. Byron Waters,
James Murray, A. Mesnalt, W. J. Curtis,
E. M. Cooley, Erwin Phillips. John W.
Edwards, E. P. Meserve, C. M. Brown,
J. B. Renshaw, Daniel Murphy, Robert
Bosworth.
San Diego County— l. I. Irwin. J. F.
Neely, Oscar A. Tripnott, A. E. Dodson,
J. F. Klnney, G. H. P. Shaw. Robert J.
Smith, D. M. Frank. Henry E. Mills, C.
A. Burgoyne, Joseph Goldthorp. L. L.
Boone, N. H. Conklin. C. B. Daggett. W.
J. Davis, W. . Wetzel. .>. M. Doilge, J.
M. Soto, Frank Rawson, J. H. McCarthy,
S. S. Knoles.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Twenty-sixth Assembly District—Law
rence Hoey, John F. Moore. Alexander J.
Estalita, Martin J. Heavy, J. D. Maxwell,
John W. Farren Jr., D. J. Murphy, Emil
Shuck.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District — James
Brannan, Edward Murphy, James \\\
Fitzgerald, Thomas Mullee, Gus Tillman.
James P. Lally, Charles Keisel, Michael
Lucy, John Allen.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Alexander
Qreggains, P. J. Creegan, Thomas Grady.
John Heany, Robert Walsh, James Far
rell. George Smith, John Devenney, Law
rence J. Hurley.
Thirty-first Assembly District— William
Lowenfeld. Thomas Campbell. David Dil
lon, 1 >. S. O'Brien, John McGeary, James
MrElarney, Charles J. Gallagher, D. J.
Qulnlan, Dr. Robert Lowry, John Reid,
Major James Enright
Thirty-second Assembly District — Jamos
J. Twigg, Thomas S. Cronin. James
downey. William J. Renwick, Charles
Kelly, J. J. McManus. Michael McGrath.
W. J. Rcllly.
Thirty-third Assembly District— W. W.
Griffin. D. F. Keefe, William H. Cannon,
I. P. Nolan, Robert Allen, James King
ston. F. C. Cleary, i. Kelly, Eugene D.
Sullivan.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— W. C
Graves. P. M. Wellin. J. EL O i.rien,
Daniel Curry. S. R. O'Koofe. J. E. A.
Helms. R. Lynch, R. Webb. A. W.
Thompson, F. E. Mahoney, Hon. James
D. Phelan (delegate at large').
Thirty-fifth Assembly District— Thomas
Bronnan, James E. Donohue. W. J. BpII,
John F. Byrne, Walter Gallagher, John
Mascoy. Steven A. Byrne.
Thirty-sixth Assembly D\ strict— David
Lewis, A. J. Clunie, Ed J. Coffey, James
M. Curtin, Jeremiah Lowney, J. T. Stan
ley, M. McGllnchy. W. W. McNalr, Denis
O'K.efe, J. Gariseno, W. D. Crowley, P.
Casserly.
Thirty - seventh Assembly District-
Hugh B. Mr-Avoy, Peter Kelly, William J.
Egan, P. T. F'.inn, William P. Sullivan
Jr. Charles Sturm, Thomas Martin, A. D.
Lemon, Paul D. Walsh, Kdw. T. Minne
han, Jerome B. Ar^nti.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— J. D.
Powers. Philip S. Rr.y, W. F. Stafford,
Hugo E. Asher, Lester H. Jacobs, Fred
Junker, Dr. Albert E. Blake, W. H. Met-
son.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Robert
C. Howe, John J. Kennedy, Roger John
son, Clarence C. Smith. Luke Kavanagh,
James Woodthal, H. L. Bienfeld, E. P.
Figel. L. W. Lovey.
Fortieth Assembly District— E. R. Rock,
E. L. Fitzgerald, T. P. Riordan. Henry
W. Rrandonsteln. F. H. Gould, Charles S.
Wells, Emil Perry, James Moore.
Forty-first Assembly District— Eugene
N. Deuprey, J. Early Craig. Dr. George
P. Wintermuth. Stephen Potter, Barry
Baldwin Jr., W. 13. Sanborn, R. A.
Thompson. O. M. Goldaracena,
Forty-second Assembly District — Joseph
O'Connor. R. M. Simms. McCoy Fitzger
ald. Curtis Hlllyer, Dr. J. O. Gallwey, W.
F. Sawyer.
Forty-third Assembly District— Hull
McClaughry, R- T. McKisick. H. A. Con
rad. Charles S. Glvens. James Howard
Bridge, Dr. George M. TorriU.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— George
F. Callaghan, J. A. Devoto, Charles Mc-
Carthy. John Fay Sr.. L. V. Merle,
George Erimphoff, H. L. Rea.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— Francis
J. Collins, W. A. Sayers. William Grimm
Frank McDonald. C. N. Logan. L. Jenks.
THE HARNEY DELEGATION.
Twenty-eighth Assemoty District —
James Daley, John F. McGovern. Michael
Lane, F. R. Sweeney, William McManus
L. Buckley. John Coakley, John J. Allen
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— James
K. Colbert. Fred Russell, Michael Wall
Joseph Flanagan, Thomas F. Blake. Rob
ert O'Rielly. John A. Cullen, James J.
Farrell. Nicholas Fitzgerald, Charles
Kaufmann.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Thomas A.
Burns, Thomas Farrell T. Lynch, James
Kennedy, James Sullivan, William Robin
son, George Flannery, John Donovan,
Robert H. Rusch.
Thirty-tirst Assembly District— William
A. Asmussen, Joseph Goger, George A.
Love, John J. Lyons, William rfand,
Thomas Cavaney, Joseph F. Carrick,
John J. O'Connor, Captain James W.
Crowe, John Kearney, L,ouia Ficken.
Thirty-second Assembly District — James
Lucy, Daniel Cullen, James Devine, Pat
rick O'Donnell, Marc Brown, John P.
Devereaux, William Aiken.
Thirty-third Assembly District— Frank
Norton, P. J. O'Donnell, George B. God
frey, Thomas Healy, C. Dugan, E. H.
Dockery, John A. Holland, P. Struble,
John Stack.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— W. D.
Hynes, William Almon, James Mcc, D.
yon Staden, William Kramer, Matt
O'Urien, John Wiseman, John L. Herget,
James O'Connor, Ed Cusick, William
Holliday.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District-John
Tumeltv. P. J. Johnston, Henry Haake,
M. C. Brophey, John Carroll, John Ma
loney, James O'Halloran.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— James
Rennells, David Fleming, Luke Tierney,
Robert J. O'Rlelly, John Fennell, John
Kelly, James Manning. William Brittan,
P. J. Murray, J. Culllnane. Joe Cannon.
Thirty-seventh Assembly District—Ma
jor P. J. Harney. Dr. D. F. Ragan, W. H-
Dunn, Phil Gaffey. E. B. Young, T. F.
Brennan, John Carberry. T. W. Burke. I*
N. Hoefier. W. F. More, C. W. Buck.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— John
J. McGulre, John J. O'Brien, Ernest A.
Wettig. William Wolf, John P. Culley,
Thomas F. Clark, William I. Brobeck,
Frank McGinney, Charles R. Wilson.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— Dr.
William J. Gavigan, Edward Fogarty, Dr.,
I. W. O'Rourke, A. T. Vogelsang, Walter
Malloy, N. M. Benjamin, J. C. Bunner,
Harry M. Owens. John A. Fenton.
Fortieth Assembly District— Joseph Lait>-
Jr., John J. Lyons, Edward J. Gallagher, •
Joseph F. Farrell, James P. Hartnett, L !
L. Jacobi. Janfes P. Sheerin, Thomas Mar
tin, Isaiah Choynskl.
Forty-first Assembly District— John H.
Brickwedel, Solomon Jacobs, William P.
Humphreys Jr., Michael McCoy. John P.
Glynn, Frank Smith, Daniel Shea, H.
Clay Davis.
Forty-second Assembly District— Henry
A. Kiefer, Dan F. Gallagher, George J. |
Gonzalves Patrick J. Spillane, John A, j
Lynch, John Leary.
Forty-third Assembly Distrlct^Joha ,
Maguire, F. C. Taboas, Joseph Dobsyzsky,
David Van Glahn, Joseph J. Gottlob,
Frank Worthington.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— G. lac
cheri, J. A. Spinetti, Guido E. Caglierl, ,
John Bowen, J. Feeney, George Ryan,
James Rlley.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— Captain
John Foley, Colonel A. Andrews, Hugh,
Curran Sr., John B. Weller, C. W. Nevin,
John F. Hogan.
San Mateo County— John B. Kelly, Men-,
lo Park; James McCormick, Pescadero;,
Joseph Debenedetti, Halfmoon Bay; W. i
D. Crow. Redwood; Duncan Hayne, San'
Mateo; Patrick Brooks, Colma.
San Luis Obispo County— Spencer C. .
Records, Arroyo Grande; S. D. Arm
strong, San Luis ObiBno; Hans Peterson,
Templeton; Frank Grady, Edna; T. T.
Crittenden, E. C. Ivins, W. T. Scott, San
Luis Cbispo: J. H. Schmidt, Paso Robles;
M. F. Taylor, San Simeon; R. V. Bouldln.
San Luis Obispo; J. M. Taylor, Simmler.
Santa Barbara County— George Ruther
ford Jr., J. iv. Harrington, Augustine
Goux, Joseph F. Walsh. C. E. Latalllade,
Santa Barbara; Frederick Forbush, Mon
tecito, John Baillard. Carpenteria; W. H.
Akers, Montr-cito; John W. Robblns, San
ta Barbara; W. W. Broughton, Lompoc;
W. L. Adam, Santa Maria.
Santa Clara County— John A. Hicks, Ed
Coolidge, San Jnse: W. P. Veuve, Lo»
Gatos; A. R. Denike. V. A. Scheller,
Jackson Hatch. James MeKagney, San
Jose; J. B. O'Brien, Santa Clara; D. Bur
nett, H. H. Main, J. H. Henry, A. Cur
lin. L. C. Trailor, San Jose; Peter Ball,
Cupertino.; A. Dolpoeh, Lee Darneal, Los
Gatos; F. Baumgartner, O. D. Richard
son. Dr. P. M. Lusson G. Perano, San
Jose; I. J. Eagan, Stanford; A. A. Mar
tin, Gilroy: J. F. Adams, E. A. Crandall.
Gardner; J. J. McLaurin, J. H. Rucker,
S;:n Jose; Charle-s A. Englisn. Gardner.
Shasta County— Thomas B. Dozler.
Henry Clineschmidt, Charles H. Bray
nard, George Grotefend, Frank T. Chad
wick, Rufus Brain, Redding: C. J. Bed
ford. George F. Storey, Anderson; A. F.
Smith. Shingletown; R. S. Bancroft,
Bella Vista; J. E. Barber, Taylor.
Sierra County— Frank R. Weihe. W. O.
Peck, James Hagerty, J. R. Sinnott.
Sisklyou County— J. W. Mcßride, C. "W.
Nutting, Etna; James F. Qulnne. Treka;
Charles J. Luttrell, Fort Jones; Con
O'Donnell. Hawkinsville; H. B. Gillis,
Yreka: I. R. Wells, Dunsmulr; R. H. da
i Witt. Louis Nehbars, James F. Farraher.
Solano County— Richard Caverly. John j
T. Ryan, W. P. Sweeny and John E. Sey
mour.
Sonoma County— James w. Oates,
Dr J W. Jesse. Charles O. Dun
bar Ben S. Wood. Sr., A. D. Laugh
lin L. W. Juilliard, Santa Rosa; William
P Barnes. Fulton; Frank J. Pool, Wind
sor- T. J. Wi see arver. Geyserville: E. E.
Drees John P. Rodgers, Petaluma; J. W.
Seaweli, Healdsburg: John O'Hara, Penn
grove- J R. Miller, Healdsburg; John
O'Gradv, Freestone: J. B. Seaweli, Skag-s
Springs- J. C. Smith, Guerneville; Pat
rick Carroll. Bloomfleld; James W. Gib
son, Glen Ellen.
Stanislaus County— George R. Stewart.
Crows Landing: L. W. Fulkerth, Modes
to- D. E. Kelliher. Eugene; Dr. F. W.
Lowo. Knights Ferry; T. W. Donnelly,
Horr; James Berry. L. J. Maddux, Mo
desto; George H. Crow, Newman.
Sutter County— Homer Sankey, H. P.
Stabler. T. J. Kerrigan, K. S. Manoa,
L. P. Farmer.
Tehama County— Elmer Sisson, Teha
ma A. M. McCoy, Red Bluff; Thomas
Simmons, Tehama; A. L. Conrad J. J.
Wells Red Bluff; Asa Peake, Henley
ville; 'W. H. Marshall. Vina.
Tulare County-J. F. Boiler . C. B. Fair,
Dr J F. Dungan, E. W. Holland. D. M-
Adams. Harry Levinson. W. P. Boone, D.
V. Robinson. John W. Hewey F. P.
Haves. William H. Alford. Ben M. Mad
doxVc. L. Russell. G. S. Berry.
Tuolumne County— J. A. \an Harllngen,
M Sullivan. James Burns, M. H. Walsh.
J P. O'Brien, J. B. Doyle, George Beau
det, Joseph F. Farley.
Yolo County— Ben Chambers, W. H.
Robinson. Thomas Me Lain. T. S. Spauld
ing, J. B. Nixon, M. Diggs. C. W. Thomas,
W. E. Bates, S. J. Sill. E. E. Leake.
Yußa County— Homer Sankey, N. P.
Stabler, Y. T. Kerrigan, K. G. Manon.
ALIVE WITH POLITICIANS.
Gossip About the Chairmanship
Around the Hotels.
Every gust of wind seemed to blow
politicians into the hotel corridors last
night. From Mendocino and Humboldt,
San Diego and Tulare, the bourbon dele
gates collected and fought cut the pros
pective battle, the theater of which will
be Sacramento.
What seems to be the all-absorbing
topic among the southern delegates is the
fig.it over the chalrmahship. Mayor Syn
der of San Diego is working for I. B.
Dockweiler. George S. Patton. Doekwell
er's opponent, arrived last night and ha
will not throw up the sponge until an ad
verse decision is reached.
To-day at Sacramento the Los Angeles
delegates will hold a caucus to decide up
on their choice for the chairmanship. As
the other Southern representatives have
not advanced any candidate it is thought
that the support of this entire delegation
will be given the L.os Angeles delega
tion's choice. Whether it be Patton or
Dockweiler complete support from the
unsuccessful candidate to the choice of
the caucus seems assured.
George R Cole, the San Bernardino at
torney, who is out for the Democratic
nomination for Justice of the Supreme
Court, was around the California Hotel
yesterday afternoon, consulting with tho
managers 01 the convention and the dele
gates who were at the State Committee
headquarters*
Judge Hughes of San Diego, another as
pirant for judicial honors, was also siz
ing up the situation and preparing td
make his light before the convention.
Among other visitors at the headquar
ters were Congressman Castle of the Sev
enth Dl3trict and E. C. Farnsworth of
Vlfalia. The latter is also after the nom
ination for Judge of the Supreme Court.
MANWARING'S SUCCESSOR.
Members of the Republican County
Committee are now discussing the suc
cessor to the late chairman, Charles TV.
Manwaring. Out of respect to the mem
ory of their deceased fellow-member, the
eommltteemen refused to talk about his
successor until after the funeral, which
occurred yesterday.
T. D. Riordan. vice-chairman of the
committee, is mentioned as the probable
man for the vacant position. Mr. Rior
dan thinks his long service in the Re
publican party of this city should be rec
ognized an(J that he should be made
chairman and given charge of the work
of the municipal campaign which Is now
approaching. „, „
There is opposition to Mr. Riordan.
however. J. P. Ahearn. another well
known, hard working Republican, is a
candidate. Jack Chretien is also men
tioned as a possibility. If Rlordan is not
chosen two or three other gentlemen Will
announce their candidacy.
56
RIGHT BOWER
WINS THE STAKE
The Erratic Greyhound
Defeats Theron.
HE WAS A ONE TO TWO SHOT
BIT OF FASHION TAKES THE
SAPLING HONORS.
X V. Sullivan's Crack Youngster Pro
tested as Not Complying With
the Age Requirements of
That Class,
' ' The erratic Right Bower, who has
brought woe to the hearts of countless
bettors on local coursing fields, surprised
. the wise division at Union Coursing Park
yesterday. He won the final round of
the op"en stake handily with odds of 2 to
1 against him. He was hardly considered
a possibility for the stake In the earlier
rounds until he beat Cavalier, with odds
of 5 to 2 against him. In this he led a
' scant length to the hare, which he picked
up on the run.
He next retired Liberty Bell to the ken-
■ n< : !s, and then met Minneapolis. The
■Bower did all the work In the earlier
■ stages of the course. Minneapolis then
■ went In and the Bower played behind.
■ She killed too soon to offset the lead he
hud secured.
•The final brought the Bower and Theron
together in the hands of Slipper James
Wren. The betting opened with the
Bower a slight favorite, and changed
■ . gradually until it was 2 to 1 against him.
• The heavy bettors played Theron as a
• certainty on public form, while the pikers
■ and men who had watched the work of
the dogs during the day favored the fawn
. and white dog. The course was quickly
■decided. The Bower led from the slips,
and with hardly a swerve picked up the
. hare and killed, winning the stake.
In the sapling stake. Bit of Fashion,
owned by E. V. Sullivan, showed remark
able speed throughout. In all her races
• •be lea from five to ten lengths. In the
. final round she was pitted against Rol
licking Airs. A strong hare was released
and Bit of Fashion commenced to open
■ a gap at once. First she led by about
three lengths, which she gradually in
■. creased to ten. She worked the hare all
.' over the field, and hardly allowed her op
ponent an opportunity to score.
' Immediately after the course R. E. de B.
Lopez protested the winner on the ground
. that she was over twelve months of age,
which is the limit for saplings. Both
he and Mr. Sullivan were required to lodge
•$25 in the hands of the stewards until
the matter Is finally adjusted. Mr. Sulli
van bought Bit of Fashion recently and
accepted the pedigree offered by her for
mer owned. Volunteer, a full brother of
hers, won the sapling stake at Ingleside
a fortnight since, at which time no ques
tion of age w^s brought up.
The hares throughout the day were
good, many escaping. The weather w.as
"' favorable, the fog passing well above the
field. The results follow:
• -Open Ftake, second round— Russell & Wil
■on■ Jennie Wilson bent Derby kennel's Little
Dorrit; Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell beat
' Derby kennel's Mona; Curtis & Son's Cavalier
beat John Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh: Al Austin's
Douglas beat S. E. Portal's Luurelwood ; E. V.
•Sullivan's Jesse Moore beat R. Prlngle's
Gladys Pasha; H. E. de B. Lopez' Minneapolis
• "beat John Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; Thomas
McEldowney's Rapid beat Larkey & Rock's
Hercules; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair; Russell & Wilson's
• Glen Rosa a bye; George Whitney's Theron
beat D. Hooper's Bendalong: Larkey & Rock's
Minerva beat E. & R. Scott's Wlldftower: Pa
.. Blia kennel's entry beat J. J. Warren's Sweet
'Lips: R. K. de B. Lopez' Winona beat Russell
A Wilson's Victor Chief: M. Nealon'g Van
Knapp beat H. R. Baldwin's Grasphopp«r; E.
& R. Scott's Ivord r.yron a bye: Thomas Mc-
Eldowney's Right Bower beat Glenstone.
" Third round— Liberty Bell beat Jennie Wil
son; Right Bower beat Cavalier; Jesse Moore
a bye: Minneapolis beat Rapid: Mountain
Beauty beat Glen Rosa; Theron beat Minerva;
Metallic beat Winona; Van Knapp beat Lord
Byron .
Fourth round — Right Bower beat Liberty
Bell; Minneapolis beat Jesse Moore: Theron
beat Mountain Beauty; Metallic beat Van
Knapp.
Fifth round— Right Bower beat Minneapolis;
Themn boat Metallic.
Final— Right Bower beat Theron.
Sapling stake, second round — Pasha kennel's
Rollick Airs beat R. E. de B. Lopez" Santa
Ynez: B. Newman's Lady Garnet was beaten
by R. 1. de B. ■■;•.' Santa Ana; E. V. Sul
. livan's Hit of Fashion a bye.
Thin! round— Bit of Fashion beat Santa Ana,
•.Rollicking Airs a bye.
Final— Bit of Fashion Beat Rollicking Airs.
JOHNNIE B. WINS.
The Fleet Hound Wins the All-Aged
Stake at Ingleside Yesterday.
A crowd of between 6000 and 6000 people
at the IngK'slde Coursing- Park yes
terday and witnessed the victory of
Johnnie R In the all-aged stake.
During the day a number of surprises
were sprung on the betting talent, the
most important being the defeat of the
English dog- False Flatterer by the rank
outsider Rush o' Hill, the latter dog be
ing the short end In the long- odds book
at the tempting price of 100 to 1. Promise
Me was also a great surprise and showed
■wonderfully Improved form over his last
few performances, gaining a place in the
stake.
The sport throughout the day was close
and exciting, the decisions by Judge Grace
were just and promptly given, and should
the management still retain for some time
the possession of the coursing grounds
there should be no reason why we should
not see this winter a more succesful
coursing season than ever before. The
results of the rounds are as follows:
I. I*. Scars' Hot Stuff beat T. J. Mclnerney's
TlOßle It; J. Dean's Moondyne beat Handy &
Smith's Ida: E. V. Sullivan's False Flatterer
beat Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen; R. W.
Wyn»n'« Rush O' Hill ran a bye; Lynch &
Manor's Lottie W beat Handy & Smith's Vie
.tor; T. Hansen'a T. C. Conley beat D. Shan
non's Soubrette; F. Black's Occidental beat
J. McCormlck's "White Lily; W. Dalton's De
cency beat Gibson & Moore's Monitor; Kay &
Trent's Innlsfallen beat Larkey & Rock's
Peaceful Glen; A. Vanderbey's Hobson beat D.
Shannon's Swinnerton; W. H. O'Nell's Prom
ise Me beat J. H. I'erigo's Wayfarer; D. Hoop
er's Koo Lawn beat J. Cox's Mission Tip; G.
Burfind's Royal Prize beat D. Shannon's Sys
tematic; G. Smart's Silkwood beat N. Kerr's
Fireball; M. C. Delano's Daisy Hill beat J.
Strand's Newsboy; M. C. Delano's Trinket beat
B. Dougherty's Palmer Hill. Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle beat O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Obediah: Alfred
Hatch's Hadlwlst beat Deekelman & Panarlo'H
Glen Roy; D*v*ke!rnan & Panario's Old Glory
beat T. J. Cronin's ThornhlU; D. Kahn'»
Belle of Moscow beat Lark-?., & Rock's Em
erald; Kay & Trant's Crosapatch beat D.
Ford's Bonlta: T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R
beat Russell & Wilson's Lady Herßchel.
Second round— Hot Stuff beat Moondyne:
Hush o' Day beat False Flatterer; Lottie M
beat F. S. Conley: Occidental beat Decency;
Innlsfallen beat Hobson; Promise Me beat Koo
Lawn; Royal Prize beat Hllkwood; Myrtle beat
Daisy Hill; Hadiwlst ran a bye; Old Glory
beat Belle of Moscow; Johnny R beat Cross
patch. - . ,
. Third round— Moondyne beat Rush o" Hill:
Occidental beat Lottie M: Promise Me beat
Innlsfallen; Myrtle beat Royal Prize; Hadi
wlst beat Old Glory; Johnny R ran a bye.
Fourth round— Moondyne beat Occidental:
Promise Me beat Myrtle; Johnny R beat Hadl-
wist.
F.lfth round— Johnny R beat Moondyna;
Promise Me ran a bye.
Final— Johnny X beat Promise Me.
NURSES FOR MANILA.
The Government at Last Authorizes
the Dispatch of Six.
The State Red Cross Society, through
Mrs. W. B. Harrinjfton, president, was
Informed on Baturday that the Govern
ment would recognize the dispatching of
Red Cross nurses to Manila and six were
told to hold themselves In readiness to
sail on the Arizona. At the last moment
orders came countermanding the sailing
of the transport and the six devotea
nurses are now in the balance— ready to
go If wanted or to stay at h»me.
Various amounts were paid into the
treasury on Saturday: for the Red Croßß,
$22 60; people of Forbestown, $60; more
Ked Cross. $8 60; Alt. Diablo No. 188, For
esters of America, $21 25.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm tea
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
A HARD LIFE
ON THE SYDNEY
Soldier Boys Given Only
Two Meals a Day.
WERE NEARLY HALF STARVED
HABD TACK AND DECAYED
CANNED GOODS.
The Transport's Hospital Crowded
Throughout the Voyage and
"the Brig Never With
out a Prisoner.
The Mall Company's steamer City of
Sydney would have reached port early
Saturday had not her steering gear i
broken. She was going at a good clip
when the accident i.appened. and the en
gines had to be stopped until repairs were
j made. The soldiers who went to Manila
i on the Sydney had a terrible time of it.
j The least Blip was punished with twenty- j
, four hours In the brig, and' what that |
meant in the tropics can hardly be imag
ined. The prisoners must have suffered
i horribly. The water was so hot that It
! could hardly be drunk, and such a thing
! as Ice was never heard of outside the of
llcers' mess.
The soldier boys only got two meals a
day on the Sydney. The Ilrst, composed
of "hard tack and coffee, was served at
7:30 a. m.. and the second, of "hard tack,"
corned beef and coffee, was served at 5 !
! p. m. Toward the latter part of the voy- !
' age all the canned provisions became :
I "blown" by the heat, and the commie- i
i sariat had to doctor the stuff so as to j
i take away the smell before It was served ;
■ out to the men. During the entire trip
I the hospital was always full, and when •.
! the vessel reached Manila half the sol- ;
• dlers were on the sick list.
The gunboat Bennington arrived from i
! Puget Bound yesterday. Captain Moser, j
' who Is In command, is to proceed to San i
i Jose do Guatemala to join the Albatross ;
i on that station.
The American ship Florence lost one
I of her crew overboard during the voyage
Ito San Francisco. On April 7 H. Presoott
' went out of his mind and, jumping over*
■ board, was drowned.
The bark Agate has reached port after
i a long passage of 177 days from New ;
' York. She brought out thirty-one male
and two female Klondikers. They are ,
■ not quite as eager as they were five
months ago to reach the land of gold.
The bark Invercauld had a rough pass
' age from Cardiff. On April 15 some seas
broke overboard that did considerable
; damage, besides spoiling all the fresh i
! water. On June 4 the steering gear car- i
rled away, and it took gome time to repair j
■ the damage. The accident happened while !
the crew was wearing ship.
The overdue bark General Falrchlld ar
■■■ rived from Newcastle, N. S. W., yester- j
■ day. The long pasage was due to light i
I winds and calms. Five per cent relnaur
1 ance was paid on the Falrchlld's cargo.
IMPRESSIVE FUNERAL
OF C. W. MANWARING
CEREMONIES HELD AT THI
MASONIC TEMPLE.
Many Prominent Masons and Politi
cians Present — Eloquent Eulogy
by Charles Bundschu.
The funeral of the late Charles W. Man
' waring, for many years chairman of the
i Republican County Commltee and mem
ber of the Republican State Central Com
mittee, was held yesterday afternoon
from King Solomon Hall, Masonic Ter
n pie. The attendance was large and
aside from personal friends and relatives
included a prominent delegation from
i Scottish Rites L-odpe in full regalia, the
Pacific Lodge F. and A. M., of which de
ceased was a member, and the Republl-
I can County Committee. The obsequies
1 were conducted under the auspices of the
Pacific Lodge, with \V. K. Lutz as acting
master of ceremonies.
The ceremonial remarks by the latter
. were very touching and were followed
by an eloquent eulogy delivered by
i Charles BundschU, for whom the deceas
ed had acted as confidential clerk and ac
countant for the past fifteen years. He
spoke of the dead man's sterling qualitiea
as a man and friend, his business abtli
i ties and his unusual success and loyalty
lln matters political. Mr. Bundschu'a
panegyric was ?o earnest, heartfelt and
, appropriate that it brought tears to the
I eyes of many of those assembled.
Muplc was furniFhed by the Masonic
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
— of THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
Frankfort Marine and Accident
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF FRANKFORT. GERMANY, ON THE
Slst day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
810 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $312,500 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $42,600 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 644,575 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 450,959 43
Cas.'i in company's office 12,900 94
Cash In banks 182.317 25
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1,003 30
Premiums In due course of collection 63,233 54
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 255,832 93
Total assets $1,653,32149
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $151,346 50
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent 22,734 74
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 17,013 88
Liability under other departments... 299,632 50
Pension fund 11,458 43
All other demands against the com-
pany 424.443 82
Total liabilities $926,629 92
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums ...' $417,015 82
Received for premiums in other
branches 712,821 98
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
■11 other sources 81.62*21
Received from all other sources 142,042 52'
Total Income $1,308,603 62
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses.. $."531,101 54
Dividends to stockholders C 2.500 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 151,828 17
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc.... 48,549 84
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 5, 599 44
All other payments and expenditures 546,933 OS
Paid for losses in branches other
than marine 156,995 96
Total expenditures $1,803,508 53
F. GERSON, President.
P. DUMCKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 4th
day of April, 1898. FRANK H. MASON,
United States Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
204-208 SAN6OME STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. ,
THE SAN FHAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
quartet, composed of Messrs. Mayer,
Ogilvie, Fleming and Jones. The pall
bearers were: From Pacific Lodge, J. P.
Kinkade. Bernard Speier, Captain John
Tuttle, and Secretary of State Brown;
from Scottish Rites Lodge, C. W. Conlisk
and F. B. Ladd; from the Foresters, E.
H. Seymour and J. H. Mahan; from the
Republican County Committee, A. David
son and *. Prendergast; from the Bears
Club. H. C. Truman and E. L. Head: also
Charles Bundschu and H. Gundlach, in
timate friends.
The floral offerings were many and
elaborate, including magnificent Masonic
emblems, a broken wheel and column.
The most oeautiful piece was a large
American flag composed of flowers, the
stars being tube-roses and the whole
draped in crape. This was th« tribute
from his friends in the organization of
which he was so long chairman.
The remains were temporarily laid to
rest In the receiving vault at Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery and will finally be In
terred beside those of the father of de
ceased at Napa.
WILL RACE THE TROTTERS.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Asso
ciation to Hold a Racing
Meeting.
The members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association held a meeting last
night at 1200 Market street for the pur
pose of making arrangements for hold
ing trotting and pacing races on Admis
sion Day, September 9.
E. Aigeltinger presided and about sixty
well-known local horsemen were present.
The meeting was quite enthusiastic
and many applications for membership
were presented and referred to the com
mittee on Investigation.
It is a rule of the association that only
members can enter horses at the biennial
meetings, and the animals must be driven
by their owners.
The object of the meeting is simply so
ciability and an opportunity to prove
which of the gentlemen drivers who ap
pear dally in the park owns the best
norse. , 
The proceeds of the sale of privileges
etc., will go as heretofore, for the im
provement of the speed track in Golden
Gate Park.
After considerable discussion It was de
cided to hold the meeting at the Ingle
side track, on September 9 and 10, as,
owing to the numerous entries already
guaranteed. It would be impo3lble to
pull the races off in one afternoon.
E. Aigeltinger, F. O'Kane and Dr. Dal
zell were chosen a committee on track,
and C. Capp, Dr. Dalzell and F. W.
Thompson were appointed to look after
the printing. _ _
J. C. Kirkpatrick, J. Chesley, E. Stew
art and F. O'Kane were appointed a com
mittee on arrangements and to attend to
the disposal of the privileges.
It was decided that the purses offered
would amount to $90 to be divided be
tween the first, second and third horses
in each race.
Camera Club Exhibition.
The California Camera Club will gfive
an exhibition at the clubrooma to-mor
row evening, using slides from the Rock
ford Camera Club.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY CURE MEN.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have
>|gs2i<2ga?a&^ been a success for sev-
<^^^ Sf^^'^&i enteen years. They have
iSiwi? tne largest and best
vSelw iW equipped institution on
V^Sf _au_ jigi* the coast for treating
ifSWf *5iSlWB?\ ailments of men. All-
Vfß a!*** «D ments recently contract-
\"< X I y fsr ed or those which have
\<foV I /fTW^st become dangerous from
frl'i. •< r ,*ynfl had treatment or ne-
-. i^filV^-^rr Klect are Quickly and
*& VS' Vv I ''3i <* permanently cured by
WJs?*Wl&s&& I>r - Meyers & Co.
V^^fvSJ^EjS^^ Victims of nervous de-
/^fTNSrJQuNIfcS Mllty, partial or eom-
'* Tifarl^W plete loss of vital power,
drains, losses, etc., which have been brought
on by excesses, indiscretions, overwork, worry,
etc., quickly and permanently restored to per-
fect manhood.
No Pay Till Cared— Consultation Free.
You take no chances in treating with Dr.
Meyers & Co. They will not only make you
sound and well, but you may keep your money
until you are permanently cured. Dr. Meyers
& Co.'s dealings with patients, either at office
or by mall, are sacredly confidential.
While a personal Interview is preferable,
thousands are cured without seeing the doc-
tons. Sufferers who cannot visit the city or
call on a part of the staff when they make their
regular monthly visits to Interior towns should
write for private book for men. free treatise
on any Disease, symptom blank* and advice —
all free.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
T1I r C rirviTAD Hours. Bto 12 daily.
TAKE ELEVATOR Evening* 7 to 8.
Sundays, 9 to 11.
Chartered 1818.
SX/VTETVVErNT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetta, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 010 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per. blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $525,23150
Amount of leans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 35,000 00
Cash In company's office 2,222 82
Cash In banks 37,47166
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,367 85
Premiums in due course of collection 41,968 40
Total assets $624,262 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $9,466 53
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense .-. 22,96107
Gross premiums on fire risks, run-
ning one year or less, $150,762 31;
reinsurance CO per cent 75,381 18
Oross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $101,763 C 3;
reinsurance pro rata 46,010 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc , 2,23170
All other demands against the com-
pany 16,559 71
Total liabilities $172,630 32
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $167,422 49
Received for interest and dividends .'"•■;,■
1 on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 22,748 00
Total income $190 170 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $25,384 28, losses of previous
years) $$5.957 46
Dividends to stockholders... 18,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 34,681 48
Paid for salaries, fees and other •
charges for officers, clerks, etc..:. 20,300 75
Paid lor State, national and local
taxes ; 6,62132
All other payments and expenditures 12,541 97
Total expenditures . $178.1 S2 98
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year...... $91,463 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $22,071,177 $238,609 80
Net amount of risks »x-
pired during the year.. 23,631,697 858,932 64
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 , 22,522.311 252,525 94
FRANCIS PEA BODY. President.
, HENRY S. BEAN, Secretary. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January. 1898.
OEO. M. AMERIOE, Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents for the Pacific Coast,
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN CISCO. ■ ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ___,_
| CITYOF |j| PARIS I
f DRY GOODS COMPANY, 9
j COLORED DRESS GOODS I
I FALL 1898. I
I New Opening of New Goods!
f We have just received 20 cases of the very latest Weaves, ( "
I which we will place on sale on MONDAY, August 15th, among T
I which are the following: I
® 45 pieces 54-Inch SATIN "VENETIAN" CLOTH, a beautiful fabric, ©
I manufactured expressly for the City of Paris. 22 NEW SHADES, v;/- A
I 40 pieces 56-inch CAMEL'S HAIR CHEVIOTS in new and serviceable ef- T
® feet. A large variety of colorings. v
® 22 pieces 58-inch DOUBLE FACED MATERIALS for GOLF CAPES; ©
X plain surface, Scotch plaid back, very swell. fa
T 25 handsome DRESS PATTERNS in illuminated MATELASSE EF- T
® FECTS; very rich and exclusive. ®
I COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. 1
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
® Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. <S>
I UNION SQUARE. (i)
. < <SSSEraLV'^ a^CAEMOER United States Branch.
f^S^^3 TUMOR STATEMENT
3 J tfm kl n-°n -° knife or pain — 0F the
UHP^ Z^ CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
V*mß^ty*W&*p4 breast Is cancer. The ]»»1- vUINI/lllUiX AiM U Af T AIIID
feß3lS%«t3' i&i ''&' t rti ecn Q u ' ii < :kI y cc 0 * 14 1 " luni -
|j*W^§trf*S.-2S3w P !t - Iflargoitls too lute. __niri rratr
I^)t^«{*E&^«^. Wen's face and Up a com- <-»J) i. lit,
J@ym&LSE&if"l&': i] I eo-PAGB BOOK fent tree rjr^ lIWT f^ |\T g~* » A
R «Tb ijT >y J iwithhundredsoraddrosßes X B 1 B I i# I I^.l I Tl /%
lB^ [ j^ > ->»'- y^tffPJ \>f honest cures. No Fraud. 11l V-/ IXll^l vJI/\
S. R.CHAMLEY, M. 0., 17 & I7THIHD ST.. N'R MARKET ST.
SENDTO SOME ONE WITH CANCER INSURANCE COMPANY
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRANDE
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Week of August 15, 1898. Exceptional produc-
tion of the great melodrama.
WORK AND WAGES
A Thrilling Story of Love, Labor and Capital.
New Scenery! Startling Effects!
SEE The Langford Steel Works.
Special Entrapment of the Clever Comedian,
H. G. HOCKEY, and the Dainty Soubrette,
MARION HOCKEY. <"- ■ ■ »■•«■--- ~ ~-
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Krellng.Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT, at 7:50 o'clock, and every evening
this week, elaborate production of Wagner's
Celebrated Music-Drama,
"LOHENGRIN."
Splendid cant— Enlarged chorus— Augmented
Orchestra at 30.
Grand Saturday Matinee at 1:30 p. m., "LO-
HENGRIN."
Next Week, "LA GIOCONDA."
Popular prices. 2Sc and 00c. N. P.— A re-
served seat for the Matinee, 2lc. Telephone,
Buah 3. ___^
PRONOUNCED SUCCESS OF
MME. TAVARY, World-Famous I'rima Donna.
The Hegelmanna, Europe's Greatest Aerial-
Ists; Bonnie Thornton, the Dresden Doll; Grant
& Norton, refined comedy sketch; Mcßride &
Goodrich, clok dances and Bongs; Lillian Burk-
hart and company. In a new sketch, "A Pass-
ing Fa ii '*>■": James Thornton, new songs and
satire: O'Brien & Buckley, musical comlques;
the Ma. lit' Sisters, thrilling wire act.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, lOo; opera
chairs and box seats. 60c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturady and Sunday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Great Revival— Originals in Cast.
The FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Augmented and presenting the famous
"TRILBY."
The dramatization of Dv Maurier'a Novel.
BALDWIN THEATER reopens NEXT MON-
DAY—HENRY MILLER in "HEARTSEASE."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Last Week Bat One— LEWIS MORRISON.
TO-NIGHT AND w-r^ /•% f IOX I
TO-MORROW r^r-Tkl^JC^ 1 •
we t day MASTER OF CEREMONIES
y FREDERICK THE GREAT
Saturday Matinee and Saturday and' Sunday
Nights. "YORICK'S LOVE."
CENTRAL PARK
Market and Eighth Streets.
LARY'S 810 SPECTACULAR DISPLAY,
THE
BATTLE
OF"
MANILA
BS9DBB O P F IV 5h ■HBBH
SATURDAY. AUG. 20, at 8:30 p. m.
A .$40,000 PRODUCTION.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL
IN THE FREE \ THEATER.
EDWIN R. LANG, the "Poetical Tramp";
DOUGLASS AND FORD. DICK MACK. EL
NIDO EDI7X", MASON AND REED, and BELL
AND DALTON.
-AN ALLIGATOR IS IN THE ZOO!
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, go.
HI VMDII Eddy, cor. . Mason— Greatest Free
ULlillrlAshow in America. .ROYAL TOKIO
ACROBATIC WONDERS, Japan's most Skilled
Balancers, Jugglers and Acrobats; DARHKLL
& MILLER, ROCKWELL, ■ ROYCE SISTERB
and others. Admission free. " Matinee Sunday.
SUTROJBATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p.' m ;
ADMISSION lOc - - - '-CHILDREN 5o
; *><übui«, ' with admission, \ Zso; ciuiurea. 30« i ,
' :■■ ■ *.••■. ■ ■ . . '■ ■ ••-. ■ . .■ .. ■-.. .■.-'•'■ . '■/;- i <'-■> ■' ■. , * •; ■-■ ■'. *
OF ERFURT. GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $396,180 00
Caeh In company's office 91 01
Cash in banks 82,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 2,166 67
Premiums In due course of collection 109,003 87
Total assets $539,44155
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 23,589 56
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,134 90
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $304.693 43;
reinsurance 60 per cent 152,346 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning m"re than one year, $95,282 04;
reinsurance pro rata 75.203 47
All other demands against the com-
. pany ...,„....,... 28,711
Total liabilities $255,986 18
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $266,030 92
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 10,000 00
Total Income $376.030 92
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $1,304 74, losses of previous
years) $107,460 73
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 105,4:8 25
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 21,310 70
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 6.710 1.1
All other payments and expenditures 107,747 54
Total expenditures $348,657 36
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $129,745 53
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $44,519,941 $597,709 70
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 19,590,070 257.446 12
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 30.364.6151 399,075-47
F. G. VOSS, United States Manager.
Subscribed end sworn to before me this ISth
day of January, IS9B. MARK A. FOOTE,
Commissioner for California In Chicago.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
204-208 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Beware of Imitations
ul o4 G^ c &
WrcestcrtfiireKf)
JOHN DUNC/N'S SONS, ARtNTa, NEW YORK.
jtmSSgt^ PBOTOGSAPHXD THE NEW
f^Mia Jwisai^* 1 c&cypu
THE D ABOVE RESULTS.W Day. "*$i&&B&
It quickly and surely re- _. "SliaJ***
moves Nervqusness, Irunotency, I BQUiDay.
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams, i
Wasting diseases and all effects of self-abuse ox
excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Waids off Insanity
and consumption. Cures when all others fall. Insist
on having VITAXIS. no other. Can be carried In
the vest pocket. By mail $1.00 per package or six
for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or Refund
the Money. Circular Free. Address ■
CALUMET MEDICINE CO., CHICAGO, ILL
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F.. and Oakland.
\A7. T. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTOBNBY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua SpreckeU Bids.
• . •'' Telephone Brown 911. ■■< •
Residence, 021 California at, below ' Powell.
San Francisco.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending narm and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel,
Elegantly Furnish9d,
Lighted by Bleotrioity.
! THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has no rival In variety and me-
1 dicinal properties of its Mineral Waters, its in-
vigorating Plunge, Hot or Cold Mineral Baths,
Climate or Scenery.
Physician in attendance. Deer and Small
Game plentiful.
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland. $3; via Calistoga, $9. Fall
season hotel rates, $10 and $12 per week.
For further information address ■".->•* ■■■■■'■■
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Lake Co., Cal.
Or see, in San Francisco,
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery St.
SANTA . .
/J^S CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND ar' splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
. Open July . L Splendid arrangement (or
i campers.
Full Information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring st. Los Angeles, Cal.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gatos; 6 months roundtrip ticket, $4, or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank, 150X75
feet, and other Improvements. :
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OP NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. *
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 per
day. y R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
Alf 1 AA A HOT SFBrNGS, Sonoma Co.
■ A 111 111 *% hours from S. F. and
, Vlinw W but 9 miles staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
lin State; telephone; telegraph; daily mall;
I FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $3 50;
take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference, any
guest of the past three years. J. F. MUL-
GREW, Proprietor.
T ft^J fUTTT TrfK WARM springs.
JLUO UUll-iIUUO Kenwood, 8onom» Co.,
On the bank of Sonoma Creek. An unrivaled
place for quiet rest. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms. SI per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent or
cottage. For particulars address MRS. P. T
M. WATE, Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Office, city.
HOWARD pE?AH P.a,
11V TT Zfz LAKECOUNtV
Accommodations unsurpassed. -
Rates $8. $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Paclflo office, 613
Market street.
Address ; MRS. R. J. BETCBY
Mr. Wilson : I knew an Ohio farmer rameti Enochs. H©
•was about fifty years old and was bothered for years with some
trouble the doctors didn't understand. He told me the story
himself. "I kept getting weaker," said he, "and fairry got so
weak my food done me no good, what little I did eat, and I
went from 135 pounds down to 98." It was the druggist who
suggested that he try Ripans Tabules, and he says that he had
not used a dozen of them before he felt much better, and after
6 month he was cured sound and well, and m less than a year
weighed 1 50 pounds. For a long tkne he had a ba<l» color, but
(to-day his complexion Js asjjood 33 min^
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER .....Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED .
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURH
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINQ3.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of ' mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class:
table good. Round trip, $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN. ____
FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS.
CAMP MEEKER L so crte rt *££!£
the Giant Redwoods of Sonoma County. Boat-
ing, bathing and tent grounds free; fine fish-
ing; climate perfect. Board and lodging, $o 50
and $6; unfurnished rooms, $1 per week. Train
stops at camp. Via Sau6allto ferry, round trip.
$3; good for ninety days.
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, LIVER.
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs, Laka
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R., $3. Terms,
IS to $10 per week.
W. R. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
M A rfcDAIVF MINERAL SPRINGS,
iTI/*.L#rCUrNI_L Santa Clara County. A
first-class mountain health resort. Elevation,
2200 feet. Cures asthma, Indigestion and kid-
ney troubles. Terms, $9 and ?10 per week.
Stage connects with morning trains at Madrona
Monday, "Wednesday and Saturday.
JAMES CARTER. Manager.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery: mountain walks; purs
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena, Cal.
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS, Sonoma County. Open
all year; N. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives,
croquet, billiards, etc; excellent table. Terms,
$S to $12 a week. PETER BICKELS. Proprie-
tor, or I. E. THAYEH. 28 California street.
SPRING VALE RANCH.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. Hunting and fishing. Fresh fiult. Table
first-class. Free bus. "Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB CO.. Soquel. Cal.
DR.MCMJLTYT
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
Specialist cures Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men onlxj. Book on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesofilen.free. OverSOyearVexperi.
ence. Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable.
Hours9to3daily;6::«)to?:3oev'gs. Bandar* 10 to 12.
Consultation sacredly private. Call, or address
Dr. P. KOSCOE 3IcXUIjTY,
««UC Kearny Ht., San Francisco, Cal.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BIG BUTTLE
TO BE FOUGHT
WEDNESDAY
Metcalf or Hilborn for
Congress.
HEAVY VOTE iS EXPECTED
HOW PARDEE CARRIED THE
COUNTY PRIMARY,
. Hereafter Every Candidate Will
Seek the Solid Support of
the Flourishing "Pon
';•.. •'".. dinks." . • '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Aug. 14.
Although Alameda County held a pretty
lively primary yesterday it can hardly
bo supposed that it will not be exceeded
In "life" by the pr^at battle programmed
for next Wednesday. As between the
Pardee-Davis contest and the Metcalf-
Hilborn, the conditions are somewhat dif-
THE PRINCIPALS IN THE BATTLE FOR CONGRESS
Dr. Pardee has. for some years,
i . . -of the local
; :1 machinery, while Mr. Davis has
not been heard ol ■ local politics
Binee he was Mayor many years ago. Mr.
Hilborn has had an organization for many
years and has used it with success on
many occasions. Mr. Metcalf, though
known all over the county, only com
menced to organize a few months ago and
has rapidly ■ : a plan of < ampaign
that has proved a great surprise to his
tfrieji.ls. While Mr. Hilborn was rather
complacently laying back on his oars and
relying on recounting his past career and
lecturing on the navy, Mr. Metcalf and
his army of friends were actively making
b. canvass on the direct Issue. While Mr.
Hilborn was at Washington his friends
here practically did nothing for him.
Most of them had received Federal re
wards for fealty to him in the past and
their hands were tied. Then the retire
ment from active politics a year ago of
hls : gnat friend and former supporter,
frank A. Leach, helped further to dis
integrate Mr. Hilborn's old support.
The. shrewdest politicians are saying to
day that the victory of l'ardee presages
a Victory for Metcalf, and If appearances
are not more than usually deceptive the
prophecy will prove to be true. During
the last few days of tho primary cam
paign that ended yesterday it was very
evident that practically the saai'*organi
zation was working for both* Paidee and
Metcalf, and while it is, perhaps, not to
be expected that Metcalf s victory will bf>
as sweeping as that of Dr. Pardee his
hardest workers declare with marked con
fidence that he will secure enough votes
to nominate in Alameda County. He can
dq this and still leave a handfull for Mr
Hilborn. There are 112 delegates to the
resaional convention, and of these
Aluineda sends sixty-eight, which is
-eleven more than is necessary for a
choice. The claims of Mr. Hllborn's
friends are strongest in regard to the
Forty-sixth Assembly District. This <lis
t-rk-t includes the Hay wards, Livermore
aird Centerville districts, but only sends
ufric delegates, so that should Air. Met
calf-lose this he would still have two
: i spare.
jr's vote was not a large one
for a Republican primary preceded by
a long campaign. It was small
oompared to the Frick-Hilborn primar"
of two years ago. Yesterday :*731
Ist, Two years ago nearly
14,000- voted at the primaries.
The. result of yesterday's primary was
a. surprise to many. more politicians than
will admit it. The value of organization
trap*-' proved. To put it as one of Mr.
'Davis-' friends expressed the situation
last night, "The opposition to Pardee did
too much -talking and too little working."
It was an object lesson in practical poli
tics.. Alameda County has during the
.past four years developed into a "young
man. 8 county." The old method of allow
ing t.h. ir elders to do all the thinking
In politics has passed, and the young men
appear to have everything their own
way. . Dr. Pardee corraled most of the
■ «"uve. youns Republicans of the county.
He worked with them and through them,
and .rilled the county with their enthu
■•m£i \ ?lanv? lanv of them. it is true, are
grace-holders Raking nominations, but
as each Ji.as given a commendable admin
istration to their constituents there can
ue- no objection to this. On the other
band Mr.. Davis made a campaign that
might- have won two years ago when
there -was not such a demand for politi
cal- enthusiasm as at present. It was
too .staid and perhaps not "broad"
*»»ou,gh.
..>«• "doctor" went where, met
everybody, avoided dangerous contro
vers-ies and made a campaign on his
standing of to-day, discreetly ignoring
any issue that he considered dead. All
kinds of stories are bring told about the
manner, in which the primaries were con
ducted, but as there la no primary law
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
any discussion on that point must neces
sarily be superfluous.
The story of yesterday was really told
In this paper several months ago, when
it startled Oakland of publishing the fact
that Frank Leach's paper, then support
ing Davis, had been purchased in the
interests of Dr. Pardee's gubernatorial
candidacy.
.sow a word about the Pondirky Club
that did such good service at the prima
ries for Dr. Pardee. The "Pondinks," as
the members call themselves, appear at
present to be the stronghold of the Re
publican party In this county. Two years
ago, the club was organized in a little
cigar store on Ban Pablo avenue mainly
for the purpose of supporting Sam P. Hall
for Superior Judge. Their purpose was
gained and It was thought that the club,
which at Its inception was regarded as
somewhat of a Joke on account of Its
name, would share the fate of a piece
club after election. This was not the
case. Like waterfront litigation, it grew
and grew and Bert Swan and Al Williams
and a hundred others found that they had
something on their hands that was new
and not anxious to die. The club encour
aged candidates and condldates encour
aged the club, and I believe that to-day
that one club can control 2000 votes. It is
vastly superior to the ordinary ward
clubs, because it knows no geographical
boundaries. Its hundreds of members can
go anywhere without trespassing and there
are enough of them to enthuse a political
Klondike. In fact, judging by yesterday's
primaries, not to bo "in" with the Pon
dinks Is to be "out of it."
STUART W. BOOTH.
CUT HIS THROAT.
An Unknown Elderly Man Ends His
Life With a Razor.
OAKLAND. Aug. 14.— An unknown el
derly man cut his throat from ear to ear
with a razor early this morning in a barn
on the May ranch on the Decota road
south of Hay wards. He had called at the
ranch and asked to be given the privilege
to sleep in the barn. This? was granted,
and this morning he complained to one or
the hired men on the place of feeling
bad. He said he wished some one would
put him out of the way or he would kill
himself.
The hired man did not place much im
portance In his threat and left him, but
when hi' returned about an hour, later
he found the old man had cut his throat
with a razor and was dead.
Deceased had the appearance of being
about 8u years of age. He was unshaven
and poorly dressed.
A Cause of Diphtheria-
BERKELEY, Au?. 14.— At the last meet-
Ing of the Board of Trustees, Health Offi
cer Rowell reported that the cases of
diphtheria, now prevalent in the region
of Eighth street and Charming way,
! were due to the wretched sanitary condi
tions of the houses in that district, the
I residents having no facilities for dispos
ing of sewage. At his recommendation
the board has ordered the construction of
a sewer on Eighth street from Dwight
way north to within XX) feet of 'Channing
: way. Th<? work will be pushed as rapid
ly as possible. One death has already
been reported.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Aug. 14.— Dr. John Fryer,
'■ professor of Oriental languages In the
University of California, returned to-day
i from a three-months' stay in China.
LEFT HOMES IN MISERY.
Mrs. Martha Allen and Martin Bowers
Desert Their Families.
Th<» -water front has Its stories of domestic Infelicity as wen as the
aristocratic portions of the city. In many of the latter cases money
salves the wounds, but In the majority of others the cup has to be drunk
to the dregs.
As the result of one runaway, aman and a woman are happy forthetime
being, while two homes are wrecked and six people are miserable. Of the
latter four are children not yet old enough to fully realize their loss and
their parent's shame.
Gilbert Allen, now employed on the United States transport Arizona,
and hie wife Martha and their two children, lived at 45 Dohono street.'
Martin Bowers, a carpenter and bridge builder, now working 1 for James
McMahon at Salinas, up to a few days ago lived with his wife and two
children in the -Mission. Bowers and Mrs. Allen became acquainted and
friendship Boon ripened into love. Allen, according to his wife, was too
much givi:n to grumbling and she had to go to Bowers for sympnthy.
The upshot of it was that she left h^r husband and children, Bowers de
serted his family and both are now living at Salinas, where they can enloy
each Others' company undisturbed. The woman has all Allen's furniture
and personal effects as well as the children's clothen stored on Mission
t In the name of 1.,. Powers. Mrs. Bowers is In even a worse predica
ment, as she has her two children to support and does not know how to
do it.
"My wife was old enough to know better," said Allen when talking
about the matter on Folßom-street wharf yesterday. "We have been
married eleven years and our children are 8 and 6 years old. We got
along all right, although she called me a grumbler. She had over $500 of
my money Bared up. I believe, and that she took along with her.
"Everything was going along v usual when I Wt for Portland last
February. Twice I sent her money with whfch to pay the bills and then
my letters wore returned unanswered. About the middle of May I left
the American ship George Stetson and came back to the city. I found my
wife had moved to 114 Langdon street and Bowers was living with her.
The fellow actually had the gall to ask me home to supper in my own
house. For the sake of the children I forgave everything and Bowers
cleared out. While I was at the ferries getting my trunk my wife took
the children and went to the Brunswick Hotel. I waited around for two
days before I found where she was and then she told me the youngest
child was sick and that she would live with me again If I would behave
myself.
"Well, she came back and I said, 'Martha, let bygones be bygones and
make a fresh start. Let's store our furniture and go to Portland and
stay all summer with your mother.' She agreed to do this and as soon as
our little one was better we stored our goods at Wilson's on Market street
and we all went to Portland. She stayed with us there just one week and
then she came back to San Francisco and rejoined Bowers. When I came
to the city it took me a month and three days to find them. They had
taken my furniture out of the warehouse and were living as man and wife
at 304 A Bryant street. When they heard I was on their track they broke
up the house and stored the furniture at 1145 Mission street in the
name of U Powers.
"I have seen my wife since then and told her she can keep the furni
ture it she will only give me my personal effects and the children's
clothes. This she refuses to do and I suppose I will have to go into the
courts to compel her. She is now living at Salinas and Bowers visits her
from Saturday to Monday. Bowers' brother is helping the deserted woman
in the case, I believe."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
MR, DALTON
TO EXPLAIN
City Equalizers Have a
Few Questions to Ask.
BROSNAHAN IS SUSPICIOUS
A DEMOCRATIC MEMBER SEES
TOO MUCH POLITICS*
Street Railroad Matters Will Fur
nish a Lively Session
on Next Tuesday
Night.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 • Broadway, Aug. 13.
Next Tuesday evening: the City Council
fitting as a Board of Equalization, will
take up the matter of the street railroad
; assessments. There have been several
! changes made by the County Assessor
\ since last year, and Councilman Watkln
j son claims that many of the reductions
! are entirely unwarranted.
Councilman Brosnahan openly charges
that the reductions were made by Mr.
Dalton for political effect, and next Tues-
day evening the Assessor will appear and
make his own explanations.
Councilman Heitman is inclined to be
very sarcastic regarding the position of
the City Board of Equalization, the City
Auditor and the assesment roll. Mr. Snow
is both Assessor and Auditor, and the
charter provides that he shall not make
an independent city assessment but shall
accept the <'ounty Assessor's figures.
Notwithstanding this, both city and coun
ty governments sit as Boards of Equali
zation and separately pass upon the as
sessments. This dual work always leads
to trouble.
Mr. Snow being Auditor as well as As
sessor, has the authority to take from the
roll property that should not be there,
because of its having been once assessed.
On this ground, he has positively refused
to obey the resolution of the Council
pasßed last night to put the Seventh-street
local line on the assessment roll because
it is already assessed by the State Board
of Equalization, and he has been served
with n certified copy of such facts by
State Controller Colgan. Mr. Heitman be
lieves that all the work of the city equal
izers might be offset in the same manner,
and he declares that the work of equaliz
ing is simply a farce.
Councilman Pringle, who is a candi
date for the Assembly, takes Issue with
Mr. Snow, and says that the matter is
one for the courts to decide, and that he
favors the property going on the roll for
the purpose of getting a Judicial decision
on the point which has been fought over
annually In this city since the railroad
was built.
The Board of Equalization can only sit
next Tuesday and Wednesday evenings
before its life expires, and both sessions
are likely to be lively ones.
An effort will be made to increase the
assessment of the Haywards electric road,
and this is partly due to a feeling of bit
terness against the road on account of Its
position m regard to certain street Im
provements In East Oakland.
CORONER NOT NOTIFIED.
Case of Lizzie Donally, Who Was
Burned to Death, Will Never
theless Be Investigated.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— An Inquest will
be held by Coroner Baldwin to-morrow
evening In the case of little Lizzie
Donally, who died last night near Pleas
anton from burns received while trying
to Ignite a bonfire. She Is the daughter
of Michael Donally, who works on the
Hearst ranch.
The child was 7 years old and at the
time was playing in company with LJzzle
Hlguera. She had procured some matches
and was about to light the fire when her
dress of light fabric Ignited. She ran
toward the house and was soon enveloped
In flames. Dr. W. A. Hersheiser was
summoned and managed to alleviate the
child's sufferings considerably, but was
unable to save ncr life.
Dr. Hersheiser evidently did not regard
the cas6 one for the Coroner's Investiga
tion, for Coroner Baldwin was not noti
fied and did not learn of the death until
this morning. The funeral had been set
for this afternoon and did take place, but
not until after a jury, hastily summoned
by the Coroner, viewed the remains.
Oakland Church Services.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— Rev. S. M. Mar
tin, the noted evangelist, who is spending
his vacation here, has consented to de
liver a number of discourses at the First
Christian Church, and began to-day. '
Rev. Prank I. Wheat of Brooklyn, N.
V. , Bpoke at the Market-street Congrega
tional Church. His morning subject was
"An Inspiration"; evening, "Facing To
ward the Light."
At the First Congregational Church
Rev. Charles R. Brown s sermon this
morning was on "Religion for Man." In
the evening he discoursed on "Christian
ity and Wealth."
"The Heroes Who Stayed at Home"
was the topic of Rev. E. R. Dille's ser
mon at the First Methodist Church this
morning. In the evening he spoke on
"The Lessons of the War and the Prob
lems of Peace."
Dr. R. F. Coylo preached on "Emman
uel. God With Us, at the First PresTfy
terlan Church in the morning. "The Man
Behind the Gun" was hia evening topic.
The subjects of Rev. Philip Gralf's ser
mons at the First Free Baptist Church
to-day were '•Christianity's New and
Unique Empire and the Proclamation of
Peace With Spain."
"Mutilated Will" was the basis of Rev.
H. M. McKnight's sermon at the Asbury
Methodist Church this evening.
At the Tenth-avenue Church Rev. C. M.
Hill to-lay repeated his sermon on "Four
Groat Principles." The evening sermon
was on "War, Peace, Duty."
"Sample Packages; or, Proof Before
Purchase," was the subject of Rev. C. H.
Hobarfs sermon at the First Baptist
Church this evening.
College Opens on Monday.
BERKELEY, Aug. 14.— The academic
year of the University of California will
open to-morrow. The first three days,
from Monday until Wednesday Inclusive,
are given over to the freshman entrance
examinations. All candidates for admis
sion to the colleges of letters and the
sciences in Berkeley, and for the colleger
of law and medicine in San Francisco will
register with the recorder of the faculties
between 8:30 afid 9 o'clock Monday morn
ing. The schedule of the examinations
has been posted as follows: Monday,
English, algebra. Latin and civil govern
ment; Tuesday, geometry, Greek, English,
French and Latin; Wednesday, ancient
and modern history, physics, Latin and
German.
Instruction for upper class men -will
commence Thursday, on which day they
v.ill ;ilso register. The freshmen will as
semble at 10 o'clock. Tuesday morning,
August 23, in Stiles' Hall, to meet the
president of the university, and for as
signment to classes. The president has
requested all professors and instructors
to be in their offices from Monday until
Thursday for the purpose of consulting
with students.
To Teach in Honolulu.
BERKELEY, Aug. 14.— Charles A. Els
ton, of the class of '97, University of Cali
fornia, has received the appointment as
teacher of natural science in the high
school at Honolulu. The appointment was
made at the recommendation, of President
Martin J. Kellogg.
Sons of Hermann.
Ten lodges of Hermann's Sons of this
city, Oakland and West Berkeley, jointly
held a day and moonlight picnic yester
day, at Shell Mound Park. As the affair
was for the benefit of the sick fund, the
attendance was large, over 1000 people be
ing present. The day was pleasantly
passed in dancing and other amuse monts.
The committee of arrangements consisted
of F. Eggerling, J. Tillmann. W. Poehler,
C. Welland, A. Lodarhos, F. Fortmann,
B. Boltrusch, H. Heppert, P. Paatsch and ;
A. Grimm.
WEATHER REPORT.
020 th Meridian— Paclflo Tim«.)
SAX FRANCISCO, August 14. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, SS; Fresno, 110; Los Angeles, 92; Red
Bluff, 106; San L.ulh Oblnpo, 92; San Diego, 80;
Sacramento, 104; Independence, 98; Yuraa, 112.
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, K.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS:
The pressure Is highest off the northern coast
of Washington and lowest In Southeastern
California and Arizona. The changes have
been very slight.
Thp temperature Btlll remains very high
throughout the Pacific Slope. It is from 10 to
20 degrees above the normal In the interior val
leys of California.
The weather Is generally clear In California
and partly cloudy over the plateau and Rocky-
Mountain regions.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 15, 1S98:
Northern Calif ornin— Partly cloudy Monday;
somewhat threatening 'n the mountain regions;
brisk west wind along the coast.
Southern Collfom!a--Partly cloudy Monday;
probably scattered thunder-storms in the moun
tains in southeast portion; fresh west wind.
Nevada- -Probably scattered light thunder
storms Monday.
I'tah— Cloudy, with scattered light thunder
storms In the mountains.
Arizona—Partly cloudy Monday; occasional
thunder-storms In the northern portion.
Fan Francisco and vicinity- Partly cloudy
Monday; brisk westerly wind.
Ppecial report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at f> p. m — Clear; wind w»-Bt, 10 miles; tem
perature, 86; maximum temperature 91.
('}. H. Wll.r.SoX, Observer.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1838.
Mo
To.
1
We
3
Moon Ph*n<§*
I
U
21
"aT
8
Li
23
4
11
©Pall Moos.
August i.
jta-lAUit. Quarter.
h^- Augusta
X~v KewMooa.
y*s August IT.
1* First Quarter.
•If August 34.
©Fnl i con.
August 81.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, li
maintained 1n San Francl3co for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
ofilce. where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of th« world ore kept on hand
for comparison ami reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball wan dropped
on time cr giving the error, If any, is published
in the mjrning papers the following day.
CHAB. P. WELCH.
rnalgn (retired), r. S. N.. In r-harge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low watera occur at
ADVERTISEMENTS. " -v'"t ~
Are You Overworked, Tired, Depressed?
MAM WINE-TUB Fains Tonic for Bob oft Brain.
FROM THE PHYSICIAN TO MA ri A NI WINE
Bis Imperial Majesty, the Sultan.
s rf~™%> tmt r^ I^7 Tfc t f^ nnr m_m
j^j^^T^-^^^L gives STRENGTH to
:of4§L Overworked Men,
|P»**^^t!|& Delicate Women,
W^j^jK Sickly Children
pljpl! Dispels WEAKNESS
tpom whatever
i^^'^^^*^^^^^ 1 Marlanl Wine giver power to th»
"*■ "^^ Jri^*^ brain, Btren&th and elasticity to th«
TUVDiz PAiiACB, CONstanttnopijb. muscles and richness to the blood. It
Sworn enemy of the many proprietary mcdi- | 8 ft promoter of good health and lon-
"*Z Wh V J* V ' °*, yCa B lD 7 , ed It' levity. It is a supremely great tonic.
world, and whose only object la gain for the b ' , . TV , / . T , + _ .^
p^prletor^ I male an exception in favor of which has received the in, >rsement 9 of
one preparation m meritortouß as It ha. been more than 8000 American physicians.
far-retuhlnc In fta food. I refer to Vln Marl-
aril, which, owing to Its valuable fortifying To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
Qualities, ha» conferred benefit* upon weak and A CO.. 52 West Fifteenth street. New York
Buffering humanity. I therefore add my ap- City, will be sent, free, book containing por-
proral and praise to this highly meritorious traits with endorsements of. Emperors, Em-
prepaxation. MAVROGENT PACHA, press. Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and
Physlolan-tn-Chlef to the Sultan of Turkey. other interesting matter.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Hanssmann; London— Mortimer street: Montreal— 2B-38 Hospital street.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, AUGUST 15.
Sun. rises . 5.28
Sun sets .."""1""".'"!.....!.....!. 7.03
Moon rises 3.33 a. m.
i
4:15
4-43
6-13
5:4»
H W
0:04
0:46
1:34
—0.1
0.0
0.1
11:30
11:51
12:11
12:31
L. W
6:16
| 6:50
7:27
w
L W
4:011
4:40|
6:19
5:5S
H W
13:81
1:17
1:48
! ]
Time
Feet. Feet.
H W
8.1| 10:01 6.2
2.7 10:42 6.2
2.3 11:23 6.2
1.9
L, W
6.0 6:42 1.6
6.0 7:26 1.3
6.2 8:14 0.9
4.9
5.1
4.1
0.6i
1.0!
i.s|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the 'left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Czarina Seattle Aug. 15
Coos Bay Newport Aug. 15
State California ! Portland , I Aug. 15
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound! Aug. 15
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 15
Orizaba JHumboldt Aug. 16
Empire [Coos Bay . Aug. 16
Pomona San Dleg-o Aug. 17
Glenfarg China and Japan Aug. 17
Australia Manila Aug. 17
Crescent City... Crescent City Aug. 18
Homer j Newport Aug. ID
Chilkat IHumboldt Aug. 19
Tltania Nanaimo Aug. 19
Columbia Portland Aug. 20
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 20
Santa Kgna San Diego | Aug. 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Newbur* .. :Humbr,Ult |Aur. 1">. I* 1 amPler 4
Santa Rosa'San Diejro IAuk. 1.". 11 am I'ler 11-
Chilkat Humboldt IAur. 15, 9 am Pier 13
North Fork.!HumboMt....!AuK. 16, 9am'Pier 2
Coos Bay... (Newport jAug. 17. 9 am Pier 11
Arnata ICoos Hay IAur. 17. in am'Pler 13
State of Cal'P-Ttland lAng. 18, 10 am Pier 12
Curacao ...'Mexico (Aug. IS, 10 am, Pier 9
Cy Panama Panama 'a»k. 1 s . '- m'PMSS
Orizaba ....[HumboMtt lAucr. 1<. 10 ampler 9
Pomona Ban Diego [Aug. 19, llam;Pier 11
X'matllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd.(Aug. 19< 10 am, Pier 9
Homer Newport 'Auk, 21, flam'Pierll
Columbia .. Portland |Au*. 23. 10 am Pier O
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, August 14.
U S stmr Bennlngton, Mosl.er, from cruise.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 28 hours from Needle
Rock via Albion and Point Arena.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Olsen, 4 days from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alez Duncan, Shea, 13 hours frm Moss
Landing.
Stm.- Hueneme, Johnson, SS hours from Hue
neme.
Ship Luclle, Anderson, 8 days from Seattle.
Bark Alez Duncan, Shea, 12 hours 116 days
ling.
B- Haeneme. Johnson, S8 hours from Hue
p Luclle, Anderson, S days from Seattle,
rk General Falrchtld, Brannan, 116 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
Bktn Eureka, Paulson, 9& day* from Ta
coma.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rastnussen, 4 days frm
Nehalem River,
Schr Queen, Edwardson, 9 days from Port
Ludlow.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, 86 hours from
Schr C T Hill, Rudbach, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. *, ■-, - ; - ■■■■"''-:•
Schr S Danlelson, Crangla, S3 hours from
Shelter Cove.
Schr Mary Dodge. Hanson, 80 hours from
Albion.
Schr Falson, Llndholm, 8 days from • Ta
coma.
Schr Ivy, Brown, 6 days from Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Sunday,- August 14.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend. 'j.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr LaK'ira; Peterson.
Stmr Signal, Bondegaard, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Scotia. Hanson, Eureka.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. Caspar. .
Htrnr Mackinaw. Littlefield, Tacoma.
Hi- ship British Isles, Stott, Tacoma.
Bark Big Bonanza, Bergman, Seattle.
Bchr Newark, Beck, Bcwens Landing.
Schr Gem, Olsen, Coos Bay.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, Stewart?
Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug 14. 10 p. Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Gen Falrchlld— June 25—10 N 140 40 W,
ship M P Grace, from Vancouver for Sydney,
23 days out, all well.
Aug 11— 39 03 N 130 05 W, bark Aureola, hce
Aug 2 for Wlllapa Harbor.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bark Gen Fnirchlld — very light
trades and calms throughout the passage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Albion, fm
St Michael; stmr Cottage City, from Dyea.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Samoa, he
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 14— Schr Mary
Buhne, hence July 27: . stmr Alcazar, . hence
Aug 13: stmr Bonita, hence Aug 13.
Sailed Aug 14— Schr Occidental, for San Fran
cisco: schr Ocenla Vance, for Sydney.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 14— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Railed Aug 14— Stmr Coqutll;
River, for San Francisco; stmr Sequoia, for
San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Aug 14— Schr La Chile
na, hence Aug 12.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Auk Schr
Bender Brothers, henco Aug 12; Btmr Alcazar,
hence Ausr 13. .■ • . ' . . ,
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Fumes
slit from Glasgow; stmr Victoria, from Lon
don.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr La Nor
mandie, from Havre.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr
Rhyneland, from Liverpool.
HAVRE— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr La Touraine,
from New York. - . ' .
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Bar
barossa, from New York for Bremen, and pro
ceeded.- , , ■• • - ■•' ■
Sailed Aus 14— Stmr Friedrlch der Grosse,
from Bremen for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Aug 14— Stmr Ura
bria. from Liverpool for New York. ;|
/f~%K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mr\irb^t^L *»-•"» KF.ABXV ST. Established
Wn«W ln 1 >•>* or the treatment of Private
KflijKJ<Ssr» Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ftVJftgUSi^^L 'i wearing on body uud mind and
r^WjSfui'tj Skin Diseases. i be doctor when
?Jjg>i»*^*Bai>tliersf:iil. Try him. Charges low.
oSSEeSaIB (urmcuaranlrrd. Call orwrlte.
Dr. J. I. tiIBHO.N, Box ID57,Saa Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fW^ Steamers leave Broadway
1 VjJTfc— wharf, San Francisco:
KP^RSSi^ For Alas' - ports. 10 a. m..
I igiJfiSffSg* August 4, -9, 14. 19. 24, M. Sept 3.
' mSL RS&rYW^ transfer at Seattle.
J iessBW »l For Alaskan port* (from
j MfMLfUmSi Spear-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
r^Mtfi August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
"** For Viet' l, "Vancouver, (B.
C■» Port Totvnsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m August 4, 9. 14, 19, 24, 29. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, c- neetlng at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma wit.. N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
For Eureka "(Humboldt Bay). 10 ». m. Aug.
6, 12, IS, 24, 30, Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter.
For i Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Ilarford, (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro fLos Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Auk. 1. 5. 9, 13, 1?. 21. 25. 29.
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr San Diego. Etopplns only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Aug. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23. 27, 31, Sept. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Enscnada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th of
every month. -". ' -. .
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar^ Mm of jtaillTier.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
In ML $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia Aug. 3, 13, 23.. Sept. J
State of California. July 30, Aug. 8, IS. 2S, Sept. 7 j
St. Paul Jli; 00 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 28 00 Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 00 ; New York 3100
*.-.;., E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Ctmpany's pier (new). 42 North jn»a»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <T2jEQ>
by this line avoid both transit by •^f^ab<tasr
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts, first class, $140;
second class. $116.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20. 10 a. m
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Sept. 3, 10 a. m
LA' CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10. 10 a m
LA NAVARRE Sept. 17, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, j
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York. i
J. F. FI'GAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery 1
aye., San Francisco.
: ,
fSIS? 133639$1 33639$ The S. S. MOANA !
4HUniL° ;uL ' : via Honolulu and i
rK Blta " BW Auckland for Sydney ! :
Q . — -~^ ' Wednesday, September j j
Cii^r L* \7, at 2 p. m. •
rSIMinSnID v Llne to COOLGAR- I*■
CyiKllilJlliy r)lK> Australia, and ,
/OmO3PLk'APF: town, south '
VS'"r' vllv Africa, ,
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
i." » ": 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St., San Francisco. J
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thure. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.) J
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p.' m.
Sundays 10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 8.
.- Telephone Red 2241. ;: . ' y
BAILKOAD TEAVEL.
Santa Fe Route ;
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cam
' and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps t
Run on the Following Time i
Leave San Francisco. 4: 3o p. m., S. M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., "W.T.F.S.S.M.T. 2
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W. |J
Arrive Chicag0. ...... 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
! HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason- *
i able Rates.
YOU WILL RE COMFQPTARLB'
It' You Travel on the Santa Po.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L j
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara Si,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing' May 1.
IS9S: -.•,...-.'■.. '
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. C
Sundays— B:oo. 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and p
2:30 p. m. . x
Round trip from Mill Valley, Jl. ;-,.'*. fi
TITOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market *
etreet. San Franclano. I
AUCTION SALES.
. AUCTION SALE OF
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE
AT RESIDENCE. 210 BRODERICK ST..
NEAR HAIGHT.
THIS DAY
MONDAY Aug. 18, IBM
At "2 o'clock p. m.
JOS. T. TERRY, Auctioneer.
Office 421 California st., 'Phone, Main 538.
BAU.BOA2 T&AVEL.
M»i'Tiii;u.ii 1-A« IKI« cojirAHT.
(PAOirio Httrrnt.)
Train I«stc i»n«l nr* «ln« ■•> arrive at
NAN f-KANCINI'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From July 10, 1896. — amutb
•G:O<U Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *S**3«,
7:oo Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:OOa MarygYille, OroriUe and Redding Tit
Woodland »|4»F
7:OO a Elmira. Vacaville and Rumsey »t4»r
7t»O\ Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoea and Santa Rosa SilSp
8:OOa AtlaiiUo Express, Ogtleu and ICast.. Bi4»F
•t»WA Han Jose, .Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M»rjrH»ille,
Chico. Tehama and Red Uliilt.... 4il»»
*-.3O a Peters, Oak dale and Jamestown.... '«»»'
•S:3*A Milton nil 8»
O:OUa New Orleans Kxiiress. Merced, Fres>
no, Bakerslield, Santa Barbara,
I.os Angeles, Demlnic. El Fas©,
New Orleans and Bait •i4Sp.
IO:0Oa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7i49r
*l:00r Sacramento Hirer Steamers # llioop
San Jose, Nil-sand Way Stations... :»:I3A.
2:00p Livennore, Mendota, Uaiiford and
Visalia 4tls^
....... Liveriuore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations tlOJia*
4>OOr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa. CalistoKa. El Verano and
Santa Rosa »il»4
4ioor Benicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
• . Kiiib'lito i.tiinliiig, MarysTille, Oro-
Tilie and SuciKiiiento 10:4S*
4t3op NileH. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7tlBp
4:30p Stockton and Lodl I»ll»»
4i3Ur Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles TI4»A
4:SOp Mirtlnez. Merced (Raymond (or
Yosemite) and Fresno I*ilo»
4iSor Santa We Route, Atlautio Express
forMojare and Kant 6:45*
8:0«p Ruropeau Mail, Ocdeu and East.... f<49«.
•6:OOf Vallejo 18ill»p
«■<>»(. Hay wards, Nilrs and San Jose 7i43a,
J7iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»i43*
StOOp Oregon Kxiiress, Sacramento, Marys- ■; i V ■-:■
Tillu. Itfliliiv, Port.and, Puget
Bui-:»l and K»»t »tI A
SAN LKA.MMwii ami UAVWAUUS LOCAL.
■-- : ■ (Foot oi Market Street.) ■
1 MelroHF, Seminary Park, f 7iloa.
«:004 Fitchbnrff, Klmlmrst, TS'iiJ*
••»•* San l«M.lro, South "?jjg*
tI2:OUM ' Lorenio, Cherry • Ht4sr
t'J:OOp and )2145p
S:00p Haywardi. (3:46p
7toop i Runs through to Nils*. 7»45p
"■•-.•■ ) I From Nllee. L
COAST IMYISION (Narrow Han«e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cmi
• and Principal Way Stations t i»OB»
8:1Sa Newark. CeuterTille, San Jose.Felton,
. Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Buttons »»»O»
•2:15p Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •I»)iS»a.
4tl3p San Jose, Glenwood 4 War Stations 9«20a.
e4tl»p Boulder Creek and Banta Cnu j9iaOA.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSU rKiIOISCO— Foot of Mukit Stre«t (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 *2:00 S3:N
•1:00 15:00 *6:00r.u.
freß 01IUHB— of Broidwsy.— ««:oo 8.-00 10:00 a.m.
1 13:00 »l:00 t3:00 *3:00 ti:Qfl »B:OQp.M..
~~ COAST DIVISION (Broad Oast;*). ~~
(Third and Towngend Sts.) '
•7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) li*0»
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose, . ; .\
i - - Bai.ta Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations tSsSSr
9:OOa Nan .lose, Traa linos, Santa ('rut, ,■■':'
Pacilic OroTe. Paso Robles, San
I.iiis Obispo, Guadalupe, Barf and
Principal Way Stations 4llop
lOi4«a San Jose and Way Stations ••iCOA.
11:3Ua San Jose and Way Stations •Bj33a,
*2:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove •10:3 d*
•SiSOp San Jose and Way Stations # 9:O«a.
•4:15p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3 San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a.
3:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:Bftp
: «::i«p San Jose aud Way Stations 7:30p
♦ 11;43p San Jose and Way Stations 7iB»p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN " ABE*
WEEK DAYS— 9.00, 11:00 a. m., U:K,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:31
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, I:MU
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:48,
8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. , ;v :-
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. June 29, ■
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
• Days. I days. Destination. days. | Day*.
7:3o am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:3oam Fetaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5 .00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:«pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsbursr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
S:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm « :21pm
7:30 am I Hopland and I 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| Ukiah. | 7:36 pzn| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:26 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm ._ 8:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm <:23pns
7:3oam| S:ooam| Sebas'topol. 110:40 am! 10
«:30pm| 6:oo pm| | 7:3s pm| <:2ipni
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Sk&gKS Springs; at Cloverdalt for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart lett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River*
side, Llerleys, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, BooneviQa, Orr's Hot Springs, Men.
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, U»al.
Saturday to Monday .round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ■
On Sundays round-trip tickets .to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bide
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vi» S*ti<!flHto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAT.T.BX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8:00, •9:30, 11:00 a. m.|
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:20
p. SUNDAYS— *8:00. »9:00. 'lO^. 11:00, 11:30
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. *9:00, »10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m ; 1:00, M:45, »2:30, *4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6:30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *5:35. 7:55, 8:16. »B:st
a m ; '12:20, 2:10, »3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00. »9:45, 'lO:^ »11:«
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20. »3:30, «f:ft »6:00, 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 8:43. 10:10
a. m. : 12:40, 2:25. 3:55, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays)
and Saturdays at 7: CO p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:06, 1:30.
2:10, 3:55, 5:30, 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'na*
}:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'na,
D:l5 p. m. week, days (Saturday excepted)— To-
males and way stations.
8:00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jane 1, I£9B, trains will run as follows;!
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, Mixed. | Passen-
ger. ; Sunday Sta- Sunday i jrer.
Daily. ' Exc'pted tlons. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 6:40 pra
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 pra
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford- 7:45 am 133 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m k'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 pm Visalia 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at' intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton wita steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com.
?any, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 0
i. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and from
Snelllngs, CoultervlUe, Yosemite, etc.; alga
with stage I from ; Hornitos, » Marlposa, - etc.; «|
Uatikershlm with stare to and from Madai*. 
78
INFORMATION
FROM MERRITT
CABLED FOR
Necessary to Know ii
He Wants Troops.
•IUST WAIT ANOTHER WEEK
GENERAL MERRIAM RECEIVES
WASHINGTON ADVICES.
The Soldiers at Camp Merritt Are
Very Much Disappointed and Are
Becoming Restless and
Impatient.
WASHINGTON', August 14.
Major General Merriam, Com
manding Department of California,
San Francisco: The Secretary of
War has caused inquiry to be made
of Major General Merritt as to his
needs for further forces. You will
hold the Arizona and General
King's forces in readiness to siiil
at once should it he so ordered.
I shall advise you as soon as pos
sible. By order of the Secretary
of War,
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
The foregoing telegram, in answer to
General Merriam's inquiry of the "War
Department as to what disposition should
be made of the remaining Philippine ex
peditionary forces, was received yester
day morning at military headquarters
and was at once transmitted to Brigadier
General Miller at Camp Merritt.
It means that nothing definite will be
known from General Merritt for at least
a week. The telegram to him from the
Secretary of War will have to be con
veyed from Hongkong to Manila and the
answer brought back by a dispatch boat,
which received the message of the Secre
tary nf War Saturday night and at once
started on its trip.
There is a possibility that General Mer
ritt may call for the balance of the ex
peditionary forces, and in that event tne
Arizona, Scandia and the City of Sydney,
which arrived Saturday night fr:>m Man
ila, will no doubt bo sent forward some
time next week. On the other hand Gen
eral Merritt may conclude that with his
present force— ll,ooo on hand and
more to arrive in a few days— he will
have enough troops to control the situ
ation, which has bfen materially changed
since the cessation of hostilities.
AFFAIRS AT THE PRESIDIO.
Officers Regret That Exagger
ated Reports Have Been
Published About the
Sol-diers' Scrimmage.
The officers of the Kansas, Tennessee, j
lowa and New York r-^Kirrn nts regret I
that exaggerated reports have been pub
llsbed concerning the alleged riot of Fri- i
day night. In which it was mailf to ap- 1
pear that the Second Brigade Regiments j
•were going to "rub it Into ' New York.
It Is true that as a result of excessive ;
•guying there is some friction between
the New York boys and those of the other ;
regiments. The demonstration on Friday
night resulted in nothing more than a few
officers losing their heads and calling- out
an unnecessary force to drive the men j
back to their camps. At all times there j
■was a prevailing spirit of fun in the af- '
fair. The only man hurt was a soldier
who resisted the guards, when ordered
back to camp, and the Presidio guard
never appeared until the soldiers had all
dispersed to their quarters. The n
published have served only to curtail the
liberties of the men and to somewhat
widen whatever breech there may have
been.
Assistant Surgeon Lieutenant Henry
Page, who has been ordered to sail on
the Arizona was formally assigned to the
Third Battalion of the Twenty-third In
fan try yesterday, and ordered to report
for duty at once. The same ord^r also
assigned for Immediate duty to the Third
Battalion of the Eighteenth Infantry As
sistant Surgeon De Mey.
Private Dee Ford. Battery D, California
Heavy Artillery, who died at the P.egi- j
mental Hospital on Saturday night of ty
phoid fever, was buried yesterday morn
ing in the Presidio cemetery.
Private William A. Williams, Company
M, Twenty-third United States Infantry,
■ died at an early hour yesterday morning
•at the Division Hospital of pneumonia
following measles.
• Battery A. Third Artillery, which has
been ordered to prepare to go to Alaska
for duty there this winter, has moved Its
camp from Fort Point to the site formerly
occupied by the Battalion of Engineers.
Military Baseball.
The baseball teams of the Seventh and
Eighth California Reginv-nts played an
exciting game at the Golden Gate Recrea
tion Grounds yesterday afternoon. The
hitherto invincible Southerners were van
quished by a score of 7to 4. Tr*- Seventh
Regiment is not satisfied with the result
ami the teams will niAi a 1 one of the
down-town parks jiext Tftinil;.
The baseball team or Company 11,
Twentieth Kansas, yesterday defeated a
picked nine from the First New York
Regiment by a score of 24 to 15.
The game between the teams of the
Fifty-first lowa and the First Washing
.ton yesterday afternoon at the Presidio,
for the benefit of the R<vl Cross, was won
by the Washingtons, the score being 13
to. 10.
GOOD SCORES MADE
BY SEVERAL CLUBS
RIFLEMEN HAVE FAIK SPORT
AT SHELL MOUND.
Gus Schulz, John TJtschig, Louis
Bendel, J. E. Gorman, A. B. Dor
rell and Others Go to the
Front.
.Nearly all of the prominent riflemen of
this .city were at the Shell Mound range
yesterday and some very good scores
•were made. The Norddeutscher Schuet
zen Club's monthly bullseye contest for
cash prizes resulted in J. I)e Witt carry
ing oft the befit money on 307 points or
a.s shown by the measuring- ma
chine. This contest also gave to Gus
Schulz the beautiful gold medal presented
by Captain L. Siebe, the proprietor of
the park and" range, for the three best
bullseyes made for the year ending at
date. Louis Beildel, of the Germania
Schuetzen Club, who is in the second
champion class, was the high man of the
day, making 442 rings. John Utschlg, of
the first champion class, made 425, but
he held up his record In the champion
class of the San Francisco Schuetzen Club
by running up a string of 443 rings.
In the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club,
the first class men had things all to them-
Belves, laying the champion class men in
the shade. J. E. Gorman ran up a beau
tiful score of 41, Columbia target count,
followed by A. B. Dorrell with '.2. Henry
Kroeckel, secretary of the Stockton Pis
tol and Rifle Club, with his wife., were
guests of the Columbias. He is now
sergeant of Company A, stationed at Al
catraz Inland, and was one of the first i
to enlist when the war broke out. Ser
geant Kroeckel is one of the best all
round rifle, pistol and revolver shots in
the t-an Joaquin Valley, and his perform
ances yesterday showed that he coVild
make things lively for the men of the bay.
Mrs. Kroeckel has recently taken a great
interest in this sport, and in time may
compel her husband to share honors at
the range. The principal scores of the
| day were as follows:
I Germanla Bohuetzen Club, monthly class
! medals, German 2." ring- target: First cham
pion class, .T. Utschlg, 418 rlnßs; second cham
pion class, L. Bemlel. 442; Hist class. 11. Stal
ling, 3i»3 : Epconii class, E. Goetze, 355; third
1 class. W. Goetze, 359. Best first Phot, N.
: Ahreno, 24. Bent last shot, U Bendel, 24.
San Francisco Srhuetzen Vf>re!n, monthly
I class medals, German 25 rinp target: Cham
pion class, John Utsehlg, 443 rinps; first class.
X. Ahrens, 402; second class, not filled ;» third
class, R. Stettin. 394; fourth class. .T. W.
Goetze. 3SI. Best first shot. H. F. Lllkendey.
24. Best last shot, J. T'tschlg, 24.
Xorddeutscher monthly bullseye contest
for cash prizes, machine measurement: First,
J. DeWltt, 307 points; second, J. Lankenau,
HS2; third, O. Lemcke. 446; fourth. O. Pchulz,
537: fifth, L. Brune. 576: sixth. H. Stelllng;. GS3;
seventh, W. F. Garms, SPS; eighth. W. Morden.
ninth. Hy Meyer. 965; tenth, J. Thode, 963;
eleventh, C. J. Kirk, 970; twelfth, F. Koch.
11C6.
Independent Rifles, monthly medals, ten shots,
military targret; C. Btaude, 29: F. H. Lann,
21: E. Thornning, 22; J. H. Kuhlke, 87; I.
Donovan, 26.
Columbia Tistol and Rifle Club, monthly
class medals and re-entry matches. Columbia
target, ten-shot scores. Rifle for members only,
champion class— Dr. L. O. Rodders 66, F. E.
Mason 77. First class— J. E. Gorman 41, A. B.
Dorrell 52, O A. Bremer 78. Second class— G.
M. Barley 81, A. Hlntcrmann 91. M. J. White
100. Third class— O. Mnnnei 93. C. F. Walton
98, E. N. Mo>re US, Mrs. M. J. White 145, E.
Woenne 15S, B. Jonas 174.
Re-entry matches, members' rifle medal — J.
E. Gorman 49, 07, 63; A. B. Dorrell 67; G. Man- '
n< 1 92. ?0. F. H. Bushnell trophy, military
musket, Creedmoor count, all comers — A. H.
Pai'e 48, 47. -17; C. F. Waltham 46, 45, 44. 43.
All-comers' rifle medal — D. W. Mclaughlin
40; Dr. L. O. Rodgers CO, 62; F. E. Mason 64,
59.
Pistol, E0 yards, class medals for members.
Champion class — J. E. Gorman 44, Dr. L. O.
Rodsrers 45. A. H. Tape 4C, A. B. Dorrell 52, M.
J. White 68. First class— D. W. McLaughlin
52. G. ML Barley 86. Second class— Mrs. M. J.
White S4. A. Hintermann 85, C. F. Waltham
SO. Third class— J. P. Cbagrave 53. Mrs. C. F.
Waltham 116. Re-entry matches, all comers? —
Siebe pistol medal— G. M. Parley 60. 22. :;.".
Caliber rifle medal and Roos trophy for ladies—
A. B. IXorrell 21; Mrs. C. F. Waltham 30, 33,
33.
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
THE DIVISION COMMANDER
READY TO PROCEED.
A Report Showing- the Number of
Guardsmen Who Paraded on the
Fourth of July.
"I am ready to proceed with the reor
ganization of the National Guard," said
Major General Dickinson, in reply to a
question as to the prospects of building
up the guard npain. "But Just at this
time nothing can be done because the
Governor, who is on« of the Board of
Liocation, is Euffering from an attack of
rheumatics.
"There has not been any change in the
proposed plan. It will be three ten com
pany regiments. That will leave room
for those who have volunteered, to return
to the guard upon being mustered out of
the service of the United States.
"The proposition Is to recruit each of
the ten companies, at this time, to the
minimum, that is to say fifty-three, rank
and file. That will give 1590 exclusive j
of the members of the Signal Corps of the j
three brigades, the troop of cavalry, the j
Liowell High School Cadets and those of
the naval millta who were not enlisted for
scouting service. This numerically, it is
thought, will be sufficient to preserve or
der and peace in the State if there should
arise an occasion for calling out the
guard.
The replies to the circular letter sent
out some time since by the division com
mander for the purpose of obtaining ex
act statistics of the condition of the guard
in the State at this time are coming in,
and it is expected that before the close of
the month they will all be received, so
that the Board of Location will have cor
rect data upon which to work.
The Fourth of July parade reports show
that on that day in the Frst Brigade eight
brigade officers and a like number of field
and staff officers paraded with 462 men. In
the Second Brigade but eighty-four men
paraded and in the Third but fifty-one
men were on parade. The Naval Milita
paraded 416. including ten officers, a good
showing for that branch of the service.
The report shows that there were 1029
present and 428 absent at roll call at the
several places of rendezvous.
There is more actlyiity in the Naval
Militia at this time than there has been
for a long time. The men are prompt at
drill and they turn out numerically
strong. They are being drilled in the
gun exercise;*also in infantry tactics, and
they are becoming very proficient. There
have been many applications of late fur
uiimiss^'n into the several divisions.
The matter of target practice which was
neglected during the war fever will be :
taken up a??ain in September, so it is said, !
and under new rules which it is thought i
will be formulated shortly to meet all the
objections that have been presented to
the old ones.
Her Imprisonment Not Voluntary.
The story of the imprisonment of Mrs.
Rogers In her room at the old Latham
mansion, C3S Folsom street, has brought
fr'im that lady strong denials that her
confinement to her room is voluntary.
"I am practically a prisoner in my
room," said Mrs. Rogers last night. "I
did not fasten my door from the inside,
af has been charged. The lock has been
sprung in some manner from the outside,
and 1 have been unable to open It. The
attitude of Mrs. Brouillard In this matter
has bordered on malicious persecution,
for which thf-re is no excuse.
"I have been five months in the house,
and owe but three weeks' rent— a matter
of .?'*. 1 offered to pay for one week of
this some time since, but it was refused.
I wil take the matter to the proper au
thorities and have it settled at once."
Coming Golf Tournament.
A golf tournament open to ladies and
gentlemen is to be held on the San Ra
fael links under the auspices of the San
Rafael Golf Club, on Saturday, August
All who wish to enter please send
names to T. W. Tetiey, Hotel Rafael, San
Rafael, not later than Thursday, August
18.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Eußh, Larkln Ftp. ; swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
A FREAK THAT FAILED
The Police Decline to Allow Albert
ConstaotiQ Ferdinan to Bury
I-jimself fllive.
Albert Constantln Ferdinan, the freak who wants to bury himself alive
for a wc-ek, while in a hypnotic state, burst into tears yesterday, when
Captain Spillane and Lieutenant Hanna told him that his exhibition could
not go on. He had a grave dug on the vacant lot on the northeast corner
of Market and Larkln streets and was congratulating himself upon mak
ing money out of the gullible public, when a man in blue informed him
that he was wanted at the Southern police station. He pleaded with the
officers to change their minds but it was useless. Then he went back to
the vacant lot and received the sympathy of his manager and a few
friends he has made in the city since coming here. He threatens to apply
to the courts to-day for an order enjoining the police from interfering
with his desire to bury himself. A crowd had gathered on the side-walk,
but after the signs were torn down by the police they soon dispersed.
The police base their action on section 51 of Ordinance 1587, which pro
vides that: It shall be unlawful for any person to commit any act that
amounts to a public wrong; that openly outrages decency; that is injuri
ous to public morals, or public health, or -uiblic safety.
Ferdinan is paiticuarlly incensed at Chief Lees. "When I spoke to
the Chief," he said, "he told me there was no law to interfere with my
exhibition, and he told me to go to the Board of Supervisors to get a per
mit. Then I was advised to get a license and did so and also got a permit
from the Board of Health and now the Chief says my exhibition cannot go
on. Why did he not say so at first and it would have saved all the ex
pense 1 have been put to."
THE SAIST FRASTCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
SEVEN DAYS
THEY LIVED
ON KISSES
George Abel Tried the
Butterfly Life.
MET A LADY ON THE TRAIN
LIVED HAPPILY TOGETHER TOR
A WEEK.
The Father of the Girl Was Dis
pleased and the Wealthy
Rancher Paid for His
Escapade.
A week's try at living a butterfly life
cost George H. Abel, a wealthy rancher of
Colusa County, considerable mental ■wor
ry and several hundred dollars In cold
rash, besides other money spent on Mlsa
Lorena Mikesell, a charming young lady
from Upper Lake, whose companionship
he had enjoyed for seven short days.
Mr. Abel, who was recently divorced
from his wife, to whom he Is paying a
large amount monthly as alimony, came
down to the city from Maxwell sonio
weeks ago and on the train met Miss
Mlkesell. It was a case of love at first
sight on the part of both, apparently, and
an arrangement was soon reached where
by the two might be together. Rooms
were engaged at a well-known hotel on
arrival in San Francisco, and here Mr.
Abel ami Miss Mikesell lived for a week
as man and wife.
During the sojourn at the hotel Abel
purchased for Miss Mikesell elegant cloth-
Ing, jewelry and knicknacks and when by
mutual consent both parties left for their
respective homes the presumption was
that everything had been arranged to the
satisfaction ot both parties. Such was
not the case, however, as Mr. Abel soon
learned. But a few days had elapsed
after his return to Maxwell when Mr.
Abel received a call from an attorney
who demanded, on behalf of the father of
Miss Mikesell, reparation for the wrong
done the daughter. It is rumored that
threats were used to extort money from
the rancher. At any rate Abel signed a
note on August 6 promising to pay Miss
Mikeseil the sum of |700 six days after
date.
When the note fell due It was not paid,
and on Friday It was taken by R. J. Hud
son, a lawyer from Colusa County, to
J. Rauer to be sold at a discount. In
vestigation on the part of Mr. Rauer as
to the value of Abel's signature brought
to light the information that the ranch
er's check was good for $50,000, and fur
ther inquiry showed that Mr. Abel was
in the city and willing to pay the note
with the exception of fioo, which he
claimed he had already given to Hudson.
The attorney acknowledged that a por
tion of the note had been paid him, and
Mr. Rauer. acting as agent, received the
BOO from Mr. Abel. Miss Mlkesell and her
father were in the city with their attor
ney and the money was paid over to the
lady Friday afternoon.
Mr. Abel, not wishing to run the risk
of b^lng again called upon to pay for the
pleasant companionship of the young
lady, demanded from Miss — Kesell a re
ceipt releasing him from all demands.
The request was granted and yesterday
morning the father, daughter and Mr.
Abel met in Rauer's office and the desired
document was plpned, sealed and deliv
ered. Miss Mikesell cashed a check for
$500 at the Bank of California and took
the evening train for her home, while Mr.
Abel, with his receipt safely guarded, left
for his ranch, rejoicing that his troubles
were at an end.
TRADE UNION NOTES.
Harry M. Saunders Elected Business
Agent by the Building Trades
Council. 
At the last meeting of the Building
Trades Council Harry M. Saunders was
unanimously elected business agent. Mr.
Saunders has for many years been the
business agent of tho Carpenters' Dis
trict Council, and has been remarkably
successful in his efforts to settle little
differences existing between employer
and employe which might otherwise have
taken on the serious aspects of strikes
or boycotts. For the past six months
the Building Trades Council has been en
deavoring to find a man who cottl-i do
this same work for It, and although sev
eral prominent labor workers were given
a trial all were found unsatisfactory,
and an arrangement was entered Into
whereby Mr. Saunders could enter the
employ of the Building Trades Council
with the privilege of returning to the
district council at any time should his
work In the new field prove unsatisfac
tory. He has the hearty indorsement
and good wishes of all union men in the
city, and especially of the memners of
Carpenters' Union No. 22, of which he
has been a member for many years.
His work will consist in ventilating all
fMsputei. of workmen on buildings ntnl
th' Inspection of working cards la all trie
building trades.
The Labor Council held its weekly
meeting last night with its new dvm
dent, S. L. Robbins, in the chair. Cre
dentials were j. resented by L. Hechirijtrer
of the Brfwury Workmen's Un'o-i and I).
Daggctz and J. R. Welch of the Printing
/•ressmen'r! Union. The committee on
Tjsbor nay celebration reported that
tickets were out and arrangements gen
erally so far progressed that the success
of the day was assured. A number of
visiting printers were present and ad
dressed the meeting.
Anti-Civil Service League.
The Anti-Civil Service State League at
their last meeting appointed a committee
to confer with the Congressional delega
tion In relation to their proposed bill to
be presented at the next session of Con
gress. A drill corps will be organized to
take part In all public demonstrations
during the campaign. The league will be
incorporated under the State laws.
TERRIFIED BY
BOLD BURGLARS
Residences on Van Ness
Avenue Visited.
TWO BLOCKS ARE SELECTED
POLICE TJNABLE TO DISCOVER
THE PERPETRATORS.
The Last House Ransacked Was That
of Joseph Anspacher, Which
Occurred Last Saturday
Night.
The residents on Van Ness avenue, par
ticularly on the blocks between Eddy and
O'Farrell streets, are terrorized by the
intrusion of burglars into their homes,
and although the police have been noti
fied repeatedly no arrests have been made.
The latest burglary reported was at the
house of Joseph Anspacher, Sll Van Ness
avenue. The family left the house about
7 o'clock Saturday night and returned
shortly after 10 o'clock. On entering the
bedrooms they were painfully conscious
of the fact that some one had been in
the house during their absence. Bureau
drawers had been emptied of their con
tents and a careful search mode for
money or jewelry. The bedding had also
been overturned and searched for the
same purpose, and Mrs. Anspacher's jewel
box had been broken Into pieces and
rilled of Its contents.
The burglars had not entered th© dining
room, and it is supposed they had been
scared away. A gentleman who occupies
the flat above had a call from a friend
between 9 and 10 o'clock and the friend
went to the rear door. The gentleman
opened the rear window and told him to go
around to the front door. That is what is
believed to have scared the burglars. It
i.s supposed they had effected an entrance
by using a skeleton key on the front door.
They took away with them, besides other
things, a bunch of keys including two
pass keys to the front door, and all night
a policeman kept guard on the house,
Mr. Anspacher having notified the Central
Police Station of the burglars' visit.
About two years ago Mr. Anspacher's
house was visited by a burglar three times
In one night. On the third visit Anspacher
took a shut at him as he was moving
around in the back yard.
Thursday night Mrs. Schlessinger, who
keeps a boarding house at 803 A r an Ncsa,
was awakened by a noise at her bedroom
window. She was terrified to see <'i man
with a bullseye lantern trying- to open the
window from the out Fide with a "jimmy."
She was so paralyzed with fear that she
could do nothing but stare at the man
for a moment, but recovering herself she
uttered a piercing scream and the burg
lar fled.
About two weeks aero the residence of
Dr. Taylor. 928 Van Ness, was visited by
two burglars. They attempted to break
in the rear door, but the screams of the
servant girl, who was in the house alone, i
brought assistance and the burglars fled, j
WEARERS OF BLUR AND
WHITE ARE CHAMPIONS
HAD AN INNINO AND MAUY
RUNS TO fePARE.
Hunter Harrison Cup Won for the
Third Time in Succession by
the Alamedas.
The fourth match of the season between I
the Alameda and Pacific elevens for the j
Hunter Harrison cup. begun on Sunday, j
August 7th, was continued yesterday at
Alameda. At the close of the first day's j
play the Alarm-dans had lost eight wick- :
fits for 317 runs, F. Stahl and H. "Ward i
being not out. and F. C. Drifficld not hay- j
Ing batted. Wht-n play was resumed yes
terday, these three men raised the score
to 3GS, F. Stahl's total being 42 and H.
Ward's 21.
Going In against this large score the
Pacifies scored 86 in their first Inpings; J.
J. Theobald, 14; J. H. Harbour, 18; and
T. W. G. "Wallace, 21; being the only men
to get double figures. Following on the
Pacifies did better In their second innings,
scoring 141 runs, to which C. P. Coles' 55
and J. McLean's 29 were the highest con
tributions. The total Pacific score was
thus 230 runs, leaving the Alamedas win
ners by an Innings and 137 runs. The Ala
medans are therefore the champions of
IS9B, and having been the champions also
of 1896 and 1897 the Hunter Harrison cup
becomes their absolute property. The full
score Is appended:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings —
R. B. Hogue, c. Willis, b. Hill 87
I. H. Splro, b. Hill 11
J. J. Mnriarity, c. Wallace, b. Hill 87
F. J. ('roll, c. Harlmur, b. McLean 21
J. H. Saundors, b. Hill 42
J. J. R. Peel, b. Harbour 16
B. Bird, c. .1. J. Theobald, b. Wallace IS
11. Ward, b. Coin 21
V. Seebeck, c. Willis, b. Townsley 5
F. Stahl, c. ami b. Hill 43
F. C. Drlffleld. not out 1
Wldes 2, Leg Byes 5, Byes 7 16
Total 368
Runs at the fall of each wicket: 1 for 20, 2
for 187, 3 for 208, 4 for 213. 5 for 2.77. C for 232,
7 for 297, 8 for 302. 9 for 365, 10 for 368.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler — Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
T. W. O. Wallace... l2o 64 2 1 64
C V.. Itill 198 S3 2 5 17 3-5
J. J. Harbour 126 66 2 1 6'i
C. P. Cnlcs 90 43 2 1 43
J. J. Theobald 24 15
K. F. Mansion 24 22
C. Townsley 30 26 .. 1 26
J. H. McLean 24 18 .. 1 IS
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings —
J. H. McLean, b. Saunders 8
E. F. Masson, c. Croll, b. Driffleld 8
O. Theobald, c. Baunders, b. Bird 2
C. P. Coles, b. Bird 2
J. J. Theobald, c. and b. Bird 14
J. H. Harbour, b. Saunders IS
T. W, (J. Wallace, run out 21
11. P. G. Gordon, c. Bird, b. Peel 5
C. Townsley, b. I'eel : 0
C. B. Hill, b. Peel 2
A. S. Willis, not out 3
Extras 3
Total S6
Runs at fall of each wicket: 1 for 27, 2 for
28, 3 for 81, 4 for 33, 5 for 49, 6 for 63, 7 for 70,
S for 70, 9 for 74, in for SB.
BOWLIXG ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
J. J. R Peel 57 23 3 3 7 2-3
F. C. DrlffleM 72 26 2 1 2G
B. Bird 47 13 3 3 6
J. H. Saunders 30 16 2 2 8
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
Second Innings —
T. W. G. Wallace, c. Saunders, b. Peel.... 30
A. S. Willis, c. Morlarlty, . b. Ward 0
G. Townsley, b. Croll 1
C. P. Coles, b. Croll '..55
J. H. McLean, b. Peel ... 29
C. B. Hill. c. Hogue, :b. Ward .... 6
J. J. Theobald, c. Saunders, b. field..... 1
J. H. Harbour, b. F. Croll 6
E. F. Masson, not out . .. ............. 10
H. P. G. Gordon, c. Saunders, b. Drlf field. . 0
G. Theobald, -b. - Drlffield 0
1 Leg Bye, 5 Byes 6
Total —....144
Runs at fall of each wicket: 1 for 6, 2 for 7,
3 for 22, 4 for 68, 5 for 77. 6 for 122, 7 for 130, 8
for 142, 9 for 143. 10 for 144.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Maid- Wick- Ay.
Bowler — nails. Runs. ens. ets. runs.
F. J. Croll 84 42 3 3 14
H. Ward 42 25 2 2 12%
J. H. Saunders 18 20
J. J. R. Peel 30 14 .. 2
F. C. Drtflield 42 14 2 3 4 2-3
R. B. Hogue 43 15 4
B. Bird 12 S
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, August 14.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing.
DOMRSTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Augr I*— Schr
Laura Madsen, hence July 22.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Elizabeth Godfrey to Honora Godfrey, lot on
S line or Oak street, 221 W.of, Van Ness ave
nue, \V 22 by S 100; also lot • on : NW line of
Preclta place, 250 NE of Folsom street, NE 60,"
NW 300, SW 60, SE 302, lot 66, Precita Valley;
sin. . , ,-
Margaret Da Forest to Jemlna A. Bogart,
lot .on SE corner of Washington and "Webster
streets, S 29:1H- 4 by E 87:6; $9000.
Frederick G. Elckhorst to Rebecka Elckhorst.
lot :on NW corner of Greenwich and Baker
streets, W 50 by N 80; $6000.
John H. ana Ellen G. Grady to Catherine
Dixon, lot on E line of Cook street, 264:4 X of
Point Lobos avenue, N 25:3 by E 120; $10. -
Mary B. Taylor to Adeline D. Worrell, lot
on N line of Clay street, 34:4% W of Laurel,
\V 34:4',i by N 127 :S&; $8500.
Charles W. Moores to same, same, quitclaim
deed ; $10.
Adeline D. Worrell to Emma D. Buckbee
(wife of S. C. Buckbee), same: $3500.
Spencer C. Buckbee to came, same; sift.
Ellen Dwyer to George A. Dwyer, lot on B\v
line of Tenth street, 75 NW of Bryant, NW 25
by SW 100; gift. •
Roslna Poehlmann to Henry D. Hartmann,
lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue, 200 8 of
California street, S 25 by E 120; also lot oft Sh
line of Arlington street, 212 SW of Mleruol, SW
60, SE 152. NE 60. NW 150, lot 4, block 10, Ftilr
mount: $10. -. . . ..
George ■ Darsie to Mary Dean, lot on W line
of Lee street. 176 N of Holloway. N 26 by W
112:5. lot 42, block 3. Lakeview; $250. -
Thomas Kelly to Margaret or Masrisle and
Hose Kelly (grantor reserving life estate), lot
on SE line of Natoma street, 100 8W of Second,
SW 20 by SE 80; gift.
Alameda County.
Herman and Mary E. Bornhorst to John
Person, lot on E line of Peralta street. 186. 5Z S
of Sixteenth, S 26.05, E T9.13. N *?, W 71.64 to
beginning, portion of lot 30. block 581, Peralta
and Center street lands, Oakland: $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to v\ ll
fred E. Chambers, lot on S line of Knox ave
nue. 100 W of Telegraph. W SO hy S 140, lots 5
and 6, Knox Park. Oakland: $2000.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Charles D. and
Agnes O'Gura, lots 6 and 7, block C, Fairvlew
Tract, Oakland Township (quitclaim deed);
$25.
Ellen Clark to George P. Clark, all that prop*
erty on W side of Valley street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth streets, Sox
150. being the S ends of lots 1 and 2, block 11,
Pacific Homestead, Oakland; also all personal
property; gift.
Simon and Mary Keegan to Margaret Kee-
Kan, lot on E line of Adeline street, 140:5 N of
Twenty-fourth. N 123:1 by E 132, being portion
of plat 4, rancho V. and D. Peralta, OaklanJ;
$10.
Margaret Keegan to Mary Keegan, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-fourth and Adeline streets,
N 140:5 by E 132. being portion of plat 4, rancho
V. and t>. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Ometery Association to
James B. Short, lot 188 in plot 14. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $140.
BrH£?Pt M. and P. It. Bassett to Cosmopoli
tan Mutual Buildinpr and Loan Association, lot
on E line of Goldman avenue, 192.96 S from
SW line of old county road. No 708 or Pres
cott Btreet. S 90, E 133.67, NE 90.39. W 142.03.
to beginning, b*lng lots 81, 82 and S3, Frultvale
Park, Brooklyn Township; also lot on E lm»
of Redwood avenue. 270 N of Tobler street, N
46 by F. 125. being lot 30 and S V^ lot 21, same,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
Mrs Phortrldge, Valjo i V II Jackson, N T
J W Shortrldge, Valjo |W J Nelson, Boston
F Parkin. Sacto I A Colt. Sta Barbara
G H Stewart. L Any C M Rrown, Holliater
! C B Conn. Sacto C Waldron&w. S Crua
T Hubbard.w&rt, SJos^W T Blake, Gllroy
W F Gillls, Cal iW T Cryon. Nev
B Coleman, Cal JF Carpenter, Knights
L J Hewsdale, Stanfd N L Kohn, Placervllle
G B Brown, Sacto L Corvath, Sparkvtlle
I W S Green, Colusa J Pieratt, Browns V
O C Miller, Sausallto Mrs Richardson. Aubn
< H Wiimot, Sarto W N Morrlseey, Oklnd
j X Richards, Sacto T Mcßhare, Garvanza
' D Palmer&w, Stocktn W Stewart, w&ch, Scto
Mrs Henderson, Stktn J Scarborough, L Ang
i M!«s Hen.lTson, Stktn C Radcllffe. Merced
] E L Herlls.Bakersfleld MC Zunvalt, Tulare
J X Hopkins, Fresno I C Lander Bakersfleld
Mrs M Adams, Mill V Mr* Harrlngton.Sßdno
M!-s H Adams. Mill VIE Raber&w, Ariz
M J Carr, Chicago | G A Carter, Pomona
1 Miss Cantara, Tacoma C T MonreAw, Gllroy
; A de L Estollle. Minn c B Bills, S Josa
; Mlbs C Porter, Minn ; H B Hickey, Albion
1 Miss Breidenbach, Mo i J Flanagan. Mendclno
E H Breldenback. Mo J V Hill. Trenton
J V Steven*, Chgo N B Hughes, Uklah
A L BaKgott&w, N T ! J H Seawell, Uklah
BALDWIN HOTEL.
N Xalr. Sacto I Miss Brackett. N C
R Edjrren. Cal iC Glfford. Auburn
C Zimmerman, Perm J Parker, 3 Cru*
D Stanton, S Cruz G Goldsmith, Texa*
J J Choate. Camp M C Hunter, L Angeles
C R Arquies, Peta J G Darrah. Phlla
D Campbell, S Jose Mrs J G Darra, Phlla
J LaJidford. S Jos» R Steams. Los Ang
M Shuck, Oakland C B Danah, Canton,
T Burkrens, HanfonJ Mrs Danah. Cantoa
C Hammer, Bakersfld N Stockton, Ohio
W "Wilson, Chicago B Charles N V
J Day, Salt I^ake D N Strong, N T
H Benham, Portland R B Parker, Boston
T Hooper. Fresno . Mrs R B I'arker, Bstn
Mrs T Hooper, Fresno! V Goodwin & w. Pa
Miss Irwin, S Rosa |B Armstrong, Phlla
Miss Mnddox. S Rosa J Stratton. N Orleans
! R Kllndertl, S Rosa Mrs Stratton, N Orlns
O C Schultze, NY J Stratton Jr, N O
PALACE HOTEL.
J Dubbs. Plttsburg , Miss J Flegel, X T
W M Maglll, St Louis i R E Brown, Mo
Mrs W Magill. St L j Mrs R X Brown. Mo
G Peltier. Sacto H Painter, Phlla
Mrs G \V Peltier. Sac Mrs H Painter, Phlla
G G Wlegle, P Alto M Hunttlngr, lowa
O A Trlppett, S Diego Mrs Hunttlng. lowa
L E Mosher, L Ang A I^evlnaky. Stockton
E Rogers, Los Ang G Ran, Grldley
R G M< Bride, Los An W T Ellis, Marysville
W R Burke, L Ang B Williams, Ventura
Baron Le Grange, J Rice, St Loula
Paris G Patton. Los Ang
Mrs A Flegel. NY J T Gaffey, Loa Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Marry & w, S Jose J Gately. Martinez
Z X Buckner, S Cruz J Olsen. San Pablo
W H Lincoln, S Jose J Conniflf, S Rose.
P DeMartln, Peta H Carlton, Oakdale
T F Murray. Mt View Mrs H Carlton. Oakdl
C Whlpple, Los Gatos J S Wood, Colfax
II Musgrtive, Yancovr S Mooro, S Cruz
G Gross, Davlsvllle C Hager, Stockton
E Shadbolt, Peta J Mulroy, Stockton
F Brandt, Pinole J Grlset. Santa Ana
C Valencia, S Pablo Miss A Smith, Sacto
6AN F R ANCI6CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:20 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:20 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
•streets, open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commander}' No. 16, K. .*.
T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter st. **&/*
—Stated assembly THIS EVENING, Fij
at 8 o'clock. The order of the temple Up
will be conferred. All fratera are V
courteously invited.
CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons meets THIS EVENING. .J^
Business anil M. M. Degree. By in->£ 2?
struction of the H. P. /V>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. A
M. — Officers and members are herewith _t\ _.
notified to attend the funeral of 01117K if
deceased brother, METER A. COHN,/V>
late a member of Mount Moriah Lodge No.
27, PI and A. M. of New York city, on MON-
DAY MORNING, August 15, at 10 o'clock.
By order of the W. M.
G. W. ROOT. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hill, 1839 Fill- J\^_
more ft.— Second deorree THIS (MON-^Kjf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/V>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 21, F. and A. m
M.-Called meeting THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; third de-TS?2r
gree. By order of the W. M. <▼'
O. W. ROOT, Secretary.
THE annual meeting .of the stockholders of
Pacific Undertakers will take place at the
office of the company, 777 Mission street, San
Francisco, Cal., TUESDAY, August 23. IS9S.
at 8 o'clock p. m.. for the election of direc-
tors for the ensuing term and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
it. Transfer books will close Friday, August
19. IBM, at 4 p. .m. By order of the board
of directors. M. C. GORHAM, Secy,
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~~
AGXIN~THis " WEEkT~
Dr. MacLonnan ■ continues FREE healing at
100 Haight st., corner Octavla.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city lor i country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, ; $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., -. 343 3d.
DIVIDEND NOTIC— S.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 58 (50c per
share) of . the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Satur-
day, August 20, 1598. "
Transfer books will close on Saturday, Au-
gust 13, 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS tVANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish second girl with refer-
ence desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter St. - :
WANTED— By an experienced woman, work
. by. the day; good cook and laundress and
house cleaner. C. H., box 10, Call Office.
'.- ■ - ' ■ ■ ■ ' . -'■""- ■- - ■ " ' ■ ■■-.-_■
A— English woman, good cook and house-
worker; $12 to $15;' references. MRS. JS UK-
TON, 313 Butter st. .
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl, J^l th
best references, wishes situation. MX».
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook, understands
all branches; 4 years last place. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
A GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist
In housework ; $10. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl, $10 to $15, willing to do
housework, references. MISS CULLEN, 32a
Sutter st. . •
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation,
best of references; city or country. MISS
CTJLLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
COMPETENT French nurse desires situation,
or as second girl; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
RELIABLE woman, good cook and housekeep-
er, wishes situation in city or short distance
in the country, or do day's work; good ref-
erence. 123 Olive aye, bet. Van Ness and Polk.
A HIGHLY respectable American woman
wishes position as working housekeeper in
hotel or ranch; city or country. 112 Kearny
at., room 27.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework; good plain
cook. 115 Wlldey st., off Flllmore. nr. Bush.
A GERMAN woman desires situation to do
general housework and plain cooking. Call
460 Jessie st. ' ___»
RELIABLE lady wants position In respect-
able rooming-house for free rent; central;
references given. Address M.. box 221. Call.
COMPETENT Protestant cook wishes situa-
tion in private family or housework in small
family; city preferred. 1245 Bush st.
YOUNG woman with a baby wants to work in
a good home. Address 21 Franklin St., rm. 21.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing, ironing, housework. 711 Minna st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1337 Market St., near Seventh.
A RELIABLE girl wishes a situation; house-
work and cooking. Apply 321 Ellis st.
COMPETENT woman desires situation to do
general housework; city or country. Box 843,
Call office.
LADY stenographer and typewriter of four
years' practical business experience in law
and private offices, desires position; wages
moderate. Address M., box 495, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes posi-
tion in boarding-house or widower's family;
city or country. Address 15 Minna st.
BY an Eastern woman, a situation as house-
keeper or chamber work or nurse to invalid.
Address Housekeeper, 215 Keary St., room 22.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm in New York City, wishes
sewing by the day or at rooms; ladies' tailor-
ing a specialty. E. R., 915 Polk st.
WANTED— lady, position to take charge of
rooming-house; experienced: no trlflers. Ad-
dress or call on F. C. , 613 Folsom st.
CAPABLE Protestant woman, with best of ref-
erences, wants care of Invalid or children;
city or country. Address J., box 9, Call office,
Oakland.
GOOD housekeeper, reference, would like p-jsl-
ion, light housekeeping. in American family;
no objection to leaving city. M. R., box 3,
Call office. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
washing or housecleanlng. 102 Stevenson St.,
near Sixth and Market.
"ANTED— Situation as bread baker. J. G. M.,
"77 Market St.. room 27.
GIRL would like a place to do light house-
work. No. 1 Golden place, bet. Hyde and
Larkin sts. Please call Monday.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
LADY would like to go out by the day house-
cleaning, washing. Ironing or take barber
towels or napkins home to wash. 1620 Pacific
aye.
YOUNG woman, with a baby, wants to work in
a good home. Address Newport House,
room 31.
WANTED— Situation as child's or Invalid's
nurse or sewing work by competent lady. Call
or address MRS. F. D., 137 Buchanan st.
EXPERIENCED woman, good American cook,
with good references; no postals. Cook, 633
Stevenson st.
YOUNG married woman would like position as
wetnurse. Address 1084 Twelfth St.. Oakland,
or call from 2 to 5.
GOOD German girl wants to do light house-
work; $12 per month. 1009 Mlsslcn st.. 1-6 p.m.
SITUATION wanted by a competent colored
woman as janitress in a building of offices;
best of city references. Address G. M. L.,
box 281. Call office. _^
GERMAN girl; general housework; good wages.
933 Haight st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MAXE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best Help. 414% O'Farrell St. tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEi' & CO., 640 Clay st.
ELDERLY man like to have Job to do light
work for his living; la acquainted with
kitchen work and can do some cooking. X.
V., box 184, Call Office.
BARBERS' Notice — A young man wants
steady job In a nice shop; good barber;
steady and sober. Address H. W. S., box 40,
Call Office.
MAN and wife want positions, city or coun-
try, as cooks or make themselves generally
useful. Address Cook, 1505 Market st. ■
BAKER, first-class on bread or cakes, wants
situation; city or country. Call or address
WILLIAM X., 15 Laskie St., between Eighth
and Ninth, near Mission.
PLUMBER: Job wanted by good mechanic;
new or old work; understands plans, etc.
Address Mechanic, box 703, Call office.
WANTED by a man and wife, a place In a
first-class country hotel; woman a first-class
cook. Address or call JOHN DICKSON, 1221
Mission st.
MAN and wife. German, can speak some Eng-
lish, like positions on milk ranch or private
family; wife Is good cook. Address B.
ROSETT, box 740, Call office.
CARPENTER wants work at repairing old
work or making new or painting roofs. Box
791, Call office. -
GERMAN, 29 years old. very strong, speaks
som« English, wishes work of any kind. A.
X., box 731, Call. ■
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher and typewriter by young man; flrst-
class references. K. L., box 703, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener, good propa-
gator, can milk, run a gasoline engine and
take care of horses. Address box 225, Call.
BOY attending Lick School anxious to obtain
employment before and after school hours;
wages nominal. S., box 322, Call.
AN educated man. a physician, familiar with
official and other forms of correspond-
ence, good French scholar, has traveled ex-
tensively, desires position as secretary, book-
keeper, agent or general assistant and com-
panion. Address M., box 7, Call office. Oak-
land.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young man
as watchman, porter, stableman, milk, or any
position of trust; references. Address A. D.,
Sl2 K. arny st. v: "Jy'M
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2ic to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
FOR country^ chambermaid, assist waiting,
hotel, $20, see party here early this morning;
7 waitresses, $20; 2 cooks, boarding-houses,
$25; colored girl for housework, $25, and girls
for housework in several surrounding towns.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN and American nurses, $20; 3 Ger-
man, French and Irish second girls, $20; 4
cooks. German style, $25; 3 waitresses, hotel
and restaurants. ; s2o— ss and $6 week; cooks,
small boarding-house. $20; cleaning girl, $15,
and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. ■ - .
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st., want—
10 waitresses for s Southern . California; also
waitresses for Fresno, Bakersfleld, Vlsalla,
Kern (see parties here, fare paid), $20 each;
also waitresses for Santa Cruz Springs, San
Jose, Napa, Palo Alto, San Mateo, Gilroy,
$20 and $25; also 3 chambermaids, to wait,]
country. $20: for the city, 3 waitresses, $20; 2
chambermaids, to watt, $21 (see party here 10
a. m.); 2 chambermaids, to wait. $20; cham-
bermaid, $20; French cook, .few boarders, $25;
mother and young daughter, cook and help
small boarding house." $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, want to-day
2 cooks, Jewish families. $25; 2 American,
private family, cooks, $25; house girl, 2 in
family, $25; house girl, 2 in family. $20; and a
 number of house girls for city and country
places, $15, $20, $25; cook, small family, $25;
and young second girl, $10, for Vacaville (see
lady here 10 a. m.). C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. : . ,
3 WAITRESSES for resort near city, steady
work (see party here 10 a. v m.), $20; also
waitress for sanitarium, $25. C.' R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. '-'■;:]
COOK and nurse girl, same house, $20 and $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR first-class help call at LEON ANDRE'S,
816 Stockton st. .
HELP XV ANTED- Continued.
A FRENCH governess, $30; German governess,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutler st.
A COOK, Jewish family, $40. MISS CULLEN~
325 gutter St. __.
A MOTHER and daughter, $40 3 restaurant
waitresses, $5 per week each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. - ___^
A KANCH cook. $25 per month. MISS CUL.
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT girl. light work, $12 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country, $25: laundress, $30; 2
nurses. $25 and $20; 3 second girls, $20 c«. r
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20 per month, city; waitress,
Sausallto. $20; waitress. Hanford. $20; 6 wait,
resses and chambermaids, city, $20 and $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _^
HOUSEWORK, sleep home, $15; woman keep
house, 1 lady, $12 per month, sleep home,
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NURSE girl. $15 to $20. MISS CULLEN^
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, girl, San Jose, $20, no wash;
Alameda, $20; Martinez. $20- Dixon. $20; 15
housework girls, city, $20 and $25; 8 young
girls assist, $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN, 325
Butter st. ____
2 CLEANERS, hotel, $15 each. MISS CULLEN*.
325 Sutter st. _^
2 CHAMBERMAIDS and waitresses. $20 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, wedding party, good wages.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A COLORED cook, country. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. -
A COLORED girl, housework, Arizona, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A BOARDINGHOUSE cook, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
A SECOND girl, $25; 3 second girls at $20; S
cooks at $25; cook, $30. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutler st.
HOUSE girl, San Jose, $25; cook. $30; short
distance; nurse girl. $20; young nurse girl.
$10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter at. ■
WAITRESS, $20; chambermaid, $15; girl to as-
sist In housework. $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. .
__ m __^ _— . — — — — — — _ _
COOK and second girl, same house, Oakland,
$25 and $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25; middle-aged woman, $15: 8
girls, house work, $25 and $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
2 PORTERS country hotels. $20 and found, ex-
ceptional good jobs. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay at.
GIRL wanted to do general housework and
assist in cooking; must like children. Apply
bet. 8 and 9 a. m., 814 Turk st.
WANTED— for stitching. Apply
S. N. RUTZ CO. Shoe Factory, 103 Mission st.
GIRL to car? for children; references; Bleep
home. Call 1261 Octavia st.
GIRL for general housework; to sleep home;
wages $12. Apply 630 Fulton st.
WANTED— GirIs and women to work on fruit,
376 San Jose aye.
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 724 Howard st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do general house-
work and plain cooking. 1620 Geary st.
A YOUNG German or American girl to watt
on table. Inquire bakery, 1794 Haigbt st.
SWEDISH girl for general housework. Apply
at 3360 Twenty-third st.; references.
GIRLS wanted on custom coats. 20 Ellis st.,
room 28. -I
WANTED— A young girl for light housework;
good home; small wages. Apply 318 First at.
AN operator on custom pants. 227 Fifth st.
GIRL for shooting gallery. Call 10 a. m., 414
Grant aye.
WANTED— GirI to mind baby. 239 Fifth st.
WANTED — for general housework. 3443
Twentieth st. ; call after 9 a. m.
.
GIRL to assist in ' general housework. Call
between 10 and 12 a. m., 1314 Masonic aye.
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit,
at CUTTING FRUIT PACKING CO., 1150
Harrison st.
WOMEN and girls; steady work on fruit and
canning. Callfornian Canneries Co., Ltd..
Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshirts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36Vi Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED glovemakers on machine. F.
G. CONKLIN & CO.. 413 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher, to be a good button-
hole maker on vests. 936 Mission st.
A NEAT German girl for general housework
and plain cooking; wages $15 per month. 911
Larkln st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS , 15 Grant aye.
NEAT young girl, assist with housework for •
good home. 1538 Fulton st. \
WORKING housekeeper; 3 cooks; 6 girls for
second work. TAYLOR & CO., 1023 Market.
TAILORING and dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. 118 McAllister St.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
WANTED — quartz miners, $2 50 a day; la-
borer for mine. $2 a day: blacksmith, $35 and
board; laundrymen, $30 and found; farmers,
$20; choreman, $15. and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— hotel waiters, $25 and $30; second
cooks, $20; hotel and restaurant cooks; ele-
vator boys: dishwashers and others; cook for
Nevada, $40. fare paid. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY. . . MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTS TO-DAY
500 men for Arizona
39 woodchoppers $2 25, $2, $1 50 a cord
84 tlemakers Sc. 9c and lie each
12 teamsters, city jobs $1 75 and $1 50 a day
12 farm hands. $26, $25 and $20 and found
10 laborers, city Jobs —$1 75 and $1 50 a day
6 choremen and boys on ranches, $15 and $10
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
8 FRUIT pickers Sonoma County
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE SAWMILLS WOODS
12 laborers for woods $26 and found
5 lumber pliers $1 75 a. day
26 lumber and sawmill laborers.. s26 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
$3 A DAY, strong laborers, $3 a day to work ■
on hay presses; 6 men are wanted. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
SAILOR for ■ a gentleman's yacht, see boss
here. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
v Clay st. ; ___
BUTTER-MAKER and run a separator, $30.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO CUT BRUSH ..CLEAR LAND
12 men as common laborers. $30 and found,
fare 50 cents, across the bay. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE HOP FIELDS.. CALIFORNIA
500 men ....women and children
1 to pick hops, etc. ; great crowds daily going
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORK "
California State work ""*
3 men to blast out rock for concrete work." $3
a day: 5 common laborers, $1 75 a day MUR- '
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TAILOR for country Shoemaker, country
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
N 2 ■••••"••••■COOKS LOOK HERB
29 cooks for hotels, restaurants, coffee houses
railroad camps, ranches, etc., $50. $45, $35 and
sal ClaYs?. MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and
i WAITERS for hotels and restaurants, etc..
$30, $2d and $20 and found MURRAY JC
READY, 634 and 63G Clay st. MbRRAY *
STRONG boy to learn bakery business, $5 a
rnFAnv rw 7?t k< £ P acke r- MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
I^ J? w rt^& s *^a^ ab °T r ( f ff ™ r raHroad company;
« ifn c I i? founfl ; fare $2: office fea
$1 50. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay.
5 QUARRYMEN to get out dimension stone.
3oc a foot: see boss here this a. m. ; 2 shov-
elers ami 2 teamsters, city. $1 50 a day: ranch
blacksmith, steady, see boss here this a. m •
10 woodchoppers. 4 foot pine. $1 a cord; 10 ax
men to make ties and laggings; cook, coun-
try; hotel. $50: restaurant cook, $8 a week:
boarding house waiter, $25. R. T. WARD &
CO., 60S and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— First cook. $60; short order cook."
_ $45: restaurant country, cook city, $40; sec-
ond cook, plain. hotel. $30: waiter, $40; dish-
washer, $25: shirt ironer and polisher, $40; 2
ironers, $25 to $35; man about country resort
$12; porter, hotel, $10, etc. ANDRE'S. 318
Stockton St.': y *■-:.-
rO Coatmakera wanted. Apply at
11 a. ' m. at the ■ Stevenson-st, entrance.
CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st. cowmac '*;t ; HELP WANTED- Continued.
;-:3IUTCHER for first-class hotel. Southern Call-
•-• -fornia, steady work, $60; 2 waiters ioi
■ Y springs, $25, fare advanced, steady work. C.
..,• .R-. HAN ' Jt CO., 104 Geary st
fSfeCOND cook, $60; 2 cooks and a baker foi
•'...'■■' Nevada, $110; second cook and baker, rail-
• • -road eating-house, $35; waiter, same place,
:' . .-$25: waiter, officers' lr.ess, $30; 2 waiters
•••• mme -boardlng-houee, $2,1; 2_ dishwashers for i
..mine, $25 each.. C. U. HANSEN _ CO., 10-
. . | .Gear}' st.
.? NEAT hotel waiters, $30. see party here. C
'• R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
AN experienced bellboy with references, $30. C.
. ___• HANSEN & CO., IU4 Geary st. _
• HEAD laundrymun, $35 and founj; hand laun-
- -.drynjan. $3w knd and. C. K. HANSEN _
.". ' •■ COy, 104 Geary st.
7.HAY" balers: see boss here _ lay, Sa. m.
,-"-. :O. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
.'£o MEN to pick fruit unu grapes, $1 a day. C.
• ..K-. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
.FAMILIES to plck~liops! C. R. HANSEN &
..•_CU., 104. Oeary st.
.'"CUUTEBUILDER. $50 and found: ranch black-
: - Smith; $23 anfl found; ranch carpenter, $30;
• Ifrnvei-, faff; t.rlck in, Icier, « a day and board;
•■■■£• men to chop and get out lagging, IV. sec
.- -boss Here: 2 tiemakers, lie. C. K. HAX.-LX
■-' . & CO.- 104 Geary st. •
:."8«-TEAMSTERS and 6 laborers for the Coast
■•.-•nni<l;-call Monday at 7 o'clock ready to go;
'.".free fare. C. R. HANSEN & ''''.. 104 Geary.
■IOOGMEN for railroad work in British Colum-
".'. bia laborers und rwekmen. $2 a day. and up:
■•:•.": "special reduced fare. For particulars call on
<f. R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
■LABORERS and rockmen for Alaska, $22 50.
..;',<:. R. 'HANSEX *CO., 104 . Geary at.
" : vT-\ NTED— Driver for milk route in city, ref-
•• .ere'nre required, $30 per month and found; 2
:-furnac*men for mine. $60; 4 Germans or Scan-
' ' -dlnavians. to work about furnace, no experi-
■■•': Wnoe required. $- per day; farmers, milkers,
■..••"cooks, waiters and dishwashers
■' ■'■ Hop i>ioki?rs ■ ■ ••
•. . ■ Anybody, everybody, can spend a 6 to <-
■• •"■ *t>ek" camping trip, and make money besides,
'■•■ by" picking, hops for a large company. Apply
• -: for particulars at
.;■•' •". .W. D EWER & COS.. C 26 Clay st.
'•VBF.IX boy. ?o per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
•' ; •: Sutter ?"t. • ■
.VBEEIi boy, $13 per month and found. MISS
"'■ - CULLEN, Z2i Sutter et.
' ITKlLLEjiTraeclinni.i; good wages. MISS CUX-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. '
•'• 2"»CEOTHING salesmen wanted In Pan Fran-
'.•■•' Cisco and one in each county in every State
:' ':■ .to Xhkff orders for our $5 to *1O made-to-meas-
•••■'.ure suits and overcoats; live men without ex-
: -.- perience can make $;. r .O per mi-nth: if you can
■:furn^ti satisfactory reference we Vrtll furnish
■-..- a complete sample line and outfit and start
■ : you it work at nee For particulars address
-■-AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO., Enter-
.-■•: 'prise Uuiiding. Chicago, __^____
■ -WANTRP — A young man- to eater commercial
"•' business; must be able to write shorthand
■ and typewriting. State age and salary. M.,
•. ' box 4." 'Call Office.
.. WANTED — Bright young man to learn barber
•.■■■ -trado: IM2 Market St.
" WANTED— young man to erect fire escapes.
.-. Apply 22S Fremont Et. ■
WANTED— A good carpenter this morning;
•••:'. -piecework. S2S Harrison. . .
': COOK.'wanted at 3034 Sixteenth st., : ear Va-
, - : .. lencia.
"'• "WANTED— 2 shirt backers. Sun Laundry,
':"": ■ Nineteenth and T.?leh'ruj>" aye.. Oakland.
•' WANTED— Boy to wash dishes. 521 Montgom-
;" jery st.
'. BOY wanted; one who can wait on table and
".'■: vlo porter work in general. 37 ... St.
'.. WANTED — An experienced waiter at 24S East
.- . street. .
WANTED— Good second cook. Park Hotel, 26
.. . Turk st.
■" WANTED — Man to sell plants on commission.
•' ; : , 800 Haight st.
WANTED — Good tailor; steady work; good
■ ,'waj.'es.' 56S Minna st.
"5 KECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
. •- rirle corps,- United States navy; able-bodied,
.'. " unmarried men, between the ages of 21 ana
. '. -30 years, ho are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
'. • their Intention to become such; must be of
■ ! i?ood character and habits and able to speak,
";" r.fexfd rand write English, and be between 3
. feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
■• . Information api>ly at the recruiting office. 20
-.' Ellis ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
. WAITED— Laborers and mechanics to know
-.' • that Ed Koikin. Reno House proprietor, still
-■'.-•runs Denver House, 117 Third et. ; 150 large
- _. T^_, Tng . «-,-. J><?r nitrht: *'. to $3 per week.
-■•COAL 'miners wjio have •■■:.• vein
• r* wanted. Apply to TESLA COAL CO., room
:.■"• iiis.. sr? Montgomery st.-
. COATMAKBR for country. Apply REISS
; '■;.• BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
"'."WARDROBE renovatory. 142 Eddy. St.. a bush-
• . '•relnian who understands pressing;, also soliclt-
.".•"••ors.
>. STRONG buy to work In store; wages $!5 a
...•".TnonHi. Call box A 7S*3.
-AV-ANTi:D — An experienced bun wrapper of
■•'.• lons experience: one having handled clothing
/i;; preferred. RAPHAELS'. t
--&AXLGRS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
.Australia. Europe. HERMANS. 26 Steuart.
■.MONEY on diamond?, sealskins, watches and
V Jewelry a. UNCLE HARRIS 15 Grant aye.
".'•^VaN'TED— Live energetic man. Apply 21S Me-
■- -Alllster. St., at or.cc.
..GO -to 29 Grant •v.c, room 24, and learn how
. "to make $30 a day.
-^"!C ea?y thin? to make $10 a day. 29 Grant
",'..- aye.. room 24.
•SEVERAL hounds broken for deer hunting.
~ ; 'Address box 14, Call office.
■BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
j iri't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
•BARBERS' Aes'n Free Employm't Office. B.
= FUCHS, Fee. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
" 'WANTED— At Montana use, 764H Mission
}" ' 6t-\"- m^n to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
■ -night; >"/)c, W)c and $1 per week.
JIE.N" to iearn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
'-• -Francisco Barber College, 138 Vj Eighth st.
_AlL end ordinary seamen wanted at
[-.;i LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
.MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2.10; men's
;•; i<oling. Ssc; only one price. 869 Howard st.
15-TNGLE furnished, li:.". large, sunny and airy
V rooro. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
,-T.RY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
-. for a room; 2", c a night; $1 a week. ■
.WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
.• -.clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter Bt.
!'§INOLE room*, 10c and 15c night: 7.", c and «1
: : week. LindelJ House, Sixth and Howard Bts.
■'WINCH ESTER house, 44 Third st., near
.-V Market; 200 rooms, 2.".c night; reading-room;
.".- -free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
JKINTH, 167— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
: • *rr!ptl"ns p.nd want ads taken.
.•;.••• FURNITURE WASTED.
-.C-A'PH for fixture*, groceries, furniture, me'-
■■' rhandise; sold on mission; reasonable. E.
: C'OHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 190*.
■ji, &A.UM buys, furniture and general mer-
■y^tißr.dtsP. 1057 Market : tel. Jennie 32.
ROOMS AND HOARD "WANTED.
FURNISHED room wanted in exchange for
■ -high-class tailoring. W., box 7*3. Cal>«)fflre.
• ; WANTED— .MISCELLANEOUS.
' PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
. rafj», nd-hand, 109 Montgomery St. .
■;. " LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
-A"^KREDo'X'co".TriT!7rrTrs'/4 GEARY ST.
• MONEY TO LOAN AT LOW RATES....
.'•ICS - rooms; best paying in city ......S4ZOO
■'S3 rooms; 36 bay windows JfXX j
u0 rooms; apartment; clears $150 i W
;■ ii; rooms; apartment; elegant 2800
'•■B4. rooms; fine corner; half cash 200")
• 23 rooms; clears $75 month «j™
28 rooms; two entrances; Market... 300 j
: • 16 room*; O'Farrell; elegant I*"' 1
■'11 "rooms; Geary; doctor -.-a rent... 560
'•. 10 -rooms; O'Farrell; corner ■"■ ■
■ -9 rooms; also 8 roi.ms; bargains 225
'- Othere too numerous to mention. KREDO
. '&tCO. . , ...-.- J
, MUST be sold 'Monday, August 15 1898: the best !
• offer takes the 2 entra house, 13 and 15% j
JVwvH st.; new oak and a»h furniture; house ;
fast completely papered and painted. A. M.
•/"SPECK & CO., 602 Mark-t «t. • - ■
H. C. DECKER, IOtO Market St.. opp. Fifth. j
6-room flat; central ; i 150 |
-..10 rooms; corner; very good 250 <
'24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 900
iS rooms; comer; clears $250.'. ..'. .* 2200
" 100 others; 2 to 300 rooms; prices 1100 to.. SOOO
••8-room flat; near City Hall. ' 250 i
..75-r»om house; rent $50 ...'. 650 i
BEE MY LIST IN' THE EXAMINER.
. H. c. DECKER. lf)20 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— SO ROOMS; clears $125 , $1200
. 33 rooms; north of Market st.; fine 1900
31 rooms; transient; Market 5t.... i'so
15- rooms; select: transient corner 800
li rooms; fine house; Income $60 clear 900
• 40' rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap .... i
• CO rooms; part cash; transient 1450
'.• 6 rooms; beautiful home; Fee It 250
•IS rooms; Market St.; clears $200; cheap... 850
'•: ROGERS & HYDE. 120} Market st. (L. W.
'! ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
ODOINO-HOUBE: bargain on account of
"__ Blckuesg. MCLAUGHLIN _ co., 777 Market.
I^-ROQM> house; good roomers; must sell this
'■ we . e>t : offer wanted. Box 898, Call office. ;
10- ROOM house cheap; must leave city. 842
Taylor st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
- $375— OYSTER house north of Market St.; old-
r established; beet place in town; owner going
East. M. LESS, 766 Market st.
- $600— DELICACY store north of Market St.;
r old-established; present owner there 9 years;
a rare bargain; fine location. M. LESS, 7C5
. Market st.
i $400-STATIONERY, notion and variety store
i north of Market st.; 4 living-rooms: cheap
rent; One opportunity; old-established trade.
' M. LESS. 765 Market St.
A— s226; PARTNER wanted in well-paying res-
taurant; centrally located; owner tired of un-
reliable help; trial given to suitable party.
Apply M. LESS,' 765 Market St., opposite The-
lan building.
: $300— CIGAR stand, laundry office; north of
Market; fine fixtures, clean stock; a snap:
owner has other business. M. LESS, 765
' Market St., opposite Phelan building.
' FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; billiards, pool,
side rooms; central: must sell this week;
■ r-'OO. M. LESS. [65 Market, opp. Phelan bldg.
$250— FRUIT and vegetable store; north of Mar-
ket: horse and wagon; living-rooms; rent
cheap; good living; present owner there 6
; years; must be sold at once; owner going
; away. M: LESS. 765 Market st., opposite
; Phelan building. .
$500— COUNTRY saloon in liveliest town near
city; positively best' location there; must sell
; on account of sickness. Apply M. LESS. 7C5
; Market at. ' ...
\ I860; cigar store close to the Emporium;
fine location: go, business; excellent bar-
galn. WILKE. 7S3M; Market St., new No. 845.
$500— BAKERY in lively country town: baking
average daily Hi barrels: horse, wagon; rent
$25; a first-class offer and 6plendld opening.
WILKE. 845 Market st.
$2200 — CORNER saloon in choicest downtown
location: kept by owner the last 12 years and
doing a first-class paying business; owner to
retire; investigate at once; a very rare
chance. WILKE, 845 Market St.
SALOON in very best location; close to
theaters, hotels and newspaper offices; a good
class of trade and excellent paying; rent $50.
Particulars WiLKE, 7*3 Market. St.; new
number, 545.
CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin st.;
established many years: known as a leading
and money-making place: must be sold at
once on account of other business investment
of owner. Particulars WILKE, 7S>3 Mar-
ket st. ; new number 845.
A— lo RELIABLE men wanted with $500 to
$1000 each to invest in one of the most pros-
perous enterprises on this coast; security
given; will guarantee 600 per cent profit; this
week only. KREDO & CO., 22 1 ._ Geary st.
A— s7s; BRANCH bakery and notions; also $350
branch bakery. KREDO & CO.
$250— KEARNY-st. cigar stand; good business;
a bargain; must be Bold. KREDO & CO., 22^i
Geary st.
HUNDREDS of bargains In business chances;
don't buy until you call on KREDO &. CO.,
22H Geary st. ■
CORNER saloon; oid established business; on
one of. the principal business streets, with
family rooms and side entrance; this is an ex-
ceptional bargain on account of disagreement
of partners. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Markt.
$2000 Drug store, best part of city; more than
full value in stock; leaving the State cause of
sale. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO., 777 Market st.
HIGH] cash prices paid for restaurants,
ealoons, fixtures, grocery stocks; quick sales.
STENBERG & CO., 26^ Kearny st.
$325— CORNER butcher shop: Western Addl-
ti in; does cash business of $20 daily; rent $15.
STENBERG & CO., 26H Kearny st.
$2500— LEGITIMATE business; clears from $200
to $300 month; suitable for 1 or 2 men; full ln-
vestlgatlon. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market.
A— GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
$750. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— DELICACY store: 2 rooms: rent $12; good
corner. ROGERS & HTDE, 1206 Market st.
$250— COAL yard; 1 block from Market St.; flne
location; long established: horses, wagons:
good business,; bargain. JONES & SEARLL,
865 Market st.
$300— P ARTN ER wanted In light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help: business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no experi-
ence required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
cash; Apply from 3 to 5 p. m., at 724^ Mar-
; ket St., room 17. *
GROCERY and bar; established 40 years; pres-
e nt owner in it 20 years; sickness cause <3f
sale. Eighth arid Harrison, opposite Recrea-
tion Park. ■
$2."o— Will buy drinking- paloon, 650 Sacramento,
I near Kearny St.; good old stand.
BARBER shop, three rhairs, for sale; $250.
Address box 24SS. Call Office.
; RESTAURANT for Kale; cheap. Apply 310
.Third .st. - . ' i
CHANCE of a lifetime — A man with money to
manufacture a money-making, first-class pat-
ent can be made here or in the East, and
will give large returns on the Investment,
either cash or property taken as part pay-
ment. Any one desiring to enter business In
the ■:.i-t or in this State will do well to In-
vestigate. Address box C 0.05,. 05, Call.
$IoOO— WANTED, 3 active young men with first-
class references to complete party of 8 for an I
expedition to South Sea and Philippine island) .
object trading, exploration and prospecting.
Address l.ox 222. Call office.
A NEATLY fitted up, good paying employment
office; house renting and business opportuni-
ties; price $350; selling account 111 health.
Address Call Office, '.'OS Broadway, Oakland.
FOR Sale— Lot In the Academy tract. Francis
st , clo?e to Mission; I must sell; no agents.
C. D., box 1000, Call Office.
BARGAIN; modern cottage; pleasant view; in
Mission; street sewered; water. Address A.
W.. box 731. Call Office^ ______
ASSOCIATES and money wanted for high
grade mining; liberal deal. D. N., box 11&4,
Call Office.
$50— GROCERY store and furniture of two
rooms. 645 Natoma St.; rent $11.
I MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MUST change climate; will sell cheap or ex-
change for small Improved place in country:
long- established, well-paying hardware ana :
variety store; center of city. A., box 293, Call.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough '
for 2 men; thorough investigation given; re-
i duce stock If necessary. 621 E. 12th, Oakland.
$175— SALOON for sale, with living rooms; do-
ing good business; very cheap rent. Inquire
Call office.
FOR — Harbor shop; 2 chairs: easy terms;
beautiful climate. American Barber Shop,
San Luis Obtapo, Cal.
$gno— GROCERY: bar; fixtures; 4 rooms furni-
ture for sale; fine corner. Address C. G. box
70. Call. ;- ■-. ■:>■.
CIGAR store, oor. Silver and Third; account
of leaving city. Inquire 184% Third st.
RESTAURANT for sale; 759 Mission »t., near
Fourth;' receipts from $35 to $40 per day; good
chance for buyer.
OLD established picnic place; good business;
a bargain; acre of ground; horse, buggy and
cart; milch cows'; splendid 6-room house with
bath; stable and barn. Apply 23 Third st.
$COO— SALOON In good . location; must be sold
at once on account of sickness; trial given.
Inquire at C. R. THRANE, 10 Seventh st.
OLD established bakery In country for sale;
proprietor has another business on hand. Ad-
dress P. O. box 94, Napa, Cal.
$1100— CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
Box 431, Call office.
$500— BOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms; 18 regular boarders] trial before buy-
ing. Address M. J., box 4, Call office, Oakland.
OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3164
Twenty-fourth st.
TO PRINTERS— job office In Oak-
land; cheap for cash. D., box 1. Call, Oakland.
FOR sale— route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & OO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 GO, postage
paid. :
WAGONS. AND CARRIAGES.
I SECOND-HAND wagons, all kinds, from $10
up. 1011 Harrison, near Sixth.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for ciish or installments ; 1 fine top and oyen
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
HORSES.
BARGAIN— fin* horse 'and express wagon,
"with years of experience. Apply to C. A.
WRIGHT, 430 Montgomery st. . - ..
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
M HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand" Arcade Horse Mar-
kef 327 Sixth; auction sales^every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 hordes; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. .
&14W1NG MACHINES. ~ r
AUTOMATIC. Domebtic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission Bt.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. 1
THE S_\JN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1808.
HOUSES TO LET.
at 715 Gutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable ' for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice for
business and residence combined; investigate.
FURNITURE of beautiful 20-room house on
Van Ness, near Ellis: bargain for cash; mod-
ern house; or will rent. 803 Van Ness aye. ,
HOUSE 6 rooms; large yard; 1024 Pacific St.;
rent $13. - ______
HOWARD, 705— Upper part of house; 6 sunny
• rooms and bath; rent cheap.
O'FARRELL, 261 House of 13 rooms and bath;
in good order; north side.
RESIDENCE, 10 rooms. 703 Taylor St., near
Butter; residence, 11 rooms, €07 Stockton st.,
near Pine. Inquire room 614. Call building. _
SUNNY house of 7. rooms and bath; large base-
ment and garden. 1411 Scott st. .
BUNNY 6-room house; perfect order; newly
papered. 1321 Webster »t., near O'Farrell.
WEBSTER. 1908, bet. California and Pine— 9
rooms and bath; rent reduced to $37 50. ,
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
i. ',■;-; st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
$15 — FURNISHED cottage 4 rooms and bath;
yard, basement. 8832 Nineteenth st. UMB-
SEN it CO., 14 Montgomery st.
~ " COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER, 1513— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
large yard; $17.
COTTAGES from $10 to $20; beautiful view;
suites $$. 1312 Union rt. j
O'FARRELL, Bunny cottage of 4 rooms in
good order.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautiful; NW.
corner Sutter and Scott; 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth; 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
BRYANT, 511, near Third— One small neatly
■furnished ninny suite back; $7 per month.
FELL, sSs^Elegant fiat; 7 large rooms; bath
and basement. ■
FIFTEENTH St., 1525—2 new flats, 4 and 5
rooms; bath, 1 yard, cellar.
FINE bay-window Bat, 6 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent $16. 3653 Nineteenth st. _^_
FIRST, Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping. _.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; all modern
improvements. 3435 Twentieth. All 4-room
flat, 3442 Twentieth st.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 525 Myrtle aye., bet.. Octavia
and Laguna, Geary and OFarrell.
FLAT of five sunny rooms, bath; rent cheap.
2176 Fifteenth St., near Market.
j FLAT to let: newly renovated; 5 rooms and
bath; rent $12. 2503V6 Howard st.
MISSION 1513 A —Flats 5 and 6 sunny rooms;
bath; laundry; rents $15 up. L. JOHNSON.
Box IOCIL^ _^
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OCTAVIA, 155— Two weeks free; family would
let parlors; no other rooms; unfurnished If
desired; no children.
POLK, 717— Sunny, nicely furnished rooms;
privilege of housekeepnlg; rent cheap.
POST, 2Go7— Bay window flat of 5 sunny
rooms; $14; all modern Improvements.
j SCOTT, 2040, corner Sacramento— Eight rooms
and attic. -.~ -.-•-;. a
TAYLOR, 407— A well-furnished lower flat of 3
rooms.
THREE nice rooms to let. 11 Clara _t., bet.
Third and Fourth. '
TO LET— Handsome lower riat, 6 rooms. 738
Fourteenth St., near Market.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms. 162 Clementina st. ; rent
$10. _
WE caiTrent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN ._ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st" ___i
$IS— WATER free; nice flat, 5 rooms and bath;
nicely papered; all accommodations; 15038
Howard St., near 11th. Apply MADISON &
BURKE, 628 Market st. .
6 SUNNY rooms and bath. 85 Pleasant St.,
off. Jones.
; I! !•;■:!; fiat of four rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye., near Laguna Bt^
|10 r,|T — FLAT of 4 Funny rooms. 125 A Page St.,
bet. Gough and Octavla^ ;
$16; FIVE rooms, bath and yard. 1027 Post St., ;
near LarkJn. . - ______
♦"IjCrSAX 4O&E aye;. 143, nr. 24th— New modem
flat, 5 sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath;
mirror mantels: ''''
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 370— Flat to let; 3 rooms; $12; fur-
nished. '
BRYANT, Ml, near Third— One small neatly
furnished sunny suite back; $7 per month.
ELLIS 557— Three rooms, furnished or un-
furnished for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 24S — Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap.
FIFTH, 322 — Newly renovated, sunny front,
connecting housekeeping rooms; complete;
bath; private; $10. . _____
FIFTH. 353—3 furnished housekeeping, $13; also
2 or 3 furnished, with bath; single, 14.
HOWARD, 761% Nicely furnished sunny suite,
with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1653— Three-room suite; sunny and
good neighborhood; large yard; 1%.
LAFAYETTE, 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms: rent $12.
McALLISTER, 422—2 or 3 nicely furnisned
rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA. 739— Two sunny furnished rooms; com-
■ plete for housekeeping.
MISSION 561.n»ar Second— Large sunny front
room and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1125%— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; cheap.
MISSION, 1120— Newly furnished, large sunny
room . with kitchen; rent $10.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, sealskins
and J-werly at 15 Grant aye.
NINTH, Bum.y suite of rooms for house-
keeping; large bay window room also.
O'FARRELL. 4tio : - Housekeeping rooms; gas
and bath. j
POLK 1403— Large bay-window Bunny front
room', with use of kitchen; complete.
BHOTWELL, 217—2 or '■'■ connecting rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas and bath.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— 2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms;, com-
plete; 'front first floor; bath, gas.
TWENTY-THIRD, 8168, near Howard— Part of
nice sunny flat; use of bath- and laundry;
cheap. '
VAN NESS aye., 415— Newly furnished front
suite; housekeeping and unfurnished rooms.
VAN NEFS aye . — Two sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping, .with bath; $12.
VAN NESS avi . 1021 A front sunny suite, 2
rooms and kitchen; paw range.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel — Rooms without board; ac-
comm 'datioiis for cooking. 2th & Washington.
ROO3IS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
tsunny- rooms, en suit* and single; first-claaa
in every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A SNAP — Light, neatly furnished room; double
bed, large closet; $6. SOSA Larkln st.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Kills!'
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
A STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo. ,
at 00:1 Hyde, Butter 71,- 717-71 829^ and Mason
407— Choice;' sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
AT 416 O'Farrell — Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running -water.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell — Rooms by the
day, week or month: very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; transient; near principal clubs.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Ma.«on— suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double mis.; $8, $10 mo.
DE LONG aye., 15—1 neatly furnished room;
cheap; convenient to cars. ;\
EDDY, 318— Newly furnished sunny 6Ulte and
single rooms; unfurnished if desired.
ELLIS 414 — 2 rooms; small front ■ and back
yards; suitable for Invalid or woman in con-
finement; $16. •" .■?■ .'."■: ' ■ * - ■'.'■■"'
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.;- : ' : .
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny corner, room; run-
ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— sl . week and up;
nice clean sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HTBB. |
i
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. ~>|
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny back parlor;
piano, hot and cold water; other suites; light
housekeeping.
GEARY. 610— Elegantly furnished rms.; suites
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, ■ near, Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 307— Furnished rooms;
single; gas; bath; private family; $7 up.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE 736— A nice large unfurnished or fur-
nished room; private family; nice location;
reasonable.
lIAIGHT, 3 Neat furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 1129— Corner room; sun all day;
double bed; $S; other rooms cheaper.
HOWARD, ISOO, cor. Fourteenth— 3 or 4 sunny
front rooms: rent 18.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate Nice Funny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LEAVENWORTH. 517—2 unfurnished rooms $3.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, nr. Post— Large unfur-
nished sunny room and kitchen; reasonable.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
window room; $1 per week. j
MONET loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
O'FARRELL, — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. ,'eek or month.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club—
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 106, near Market Furnished rooms
for rent; 250 night and up.
TAYLOR, 706 — well-furnished sunny room for
gentleman.
.TURK, 127 — Nice large light parlor; suitable
doctor or of nee: cheap to right party.
VAN NESS. 808— Beautiful sunny rooms; newly
. furnished; modern every respect.
ROOMS AND lIOARD.
BUSH, 675 — Large room; 2 beds; bath and fam-
ily board for two; $36 per month.
ELLIS, olS^-Nlce sunny rooms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOAI. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 403— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board: also single room; private; reasonable.
HYDE, 1105(Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath: gas; telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 163— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; tingle rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg.;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reas.
VAX NESS, 930 handsome sunny suite; alao
single rooms; modern conveniences; board
optional.
STORES TO LET.
FINE store, living rooms; fit for any bustnesa;
1007 Larkin st. ; $14. Apply 102 Eddy st.
FOR rent— Large, roomy building, suitable for
wood and coal, hay and grain, general pro-
dues business; good location; low rent. In-
quire room 614, Call building.
STORE to let— Third st.
STORE corner Eleventh and Mission sts.; fine
stand for saloon or French liquor store.
$15 — WATER free; store and ' 3 rooms; sunny
and well lighted; location busy; 1509 A How-
ard. Apply to MADISON & BURKE, 626
Market st.
$15— STORE, with 3 living rooms. 375 Sanchez, j
next public school; key SSI Sanchez st.
EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNl3 MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bur.h St.,
near Jones.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt.— Book
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYREB" Business College, 723 Market st ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
ACRES' Business Collage] 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, •Stc. : life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly; 50c an hour: excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1203 Octavla st.
PIANO Instructions, $1: singing. $1 50 a les-
son. A. A. KDGERLY. care San Francisco
Music Co.. 225 Sutter st. .
UNIVERSITY Coast— Newell Perry, Ph. FeU
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S, Atherton.
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mln-
lng, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAX DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Lelpstc. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
*"^"""*" — ~ »— _■»
LOST.
■ . ...^ !J '..._,._
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of Cornelia Sullivan. No. 218,421. The
finder will please return to bank,
LOST— Pug bitch, Saturday evening, near
Flllnu.ro and Pine. Return to 1915 Pierce,
near Pine St., and receive reward.
$5 REWARD Lost Thursday In Oakland or
San Francisco, memorandum book contain-
ing commutation ticket and business papers.
11 left at 213 Jackson St., finder will receive
reward.
LOST — A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ROBERT GORE or JOSEPHINE
GORE; No. 21S-1438. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES GAFNEY. No. 67,325. Tho
finder will please return to bank.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; .
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Etocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
L. B. CLARK— Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consutatlon free; no fees in advance.
I TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewritten) sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery. •
NEW Hammond. $3S: Callgraph, $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co., '.
office Tenth and Market; telephone South l«ii.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. . Golden West Stor-
nge Warehouse. 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint IS2L
TO LEASE.
TUB old building of the T. M. • C. A.,
Sutter st.; long, lease; very low terms; can :
be rented as a whole, or In divisions; large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fu^.t-d. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.
V BICYCLES.
BfG sacrifice, second-hand bicycles; first come. J
first rerved. J. HOLLE. ' 20th and Foluom «t».
'...■.\ .■.-•.: PHYSICIAKS. ~ '■■•■:■:.■. :
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence. 4
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
WILL any old miners of the early 'GO'S who
knew Morris Ingram or John Hanks, from
years '52 to '56, write to Mrs. Florence
Hoyer, Paducah, Ky., or answer through
paper ' ■
I HAVE great satisfaction In the realization of
artistic hairdresslng done here for 25c; hair
restored to its natural color. $1 50 up;
witches, $1; fine, $3 50: extra. <.',; open Sun-
day 9to 12. <; LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVEN. vocal teacher, 12J6 Market
St., furnishes at short notice soloists for
opera, oratorio concert and church; arranges
and leads opera performances In English,
Italian, German and French.
LEDERER'S Quinonia will cure that dandruff.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton at.
PILES; Freiling'a Piles Warranted to
cure all cases; $1 per box. Residence 1023
Devlsadero st., near Sutter st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHILDREN'S class at Hinman'a School of
Dancing. 1412 Polk St., Is now open on Satur-
day afternoons.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
NEW method of treating diseases by elec-
tricity; lessons given. 1513 A Howard st.
PILES— If you are troubled with them ad-
dress box 6984. Call office, for cure.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 957 Market st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes ■ children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D..
branch Call office, 357 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO. Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $6
up; dresses made over. 3 Ed ly st., rm. 14-15.
CJLAIKVOYANT9.
THE RECOGNIZED LEADER
Of Clairvoyance and Occult Science.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
MANY IMITATE,
BUT NO ONE CAN EQUAL. -\;_
PROF. M. OMAR The Occult Wonder
HAS NO EQUAL.
325.... EDDY 5T.... 325.
Gives full name of every caller.
Names of your sweethearts or husband.
Gives advice to make you successful in love,
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences.
OMAR.. NEVER FAILS
TO UNITE THE SEPARATED
and
Causes speedy and happy marriages.
Guarantees success In all cases.
Private Residence. •
Separate parlors for ladies and gentlemen.
All business sacredly confidential.
Letters containing 4 questions and $1 answered.
( MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clairv. -ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery In life; will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
rntlsf action guaranteed by mail. Send -stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 28, 1206 Market street.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffertag humanity;
stamp for circular. .232 Stockton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
cord reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
Me, gents $1; palm, and Hair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 26c. 148 Sixth st., room Id.
MME. MOREAU. best , medium .. and. card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI: ycur tune told by
chlroKraphy, $1 and $2. Vii Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c; Indies only. 23 Ash aye.
M.ME. SODAN, Scotch seereßS, card reader and
palmist: from 9 to 8. 619 Eddy st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle tr» grave: future hus-
band's picture, 2.' ■■■ . ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SEELETS test meeting, Cambrian
Hall. 1183 Mission; Mrs. Dr. Tobias, Dr.
Rln-es, others; 10c.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; cir. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m. Man. 8; 85c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Halght Bt.
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
> PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings daily at resi-
dence, 363 Geary Ft.
HYPNOTISM
DEMONSTRATORS of statura: ism—
evening, August 16, sick healed free; every-
body welcome. College Therapeutics, 305 Lar-
kin st.
MEDICAL.
DR. .TOSSELYN. the great specialist, removed
to 86,' Vi Market St., opp. Powell; chronic and
private diseases, lost manhood, female trou-
Dies, Irregularities, especial attention; with a|
mind matured and enriched by studies of nn
advanced order and 65 years' practice (43 year*
In this city), enables him to warrant a per-
fect cure In all cases; his female monthly
remedies are safe and never fail; consulta-
tions free: letters promptly attended to. J.
H. JOSSELYN, M. D.; S6SM; Market st., S. F.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M: DaWs,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
M ; pills, $1; very strong, $2. ; ,-,;■..
ALL of Dr. Foulet's caps are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts a;- a pre-
ventive; price $1 M per box, sent free by I
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases tree. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. 'WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. ;
offices. Hackmeier Hotel, 123 Eddy St.: hours
9 to 11. 2 to 5 and 0 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained in all 'cases; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores nil cases of
monthly irregularities (f-om whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at nil times
when others have tailed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed: consultation
.free and confidential; self-cure. SB; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WVKTIi, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments' used: restores In one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, «i: cure $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free: confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted Into good homes.
BAITS French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D.i don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
enn find good home _ treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2514 Fulton St.; 'McAllister car passes house.
MRS. ACHARD,- midwife; home In confine-
ment; conflnsment alone, $5. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254 ! i Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market st., diseases of women
and children. .
I MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. t
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
' $1100 AT $10 a month; bay-window cottage;
stable and lot; street work complete. Bos
4632, Call.
$2000 — ONE-SIXTH cash, balance small
monthly payments; 4 rooms and bath cottage
1 finished complete -with every modern conve-
■ nience; lot 25x114. on Twentieth St., near Castro.
$3600— 5500 CASH, balance installments: a
i large 6-room 2-story boose with high finished
! basement: highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice location. Castro si.,
■ ; near Twentieth. F. NELSON, 709 Castro st.
i j PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of bldg. W. Rednall, bldr., 1326 Hayes.
MONEY to LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204. ■>?.--. ■■; ;
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room CB, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rases; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, mi. 4.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
, removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister at.
$50 TO $00,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery ?t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND , REAL ESTATE}.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
100x120 FOR $625; best lot for the money in
Oakland; only six minutes' walk to local
Station; only 30 minutes to Ban Francisco;
lot Is worth to-day $1200: easy terms, but
must be sold. JAS S. NAISMITH, 464 Ninth
St., Oakland.
$3COO. COST $2500; story-and-a-ialf new house:
mortgage $1300; must be sold at once; $300
cash; fine neighborhood; street macadamized,
etc. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
rublic: property locked after. 814 Broad why
OAKLAND HOUSES.
» j-.---.--r.- - -.-, --, -,-r-.-,-- -. -■!■-■_
COTTAGE, large grounds; good looation. 441
Sherman aye., near Thirty-sixth. Telegraph-
avenue cars.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
6 ROOMS completely furnished; central loca-
tion; very cheap at $21 per month. Address
W. A. C, box 10. Call office.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board: quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE^Good^nd cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI.AIIi:i)A REAL ESTATIS.
HERE'S a bargain — House of 6 rooms, lot 40x
207:6; near station; good residence or business
location; good well water; price $1250; part
cash. Address A. F. ST. SURE, attorney,
City. Hall, Alameda.
ATTENTION! Fine property for sale cheap;
corner lot; 134 feet on Pacific aye. by 150 Feet
on Schilier St.; fine property for a large
residence, or If necessary could be subdivided:
3 houses on premises; '■< or 6 rooms each; all
rented. Apply to BEN ART AT. corner house.
$2100 WILL buy fine lot, with elegant modern
6- room cottage built to order. Terms, J. H.
YOUNG. 124;: Park st.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4*100; neat noose: 4 rooms and
j bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 6 rooms and
j bath; any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new thinsled 2-story
' house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
I $2500.
$2Soo— Lot 42x150; elegant n«w modern cottage;
| 7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Let 42x150: fine NW. corner; 1 rooms
and bath: new and modern.
Lot 100x145: elc.ant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All veil located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
, 11. P. MOREAL & CO..
Houses to let. 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR TRADE— cottage near electric
cars; short walk to U. C. grounds. Address
222:: Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS -we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
name as If purchased for all '-ash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments' and some good pianos for S3, $4 and
$.") per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Slitter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
ad way, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER ft CHASE'S,
2K. 2S and 30 urrell st. Pianos, organs and
all '•musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CLEARANCE sale— To make room for car-
loads coming we will sell a large lot of
new and second-hand pianos cheap for cash.
Time sales on easy terms. The J. Dewing
Company, 12 Flood building.
MARSHALL & WENDELL, $75; C. Hall.
$100; Bradbury, $130: Neuman, $145; Sterling,
$185; iSstey, $190; guaranteed; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Chickering agents,
16 O'Farrell st. . ; ■ --'■■
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 153 Market St.; they
are making room for froth stock.
WE Invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 • eary -st.,
corner Grant aye. ; Connover agents. \
SOHMEH ft CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brigge and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. SOS, 310. 312 Post st.
A— sCo; UPRIGHT; $5 installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. .
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next Hlberala Bank, schmitz. ; . ;
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, SO O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mi'LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1 INTOSH & WOLPM AN. IK-}*) Fremont st.
A BARGAIN— new National Cash Reg-
ister for sale cheap; cash or easy monthly
payments. Room 313, Emporium building,
third floor. - -
FRESH cow for sale; $35. 122 Farallon St.,
■ Ocean View. :r.: r . - . ".•
FOR sale — Marble-top walnut bedroom set,
with new wire mattress and top mattress;
also walnut cheffonler; price $12 50. 2406
Folsom st. -
FOR SALE Round end counter at your own
price. 124 Oak st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
j Mission st., above Sixth.
A FINE thing for a present; full Una of
graphqphones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. Cl 6 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
proj^ctoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 935-946 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. ; So. 757.
SAFES— Bargains in | new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 103-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission St., nr. Seventh.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $3; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10- years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling?. 50c; crowns. $:: 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth .-t.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine! Leek dent-
• ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. neai
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
.specialty; all. work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. SCO Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
i & CHRISTIE. S Mason St.. cor. Market.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st.; tel S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.; tel. South 225; lowest rates. .
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. -10 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS."
Birth, marriage and death notices pent by
mail will not be ir.serted. They must be
handed in at either or the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence at
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. = ';• i» j
BEEBE— In this city. August 3, 1898, to the
wife of William Beet>e. a daughter. '
DIED.
Arnold, Mary A- Mogan, John P. ,
Boyenval, Henriette Melia, Patrick J. ,
CavdnaKh. Julia Morris, Rosalie
Cohn, Meyer A. Monti, Paul
Doyle, James P. Montevaldo, Orsollna
Ellis, Walter F. Starke, Louie G ,
Hillabrand, George Weber, George J.
Kelly, John Young-Bruce. Wm.
McKeown, Caroline . Zweybruck. Fred B.
ARNOLD— In this city. August 12, 1898, Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of George Arnold, and
dearly beloved mother of Frank A., Harry
P., James i; . Sidney W., Alice E.. George
M. and Arthur F. Arnold, a native of Salem,
Mass., aged 43 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 'uneral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 7.13 Vermont street, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth, thence- to St. Charles Bor-
romeo Church, corner Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets, for services, commencing at 11
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOYENVAL— In Oakland. August 11. 1898.
Henriette, beloved wife of Armand Boyenval,
a native of France, aged 68 years.
CAVANAGH— this city, August 14, 1838,
Julia, mother of the late Eugene W. Cav-
anafrh, a native of Ireland, aged TO years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at — o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20 Middle street, off California, be-
tween Fillmore ajid Webster, thence. to, St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at — o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COHN— In this city. August 13, 3R98. Meyer
A. Cohn, father of Hannah Cohn. Mrs. S. W.
Latz and Mrs. J. Neweomb, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged SS years.
[£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at 10 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, under the auspices of Occidental Loage
tic. 22, F. and A. M. Interment Home ?f
-.Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
' DOYLE— In this city, August 13, IS3S. James
Peter, beloved husband of Anna L. Doyle, a
native of Sydney, Australia, aged 40 years 11
months and 23 days.
(C^Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 134 Lexington avenue. Interment 1.
O. O. F. Cemetery-
A. O. U. W. Members of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 14, A. O. U. W., are hereby requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother. James
P. Doyle. By order M. W. R. E. ROiIER.
ELLIS— In this city, August 13. ISSS. Walter
F , beloved husband of Llllie Ellis, and
father of Pearl Ellis, a native of Philadel-
phia, aged 47 years.
HILLABRAND— In this city, August 13. IS9B,
George Hillabrand, a native of Germany,
aged 4S years. (Chicago and New York pa-
pers please copy.)-
Friends and acquaintances can view the
remains this day (Monday), at the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Chicago, lII.'
KELLY— In this city, August 13, 1893. John,
beloved husband of Fannie Kelly, father of
Joseph, John and Annie Kelly and Mrs. C.
A. Mitchell, and brother of Mrs. M. Duddy
of Oakland, a native of the parish of Ath-
leaugh, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 58
years.
(C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 313 Twelfth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
v. ill be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McKEOWN — A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Caroline Mary McKeown, beloved
mother of Mrs. J. Louney, Mrs. M. A. Hur-
ley and John and James McKeown, at St.
Rose's Church, commencing at 9 o'clock
to-morrow (Tuesday) morning. Friends ami
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
MOOAN— In this city. August 13. IS9B. John
Patient, detrly beloved husband of Bide" a
K. Mogen. and -father of Joseph Mogan, a
native of Loughrea, County | Galwiy, Jrt-
lund. aged 70 years 1 month and 20 Jays.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2."6? Fota m street, thence to St. Pe-
ter's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MELIA— In San Ramon. August 12,' IS9S. Pat-
rick J., beloved husband of. Mary J. Melia,
and father of William P. and the late John,
Mary Jane, Katie and Teresa Melia. a na-
: tive of Birr, Kings County, Ireland, aged 72
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this Hay
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 213 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing nt 10:30 o'clock. Interment
. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MORRIS— In Byron Springs, August 13, 1V««,
Rosalie, relict of the late Joseph Morris, and
• beloved mother of Mrs. Tina P.reslauer and
Edward Morris, a native of Germany, aged
75 years.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monda'-V at 10:15 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2118 Bush street. Interment
' Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
■train* from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit Bowers.
MONTI— In this city, August 14. IS9S. Paul, be-
loved husband of Bertha M. Monti, a native
of Italy, aged 44 years and 11 months.
- C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. *
MONTEVALDO— In this city. August 14, IS9B,
Orsolina. beloved wife of John Montevaldo,
beloved mother of Erminla. John and the late
Eugene Montevaldo. and sister of Joseph de
Benedetti and Carolina Cereghlno,' a native
of Italy, aged 40 yean and 11 months.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of J. de Benedetti. thence to Our Lady's
Church, at Halfmoon Bay. where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Halfmoon Bay Cemetery. San Mateo
County. i
STARKE— In this city, August 14. IS9S. Louie
Grey, beloved daughter of i Clara French
Starke and the late Louis G. Starke, a native
' of San Francisco, aged 7 years 10 months and
8 days.
' ICTFriends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock." from the
family residence, ISII Eddy street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WEBER— In this city. August 11. 1898, George
J., beloved son of K::therine and the Into
George Weber, and brother of Henry. Charles
and Peter Weber and Mrs. J. Krehmke, a
native of San Francisco, nged 32 years 11
months and 17 days.
YOUNG-BRUCE— In Prescott, Ariz., . August
11. 1898, William Young- Bruce, beloved hus-
band of Berths and father of Rena young-
Bruce, son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. B. Tl-
coulet. and brother-in-law of Alic« and
George Ticoulet. a native of Montreal. Can-
ada, aged 35 years.
(T7"Notlco of funeral hereafter.
ZWEYBRUCK— In this city, at his homo. 2213
Fillmore street, August 14, 1898. of pneumo-
nia, Fred 8.. beloved son of Mis H. Zwey-
bruck, and brother of Edith Zwfybruck and
Mrs. Foerster. ■ v \
CyNotlco-of funeral hereafter. '':*.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER. B
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERSI
. 20 FIFTH ST., op?. Lincoln School. |
- Telephone, South to. _— — .JL-
III. B. MeA VOY. Manager. ■
/VA PI \/ O V & CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMH.U.MERB I
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. 1
Telephone. South 247. ■ I
910
DESERTED TO
SAVE A LADY'S
GOOD NAME
Chivalrous Act of a
Young Artilleryman.
A MYSTERY SOLVED AT LAST
RETURN OF A DESERTER TO
FIGHT FOR HIS COUNTRY.
The Extenuating Circumstances in
the Case of Eugene D. Giber
aon, Whose Sentence Has
Been Remitted.
Among the orrlers issued from military
headquarters on Saturday last was one
stating that "in the case of Private
Eugene D. Giberson, Battery G, Third
Artillery, guilty of desertion, and sen
tenced to forfeit all pay for eight months
And to perform hard labor for that time,
Central Merriam. in view of extenuating
circumstances attending the absence of
the accused from his battery and of his
voluntary return to the same in time of
war, as well as his good record in all
other respects while in the service, remit
ted the sentence and ordered the private
to return to his battery."
• The story of Giberson's career since he
came to the Pacific Coast is brief, though
it Is full of romance and forms a most
•interesting chapter in the young man's
biography.
Giberson, who is only 22 years of age,
comes from a most estimable and refined
family of Cleveland, Ohio, where he was
educated. He is a graduate of the Cleve
land high school, and for two years at
tended the St. John's Military Academy
in that city. Bright, Intelligent, active,
handsome and well-equipped In every way
to fight life's battle, he came West in
1894 to seek his fortune. The Midwinter
Fair attracted him to San Francisco. One
day, while taking in the sights at the fair
in company with a young lady, he met
the wife of a military officer to whom he
was introduced by his companion. She
•was a strikingly handsome woman, highly
cultured, refined in manners and fascinat
ing in conversation. She was several
years older than young Giberson, but she
•at once manifested a deep interest in him.
' In the course of time their acquaintance
grew into a very warm but innocent
friendship. The lady assisted the boy — he
•was then not much over eighteen years of
age— in every way, especially in his stud
ies, talked to him about his prospects in
life, encouraged him in his ambition to
make his mark, and endeavored to map
out for him some particular pathway to
pursue in the accomplishment of that
laudable object. It was finally determin
ed that a military career afforded the best
opportunities to win fame, and perhaps
fortune, and young Giberson, encouraged
by his fair patron, enlisted as a private
in Battery G of the Third Artillery Regi
ment, with a view of sooner or later be
coming a candidate for tha second lieu-
tenancy.
His battery- was stationed at the Pre-
Eidio. and now young Giberson was near
his friend, who resided at the post. She
continued to take an interest in his ca
reer, and as a result they frequently met
and took long walks along the romantic
pathways of the Presidio reservation.
Perhaps it was indiscreet on the part of
ADVTBTISEMENTS.
Pimples, Blotches, Black-
heads, Red, Rough Hands,
Shapeless Nails, Dry* Thin
and Falling Hair and Simple
Bahyßlemishespreventedby
the most effective skin puri-
fying and beautifying soap
In the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for
toilet, bath and nursery.
After Golf Cycling IT\™TJ. ° a
■ bath with CUTICURA SOAP prevents chafing,
redness and roughness of the skin, soothes in-
flammation and Irritation, and when followed
by a gentle anointing with CUTICURA, purest
of emollient skin V -S, proves most beneficial
In relieving tired, lamed, strained or inflamed
muscles.
CUTICURA SOAP Is the only preventive of
pimples, blackheads, red, rouj-'h and oily skin,
red, rough hands with shapeless nails, dry,
thin and falling hair, and simple baby blem-
ishes, because the only preventive of Inflam-
mation and clogging of the pores, the cause of
most minor affections of the skin, scalp and
hair.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTI-
CURA SOAP. 25c. CUTICURA (ointment). We.
POSTER DRUG AND CHEM. CORP., Sole
Pro£«., Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward
at., London. "How to Prevent Pimply, Oily
Skin," fie*. i
PRIVATE EUGENE D. GIBERSON.
His Sentence for Desertion Is Remitted on Ac
count of Hlz Chivalrous Conduct to a Lady.
the lady, who, being innocent of any evil
doings, had no idea that she had made
herself the subject of unpleasant gossip.
Finally, her husband became aware of
her friendship for the young man, and
threatened divorce proceedings unless it
was terminated. This fact Came to the
ears of Giberson. who realized that he
was imperiling the fair name of a lady
whom he honored and respected. For
several days he was deeply troubled over
the situation, and the more he thought of
it the more serious it seemed to him.
One day Private Giberson, who had
been an artilleryman for ten happy
months, failed to answer to his name at
roll call. He had disappeared from the
Presidio.
There was no more gossip about his
lady friend. His departure had put an
end" to all talk, and she soon regained her
former position in the esteem of her
friends and acquaintances.
Giberson went to Honolulu, a.nd engag
ing in business as a photographer, mak
ing a specialty of "groups." met with ar
tistic and financial success.
When he heard of the breaking .out of
the war with Spain, his patriotism led
him to at once return to his country to
surrender himself, and. If given the op
portunity, to offer his services to fight
for the flag.
A quiet sensation was created at the
Presidio the day he returned and grave
himself up to the authorities to be dealt
with according to military law. Up to
this time his disappearance and the cause
of it had been a mystery at the post, and
it was not solved until he was tried fur
desertion by court-martial three weeks
ago. It was an Intensely interesting and
dramatic trial. Giberson was defended by
Lieutenant Benver X. Smith of the Utah
Light Cavalry, who in a most eloquent and
touching plea, brought out the fact,
without naming the lady in the case, tnat
the boyish artilleryman had deserted In
order to preserve the good name of an
estimable woman who had sincerely be
friended him. and that he had now re
turned in time of war to fight for his
country if given a chance.
These are the extenuating circum
stances that were brought to the atten
tion of Major General Merriam after the
gallant young man's conviction, and they
caused the general to remit the sentence
of the court and restore him to duty.
The petition that was presented to Gen
eral Merriam In Giberson,' s behalf was
Bigned by sixteen well-known officers,
THE YOUNGEST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER
Louis Hilmer Jr., Only 16 Years Old, but Pos
sessed of Soldierly Qualities.
The Eighth California'- Regiment la generally, proud of the. fact that it
has among its soldiers the youngest volunteer of the National Guard. Ho
la Louis Hllmer Jr. of. Fetaluma, who was not 15 years of age when he
Joined the Guard, and only i ! i at the time he was accepted as a soldier
to go forth and fight for Uncle Sam.: lie Is quartermaster's assistant,
and is highly commended by Captain Barnes arid. other officers for his strict
fidelity to duty, soldierly" conduct and all-round • good qualities. The
youngster, in common with other members of the regiment; is very anxi
ous to go to Manila or Cuba and' see service in the field.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, AUGUST 15, 1898.
nearly all of whom were conversant with
the facts in the case. Had the petition
failed the young maji in all probability
would have appealed to President Mc-
Kinley for a pardon through Senator
Hanna of Ohio, Senator Cannon of T tah
and the Hon. Elijah Farr, a prominent
attorney of Utah, these three influential
men being warm friends of the Giberson
family. Private Giberson has been at
tached to Company X, Twenty-third In
fantry, and when he reaches Manila he
will rejoin his batten.
THINK THEY HAVE
TWO SMOOTH CROOKS
EDWABD BURKE AND GEORGE
KING ARRESTED.
For the past week Detectives Thomas,
Gibson and Egan have been looking for
three pickpockets and all-round bunko
men who are supposed to hail from the
East and last evening- the officers suc
ceeded in landing Edward Burke and
George King, whom they suspect or Do
ing members of the gang.
The names of the suspects were placed
on the detinue book at the Central Sta
tion and before the men are definitely
charged an attempt will be made to cap
ture the third party. The gang has been
nperattrg in Sausalito, Alameda and Oak
hind for over a month, but the officers at
those places were unable to secure any
clew which would lead to their capture.
An occasional trip to this city in the
evening brought the evildoers under the
eyes (9 the police force here and the de
tectives were detailed to make the arrest.
A 'good description of the men was .se
cured and last evening when Burke and
King stepped "ft the ferryboat they were
handcuffed and taken to the station, both
protesting their innocence. Thf» two men
are well dressed, young, and well appear
ing which suits the description furnished
the' officers, and the latter have little
doubt but that they have the right men.
The operations of the crooks have been
carded on in a very quiet manner, leav
ing little chance for detection. They are
ted with being as clever articles In
the bunko line as have been on the coast
for some time.
ROBBED AT
THE POINT
OF A PISTOL
Peter Grant Held Up
on Howard Street.
RELIEVED OF HIS VALUABLES
HE SUBSEQUENTLY TRIES TO
STRANGLE THE ROBBER.
Meets Him on the Water Front
and Is Prevented From Kill
ing Him by a
Citizen.
Pete Grant, a Bailor, was held up by
a lone robber at Second and Howard
streets, a short time ago and robbed of
$14 S5.
The robber was armed with a revolver
and placing the muzzle against Grant's
forehead, threatened to kill him if ho
made an outcry. He then went through
his pockets, taking all the money he had
and a cheap silver watch.
Last evening Grant saw his despoiler
walking along the water front, and ac
costing him he demanled the return, of
his money.
The robber laughed at him. and threat
ened to "break his jaw" if he again spoke
to him.
Angered at what he termed the audac
ity of the robber, the pugnacious sailor
grabbed him by the throat and proceeded
to strangle him. A citizen who was pass
ing at the time, being ignorant of the
cause of the trouble, seized Grant and
prevented him from strangling his de
spoiler. After Grant had released hi&
hold on the robber's throat the latter took
to his heels and made his escape.
Grant was subsequently taken to police
headquarters where he told his tale of
woe to the Chief of Police.
According to his story he was walking
along Howard street, and when near Sec
ond lie was approached by the stranger,
who was armed with a revolver. Placing
the weapon to his head he ordered him
to throw up his hands under penalty of
being made a subject for the Coroner
Thinking that the stranger was playinj
"a joke on him" Grant attempted to grab
the revolver, when trie ominous click of
the trigger brought him to a realization
of his predicament.
With an oath the robber threatened to
blow his brains out if he resisted, and
then proceeded to search his pockets. Af
ter taking his money and watch the des
perate robber ordered him to move on
or suffer being riddled with bullets. Grant,
realizing he was in the hands of a des
perate man, lqst no time in complying
with his command.
While strolling along- the water front
last evening he recognized the man who
had held him up, and he determined to
get even with him. Grant declares that
if the citizen had not Interfered he would
have strangled the thieving stranger. He
describes him as being about 35 years of
age and had a stubby red beard. He was
poorly dressed, and on the night of the
robbery he wore a dark slouch hat, which
was pulled down over his eyes.
A description nf the robber was at once
sent to the Harbor Police Station with in
structions to arrest him.
TO THE MEMORY OF
THE VIRGIN MARY
ASSUMPTION DAY TO BE APPRO
PRIATELY HONORED.
Services Are to Be Held To-Day in
the Various Catholic Churches
Throughout the City.
The feast of the Assumption will be
solemnly celebrated to-day in all the
Catholic churches throughout the city.
Masses wifl be said as on Sundays, com
mencing at 6 o'clock in the^norning with
the usual low, and concluding at 10:30
o'clock with the solemn high mass. Ves
pers will be observed In the evening and
a panegyric on the life of the Virgin pro
nounced.
The day is one of the strictest obliga
tion, and the church insists that all its
members that can possibly attend must
be present at mass and offer up their
prayers at the shrine of the mother of
Christ. To allow those who from the
pursuits of life are prevented from at
tending services in the churches to-day
special devotions in commemoration of
the feast were solemnized yesterday in
many of the churches.
At. St. Francis Church a solemn high
mass was celebrated at 10:30 o'clock and
a panegyric delivered by the Rev. Father
Carraher. In it he drew a vivid picture of
the life and virtue of Mary, outlining her
devotion and purity, and concluded with a
discourse on the mystery of the Assump
tion. In the evening, at the celebration
of vespers, the pastor delivered an inter
esting and instructive lecture on the sub
ject of "Mary, Queen of Heaven."
To appropriately commemorate the
event the altar of the Virgin, situated in
the sanctuary immediately to the left of
the high altar, was beautifully adorned
with white Bermuda lilies, exoticgrowths,
candelabra and a myraid of flickering
lights.
At St. Ignatius Church this evening, in
addition to the celebration of the As
sumption, a special lecture by Father
Meller will be delivered immediately af
ter vespers and will mark the close of the
retreat which has been in progress for
the past week under his direction. The
object of the retreat was to give a
thorough preparation in religious duty to
those desirous of fittingly honoring the
feast of the Assumption. Hundreds who
accepted the conditions exacted received
communion yesterday morning, and as
many more will kneel before the altar
this morning to receive the holy eucharlst
In the name of the Virgin.
Special music has been arranged for the
solemn high mass to be celebrated at 10:30
o'clock, and will be rendered by a spe
cially augmented choir of over ttlty
voices. The altars, especially the \irgins.
have been beautifully decorated, and tho
church proper will present a maze or
color and light. Immediately after bene
diction this evening the Papal blessing,
which will conclude the services, will be
pronounced upon the members of the
congregation by Father Moeller.
BLAZE IN A DWELLING.
Fire Destroys a Tenement-House on
Franklin Street.
Fire broke out in a three-story irarne
dwelling .-it SOS Franklin street last night,
and for a timo threatened to destroy the
entire block. The building is occupied as
a tenement house and is owned by a Mrs.
Coyle. She occupies the lower flat, while
the other two are occupied by Mrs. Bruhn
and Mrs. Freund.
Shortly after S o'clock a coal-oil lamp
in the middle flat exploded, setting Tire to
the lace-curtains. The flames communi
cated to the wall, and in an Incredibly
short time the entire house was ablaze.
An alarm was sounded from box 82, but
by the time the fire department reached
the scene, the flames had communicated
to the barn adjoining, owned by Frank
Schussler. By dint of hard work the tire
department extinguished the blaze, but
not until the dwelling and barn were re
duced to ashes. The loss is estimated at 1
$1000.
The Hebrews and Spain.
Rabbi Isadore Myers delivered the first
of a new series of Sunday lectures at the
Bush Street Synagogue last evening on
"The Jews, America and Spain." In the
jr-ouxae ol hia remarks he entertainingly
e- viewed the treatment accorded the Jews
by Spanish rulers and emphasized the sig
nificant fact that since the expulsion and
persecution of the Hebrews, the wealth,
power and glory of Spain had departed.
The punishment meted out to that tyran
nical country in the late war by America,
the speaker believed, was just visitation
of Divine wrath.
FISHER FOLK LAY
THEIR COMRADE AWAY
Antonio Scafani, Victim of the Trag
edy at Fishermen's Wharf, Is
Interred at Laurel Hill.
Antonio Scafani, the young fisherman
who was killed on Thursday night, was
buried yesterday with all the pomp and
circumstance befitting the final services
over a sturdy toiler of the sea.
The services attendant upon th© sepul
ture of the murdered man were under the
auspices of the Fishermen's Association,
of which he In his lifetime was a promi
nent member. The exercises were held
in the late home of decedent, under the
direction of President Antonio Franko
witch of the Fishermen's Association. He
spoke highly of the dead man, eulogizing
him for his many good qualities.
The funeral cortege, which was a long
one, was headed by the fishermen, clothed
in the insignia of their order. The pall
bearers were chosen from among the men
who were from Sciacca, a province of
Corgerfti, Italy, of which Scafani was a
native. The interment was at Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
The police are still searching for the
man whom they suspect of having fired
the shot that ended the wupposed duel on
Fishermen's wharf ho tragically.
DEATH AND ACCIDENT
AT THE CITY'S PARK
UNKNOWN COMMITS SUICIDE
AND A BOY INJUBED.
Alexander McPherson, While Wheel
ing, Collides With a Buggy and
Is Rendered Unconscious.
A death and an accident occurred to
mar the enjoyment of hosts of pleasure
seekers at Golden Gate Park yesterday.
Early in the afternoon when crowds were
pouring into the vast enclosure, the
sound of a pistol shot, coming from the
direction of Strawberry Hill, startled
many of the gathering. The body of an
unknown man, weltering in his own
blood, was soon afterward found in the
thick underbush. Tho body was that of
a man apparently about 35 years of age.
A gaping bullet wound in the right tem
ple, and a revolver clutched in the stif
fened right hand told the story of suicide.
The body was removed to tue morgue to
await identification.
Not long after the finding of the sui
cide's body an accident occurred on the
main drive of the park that almost cost
Alexander McPherson, a iad of fifteen
years, his life. Young McPherson, who
resides with his parents at 216 Chattanooga
street, left his home to take a snin on his
wheel in the nark. He was riding along
the drive, not far from the music stand,
when he collided with a buggy driven by
James Tyson of 6 California street. The
shaft of the buggy struck the boy on the
back of ihe head, glanced and almost
tore his right ear away. The lad was
thrown violently to the ground and ren
dered unconscious. Tyson immediately
went to his aid. An ambulance was sum
moned and the unconscious boy was re
moved to the emergency hospital. It is
thought that he will recover.
The famous old JESSK MOORE WHISKY 1b
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue It is pure.
To Bless Notre Dame.
The ceremony of blessing the new col
lege of Notre Dame on Dolores street,
will be held on Sunday, September 4.
Archbishop Riordan will deliver the ad
dress. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
I Sardines, Lazeran — A number one
regularly 25c i tin 2OC
" 30c i tin 25C
The finest French sardines in oil
Not necessary to recommend them to
anyone who has eaten them
White wine— Howell Mountain 4^C
Here's an elegant wine for little ? ailon
money. Grown in our own vineyard
A good health wine
CaStile SOap— French 2^C
regularly 30c bar
No soap is better for the hands than
castile
(j\Y\crQY—Crosse & BlackwelVs 30C
regularly 35c jar here-preserved, stem
Some folks need ginger — others do not
; Tomato catsup-"*-^ «°c bot i^c
Same catsup you've bought
so often — must be good
Almapolish— reg'ly 15c lOC
Send the children to school with
shoes as well as faces shining
Brandv~ c ' a ' 1 / orman 3 bots $ 2
reg'ly $1 bot $4 gal gallon J
Now'sthe time to put up brandy fruits
when brandy is so cheap
Club SOda— Sehweppt?* $1.2^
regularly Si. 50 per dozen — English
Drink soda with the brandy
OliveS — Manzanilla ' I
A new lot just in. Nicer than usual;
nothing like them so cheap elsewhere
Mushrooms— FLecourt 2OC
regularly 25c tin — Buttons
French mushrooms. Imported for our
fine trade
Combs— regularly 35c each 2^C
If they break we'll give you another
free
Can i SterS— regularly 25c I £C
Ornamental — useful — hold one pound
tea or coffee — air-tight — light proof and
that's what tea and coffee both need
Talcum powder 2 tins 1
regularly ioc tin — Lady Jeanette*
A good powder for baby — saves
skin irritation
Cigars— Amerigo Vespucci
Made by the Principe de Gales factory
at Tampa, Florida. Big cigar, roughly
made but of all Havana tobacco
Smokes first-rate
Mai! orders entitled to these prices If posted not
later than Wednesday
433 Pine 215 Sutter aBoo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Munyon'sHeadacheand Indigestion Cure
is the only remedy on the market that
! will cure every form of Headache In 3
j to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, st.Vn-
i ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
j tern. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gista. 25 cures, 25c. ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DEPARTMENT!
We announce this week the
arrival of 7 cases NEW BLACK
SERGES, CHEVIOTS and CREPON
and TWINE CHEVIOTS, and direct
special attention to the following
eight lines.
54=inch Black English Serge 75c yard
52=inch Black Camel's-bair Cheviot- -75c yard
50-inch Black English Cheviot 85c yard
52-inch Black Crepon Cheviot $1.00 yard
48-inch Black Twine Cheviot Jl.OO yard
52-inch Black English Serge $1.00 yard
52-inch Black Iron Frame Cheviot- • $1.25 yard
56-inch Black Scotch Cheviot $1.50 yard
We Invite our natrons to Insuect the aboia
goods at their earliest ODDortunitu.
SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber A D. 1597, and for the year ending on
that day as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 or me :
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- |
nlshed by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid *p ta
° ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company ,*?2H?« £2
Loans on bonds and mortgages l.iiS.oUb »4
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company B^,*is w
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 99.3W 00
Cash in company's office 9.603 04
Cash in banks •• 84,800 02
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 642 11
Interest due and accrued on bonds ,
and mortgages z5.444 da
Premiums in due course of collection 122.1^2 85
Ground rents, well secured n, 320 00
Rents due and accrued I.4bb oZ
Total assets $2,675.520 22
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,407 05
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 5W.014 Sb
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 12,(20 19
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, f1.011.841 41:
reinsurance SO per cent 506,2.0 70
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $S2o.oS'.t 84;
reinsurance pro rata 420,916 57
Amount reclfttmable by the Injured
on perpetual flre Insurance policies. 867,566 79
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due , 15.322 93
Total liabilities $1.633,21S 39
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,281,610 65
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 63,658 10
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 40,965 69
Received for rents 16,. r .!>3 SI
Received from all other sources 10,071 S6
Total Income $1,412,900 11
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (in-
cluding $122, 1u2 SS, losses of previous
years) $696.702 79
Dividends to stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 267,^)8 77
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerk", etc 105.300 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 31.430 57
All other payments and expenditures 152. 553 10
Total expenditures $1,296.575 23
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $694,741 43
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks'
written during the year $133,399,924 $1,612,827 48
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 122.091,374 1.569,459 08
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597 159,015,967 1,832,63125
THOS. H. Montgomery, President
RICHD. MARIS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January. IS9B.
H. F. REARDEN, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
40T-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
j 1b a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
I for the sexual and urinary organs of both
j eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
! kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
I Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
I Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents
JM3 Market street. S. F.-lSead ror Circular.)
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE /£-£
SVEAFIRE and LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG. SWEDEN. ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to th*
Insurance Commissioner of th» State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political O-x}«, condensed
| as per blank furnished by the" Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $633,333 3*
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 767,426 81
Loans on bonds and mortgages 2,362,264 73
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 2,351,226 31
Amount of loans secured by pledge of
bonds, stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 933.452 63
Cash in banks 86,061 79
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and 10an5.... 65,621 28
Premiums in due course of collection 40,975 74
j Rents due and accrued 2,666 67
I Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 203,941 46
Due from the company's agents 186,845 67
Total assets $6,939,483 08
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense $104,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks i«»^"
nirig one year or less, reinsurance
50 per cent: gross premiums on flre
risks running more than one year,
reinsurance pro rata 489,973 83
Liability under life department 4,455,074 92
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 11,389 87
All other demands against the com-
pany 483.660 15
Total liabilities $5,544,098 79
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums .•»-... ■ • • $1,303,813 «
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources.... £H5 2
Received from all other sources. .05.288 44
Total Income : . $2.451.150 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $493,721 81
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage •••• 374.233 6S
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 156,172 9(1
Paid for State, national and local
taxes i7,Z4i »a
All. other payments and expenditures 1,276.435 S3
 Total expenditures $2.317.81109
Risks and Premiums. I Flre Risks. {Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the year $368,623,116 $1,820,240 98
N ;U m duHng O 'the S year": 192.525.439 774,14181
*gjjgg T:,:".".".. 01 :: 166,626.343 884.669 97
T ED. LEVIPSON, Vice-President.
ERNST BRING, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Ist
day of April. IS9B.
GUDEN AKERMARK. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
General Agents,
407-409 MONTGOMERY STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
i —
.g-w PALACE *"•£
° grand Bsmyta
J? SAN ftRAItCISCO, 2
"■ Connected by a covered passageway. TJ
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. «■
O All Under One Management. Q
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
TT European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward ft
O American Plan.*.l.oO p«r day and upward »
n . Correspondence Solicited. Q
A JOHN C. KIBKFATBICK, M»n sg«f.5 g«f. Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
! Weekly Call a 51.50 per Year
1 . .