VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 21.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S ARMY
ARRIVES AT SANTIAGO
TRANSPORT
FLEET OFF
THE CITY
No Attempt Yet Made to
Land thje Invading
Thousands.
Scouts Sent Out to Select a De
sirable Point for the Dis
embarkation.
Copyrighted, ISSB. by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT ANTONIO, Jamaica, June 20.—
Advices received here late this afternoon
announce the arrival off Santiago of the first
division of the American army of invasion
under command of Major General William
R. Shafter.
No attempt was made during the day,
according to the report, to land American
troops.
( ri lia/fcer, mv iiiferma
tion says, after his arrival had a
conference with Admiral Samp
s' >n. They discussed at length
the information obtained by Ad
miral Sampson's scouts as to the
most available landing places in
the vicinity of Santiago and sent
further scouting parties along the
coast. In to-day's parties were
representatives of the army, as
signed to duty by General Shaf
ter. They inspected the points
considered by Admiral Sampson
to be most advantageous and the
commanders of the army and
navy speedily will decide where
*o land troops.
Tremendous enthusiasm was
awakened among the men with
Admiral Sampson's fleet by the
arrival of American troops. They
gave cheer after cheer, the report
states, and their enthusiasm met
with an equally hearty response
from the troopships. The re
peated delays in the departure of
the army from Tampa had made
the men with the fleet impatient
and they awaited the coming of
their allies with great anxiety.
For more than ten days they had
had nothing to do aside from pre
venting the escape of Admiral
Cervera's fleet from the harbor.
The officers and men, the fleet
having done all the damage pos
sible preparatory to the landing
of troops, were anxious for more
active warfare.
From an early hour on Sunday
morning every vessel in Admiral
Sampson's fleet was on the look
out for the transports. The ad
miral had been advised from
Washington that the troopships
probably would join its fleet
some time during the day, but no
sign of the invading army had
been seen when the sun went
down.
It was known here early this
morning that the American army
was nearing Santiago, however,
the news having been brought by
Captain List of the Ethel wood, j
which arrived from Philadelphia !
at 7 o'clock. Captain List re- i
ported that he had passed two of |
the troopships fifty miles north j
from Cape Maysi yesterday
morning. He could not distin
guish the names of the vessels, I
but they were numbered 6 and]
The San Francisco Call
18. The troopships, -.. coavo}^^
by a gunboat and a converted
yacht, were heading to the south
east.
"The gunboat," said Captain
List, "stopped me with a blank
shot, and. after learning my iden
tity, demanded the news. I gave
her what information I had and
asked where she was going. She
would not answer that question.
The ships were very large ones,
and it seemed to me they were
heading straight for Porto Rico,
inasmuch as they were going
south of Greater Inagua Island.
But they may be taking that
course merely to keep out of
sight of land. If the latter sup
position is the correct one, then
the troops are off Santiago this
morning."
The enemy has been working
for two weeks to concentrate a
strong force in the vicinity and
Spanish troops have been sum
moned from various parts of
Eastern Cuba. General Linares
must meet General Shafter's
army with a smaller force than he
had expected, owing to the ne
cessity of leaving several thou
sand troops to guard Guantan
amo. Now that the marines at
Camp McCalla have become
firmly entrenched there the Span
iards must divide their forces to
defend both cities. Our forces
thus are about to reap another
decided advantage through the
successful landing of marines _>n
; the eastern shore of Guantanamo
I Bay.
Upon the ability of the troops
to stand climatic conditions, at
this season in Cuba, will depend
in a great measure the time to
be selected for the advance upon
i Havana. If the regulars are able
I to keep in as good health as have
| the marines at Camp McCalla
I you may expect to hear of speedy
developments in the situation.
I am told the men under Gen
i eral Shafter, despite their experi
ence of thirteen days in close
! quarters aboard the transports,
are in good health. They are
eager to get at the Spaniards and
stirring scenes are certain to
mark their landing.
The transports and convoying
warships, according to this re
port, were last seen at 8 o'clock^
SAN FKANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1898.
BRIGADIER GENERAL WiLLIAM R. SKAFTER, U. S. A., in Command
of the Cuban Army of Invasion, Now Off Santiago.
TRANSPORT SUNK IN
THE RIVER PASIG
How Frightened Spaniards at Manila
Prevented the Destruction of
Torpedo Boats.
MANILA BAY, June 17 (via Hongkong), June 20. — Rear Admiral Dewey still has
power to throw the Spaniards into a fit by a mere intimation that he intends to attack them.
Last Tuesday a report was received that they intended making a torpedo attack against the
fleet. Half a gale was blowing at the time and this gave them great weather advantages,
but Admiral Dewey sent the Concord and Callao to forestall any such movement, and, be
sides, the fleet carried out the usual precautions that had been taken every night.
Preparations made on Wednesday gave the Spaniards a little surprise party. Admiral
Dew^ey decided to send a steam launch past the batteries into the Pasig River to destroy two
torpedo craft known to have taken refuge there. Ensign Caldwell, the admiral's staff secre
tary, volunteered to command the expedition. Dewey intended to order the Callao, Lieuten
ant Tappan commanding, to tow the launch to the mouth of the river, where the Callao was
to wait until Ensign Caldwell's return, the water being too shallow for the ships to ma
neuver. Ensign Caldwell was to dash in during one of the rain squalls, most frequent every
night, explode a spar torpedo under the torpedo-boats, and then, if possible, return to the
Callao. The enterprise was one fraught with deadly peril for all engaged in it, but both offi
cers were eager to undertake it. However, the Callao's preliminary reconnoissance on Wed
nesday so alarmed the Spaniards that they sunk the transport steamer Cebu across the nar
rowest part of the river's entrance, thus effectually closing it against even a steam launch,
and at the same time preventing the exit of their own torpedo craft.
The rebels are doing little now, except to keep the Spaniards closely pinned up in
Manila. Owing to the shooting of native civilians in Manila without trial, by Spaniards, Gen
eral Aguinaldo refuses to arlow the wife and children of Governor Augusti to be set at lib
erty. They are treated kindly, but General Aguinaldo sent a letter yesterday to Governor
Augusti in reply to the latter' s inquiry, proffered through the British Consul and Admiral
Deiderichs of the German navy, for the release of Senora Augusti and her children. General
Aguinaldo declines to say what message he sent to Augusti, but he remarked that he thought
the latter would not shoot .any more non-combatant natives.
The health, of the squadron continues very good. The wounded Spanish prisoners in
Cavite are generally doing well and are very grateful to the surgeons of our ships who per
formed several difficult operations for their relief. A southwest monsoon has set in with its
usual heavy rain.
Sunday morning. They were
then going along the Cuban
coast, fifty miles north of Cape
Maysi, and something over 200
miles from Santiago. At their
rate of speed they should have
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
reached their destination in
about twenty-five hours.. They
would be due at Guantanamo
about 5 o'clock this morning and
Santiago five hours later. The re
port of their arrival, received at
Port Antonio, is, therefore, con
sidered here to be true.
PRESIDENT SOON TO
ISSUE THIRD CALL
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The state-
THREE DAYS
FOR LANDING
OF TROOPS
Shafter Will Give His Men
a Rest Before At
tacking.
Movement on Santiago to Be Be
gun as Soon as They Have
Been Refreshed.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: General Shatter
with his army doubtless has reached
Santiago, but up to a late hour neither
the Secretary of the Navy nor the Sec
retary of War has been officially ad
vised of his arrival in the vicinity of
Admiral Sampson's fleet.
"It is possible," said Adjutant Gen
eral Corbin, "the troops have reached
their destination, but up to this time
we have nt*t received a. word from
Shafter. We shall probably hear the
news first through press dispatches.
General Shafter is not given to rushing
reports to headquarters until he has
something to report. Under the cir
cumstances we hardly expect anything
from him until he has accomplished
something in the line of progress. It
is not an e^.sy job to land 15,000 or 20,
000 men in small boats.
"It is estimated the landing may be
accomplished in three days. I do not
imagine General Shafter intends to
land his men directly from the trans
ports and march them up in battle
lines. Some of the troops have been on
board the ships for from eight to ten
days, and it will require a day or two
for them to 'lose their sea legs.' Then
General Shafter, as a prudent com
manding officer, will want to brace his
men up with some fresh provisions,
ment made In these dispatches last
week, quoting Chairman Hull of the
House committee as authority for the
prediction that another call for volun
teers would be Issued, is likely to be
verified soon. Instead of 75,000, the
number will probably be 100,000. This
new call will be made by reason of the
determination reached at the Cabinet
meeting on Friday to rush re-enforce
ments to General Shafter at Santiago
*and dispatch a big expedition to cap
ture Porto Rico at once. The addi
tional force sent to Shafter will com
prise fully 8000 men. Adjutant General
Corbin, by order of General Miles, to
day telegraphed to the commanders at
Mobile and Chickamauga to rush the
preparations to embark troops for Por
to Rico.
Authoritative Information has reach
ed Camp Alger to the effect that only
one brigade, consisting of three regi
ments, is to be sent to Santiago. The
regiments chosen are the three most
perfectly equipped — the First Rhode
Island and the Sixth and Ninth Massa
chusetts. The other regiments which
were to have been sent to Fernandina —
the Sixth Illinois, Eighth Ohio, Third
and Sixty-fifth New York, Thirty-third
and Thirty-fourth Michigan, and possi
bly the One Hundredth and Fifty
ninth Indiana— are to join the Porto
Rico movement and will not go to Fer
nandina at all.
Major H. O. Howard, quartermaster
In chief of the corps, left camp last
night to arrange for transportation to
Santiago. Going first to Hampton
Roads, he was instructed to arrange
there to have the regiments named car
ried from Dunn Loring to Newport
Ttfews. There they are to be put aboara
transports and sent directly to Cuba.
While arrangements are being made
for re-enforcements to be sent to Shaf
ter it is not because there is any great
need of them, but because men will
have to be left at Santiago when the
regulars are moved on to Porto Rico.
The capture or destruction of Cervera's
fleet is of course the real object of lay
intr siege to Santiago, although the city
will be held after capture.
Excepting Santo Domingo, Santiago
de Cuba is the oldest city in the new
world. It was founded only eighteen
years after Santo Domingo, which was
established by Columbus.
RE-ENFORCEMENTS FOR
GENERAL SHAFTER
Several Thousand Additional Troops
Will Be Hurried to
Santiago.
WASHINGTON. June 20.— 1t was an-
l nounced at the War Department to
day that no additional transports oth^r
than the Newport, which had been im
! pwraed on the Pacific Coast, had been
I obtained. Of the eleven ships available
by the department in the East, ar
rangements are being made to have a
half dozen or more rendezvous at Tam
pa for the purpose, presumably, of car
rying additional re-enforcements to
General Shatter. Just what portion of
General Shafter's re-enforcements are
to be taken from Tampa is not yet an
nounced, but with a hail' dozen ships
at its command the department ought
to be able to transport approximately
2000 soldiers with their equipments and
subsistence stores. Most of the re
PRICE FITE CENTS.
giving them a chance to freshen up be
fore being taken into battle. All those
little details must be looked after, for it
would be downright cruelty to expect
men who have been crowded upon
transports to wade ashore and proceed
to climb the hills surrounding Santiago
before they have had time to get into
fighting condition. Under the circum
stances I do not look for Shafter's men
to get into action for several days. It
is possible some landsmen among the
troops may be sick from the effects of
the trip. A few hours upon land and
plenty of fresh Tftater will bring them
around all right:
"In the army as in the navy the com
manding officers do not have time to
rush to the telegraph office and report
to- headquarters every movement they
make, or intend to make."
It was this plain, straightforward
statement General Corbin made with
out betraying the plans of the Invading
forces or indicating where the troops
are expected to land. It is sufficient to
know the troops are supposed to have
reached a point where they can co-op
erate with the naval forces under Ad
miral Sampson, and soon as the com
manding officers of the two forces have
an opportunity to meet and confer as
to the best method to be employed
against the Spaniards the attack upon
Santiago will commence. When the
command is given to advance there will
be no halting until the American flag
flies triumphantly over the ancient city
of Santiago.
malnder, it is expected, will be taken
from Camp Alger, amounting. It Is said,
to a brigade. The latter will leave the
country by way of Norfolk or New
port News, going in the vessels Har
vard and Yale.
Secretary Alger was asked this after
noon just how heavy re-enforcements
would be sent to General Shafter, but
he declined to state definitely the num
ber, saying, however, in a general way,
that there would be between 5000 and
10,000 men.
The lack of suitable vessels for carry
ing supplies of fresh refrigerated beef
I for the army in Cuba, as well as for
the starving people there, is proving
very embarrassing to the officials of the
commissary general's office. Nearly
a week ago General Egan opened bids
for supplying this necessary article of
the soldiers' diet, and would have
awarded contracts before this but for
| the reason that there are no ships
I available to carry the supplies. The
; ships when obtained will have to be
I fitted with refrigerating apparatus in
1 order to preserve the meat fresh, and
: this will take some time.
GENERAL BLANCO
WILL NOT EXCHANGE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The fol
lowing was received to-day from Com
modore "Watson:
"The Captain general states that the
Spanish Government refuses to ex
change the prisoners."
Hobson and his men are the prison
ers in question.
KEY WEST. Fla_, June 20, 11:30 a. m.
— It is learned from naval officers here
that Captain General Blanco has noti
fied the blockading fleet that he will
hereafter recognize no flag of truce,
adding that every vesse. within six
miles' range will be fired upon, whether
flying the Stars and Stripes or a white
flag.
It seems that the events which led
up to General Blanco"s letter began
with the sending of the Maple under
charge of Captain Ludlow to open ne
gotiations for the exchange of Lieuten
ant Hobson and other Merrimac pris
oners. General Blanco's letter was ad
dressed to the monitor Terror's cap
tain (Ludlow). After refusing to nego
tiate for the exchange of the prisoners
he delivered the ultimatum as to boats
with flags of truce.
MADRID, June 20.— Premier Sagasta,
when questioned on the subject to-day,
said nothing had been deemed "in spite
of the American reports," regarding the
exchange of Naval Constructor Hobson
and his companions, who were captured
by the Spaniards after they sank the
collier Merrimac in the narrow channel
leading into the harbor of Santiago de
Cuba.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 20.— F.
W. Ramsden, the British Consul at
Santiago, now acting foi the United
States in the negotiations with the
Spaniards for the exchange of Lieuten
ant Hobson and his comrades of the
Merrimac expedition, has suggested to
the officials at Washington that even a
ransom might be paid to secure the
prompt release of the American prison
ers. That idea was undoubtedly ex
pressed in the cable dispatches which
passed through the colonial authorities
here, but in what form it was shaped
is not clear.2
WHY HOBSON
IS NOT YET
RELEASED
Spanish Afraid of Strength
ening the "Jingo" Party
in America.
As a Further Reason It Is Said
the Brave Merrimac Men
Have Military Secrets.
Copyrlphted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, June 20.— The reason why
the Government, after much discussion,
has finally decided not to release Hob
son and his comrades of the Merrimac
was that t'.ie result of their return to
the United States would be the pause
of a popular demonstration resulting
In strengthening the "jingo" party, and
further, that from a military stand
point, they had seen the fortifications
of Santiago, and it was therefore im
possible to let them out.
One noted member of the Ministry
has suggested that another question
similar to the Maine might arise if the
prisoners caught yellow fever and died.
An article by a famous Journalist,
Mane Flaquer, in the Diaro de Barce
lona, in favor of immediate peace has
attracted widespread attention, firstly
on account of the position ot the au
thor, but above all as representing the
domination of public opinion in Cata
lona, the most laborious region in
Spain, and where the manifestation in
favor of peace is growing general. The
Government has taken a highly sen
sible course in sending trusted agents
ADDITIONAL
ARMY CORPS
Composed of Troops
Sent to Phijippines.
IS MERRITT'S SUGGESTION.
OTIS WILL HAVE THE ACTIVE
MILITARY COMMAND.
This Will Cause the Promotion of a
Number of Regular Army
Officers in the Volnteer
Service.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— An addi
tional army corps, to be known as the
eighth, is to be created. It will he com
posed of the troops assigned to the
Philippine Islands and will be in com
mand of General Merritt.
The creation of the new corps is by
direction of the President and authority
is conferred upon General Merritt to
transfer the command of the corps to
the next officer in rank at such time
as he may deem it expedient to do so,
as a matter of military administration,
In order that he may be left free to de
vote his attention to important matters
of the government connected with the
Philippine Islands.
There is reason to believe that the
creation of the new corps is the follow
ing out of an idea suggested by General
Merritt himself. Upon his arrival at
the Philippine Islands General Merritt
will transfer the active command of the
corps to Major General Otis, now his
second in command.
As military governor of the Philip
pines General Merritt will have so
many duties of an administrative char
acter to perform that it would be im
practicable for him to retain the active
command of the troops on the Island.
He would be, of course, the supreme
military authority in the Philippines,
but direct command of the force there
will devolve upon General Otis.
Promotions of the following regular
army officers will shortly be announced,
the officers in each case being Klven
commissions in the volunteer service
and assigned to the staff of General
Merritt:
Major James H. Barry to be lieuten
ant colonel and assistant adjutant gen
eral.
Major F. H. Crowder to be lieutenant
colonel and judge advocate.
First Lieutenant Charles T. Potter,
corps of engineers, to be lieutenant
colonel and chief engineer.
Captain C. W. Whlpple, Ordnance
Department, to be lieutenant colonel
and inspector general.
ALLEGED ATTEMPT TO
ASSASSINATE BLANCO
Story Circulated at Washington
Which Seems to Have a Poor
Foundation.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: A
story is in circulation here to-night of
the attempted assassination of Cap
tain General Blanco by Mariano Salva,
a young Cuban member of the volun
teer army, and of a condition of af
fairs in Havana bordering on revolu
tion as a consequence.
The party circulating the story says
the news comes from a Havana paper,
but he was unable to produce the paper
to-night or give its name. At the Cu
ban legation it is stated that few if
any Havana papers reach the United
States nowadays and it is doubted if
any paper would be permitted to pub
lish the report of an attempted assas
sination of General Blanco, even if it
happened.
WORK AT MARE ISLAND.
Repairs to the Cruiser Philadelphia
Almost Completed.
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD. June
20. — The work on the cruiser Philadel
throughout the country to feel the pop
ular pulse and find out whether the
people are in favor of ptjace or not.
PROMPT PROMOTION
OF BRAVE HOBSON
"WASHINGTON, June 20.— .Lieutenant
Hobson, the hero of the Merrimac, will
be transferred from the contsruction
corps to the line of the navy and raised
to the grade of lieutenant commander,
probably this week. This action was
definitely decided on by the adminis
tration to-day. It has been proposed to
await Hobson's personal expression as
to his choice between the transfer to
the line or proomtion within the corps
where future advancement is limited.
The final decision to-day to give sub
stantial recognition without further de
lay follows the formal refusal of ex
change by the Spanish Government.
The matter was tak n up by both the
President and Secretary Long and it
was announced privately that the ad
ministration is anxious for immediate
exchange to empower the President tv
act.
phia is nearly completed. The ship's
main battery of 6-inch rifles has been
swung aboard by the traveling crane
and set in'position. The ship has been
painted in war colors. It will be taken
out of the dock the first of next week.
The new deck of the Adams has been
about completed and that vessel soon
will be ready for commission. The old
iron cruiser Ranger will be hauled in
to the quay wall shortly and converted
as rapidly as possible into a modern
gunboat. Work on the Yorktown is
beins; expedited, and as fast as the men
get through with the Philadelphia they
■will be transferred to the Yurktown.
FRANCE'S NEW CABINET
IS PARTLY FORMED.
M. Ferdinand Sarrien Is Premier and
3d. de Freycinet Foreign
Minister.
LONDON. June 20.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says: A cab
inet has been partly formed as follows:
M. Ferdinand Sarrien, Premier.
M. de Freycinet, Minister of For
eign Affairs.
M. Theophile del Casso, Minister
of Marine.
M. Godfrey Cavaignac, Minister
of War.
M. Paul de Lemobre, Minister of
Finance.
The foreign policy will be unchanged.
SPAIN PLANNING A
THIRD SQUADRON
Captain Aunon Says It Will Be
Ready to Start in a Month's
Time.
MADRID. June 20.— 1n an interview
at Carthagena, Captain Aunon, Minister
of Marine, stated that a third spuadron*
including the Lepanto, Princeza de As
tunas and Cardenal Cisnoros will be
ready to start In a month's time. He
said Admiral Camara's squadron con
sisted of fourteen ships, including tor
pedo boat destroyers and transatlan
tics, with a large force for landing. He
spoke in the highest terms of the fight
ing qualities of the Pelayo.
Seattle Bed Cross Work.
SEATTLE, June 20.-Several hundred
of the most prominent women of Seattle
to-day organized a branch of the Red
Cross Society. It was decided to begin
the noble work in behalf of the men who
are upholding the nation's honor upon
the lines adopted by the San Francisco
society. Practical means were adopted
for raising money for the aid of the men
in battle and In camp. It is expected
several thousand dollars will be avail
able within a few weeks.
Death of the Boston's Bugler.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG. June 20. — Captain
Hodgson of the McCulloch "leaves for
America via Japan. The bugler on
board the Boston died on June 17 and
buried ashore at Cavite.
Natalie to Become a Nurse.
LONDON, June 20.— A special dis
patch from Belgrade, Servia, says: Ex-
Queen Natalie is organizing an expedi
tion to go to the seat of the war be
tween Spain and the United States, in
order to nurse both Americans and
Spaniards.
WEDDED AT MARE ISLAND.
Assistant Engineer Read of tha Mon
adnock a Benedict.
VALLEJO, June 20.— There was a
hurried and romantic wedding here to
day, brought about by the expected
early departure of the groom for the
scene of war operations in the Philip
pines. The principals were Assistant
Engineer Frank D. Read of the Monad
nock and Grace Lee Mac Masters of San
Gabriel, Los Angeles County. Rev. N.
R. Freeman, pastor of the Baptist
Church, officiated, the ceremony being
performed at the Bernard House this
evening.
Nominated for Federal Offices.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The President
haa made the following nominations:
J. E. Hopley of Ohio, to Consul at South
ampton, England.
Postmasters— Henry J. Jones at Elko
Nevada; W. W. Ward, at Dayton. Wash •
Thomas J. Alexander, at Santa Ana and
Alice M. Hanna at Oakdale, Cal
Justice— J. F. Emmitt of Nevada Mar
shal for the District of Nevada.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 20 — Stmr
Pennland, from Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— An Ived June 20— Stmr Ber
lin, from New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1898.
MADRID MUST NOW
DO ITS OWN FAKING
Blanco and Cervera Cut Off From All
Cable Communication.
ON BOARD HERALD-CALL DISPATCH BOAT SOMERS N.
SMITH, OFF SANTIAGO, June 19, via KINGSTON, Jamaica, June
20.— The auxiliary cruiser St. Louis, after many attempts to cut the
Kingston cable, finally succeeded Saturday night.
The men detailed from her crew found and severed the cable less
than a mile from Morro Castle. Her first attempt, which was made
earlier Saturday, as I cabled you, was a failure. She continued her
search, however, despite continued firing from shore, and at last ac
complished her task.
By the severing of the cable from Santiago to Kingston the Span
iards in Cuba are shut off from all communication with their home Gov
ernment. The only line on the south side now is that from Cienfuegos
to Santiago, but that will be of no use to Admiral Cervera. He can, by
it, communicate with General Blanco, but the latter has no way of get
ting information to Madrid.
DON CARLOS
YET TALKING
Pretender Poses as Hav
ing Lofty Motives.
WHY HIS PLANS CHANGED
WOULD NOT INTERFERE WHILE
WAR WAS BREWING.
Tells How Admiral Cervera Has a
Chance of Preserving to Spain
the "Auieola of
Honor."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID (via Biarritz, France),
June 20. — El Imparcial publishes an in
terview its correspondent has had with
Don Carlos. As it is understood that
the Pretender revised the interview be
fore it was published, • his statements
may be regarded as in the nature of a
manifesto. Don Carlos said:
'"I won't conceal from you that when
I left Venice, last April, I was resolved
to protest by means of force and arms
— that is, by ordering my partisans to
rise against the people who were pros
tituting our country by a series of un
imaginable humiliations — but when I
turned that way war against the
United States was imminent and might
be declared any moment, and I changed
my resolutions and firmly decided tv
observe the most absolute impassivity.
Unswerved from this deci.siun, I do not
now desire to create the least difficulty
for my country, since it is most import
ant that all her children should sacri
fice themselves for her. My enforced
inaction puts me ti/ despair, but I carry
it to the extreme of depriving myself
even of expressing my opinion as to
current events.
"The governing statesmen, who have
committed the crime of not preparing
the nation for a war every one saw to
be unavoidable for the last two years,
will never be able to- accuse me of hav
ing withdrawn a single Spanish will
from the national forces in the fight
with the United States. They brought
on the war by yielding continually to
American demands and they will have
to take the responsibilities of their mis
takes. This attitude of mine will last
as long as the present condition of af
fairs endures, but when the hour for
the great settlement arrives I shall
make up for my present silence. I will
then take my vengeance, not by means
of words alone, but by means of acts,
and I will do that as soon as my con
science as a Spaniard permits me to do
it. I am firmly resolved to fulfill my
duty to the end and to omit no sacrifice
in order to redeem and avenge Spain."
Don Carlos, questioned as to the
policy he would adopt in case he should
mount the throne, said he could not en
ter upon that subject now beyond ad
mitting the necessity of a large in
crease in the navy, but he declared he
had thought out and completed plans
regarding the military problem and the
question of Spain's foreign policy.
'"They are my favorite subjects of
meditation," he observed, "and 1 have
certain mature ideas of my own re
garding them. I have even carried
some preliminaries respecting alliances
which I hope will some day yield ex
cellent fruits. This, In my judgment, is
the capital point because the proud
isolation of Great Britain has been and
is deadly to Spain. I must pass the
same judgment on the policy of going
about begging for protection and Inter
vention.
"The result of such a policy can only
be to reduce to the condition of Greece
or Servla the Spanish nation, which
was once the mistress of the world."
Don Carlos spoke eloquently of the
necessity for prosecuting the war to
the utmost.
"Our people's wonderful nerve, spirit
of resolution and exalted sentiment of
honor are," he said, "the only thing
that Spain can bring to a nation with
which she may strike an alliance in the
day of the coming European conflagra
tion. She must, therefore, preserve
jealously that force and spirit. The only
disasters possible for us now are moral
disasters, for we have no further ma
terial ones to suffer, having suffered all.
"Jherefore, if, for example, Admiral
Cervera, surrounded by forces ten times
superior to his own and having been
granted a chance to capitulate on con
ditions comparatively honorable, should
prefer to make a sally and iose all his
vessels, sinking at the same time as
many American warships as he couki,
he would do not only an heroic deed,
but also a useful work by preserving to
Spain the aureola of which no enemy
has yet been able to deprive her."
NEVADA'S VOLUNTEERS.
Sagebrush State to Send an Infantry-
Battalion to the Front.
CARSON, June 20.— Instructions have
been received from Washington by
Governor Sadler to call upon the State
of Nevada for one battalion of infan
try, consisting of four companies com
posed of about 100 men each. C. A.
Bennett of San Diego, Cal., has been
directed to make arrangements for the
comfort, shelter and subsistence of the
organization and the order in which
they shall be mobilized for muster.
Colonel Lord of the State militia con
ferred with the Governor and the latter
agreed to call upon the State militia.
The order will be issued to-morrow.
Under each call Nevada furnished twice
the quota, having in the first instance
sent two troops of cavalry instead of
one. c
STANDING BY
THE MONOPOLY
Sausalito Trustees and
the Gamblers.
ISSUE NO MORE LICENSES
FINAL DECISION AS TO THE
HUMPHREY SYNDICATE.
Dr. Crumpton Leaves the Hall in
Bage, and the Defeated Trio
Will Test the Or
dinance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, June 20.— "This is all
of the farce I want. lam going home."
Savagely snapping out 'these words of
disappointment. Dr. H. J. Crumpton,
City Father and champion of the pool
room triumvirate— Glynn, Broyer and
Humphrey— arose from his seat at the
meeting of the board of Town Trustees
this evening and stalked from the room
to a mingled accompaniment of cheers
and hisses. Sausalito is still a wide
open town, but only to Harrison and
Harvey. Their rivals received a blow
straight from the shoulder to-night,
four Trustees voting to reject the peti
tion of the San Mateo men against Dr.
Crumpton's single vote in their favor.
When the board met the Town Hall
was crowded and bets were made
that Glynn, Broyer and Humphrey
would get their license. Attorney Hep
burn Wilkins wan on hand to look out
for his clients' interests, and first took
a u ,n,, n , y ar S uln £ th &t their petition
should take precedence in consideration
a point finally yielded by Trustee Sylva
He then made a forcible plea in their
behalf, asserting that they had waited
patiently the action of the board
though proceedings had been often de
layed, and that they were all good
business men and would be found in
line for the financial benefit of the com
munity. He failed to see any reason
why they should not receive the same
consideration as others.
Sylva wished to know if the petition
ers would locate their poolrooms where
the board desired, and was answered in
the affirmative, with an additional
statement that they preferred to re
main where they were, as they had gone
to Kreat expense in putting up their
buildings. Sylva then moved that a li
cense be granted, with the proviso that
the establishment be located in the
northern part of the town. After a con
sultation with Glynn, Attorney Wil
kins objected, saying that this amount
ed to a prohibition, as no business could
be done there.
Sylva then withdrew his motion, and
amid intense excitement General Dick
inson called for a vote on the original
question. Ambjornsen, Dickinson
Thomas and Sylva voted in the nega
tive, Crumptnn alone in the affirmative.
Ihe result cv ked a storm of hooting
and cheering mingled, and Crumpton's
request to be excused from further par
ticipation was denied.
Zeke Abrams* application then suffer
ed a like fate. At this Crumpton's an
ger gained complete control, and he
made his melodramatic exit. The crowd
soon followed.
Attorney Wilkins said he understood
there was to he a reconsideration of the
vote, and Bylva evidently in pure mer
riment gave notice of a reconsideration
at the next meeting. It is understood
the would-be rival trio will reopen to
morrow and test the law In court. At
torney Wilkins was non-committal as
to the mode of procedure to be follow
ed. Another interesting feature of the
present agitation is that Trustee Amb
jornsen will probably resign from the
board. When questioned in regard to
his proposed action all he would say
"Well, I have had about all I
care to stand."
DEFICIENCY BILL PASSED.
House Approved the Measure Car-
rytng $224,000,000.
WASHINGTON. June 20.-The House
to-day passpd the general deficiency bill,
carrying $224,000,000. The bill occasioned
little debate and it passed practically as
reported to the House from the Commit
tee on Appropriations. The remainder of
the day was given to District of Colum
bia business. At 5:37 o'clock the House
adjourned.
Sampson Has a Cable.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The War
Department to-day received informa
tion that its officials had been able to
secure an end of one of the cables run
ning out of Cuba and which, when
properly connected, will give Admiral
Sampson direct communication with the
department at Washington. Secretary
Alger expressed the hope that word
over it from the admiral would be re
ceived in Washington to-night.
Delivered War Munitions.
LONDON, June 20.— A special dispatch
from Paris says an Austrian agent has
returned from Madrid, where he deliv
ered to the Spanish authorities, via the
Pyrenees, 3,000,000 empty cartridges and
120 tons of explosives derived from
French, Austrian and Belgian sources.
Camara Returns to Cadiz.
WASHINGTON. June 20.— The War
Department has received a dispatch
stating that the C a'z fleet has return
ed to a Spanish port.
Santa Rosa's* New Charter.
SANTA ROSA, June 20.— The new char
ter was signed by th© freeholders to-night,
after which It was submitted to the Coun
cil, which will later call an election.
SPANIARDS
WILL BURN
THE SHIPS
Intend to Prevent Their
Being Captured by
Sampson.
Hull of th>e Merrimac Does Not
BIocK the Channel at
Santiago.
ON BOARD THE AaSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
LESS. OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA,
June 19 (via Kingston. Jamaica, June
20).— Rear Admiral Sampson author
izes the publication of the following in
formation obtained from reconnois
sances and from the Cubans:
Matters are quiet at Guantanamo
Bay. The Spanish are transporting ar
tillery to the town of Guantanamo.
Yesterday a shell from the battle-ship
Oregon destroyed a railway car and
set a warehouse on fire.
A spy asserts that the Spanish gun
boats have been filled with straw and
will be destroyed if there is any dan
ger of their being captured.
The Spanish forces at Guantanamo
are vainly attempting to reach Santi
ago, where nothing is known as to the
situation at Guantanamo, as the Cu
bans hold the intervening territory.
General Garcia's forces are within
three days' march of Santiago. They
number 5000. The same number of Cu
bans are near Holguin. General Rabi
is eighteen miles west of Santiago with
930 men, all well armed.
The battery at Castillo de la Socapa,
opposite Estrella, Santiago, has two
SAVED FROM BEING
SHOT BY SPANIARDS.
Correspondent Halstead Owes His
Life to the British Consul at
San Juan.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The alleged wounding of Freeman Hal
stead, a correspondent of the Herald,
during the bombardment of San Juan
turns out to be not as the Spanish re
port gave it. From a source not to be
doubted I learned to-day that the Span
iards let the canard go out as to the
wounding of Halstead in order to check
the ardor of the American fleet and the
story comes from one who was witness
to the bombardment.
When the Spaniards lost all hope of
saving the town in desperation the
political prisoners were ordered out to
be shot, Halstead among them. At a
moment when their chances seemed
well nigh hopeless the British Consul,
hearing of Halstead's peril, intervened.
But before this, when the men were
being taken from the prison, Halstead
stoutly resisted and during the struggle
his arm was sli^fctlv Injured.
Immediately the Spaniards set upon
the ruse which thus far has been ac
cepted, but which is now for the first
time exposed. Halstead was in fact
sentenced only to imprisonment by the
court martial before which he appear
ed, but when the bombardment by the
American fleet be~an to be destructive,
a spirit of MHer eagerness for unrea
sonable retaliation swept away the
court martial records, and Halstead
found himself about to be the victim
of quick resentment that ignored his
sentence for imprisonment in desire for
revenge. It was thus that he came to
face with a dancer against which, with
the knowledge of his sentence, he re
belled. And it seems that this resis
tance resulted in an injury which tend
ed toward his deliverance.
MAY YET BE SENT TO
CUBA OR MANILA
General Merriam Holds Out Hopes to
California and Washington
Volunteers.
SEATTLE" June 20.— Major General
H. C. Merriam, commanding the de
partments of California and the Colum
bia, was in this city to-day. He was
here more particularly on business re
lating to the Government's recent re
lief expedition to Alaska, and spent
most of his time with Captain W. W.
Robinson of the quartermaster's de
partment. In an interview General
Merriam denied emphatically, on the
authority of the officers of the regi
ment, that there was any dissatisfac
tion among the Washington Volunteers
by reason of their not having been or
dered to a foreign shore. The order to
hold our men here, he said, came from
Washington City without any sugges- j
tion from the coast. He further said
he had asked for a regiment of Eastern i
soldiers to guard the Pacific Coast. If '
MAN!
MAN!
MAN!
Are you content with your present condition? If you aw© >ou
ought not to be. You know you arc but a weak and a puny being.
You know you perform nature's work in a poor, weak way. You
do not sleep well even. You have abused your power. You have
not used it with sense. Why not turn around and be a MAN again
to-day? "Hudyan" will make up for your foolishness an^ your
folly. It has done that for over 20,000 men. Is that good news?
Get from the Institute circulars and testimonials showing what it
does. No charge is made. Get all the advice you can ask for.
It will not cost a nickel. Now, why not have it? Do you want to
continue to be weak? Feel the bright, sweet sense of healthful
youth in your frame once more.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and El*-*
SAW FRANCISCO.
Hontoria guns, four Maxim-Norden
feldt 31-millimeter guns, one Maxim-
Nordenfeldt 57-millimeter gun and one
Catling 25-millimeter gun, all taken
from the Reina Mercedes. The battery
at Castillo del Morro has two Maxim-
Nordenfeldt 75-millimeter guns taken
from the torpedo-boat destroyer Terror,
brought by Admiral Cervera. The
Punta Gorda battery has two Ordonez
bronze guns and one Hontoria. All the
batteries have muzzle loaders also.
The mines at the entrance are on the
Latimenclar system — two lines of seven
each. One line was fired at the Merri
mac, but without effect. The Merrimac
cleared the line when she exploded. One
torpedo in the first line was fired at the
Merrimac without striking her. The
mines contain 225 kilognims of guncot
ten and there are several Bustamente
torpedoes.
The best information is that the hull
of the Merrimac does not block the
channel, but lies to the right. Vessels
can pass without touching it.
During the bombardment on June 3
Captain Herm.on, second in command
on the cruiser Reina Mercedes, and five
men were killed by a shell. Six were
wounded.
Lieutenant Hobson and his men are
now believed to have been taken un to
Santiago.
the request was granted the Washing
ton and California volunteers would be
sent to Cuba or Manila.
OFFICERS NAMED FOR
THE VOLUNTEER SERVICE
Albert Ames and John W. Plume
Nominated to Be Brigadier
Generals.
WASHINGTON. June 20.-The President
ate y nominations to the Sen-
To be addional paymasters— NT ri t ~t
J. Spencer of Missouri; to be major. First Lieul
tenant Edgar Jadwin, Corps of Engineers! U.
r J°. b . e engineer officers, with rank of major-
Captain Graham D. Fitch, Corps of Engineers,
T' ( r^4v Captain Hugh J. HcGrath, Fourth
nesses SUt6S Cavalr ch "les Allison of Ten
w°^' ff h ilefi lef ? ua rtermaster, with rank of ma-
O taTe C s a S. e r J ameS L - WUson - S * th united
To tbe chief commissary, with rank of major
fnflntr^ eUteDant Hardy E ' Wilkins . . Second
*?„«? as *.if ta / adjutant-generals, with rank
PiftW^ i"^ Lieutenant William E. Almy.
Fifth United States Cavalry; First Lieutenant
Robert W. Noble First United States Infantry
To be assistant adjutant-generals, with rank
of captain— First Lieutenant Edward Ander
son Seventh United States Cavalry; Francis
B. Harrison. Troop A New York Cavalry.
To be assistant quartermasters, with rank
of captain-First Lieutenant Wirt Robinson,
Fourth United States Artillery; First Lieuten-.
ant Samuel A.. Smoke of the Nineteenth In
fantry; Second Lieutenant Samuel V. Ham
Fifth United. States Infantry; Oscar Guessaz of
Texas, William L. Cowling of Virginia, Ross
Matthews of Illinois, Edward B. Harrison of
Virginia,
To be commissaries, with rank of captain-
Robert Sudley Winthrop of New York Wil
liam H. Lyons of Kentucky, John M. Tobln of
Massachusetts. Charles Deloney of Wyoming
Nathaniel T. Messer of California, Charles w'
Neal of lowa.
To be Inspector-general, with rank of major-
Captain John S. Mallory, Second United States
Infantry.
United States Volunteer Signal Corps— To he
captain, First Lieutenant Edgar Russell, Sixth
United States Artillery.
To be first lieutenants— O. Bailey
first-class sergeant Volunteer Signal Corps-
Newton Canno of Tennessee, Charles A Clark
of Illinois, Peter P. Reddy of Wyoming, Wil
liam Jarvle Jr. of New York, Charles A. Duffy
of Kentucky. ,
Sixth Reelment Volunteer Infantry— To be
captain. Charles B. Evans of Tennessee.
Seventh Regiment United States Volunteers—
To be captains, Harry Bingham of Maryland.
John H. Lewis, District of Columbia.
Navy— Medical ' Inspector Joseph B. Parker
to be a medical director in the navy. ..
■■■'. •- ■ -■'■ ■/..■;. _■ • . . ■
Hobson's Brother a Cadet.
WEST POINT, N. V., June 20.—Fifty
two candidates for eadetshlps at West
Point, who passed their examinations
last March, reported to Adjutant Haz
ard here to-day, took the oath of alle
giance and were at once admitted as
cadets to the Military Academy. Amon
the number was James M. Hobson <£'
Alabama, brother of the young naval
i officer who distinguished himself in the
sinking of the Merrimac.
PROFIT IN SHAMS.
A Commercial Practice That Works Great
Wronfe to the Public.
Honesty is, in the long run, the best
policy, but there are circumstances in
which, for a time, deception seems to be
profitable. It is profitable to the retail
merchant who can make more money i
on a cheap article of obscure and hasty
manufacture than upon wares put out
by respectable and responsible houses.
This greedy practice of Bt -stitution is
not merely an injury to the maker of
reputable goods, but it is a grave public
wrong.
For instance, Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey is widely famed for its medici
nal properties. It (a constantly used in
households all over the Union and in
the practice of physicians. People ask
for it, because they know that the word
Duffy's insures the Quality of the whis
key. It would not be possible t" make
this admirable stimulant at the prices
demanded by the legion of imitations.
The public suffers, when under any
specious pret \; ;tt all, it accepts a
substitute. Who vouches for the quality
of the counterfeit? Whose reputation
is at stake?
It is possible f> put down substitu
tion by refusing to buy anything at all
from a dealer who is grutlty of it.
Insist on having Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey.
♦ - ■$& $1.00 5
p -* -11 AND 4
** JL CENTS.
: WE HAVE-DECLARED..WAR |
4. On high prices and we are pouring hot ♦
shot into our competitors. This is the _.
■♦■ season for colored shoes; you need them j'
■♦ and we have them, and we are selling ♦•
.a. them cheaper than they can be bought .a.
elsewhere. Ladies' Royal Wine Kid T
■f- Lace Shoes (extra quality). New Coin +
a Toes and Tips and Flexible Soles, re- .
■*" duced for this week to $1 95; regular ▼"
+ price $3. -♦-
X 75 CENTS. . , X
4- «rT*^l {VI : a Misses' and Chll- 4-
C 1 1 RM ft .hen's Russet ,
▼" I V" 1 |U/j Goat Button "T"
4. li V" \ I J Shoes, Cloth or 4.
R \ V 1-Ajf stock Tops. Nar- T
>- I X#^V ' lw» row • -'' ! ' '"' l ' Toes ■♦■
i fi >i.^V BW an( ' Tips, Spring _.
Heels. We have
>- W'ri.'MMT^^"^ Tiff- " ' ' ' .■.-,.■ in the -4-
+. Jnrfr —>■» " " Goat Tops, ! but >
not all sizes in the Cloth Tops; that is .
■♦" why we are selling the line so cheap. ▼
4. Child's Sizes, 8 to li' 2 75 .A.
Misses' Sizes, 11 to 2 00 .
-♦• Cut this ad out of the paper and ♦
i bring it with you on Wednesday, June .a,
' 2:', when we will present a handsomely _
■+- engraved 16-page atlas of the world, •♦
valued at SI 50, to each customer buy- .
"♦- ing $2 worth. T
♦ ♦
» We Do Not Guarantee to Fill Country .+
"*" Orders.
4- Send for Illustrated Catalogue. -♦■
4- +
X B. KATCHINSKI, !j
♦ PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., J
X 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. 4
4- -— •" i
4- 4- 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 4
SPECIAL TRf:i>
Daws on.
NEW STANCH STEAMER
BRUNSWICK,
SAILING JUNE 30,1898,
Making direct communication at St. Michael
with our elegant river steamer
LEON.
Only a limited number of passengers taken.
Also, sailing of the steamship
LEELANAIA/
JULY 25, 1898.
Apply at once to
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
Liebes Building, 139 Post Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
fFINE TAILORING
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT. BEST fa-
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to* i*) ln <toZ
Order irom4>lZ l 0 4>JU
Pants from.. • $4 to $I 0
201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and 846 Market St.,
11l and ] 1 12 Market St. San Francisco.
o 00 0 0 00 00000 oo oooa
S" F PALACE A - ? l
° GRAND hotels*
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
** f> in<»e««U oy a covered r'as.«iif*w*».
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohsl, °
O -** UjTDTO OXH MaXAOK^" 4 O
O . '1-. NOTE THE PRICES: ' O
O European Plan.»l. OO per day and upward n
American Plan. »3. OO per day »ai upward **
C Corresp<.niJ»n-* Solicited. . O
O JOHN C SIBSPATEICS, Muign. Q
000000000000000000
DR.MCOTLTY.
THISWErXKNOWX AND RELIABLE OLtl
A Specialist cures Prl vate.NerTous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over-
20 years' ("xperieuce. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9 to 3
daily ; 6:3o toB.:»ev'rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
lion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
jf\ BOSt'OE MciiUlTT. M. !>.,
•63^ Hoainv Ktreet. Nan Francisco. ftA
HlHilH'jilklil?
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- 1
B Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcer* 9
Kln Mouth. Hair-Palling? Write COOK KKSI-
■ED CO., i\a MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- E
p C AGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital fi
B 1600,000. Worst cases cured in li to 'H> uays, |
jgiuo-pase book free. . E
Weak Men and Women
Should USE DAMI AN A BITTERS, thb
.'-'- great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs. ■RETREATING
BEFORE THE
INSURGENTS
Spaniards Continue to Meet
Defeat in the Phil
ippines.
Augusti Retires Within the Walls
of Manila and Cannot Commu
nicate With Madrid.
HONGKONG, June 20.— The United
States transport Zafiro, which has just
arrived here and anchored in Chinese
wati rs, brought news from Manila bir
bor, under date of June 17, from which
it appears that the Insurgents now holi
4000 Spaniards ami 100 native prisoners,
her with their arms. The insur
gents also captured on June 14 the town
of Olanga. the place next in import
ance to Manila on tho bay. Frequent
fires have occurred at Manila and at
Mai ;
■nling to advices from Manila,
dated June 17. it was reported there
that General Nonent, in coming south
v. ir.l with 3'tOO mixed troops from
Batacan, thirty miles north of Manila.
f'>und the rail: '. and was
taken by ambush by the Insurgents,
nting <-npu-->l and was carried
on for thi - 'luring: which Gen
eral Nonent was killed. The native
I the insurgents, and the
Spaniards who were left, about 500, sur-
utalion at Pampanga of native
upposed to be particularly
hooting its officers and
, when the insurgents attack
■n. The Spanish succeeded
In disarming and imprisoning a portion
of them, but they escaped when the in-
Burgt ired Marabon.
At Zapote a whole regiment revolted
critical moment. The authorities
still use mixed forces with the result
that Insurgent riflemen are frequently
f"und to have passed the sentries, and
creeping along under cover and
:iriug upon the Spaniards from behind.
Ddent of the Associated
9 pays a daily visit to the outposts
Santa Tesa, Santa Ana and
te, but there is no perceptible
ment, though there is constant
. which for the most part is inef
. ■-. Nothing is visible among the
: surgents, who fire spar
. draw abundant Spanish volleys,
tally at night. The Spaniards
ssantly squander tons of ammuni-
Into the >t the thickets,
* rently in the hope of quickly ex
ting their stock and being in a po
nder honorably after a
•
In the meantime the Spanish com
manders have been ordered to burn the
villagers' huts outside the town, so as
■juive the enemy of shelter, and
hundreds of peaceful natives are home-
There was a great feast at Cavite on
J':!]f- 12, when a declaration of inde
■ ■ • illy made by Aguin-
He had invited the American
i 'resent, but none accept-
Aguinaldo is reported to have ad
virat my under American pro
n, similar to the British protec-
Th'-re were great ceremonies
B declaration of independence was
renouncing Spanish authority.
ral Aguinaldo was: declared Pres
■ and Don Pirondo Vice President.
• T"nit>-d States cruiser Baltimore
was to have left Manila June 17 to meet
the United States cruiser Charleston
•he transports from San Francisco
which the warship is convoying. The
ected to reach the north
ernmost point of the island of Luzon
shortly afterward.
The City Carbineers, who attempted to
GARCIA'S
GRATITUDE
Expressed to America
for Cuba's Freedom.
GENERAL MEETS SAMPSON
INTERVIEW WITH THE VET
ERAN ON THE NEW YORK.
Patriot Soldiers Declared to Be in
Good Condition, While Span
ish Regulars Are
Starving.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sunday,
June 19 (via King: on. Jamaica. June
20).— A correspondent of the Associated
Press has been afforded an opportun
ity of Interviewing General Calixto
Garcia, who, with his staff, was taken
Admiral Sampson's flagship this
morning by the gunboat Vixen. The
white-haired g< neral was lying In the
cabin "f Captain Chadwlck. the corn
ier of the New York. He was
This is the message General Gar-
Dds to the American people:
"I am greatly obliged tor the efforts
of the American people In securing the
: . nee of Cuba, and I shall do
all I can to defeat the Spaniards
quickly."
■iking of the m«arch from Banes,
be wont to receive the munitions
of the Florida expedition, he said:
"\\> had a hard march over the
roads. Engagements with the Span
? No; because there were no
LardS, My 4000 men are in good
except for the slight fatigue
of the long march. We found enough
food, though the Spaniards are starv
lng The patriots are not suffering
from the blockade. They can always
get food. It is the Spaniards who pay
the price. I think the war will be over
in a few months. You can be»* ♦*«
desert from the Spanish forces on June
10, were arrested and shot.
The Spaniards have sunk the cruiser
Cebu bo as td obstruct the passage of
the Pasig River. The Americans at
Manila say apparently friendly rela
exist b< tween the French and
German squadrons.
The British second-class cruiser Bon
aventure sailed from Hongkong for
Manila yesterday and another Brit
ish warship is to follow her,
The British steamer Esmeralda left
here yesterday for Manila In order to
bring away refugees and the British
steamer Yuen Sang will leave here to
day for the same purpose.
MANILA, June 17 (via Hongkong
June 19). — The situation here is un
changed. The insurgents are unable to
take Manila, owing to their lack of field
pans. They could not take it even If
Admiral Dewey permitted, which he
will not.
The report that the United States
transports from San Francisco had
been sighted is not correct. They are
expected on June 20. All the foreigners
are leaving in neutral ships.
LONDON, June 21.— Augusti -wires
Madrid that he has retired within the
walls of Manila and will be unable to
communicate further with the Govern
ment.
LONDON, June 21.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
United States Consul Wildman has re
ceived no intimation from his Govern
ment with regard to the future of the
Philippines. General Aguinaldo- desires
that the islands become an American
colony. He declares that if he cannot
be connected with the United States he
will insist upon a republic being
formed. If any other country than the
United States wishes to secure control
of the Philippines that country will
have to fight for it. The insurgents
under Aguinaldo now have 10,500 rifles
and eight field pieces.
The Hongkong correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says: According to
the report of the United States trans
port Zafiro, which has just arrived here
from Manila, an attempt was made
last week to poison General Aguinaldo.
He was taken suddenly and violently
ill after partaking of a meal, and the
symptoms were such as clearly indi
cated that poison had been mixed with
his food. He was ill for two days.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Standard says: All the papers say the
Government is satisfied with the pros
pect of Captain General Augusti being
able to act in concert with the com
manders of the European war vessels
for a joint occupation of Manila. As
th>- city cannot hold out until the ar
rival of the American troops this would
forestall the entrance into the town of
the Tagal rebels, which Spain supposes
the European powers would not be 41a
;..,sed to permit.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Times says: The idea that Germany
will interfere to prevent the storming
of Manila is now abandoned, but spec
ulation is active as to her political de
signs. El Epoca suggests that Ger
many may negotiate with the Philip
pine republic and lease a portion of the
province of Cayap.'in, including the
port of Aparri, in the island of Luzon.
Il forgets, however, that this would re
quire the sanction of the United States
as the suzerain. In the opinion of tol
erably well informed people the idea
nting a semi-independent Philip
nine republic is an absurdity.
Spaniards easily, but it is very hard to
drive them out."
Then General Garcia asked Admiral
Sampson, who sat beside him. what
had happened to the other Spanish
ships, the Pelayo and the rest, and
id his eyes wide with a muttered
exclamation of surprise when he heard
that Admiral Camara was si ill at home.
At Holguin, General Garcia said,
there are 10,000 Spanish troops, but he
. a the 3000 men he left there will
tually prevent the army from
reaching Santiago from the Holguin
side.
Captain Chadwick met General Gar
cia in General Rabi's ramp, eighteen
miles west of TCI Morro. Habi has about
1000 men. General Garcia was accom
panied only by his staff, consisting of
Colonel Collaze, chief of staff; Colonel
Valiante and Captain Portuando, and
also by General Lord,' Colonel Malanes,
Lieutenant Colonel Hernandez, Major
Buono and their aids. Most of them
Buffered from sickness. General Garcia
humorously said: "As bad as are the
roads In Cuba, your roads, Captain
Chadwick, are worse."
Genera] Garcia and his staff were put
ashore late in the day after the prelim
inary details of co-operation between
the Cuban and American troops had
been fully discussed.
PROBABLY THE WORK
OF SPANISH SPIES
Finishing Department of a Powder i
Company Destroyed in a Pecu
liar Manner.
CINCINNATI, June 20.— The finish
ing department of the King Powder
Company, located at Kings Mills, in
Warren County, was destroyed last
pight in a manner leading to the belief i
; that it was the work of enemies of the j
\ Government. The building, in which |
< was stored a quantity of smokeless
powder, had evidently been fired near I
j midnight by tw*o men, one of whom j
was badly burned and had apparently j
| been dragged away from the burning '
structure by his companion, who then
; fled in the direction of South Lebanon.
Smokeless powder, in the condition it
was in in this department, does not ex
plode like ordinary powder, with a
' Bash, but breaks into a bright light and
burns for some time. The great light j
attracted citizens, and some of these
! met a stranger going toward South I
Lebanon. The injured man was taken
| into custody. He, is apparently a for
eigner, but is so badly injured that he
! can scarcely talk. The powder burned I
was not for the Government and the
] money loss is inconsiderable, perhaps
$2000. This company has a contract to
supply the Government, and that is
thought to be the reason the destruc
tion of the plant was attempted.
THE SAN FKANCTSCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, JDNE 21, 1898.
COMMANDER BOWMAN H. McCALLA, After Whom the
Camp of the United States Marines at Guanta
namo Bay Is Named.
DEADLY FIRE
OF MARINES
Spaniards' Heavy Loss
at Guantanamo.
MANY KILLED AND WOUNDED
FIFTY -EIGHT BODIES FOUND ON
SATUEDAY.
Dynamite Cruiser Vesuvius Explodes
a Magazine in One of the
Forts of Santiago
Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
i PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
\ LESS, off Santiago de Cuba, Sunday,
June 19 (via Kingston, Jamaica, June
; 20.) — The Cubans are extremely active;
! a cordon has been drawn around San
tiago de Cuba, General Garcia, with
4000 troops, coming by forced marches
from Banes, is now heading for Santi
ago. His troops are within forty miles
!of the city. He left 3000 men at Hol
1 puln, to prevent the Spaniards there
effecting a juncture with General Toral
lat Santiago. The Spanish troops at
i Guantanamo, under General Masso, are
j cut off from General Toral and are
; badly pinched for food. They wildly
• appealed for provisions and re-enforce
\ rr.ev.ts, but the only reply they got was
, that both were Impossible. Generul
Masso said his men were even then en
I half rations, and the supply was suf
ficient to last only during the present
i month.
General Garcia and his personal staff
I were picked up at General Rabi's
I camp, eighteen miles west of Santiago,
1 and brought to th^ flagship this after
| noon by the Vixen. There the grizzled
• and wounded patriot had a long con
! sultation with Admir.nl Sampson re
! garding the operations for the invest
ment of Santiago and the co-operation
of the American and Cuban troops.
General Garcia is very enthusiastic.
! He says the Spaniards are starving and
cannoi hold out long and that the war
Bhould end in a few months.
Two regiments of troops will be
: landed at Guantanamo Bay, which will
j be held as a base until Santiago falls.
There have been no signs of Spanish
, troops in the neighborhood of Camp
Mil "alia for several days. It is esti
mated that over 806 Spaniards have
been killed or wounded since the land
ing. Fifty-eight bodies were found
yesterday. The Spaniards seem satis
fied that they dislodge the
Americans and have withdrawn. The
upper bay is to be occupied immediate
ly. Lieutenant Delehanty with an ex
pedition is nightly at work removing
mines from the river connecting the
upper and lower bays. When this is
clear the ships will move up the chan
nel and take the town of Caimanera,
whoso forts were demolished by the
! Texa-3 last Friday.
The auxiliary cruiser St. Louis cut
the Kingston cable last night within
a mile of El Morro.
Last night the dynamite cruiser Ve
suvius discharged three more shells. A
terrific Uproar followed the second ex
plosion 'and it is thought a magazine
was blown up.
ESCAPE FROM HAVANA
WITH HOARDED WEALTH.
Officials Among the Refugees Flee
ing From the Doomed Cuban
Capital.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 20.—
Many of the passengers of the French
liner Lafayette, which arrived here
yesterday from Vera Cruz, are Havana
officials who escaped from the doomed
city with hoarded wealth, regardless
either of the desperate state of the
Government or the starving people.
The principal passenger is Major Ana
dito Jover, who is a fellow countryman
and friend of General Weyler. He be
longs to the commissariat corps of the
Spanish army and brings with him an
enormous quantity of gold, said to be
a half million dollars. Major Jover is
married to a sister of Dr. Castillo, a
well known leader in the New York
Junta, and has always evinced a
friendly feeling toward the Cubans.
BRYAN ASSIGNED TO
LEE'S ARMY CORPS.
So the Noted Confeaerate's Name Is
Coupled with the Nebraskan's
in Politics.
NEW YORK, June 20.— A Washing
ton special to the eHarld says: Colonel
William J. Bryan's regiment, now sta
tioned in Nebraska, has been assigned
to the Ninth Army Corps under com
mand at Jacksonville of Major Gen
eral Fitzhugh Lee. They will both
wait for some time before they will go
into active service, as it has been prac
tically decided that General Lee will
not go either to Porto Rico or Santia
go, but will move with the main Cuban
expedition to Havana.
Although General Lee In a political
sense is not technically on record as
regards the financial policy his friends
seem perfectly well satistied that his
gold proclivities have been as constant
as his loyalty to Mr. Cleveland. Mr.
Bryan may be successful In drawing
the former Confederate general out
during the lulls in camp life this sum
mer, in which case the glory that is to
come to each later in battle may be
consolidated in a Presidential ticket to
suit all parties if past political predic
tions have any results.
TENNESSEE AND
KANSAS VOLUNTEERS
Distinguished Men Among the Re-
cruits to Arrive at the Camp
To-Day.
BAKERSFIELD, June 20.— Three
hundred and fifty-eight volunteers from
Kansas and Tennessee reached here
this afternoon shortly before 4 o'clock,
remained about twenty-five minutes
and then departed for San Francisco.
The Kansas troops, 208 in number, were
under command of Captain David
Stewart Elliott and Lieutenant de Fort.
The Tennessee men were commanded
by Captain W. J. Whitthorne and Lieu
tenants Martin and Sparkman. The
troops were unequipped and only a few
were uniformed. The Tennessee com
pany had been on the road four clays
from Nashville. It made l^pid time to
Albuquerque, whrrp it was Joined by
the Kansas companies.
Captain Elliott is a Union veteran,
while Captain AVhitthnrne fought for
the lost cause. Both officers are men
of prominence at home. Captain El
liott Is a journalist and led the posse
that fought and vanquished the Dalton
gang at Coffeeville. Kans., in 1892. Cap
tain Whitthorne is a brother of the late
Congressman Whitthorne, who repre
sented a Tennessee district for eighteen
years. His home is at Columbia. A
brother of Charles Egbert Craddock,
the Southern novelist, is with the Ten
nessee boys.
Woodland Welcomes Volunteers.
WOODLAND, June 20.— Four hundred
BOldierfl of the Thirteenth Minnosota Vol
unteers were given breakfast here by the
Red Cross ladies this morning.
Pillsbury Beats Tarrasch.
VIENNA. June 20.— 1n the fourteenth
round of the international chess masters'
tournament. Steinitz and Marco defeated
Balrd and Tr.-nchard respectively, and
Halprin and T.ipko drew; Schlechter beat
Burn; Ptllsbury beat Tarrasch; Janowski
worsted Schlffers, while Showalter and
VTalbrodt and Llchtburn and Alapin drew.
Maroczy also disposed of Caro.
AD VEBTTSEMENTS.
; . '<
> Another Grateful Man Praises This Won- -♦
derful Belt. }
: ■^^^^»". • .'i
♦ Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt 3
-f (Free Suspensory for Weak Men).
.a. "i
T^ Dr. Sanden's success during the past year has been remarkable. The
"*" cures made by his famous Electric Belt have caused his name to be spo- .
+ ken in gratitude by men and women in every town in the West. His
♦ Belt cures so many complaints after the failure of drugs and all other H
i kinds of Belts that it is better than a doctor to a sick man. , -i
: YOU CAN'T DOUBT THIS PROOF. '
"; ; BLAINE, Wash., June 16, IS9B. '4
"*" DR A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Your favor of the 10th lnst. is before mo ,
+ ' and contents noted. If I mistake not I sent you a letter two months ago
I of my complete restoration to health. I feel that I am perfectly well, and -i
+ am and always will be, glad to testify to the good qualities of your Belt, H
-f and to your honest and upright way of doing business. Many thanks for
your offer of advice, and when I am in need of it I will be glad to consult H
"♦■ you. I will always keep one of your Belts in my house. Yours gratefully, j
4.:-,.;,. ;^V.^;J-:D. NASH.
I IT CURES ALL WEAKNESS IN MEN. "
▲. It gives strength, which makes men of physical wrecks. It restores
, the old vim and energy. Read the book, "Three Classes of Men," sent \p
sealed, free, upon application. " ' . r H
f*R A T SANDFN >-^ — — — * h
4- l/n. ii. A • OiiINLIJDIN, NOT IN DRUG STORES. '^
♦" 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Frtneisoo. unuo OlUntOi
♦• Office hours, - 8 A. M. .to 3 P. M. ';: Sundays, ; '.Dr.; Sanden's Electric Belt j
a 10 to 1." Branches at L.os Angeles, Cal.. 204V4 is never sold 'in drug stores .' : ,
" Bouth Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing- _„_ hw *-„,,„,,„„ „„„„»' "i
f: ton street; Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street: . nor by .traveling agents.. ,
I' Dallas. Tex., 255 Main street. ir — * "1
♦" -■ ■ :. -. . ■ • ■ - -■ ■ ' .. ■ H
AJ A r \A_ A_ "A^ A' - A A A"' A ' A A A A. A"' A A ' A _A A" A_ _A A" 'A^ 'A A ' A" X A^ A A A. A A l
. ■ "-■■■■ .-■■■"'■... ■ ■.-"■■■ .:'.. ■ ■ ■ ■ •';• - : '- ■"■'..■■. •;. ■ ■' . ■■■ : . ■' ■. -■ ■ -■ :
DEWEY HAS
SOLDIERS TO
BACK HIM
The Charleston and Trans
ports Are Probably at
Manila.
Officials Anxiously Awaiting News
of Events Following Their
Arrival.
WASHINGTON, June 20.
Public attention here to-day was
divided almost evenly between
three subjects — the movement of
General Shatter's army, the prob
ability of re-enforcements having
reached Dewey and the status of
Hobson, the naval hero.
It is believed that just about
the time Shafter appeared off
Santiago the Charleston ap
peared in Manila Bay, leading the
three transports which take near
ly 3000 men to Dewey's assist
ance. That fact will not be
known, however, officially for
two or three clays, owing to the
distance from Manila' to Hong
kong, the nearest cable point.
It is questioned here whether, with
this force to back him, Dewey will feel
Justified in assaulting Manila or even In
accepting Its surrender. Either course
would involve heavy responsibility for
the admiral ana it is extremely de
sirable that no pretext be afforded jeal
ous European powers for intervention
at Manila under the guise of protecting
the interests of their subjects. There
fore, it may be that the admiral will
wait another ten days, until the second
installment of troops reaches Cavlte.
In this case he probably will land the
troops that arrive in the town of Ca
vite, which is now completely under the
control of himself and the insurgents
and employ the time in accustoming
them to Manila methods and climate.
During the day dispatches announc
ing that Captain General Blanco had
I refused to exchange Hobson and his
j fellow prisoners created some indtgna
i tion, which was modified later by Mad
rid advices quoting Sagasta as saying
no decision had been reached. Should
Spain adopt the cruel and unusual
I course of refusing an exchange the
regulations of the War Department are
sufficient to meet the case. The fol
lowing principle Is laid down in its
regulations:
"Retaliation will never be resorted to
j as a measure of mere revenge, but only
as a measure of protective retribution,
and moreover, cautiously and unavoid
ably that is to say, retaliation shall
be resorted to only after careful inquiry
Into the real occurrence and the charc
ter of the deeds that may demand retri
bution. Unjust or inconsiderate retalia
tion removes the belligerents further
-md further from the mitigating rules
of regular war and by rapid strides
leads^them to the Internecine wars of
" There was a wholesale christening at
' the Navy Department to-day, when
'• Secretary Long supplied names for no
1 iess than thirty-five war craft. All of
j these were provided for In the last na-
I val appropriation bill and while con
i tracts for their construction have not
yet been let the advertisements have
been issued, except in the case of mon
itors, and all the boats will be under
way before cold weather.
First in the list of big battle-ships
is the Maine, for Congress has provid
ed that that name shall be continued
in the naval list. The other big bat
tle-ships will be called the Missouri and
the Ohio.
The first of the torpedo-boats bears
the name of the brave young ensign
Bagley, who was killed on the deck of
the Winslow, under the guns of Carde
nas, the first American naval officer to
lose his life In the war.
Four States have the privilege of
giving their names to monitors—Ar
kansas, Connecticut, Florida and "Wy
oming. The names given to the six
teen torpedo-boat destroyers are those
of America's famous naval heroes —
Bainbridgp, Barry. Chauncey, Dale, De
catur, Hopkins, Hull, Lawrence, Mac
donough, Paul Jones, Perry, Preble,
Stewart, Truxton, Whipple and Wor
den !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Superior Quality is its pass-
port to your immediate favor
and cheerful patronage.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE, U.S.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
i
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. ■
Titsuron F«rry, Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAKU
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. ll:0o a. m.; 12:35,
3:3U, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. * Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a, m. 1:30. 3:30,
6:UO, 6:20 p. m.
KAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK HAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS si". 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00. 6:25 P. m.
' Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule an above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23, —
Week | Sun- 1888. Sun- ] Week
Duos. | days. Destination, days, | Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petalurna, 0:10 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pin) Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:2*-' pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10. am
Healdsburg.
■>.'...- \y L,ylton, ,
Geysei ville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am| Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am , Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pmj 6 i-?_Pni
7:80 am " '~ 10:25 am
8:00 am | Querneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm I _• 1 _^^_ I 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 0:40 ami 5.40 am
- and I
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:10 pmi 6:22 pn
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 110:40 am 10.28 am
8:30 pm ■ 6:00 pm : • | 7:35 pm 6:2- pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton. for Lytton Spring.-*, at Gey-
rerville for- Skagg* Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Mbpland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Baitlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
tide, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullvllle. Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, U&al.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gf>n. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
end Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time: .
teave San Francisco. 4:2o p. m., S. M.T. W.T.F.S
Arrive Denver.... ....6:00 p. in., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.T.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. LouU.. 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arrive Chicago 8:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Rcaaba*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
It You Travel on the Santa Pa.
CM FRANCISCO TICKET — 544 MARKET SI
Chronicle Buildlnp. -Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland of2ce— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 • West ' Santa " Clara St
""MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. S
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) :'<•
Leave San Francisco," commencing May L
IS9S: ■ . - ■:■ . :. -' ■ ■■■■ ■ ■ ■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 &nd
1:20 p. m. . .
■Round trip from Mill -Valley. -U. ' .■'--.'
. YHOS COOK *: SON. Aeenta. 621 Marcel
' street. ■ Ban Francisco. • ■ • /< • :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
of 'V .'.']/ Wr 73
» Stylish, »
I Up-to-Date |
g $3.00 g
o Men's Fine Shoes. *
Or WE ARE OFFERING AS A 8
« LEADER Men's Fine French Calf «
w Hand-Sewed Welt Lace Shoes at £:
« $3.00 Per Pair. a
Q YOUR CHOICE OF THREE **
O • STYLE TOES (see cut above)— «
w New Narrow Coin Toe, Wide Coin v«f
■•*■ Toe and the New York Square To© '•*
<Cr (all sizes). , ££
w The fit and style of these shoes ...
" give them a marked style and up- %c
« to-date character never before of- *f
_ fered at this price. There is always **
w a Best among a score of good .££
Q things. We claim Or
» Our $3 Shoe g
a The Best of them all. 3
££ Goods not as represented return .£?
w them and money will be refunded. y\
0 Cut this out and save it to order by. £►
« If you want cheap shoes just look
~T at our Bargain Counters. '
a »»»»»«. £*
i nolanTios., f
? : ItULHiI DlaUdß^ »
PHELAN BUILDING.
a 812-814 Market St.
CD PHONE 5527. • **
01 Ot
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
ftttl Tllli:> T'^«?il?KPt?oj»irX«x»
(PACiriO SYSTEM.)
Trala* !«><%▼«• un<l arc <ln« to »»«•!»• •* |
HAS VtIATH'.ISVU.
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street) > !
lbats — From Ji nl. 1898. — a»wt» i
•6:00 a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •8:1. 1 j
7:O«a B-nicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a. I
7:«Oa Marysville, OroTllleaud Ueddlus Tia
Woodland s : i,
7:00 a Vacaville and Kumsey Bi4sf j
?:a«.\ Martinez, -San Uamon,Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rot» 51.?5 1 .?* 1 i
|KM* Atlantic lixpress, t)g<len and Hast.. B«*s* j
M«« Nilcs, San Jose. Stockton, 1000,
Sacramento, MmyHvllle, Chloo, ,
Tehama and U.d IHiilT * s !'2 I1 ''
•»:ao* Peters, Milton, <)?.kdale •<»!»* i
UitMiA Now Orleans Kiiiriwo. Merced. Fres-
no, Hakersliold. SHiita Barbara,
1,.3 Aiibolcs, Demii.it, El I'aso,
New Orleans and K;ust •i*flp
IO:«<»a VaUeJo, Martin?!: and Way Stations 7:43 p
•l:«Ol> SacrHineiito KUer Steamers •UiOOp
San Jose, NUes and Way Stations. . . I»: I»A
2:©opl.iv(iriii'ire, MerdoU, Hanford and
Visalia.. ■■■• 4:15p
LiT^more, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations J !2 : ls *■
Fresno, Yosemite, Merced, Martinez 12:13p
liiiui 1 Martinez, San lUnion. Vuiinjo,
N»pa, (,'nliKtot'a, lil Vorano aud
BanU Itoan »il»*.
4iOOi> Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
KnigUta Landing, Mti-ysTllle, Oro-
Title and SHcranientii I«:4I»A
4iSOp Nlles. San Jose, Tn.cy and Stockton .. 7sl»P
«::t«p Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James-
towa for Y. mite), Merced l»:lo*
4:30p Latfarop, Modesto. Merced. Berenda
(Kaymoud for Yosemite), Fresno,
Mujave. Santa liarbara and I<os
- : Angeles *'«»•
4tltOp Santa r«i Koiite. Atlantic KxprM*
for Mojnvß and Kast «:-I3f
O:O»p Knropeau Mail, Otj.len and Kast.... 9:45*.
•6:««( Vnllejo ••• 12:15F
6:O0p lluytvnnlx N'llm Han .lose 7:43 a. .
J7:oop V«11(>]o, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tlous.! 19:43* ;
8:00p OruKOii Hx|irMS,BuPriiiiiento, Marys-
vllle. lte.Wl.iK, rortlimd, I'nije*
Hound and K>nt Bil3a.
HAM IiKAMMSO AM) lIWttAUI>s LOCAL.
(Foot of Market .Street.) j
1 llelrow, sriii77i.il-) I'nrk, f Jl I *^*- i
»:OOa HlchlMira, KlmliiirKt, ,„ 
» : «>« A Sun l. M n.lr«.Nonlh Baa ■••«*
iiltO«A l n 1 ..0.K>t ,11.10, 12:I.-Jp
1I2:»0m " lioreimn. Cherry ■ tii43r
iStoop »» <l J*:»3p :
5:00p - llajn»rd<i. tS>43r ]
7n»Op < Runs througU to Nlles. 1«43r t
J t Kroin Nilea. I I
COAST IHVIsION (Narrow («»iisc).
(Foot of Market Street.) _^ ;
;7:43a Santa I'n.z Kzcursion, Santa Onu !
and Principal Way Stations 18iO3» ;
8:15 a Newark, OeutcrviUo. San Joße,Felton,
Boulder Orcek,Santa Cruz and Way
MUtions • B:3O» ,
•ailSp Newark, Ontorville. San Jose, New
Alnmden, Felt on, Uoulder Creek,
Saut* Cntz and Principal Way
Stations MOiSO*. j
4:l3p3an Jose. Glenwood i Way Stations 9:80*.
q1 : 1 3p Boulder Creek »nd Santa Cruz j9:a«A,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TromSiil iRIItCISCO— Not of M»rk«t Street iSli» B)—
•7:15 9:ilO 11:0()a.U. tl:03 *2:00 t3:30
•4:03 tB:OO *6:O:r.M.
rr«maASUHD-Footorßroi..iw«j.— «C:oo 8:00 10:00 i.M.
tl2:00 ♦1:00 t2:03 *3:53 {1:00 •s:flQr.M.
COAST KIVIMO.N (Kroa.lllauge).
\ (Third and Townseiid St<.)
•7:«iOa Sun .lost; ii. a \V»y st:i!i..i,R (New "
Almadni Weilneudays only) l»3O»
{7:30.v Sunday F.icursion for San Joan.
S*tiU Cruz, I'«ci!lc Grore aud
Principal Way Stations JS»S3»
»i«O* han Sam, Tt.:« I'iiios, Santa Cruz,
I'iiclllc Croro. V**n ltol.li a, Sail
Luis nlii«|Mi. (iundalii|>e. Surf and
rriitehnil TV»» Stations 4ilop
f »:IO» San nmi Wny KU110iia. ........ •8:00*
!!::s«* Sin J..so and Way .Stations *8:33 a
•ai43rSan »**>■■', Redwood, Menlo Park, .
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, Hun. l use,
(ii. y, Hollister. Santa Onir,
Halinas, .Montcny and Pucitlo >■ •■.:.
,; rove # IO:8«»
•»:S«p Rati.Tiiseaud W»y Ktitliouß *»:»»»
•J:lsi- San Jose and Principal Way HUtloiis 9:-IS*
•»:O«lp «an .lose and Principal Way Stations 6::»."5 a
r»::«Oi- .Smi.l.nii! an.l Principal WuyHtatioMO . s:3<)p
6:30r San Jose mid Way Stations v 7:: tO»
t»l:-i.lp San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:dOr
A for Morning. 1* fur Afternoon.
* Hititdays fucepted. t Sundays only ( Saturdays o-jiy
j Sundays and Mon-layn. a Satordsys and Sunday*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. iws, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
PnFsen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. lEsc'pfd tons. Exc'pt'd Dally.'
7:20 aml 9:00 aml Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 pra
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced j 12:50 p m 8:53 pra
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 pin Hanford 7:45 a m 1:25 pm
2:45 p mill p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 am
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Vi«;alia 6:40 a m 12:53 pm •
StoppinK at- Intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com- •'.
jany. leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I '
l>. in. daily: at Merced with stapes to and ,
from Snelllngs. Coultervllle. Yosemite. etc.; i
also with stage from Hornitos, Marlposa. eto. .
at Lankershim with stase to and from Madera. !
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
7: Vis ( Sausalito Ferry. " :
From baa Francisco, commencing May 1, 1893.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. •8:09.
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *1:43,* 3:20, -.4:00. 5:15. •«:0(lu *
6:30 p. m.
Extra tries for San Rafael on Mondays, .'
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:34
p.' m. >■ -• - . - . |
SUNDAiS.
For Mill Valley and .San Rafael— •B:oo. •9:OH
no, n:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. '1:45. *2:30. •4:0«L-
6:30. 6:45 p. m.
. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
i :.■ p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. )
; Trains marked • • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way rtVni.
7 8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na,
6:16 p" m. week days (Sat. ex. Tomales • axuj
way . stations. " ■'■.. . ...-.•...- ,
i:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way station*.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way *ta'V
34
NOW BEFORE
THE SENATE
Discussion of Annexa
tion Resumed.
TEST VOTE IS BROUGHT OUT
IT IS ON A MOTION TO ADJOURN
BEATEN— 44 TO 15.
flttorrill of Vermont and Bacon of
Georgia Make Speeches in Op-
V position to Taking
Hawaii.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— Discussion
by the Senate of the question of Ha
waiian annexation was begun to-day in
open session. At the very opening of
the question the opponents of annexa
tion quite unexpectedly scored a point
!by preventing a yea and nay vote on
the taking up of the resolution. When
Davis, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, called up the reso
lution the Vice-President, as usual, an
nounced that without objection the
resolutions would be considered. No
Objection being entered he declared the
resolutions to be before the Senate. A
minute or two later Frye of Maine de
manded the yeas and nays upon the
request to take up the resolutions.
"White of California instantly made the
point of order that a yea and nay vote
could not be had on a dead issue— that
the resolutions were already before the
Senate by unanimous consent. Of
course the point was sustained. The
opponents of annexation were decidedly
pleased at preventing a show of
strength, but at 4:30 this afternoon
White afforded the friends of annexa
tion the opportunity they had been
awaiting. He moved to adjourn, and,
like a flash, Davis demanded the yeas
and nays. The motion, the vote upon
*which was a test of strength between
the friends and opponents of annexa
tion, was defc ted decisively, 44 to 15.
Having gained his point in developing
the numerical weakness of the oppo
sition Davis readily agreed to enter a
motion for an executive session.
The proceedings of the day indicate
clearly that there is to be no debate
•upon the Hawaiian question in the or
dinary acceptance of that term. It is
riot the purpose of the friends of an
nexation to consume time in making
speeches. Believing that the Senate
has already in executive session
thoroughly discussed the question, they
Will permit the opponents of the pro- i
ject to occupy all of the time. This
plan of campaign is not satisfactory to
the latter and during the executive !
session to-day considerable bitterness;
was manifested at times.
The speakers to-day were Morrill, the
Venerable Senator from Vermont and
one of the Republican opponents of an
nexation, and Racon (D.) of Georgia.
Morrill of Vermont took the floor to
address the Senate in opposition to the
resolutions. The venerable Senator spoke
in a conversational tnne, but was ac
corded close attention by the Senate.
Morril] said he was "unable to concur
•with the learned committee on Foreign
Relations in regard to such annexation,
whether by treaty, by joint resolution, by
flagrant executive usurpation or in any
manner which leaves an open door for the
admission of the islands into the Union
as a State •
"The undesirable character," he con
tinued, "of the greater part of their ill
gathered races of population, gathered
•ntract to serve long years of semi
slavery by sugar employers, does not
warrant and never can entitle them to
an equal representation in the Senate of
thp United States with Virginia or Mas
sachusetts, or with Illinois and Colorado, ;
or any other State. My firm conviction i
is that annexation of distant Islands is
not in harmony with the constitution of
the United States, but is conspicuously |
repugnant thereto; nor is it in harmony
•with the history or even with any of the i
recorded opinions of our earliest and rip- ;
est statesmen. The Hawaiian Islands, v
annexed, would prove as barren of mili
tary importance as of commercial, which
Is wholly based on our unfortunate grant i
of a free market for their sugar and
their annexation would be a source
of weakness and no more desir
able for the defense of the Pacific
Coast than the back side of the moon.
The formal annexation of Hawaii, under
a one-man power, under a republic In
name, or whatever form of Government
we may choose or be compelled to pre-
Bcrlbe, will advertise the final wreckage. »
of the Monroe doctrine, so long held dear *
by the American people. We cannot af
ford to renounce and forbid all acquisi
tions of territory in the Western hemi
sphere by European governments, even at I
the peril of war, and forthwith embark
In a thus bedamned enterprise ourselves.
If our fidelity to the well-tried states
manship of the father of our country
shall be perpetuated for the next hun
dred years as In the past, the honor,
prosperity and power of our republic, it ;
may safely be predicted, will light and j
lead all the nations."
At the conclusion of Morrill's speech,
Bacon of Georgia entered upon a discus
sion of the constitutional objections to an
nexation as he viewed them. He main
tained that a measure which provides foi i
the annexation of territory is necessarily '
and essentially the subject matter of a
treaty.
At this point Jones of Arkansas made
the point of no Quorum, and the rou was
called, disclosing the presence of sixty-one
Senators.
"I made the point of no quorum," ex
plained Jones, "not because I desire to
delay consideration of the pending reso
lutions. I insist that if the rigid methods
are to be resorted to with which we were
threatened tlais morning, a quorum shall
In in the Benate to listen to th<? ar
guments present* <. ! do not want to de
lay the proceedings, but I do insist that
Senators shall remain here, and I shall
deem it my duty to make the point of n-.
quorum when a quorum is not present."
This statement brought Wilson of
Washington to his foet.
"If," said he, with some heat, "we on
this side of the chamber are to be con
tinually embarrassed by points of order,
I hope the chairman of the Foreign Re
lations Committee will exercise his right
under the rules to move that the Benate
proceed to the consideration of this mat
ter in continuous session. If the gaunt
let is to be thrown down by the opposi
tion in the first hour of the debate, w«
ought to take it up."
White, Jones, Frye and Hoar then had
a mutual explanation of the statement
made at the opening of the debate by
Frye.
]• rye disclaimed any idea of making n
threat, and then repeated what he said
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
earlier In the day. He had made his
statement, he said, because he did not
desire the bankruptcy measure should be
allowed to interfere with the Hawaiian
discussion.
Resuming, Bacon contended that the
joint resolution now before the Senate
p.s a direct blow at a prerogative of the
Senate in that UM proper method of an
nexation oi foreign i«M'ritory was by
means of treaty. He urged the import
ance of maintaining the constitutional
method in bo important an undertaking.
In thie connection, he deprecated the sug
festion that the President could seize the
f-iwaiinn Islands without the concur
rence of the Senate. The President would
have no more right thus to roizc Hawaii
than he would nave to seize Jamaica.
Still, such a seizure would be as legal as
would annexation by joint resolution.
Platt of Connecticut interrupted to In
quire whether, if the Hawaiian Govern
ment made a cession of territory to this
country without a treaty, that Congress
could accept it.
Bacon, in reply, maintained that such
! acceptance would require the assent of
I the treaty-making power?.
Foraker inquired of Bacon whether It
would not be competent for Congress to
prescribe by law certain terms and con
ditions on which any independent govern
ment could become a part of the United
States, and whether (tho terms being
complied with) Congress might not de
clare the territory annexed.
"I answer the Senator, yes," replied
Bacon, "if you absolutely nullify the con
stitution of the United States."
In concluding his speech, Bacon said
that if the Seriate passed the pending res
olution. Congress would enter upon a rev
olution which would raise the flag of the
United States over a country whose peo
plo were entirely and essentially different
from our own people; a revolution, too,
! in which tho Senate, because the majority
has the power, would surrender its treaty
making powers.
Teller said that while he had no desire
to discuss the question at length, he
wanted to call attention to the false as
■ sumption of Bacon that there was some
constitutional barrier to annexation by
act of Congress. He was not afraid, ho
said, thai the common-sense and patriot
ism of the American people would lead
the Government to acquire undesirable
territory. It was a reflection upon tho
people to intimate that they could not
trust themselves.
"I don't know." said Teller, "what the
present war will bring us. I confess I
would not have been unkindly disposed
toward a postponement of this discussion
until wo could ascertain what the issue i
of the war is to he and what other ques
tions may be presented to us. But, Mr.
President, you cannot make the American
people believe, that the Government of the
United States is not capable of exercising
the power of control in the Philippines or :
in any other part of tho world, or that !
we cannot give to that people a govern
meat infinitely better than they have had i
there for 200 years. You cannot make the |
Amoacan people believe that freedom j
and "liberty will he a means of harm to j
the people who are asked to take their
share in it.
"I don't know what the war will bring
to us. but I do believe that wherever our !
flag flies by right of conquest, or by the
consent of the people, there it will remain, j
And the party or the men who propose to j
take it down will have to reckon with the j
A-• ri< an people."
White innuired of Davis If he intended
to proceed further with the debate to-day.
Davis expressed the wish that the dis- !
cushion continue until half-past 5 o'clock.
White instantly moved to adjourn.
I>n\is asked for the ayes and nncs. Tho
motion was defeated. 44 to 15. Those vot
ing for adjournment were: Bacon. Bate, :
Berry, Butler, Cbjjton, Clay, Cockrell, |
Jones of Arkansas, Mallory. Pasco. Petti- j
grew, Roach, Turley, Turner and white.
White expressed the opinion that for ihe i
first day of the debate the Senate had i
done pretty well. He expected to proceed
with the debate to-morrow, but would not
proceed to-day. He suggested, therefore,
that Divis move an executive Besslon.
Pending the disposition of the motion. I
which Davis made at once, some routine
business was transacted.
The Senate at 5:96 p. m. went into exec
utive session and at 5:45 adjourned.
DELEGATION OF WOMEN'S
CLUBS AT DENVER
Soon the Contest for the Presidency
of the National Organization
Will Beg-in.
DENVER. June 20. — The American
Club woman has simply besieged the city.
Every incoming train has brought larsrr
delegations fr"m the four corners of the
country, until to-night the number of vis
itors is at least 1000. These sp< .
trains made the trip without mishap and
each party reports a delightful time en
route. One of the largest delegations
came in this afternoon from Chicago with
300 club women in charge of Mrs. Clara
M. J. Farson. This crowd was in charge
of a prospective bridegroom— lT. C. I \ -
ling of the Burlington line— and in appre
< kninn r.f his courtesies made up a purse
which will be presented at the wedding
next week in Chicago, the bride being
Miss Laura Shoenberger of the same
city.
The delegations from the East arrived
at noon. Miss Helen Winslow headed this
New England party, the New York delo
gation was in charge of Mrs. Tod Hel
muth and the Washington women were
in charge of Mrs. Mary Smith Lockwood
The Western delegations are beginning
to come in, and by to-morrow night it is
estimated that the number of delegates
will be doubled.
The visitors were met at the station
by the reception committee and were es
corted to places of entertainment. Th»
main headquarters, the Brown Palace
Hotel and the Metropole. are throngtci
with enthusiastic women, from whose
up-to-date clothes flutter the badge of
their particular State.
No sooner had the club women settled
in their quarters than the bees in their
bonnets began to buzz. The wire-pulling
centers in the presidency and, notwith
standing Mrs. Alice Ives Breed of Bos
ton is the logical candidate and has a
strong following, there is much favorable
talk for Mrs. Sarah S. Platt of Denver.
The Pennsylvania crowd has started an
embryo boom for Mrs. Edwnrd Long-
Btreet of Philadelphia, and still another
:•• believe there will be a dark horse.
<>n<i of the important issues has also
been sprung on the side, and that is the
increase of duty and to meet the expenses
of the federation. It is evident there will
be animated opposition to the innovation,
one large club from a Middle State hav
ing been Instructed to withdraw from the
federation in case this is done.
The city likely to get the next conven
tion is a question coming to the front.
Invitations have already come from New-
York and Boston and many leaders be-
Ueve it will go to the latter.
'!'■ -morrow will be do» r oted to prelimi
nary plans ami on Wednesday the first
official g\in will be fired by Mrs. Ellen
Henrotin of Chicago, president of the
general federation, who has established
headquarters at the Metropole.
REPUBLICANS OF OHIO.
Will Meet in State Convention at
Columbus To-Day.
COLUMBL3. Ohio, June 2O.-The Repub
lican State Convention will meet here
Tuesday. The nominations are for one
candidate for Judge of the Superior
Court, a clerk of the Supreme Court,
Dairy and Food Commissioner, Secretary
of State and a member of the Board of
Public Works. All are to be renomi
nated except the last. A contest will oc
cur in the committee on credentials be
tween the IfeKlwon and Hanna dele
gates from Cuyahoga County, but the
Hanna men have the strength to seat
their delegates. Mayor McKissnn tele
graphs the Great Northern Hotel to hang
out his banners "with a little sand in
f-aoh corner." General Grosvenor will be
temporary chairman and will sound the
keynote. It is not known who will be
permanent chairman.
FALLS INTO BOILING WATER.
St. Helena Child the Victim of a
Horrible Accident.
ST. LOUIS, June 20.-Little Jame3 An
aerson, the 7-year-old son of C. H. An
rtorson, a St. Helena business man, was
the victim of a horrible accident ' this
morning. While playing in the back yard
at the Anderson home the child fell Into
a kettle of boiling water which was be
ng used in washing clothing. The child
tvas scalded from head to heels and his
5 , ea 1 h ,, 18 momentarily expected. The lit
tle fellow suffers excruciating pain
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— Pensions
hnve been granted as follows: Califor
nia—Original—Jamos W. Cox, $6; Henry
H. Bixby, L,os Angeles, $G; George Injra
mells, Start. $8.
Oregon: Original— Special, June 11
Oliver JR. Downs, Yaquina, $6. Increase
-Hundley S. Malonoy, McMinnvllle, $17
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAT, JUNE 21, 1898.
FARCE NOT
YET ENDED
Water Company's Reply
to Los Angeles.
REFUSES THE CITY'S OFFER
SAYS ARBITRATION MUST BE
RESORTED TO.
Next Proceeds to Show Why This
Alternative Would Be Bar
ren of Practical Re
sults.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, June 20.—"Respect
fully declined with thanks." This in
brief is the reply of the Los Angeles
City Water Company, made to-day to
i the city's offer to purchase the corpoi'a
i tion's improvements to the city's plant
for $l,300,0i)0. When the Council con
vened this morning this reply was ex-
I pected and It came in the shape of a
communication from the water com
pany, which was as lengthy as usual
and was signed by its attorneys.
The communication In brief set forth
in rather ironical terms that the figures
submitted by the company to the city
| were more than twice what the city of
fered the company. The company main
tained that its property could easily be
shown to be worth hundreds of thous
ands of dollars more than had been
: estimated by the City Engineer. It de
i clared it was so confident of the value
of its plant that it was willing to leave
: the question to an impartial board of
! arbitration. Then the conditions and
i objections to this course were pointed
out as follows:
First, the question of the constitu
tionality of the bond issue for the
' municipal purchase of utilities. This
i question might have to be settled by
| the courts.
Second, the question whether the old
| ordinance providing for municipal bond
, issues had not been unwittingly re
| yoked by mistake in a number of the
■ statutes.
Third, the question as to how the city
could be bound to observe the de
! cision of the arbitrators. The latter
; might determine the price that should
| be paid and the contract of the water
i company with the city would hold the
j municipality to such a figure, but the
I voters might refuse even then to ap
prove the bond issue to cover the
amount determined by the board of ar
bitration.
The company then suggested that
bonds should be voted prior to the de
termination of the arbitrators in suffi
cient sura to cover the price that might
be named by the board.
As soon as the communication had
been read the Council referred it to the
I Water Supply Committee and provided
j for a session to-morrow morning at 10
i o'clock. At noon an executive session
[ was held and the Council decided under
I no circumstances to call any election
for nn issue of bonds prior to the time
when the arbitrators shall have fixed
the price the city is to pay for the
plant. On the other hand, an informal
discussion was entered into as to who
should be named as arbitrator by the |
I city. This was certainly a waste of |
time, but despite the fact that the pros
pects for securing anything other than
iiur.combe arbitration are absent there
are a half dozen persons striving to be
named as city arbitrator. The session !
of the Council to-morrow may produce
some developments.
Mayor Snyder has returned to the
city, but he refuses to disclose the ob
ject of his hurried visit to some un
known point and his mysterious de
parture from the city further than to
say it had some bearing on the water
question.
It is the consensus of public opinion
that the tirre has arrived to dis
cuss the question of municipal owner- j
ship without holding out further elusive
expectations and promises to the people j
of this city. It was The Call that be
gan a discussion of this character some
months ago when there was yet time
for the people to meet the issue and do i
something or have something done for !
them by their servants in the City j
Council and in the City Attorney's of- j
flee. Five months have been permitted i
to pass by the Council, the City Attor- j
ney and the Mayor and now at the j
eleventh hour there is a great rush — a !
false pretense that something is going |
to be done. It is true something will |
be done, but that something will |
amount to absolutely nothing as far as
practical results in the interest of the
people are concerned.
Five years ago the city could have
purchased the water company's im
provements for $2,006,000, but no nego
tiations were opened.
Litigation, having for its object the
clearing of the way to obtain full mu
nicipal ownership and operation, has
been pending in the shape of several
suits for four or five years and in no
Bingli suit or legal proceeding has the
city gained an advantage. There are
several cases pending on appeal; one
case has not been decided and one case
in the Federal court has been decided
against the city — that decision holding ;
that the Council had no right to fix j
rates.
The water company now stands firm
ly entrenched behind its contract with
the city, which the courts have decided
to be legal and binding on both parties.
The company is proceeding on that
contract and is endeavoring to tho best
of its ability to put the city into default
upon the agreement.
In proceeding under the contract the
city finds itself badly handicapped.
Neither the company nor the Council
can agree upon a price, a trifle like
$1,700,000 being the difference as to the
valuation of the company's Improve
ments.
Mayor Snyder says that on the ex
piration of the contract, July 22 next,
if the city has not already taken pos
session of the plant, he proposes to
take a detachment of police and in the
name of the city take possession by
force. This would be all right and
would truly be a coup de etat if the
water company were to sit idly by and
permit it to be done. But it probably
will not. It will probably procure pro
tection for whatever rights it may have
in the courts. The impression is that
it will protect itself. It has always j
done so in the past, and there is no j
reason to believe it will not pursue the
same policy in the future.
The water company would probably
go into court and claim it had stood by
nnd was ready to carry out every pro
vision of its contract whereby the city
was to acquire its plant at the expira- |
tion of the lease, and that the city had
failed to carry out Its part of the agree
ment. This being the case, it would
ask to be protected against forcible dis
possession.
This is the status of the water situa
tion in Los Angeles to-day. There may
arise some great and mighty mind who
can unravel the tangled threads within
the next thirty days, but that man has
not yet appeared.
Freestone Residence Burned.
SANTA ROSA, June 20.— The residence
of John Robertson, near Freestone, was
burned to-day. The property was par
tially insured.
LEWIS BESTED
BY YOUSOUF
" Strangler" Beaten at
His Own Game.
MAKES A POOR SHOWING
EASILY DOWNED BY THE MAN
FROM TURKEY.
Almost a Riot at the Ringside Be
cause of a Decision Against
the Ottoman
Wrestler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 20.— The Lewis-
Yousouf wrestling match at Tatters^U's
to-night was witnessed by 10,000 people.
It was for a purse of $2500 and the
championship of the world, best two In
three, catch-as-catch-can, no holds
barred except the throttling, two points
down. Tim Hogan of Chicago was
referee.
When the men entered the ring at 9
! o'clock Yousouf at once assumed the
i aggressive. After a struggle of three
j minutes, Lewis being on the mat stom
j ach down, the referee separated the
j men and gave the match to Lewis be
cause Yousouf, as the referee said, was
I strangling him. There was much howl
; ing and yelling from the disappointed
] crowd. George Considine, the backer
< of Lewis, announced that he did not
think the hold was a strangle. Brady
and all of Yousouf's men, Lewis and his
seconds and Promoter Considine alter
nated in trying to get a hearing. Lewis
agreed to take the winner's end of the
purse, $2250, and continue the match
with C. O. Duplessiß as referee, but
Referee Hogan refused to allow it and
was finally escorted from the ring by
the police. During all that time there
was the wildest excitement.
The men met on the mat again for
the exhibition at 10: w and within four
minutes Yousouf secured the same hold
that brought forth the first decision.
Duplessis tapped him on the back, but
he quit reluctantly. This fall was
awarded to Lewis on the foul.
At the end of the fifteen minutes'
interval, provided for in the articles,
the match was resumed. Yousouf se
cured a strangle hold and Lewis gave
up in C l^ minutes.
After another fifteen minutes the bout
was continued. When Lewis had
broken several locks and wriggled out
from a spin on his head the Turk again
obtained a Strangle hold and Lewis
gave up in seven minutes and ten sec
onds, Yousouf winning the match,
clearly surpassing the "strangler" at
his own game. Lewis said after the
bout: "I was licked. The Turk is a
better man."
ORIOLES GIVE THE REDS
AN AWFUL DRUBBING
Dammann Given Poor Support j and
Pounded; All over the
Field. ■
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. i,. Pet. Clubs— W. l. ret.
Cincinnati- ..31 IS .654 New York ..20 23 .510
Boston 33 10 .635 Philadelphia 21 27 .435.
Cleveland ...31 20 .60S Brooklyn ....21 28 .429
Baltimore ..29 20 .592 Washington 19 33 .365
Chicago 30 23 .666 St. Louis ....19 33 .365.
Plttsburg ...28 24 .638 Louisville ..17 38 .309
CINCINNATI, June 20.— The Reds
played their • worst to-day. Dammann
was pounded all over the lot' and his sup
port was ragged. Resurrected Maul was
almost invincible. Attendance 3060. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 7 5
Baltimore 17 IS 0
— Dammann and . Vaughn : Maul and
Robinson. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
CLEVELAND, June 20.— The Brooklyns
fell on Young for four hits, two of which |
were two-baggers, in the sixth inning.
Cleveland's errors were also costly. At
tendance 700. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 9 4
Brooklyn 7 13 0
Batteries— Young and Zlmmer:* Dunn and
Ryan. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
LOUISVILLE, June 20.— Tho Colonels
defeated the Senators in a dull and unin
teresting game. Frazer's pitching and a
stop of a line hit by Ritchey were the
only features. Attendance 250. Score:
Clubs—. R. H. E.
Louisville 8 15 0
Washington 14 2
Batteries— Frazer and Powers; Weyhlng and
McGulre. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
PITTSBURG, June 20.— Seymour was
wild and gave seven bases on balls, but
struck seven men out. Killen's gift of
bases all went to Joyce. Attendance ISOO.
Score: ::~-&-
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburpr 9 8 2
New York ....: 2 6 5
Batteries — Klllen and Bowerman; Seymour
and Warner. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
CHICAGO, June 20.— The Orphans won
their first game from the Champions to
day in a close finish. Attendance 3200.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 0 9 3
Boston . m . 4 8 4
Batteries— Callahan and Donahue; Nichols
and Bergen. Umpires— Swart wood and Wood.
ST. LOUIS, June 20.— Esper was batted
all over the field to-day. Attendance
1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis .*.... .." ...a 11 1
Philadelphia ............14 21 1
, Batteries— Esper and Sugden: Donahue and
McFarland. Umpires— Emslie and Curry.
— ♦ -•£ !
"MAINE DAY" AT
LATONIA TRACK
Proceeds Added to the Fund for the
Monument to the Nation's
Dead.
CINCINNATI, June 20.— This was Maine
flay at the Latonla track. The entries,
gate receipts and all were turned over to
the national fund for a monument to the
heroes of the Maine," and a handsome sum
■will represent Latonia in this noble cause.
First race, mile, selling— Ben O'Fallon won,
Mrs. Bradshaw second, Domestic third. Time,
1:42%. • • ;.•
Second race, five furlongs — won, Bc
zlque second, Donna Bell third. Time, I:(>3'4.
Third rao>, mile and an eighth, selling—
Kitty B won, Charina second. Romp third.
Time, 1:55%. . -.';• ■ ..
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs—
j Jeannot won, Sansaba R second, Beguile third.
Time, 1:35%. , ■•..-, ■■;■,.• .' ... :.
•■ Fifth race, five furlongs— House won,
Obstinate Simon second, Estabrooks third.
Time. 1:03%. ■ -[;
■ Sixth race, mile, selling— Katie May won.
The Doctor second. Everest third. Time.' l:43.
Seventh race. mile, selling— Hidalgo won, El
sir.a second. Skink third.. Time, .1:424.'
CHICAGO, June Harlem results; weather
| fair: : " - • . - ■■.■'■ ■ ■; . \■'
First race, ' four furlongs, Helen's Pet won.
Queen's Pon second, , Golden. C third. Time,
:49%. I '. . •; ■■• .;•, . =;■■ v:' : £;-, :..•
Second race, mile and a sixteenth—
won, Laius second, Tonto third. ■ Time, 1:50%. t
Third race, four furlongs— Mazle V won, Rosa
L second, Foxnette third."'. Time, :49V4.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, The Tar
coon won. Inconstancy second. I Jack o' I Hearts
third. Time, 1:49. ■--> ,•-. ■. ..
■Fifth race, seven -.-. furlongs— Pingree . won, 1
Richard J second . Patroon third. Time.' 1:23.. ■
'-- Sixth ; race, .; mile and ■ seventy :; — Monk
■ Wayman won, Indra second. : Grazlella third.
Time. 1:46. . ; . > . .;  :.
Seventh race, mile— Al Fresco won, Goodrich
second. Rnjrerß third. : Time, 1:42. :. :;- .
ST. LOUIS, June Five straight favorites
were .*. successful •>■■ In -: winning ;■»••• at .'. the .. ' Fair
Grounds and '<• a ; heavily ■: played ,-: third ; choice
landed the closing event. -. .Weather ' cloudy;
, track goo*- '-•-■■■'■' ■-*■■■
First race, six furlongs. Loving Cup won,
Marsella second, Nora S third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth Don Orslno
won. Lulu May second, Brlggs third. Time,
Third race, five and a half furlongs, Ben
Bramble won, Rosa Clay second. Chancery
third. Time. 1:09.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, For
busn won. Onlnoor second, Tranby third.
Time. IMBH-
Fifth race, seven furlongs, Ed Farrell won,
Th* Chemist second, Mitchell third. Time,
Sixth race, one mile, selling, Bishop Reed
won, Osric II second, Muskalonge third. Time,
1:42>-i.
DENVER, June 20.— Results at Overland
Park:
First race, pacing, Florence B won In three
straight heats. Time, 2:lß'^— 2:l6*4 — 2:l9Vi.
George C took second and Fannie Putnam
third money. Peter. Grey Eagle. Benham.
Blast, Shelah, Princess and White Hat also
Second race, trotting John A. McKerron won
In two straight heats. Time. 2:25—2:25. Ellen
Madison and Dr. Spelman also started.
Third race, seven furlongs, Enclno won, De
Capo second, Liberetta third. Time. 1:30.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongi. Bill
Howard won, May Beach second, Dorah Wood
third. Tim*. :55.
Fifth race, hurdle handicap, mile and an
piphth, McPryor won, Silverado second, Texar
kana third. Time, 2:10.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Results at Sheeps
head Bay:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Cleophus
won, Lady Marian second. Lambent third.
Time. I:CS 2-5.
Second race, mile— Ben Ronald won, Nuto
second, Leedsville third. Time. 1:42 3-S.
Thira race, Daisy Ftakes, five furlong-a—
Kingdom won, Larva second, Armament third.
Time, 1:01 4-5.
Fourth race, mile and a furlotiK— Ortoland
won, Defender second. Howard Mann thinl.
Time. 1:56 1-5.
Fifth race, (teninjr Futurity course* -Rusher
won, Jack Point second, Francis Brooker third.
Time, 1:13 1-5.
Sixth race. Grass Inaugural, p!x furtmci -
Issrtore won, Klnnlkinnlck second, Van Ant
werp third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
T'KTROIT, June 20.— Weather showery, trr). k
fast :
FlrFt race, half mile, nelllnir— Neada won.
Contravene second. Illusion third. Tlmp. :4'' : -,
Second race, spiling, mile— Annie Laurie won,
Jp.tsamlne Porter second, Fontumka third.
Time. 1:44.
Third race, selling, five and a half furlonss—
Jessie won, John Conroy second, Midlo third.
Time t:O9H.
Fourth race, mile— Alice Farley won. Maz
arine second, Our Johnny third. Time. 1:40.
Fifth race, selling, mile and a half — Frank
Jaubert won, Royal Choice second, Don Clar
enclo third. Time, 2:37>£.
TENNIS AT WIMBLEDON.
Hobart Easily a Winner in His First
Match.
LONDON, June 20.— The All England
lawn tennis championship tournament
opened at Wimbledon to-day. The Amer
ican competitors, Messrs. Hobart, Grant,
Parmley and Paret, drew byes the first
round.
The interest of the day centered In the
appearance of Clarence Hobart, the
American player, who outclassed Evered
at every point as soon as he learned the
court. The first set was contested and
the last two were walk-overs, the scores
being o—7, 4— .'), 4—2.
Paret is out of condition, having had
no opportunity to practice since he ar
rived in this country. But, though he
was beaten, he pave his adversary. Q.
M. Simons, a hard and brilliant fight,
particularly in the last set. The umpire
criticized his running service and called
frequent faults on him for delivering
the ball with his foot over the line. The
score stood: 7—o. 6—3. C— 3, 12—10.
Grant is a most promising youngster,
but was out of it in hia match, his
scores being o—l,0 — 1, C— l, 6—l.
TROOPS HIS CHIEF SUPPORT.
William Says the Army Is His Most
Important Inheritance.
BERLIN, June 20.— The official Relch
zansieger to-day says that Emperor Wil
liam, in a speech which he delivered to
the Imperial Guards at the Lustgarten,
Potsdam, on Thursday, spoke of the army
as being 1 hia most important inheritance,
and said: "When 1 ascended the throne
with n weighty load of anxiety, every
where was I regarded askarice and every
where I encountered false judgment. The
army alone believed in me, and supported
by you and trusting in the God of our
forefathers, I assumed my heavy office
knowing well that the army was the chiei
support of my country and the chief pil
lar of my throne."
Ills Majesty concluded with hoping "the
loyalty of the army will become ever
more pronounced and that it!? main sup
ports, namely, bravery, honor and un
conditional, unswerving blind obedience,
may ever remain unshaken."
SHELTER FOR THE HOMELESS.
Park City's Fire Victims Cared For
Under Friendly Roofs.
IV.RK CITY, Utah, June 20.— Firemen
to-day still playing streams of water
the smoldering- ruins of yesterday's
lagration. which practically destroyed
city. Many Salt Lake business men
here arranging to reopen business,
c of them putting up tents. There
lenty of food, and a good many va
: houses on the hillside which escaped
the flames to-day furnish shelter for hun
dreds of homeless people. No definite es
timate can be given yet as to individual
losses and insurance.
Financial aid has been offered from
many quarters, but so far It has been re
fusgd. Further estimates on the total
loss show that it may not exceed 5750,
000. _
Runaway Lads Caught.
SANTA ROSA, June 20.— Policeman
Boyes to-day located two San Francisco
boys, Charles Aycrs and Robert McClos
key, who ran away from their homes
several days ago. The boys are de
tained here pending the arrival of friends
from San Francisco. They say they
wanted to see country life.
Marysville Pioneer Dead.
MARYSVILLE, June 20.— Malachl Ca
rew, a pioneer resident, died suddenly at
his home in this city at noon. He was a
native of Ireland and 70 years of ag-e.
Fatty degeneration of the heart caused
his demise.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '.»
I Morphine If
5» ■ ■-• ■ ■ ■■ ■' ' £ ■
I And all other narcotic |
I drug addictions succumb i
Ito the Keeley Treatment 1
just as a fever succumbs to 1
% aconite. Each case is treat' 1
jled on its own merits. A 1
j! building up of shattered
: I nerves and tissues grady p
: | ually accomplished. There i
% is nothing heroic about the 1
I Keeley. |
§ Sena Tor printed matter that s!
5 tells all about it. g
S THE KEELIiY INSTITUTES, '-:'
1170 Market St., San Francisco, *i
jg 232 North Main St., Los Angeles. §:
5 Fred A. Pollock, Manager. &.' '
Ig3?BDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
ft*t^jg§|! Five hundred reward for any case
H^* * aB T§ we cannot cure. This secret remedy
_* '"i ij etops all losses .in 24 ; hours, : cure*
nag Hfl Emissions, Impotency, Varicoc*lt»
JAT-i s PTiHI gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures!
iWBB BKB LoFt Manhood and all wasting ef-
,T^ IBS fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■Wlllfl'ai sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, {5- guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALLS-MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway,* Oakland, CaJ Also
for sale :at « 1073V4 Market fit . ' 8. P. --■ Ail pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
;BU SI NESS DIREC TOR V
• .... __nsrr>
\ PURCHASERS' GUIDE
: To Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale
Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
i CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.,
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Ben dine and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
ITiHE P. ROSSI CO., Importers of High-Class Fur-
■L nitnre, French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc., 11'
Sntter street. ' __________
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MI V7A CPDIVfi Proprietor. Send for meas'
ITl_n_.U JinlnU ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
slon, 9 Geary St.. S. F. ■
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
ETWIT *CrHlNni CD Bank, Office and Saloor
rII>K _3LHIi>ULEK,iri 13C9 Market
st. Telephone South 267.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock Vii lID £ TA n Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. »V ILLII tt VU- San Francisco.
BELTINO.
I P nFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
L. r. LICUCII, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing:.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, (65 and $75. Crescents, in Men's
and Ladles' $:;.". Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
TO T"^ W. J. Brady'3 Patent
If fi DETACHABLE
Jfi*. 4& MUD DRUM
!|^BHKk[^/bjß| for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JR MfITWVDI? Bookbinder and Printer,
Ji Pi WlllUiri-ti 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUG GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
_-__-____
COPPERSMITH.
. Joseph Fox. Supt. H. ISlyth, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing; Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 13
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs M H ORFR &CO equipoise waists.
IHrS.ITI.U.UDCK g Uf. 31 Geary st.,Tel. EedHOl
COSTUMER3.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers; wigs; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615.
______ -
DENTIST.
PR- C- W • RICHARDS, SB. Corner K__ray.
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINOTON & CO. S3?d a 9L s S£S?4
. ' FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
■407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented....: ...over' 914. 000,000
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.; only makers
on the coast. 219 Front St.; tel. Front 38.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYF? & f ft Shipping Butchers, 108
JA3- DUIC3 _ WUi, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR. - -
N4TIANAI Flour Mills. J. Martensteln A; Co.
nAllUflALi S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
« Ap To. -.-hCsettf :«!k.«i?r«c!iajfre;ss.Wep
eridCnwisS-t.^.^ .$159 cr
< &L^Pffe* :^. f"^ -^ •»
S^WS^%'VAN VROOIVS
>TO\«S\* Electro Denial Parlors •
'*-~**]LPl I/ 1 X* •IXTH AND MARKET
'V» V > G. W. KLEISER, D. D.i :"
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S ow»*
s&jm Museum of Anatomy
/Wli I«3IUAJIXETST.tet6th*7th,S.P.CaL
H % W Toe I.arge«tofit3klndinti9^'orld.
I^^\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
CoDialtatlon free. Write for Book
O Philosophy ci Carriage.
K)*tLED FREE.
E ?gATENTsf vC J
\£a!^33OMARKET ST. sT**©S^
- -
I have a friend, in fact he is my brother-in-law, who is the outside
man for a New York crockery warehouse, a sort of salesman, purchas-
ing agent, collector and what riot. He used to suffer from a catarrh
of the stomach. When he woke in the morning there would be a
gripping, a contraction, a tightness of the stomach, which, he said,
seemed to be clogged with a slimy, phlegm-like substance. Carlsbad
salts always did him some good, but now he uses a Ripans Tabule. He
only takes one when occasion requires, just one now and then. When
this man, his name is Spalding, was asked to describe the effect of the
Tabule on him, he said : "Why, it brightens me up. It has an effect
like dry air; makes me feel something's I used to of a spring morning
when the air was crisp but tempered with sunshine. I don't know
Jiow they produce such an effect, but that is the way they work wifcti m***
HARDWARE.
: ' DALACE Hard ware Co., Importers Dealers
•^in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
" LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkin St., S. P.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of an
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
" Carts, etc. If you -want bargains call or writ*
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castines of Every De-
- scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
I I GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 gutter St..
VI San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons In bottle*
and rases. L. G. Sresovich Co.. 521 Sansome st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
I THF T H*Pn Mattress Co., 642 Mission
I IRE DLnml-lhll st. Telephone Main 1671
__
PAPER DEALERS.
WH I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
TfILLMIYILI !L 722 Montgomery Street
, PIANOS.
I The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
I 28 and 30 O^Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
{TOT) A A £ency. Reloading, developing-, prlnt-
IWlFAninir. T. V. Andrews. 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE. ~ i
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. '
• REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nOMCCTIP" Pre-eminently the rr*chln« for
EJUIiILdIIU family use. 1021 Market street,
rear Sixth.
SOAP.
OP I ITf VX- f A 123 California street.
• A. LLWI Q. WU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
ragggghiq PARTRIDGE, ™ c^
THE HICKS- JUDD CQ.,-S_gS^£t 8t
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms fH4CRHCC Claus Spreckels
407. 40S, 409, 410 VilA DLI B\<ig., 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS. fl'f 1 '
TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office "IS Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. Tha Uoine Industry
; House, 508 Clay st. -
j TYPEWRITERS.
i g|§L ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
(fcwgi?^ Few partly used for sale cheap.
j |»i». Send for samples and prices.
*^KSS=» L. & K. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HKNRT B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing dona in
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
12S Spear St.; tel. Main 205.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914^
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON. 733 Market st.
Wholesale and retail Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near Claus SpieckeSa building.
BATHING SUITS.
v.v.d viiwt/ upstairs, ->
U.W.tS l/tM&t/ UPSTAIRS, .
'KNUiItINQCO. NearKearnySti
HEADQUARTERS FOJt
! BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS.
Perfect Fitting
Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear •
MADE ME A MAN
/1^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
■ hf I A-liLKervous Diseases— Failing Mem-
»— • *l ory, Impotency, Sleepl3saneEß, etc., cnused
If ,\ ] by Abuse or other Excussea and Indis*
x •«€«, cretione. Tlir-j quickly and surely
\ ~Y restore Lost Vitality in eld or young, and
ViiS/^X fit a man for study, business or marriage.
■ ykiaSt? Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Their use shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CURE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the ecnnine Ajax Tablets. ' They
have cared thousands and willcarejou. Woeiva a pos-
I itiro written cuarantee to otlc-ct a care EC) OTCf a
i each case or refund the money. Price wW U Ivi per
package; or six plcgss (full treatment) for 12.50. By
mail. In plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
AJAX REMEDY CO,, w«s£S*;i,^w «5£S*;i,^
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnitz & COka -
. 236 Sutter. Ho-Percentago Pharmacy, 'Hi Mtt.
I
/.^^^frlf Big G Is a non-pofscnoa»
*&mm*L . t 7**MM F, m *% for Gonorrhoea,
jSBW^ cl '•'• ' t-l-.'t, Spermatorrhcea;
MV lnltosda.Ts.\.l whites, unnatural dis-
§SE9 p a » r " teed m charges, or any inflamma-
«•»* not to stricturo. "■ tion, irritation or ulcera-
R-4Pre™ C c On -.»gio n . tion of mucous mem-
ffTSITHEEvANSCHEMirMino. cranes. Non-astringent.
BSBf Sold by DrDe ii(«.
U. 3. x. Jf&A or ssetn t 1" plain wrapper,
'^9l«B^s| terTbofffeW.rl 0 '
» Circular sent on roa.uest.RUSHING WORK ON THE
THIRD FLEET OF SHIPS.
Merritt Expects to Sail on
Saturday, but His De=
parture May Be
Delayed.
Four Cases of Diphtheria Sent to the
Marine Hospital From the
Minnesota Camp.
Major General Merritt. V. P. A.. Gov
ernor General of the Philippines, has
fully decided to sail for Manila with
the third fleet of the expeditionary
forces, and with that end in view he Is
having matters connected with the ex
pedition closed up as rapidly as possi
ble. The members of his immediate
staff and all other officers; assigned to
duty on this flotilla are getting every
thing in readiness for embarkation.
The date of sailing has not yet been
definitely fixed. It is not likely that
the transports will get away before
Saturday of this week, and the sailing
may be deferred until early next week.
General Merritt has not yet selected
his flagship, but it is thought that it
will be the Indiana.
Should the sailing of the fleet be post
poned General Merritt may sail on the
cruiser Philadelphia. which, according to
an army officer holding a high position,
can be fully ■ the voyage
by that date. Tiie general Is in com
munication with the War Department
regarding the Philadelphia, but has re
ceived no definite reply as to the cruiser
convoying the ti^-t <>r' transports.
The steamship Valencia, the latest
addition to the fleet, will go to the dry
dock to-morrow morning and come out
on Thursday, and under the supervi
sion of Major Long, the depot quarter
master, will be mavJe ready in time to
sail with the other four vessels of the
squadron.
The Signal Corps under Major R. E.
Thompson, which will sail with General
Merritt, will consist of five officers and
:." men. A r^-ruiting officer, however,
will remain in San Francisco to enroll
enough expert telegraph operators to
fill the corps to its maximum and to
forward them to Manila, together with
;i large quantity <>f supplies, including
a cab'c now being made in the East, to
connect Corregidor Island with the
mainland.
All tho officers of General Merritt's
:r.!ip: be vaccinated before they
sail for Manila, and an army surgeon
at the depot quartermaster's building
on New Montgomery street is now per
forming that operation as fast as the
officers make their appearance.
THE NEW REGIMENT
OF VOLUNTEERS
Park Henshaw to Be Colonel and
Captain Carrington Lieutenant
Colonel.
It is settled, as published exclusively
in The Call yesterday, that Park Hen-
Bhaw of Chico is to be commissioned
colonel of the twelve company regi
ment of volunteers from California to
fill the quota fn>m this State under the
Becond calL Colonel Henshaw is a man
of ability and an officer of experience
: nd good judgment In military affairs.
lie brought the old Eighth Regiment
«.f the National Guard up to a high
standard of merit during the years that
he had command <>f that organization.
It has been suggested that the next
regiment to be mustered into the Unit
-tates service from California be
numbered tho Eighth in compliment to
the excellent regimental organization
that lost its number by Vfjison of the
readjustment "f the National Guard.
It is accept* d aa a fact in military
circles of the State th;it Captain Car
rlngton, First United States Infantry,
will receive a commission as lieutenant
1 of the new California regiment.
in Carrington's i"ng service on
the staff of Governor Budd has brought
him Into close touch with the military
nizationa of this State.
The best Information obtainable is
WILL BE MADE LIEUTENANT COLONEL.
Captain F. de L. Carrington, U. S. A., Who
Will Be Second in Command of the New Cali
fornia Regiment.
to the effect that Major A. K. "vVhitton
of the Fifth Regiment of the National
Guard will be commissioned as one of
the two majors allowed to the new regi
ment. Major Whitton lives in San Jose
and has been identified with the Fifth
Regiment for many years.
John A. Koster, formerly a lieutenant
colonel In the National Guard, accepted
a commision of a lower grade in order
to get into active service. There is
talk that he will command one of the
battalions of the new regiment. Only
two majors are to be chosen, but the
applicants are many. Colonel Koster
has an excellent record so far as Na
tional Guard service is concerned. He
is well up in military tactics, and fully
capable of commanding a battalion.
Captain George B. Baldwin, another
National Guard officer of distinction,
may be commissioned in the new regi
ment. He possesses qualifications for
service as regimental adjutant or quar
termaster.
The selection of regimental surgeon
has been made. The appointment of
Dr. George F. Shiels is semi-offlcially
announced. Dr. Walter S. Van Dyke
is likely to be one of the assistant sur
geons, and Dr. F. W. Dudley another.
These three surgeons were ordered be
fore an examining board last evening.
Should the report of the board be fa
vorable the appointments will be made
without delay.
»
GOING WITH A RUSH.
Active Operations in Getting the
Third Fleet Ready for
the Troops.
The work of getting the transports
ready for the voyage to Manila went
with a rush yesterday. It is not settled
whether or not the Newport will go out
with the third fleet, as it may be impos
sible to get her ready in time. Judging
from the manner in which the Ohio, In
diana, Morgan Pity and City if Para are
being put in readiness they should get
away next Saturday. Stores from the
commissary department of the army be
gan to arrive at the various wharves
yesterday, and the work of coaling all
the vessels will be finished to-day. Last
♦reek it was thought the transports
would be ready to sail on Thursday, but
it can now be plainly seen that every
body will have to put their foot foremost
in order to get the vessels away by Sat
urda;..
On the Ohio, at Lombard-street wharf,
and the Indiana, at Pacific-street wharf,
the work of coaling is still going on. In
the forward part of each vessel 350 of
Turner's patent bunks are to be put in,
and then there will be accommodations
for over a thousand soldiers on each
ship. On the .vlorgan City 700 of the
same kind of bunks have been put in,
and a steam kitchen has been built on
deck. The boy? will find the Morgan
City a very comfortable vessel. On the
City of Para a hundred men were put
to work yesterday, and Captain Howard
says the carpentering work will go
through with a rush. The owners of
the vessels say it will not be their fault
if there is any delay, and the Govern
ment la already rushing- the supplies into
the ships, so that no blame can lie at Its
door.
The next fleet to get away will be com
p<ps<-<i entirely of pressed vessels. The
Newport was taken last SaVurday, the
i'it\ of Puebla two weeks ago and the
Aiameda, Acapulco and Valencia will
make up the expedition. The Peru, which
will be due here on the 24th inst., will
probably ;ilsn l«> pressed Into service and
Bent to Manila.
It is not from any want of patriotism
that the owners of these vessels compel
Uncle Pam to take them. All of these
steamers arc- in urgent demand by the
various companies, and the Oceanic and
Pacific Mail will be prnctically crippled
by the taking of the Aiameda, Peru, New
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 21, 1898.
port and Acapulco. With the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company the case is
not so bad, but still the City of Puebla
and Senator will make a big gap In the
Puget Sound fleet.
-he converted tugs Active and Vigilant
were towed to the navy-yard yesterday
by the Government tug Unadllla. They
will be fitted out with their armament
and will then be ready for active ser
vice.
The Government collier I\ero is rapidly
getting her cargo of coal aboard and
will be ready for sea next Thursday.
The Mnnadnock has been coaled and "is
ready for sea.
THE ORDERS TO EMBARK.
Troops Designated for Each
Transport of the Third Fleet.
Seventh California Paid.
As far as can now bo ascertained, pro
vided the vessels are ready and no fu
ture orders are issued changing the date
of departure, the third expedition for
Manila will leave Camp Merritt Thurs
day. That is the troops will break camp
on Thursday and go aboard the trans
ports, but it is hardly probable that the
vessels will sail before the beginning of
next week.
The following orders were issued yes
terday morning from Third Brigade
headquarters reassigning some of the
troops to different transports from those
on which it had been intended to ship
them, as a result of the Seventh Cali
forjiia being thrown out and the regulars
substituted:
The troops of th<? command herein desig
nated will be placed In readiness to embark
for the Philippine Islands on the steamers
hereinafter named, by Thursday next, the 23d
instant. They are a?sinned to transports as
follows:
To the steamer Morgan City— All of the First
Idaho Volunteers art! the enlisted men of the
First Nebraska and Second Oregon Volunteers
awaiting transportation to those regiments.
To the steamer City of Para— All of the Thir
teenth Minnesota Volunteers with the excep
tion of the recruits for that regiment which
have not yet arrived !n ramp.
To th.> steamer Indiana— Headquarters band
and Companies B, C, Q and 1., o:' the Twenty
third United States Infantry, with recruits for
the First Battalion of that regiment now en
Cor the Philippines; Companies D and
H of the Kiurhteenth United States. Infantry,
with attached recruits for the First Battalion
of that regiment, and detachment f rom the Sig
nal Corps, consisting of five officers and fifty-
A PROSPECTIVE BATTALION COMMANDER.
A. X, WHITTON of San Jose, Who May Be Commissioned
Major of United States Volunteers.
five enlisted men, and Company A of the
United States Engineer Battalion.
To the *t»a!ner Ohio — Headquarters ba.nd
and Companies C and F at the Eighteenth
United States Infantry, with attached recruits i
for the First Battalion of that regiment; Hat
teries? G and L, Third United States Artillery,
and the First Wyoming' Volunteers (one bat
talion).
To the steamer Valencia— All of the First
North Dakota Volunteers. . .
After the departure of the next expedi
tion, the remaining troops will ,be rebri
fjaded-by Major General Otis. In this con
nection the Fourth Cavalry was formally
attached to the First Brigade vest prday,
as was also the cavalry from Nevada.
Trie Seventh California Regiment was
paid by Major Whinple yesterday until
June 30, inclusive. Last night Colonel
Berry closed his lines and the men: re
mained In canio. The regiment has a
record for gentlemanly behavior that ■no
other regiment, can surpass, and' the offi
cers' and men alike are determined that
the effects of pay day shall not cause
them to break their record. S-'* : /'i\
A general court: martial has been called
for to-day to try the • case of Private
Sweeney, Company X, First ; North Da
kota, against whom has been preferred
the charge of Insubordination. • Sweeney
used abusive language to Lieutenant Hil
dreth of the regiment.' when he was act
ing as officer of the guard. - ;
Governor Richards of Wyoming visited
Maior Foote's J battalion yesterday
and spent some time with the
officers. The Governor will * remain
here until the battalion leaves for Manila.
The funeral of Private Keough, Com
pany E, Twenty-third United States In
fantry, -who died on Saturday ,at the
French Hospital, took place yesterday af
ternoon. The services were "conducted by
Father O'Ryan, and the remains were laid
in the national cemetery, at the Presidio.
Charges have been preferred- against
Private Tullls, Company I, Twenty-third
United States Infantry, who- a few days
ago shot Private Reid, Company <X, game
regiment, through the leg by accidentally
discharging his rifle. He will be trie!'.
by a general court martial. The surgeons
state that Tullis will recover without the
necessity of having his leg amputated. •
, The First Tennessee Regiment has got
In . its requisition ■ for arms and »equip
ment. To-day; the men will have shoes,
clothing : and other necessaries issued to
them , and in a few days ■ Colonel Smith
hopes to have his command in shape for
service in the Philippines. , ....■ >•■.■
* A number of the recruits for the Twen
tieth : Kansas and Thirteenth Minnesota
regiments arrived yesterday. •
The following, regimental quartermas
ters have been detailed by Major Gen
eral Otis to ", begin '; loading aboard ship
the commissary, supplies of ; their respec
tive regiments: ">.;- v ■-' . -
Lieutenant William 'i H. , Sage, Twenty
third Infantry, steamer Indiana; Lieu
tenant Thomas .": W. Griffith, ,; Eighteenth
Infantry, steamer Ohio; Lieutenant W.
H. ; Hart, Thirteenth. Minnesota; steamer
City ■of Para; s Lieutenant 5 James ;.- Gra
ham, First 1 - Idaho ■ Infantry,' steamer Mor
gan ■■- City = Lieutenant , I. -• A. Berg,' ;- First
\ North - Dakota, j steamer Valencia.
More Soldiers Coming.
A train of soldiers is expected this
morning from Kansas and Tennessee. A_
telegram was received here yesterday
which showed that about 350 soldiers are
on their way to this city. They left Mo
jave at noon yesterday and should arrive
about noon to-day.
On Wednesday 330 volunteers and 3 offi
cers will leave Los Angeles to join the
Seventh California Volunteers.
ARRIVAL OF RECRUITS.
The Thirteenth Minnesota Re
ceives a Big Re-Enforce
ment.
A troop of 330 recruits for the Thir
teenth Minnesota filed into that regi
ment's camp, wheeled and halted in a
well-dressed line before the crowd of vis
itors and soldiers that had gathered to
receive them, yesterday afternoon.
They were by far the best dressed and
best drilk-d squad of "ruklos" that have
yet marched into camp. The good peo
ple of Minneapolis and St. Paul had pro
vided them with blue overalls, and Col
onel Reeve had the forethought to ship
thorn from his commissary stores hats,
shirts, blouses and legginsrs.
Colonel Reeve, his officers and the
regimental band met the boys at the
ferry and accompanied them into camp.
DIPHTHERIA IN CAMP.
Four Cases Sent From the Mm
nesota Regiment to the
Marine Hospital.
Diphtheria has finally made Its ap
pearance at Camp Merritt. Four ea-=es
bearing all the earmarks of that dread
disease were discovered yesterday in
Company M of the Thirteenth Minnesota.
They were immediately removed to the
Marine Hospital and every precaution will
In' t.-iken to prevent the spread of the
malady.
The number of cases of sickness In
camp is rapidly decreasing. The measles
epidemic is practically under control, but
of the number of cases remaining many
are of a decidedly serious character. Ce
rebro spinal meningitis lias made Its ap
pearance and has Bpread so alarmingly
that Major Owen baa seen fit to report
the matter to Major General Otis for gen-
eral circulation among the surgeons of
the camp.
There are now thirty-five patients from
the camp being cared for at the French
Hospital, the greater number of them
suffering from meningitis and pneumonia.
Five that were brought in yesterday are
of a serious nature. John Manjean of the
Eighteenth, Peter Thompson of the Pirat
South Dakota, and F. McHill of the Sev
enth California are all suffering from
pneumonia with their chances for recov
ery at the minimum. Harvey Pepper of
the Twentieth Kansas is a victim of
acute consumption and no hope for his
recovery is held out.
PREPARING TO EMBARK.
The Batteries of the Third Ar-
tillery Getting Ready for
Manila.
Batteries G and I- of the Third United
States Artillery, which are to sail with
the third Manila expedition, are doing
some hard work in Infantry practice, es
pecially in skirmish movements and the
formation of line of battle. In fact, Dig
whole Manila battery under command of
Major Hess is engaged in this work. The
daily drills are witnessed by a large
number of visitors.
Batteries G and L have been rellevod
from duly at Camp Miller, In urd-^r to
enable them to prepare for embarkation,
which will be on Thursday.
Yesterday Captain Raymond, surgeon,
assisted by the hospital corps of the Ma
nila battalion, vac ciliated 140 men of
Battery L, and to-day they will vaccin
ate Battery G.
The health of Camp Miller is excellent,
there being not a man in the hospital
with any serious complaint. The rest
of the Third Artillery at Camp Miller
will go to Manila with the fourth expe
dition.
A HOSPITAL SHIP.
Measures to Care lor the Sick
and Wounded of the Army
of Invasion.
The field hospital force, consisting of
700 men, will go to Manila as an inde
pendent expedition.
If it does not get off with the next expe
dition it will follow not far behind. No
official orders to this effect have yet been
Issued, but the tip has been quietly given
out from headquarters to the officers of
the corps, and preparations are making
all along the lines of this plan.
Chief Surgeon Lippencott has issued or
ders to Major Owens, commander of the
field hospital forces, to immediately make
requisition for supplies for 700 men* and to
push enlistment as rapidly as possible.
The field hospital force will have a boat to
Itself, especially fitted out for the use to
which It is to be put. On board will go
the 700 men that will comprise the corps,
235 tents, stores for six months* use in a
t>oo-bed hospital, and all other equipment
necessary to the care of the sick and
wounded of the big army of invasion.
It is confidently expected by the officers
of the corps that their boat will sail
within ten days.
UP TO THE MAXIMUM.
Last of the Recruits for the
First California Are
Mustered In.
Captain Carrington has finished the
work of recruiting the First California
Volunteers up to the maximum. Late
yesterday afternoon he mustered in the
DR, GEORGE F. SHIELS,
Majop and Surgeon of the New
California Regiment of Vol
unteers.
last batch of recruits and to-day the 300
men will be marched out to Camp Merrltt
and turned over to Colonel Berry of the
Seventh, who will take them to Manila
with his regiment.
Captain Carrington had no difficulty In
filling up the regiment; there were scores
of applicants for enlistment at the Page
street armory yesterday, hopeful that
somebody would back down at the last
moment and give them an opportunity to
join the regiment.
A large quantity of quartermaster stores
were sent to the armory and as fast as
the men wore sworn into the service they
were uniformed find equipped throughout,
from underclothing to shoes and blan
kets. After they go into camp they will
be thoroughly drilled by officers of the
Seventh detailed for the purpose, so that
by the time they reach Manila '.bey will
ue fitted for the hard duty txrfore them.
Maty of the recruits are former national
guardsmen, consequently they will have
little trouble in rounding Int3 shape.
The recruits from the south for the
Seventh are expected to arrive to-morrow
or Thursday. They will be taken to th«
Page-street armory and kept there until
they are mustered into the service. This
will take not more than two days, so that
by Saturday Colonel Berry will have ICOO
men under his command.
A Reception to the Soldiers.
The officers and enlisted men of the
various regiments will be tendered a re
ception at the Young Men's Christian
Association bui!ding. Mason and Ellis
streets, to-morrow evening. The entire
building will be thrown open hi honor of
the boys in blue. The Seventh Kegiment
Hand, California Volunteers, will furnish
music, and there will be selections by the
Noble sisters, trombone and cornet solo
ists: readings by Dr. Thomas L. Hill,
whistling solos by Miss Cordie Wetjen,
quartets' by the Knickerbocker Quartet,
and short addresses. In connection with
this gathering there will be an informal
farewell reception tendered Messrs. C. A.
Qluns and P. A. Jackson, who are to go
out as representatives of the Christian
Commission on the next expedition to the
Philippines.
Nat Messep Appointed.
The President yesterday appointed Nat
T. Messer of San Francisco captain and
commissary of subsistence of volunteers.
Captain Messer has not yet received his
assignment to duty, but as he is a capa
ble officer he will probably be selected for
service with the Philippine expedition
ary forces.
Messer's appointment was secured
through the Influence of Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin and John W« Mackuy.
War Incidents.
Charles A. Stuart, of tjie Home Mutual
Fire and Marine Insurance Company of
this State, has resigned his position and
i< >iii«'<l the Heavy Artillery Volunteers of
California, and will go to the front in the
next expedition.
Colonpl Berry of the Seventh California
yesterday received a telegram from the
Red Cross Society of TvOs Angeles, stat
ing that 200 recruits would arrive in San
PRIVATE MACNAB PROMOTED.
President McKinley Raises Him to the
Rank of Second Lieutenant in the
Regular Army.
A few days ago. President Me- ■
Klnley appointed from the differ
ent military universities through
out the country 200 of the bright
est students to serve as second •
lieutenants in the regular army.
Among these is Corporal A. J. Mac
nab of the University of Idaho.
Young Macnab enlisted in Com
pany D, First Regiment of Idaho
Volunteers, as a private, and came
to this city with his company. Ow
ing to his knowledge of military ■
matters he was promoted corporal,
but had not worn the chevrons long
before he received his appointment
as second lieutenant in the regular
army. He does not know yet the
branch of the service or the name
and station of the regiment to
which he will be assigned, but as
a good soldier he Is ready to obey
orders wherever they may send,
him.
A DISCOURTEOUS LIEUTENANT.
The Commander of the Astor Battery Forgot
lie Was a Gentleman and Snubbed
the Ladies of the Red Cross
Society.
The much-talked-of Astor Light Battery arrived yesterday, and from the
commander of New York's swellest military organization the ladies of the
Red Cross Society received their first snub, a snub so direct and given with
such studied discourtesy as to stamp the offender as totally lacking every
qualification of a gentleman.
There was an unusually large crowd at the ferry depot yesterday morninff
to welcome the scions of the first families of Knickerbockerdom and extend to
them California hospitality. The splendid band of the Fifty-first lowa was on
hand, and the Red Cross Society had made the usual elaborate preparations
for breakfasting the members of the battery and the 300 recruits for the lowa
regiment that were also to arrive.
The recruits landed shortly before 7 o'clock and received a well-merited ova
tion, of which they did not hesitate to show their appreciation. They were a
stalwart lot of young men, true Americans every one, with that inborn ven
eration for womanhood that stamps the Western freeman untrammeled by
caste and fashion.
While they were breakfasting In the Red Cross dining room the Regi
mental Band played several choice selections, which were loudly applauded.
The Towans received the usual decorations of flowers with thanks, and then
giving three ear-splitting cheers for their entertainers, they started out to
join their regiment Just as the Astor battery, 102 strong, with six Hotchktss
guns, marched off the ferry boat.
The lowans were lost sight of in the rush to see the New Yorkers, who
were escorted up the depot by the band which had remained behind to show
them that courtesy. The guns and caissons were run on one of the piers with
the baggage, and J. B. Stetson on behalf of the ladles approached Captain
P. C. March, the battery's commander, and invited himself and the members
of the battery In to breakfast.
The answer was prompt and sharp to the last degree.
"My men have had breakfast."
Not an acknowledgment of the courtesy, or even an amiable tone or gest
ure accompanied the refusal.
"But you hardly seem to understand." explained Mr. Stetson. "The ladies
of the Red Cross Society have fed 14,000 troops, regulars and volunteers, and
this is the first time their efforts to aid the soldiers have been ignored."
"I can't help that." was the reply. "Such things may be all well enough
for a lot of volunteers, but this battery belongs to the regular service and I
want my men to become accustomed to the hardships of campaigning."
Some of the ladies came up at that juncture, and they, too. begged that the
men might be allowed to go in to breakfast, but the officer was as insolent to
them as he had been to Mr. Stetson.
Finally they asked that the men be allowed to march into the dining room
and receive some flowers, but Captain March at first refused to even grant
them that privilege. Finally, however, he did unbend enough to march hla
men into the room, and the ladies offered each a hunch of flowers and an or
ange, which were gratefully accepted. The men eyed the steaming dishes of
stew, piles of tempting sandwiches, boiled eggs, cakes and coffee with long
ing eyes.
They were hungry and they did not hesitate to say so, but in the presence
of the man fate has placed in command of them they dare not eat. They told
the ladies that they had been served with a cup of coffee and a piece of hard
tack at 5 o'clock, but that was all and they could get nothing more until after
they reached Camp Morritt. The men, who felt keenly the boorishness of their
superior, did all they could Xn relieve the embarrassment. They sang several
songs for the ladies and cheered them for the viands provided for them but
which they were not allowed to touch.
Captain March put an abrupt end to the affair by ordering his men to "Fall
in," marching them out of the room without even lifting his cap to tha
ladies.
As for the members of the Red Cross, they were dumfounded. and natur
ally intensely indignant. They had entertained thousands of regular and vol
unteer soldiers, every one of whom had expressed heartfelt gratitude for their
humane efforts, and now an obscure lieutenant of artillery, lifted into momen
tary conspicuousness by the favor of a millionaire, not only slighted but actu-
ally insulted them.
Captain, or Lieutenant, March's assertion to Mr. Stetson, which he also
made the night before to a Call representative in Oakland, that his battery
belongs to the regular service, is difficult to understand. To be sure, it Is offi
cered by regulars, but so are many other voluntary organizations; its mem
bers enlisted for two years, or during the continuance of the war, the same as
other volunteers; it was equipped by a private individual instead of the Gov
ernment, and It is not attached to any regiment In the regular establishment.
Clearly Captain March is at fault In his nssertions, and it is feared by some
that his unexpected elevation has unbalanced him.
While on the road here Captain March telegraphed to headquarters ask
ing that his battery be stationed at the Presidio instead of Camp Merritt
with the other volunteers, but the general, unmindful of the aristocratic cap
tain's feelings, took no notice of the request, and March was compelled to
pitch his camp in the sand lot formerly occupied by the Nebraskans. When
he left the ferry March announced that he was going to the Presidio, but
the strapping cavalryman detailed to escort him to camp grinned and con
ducted him out to the Bay District tract.
The battery is finoly and thoroughly equipped, but last evening most of
the men were down town looking for the Palace Hotel, where they expected
to dine.
After the battery left the ferry the guard of a dozen men lift behind to
escort the baggage out to camp took advantage of the Red Cross Society's
invitation and enjoyed a hearty breakfast, for which they were most grateful.
They reiterated the statement that all they had was a cup of coffee and some
hardtack at 5 a. m.
The ladies of the Red Cross are seriously thinking of petitioning the "War
Department not to assign any more dude commands to the Philippine expedi
tion. But now that Captain March is h.->re it Is to be hoped he will be as
signed to the next expedition and given every opportunity to extinguish him
self on the field of battle.
Francisco on Thursday morning, and
that they have been provided with ab
dominal bandages, housewives, caps and
field pillows.
A POPULIST MUST
SERVE HIS TIME.
CHAIRMAN SYLVESTER OF
SHASTA IS DOOMED.
United States Supreme Court Decides
That He Must Meditate and
Work for Ten Years.
A mandate was received yesterday from
the Supreme Court of the United States
confirming- the judgment of the lower
court in the matter of A. J. Sylvester.
Sylvester was a prominent politician of
Pitt Valley, Shasta County, and was
chairman of the Populist county conven
tion of that county, a position which he
filled with great dignity and satisfaction,
if not to his constituents at leasi him
self. He did not approve of the financial
system of the Government, and bitterly
denounced all monopolies, including that
of manufacturing the coin of the realm.
He came to grief, however, by turning
out a large quantity of counterfeit half
dollars, which the unfeeling and sordid
public, including even the Populists, re
fused to aeeefli at par. The tyrannical
Government, which at that time, accord
ing to Patriot Sylvester's teachings, was
under the control of millionaires, syndi
cates, trusts and bond holders more or
less bloated, seized Patriot Sylvester and
cast him into prison.
He was convicted in the. United States
District Court and sentenced to ten years'
imprisonment in the penitentiary, and to
pay a tine of $1000. Sylvester has been in
Jail since June. 1896, and under the de
cision of the Supreme Court he must
serve the full term.
Graduates of Everett Grammar.
The graduating exercises of the Ninth
Grade pupils of the Everett Grammar
School were held in their class room on
the afternoon of June IG, and the follow
ing pupils* received diplomas: George
Bennett, Peter Noonan, Anna Cattermole,
Mamie Rigney, Ella Colletta, Annie
Ritchie, Jennie Conlan. Mamie Sellers,
Jeannette de Guerre, Elsie Saver, Anna.
Dixon. Chrissie Schmidt. Ethene de Gear,
Ida Thing, Fred Hillman. Maude Wh'g
ham, Walter Howatt, Herman Walter,
John Ileran, Lulu de Yonge, Kate Mar
shall.
The Bridge medals were awarded to
Herman Walter and George Bennett and
the Denman medals to Jeannette de
Guerre and Annie Dixon.
Africa's Dark Continent.
An illustrated lecture on "Colonial Li
beria from 1822 to 1898," the third and last
of a series, was given at the Academy of
Science last night by George K. French,
F. R. G. S., to a well-filled house. Life as
seen by Mr. French in the negro repub
lic was treated from its political, social,
educational, industrial, commercial and
other economical standpoints, showing
the actual condition existing In Liberia
•at the present day. Mr. French consid
ers that the negro in his present condi
tion is an independant factor, so far as
his work in Liberia is concerned, and
that the value of Liberia depends on Its
annexation to British Sierra Leone.
GETTINGS REPENTANT.
The Shoe Clerk Promises to Support
His Family and the Case Is
Dismissed.
Two days' sojourn in the City Prison
had a softr-ning effect upon George H.
Gettings, the shoe clerk who was con
victed Saturday by Judge Mogan of fall
ing to provide for his two young children.
When he appeared in court yesterday for
sentence he faithfully promised the Judge
to return to his wife and family and sup
port them, and the Judge, for the chil
dren's sake, dismissed the case.
Rose Finch, the woman whom Gettlngs
lived with, failed to appear yesterday to
answer to the charge of vagrancy, and
a bench warrant was issued for her ar
rest. Judge Conlan, who gra.nted the
order to Attorney Martin Quinlan for her
release Saturday is indignant at the way
in which he was hoodwinked In issuing
the order. He has ascertained that the
woman was visited Sunday night by Get
tlngs' two sisters and a man. who pre
vailed upon her to leave the city by tell
ing her that she would be arrested for
a much more serious crime. The Judge
is determined to sift the matter to the
bottom and punish those who caused the
woman's disappearance. Her attorneys
promise to have her in court this morning
as they do not believe she has left th*
city.
Christian Workers for Manila.
A branch of the Christian Commission
has been established in this city on the
lines of the organization which did church
work in the Union armies during the civil
war. The intention is to unite all
churches in this work, which is to be un
der the direction of the Young Men's
Christian Association. F. A. Jackson ot
the San Francisco association and C A
Glunz of the Oakland branch will leave
on the next Manila expedition as repre
sentatives of the California department of
the commission.
Stole Cash and Clothing.
J. Williams, a carpenter, 19 years old.
was arrested last night on Bush street
by Officer J. F. Deinan and Detective
Reynolds and locked up in the California
street station on a charge of petty lar
ceny. When arrested Williams had in
his possession a grip containing $39 in
cash and a quantity of clothing, the prop
erty of J. Van Alstyne of 51" Bush street.
Williams had paid Van Alstyne a visit
early in the evening and when he left
took the grip with him.
Claims He Was Swindled.
A. J. Ritter, a recent arrival from Ari
zona, swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday charging E. Runge with
obtaining money by false pretenses. Rit
ter alleges that he purchased the fixtures
in a saloon at Twelfth and Howard streets
from Runge for $300. and and on going
to take possession found that the fixtures
belonged to the brewery syndicate.
56
TUESDAY JUNE 21, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Cwnmumcati™sJ»JAMiJJiA^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) H
served by carrier* In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a we**. By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents. ________
THE WEEKLY CAUL. One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE «« 906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl__» Hous*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, «pen until
920 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia—" Aristocracy "
Baldwin-' 1 The Passion Play."
Ateaiar— "A Celebrated Case '
Morocco's— "After Dark. 1
Tlvoll— "All Baba."
Crphenm— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy Bireets, Specialties.
fcutro Bathe — Swimming,
El Campo— Mualc, danclngr.boating. flahlng. every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Edward S. Spear & Co.— Tills day, June 21, Furniture, etc.,
at Kl-88 Butter Btreet, at 11 o clock.
By Geo. F. Lamaon— Monday, June 27, Immense Library, at
corner Market and Seventh sireeta, at 2 and TUN P- M.
A "POPULAR" SUGGESTION.
IT has been suggested that it would be a gooc idea
for the Democratic party to dispense with all State,
municipal and county conventions this year. The
idea is put forward in the interest of harmony and
economy, especially the latter, and in support of it
the allegation is lodged that a great deal of money
might be saved the party for use in the campaign
by authorizing the Democratic State Committee to
make all nominations, State, county and municipal.
That body having appointed a committee to conduct
the campaign in San Francisco, it is said, there is no
good reason why it should not appoint one for every
other county and city, or, what is the same thing,
personally make all nominations.
Surely the time is propitious for this, though at
first glance the suggestion may appear a trifle revo
lutionary. The Democratic party is now in the
hands of "Trustees" McNab, Gould and Alford, three
bosses whose political purity, like the personal purity
of Caesar's wife, is above suspicion. We violate no
confidence when we say that these bosses are un
selfish in their devotion to Democracy. They do
not want anything, cither for themselves or their
friends. McNab, especially, would not bow to an
office were he to meet it in the street, and as for
Gould and Alford, they would ignore the presence of
a red hot stove at any time, unless, indeed, they
should each have a pair of asbestos gloves. In our
judgment, there never was a time in the history of
the Democratic party when it could more safely en
trust everything to its bosses than now. McNab,
Alford and Gould should be allowed to name all the
ticket?.
In this city preparations have been completed for
carrying some such plan into effect. McNab has chosen
a County Committee, which will name a convention
and a State delegation. Why go to all this trouble?
McNab may as well name the delegates and ticket
first as last. If there is to be a Democratic State
Convention — which, under the circumstances, seems
to be entirely unnecessary — why not let McNab name
the delegation from this city. Gould the delegation
from San Joaquin, and Alford the delegation from
Trlare? If the other members of the State Com
mittee are equally trustworthy they might be per
mitted to appoint the delegations from the other
counties, and thus a truly representative and har
monious convention could be created. • On the score
of economy this plan could hardly be excelled.
It may be urged that to nominate Democratic can
didates in this way would be unpopular, and for that
reason the plan will probably be antagonized; but
no argument that can be urged against it as a
State proposition is likely to apply to ft locally. Boss
McNab should be authorized to name the entire mu
nicipal ticket. If it should be necessary to do this
through the Committee of One Hundred all right,
but to our mind it would look better to dispense with
that body. In politics subterfuge and chicanery are
always dangerous. Why beat about the bush with
a committee when McNab and the Third Street
Boodler (late of Mission street) can do the work so
well, openly and above board? Conventions and
primaries are a useless expense. The modern method
is to dispense with them. Why should the Demo
cratic people be consulted? Surely the "whisper
ing" boss knows better what is good for them than
they know themselves.
By all means let us have a "good" Democratic
State and municipal ticket. Who can give us a. bet
ter one than Bosses McNab, Alford and Gould?
A reporter for an evening paper takes it upon
himself to say that the Centennial, thrice rejected by
the Government, is as good as some of the accepted
vessels. Marvel arises that a naval expert so capable
should have escaped the offer of a job from the Gov
ernment, which just now is in need of men of his
qualifications.
England has decided to omit the usual play
maneuvers of her navy this year, but if occasion arise
for maneuvers of a serious variety she is believed to
be in the humor to undertake them at short notice.
Blanco should be careful how he refuses to recog
nize a flag of truce. The time is not far away when
he will be in a pretty fix if the United States shall
be governed by a similarly barbaric notion.
Naval reserves have had their first experience under
fire. Of course they bore the ordeal well. If they
had not been made of good stuff they would not have
been naval reserves.
If the Kaiser ever declares that America shall not
take the Philippines while he is in power the state
ment may be taken as the announcement that he 13
tired of his job.
Captain Huke, of a British merchantman, declares
the Cuban blockade a joke. It is, however, not one
of the kind susceptiblo to the process of being
cracked.
AQUINOLDO AND THE PHILIPPINES'
IT is very probable that grave complications will
arise in the Philippines, due to Aguinaldo's proc
lamation of independence. If he defeat, the
Spanish garrison in Manila and add the city to his
recent conquests in the provinces, we will have to
treat with him as to the future of the Islands. He is
a mongrel with all the ambition and strut of the
Spaniard. If Manila surrender, to him and then
our forces appear in front of the city they cannot
land without his consent, nor is it likely that he will
turn his prize over to Dewey, or surrender his con
quest and jurisdiction to Governor General Merritt.
He has made deals with the Spaniards before to
his own advantage and is not made of that sort of
stuff which scruples and shies when self-interest is
to be served and power gained by the sword is to be
retained and exercised.
To his followers a change from Spanish to Amer
ican domination is simply a change of masters. They
are largely of Chinese and Malay blood and their
leaders are thoroughly informed of the attitude of
Americans toward those races. One of the things
that may be expected to happen is a Spanish sur
render to Aguinaldo and a combination of the de
feated Spanish force with his revolutionary army to
preserve the independence which he has been in such
haste to proclaim. When a masterful and unscrupu
lous character combines Asiatic and Spanish in
trigue its action in a crisis is hardly calculable and
is always surprising. From our standpoint we
would say that of course Aguinaldo's gratitude to
the United States will induce him to turn his ocn
quest over to us and resign his power to the Ameri
can Governor General. This view is based upon
implied patriotism and unselfishness, which are not
elements in his character nor among the motives of
his revolution. He has prospered as an insurgent.
He pocketed a Spanish bribe of $800,000 to betray
the cause he led and the men who rollowed him.
Having sold himself he did not stay bought. He
i 3 an insurgent for revenue only and the first in his
tory who has shown the ability to eat his cake and
keep it. If he takes Manila and makes a combina
tion with the Spanish garrison he is in position to
make a cash deal with Germany. The Philippines
will be his conquest, not ours, and under the laws
cf war it is rather difficult to find a valid objection
to such disposition of his conquest as pleases him.
Suppose he make a German deal, our position would
be exactly reversed. We are now saying to Ger
many "hands off." Then, resting upon Aguinaldo's
proclamation of independence and his title by con
quest, Germany would tell us "hands off."
Maitia! events in the West Indies are interesting,
but for a time the Philippines will hold the center
of the stage, for there is the point at which Euro
pean complications will begin, if at all.
Aguinaldo's proclamation has a purpose which will
shortly appear. If he were co-operating with the
United States such proclamation was not only un
necessary, but a breach of faith. Its utterance is
evidence that he feels himself operating as an inde
pendent commander, sure of his strength and certain
of his position. He cannot fail to know that his
action is an utter disarrangement of American plans.
Nothing, indeed, would be more at cross purpose
with us, and if his craft be joined to Spanish cun
ning, and this junction be abided by, a Spanish sur
render to him might be the best strategy yet shown
by Spain. It is true that such a move would not
leave us without cards. Aguinaldo may promise all
this to secure a Spanish surrender and then break
his word with as little compunction as when he sold
himself.
In fine, Aguinaldo is a mongrel scoundrel, but it
is very important that he should be our scoundrel.
THE NEW SECOND LIEUTENANTS.
THE new appointments of 195 young men as
second lieutenants in the regular army to fill
the vacancies caused by the recent changes in
the army organization seem to have been well made.
The policy pursued in their selection was at any rate
wisely adopted, and if all the new officers do not turn
out well, it will not be the fault of the system under
which they were chosen.
When it was known that this large number of
army appointments were to be made a strong pres
sure was brought by members of Congress upon the
President and the War Department to obtain offices
for their friends. There was danger that this pres
sure might result in filling the army with a set of
political appointees of no particular merit. That
danger has been avoided or overcome Doubtless
the recommendations of Congressmen had much to
do with the choice of particular persons, but under
the rules adopted in making the selection every as
pirant had to possess something of personal merit in
order to be successful.
A large number of the men chosen are graduates
of military colleges, or of colleges having military
instructors, and no less than sixty-seven of such in
stitutions arc represented in the list. These young
men hail from all sections of the Union and have
been trained and instructed under widely different
methods. Some of them were honor men in their
classes, and all of them arc types o^ men out of
whom efficient commanders may be made by experi
ence in army life.
The military colleges, however, have not furnished
the only field from which the Government has found
it advisable to draw its new officers. The useful
ness of the National Guard as a training school has
been recognized, and among the new appointees are
a considerable number of men who have served in
that organization. This is a well deserved tribute
to the guard and one which will have the effect of
increasing enlistments in it, and stimulating its mem
bers to fit themselves for possible promotions here
after.
By far the most gratifying feature of the appoint
ments, however, was the selection of a considerable
number of men for promotion from the ranks of the
regular army itself. Nothing puts spirit and energy
into an army like the hope of promotion from the
ranks. Nothing that Napoleon ever said in all his
eloquent addresses to his army had more effect in
rousing their courage and inspiring them to action
than his saying: "Every French soldier carries a
marshal's baton in his knapsack." The young re
cruit of the imperial armies, who knew that his com
manding officers had risen from the ranks and that
he himself had a similar career possible before him,
fought with an ardor unknown to tne men of the
opposing armies, and carried the eagles of France
victorious over all Western Europe, from the British
Channel to the plains of Central Russia.
The infusion of new blood into the army by these
appointments is said to be approv«d by the West
Pointers themselves. The promise of good results
from them is therefore excellent. The young men
who are about to enter the service as lieutenants
have a bright prospect before them, and the nation
relies upon them to attest by their fidelity to duty
the wisdom of the Government in selecting them to
perform It
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1898.
PERSONAL VALOR IN Wfiß.
WHEN gunpowder became extensively used in
war there grew up a theory that it would put
an end to chivalry by placing the compara
tively weak and cautious man on an equal footing
with the bravest and strongest. The theory was re
futed by every war that followed, but lately the vast
improvement made in the engines of battle has re
vived it. For many years it has been a widely ac
cepted belief that long range guns have destroyed
opportunities for the display of conspicuous gallan
try on the field of battle. It has been thought that
since opposing forces have to fight at such distances
from one another no individual can ever have a
chance to show himself possessed of any extraordi
nary personal heroism.
The theory has a certain foundation of fact upon
which to rest. In the days when battles were fought
out with swords it was possible for a brave Hora
tiua to hold a bridge against an army of ten thou
sand. The feat could not be performed in these
days. A single sharpshooter of no conspicuous
courage could remove Horatius as an obstacle with
one shot. Neither can a commander to-day, in
storming a city, distinguish himself like the lion
hearted Richard of England by taking a battle ax
and going up to the gate and battering it down. The
hero who would attempt such a feat now would be
hoist out of the fight by a petard dropped from the
hand of a powder monkey.
Such feats of heroic daring are gone forever, but
nevertheless war continues to demand valor and to
afford the valiant a thousand opportunities to dis
play their superiority to the common range of men.
Our war with Spain affords a striking illustration
of the fact. With all our excellence h. the way of
the mechanism of war, with all our big ships, big
guns and thunderous cannonading on both sides the
globe, the most conspicuous feature of the war so far
has been not the mighty potency of our arms, but the
personal valor displayed by so many of the men who
wield them.
Lieutenant Bagley, steaming his little torpedo
boat into a Spanish harbor and boldly fighting war
ships and land batteries, in order to find a channel
by which other and larger American ships could enter
the port, performed a deed of personal gallantry as
conspicuous as that of Arnold Winklereid rushing
upon ah Austrian phalanx in the middle ages and
gathering a dozen spears into his single breast to
"make way for liberty."
Equally eminent as a display of personal daring
were the feats performed by Naval Constructor Hob
son and Cadet Powell at Santiago. Nor do these
officers deserve all the credit The seven men who
followed Hobson will stand in fame along with him,
and every story of his deed will record their names
with his.
When the war broke out the Spaniards were be
lieved to be the equals of the Americans in personal
courage, and it was said they would t>e defeated be
cause in modern war valor does not count for so
much as superiority of arms, scientific attainments
and skill in the handling of the machinery of battle.
Up to this time the record of the contest has shown
the very opposite. We have triumphed over Spain
not so much by force of superiority of armament as
by sheer valor. If the conflict should end now the
deeds performed in it which would be longest re
membered would be the personal daring of a few
men who have made themselves conspicuous for gal
lantry and heroism.
THE AUSTROLJON CONSTITUTION.
ONE of the notable features of the constitution
proposed for the commonwealth of Australia is
the extent to which it brings the people into
direct relations with the Government. Not only are
Senators to be elected by popular vote instead of by
State Legislatures, as with us, but in several other
particulars that vote is to be appealed to in cases
where no provision for such an appeal is made by our
system.
There is to be an election of members of Parlia
ment at least once every three years, but in certain
cases the Governor-General, who represents the
crown, is authorized to dissolve Parliament before
the three years' term has expired. In this way the
Australian Ministry, whenever it finds itself opposed
by Parliament, can by a dissolution carry the issue
directly to the people. The plan is virtually that of
a referendum with the addition of calling upon the
people to decide not only the point of dispute, but
the election of members of Parliament at the same
time.
Another feature in which the Australian constitu
tion differs from ours is the provision that amend
ments are to be effected not by the States, but by the
direct vote of the people. Am proposed alteration of
the constitution must first be approved by a majority
of both houses of Parliament, and then at a date not
less than two months nor more than six months
thereafter must be submitted to the electors of the
various States. If it is approved by a majority of the
voters of a majority of the States and the total vote in
its favor is equal to a majority of all the voters of all
the States it becomes the law.
It will be seen the new form of constitutional gov
ernment differs from our own mainly in the direction
of giving the people a more direct control of all
branches of the government. Whether it will stand
the test of a century of development and trials so well
as our own may be questioned, but it is certainly the
most interesting experiment in the way of govern
ment making in recent years.
THE NEEDED GUN PLANT.
INHERE had for a long time been a theory that
the establishment of a gun assembling plant on
this c^ast would be wise, and by that common
consent, as well as by the judgment ot experts, the
site for it should be Benicia. That the place has every
advantage of accessibility and that the Government
already has there a considerable basis for future me
chanical development there can be no question.
It remained, however, for the war to demonstrate
how necessary a gun assembling plant would be to
this coast and to the country in time of war. The
demonstration has been complete, and with the as
sistance of representatives at Washington will doubt
less be effective. With such a plant here much of
the delay now unavoidable would never have been
experienced.
A gun assembling plant is more than its name im
plies. It provides not only for the storage of ord
nance, but of all the munitions of war. In case of
sudden emergency it is embarrassing to have to wait
for supplies stored on the Atlantic coast. There is
the usual red tape to be overcome, and in addition
to this many miles, which might easily be so impor
tant as to turn the tide of war. Rushing acioss the
country now are trains laden with supplies destined
for Manila. If these supplies had been kept at Be
nicia they could at this moment have been far on their
way to the relief of Dewey.
There has been no argument advanced against the
establishment of such a plant, and no valid argu
ment exists-
COLLECTED IN
George Brent of Pacific Grova Is at the
Lick.
Dr. H. H. Stephenson is a guest at the
Grand.
Senator H. V. Morehouse Is stopping at
the Lick.
C. R. Walker and Captain Leo Linn are
stopping at the Palace.
Captain B. M. Milliken of New York
is stopping at the Palace.
William B. Fruen of San Jose and wife
are registered at the Baldwin,
F. L. Reed of Reedley and H. I. Sey
mour of Sacramento are stopping at the
Grand.
Colonel B. B. Fairbanks of the Fifth
Cavalry, N. G. C, Is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
In these Idle
days for railroad
'men on the
: "street" heavy
time is lightened
by the recounting
of stirring events
that have gone be
fore and a consideration of personalities
that have impressed themselves on the
book of local railroad biography. Bob
Keppler, who left San Francisco for New
York— a field in which his peculiar abili
ties might extend and ramify without
limit— was formerly rated as the most
successful ticket seller on the line. He
Introduced a daring and boldness into his
operations that stopped at nothing. Less
resolute men often failed where he suc
ceeded and his reputation Increasing year
by year soon traversed the continent.
When in this city he was passenger agent
for the Baltimore and Ohio. The num
ber of tickets he sold was In advance
of the popularity of the road and ha was
the object of unremitting envy on the
part of his confreres. The following is
a story of a coup de grace which was
concealed religiously for some time, but
leaked out yesterday. It goes to explain
the success of Keppler's methods:
A band of eight Chinese came into his
office and they wanted tickets for a point
on Keppler's line. Keppler reached for
the tickets and taking them from the
rack prepared them for Immediate use,
Keppler was ready for a sale, but the
Chinese were not. This, however, was a
matter of no importance whatsoever.
When Keppler distributed the tickets he
waited silently for the consideration. The
Celestions were sphinx-like in their non-
WHYKEPPLER
WAS
A GREAT MAN.
comprehension of the white devil's pur
pose, and they also maintained a taci
turnity that was awe-inspiring. Finally
one of the eight spoke up and he said po
litely and in fairly good English that he
did not care to buy the tickets; that all
he wanted was to price them. With that
Keppler jumped over the counter and be
gan his attack. In a commanding voice
he ordered the sons of Asia to follow
him; which thoy did. Back to the end
of the store they went and Keppler
opened the door leading Into the cellar.
Those eight Chinese were forced into the
collar in 4:40 time and there they were im
prisoned until Keppler saw fit to release
them. After battering away at the door
for three hours the spokesman signified
his willingness to accede to the demands
of the mighty white man. Eight tickets
wero bought and paid for on the spot.
I. Dannehaum of Vallejo, E. B. Goodrich
of New York nnd John L. Hudney of llol
listor are registered at the Lick.
Thomas L. R. Klney, Alex Walker, Q.
E. Hooven and H. C. Erselstyn of the As
tor battery are registered at the Palace.
Charles del Roca, the French mining
expert, arrived In this city yesterday
from Ralston Divide and will remain at
the Grand while in town.
Jesse S. Andrew, the well-known in
surance man, has just returned from an
extended honeymoon in the Kast. He
and his charming bride (nee Fish
er) visited all the principal En stern cities
and spent two weeks at Washington, D.
C, with old friends of Mrs. Andrew.
They will reside at 2220 Broadway.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 20. — Captain
Jules Callundan of San Francisco and
Henry T. Driggs of Los Angeles are in
the city.
CAXIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Colonel H. Ben
del of San Jfrancisco la at the Imperial;
Prince A. Peniatowski, San Francisco, is
at the Netherlands; Dr. Jacob Voor
sang-er, San Francisco, is at the Plaza;
Enoch Knight, L/OS Angeles, is at the
Grand Union; Mr. and Mrs. Robert Top
litz, San Francisco, have gone to Paris.
THE HOME GUARD.
The battle drums are whirling past to-day
To the glad flutter of the Stripes and Stars,
But my proud s.-.-ul, sn eager for the fray,
Can only beat ugainst the fretting bars.
I cheer the colors and the serried lines,
The measured cadence and the clink of steel,
But deep within my aching- heart repines
And the hurrah but hides the woe I feel.
How curious doth fate thus shape our ends-
Some march awny with slow, reluctant tread;
While I, who chafe to Join my soldier friends,
Must still remain, an idlar here Instead.
You tell me that duty bid?— that I should yield
■\Vlth hf-art submissive to its plain decree.
Perhaps, but yet I long for tented field.
And, like the hooded fahon, would be free.
No ballroom strain can ever pound so sweet
As the wild fanfare leading to the war;
No stately dance could give, such joy complete
As the fierce grapple on a foreign shore.
What man Is passive when his country needs
The sturdy arm, the patriotic soul—
Who would not foil aw where that banner leads
O'er land and sea- on to the final goal?
The battle drums ar? whirling past to-day,
The colors flutter in the summer air:
I -watch them sadly as they pass away—
I mourn the glory that I cannot share. *
—Louis Sverre Amonson In Philadelphia Ledger.
PLUCK OF PERKINS.
Frederick K. Perkins, a son of United
States Senator George C. Perkins, who
has been appointed an assistant paymas
ter In the- navy, is not unfamiliar with the
navy, as he was a cadet at the Naval
Academy from June 11, IS9O, to December
3, 1892. Then he was dismissed for dis
obedience of orders, which, serious as the
offense is from a military view, reflected
no discredit on the young man. It appears
that he was sent to Baltimore to an ocu
list to be treated for his eyes, and the spe
cialist had been notified of his coming,
but Perkins went to another and when he
returned to the Naval Academy refused
to explain when questioned. This consti
tuted sufficient grounds in the mind of the
superintendent. Captain Phythian. to dis
miss the youngster.
Before leaving the academy Perkins set
tled a score he had with J. J. Bryant,
a fourth class cadet, whom he charged
with having testified against him in a haz
ing case. Bryant was younger than Per
kins, but accepted the challenge to a fist
fight, which came off in an out-of-the-way
spot, witnessed by thirteen of their class
mates, and Bryant was taken to the hos
pital with a broken nose.
On the following day, when Perkins left
the academy for good, sixteen class
mates followed him to the gate, bade him
good-by and gave him a rousing cheer.
Captain Phythian looked upon this as an
insult to himself and as highly improper
and insubordinate conduct and the whole
lot was Bent on board the Santee, Isolated
from the remainder of the class; fifty de
merits were entered against each offend
ing cadet and they lost all privileges for a
couple of weeks, and the punishment on
the whole was equivalent to durance vile.
It was nine years since the Santee had
held so many prisoners, when under Su
perintendent Ramsay's Inefficient manage
ment the cadets of the second class broke
out in open rebellion on account of a gross
injustice done to one of their classmatea.
and twenty-six cadeta were sent aboard
the Santee.
Perkins left the Naval. Academy Decem
ber 4. 1592, and Bryant resigned June 13,
1894, just before examination, as he was
deficient in studies and overburdened with
demerits. Young Perklnß did not exhibit
any special proficiency as a student; h©
etood number 81 in tha fourth class of 72
members, and dropped down to number 64
In the third class of 60 at the next examin
ation. He showed, however, qualities
which are in demand Just now, and the
fact that he is to serve in the pay corps
does not shut out the opportunities to dis
tinguish himself.
THE NAMES OF SHIPS.
Nearly all the papers in the United
States have commented upon the inappro
priate names selected for the vessels
added to the navy during the past couple
of years, and the Yale and Harvard, as
the New York and Paris have been re
christened, are specially criticized. But
meaningless as these names are when ap
plied to ships there are still others se
lected apparently with no other object
than to exhibit a close reading of Feni
more Cooper's tales of the noble red man
as the latter existed in imagination, and
the jaw-breaking Indian names of Penn
sylvania and "down East" are once more
resurrected. During IS6I-65, when nearly
800 vessels were either built or purchased
for the navy, some Indian lore sharps in
the Navy Department hunted up names
which no two persons could spell alike
and new ships were handicapped with
aboriginal nomenclature. Sea-faring men
of the present day differ greatly from the
sailors of thirty odd years ago in many
respects; they are now less capricious
about the names of their ships, but it is
safe to assert that such names as Yale,
Harvard, Wompatook, Uncanoomuck,
Hist, Accomac, Menemsha, Pompey, Bru
tus, Nero and Nezinscot are not likely to
meet with more favor than the names
selected during the last war.
Admiral Porter, while in the Navy De
partment during the few months Boric
signed papers as Secretary of the
Navy, was really the autocrat of the
navy, and the Indian names of the ships
were a source of annoyance to him. He
called attention to the fact that sailors
were always prone to call ships and other
things by different names to what they
were known to landsmen; that it was a
practice which should be discouraged as
much as possible, and he gave instances
where inappropriate names gave Jack all
the encouragement to nickname ships.
The Contoocook had been transformed
to Cant-hook; Isonomia to Insomnia.
Kickapoo, a decent Indian name, was
translated into Peek-a-boo. The Amo
noosuc, he feared, would be called "I'm
no-sucker," and the Miantonomah was al
ready known as "My-aunt-don't-know
me." The monitor Suncookwas irreverent
ly nicknamed "Son-of-a-sea-cook," and
the Wissahickon was known among
sailors as the "Widow Higgins." Sassacua
became "Saucy cuss" and Yazoo was
Yahoo.
"With the object of abridging Jack's
propensity to coining nicknames. Admiral
Porter issiied general order No. 124 on
May 15, 1869, over the signature of A. E.
Boric, changing the names of seventeen
vessels, among the most notable of which
were: Ammonoosuc to lowa, Ncshansing
to Arizona, Contoocook to Albany, Pono
panoosuc to Connecticut, Pushmataha to
Cambridge and Wampanoag to Florida.
This order was followed up by another,
one month later, changing the names of
forty-one vessels, notably: Kalamazoo to
Colossus, Passaconaway to Thunderer,
Quinsigamond to Hercules, Shackamaxon
to Hecla, and the objectionable Suncook
and Yazoo to Spitfire and Tartar.
Further re-christenings were cut short
by Mr. Borle'a resignation and Robeson's
advent to the office. Porter disappeared
with Boric, and Robeson on August 10,
1869, restored most of the original names
to the vessels. The Suncook and Yazoo
came back and all the noble Roman
names given by Porter had to give way
for simple but euphonious Indian names,
which they retained to the end of their
short and inglorious careers.
Of the thirty-eight vessels mentioned in
Robeson's order of August 10, I^;9, all but
eight disappeared during his incumbency,
but they went off th« list and into the
scrap heap relieved from the incubus of
the names of Roman dignitaries and Greek
gods.
Roman history and Cooper's novels have
furnished names In the main for the pres
ent auxiliary navy, but that will not pre
vent disgruntled and irreverent seamen
from taking liberties with august names.
The Brutus, only a few weeks In the ser
vice, is already known as "the Brute,"
and Xero, Pompey and even the Harvard
and Yale are likely to receive mure ap
propriate although perhaps less elegant
names from the crews in the service.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHlCAGO— Landsman, City. The city
of Chicago was incorporated March 4, 1837.
THE OLYMPIA— A Subscriber, City.
The United States steamer Olympia is a
protected cruiser.
COAL ON OCEAN STEAMERS— P. S..
City. The largest ocean steamers burn
from 250 to 300 tons of coal In twenty-four
hours.
MAIL TO DAWSON— O. S.. CHy. The
Postofflce Department carries paokngts
through the mail that do not weigh more
than four pounds.
THE SIXTH INFANTRY— O. V., City.
Companies A, B. C, D, E, F, G and H
of the Sixth Infantry regulars were at
Tampa, Fla., June 10.
ARMY AND NAVY— E. A., City. The
strength of the principal nations of Eu
rope as to army and navy was published
in The Call. Answers to Correspondents,
June 17, 1898.
LEE MAGAZINE RlFLE— Kansas Boy,
City. The caliber of the Lee magazine
ritle used in the United States navy is
23 4. The first lot of an order of 10.000
of these weapons was delivered to the
Navy Department in September, 189 C.
THE STATES— B., City. The answer
published in this department as to the
number of States in the American Union
is the correct one. There were thirteen
original States, thirty-two have been add
ed since, making forty-five In all. A star
Is added for every State admitted. This
department is at a loss to know what kind
of an "American flag" you saw that had
forty-eight stars in the blue field. Either
you made a mistake in the count or else
you did not have an American flag before
you at the time of the count.
DUBLIN EXHIBITION— T. O. X., Oak
land, Cal. You probably refer to the In
ternational Exhibition opened by the
Prince of Wales on May 9, 18G5, and closed
on the 9th of November of that year. You
would have to write to the Mayor of Dub
lin, in which city the exposition was
held, for information as to the records.
There was also a fine art and industrial
exhibition opened in that city on June 5,
1&72; an industrial exhibition May 25, 1564;
a fine art exhibition, opened May 24, 1861;
and the Dublin Industrial Exhibition,
opened May 12, 185 i.
SURVIVAL. OF THE FITTEST— H. J.,
City. The expression "survival of the fit
test" originated with Herbert Spencer. In
one of his works, "Principles of Biology,"
he writes: "The survival of the fittest,
which I have here sought to express in
mechanical terms, is that which Mr. Dar
win has called natural selection, or the
preservation of favored races in the
struggle for life." Darwin in "The Origin
of Man" says: "The expression so often
used by Mr. Herbert Spencef of the sur
vival of the fittest is more accurate and
is Eometimes equally convenient."
THE CROSS— S. G.. City. The follow
ing is from McClintock and Strong's
Biblical, Theological and Ecclesiastical
Cyclopedia:
A common tradition assigns the perpetual
shiver o£ the aspen to the assertion that the
true cross was made of the wood. Llpsus
however (De Cruce 111-13). thinks It (the
cross) was of oak, which was strong enough
and common In Judea. Few will attach any
consequence to his other reason that the relic
appears to he oak. The legend to which he al
ludes, translated. Is:
The foot la cedar, cypress forms the shaft.
The arms are palm, the title olive bears.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION— D.
C, Vallejo, Cal.— The secretary of the
Civil Servir* Commission says that in the
matter of applications for positions un
der the civil service act "no discrimina
tion is made on account of sex, color, or
political or religious opinions." A woman
may make application for examination for
any position which she is qualified to fill.
A. Government work which gives instruc
tions to applicants for positions says that
m typewriting only women who pass at a
grade of more than 88 per cent navo any
prospect of appointment. The time for
examination in the various branches is
not the same. If you will name the
branch in which you desire to make ap
plication this department will advise you.
ENGINEER DEPARTMENT— T. F.,
City. You do not state what branch of the
engineer department of the United States
army you desire information about and it
is not within the limit of space allotted
to this department to give the require
ments of each branch. Generally the du
ties of the engineer division are the mak
ing, repairing or destroying of communi
cations, including the word communica
tions, roads, bridges, railways and tele
graph, also the preparation of positions
of attack or defense, which is the higher
duty of military engineers and where the
art of fortification must be considered
entirely in a tactical point of view.
MIXER'S INCH— A. H., California.
The figures in relation to a miner's inch
were correctly given in The Call's depart
ment of Answers to Correspondents. Th«
miner's inch is the measure for water
which is defined as "the amount of water
which will pass through an opening one
inch square under a pressure of six
inches." This unit is peculiar to th<»
Western Stati s, used not only for mining
purposes, but whenever it is desired to
measure 'he amount of water distribi:'. I
for irrigation. The average discharge
from such an opening, called a module, is
one and a half ■ per minute. Iti
thH various States from California to
Colorado there is some slight variation.
In California it is from 1.20 to 1.76 cubic
feet per minute, according to the arbi
trary definition adopted; for example, at
Smartsville an orifice four inches deep
and 250 inches long with a head seven
inches above the top edge is said to fur
nish 1000 miner's inches. In Montana a
vertical rectangle an inch deep is gener
ally used with a head of four inches and
the number of inches is said to be the
same as the number of inches in the
rectangle.
UNCLE SAM— J. R. C. 8., City. "Uncle
Sam" is a term applied to the government
of the people of the United States. It is a
Jocular extension of the initials I". S. It
is used in the same sense that John Bull
I is applied to the government of the Brit
ish peonle. The name Uncle Sam origin
ated as follows: During the war of ISI2
a man named Samuel "Wilson was Govern
ment inspector at Troy of pork and beef
purchased by the Government. The cases
containing the provisions were shipped to
the Government by Elbert Anderson, a
contractor, who had each marked with his
initials, "E. A.." and underneath were the
initials "U. S., for United States. One of
the Government workmen new at the task
I asked the meaning of U. S., and was jocu
| larly informed that it meant "Uncle Sam,"
referring to Samuel Wilson, the inspector,
who was usually called "Uncle Sam."
| This pleasantry was repeated in several
forms, and Wilson was congratulated on
the extent of his property, as many cases
passing there were sij marked. The sti ry
spread, took firm root, and to-day the al
lusion is everywhere understood.
MB. BEECHER CLEARED IT UP.
Henry Ward Beecher was once ap
proached by a young man whom wealth
had made a fool and who also was very
conceited. He considered himself very
clever, and did not hesitate to assume
a patronizing air to men infinitely hla
superiors. It was in this sort of spirit
that this young fellow met Mr. Beecher,
who knew his family.
"Do you know, Mr. P.eecher," Fai<l he,
"I've been thinking that I would settle
down, behave myself and join your
church? Now, I like your preaching; but
when I go to your church and see such
men as old S and others, grasping
skinflints and hypocrites to the core, sit
ting there in full' membership, why, the
thing is just a little too much for me.
And, really," he added, "I cannot join."
"Well, you're right," said Mr. Beecher.
"Every church ha-s such men, and I fancy
Plymouth is not free from them. And
until you spoke I have always woi
why the good Lord permitted it. Xow I
understand."
"Ah," gurgled the young fellow, draw
ing himself up; "I'm glad I have thrown
light on the question. Wfcat strikes you
as the reason, Mr. Beecher?"
"Well," replied the great preacher,
looking the young- man straight in the
eye. "it is permitted in order to keep just
such fools as you out of the churches."—
Ladies' Home Journal.
RAPID-FIRE GTJNB.
Bob — What's the matter? Has the
heiress refused you?
Dick— Well, I don't know as you could
call it a refusal exactly, but we had
hardly got seated in the parlor before she
said it was a pity that all our best men
had gone to war.— Chicago News.
Farmer Dunk— What do ye think of
Neighbor Pettibunker?
Farmer Hornbeak— Wa-al, he hides his
liglit under a bushel when in my opinion
a teacup would be plenty big enough.—
Puck.
"Professor Deepnob says a widow re
ceiving a marriage proposal always re
minds him of a cow at a railroad track."
"In what way, pray?"
"She acts as if she wouldn't go across,
but she always does."— Puck.
PEARLS OF THE PACIFIC.
The Philippine Islands are justly termed
by the Spaniards "Las Perlas del Pa
cifico." Approaching this archipelago
from north, south, east or west a stranger
is at once impressed by their luxuriance
and fertile appearance. The green fresh
ness only ceases at high tide mark.—
Auckland Weekly News.
Cai. glace fruil 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Miss Jessie Parker, the Mayor of Ken
drick, Idaho, is but 22 years old. She was
elected on the first Tuesday in April, after
a very bitter campaign.
"Old Glory." "Columbia" and "Liber
ty" papeteries, containing 24 envelopes
and 24 sheets of paper, each printed -with
American flag, 25c to 60c per box. Also
"Flag" tally cards, place cards and thou
sands of 6:4 i6 :4 i envelopes with a great big
"Star-spangled Banner" all over one end
at $2 50 per thousand. Letter-heads to
match, $3 50 per thousand. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., Printers and Stationers, 741 Mar
ket stree*. *
The Queen of Roumania plays the or
gan of the Protestant church of Ab
bazia, where she Is now staying. She is
learning to play the flute.
The Santa Fe Route will run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Arizona,
on Thursday, June 30. Noted scientists will ac
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
trip. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market at.
Dr. Biegejt's Angostura Bitters is a sure cur«
of diarrhea, dysentery, ill effects of hard
water, fevers, etc.
The Elder Matron— You shouldn't mind
the baby crying a little. It strengthens
his lungs.
The Younger Matron— Oh, no doubt; but
it weakens his father's religion so.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other broad.
pis*
fcAKp
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
ROYAL MKINQ powpin 00., ray vow*. v.-."i .LIQUOR DEALERS
ARE GENEROUS
The Red Cross Will Re
ceive Their Aid.
ARE DONATING LIBERALLY
SUBSCRIPTION LISTS ARE BEING
RAPIDLY FILLED.
Cheering Reports Being Received by
the Committee From All
tfarta of the
City.
When the subscription lists are called
!n by the retail liquor dealers It ran be
I that they will contain goner
ins from men whose hearts are
n pathy for the grand work
Of tins city are doing for Uncle
Sam's • vs. Never before has a
n blank won more signatures
; laced in the establishments of
the appetizing cocktail. In
9 have the men whose
d to the blanks met
■ tuff, i>n the contrary their en
■ in any liquor store with a blank
lr hands is as welcome as the most
customer.
So far the committee has received the
cheering news that hundreds of proprie
tors and customers have subscribed their
mimes in aid of a beneficent cause. They
know that when they affix their signa
ture to the paper, they are made a mem
ber of the Red Cross Society, an honor
enjoyed by many thousands throughout
the ate.
It is respectfully suggested by the com
mittee to those who hold these lists not
to destroy them as they are numbered
nnd must be turned over to the society.
It is also suggested that establishments
possessing such papers should not turn
money or list over to any one who can
not produce the written authority of the
society.
When the gentlemen who compose the
committee first advocated the project that
the liquor dealers lend their support to
the organization it was thought that only
a small amount would be forthcoming,
hut they are agreeably disappointed, as
the committee has been informed that
the subscriptions already amount to over
RED CROSS LADIES
DOING GRAND WORK.
Generous Citizens Are Still Aiding
Them In Carrying Out Their
Noble Duties.
Hundreds of ladles responded to the call
for assistance made by Mrs. T. S. Smith,
manager of the Red Cross supply depot,
at 10 Post street, many of whom were put
immediately to work preparing necessa
e expedition that will leave
within a few days.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the California
State Board of Trade, has received a con
signment of twenty-five boxes of fine or
anges from the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce for him to deliver to the ladies
of the Red Cross Society of this city. The
donors state that they wish the ladies to
distribute the fruit to the soldiers now in
this city and to those to arrive.
Subscriptions were received at the State
headquarters during the past three days
from the following:
O. B. Strachan, 115; Red Cross of Ala
■ s Auxiliary, $12; Woman's
Club, Wushing-ton Township, J6; Centervlll<»,
CnJBS", tnr iugh Mrs. Frank
|10; Riverside Red Cross, through Mies
M E. Hewitt, $ ; Anaheim Lodge No. 199.
I O O. F., $25; Mrs. George W. Kirkman.
balance from Benicla Red Cro6S, $S0; Red Cross
of San Francisco, JOOQO.
The sale of seats for the Verdi Concert
Company's song recital, to be held Friday
evening next in Sherman & Clay Hall,
opened at Sherman & Clay's music store,
corner of Kearny and Sutter streets, yes
terday morning. No doubt this entertain
ment will add greatly to the Red Cross
funds, as the music loving people of San
Francisco appreciate the rare opportunity
of hearing: a nigh class song recital given
by such artists as Signer Arturs Saiclnl,
the great European tenor. Miss Mac Tur
i.ison, the Philadelphia soprano, and the
well-known barytone, Mr. Louis "Weer,
and Mr. R. Fletcher Tilton of San Fran
clbco, the favorite aocompanlKt.
The following communication Is self-ex
planatory:
Mrs. T. E. Smith, Manager— My Dear
Madam: I hasten to acknowledge receipt of
v»rjr liberal and acceptable donation of
fish, this moment rcelvod. I am sure your
good people overwhelm us with kindness on ao
count of our very modest effort of last evening.
It was & pleasure for us to show our appre
ciation of the nobla work your society is now
end has been doing In the cause of humanity
and for the comfort of Uncle Sam's soldiers.
Very sincerely yours, <". McC. KKKVE,
Colonel Thirteenth Minnesota.
The employes of the Mission-street car
house, through their committee— W. K.
Bell J. Franklin, Mr. Perm, Mr. Eisen
ntoin Mr. McClintock, Charles Debonhan
and F. Tyler— besides pledging: them
•i to $50 a month, have offered to
assist In the great fair which Is under
< onteraplatlon for the benefit of the Red
Cross. _ . — _ , .
Subscriptions to the Red Cross Society
up to date have amounted to J4S.SIG 22,
wiih the following donations Included:
Subscriptions received through Mrs. J. J.
Fader (14 50: Laurel Wall Club (additional),
12 Mrs. A. B. Dlnkelsplel, $10; Mrs. Allerltz
and boyp $17; San Francisco Press Club and
urtlstn and art students, J706 70: Adams Cos
mopolitan School, $8 10; Mrs. Slgmund Stern.
$20; memberships. $29; Mrs. M. D. Brown $1:
Miss Ethel Redding, *1; Abramson, Heunlsch &
>; public schools (additional), $423 40; Bt.
J hn'» Presbyterian Church, $2 60: employes
Krcs.. $46 60; California Chapter D. A. R.
M<ldltionaJ), $1; memberships, $9; Catholio Aid
iKdditlonal subscription). No. 257, $2;
P D. Ogden, 61 Vnion Trust building, $5; em-
It. R. Bhop, Sixth and Townsend
|X 3 75.
I "..nations were received from Hotel Bella
Ylsta, Mrs. 10. B. Cutter, W. J. A-, Mrs. Al-
Mrs. Branderßtlne, Noe street Red Cross
. l>e\ Monte Milling Company, Miss Dll
llnKham of Benlcia, Mrs. R. P. Hooe. Mrs.
Mr. Morpan, Mr. Conary, Mrs. J. Ca
• .11 Mrs. Mcrgenstern, Mr« OamM". Har>i
Holmes, Miss Weber, Mrs. Gibbons, Miss Conk,
.nahas Guild. Miss A. K. Johnson, St.
I.uke's Guild. Miss J. T. Ellis. Mr. Winn, Mur
phjr rirant & Co., Mrs. Well, Ml^s Moore, Miss
v for Episcopal Old Ladles' Home, Mlsg
<ii)bs Mrs. Henderson, C. Larson, Mrs. Pease,
.'.flas Wdan, Mrs. Bird, Mrs. B. H. Jones, bos-
Dltality committee. Miss Herndon, Mrs.' A. L.
ll'.ijter und eisveral friends.
Received at State roomß two donations from
RlffKS, a large donation from Panta '^lara, Ma
fralla, Mrs. Maoomber of Annd Island, Palo
.1 Auburn.
Fresfa vegetables are badly needed. The
Bocletr win gladly eend for any donation
If word is sent to 16 Post street.
Mrs. E. W. McKinstry. head of the
State department, reports the following
donations:
SKYROCKETS WRECK A PYROTECHNIC FACTORY.
C. A. Smith Injured by an Explosion at the California Fireworks Company's Plant
at South San Francisco.
An explosion that was, fortunately, not fatally serious, occurred at the factory of the California Fireworks
Company In South San Francisco yesterday at noon. The accident took place in a shed in the yard where stars
for Roman candles were being prepared. There was only one man— C. A. Smith — engaged in this branch of the
work, and as the explosion was confined to that part of the plant he was the only sufferer. Aa a result he was
severely burned about the throat and face and on his hands and arms. Notwithstanding the rapid spread of the
flre he succeeded in escaping from the flames and was carried to a cottage near by, where be was attended by Dr.
Alfred Mclaughlin. The physician states that Smith will doubtless be badly scarred, but believes that his eyesight
has not been Injured. The sufferer was removed to his home in Bay View later in the day.
The fact that there was an explosion is not to be wondered at, considering the crude methods employed by
tho company, particularly in this department. The stars are pressed into steel molds and, instead of using the
proper machinery for such work, the jn-essure is obtained from a rusty, old-style letter-prf>ss. The foreman, in
describing the accident, attributed it to "friction," which was probably caused by some of the material getting into
the exposed threads of the screw. He further stated that Smith would not have been so badly burned had he not
returned to the shed and endeavored to extinguish the fire. The latter says, however, that he got out of the place as
fast as his legs would carry him. and that he was in no condition to return.
The fijre burned the material In the shed and spread to the yard, where a large number of fuses were being
dried. These were destroyed.
It was the good fortune of the company and employes that the fire did not extend to the buildings in which the
unfinished explosives and manufactured goods are stored. The stock ready for shipment is stacked to the roof in the
magazine and the greater part of the yard is lilled with large set pyrotechnical figures, intended for the coming
Independence day celebration. Had these storehouses been involved in the explosion the results, not only to the
employes, but to the people who reside adjoining the factory, might have proved very disastrous.
The nre, which was quickly extinguished, caused a loss of about $200.
Palo Alto. 118 pillow ticks and 12 caps; Au
burn, 12« i bandages; Btfrgs, 2S bandages.
The Catholic Truth Society has re
ceived from Vallejo ninety dozen fresh
eggs, n box <>f literature, 200 eiderdown
caps 147 emergency bandages, 144 hand
kerchiefs, 160 comfort bags, live rolls of
old linen, twelve dish toweis and in cash
$75.
Following are the names of the con
tributors to this generous gift:
Dominican Pisters, Mrs. J. Sheridan, Mrs.
McDermott, Mrs. Donnelly, Mr?. U. Fitz
rr.aurW James Brough, Joseph Brough, John
Brough Jr., Will Brough, Miss Mary Brough,
\V Ju.iee. W. Corrinn, Mrs=. James
Woods. Mrs. Holleran, MiM L. Connolly. Mrs.
X J. Hurringt..n. H. Redlnger, Mrs. K. Har
ris. Mrs. H. Nixon. Mr*. It. nunphy, Mrs. T.
Coffey Mrs. V. Kelleher, J. McCue, W. Qris
slm, O. Bergrwall, O. S. Cooper, Mr. Marshal!,
G. Fitzmaurice, J. Leonrtas, Dr. Anderson,
John Connolly, John Brownl'.e, T. L. I. N
Mrs A. Rowe. Miss W. DrfßOoll, Miss Gertie
Kean, Mrs. C. Broush, G. Kevins, T. Maguire,
John Clavo, Mrs. E. Hughes, Mrs Barrett,
Mrs. T. Lynch, Mr. Meagher. Mrs. M~K.eaxne,
J. Holmes, Mrs. J. Smith, Mrs. John Rice.
James Lane Sr., James Lane Jr.. Frank Kin
lay Mr«. Joseph Holl. Joseph Holl Br., Mrs.
Brerinan, Mrs. J. Brossmann, E. Fitzgerald,
Miss M. Fitzgerald, Mrs. V. O'Keefa, Miss
Anna Brossman, Mrs. F. \V. Trull, Mrs. Frank
Lemon. Miss Cella Tobin, F. McGettlfcan, T.
V. I'Miins, J. B. Corcoran. F. MienharJt. John
McAullffe, Ed McCauley, Jas. tlcCauley. M.-3.
J. Gorman, Mrs. James Collins, Mrs. Charles
Collins. Miss Alice WaJsh. S. Dannenbaum,
Leeve Bros., Mre. B. McNally, Miss M. Walsh.
Mrs. James Toland, Mrs. Buss. Mrs. E. Vall
mer. Mrs. H. Cunningham, Mrs. O'Neil, Miss
M. Nelson, Mrs. Brusnahan, Mrs. Richards.
Mrs Minahen, Mlfb Lucy Brennan, Mrs. C.
Hager, Joseph Harms. Mr. Dudley, Mrß. Nuts,
Mlfs Alice Cunningham, Mrs. Scanlan. Mrs.
,ly, Mrs. J. Brennan, Mrs. J. Uresnan,
Mrs. Foley. Mrs. Doolan. Mrs. J. Bradley, Mrs.
J McGee, Mrs. C. D. McCaully. Mrx. J. Dun
phy. Mrs. W. Nolan, Miss Rose Brady, Mrs.
Barm, M. J. Geary, Miss E. Brannan, Mrs.
Gallagher, Mrs. D. J. Gray. Mrs. D. Corcoran.
Mrs. M. Enright, Miss Mac Burke, Mrs. J.
Kluber, John I^eary and family, Mrs. M. G.
Perry, Miss Mary Smith.
The lowa band again most generously
appeared and played at the ferry. Mr.
Landers, the band master, told Mrs.
Lowenberg, the chairman, not to hesi
tate and send for them at any time.
Donations were received at the fprry
from the Sausallto Red Cross. Mr. Kelly,
Miss Chipman, Cross Country Club, Mr.
Kldd and Mrs. Harrison.
HELLO A BIT LOUDER.
Alterations in the Main Telephone
Building Will Necessitate
Shouting.
Those who use the telephone during the
next three or four days should shout in
stentorian tones or they will find suit
able cause for the generation of angry
passions. Owing to alterations in the of
fice of the telephone building the main
operating room is much like a boiler shop
with the din of nolßes buzzing in the ears
of the young lady operators. The tele
phone company recommends distinct ut
terance on the part of patrons.
Railroad Commissioners' Case.
Judge Bahrs will hear argument this
afternoon on a writ of prohibition, re
cently issued by Judge Belcher, prohibit
ing the Railroad Commissioners from fur
ther proceeding In the hearing of the case
against the Southern Pacific and other
corporations under the Robinson com
! plaint. It was thought that the case
would be argued yesterday, but the court
only passed upon one point relative to the
! jurisdiction of the Superior Court. He
found that the court had jurisdiction to
hear the case, and then, owing to a de
murrer filed by the Attorney General,
put the case over till this afternoon for
hearing:.
Mrs. Stenitt's Examination.
Mrs. Sterritt, for many years the com
panion of Gustav "Walter, was before
Judge Troutt yesterday at the instance of
Josephine Walter, executrix of the estate
of the late manager and proprietor of the
Orpheum. Mrs. Sterritt was examined
regarding the •whereabouts of jewels and
furniture valued at about $10,000 the exe
cutrix alleges belongs to the estate of
Gustav Walter. Mrs. Sterritt claims the
jewels and furniture by right of gift, and
another action to determine the title to
the valuable personal property will soon
be tried.
Ladles' tailor-made iuits; latest design*; w«
rive credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1898.
A CLEAN KNOCKOUT
AT THE EXCELSIORS
CHARLES TYE OF OAKLAND DE
FEATS LEAHY.
Jimmey Biley and Charles Read
Boxed Eight Good Rounds, Which
Ended in a Draw.
The Excelsior Athletic Club grave Its
first entertainment In its new hall, 1322
Howard street, last evening. The place
was crowded long before the first event
was called, and Manager Joe Kennedy
smiled happily as he glanced at the in
creased membership.
There wore several very tiresome pre
liminaries before the events of the even
ing were called. Such preliminaries should
be dispensed -with in future.
Jimmy Riley and Charles Reno, light
weight boxers, hammered each other for
eight rounds to the delight of the spec
tators. Riley had a shade the better of
the first round, but the- remaining
rounds all ended in favor of Reno. Still
Referee Stelzner declared the bout a.
draw. Riiey showed very poor Judgment
in swinging and missing. Time and again
he attempted to land a swing on Reno's
iseclc, but almost invariably he fell short
or the blow was easily ducked by Reno.
In the first round Riley staggered Reno
fcKainet tho ropes, but failing to follow up
an advantage he lost the only good op
portunity he had to win a quick fight.
The fourth round was the most exciting
of the series. Riley, angered at being
smashed with straight lefts on the nose,
d in on his opponent and some hot
give and take punishment was exchanged.
Reno manifested considerable cleverness
by ducking swings and in drawing Riley s
fire at long range. ■',««.*
It was expected that some good fight
ing would result when Jack Leahy of the
Manhattan Club and Charles Tye of tho
Reliance Club of Oakland exchanged com
pliments. Leahy looked anything but a
lighter whf-n he entered the rlngf. His
ekin was as white as chalk and his gen
eral appearance was sickly. Tye, on thw
other hand, looked every inch a fighter,
and it seemed a foregone conclusion that
Leahy waß up against a good drubbing.
In the first round Leahy held his own
fairly well, but in the second he received
a straight flush in the mouth and a right
Jolt under the chin which knocked all
the fighting ambition out of him. He fell
on the paUded carpet and was counted
out.
WILL OP JOSEPH M. WOOD.
An Estate Valued at $100,000 Be-
queathed Relatives of the
Deceased.
The will of Joseph M. Wood, the de
ceased attorney and politician, was filed
for probate yesterday. The deceased left
an estate consisting of real and personal
property valued at about $100,000. In the
will the testator directs that during the
settlement of the estate hia widow, Mrs.
Abble Wood, receive $250 a month for her
support and that his daughter, Martha W.
Wood, bo paid during the same term the
sum of $75 a month.
Following are the specific bequests: To
Mrs. Barbara Jennings, $2000; to each of
Mrs. Jennings' five children, $100; to Chas.
G. Shipman, $2000; to each of the children
of the late Alice M. Dorland, $100; to At
torney J. C. Bates, $2000; to the two sisters
and a brother, $500; to the- children of his
brothers and sisters, $100 each. To each
of his friends, F. Bowman, Joseph Blux
ome, Edward Fanning, M. H. Turrill, J.
W. Wessin, R. A. Robinson, J. V. Coffey,
Captain E. V. Grates, John D. C. Blux
ome, George J. W. Hexsen of Brooklyn,
and W. E. Greene of Alameda, $100 each;
to Harry A. Steffens, $100; to Anne A.
Norton, $15 a month until she becomes of
age, and then $2000 as a marriage portion;
to Josephine Sullivan, a former servant of
his deceased mother, $500; to Joseph
"White, $2o00; to Charles and Edward Gul
liver, $1000 each. The testator directs that
the residue of his estate be divided as fol
lows: To his widow, his daughter Martha
and his son, William C. Wood, one-fourth
eacb, and to his daughters Emily and
Minna, one-eighth each. The testator
stated that he had been twice wedded,
once in July, 1868, to Martha W. Bell, and
In January, 1898, to Abble Rose Smith, and
directs that In the event the court finds
that any other woman is his lawful widow
she shall be bequeathed $5, and a like sura
to each child not named in the will. The
last provision the testator states is for
the nole purpose of discouraging false
claimants.
Laborer Seriously injured.
C. J. Anderson, a laborer, was taken to
the Receiving Hospital last evening suf
fering from a fracture of the pelvis. An
derson was working on an embankment
on Polk Btreet, which was about fifty
feet in height. He had occasion to go to
thr> top and had almost f-nmplft^d thn a o.
cent when the bank caved and precipi
tated him to the curb beiow. rile «aa .-.out:
to the hospital.
Stabbed in the Back.
Joseph Gallagher, 1411 Polk street, was
treated at the Receiving Hospital yester
day afternoon for an incised wound in the
back. He said he was at the Lurline
Paths when he got into a dispute with
one of the attendants, and he challenged
him to go outside and fierht. The attend
ant, as Gallagher turned round, jabbed
him in the back with a penknife.
Hardtmuth's "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil
will outlast three othws. Try it. •
MINISTERS DISCUSS
RELIGIOUS TOPICS.
RESOLUTIONS OF THANKS FOR
DR. MINTON.
Interesting Papers Occupy the Atten
tion of Different Denomina
tional Representatives.
When Dr. H. C. Minton of the Presby
terian Theological Seminary at San An
eelmo concluded his essay on "Theories
of the Atonement" before the Methodist
ministers yesterday he was repaid for his
effort by the following resolution:
"We have heard the paper of Dr. H.
C. Minton with profound interest We
hereby tender to him our sincere thanks
In appreciation ami express our apprecia
tion for his presence and his presenta
tion of this able paper, and through him
we desire to convey to the Presbyterian
Union our fraternal regard."
The above resolution was passed unani
mously.
A nominating committee composed of
Rev. W. Vf. Case, Rev. F. V. Bovard
and Rev. J. H. McComber, was appointed
to choose officers to preside during the
next term and report at the next meet-
Ing.
At the Congregational ministers' meet-
Ing Dr. L. H. Kellogg read a paper on
"The New Mission of America Among
the Nations." He Indorsed annexation of
territory for humane and evangelical pur
poses. He held that the nation should
be a unit in the prosecution of matters
to legitimate and logical conclusion.
The ministers sustained the paper.
Colonel C. A. Hopkins of Boston, repre
sentative of the American Board of Mis
sions, was present, having just returned
from China. He said that the people
there are ripe for a change of govern
ment and for foreign intervention on ac
count of existing corruption.
Edwards Davis, Oakland's sensation,
appeared at the Christians' meeting
ready to go through any ceremony the
members might offer. His matter was
again referred back to the committee for
further consideration.
Dr. David James addressed the Presby
terian ministers on "Pastoral Work."
He said the care of the flock is the chief
interest of the church, together with the
gathering in of the sheep for whom the
Good Master died. Ho was in favor of
house-to-house visitations in pastoral
■work.
FOR BETTER HIGHWAYS.
Suggestions of the California Good
Roads League.
The California Good Roads League has
Just Issued a circular to the taxpaying
citizens of the various counties calling for
an increased interest in the establishment
of good roads. The circular sets forth
that sufficient money has been collected
in the past ten years to build good, per
manent roads, and on account of the in
efilciency of the officials who have chargu
of these matters good roads are rare In
this State. The committee makes the
following recommendations:
In addition to the duties of the County Sur
veyor already prescribed by this county govern
ment act relating to the County Surveyor, It
should be compulsory for this officer to locate
all roads built in his county; to inspect same
after they are completed and to reject all that
have not been constructed according to the
plans and specifications furnished by him, and
that no money shall be paid out of the county
treasury for road construction until a certifi
cate shall bo obtained from th« County Sur
veyor showing that all specifications and plans
of the County Surveyor have been fully com
plied with.
That the County Purveyor should be required
to pass an examination before the State De
partment of Highways upon road construc
tion before he can take office. Falling to pass
such an examination the Governor may then
appoint a man who will be able to pass such
an examination.
That the sprinkling question should be very
carefully studied by each county, and means
provided to sprinkle roads. It is one of the
most Important factors In obtaining a good
roßd and keeping down the repairs upon name.
That the wide tire law recently passed by
the Legislature is of such a le*al character
that It will undoubtedly be declared uncon
ptltutional. We therefore urpe thnt a new law
be prepared that will meet the rpqulrements.
Donegal Club's Picnic.
The regular meeting of the Donegal So
cial Club was held last evening at Its
headquarters In the Columbian building,
and after the transaction of routine busi
ness the following officers were elected
for the ensuing term: James C. Breslln.
president (re-elected) : Charles S. Qufg
ley, secretary: Frank Mulloy, treasurer
(re-elected, fourth term) : Bernard O'Brien,
vice-president.
Upon a vote it was unanimously decided
to give the eleventh annual picnic of the
club at Wlldwood Glen, Sausalito, on Sun
day, July 31, next. The committee of ar
rangements for the management of the
affair was chosen as follows: p. B. Gal
lagher, Jeremiah Toomey, M. A. Mogan,
Michael 11. McDavitt, Andrew T. Meehan,
D. W. McNeill and F. T. Nolan.
The club is very large and the oldest
Irish social organization on the Paoino
Coast, its birth dating back to June, ISB7.
Its picnics have been the largest that
have gone out of the city from year to
year since that time. Hence a gTand
time is expected.
Citizen's Republican Party.
The county committee of the Citizen's
Republican party met last night and ad
journed until next Monday evening after
passing resolutions in respect to the mem
ory of the late Senator J. H. Mahoney.
AMONG THE
PLAYHOUSES
"Aristocracy" Draws a
Handsome House.
THE QRPHEUM'S FINE BILL
"CELEBRATED CASE" STILL FILLS
THE ALCAZAR.
Plenty of Real Fun in "Ali Baba"
and a Good Performance
Is Given at
Morosco's
The Frawley company presented "Aris
tocracy" to a good house at the Columbia
last night and gave a smooth and pleasing
performance. However, despite the clever
work done and the painstaking efforts of
the entire company to please, the audi
ence was for some reason quite cold, and
failed to respond to the striking climaxes
in a manner suited to the merits of the
production.
All the principal parts were well ren
dered and the play throughout was cal
culated to please the admirers of high
class comedy drama. Bronson Howard
has made the lines extremely bright and
the points are clean-cut and unmistakable.
"Aristocracy" is a keen satire upon that
class of Americans who worship anything
In human shape that has the good or bad
fortune to be born with a title, and the
application is made so plain that even
those of the dullest comprehension can
appreciate it.
In the character of Jefferson Stockton
Mr. Roberts gives us a fine representation
of a big-hearted, honest,, typical Culifor
nian, whose sole desir* is to make his
young wife happy. Miss Bouton, as the
wife, improves with acquaintance, her
conception of the ambitious but weak wo
man being very creditable. She is a pret
ty woman and dresses the part to perfec
tion. Miss Cora Tinnle, in the character
of the impulsive, unconventional Califor
nia girl, who is not overawed by dukes
or princes, made rapid progress in popu
larity by her clever efforts, and promises
to become a prime favorite. Mr. Sam.
Edwards' English butler was up to his
good standard of genuine comedy. Aside
from an occasional dropping of accent,
Mr. Alfred Hickman as the dudish French
Due was really amusing, while Mr. John
T. Burke and the part of the impecunious
English Marquis in search of a rich bride
presented an admirable character. The
titled villain, as portrayed by Mr. Bell,
showed him to better advantage than his
work of last week, but he could improve
upon it by eliminating some of his abrupt
ness in the speaking of his lines. The
other parts were well taken and the per
formance as a whole deserves a successful
week.
The Orpheum.
The new attractions this week at the
Orpheum are the best that have been
seen here for some time. Tim' Murphy, in
his character sketches representing Henry
Irving in the dream scene from "The
Bells," gave a finished and thoroughly
artistic performance. His imitations of
Joseph Jefferson, Sol Smith Russell, Stu
art Rohson and other well-known actors
were lifelike and captured the audience.
He will be a big drawing card. The two
Judges performed some startling and
really dangerous feats of equilibrium, ren
dered all the more exciting from the fact
that the younger In doing a very dim
cult turn lost his balance and fell, but
was saved from injury by his agility and
that of his partner. The Four Cohans-
Josephine, Helen, George M. and Jerry
presented a charming character sketch
with some burlesque high kicking that
displayed a bewildering maze of lingerie
ana silk ribbons. They are a very clever
quartet and received several flattering re
calls. Their dancing and acting are fresh
and crisp, without being too boisterous
or verging on horse play.
The favorites of last week show up in
some new acts and were heartily wel
DEATH IN A MORPHINE NEEDLE
WALTER C. FENDERSON, a Newspaper Man,
Who Accidentally Poisoned Himself.
Walter C. Fenderson, a newspaper reporter, accidentally killed himself yes
terday afternoon at the Occidental Hotel hy taking an overdose of morphine.
The deceased came to the hotel last Saturday evening on business connected with
the Stockton and Tuolumne Railroad, of which corporation he had been recently
appointed press agent, with headquarters at Sonora. He had been in the habit
of using the drug, and at about 3 o'clock he went to his room and injected a
quantity'of morphine in his arm.
He was found shortly afterward by his wife in an unconscious condition and
medical aid was at once obtained, but the poison had been absorbed into the
system and the unfortunate man died In about twenty minutes after he was dis
covered.
The last work done by Fenderson on a city newspaper was the Federal detail
for an evening daily.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44444- + + 4444444444 44 4444444444444444 4-4-
I CONTAGIOUS^ :
: i—i«iBLOOP POISON:
1 PERMANENTLY CURED. I
4- 4-
+ CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON. WHICH MAT BE EITHER CONTRACTED OR 4.
4. Is more dreadful than any other disease with which a human being has _^_
T ever been afflicted. It may lay dormant for years after It once appears on the skin,
but it is only a question of time when it will embarrass and destroy its unfortunate "^
"*" victim unless properly treated. Dr. Meyers & Co. cure the most malignant form of 4
4- blood poison at any stage, primary, secondary or tertiary, contracted or inherited. -f
4- They drive it forever from the system by their own secret formula and without the use 4
+ of mercury, lodides or other deadly drugs or minerals. This disease has been 4.
X checked and driven ; from the . surface by ordinary doctors, but it Is sure to return,
T and has never been . permanently [ cured y'J*i ■: _.
"*" until physicians of Dr. Meyers & Co.'s r mQ.-j_ a
"♦• great medical institution for the cure of -Jt^~ = '^"^^ r '*^. • "*"
4- all diseases and "weaknesses of men made V ,.--'^\sJ3 . "♦"
+ their wonderful discovery. J!gj|iggg|^>S^p> +
.4- NO PAY TILL CURED. 1181; Hi "*"
4 Dr Meyers & Co. have such faith in the *H^ t»
-4- virtues of their remedies and methods that <§§&'-■' tgf -*■
~ they- do not ask for money ' until the (gß& i ' f . *.JLJL?.
4 patient is cured. fT^ J^JEI
♦ CONSULTATION FREE. (fVI J^SjjnpWJ >'
I" Also symptom blanks and private book if A ' V& r>*ii< . \^i +
4" for men. Thousands cured at home. Cor- ,i \ 1& \^l
>■ . SSpondence solicited.. All letters conn- n^ / \J|(^V i '^■^1 -\ "*"
DR. MEYERS & CO., yMMs^fl" " +
4- Established 17 Tears, $#zMI l '"'MM '^> *
4 Specialists for Men of the English and K^WK jfl«#}f t
4 German Expert Specialists, Wsss^},\ V^^
"*" 731 ifIfIRKET STREET, T^Ns^^-^^^'S
"*" . SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.  // '?Jl i^- «^^- .^
\*l. 4.4-4.4-4-4-444444>4^^-f> 4^4>^^4444 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
friiirs Man Veietalile, Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have uaed them for ; ov«r forty years to, cum
&£ HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, ■ Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. i Pimple*
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Spcific Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to buslne»n. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggtat for 1C
Price. $1 a bottle.
comed, notably Albertus and Bartram,
the clover jugglers with Indian clubs, one
of the best and neatest things of the kind
ever seen on the stage. Carlin and Clark,
the German comedian?, are as funny as
ever. The Sa Vans, Fanny Wentworth. |
Katie Rooney and Wills and Loretto were
as acceptable as they were last week.
The Tivoli.
In "All Baba" the Tivoli has a bur
lesque that should fill the opera house for
weeks to come. It is bright and catchy
and some of the songs will be hummed
and whistled on the streets ere long. In |
particular Edwin Stevens' "Her Brilliant i
Bright Red Hair." with its refrain, be- j
ginning "Fire: Fire: Fire!" Is sure to be I
popular.
The burlesque follows the old Arabian!
Nights story pretty closely, and the open- i
ing act depicts AH Baba's good luck. In
the second act CassinVs ill-luck is told I
and the audience is introduced into the i
cavern of the forty thieves, while the
third act deals with their extermination :
and the last with the feast of the lan
terns.
As All Baba, the poor woodcutter, John '■
.1. RaiTael was good, and as Zlzi. the lieu- :
tenant of the forty thieves, Phil Bran- i
son won the favor nf the house. Louise
Royce. as Morgiana, the faithful -
gi'-l of All Baba. and Zoheide, Oassim's
wife, one of the modern kind, and she ot
thy brilliant bright red hair were very
ye, but Edwin Stevens as Absalom
Abraham, a rich merchant, carried off the
honors. "All Baba" was well staged anu
well played, and the more often it is seeii
the more it will be appreciated.
The Alcazar.
The second week of "A Celebrated j
Case" at the Alcazar Theater began last I
evening and the attendance showed that
the people enjoy an evening with Lewis j
Morrison and the stock company. A !
hearty welcome was accorded to Morri-
Bon. Miss Florence Roberts and Miss Ger- I
trude Foster, and the efforts of Mis. F. I
M. Hates and "Wallace Shew to throw a. j
little pleasantry into the melodrama were
appreciated. YVhon the "Celebrated Case" I
goes off the boards at the end of this
week Morrison will present a tribute to I
our boys In blue in "The Nation's !><•- j
fenders," supported by the entire com
pany and 100 people. The now play Is said
to bo replete with incidents of the pr< s
ent war, localized by George Foster Platt.
Great preparation Is being made to have
the piece meet with popular approval.
At the Grand Opera House.
"After Dark," the famous melodrama
by Dion Boucicauk, was presented at the i
Grand Opera-house last night with all its !
sensational and thrilling features, includ- !
ing the attempted murder scenes off Lon- |
don Bridge and the underground railroad
tunnel. The audience at times went wild
with delight. George P. Webster has been
seen to better advantage than as "Old \
Tom," the boatman, but his support was
admirable. Fred J. Butler did a splendid j
piece of character work as Dicey Morris,
the keeper of the gambling house, and i
Chandos Bellingham, his partner in vil
lainy, as portrayed by Landers Stevens,
left nothing to be desired. H. Percy Mel
don as Gordon Chumley, the retired Cap
tain of Dragoons, who foiled the villains,
was very effective and gentlemanly, and
Mortimer Snow pleased his admirers as
Sir George Medhurst. Maud Edna Hall,
Lorena Atwood and Julia Blanc per
formed their respective parts with their
usual judgment and cleverness. The play
should have crowded houses during the
week.
At the Chutes.
The bill at the Chutes Free Theater was
new and every number made a hit. Al
mont and Duraont, musical artists, re
duplicated their Orpheum success; Jack
lin and Grodgens, descriptive vocalists,
sang war songs, and Marion and Lynton,
grotesque comedians, kept the audience
in a roar. Little Claire Fex, a petite and !
clever singer and dancer, and Walter and
Lola Leon, trapeze performers, were well ■
received. The moving war pictures are a
great feature at the Chutes, and the
scenes depicting the departure of the
Peking, laden with troops, and the flag
ship New York, were greeted with cheers, i
Henri Maurice Cannon, the Swiss Gl3
pounder, is as popular as ever.
Fined for Contempt of Court.
Behrend Joost was fined $25 for con
tempt of court by Judge Belcher yester
day. In a recent suit for possession of
land on the Corbett road, on which there !
is a quarry, between Joost and A. B. '
Spreckels, the court rendered judgment j
against Joost. Joost, nevertheless, re- ;
tamed possession until driven away by
the Sheriff, when the force of the rigrht
ful owner began operations. Joost then
appeared and destroyed the tracks used
in removing stone from the quarry. Joost
was then cited for contempt.
• '"^L WONG WOO,
P l^. CHINESE TEA AND HERB
. R^ 0 SANITARIUM, .
tcr^jL 761-66 CLAY ST., San r»ncis:o,Oil
'^^n|ujw« Ail diseases cured exclusive-
*FJrt^Ji :: mX^ ly by Chinese herbs, over SOOO
fffrjf'ijji'X* . varieties being used. ADVICH
FREE. Hours, D:3O toU». m.. Ito 3 and 7to
» p. m.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY POBLIO AND ATTORNBY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 101&. Claus Spreckel» Bldg.
Telephone Brown 911.
Renldence, S2l California street. below
Powell Ban ■sVancUco-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
88 82 t2 S3 2S SS SS S2 ti 83 Zi 12 ?2 II '82 S3 SS S3
o# .!—»■.■ .^-. •-;,•■ ■ ;; cm-
| The Big Store in the " Mission, «
« SS
1 Solid Comfort, i
SS
oj Is only to be found In the right ~
*• place. This youngster has found it.
o * l Isn't it true that chairs give half •*
*^ the comfort of life? Easy chairs 25
H help to make life easy and pleas- 23
*° ant and are needful for the infirm 25
** and aged. Our Reed Chairs touch 23
*> the ideal limit of supreme ease and 88
•3 repose. An uncomfortable seat is gf
88 as tiresome as standing. Such J»
•8 chairs as ours turn labor into rest J3
SS and make one wonder how the old- gs
58 time back-breakers were tolerated 55
S3 so long. n,
13 ' «
SS FREE! g
05 That Money-Saving Book, a
25 Our 150-Page Catalogue. C?
88 Send Foi* It. &
23 I 25
8! _ _ "™ "— ' 88
23 / —
I PATTOSIEN'S, I
23 In 3 I UwlLti Ot 23
88 Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets, a
SS SS
'. »i % 82 n r. r* & ?; 88 88 88 £ *s a 88 .* a
ELECTRIC BELTS
Are good things >**%cdc? :r ' " properly
made, but some ' /fV^v of the things
which are sold . /I.' as "electric
belts" at high prices by un-
principled quacks are worthless. If you want
a good belt, one to last a reasonable length of
time, and fill you with Electricity from the
soles of your feet to the top of your head, you
MUST have "Dr. Pierce'?," for It Is the BEST
and is warranted to be exactly as represented.
TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill
this entire newspaper. Send 2c in stamps for
our Free Book No. 2. It gives price list and
tells all about It. Be sure you BUY NO BELT
TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES . Address or
call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Pop. Palace Hotjl, San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter. Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
\ MATINEES— SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
And All the Week. :
MONDAY, JUNE 20TH.
LAST WEEK OF „'
.■.'. GEORGE P. WEBSTER.*.*.
In Dion Boucicaulfs Great Melodrama
AFTER DARK!
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY— SUPERB CAST.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND WEEK OF THE
FRAU/LEYCOMPANY
Artistic Presentation of the Comedy-Drama
ARISTOCRACY!
By Bronson Howard, Author of "Shenandoah,"
"The Henrietta," etc.
An American Play by an American Author.
Next Monday — General King's "FORT
FRAYNE."
BALDWIN THEATER.
SUCCESS INCREASING DAILY.
The Novelty of the Decade,
"THE PASSION PLAY."'
Two Performances Daily, 3 and S:3O. Admis-
sion, With Seats— Adults. 25c; Children. 15c.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 20.
MR. TIM MURPHY, Impersonations.
THE FOUR COHANS, "Money to Burn."
THE GREAT JUDGES. Acrobatic Equili-
brists.
FANNY WENTWORTH, Society Entertainer.
Last Week of the Following Artists: CARLIX
6 CLARK, SA VANS, KATIE ROONEY.
WILLS & LORETTO and ALBURTUS &
BARTRUM. ' _ _
Reserved Seats, 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. . '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager.
TO-NIGHT.
Production Par Excellence.
. A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
ALI BABA
OR
CASSIM AND THE 40 THIEVES.
GREAT CAST!
Lovely Scenery Beautiful Costumes!
Graceful Dances! Entrancing Specialties!
Sparkling Music!
Bright! Breezy! Brilliant!
Popular Prices 25 and 500
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR seat b n y c.
r\l-^\^r^z^r\£\, main 254.
LAST WEEK OF
THE CELEBRATED CASE!
LEW/IS MORRISON
Am Count de Mornay. FLORANCE ROBERTS
as Valentine de Mornay. ■
Prices ......:..... 15c, 25c. 35c. ROc
Next Week— LEWIS MORRlSON— "Frederick
The Great."
THS ONLY RIVAL OF ASTOR'S 3ATTERT !
HENRI MAURICE CANNON
EVERY AFTERNOON t AND EVENING.
AT THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance In the
FREE THEATER.
SEE THE FLAGSHIP "NEW YORK."
A MEXICAN IGUANA JUST ADDED TO
THE ZOO.
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children. 80.
Of VMDT A I Corner of Mt»on *ni
UL * iU fl A . I Eddy StiMti. „
A NEW SUPERB BILL OF NOVELTIES.
DE BOE, the "Upside-Down Man"; LA ROT
SISTERS, MAUDE ROCKWELL, ' ENYVELL,
I MONT, WILLIAMS, GAMBOL and BIO-
GRAPH, With War Scenes. Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday. ■'.-.■ ' ' ..■ ■■
SUTRO BATHS.
' OPEN NIGHTS,
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. ,\
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN
. Batbmg. with admission. 25c; children. 20c, •
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat and Barley declined.
Flour marked down.
New Hay lower. Old steady.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Oats. Corn and Rye neglected.
Beans and Seeds unchanged. .
Coffee dull and weak.
Potatoes firm and Onions weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs slow.
A car of Eastern Poultry received.
Peaches and Plums steady. Apricots weaker.
Dried Apricots offering.
Raisins dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides show some changes.
Pork very firm.
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments of freight from Northern
and Central California via Southern Pacific
lines in May were 05.699 tons, as follows: From
Pan Francisco, 22.310; Oakland, 15,341; San Jose,
Btockton, fi:>'i3; Sacramento and East, 9573;
Marysville. UO7.
The leading items wore: 421 tons Beans, US7
(J Boras, 55.750 gallons Brandy, 1,042.750 do
Wine, 1462 trii* Canned <". Is. 1290 do Decid
uous Fruits. 22M do Dried Fruits, IS do '"itrus
Fruits. 21 do Hay. 302 do Hi.ies. 377 do leather,
1 do Honey, 63 do Hops, 14 do Nuts, 1241 do
Raisins, 67 do Potatoes, 361 do Vegetables, 504
do Powder. 24 do Quicksilver, 319 do Wool. 85
do Coffee, 12.080 do Sugar. 540 do Tea, IS2 do
Rice, 206 do Canned Salmon and 13 do Pickled
Salmon.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN' FRANCISCO. June 20. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Fresno, 94; Los Angeles. 78; Red Bluff. 92;
Independence, i*o; San Diego, 64; Sacramento,
88; San Luis Obispo, 74; Yuma, 102.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, G6;
minimum, 02; mean, 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure is tailing slowly over the Pa
cific Slope. An extensive low area lies over
the upper Missouri Valley ;m.i reaches south
■wari and westward to Utah »r.d Arizona.
The temperature his fallen overlldaho. Utah
and Arizona. It has risen over Northern Ne
vada. Along the ' ;t h.is remain
ed nearly stationary. The temperatures In the
great valleys ol California are from S to 10
degrees above the normal. Rain has fallen In
liglit amounts over Washington and Montana.
a maximum wli >i velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the southwest is reported at Spo
kane.
forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours. erxiin.T midnight, June 21. 1898:
Northern • esday; lisht fog
in the morning along the coast; northerly winds
inlan-1; frtsli westerly winds on the coast.
Bouthern California— Fair Tuesday; warmer
in extreme southern portion; fresh westerly
■winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; warmer in western
portion.
S.i:i Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 p. m. Clear; wind n irthweat, 24 miles per
hour; temperature, 70: maximum. 74.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 20. — Close: Money on call.
11. \'- 2 per cent; last loan, \\ per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3<(('4 per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
• *■■ 85%©4 >.'\ for demand and at ik S5
for sixty <iaya. Posted rates. $4 Bi>i4 8"-% and
$4 86%@4 87. commercial bills, $4 M. Silver
certi!'. 59c. Bar silver. 58% c Mexi
can dollars. 40% c. Government bonds, irreg
ular. State bonds, -lull. Railroad bonds, firm.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June Stock values gener- j
ally appreciated in value to-day to the extent
of important fractions in the standard shares
•while the Improvement was considerably great- '
er in some of the specialties. At the opening
the bears attempted to repeat their successes ;
of last week and In the first quarter of an hour
brought about- recessions in the prices of some :
leading specialties, but the railways showed
resistance to the selling movement. ' The early
weakness of wheat and a rather featureless
tone of London gave no decided lead to the !
market and then the anticipated announce- i
ment of the arrival of the American army at i
Santiago and Manila was not forthcoming. The
earnings for the railways for the second week
of June generally showed increases. There was j
evidence of heavy purchases by houses repre- !
senting substantial interests, which quickly
steadied the market and eventually brought
about advances well above Saturday's clos-
Ing. although realizations at times retarded '■
the improving tendency. Covering in the
Grangers was partially attributed to the clear !
weather over much of th- crop area. The ris- '
ing movement in stocks was partly credited ]
to the Inability of the bear faction to bring i
about liquidation, and the closing was strong. ;
The bond market was very dull and opera
tions were largely centered in the speculative i
issues. Fluctuations during the forenoon were ■,
Slightly lower, but the market subsequently ;
gained strength and closed very firm. Quota- '
tions for Government securities were unchanged
for most issues, but old 4s registered were con- 1
spicuous for an Improvement of %, while the
old 4s coupon lost Vi in the bid price.
The total salts of stocks to-day were 274,200 I
shares, including: 11,300 Atchison preferred. !
60000 Baltimore and Ohio, 4100 C. &. 0.. 24 100
Burlington. 3700 C., C, C. & St. L.. 7700 Louis
ville and Nashville, 6600 Manhattan, 12.500 Me
tropolitan Street Railway, 3900 Northern Pa-- ;
ciflc, 8900 do preferred, 9000 Rock Island, 17,200 :
St. Paul, SGOO American Spirits, 39,400 American !
Tobacco, 3?00 Chicago Great Western, 85,000
People's Gas, 33,700 American Sugar, 6700 Rub
ber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ...„ 13 St I' & Om 75
Do prefd 32% Do prefd 14!) !
Baltimore & Ohio 20 Bo Pacific 18% '
Canada Pacific .. &;:% So Hallway 8%
Canada Southern. 61 Do prefd 2.' 7 ii
Central Pacific .. 13% Texas & Pacific. 11% i
Chew & Ohio 22% Union Pac prefd. 69
(hi & Alton 168 UPD &vi . 7%
Chi B & Q '«-■*■ Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 60% i),, prefd 19
C C C 4 St L.... 41% Wheel & L E 1%
Do prefd 88 j Do prefd 11
Del & Hudson.... 107 | Express Companies-
Del L & W 154 Adams Ex 100 I
Den & X <: 12%! American Ex .... 127 '
Do prefd 60S -united States .... 40 I
Erie (new) 13% Wells Fargo 120
Do" Ist prefd.... 35% Miscellaneous—
Fort Wayne 16S A Cot Oil 20
Gt Nor prefd 177 Do prefd, 73% ■
Hocking Valley... 6% Anm Snirits 13% !
Illinois Central .. 103% Do prefd .... 36 i
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Am Tobacco 115%
Do prefd 71 Do prefd 119 <
Lake Shore 18:>% People's Gas ..... 97% ,
Louis & Nash 02% Cons Gas 196 i
Manhattan L .. 104% Com Cable C 0.... 170 j
Met St R- 162 Col F & Iron 21
Mich Central.'. 104 Do prefd . flO '
Minn & St L 27% ,-,,, Electric ..... 37%
Do Ist prefd.... 90 Illinois Steel BC%
Mo Pacific 34% Laclede Gas 45%
Mobile & 0hi0... 23 i,. n,i 34
Mo X & T 11', 7 to prefd 106%
Do prefd 33H Nat Lin Oil is-
Chi Ind A L..... !»% Or Imp Co tr.... 29%
Dojprefd 30 Pacific Mail 28%
N J Central M Pullman Palace... ;•;■..
N V central 116% Silver Certificates 58%
N V Chi & St L. 13 Stand I: & T 6
Do Ist prefd.... 63 Sugar .•... 132%
Do Id prefd«.. 30 Do prefd 112%
Nor West 14 T C & Iron.. 23%
No Amer Co .... 06 US LeaUer ..... 7'i
No Pacific 28% r>o m-efd 65
Do prefd <v»i r S Rubber 23 7 <,
Ontario & W 15 Do prefd ... .. $31,4
Or P. & Nay 50% West Union WU
Or Short Line.... 2- t,..i & x W 125%
Ptttsburg 1«S Do prefd 171
Rending 1!»% st L & S W 514
Do Ist m-efd — 45 Dr prefd 11%
Rock Inland 106% R O W , 26
St Louis & S P.. 7*4 1 Do or»fd . 64
Do Ist prefd.... BJ%l7h] r, W " 14%
Do 2d prefd.... 2!i%:ftm- Com Co .. 2"!
St Paul 9!)%; Union Pacific ..".. 21%
Do prefd 148% Brooklyn R T.... 60%
St P M & M 141 I "
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 123 N Carolina 65.... 125
• Do coup 125 Do 4s 104%
U S 4s 109% No Pac lets 115%
Do coup 11l Do 3b Cl%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4b ... „ 97*.
0 S 5s reg 112% N V C & St L 4b. 104%
Do .in coup .... 112% Nor & W f;s 120
District 3.63s llu£ Northwstrn cons. 140
Aln class A 110 Do deb 5s 116%
Do B K." O Nay Ists 114
Do C 90 O Nay 4a 95
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr ]?«%
Atchison 4s ...... f12% O S Line Gb tr... 107
Do ad« ** 6.'.% O Imp Ists tr.... 114
Can So Ms 10S% Do Gs tr CO
Chi Term 4s S6 Pacific 6s tr i 5... 101%
C & Ohio r,s 114 Reading 4s ....... 85%
C .11 & D 4%5..... 104% ROW 15t5....... 88
D & R G Ists 106% Ft L fir I M C Ea. 94%
D & R O 4s 94% c t L, & S F G 6s 120%
Eaet-Tenn lsts... 107%|St.P Con .... 145
.-Brie Gen 45....... 71* St P O & P ists.. 120%
FW & D Ists tr. 72% Do r,« 117
Gen Elec 6s ...103 So Ry Es 94%
G H & S A 80.... 105- Ptand RAT 67
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 35.. 91
H & T C 65....... 109 T Pac 1., G Ists... 100%
Do con. 69. .105 Dn Rjr 2d5..V... .^%
lowa C Ist*. .101 Union Pac 4s 97
•La new cons 45.. 100 r- PDft G Ists.. 61%
L& ■ Urn 45.... MVi Wab Ist 5s 101 ■
Missouri fis . 100 Do 2ds R4%
M X & T 2dß . 63V, W Shore 4a .-ifl^Vi
Do 4s ....87% Vn Centuries 71%
,N Central lsts. 119 Do deferred .... r,%.
M J C 65........... 114 M: - r> nrofd r.9 ; ;
MINING STOCKS. '
Chollar ........... 03 Ontario 260
Crown Point ....... 05 Ophir .......:..... 20
Con Cal A Va.... 34 Plymouth 12;
Dead wood ...;.... 30; Quicksilver ....... 100
Gould & Carry... -OS Do prefd ........ 200
' Hale & Norcross. 65. Sierra Nevada.... 50
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 GO
[ron Silver 60 L'nlon Con X 2
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket 16
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 20.— Atchison, 13; Bell Tele
phone. 271; Burlington. 104*4, ; Mexican Central,
4%; Oregon Short Line, 29.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
niHrki'ts here remain lifeless and dull. The an
nouncement of no English naval maneuvers
this summer was used as a small bear point.
Americans opened steady, but gave way <m
New York selling. Baltimore and Ohio was
lower, although the preliminary outline of the
reorganization scheme was well received. I
am told that the syndicate is already much
>\er-sulisci Ibed.
1 <\ i"'sitlon to the general dullness here to
day was the strength of Bm>.ils and Spanish
4s. The latter were heavily bought from Paris,
where it is urged that Spain cannot be spend
ing much more than she did over the Cuban
insurrection. There was a further fall In
Brazilian exchange to 7d. Spain is again buy
ing silver heavily.
Canadian Pacific, 85H: Grand Trunk, 8. Bar
silver. 27\,,] per ounce. Money, V<il per cent.
Spanish 4« closed at :'.:'«. a net gain of "*.
PARIS. June 20.— Spanish 4s closed at 24 0-16,
a net grain of 13-16.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June FLOUR— Receipts,
17,000; exports. 29,541. Market declined, but af
terward steadied up with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 203,500 bushels; exports,
31,892 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red. 83c f. o. b.
afloat. Options had a weak opening and sold
oft further in answer to de moral cable news
and bearish weather. Later the short Interest,
a large outside buying, covered rigorously and
provoked a late rally ™-hioh closed the market
rirm at "so advance over Saturday's curb, but
I(fj2%c off from the, regular close. No. 2 red
July. 7." 1 .4i7M-;c. closed 77^c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— With the exception of the lead de
partment, which ruled strong, the metal mar
ket shows apathy and general absence of feat
ure.
PIG IRON— Warrants closed dull with $6 50
bid and $6 65 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Very dull, with $11 75 bid
and $12 asked.
TlN— Quiet, with $15 10 bid and $15 20 aslced.
SPELTER— NominaI, with 55 bid and $5 25
asked.
LEAD— Strong, with 53 45 bid and $4 asked.
The firm that fixes the settling price for miners
and smelters quotes lead, $3 70.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, 5 points net I
lower. Sales, 14,250 bags, Including: Jul~ $5 65. ;
Spot Coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 6V.c; No.
7 Jobbing. 6%c. Mild, slow; Cordova, S>.£@lsVic.
SUGAR— Raw, Inactive; fair refining, 3^c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c. Refined, quiet,
i%c.
BUTTER— 14,145 packages. Steady; !
Western creamery, 13>£<gl7c; Elgins, 17c; fac
tory 12©1! V .
EGOS Receipts. 9700. Steady: Western, 11%
@12c; Southern. 10»"^llc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, June 20.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples quiet; other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. V4%c per
lb; prime wire tray. 9^(9Uc; wood dried prime,
S%c; choice. !%o; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4'ii'SVic per Ib as to size and qual
ity.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%@10c; Moorpark, 10<8>
12c.
PEACHES— Unpee'.ed, s@oc; peeled. 12© 15c
per pound.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 80.— Unfounded rumors that
some one in the grain business in the North
west was In trouble, the clear weather and the
demoralized foreign markets started wheat
weak. For about fifteen minutes a sufficient
number of shorts were Induced to cover to keep
: the price within the limits of the opening
range. But reports of harvest operations be- j
I ing resumed where they have been interrupted |
by rains and every indication of a gigantic
crop, together with the extreme difficulty of !
i marketing It abroad caused a quick break.
; July, which sold at the close Saturday at 72V- I
bid, declined to 70c. September lost l%c, »ell
1 ing at 66% c and December sold off l%c at ]
i 06% c. Within an hour, however, the senti- ;
ment showed a change. The market here paid
no further attention to bearish news, as shorts :
were evidently impressed with an idea that the
price had already declined sufficiently. On that
theory and an emphatic denial from the North
west of all the rumors that had been current
early, together with the development of a good
cash demand, shorts bought quite freely and
kept the price rising until the early loss was
more than recovered. Liverpool started at 2-.d
decline for July and IVI each for September
and December, and subsequent quotations from
there came lower and lower until the final
report, which showed July %d lower for the
day and the later deliveries 3d lower. July
! closed with a loss of V,£ and September left off
• with an advance of %#%c.
The Improvement in the weather had a weak
: ening influence on corn at the opening. Later
' it recovered all the early decline and %c more
on Important buying by shorts. July closed
j %c higher.
Favorable crop reports and weather forecast
; created a weak feeling in oats at the start.
■ Later, however, the loss was all recovered on
! general buying and the advance In corn. July
' closed %c higher.
The buying of provisions was much better
; than the selling; prices, after yielding a little 1
1 early, recovered sharply. Pork gained 23c, lard
i 7<*c and ribs 10?.
1 The leading futures ranged as follows:
I Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
; Wheat No. 2—
I June 78 75 73 78
; July 71% 73 70 72
I September 67% 67% 65% 67%
! December 6S 68% 66% 67%
Corn No.. 2— ;
June 31% KH 31% 32%
July 32 32% 31% 32%
j September :. 32% 33% 32% 33%
■ July . No. 2— 23% 24% 23% 24%
July 23*; U% 23V S 244
September 20% 21% 20% 21%
Mesi Pork, per bbl--
July 9 57% 9 82% 965 9SO
i September 9 70. 10 00 9 70 9 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 570 5 82% 570 580
: September 5 82% 5 92% 5 82% 590
.Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 5 40 5 55 5 40 5 55.
; September 550 6 62% 650 6 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, ir
regular; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 6S@7oc: No. 3
Spring Wheat, 64<&74c: No. 2 Red, 76% c; No. 2
Corn, 32<g'32Vic: No. 2 Oats, 25% c; No. 2 White,
2S@2R%c; No. 3 Wh'.te. 27c; No. 2 Rye, 41c. No.
2 "Barley, Sl®»sc; No. 1 Flax Seed. Jl 10%<3>
1 11%: Prime Timothy Seed, $2 CO; Mess Pork,
per bbl, 59 5009 85; Lerd. per 100 lbs, $5 72%®
5 80: Short Ribs, sides (loose), $6 4095 70; Dry
Salted Shoulders (boxed), 4%@3c; Short Clear
Sides (boxed), »5 75ffi6.
i Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, bbls 7,100 4.700
i Wheat, bu 4,900 39,200
Corn, bu 320.701 740.C0')
Oats, bu 222. 241,500
, Rye, bu ....; 2,100
I Barley, bu 6,200 2,700
I On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
! market was firm; Creameries, 14@16c; Dairies,
11%@13%c; Eggs, firm: fresh, 10c.
WHEAT MOVEMBNTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 35.340 21.750
Duluth . 18,881 . 282,344
; Milwaukee 7.150 . . 630
Chicago 4.900 39,220
Toledo • 12,216 ' ui.OOO
St. Louis -
Detroit 6,006 3.485
Kansas City 9,000 11,000
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 10,595
New York 31.832 203,500
Philadelphia 16,040
i P.-.ltlmore 5,522 81,950
New Orleans .'. 40.010 -
Galveston ' 2.200 .......
- Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 57 50 46 35
Closing 57 60 44 40
Flour — .
Opening '. ....... 25 50 212*
Closing ...25 25 2110
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 66% CVi 610%
Closing 63% 6 10, 88%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. •
CHICAGO, June CATTLE— was a
very good general demand for cattle I to-day,
but , the commoner kinds and the heavy . cattle
were 5 to 10 cents lower. •• Fair. to choice, $4 90@
6 25; medium, $4 50ij?4 67; beef steers . |4@4 45;
stockers and feeders,- $4 60@5 15; bulls, $2 90®
4 20 ' cows and heifers, ! $3 30@4 75; calves, $2 25
©5 25; western steers, (4 20@4 91.
HOGS— There was a good local and shipping
demand for hogs. Early prices were strong to
5c higher than Saturday's close, but weakness
prevailed later on and the market closed un
: satisfactory for sellers. Fair to choice, ■$3 90®
4 05; packers, $3 7504 87%; butchers,- $3 So®4 60;
mixed, $3 75®3 90; lights, $3@3 92; pigs, $2 80@
8 75. - ■■*■--■.-.■.■■- - ■ : ! " ■■.•./■'■.
SHEEP— Were In active demand and prices
ruled stronger to 10 cents higher. Native sheep
j $3(^5 25; ewes, $4 65;. lambs and yearlings, $} 60
<<i 6 15; spring lambs, tOfiiS 00; rams, $3@4. . •
t> Receipts— 22.000; hogs, 3S.000; sheep
16.000. ~ -..;.: ■ -
. , ■ - . OMAHA. ■'■ '■■;
OMAHA, Juna 20.— CATTLE— Receipt?, 2500.
Market steady to lower; native beef Eteers
$4@4 90; western steers, $3 SOfiA 50; cows and
heifers, $3 60@4 30; stockers and feeders, $4<9
HOGS— Receipts, 3100. Market steady to shade
lower; heavy, J3 7C03 85; mixed, $3 75Q3 SO
light, $3 72«3 77; bulk of sales, »3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300. Market strong; fair
to choice natives, $3 90® 4 60; do westerns, $3 80
THE SA^ FTIAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1898.
<Jf4 Si; common and stock sheep, $3 50@4 BO;
lambs, $4 O'iin". 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS city. June 20.— CATTLE— Receipts.
SSOO. Best grades, steady; others weak to 10
cents lower; native steers 54*4 S5; native cows
and heifers, $2®4 SO; stockers and feeders, $3 50
@ 5 45; bulls, $2 75(54.
HOGS— Receipts, 0000. Market strong to 5
cents hither. Bulk of sales. $3 7003 95; heavies,
I; packers, |S 706390; mixed, $3 65©3 90;
lights, S3 60@S 70; pigs, $P. 10®3 65.
SHEE}' -Receipts, 2000. Market steady;
lambs, U 70£i6 25; muttons. $3@l 75.
DENVER. .
DENVER, June CATTLE— Receipts, 2100.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 80@4 70; cows,
$3<g4; feeders, S3 So®4 40; . gtockers, $3 90@4 30;
bulls, stags, etc., $2 50@3 SO.
Receipts, . Market unchanged.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1600. Market tlrm. Good
fat muttons, $3 50® 4 50; lambs and yearlings,
$435 40.
CALIFORNIA ORANGES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 20.— The Journal of Com
merce says: California oranges continue In
fair demand and prices remain steady and un
changed. Shipments are light, . but there Is
said to be a considerable quantity still to come
forward. Navels spot and to arrive are re
ported to be scarce and good quality. Valen
cias and Mediterranean sweets are in rather
small supply. No shipments of Sorrento or
anges are being made to this market, as they
command better price in Europe than could
be obtained here. California loose muscatel
raisins are dull and neglected, with nominal
and unchanged prices. Some interest is shown
In the new crop of seeded raisins for shipment
from the coast, but few seeders have yet made
prices. The crop at present promises to be
a large one and of good quality, provided late
rains do no Injury to the stock in trays. While
there is a good deal of Inquiry for prices and
information concerning the prospects for the
coming crop, there seems to be a general dis
position to withhold orders until the stock is
ready for marketing. Foreign raisins of all
I kinds are reported to be in limited supply on
spot, but in the absence -.» demand prices are
nominal.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit at auction to-day realizing the following
prices:
PHILADELPHIA, June 20.— Apricots— Royal,
$1 06491 65, average $1 42. Peaches Alexander,
70c@$l 45, average 92c; Ulatls. average $1.
Plums— Clyman, Soc<ijsl 10-. average S9c; St.
Catherine, Soc(ssl 05, average 81c; Royal Ha
tlve, 70@90c, average 79c. Prunes— Tragedy,
average $1 64. Cherries— Black Republican,
average SI 05. Four cars Fold.
NEW YORK. June Peaches— Briggs May,
SOciiJl. average 92c: Alexander, BGciffsl, aver
age 87c. Plums— Clyman, 9Oc(fs"*l 35, average
$1 14.' Cherries— Royal Anne, 45c(S$l 05, aver
age. 74c: Black Republican, 75e(jj$l 10, average
85* : Blgarreau, 70-'?»9sc, average We; Centennial,
60@75c, average C7c; Pont lac, 75c. Nine cars
sold.
i CHICAGO, June 20.— Alexander, 65@
75c, average 70cS. Cherries— Pontiac, 50@6Tic,
average, 62c. \
BOSTON, June 20.— Cherries— Royal Anne. 40c
| <fi%l 30. average SSc; Bigareau, 60<6'S0c, average
71c: Cleveland, 60990 c, average ECc; Centen
nial, 50@74c, average 64c; Black Oregon, Wti
95c, average, We. Peaches— Alexander, 30c@$l,
average 62c. Nine cars Bold.
.-.!■-.■■■■■.■■>.■*.:.;••■<---■.■■:•<'.? .'^r
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June 20.— Consols, 1 11 3-16; Silver,
27%: French Rentes. 102f Ko.
LIVERPOOL, June 20.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
Standard California Wheat, 44s 6 d; Cargoes
off Coast, very little doing; Cargoes on Passage,
nominal, unchanged; English Country Markets,
generally Is cheaper; French Country Mar
kets, dull: Wheat in Paris, steady; Flour In
i Paris, weak; quantity Wheat and Flour on
passage to U. X., 2.8>0,0OO; quantity Wheat and
1 Fiour on passage t<i Continent, 2,630,000; Indian
i shipments Wheat to IT. X.. 144.000: [ndlan ship-
rr.ents Wheat to Continent. 56,0>>: import into
IT.l T . K. for week, 143,006 bbls Flour and 348,000
I quarters Wheat; Cotton, uplands, 3 15-32.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures clos.-d dull; July, Gs 3%d;
September, 5a lOd; December, 5s S%d.
Imports of Whnat Into Liverpool for the week
from Atlantic ports, 41,400 quarters; from Pa
cific ports, none; from other ports, 46,000 quar
ters.
Imports of Corn from Atlantic ports for the
week, 6^,700 quarters.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The statement of the
visible grain In store and afloat Saturday, June
IS, as compiled in the New York Exchange, is
as follows:
Wheat, 19,088,000 bushels; decrease. 593,000.
Corn, 22.172,000 bushels; tncreaae, RIO, OOO.
7 092,000 bushels; decrease, 21.000.
Rye, 1.037.000 bushels; decrease, 139,000.
Barley, 537,000 bushels; increase, 26.000.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, June 10. — The local market con
tinues quiet and lifeless, and it is difficult to
secure a quotation.
Cleared — British ship Glenard for Queens
town with JI7,C(V) bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 20. --Wheat— No trading, and
quotations nominally unchanged.
(AMI IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. June 20.— To-day'E statement
of the condition of the Treasury Bhows: Avail
able cash balance, $159.647,!»04; gold reserve,
$143,474,057.
PORTLAND'S HUBINESS.
PORTLAND, June 20.— Exchanges, $336,222:
balances, $09,909.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 20.— COTTON— Quiet
mid, Sc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight .. — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, 60 dayß — 4 87
Hterlini? Cables — 4 37%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
New York Exchange, sight • — . 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars ..46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — week opened flat and depressed
with lower futures and a decline In milling.
Shipping continues unquotable, as the ship
pers are still out of the market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ; milling, $1 GO®
1 55 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
18,000 ctls. 29; 20.000, $123%; 10,000, $129%;
SOOO, *1 29%.
Second Session— December— 2o,ooo ctls, 29%;
6000, $129%; 6000, $129%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6ooo ctls,
$130%; 32.000, $130%; 12,000. $130%; 6000, $131;
1 2000, ■$1 30%. ' May— 2ooo, $133.'
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $131;
■ 12.000, $120%; 6000, $130%; 54,000, Jl 30%; 10,000,
$1 30%.
BARLEY The market was a fraction weaker
I all around. The demand continued dull. Fu
'■ tures were rather firmer in the afternoon.
i Feed, $115G117%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 15%; 6000, $1 16%.
Second December— 6ooo ctls, $1 15%;
6000, $1 16%. -
Rfgular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
! $1 ir,%; 2000, $1 17; 4000, $1 1«%: 2000, $1 17%; 4000,
! $117%; 2000, $1 17%..
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$117%; 2000, $117%; 2000, $116%.
OATS— Offerings ' are considerably smaller
than they have been, but the demand is slack
and the market shows no change.
Fancy Feed, $1 Bto 40 per -ctl; good to
Choice $1 30igl 33; common.' U 2601 27%: Sur
prise, $1 StMfcl 40; -gray, $1 25@1 52%; milling
$1 32%(J?1 37% per. ctl.
— Samples are few at the moment, but
there is no scarcity of stock and the market
is dull. " ■ ' - '
Small round yellow, $1 25@1 30; . large yellow,
$1 i.-,,,! 07%; white, $1 C2%@l 05 per ctl; mixed,
V. "LUtfil 05.
RYE— sl 2M81.30 per ctl.-' >
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl. -
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The millers have reduced Flour 25e. The
China steamer took out 5589 barrels.
— Family extras, $5 25@5 35;' bakers,
extras. Jo*/:" 10 per barrel.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5 Co@s 60; bakers'
extras, $:, 2."<& 035 per barrel. ':. . -.-■ .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to : the ' trade: ' Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, .12 .60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 • 25- • Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50: Hominy. $3 2.',Ti3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
*Sr4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 Ss((Jt> 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 &0
per 100 lbs. '.. .» .''•'.?"' AV '
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Increased ■ receipts fof the new crop, ■ coupled
with the persistent holding oft of buyers,^ have
lowered the price of new. Hay,* though the little
old coming in remained i firm at "about the old
prices. ■' There Is no change "in Feedstuffs. ■. i
Bl;AN— slt>-'f«l7 per ton. v
MIDDLINGS— S2O 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25 Eo@26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31^31 50; Job- !
bing, J32(g32 50; Cocoanut • Cake, J24(p < 25; Cot
tonseed Meal,.j2S@3o p<;r ton; Cornmeal, $24 60;
Cracked • Corn, $25. ; -,-.-«>;■.  ■ ' • ',-;-■—,. .
. HAY ' (Ex-car In round Wheat, : $20#22-
Wheat and " Oat, $IS<T(2O; Oat. $16 50@18 50; Bar
ley, ; i Compressed Wheat, • $21@24 ; «. Com
pressed Oat, $16^18; ; Alfalfa, $12©12 50; . Clover,
— ; Timothy. -. ■' .'■•.--' -. :
NEW Wheat. : $15018; Wild • Oat, $14®
15; - Barley, 1 — — ; Island Barley, $12®14; Al- i
falfa. $121.15, ." • . . - >.-/.,-
: STRAW— : per bale. '-.■: ■'■£ . '
BEANS AND SEEDS.
■ Beans are quiet .? at -^ the decline. Mustard
Seed rules firm, at the advance. I • • '""■*•%
: ' BEANS— Bayos. " $2 90@3; , Small Whites, $1 75
©ISO: Large Vhites. $1 6. r ,@l 75; Pinks, $2 60@
2 70; Reds, $2 SCS3- Blackeye. $3@3 25; Butters,
$1 80©»; Limas, $2 80r,i2 90; Pea, %l 70@l 90; Red
Kidneys, $2 5001 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4@4 25 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4(fj4 20; Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%(§2%c per ttv Alfalfa. "3(a'6c; Rape, 2i4@
2\c; Hemp, 2%©Be; Timothy, s@sV4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles $1 75<g2; Green, *2@
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, B®loc per lb; Green
Peppers, 8910 c; Tomatoes, 75c«|$l per box.
Onions were weaker and Potatoes steadier.
• ':.■•!■? was i;i, lbK cuiai change in v'i^e
tab!ef=
POTATOES— OId Burbanks, nominal: new
Potatoes, 86565 c for Early Rose, 40?J65c for
Peerless and 40@S5c for Burbanks in boxes.
ONIONS— 86©60 c per ctl for red and 90c
for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50®2 00 for ex
tra large; 75c®$l 25 per box for No. 1, 25@75c
for small; Rhubarb, 40<??75c per box; Green
Peas, $lCil 50 per sack: Garden Peas, 2}i<<i>3Vic
per lb; String Beans. 3@6c: Wax Beans. 4<g6c;
Summer Squash.-, 7Bo®sl per- box: ■ Bay Squash,
$150@2; Green Peppers, 10c; Dried Peppers,
SO6C per lb; Cabbage, 50c. per ctl; Car
rots. 30®50c per sack: Marysvllle Cucumbers,
75c@$l per box; Vacaville Tomatoes, "Sag sl per
box: Green Corn, 15@25c per dozen; Garlic,
Vi i > per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw. 12c per lb in lots of 25
rbs: sliced desiccated. 16<(?lSc: granulated, raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage, 3oe: Swept Potatoes. 3oc: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern arrived in the afternoon.
Local stock was nominal.
POULTRY— Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75c
@$1; Goslings, $I@l 25: Ducks, $3(5)3 50 for old
and $3c<i;s for young; Hens, $3@4 50; Roos
ters, youny, $6@7; Roosters, old, $3 50@4 50;
Fryers, $-4 ."O'T?;. u0; Broilers, $3 60@4 for large,
$2©3 for small : Pigeons, $1 25&1 50 per dozen
for young and $lfM 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
All descriptions under this head were dull
and weak at previous prices.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 18c; seconds. 17
017 M;C.
— Choice to fancy, 16@17c; common
grades, 15c per lb.
Eastern Imitation creamery. 16©
16% c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Elgin. 17
@lsc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, S%c; old, 7%@
8c; Cream Cheddar, 10*0 lie; Young America,
!»@lflc: Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 16@17c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13&@14>ic; Eastern, 12%@15c; Duck
Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The sharp advance In Apricots has led to a
diversion of some Eastern shipments to this
market, which is accordingly lower. Peaches
and Plums rule firm. Arrivals of Apples are
light, and there are hardly any Pears coming
in. Fig* are rather slow. Black Cherries are
(loitiL: ■■> shade better.
The ton quotation for Apricots in boxes rep
resents the large six-inch boxes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $2(g4 50 per chest for large and
$709 for small.
White i.L-rrles, 20*S"30c per box; black 20<8!
40c; Royal Annes. 3C@soc; loose Cherries, 1@ i
IV for white and l%@3c per lb for black and ;
2<<f3c for Royal Anne.
Flare, 30®30c per box for single and 65c@$l for i
double layers.
Currants. $1 50@3 50 per chest.
Blackberries, per crate and $4®6 per
chest.
Plums, 50.<Tfi5o per crate and 40<fr75c per box; !
Cherry Plums, So®4oc per drawer and 40©50u j
por box.
Apricots, 40@S5c per box and 79c@$l per crate
for Royals.
Peaches, 40(??7oc per box. 65<u 90c per basket. !
Gooseberries, l(S2c per lb for common and 3
@4c for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 2." per crate; Near
by Raspberries. $-l:? 7 per chest.
Apples, 76c©$l SO per box; new Apples, 35®30c
per small and 75c<6$l per large box and 25@40c ,
per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 50;
Seedlings, 75cff$l; Lemons, $I®l 25 for com
mon and $1 60@S 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, S3 5004; California Limes, in small
boxes, 40®50c: Bananas. $12502 per bunch.
Pineapples. $3®4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Apricot drying has begun In the earlier dis
tricts and Vacavllle driers are feeling this
market, but no prices have yet been estab
lished. Nuts. Raisins and Honey are dull.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots. 4%@
Ec for 40-50' s, 4V4®4%c for 50-60' b, 3V«4c for '
CO-70 s, 3%i"a'3Hc for 70-SO's, 2%(g3c for SO-SO's, 2>4 I
4j'2M;C for aO-100's; Peaches .'Ci'ic; fancy, 5 1 ,4tP |
be; peeled, 10(gl2^c; Apricots. s<&6V4c for Royals,
and "ftSc for good to fancy lloorparks; Evapo- |
rated Apples, TViiSc; sun-dried, 4 1 i<ijC ( c; Biack
Figs in sacks. ZS2%c; Plums, 4%<&4\c for
pitted and lVi©lV£c for unpitted; bleached
Plums, s<gsV4c ;> Nectarines, 4©sc for prime to
fancy; Pearu. t'/iiJ'*! 1 for quarters and 3®5 l ,Ac I
for halves, according to color, etc
RAISINS— 2®2%c for two-crown, 2%@3c for
three-crown, 3UW3?«c for four-crown, 4V for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels I
and $I@l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes, I
2%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 3^4c for hardshell; 4@sc for I
softshell; Almonds. 3S4c for hardshell, 6@7c for !
softshell, v 'a '■«• for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@ '
BHc for Eastern and 4'-ic for California: Pc- i
cans, e^f&Sc; Filberts, »%<gloc; Brazil Nuts, i
MWc per lt>; Cocoanuts, $4 60^5 'per 100.
KONET— Comb, i»®loc < for bright and S@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 6U.®
6c; light amber extracted. 4%@o I / per lb.
BEKSWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12fi ! 12'< i e for sugar cured;
Eastern *uga.r-cured Hams. lOVifyllc; Cali
fornia Hams. :■ •-,(. LOc; Mess Heef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Reef, $11; Family lJ»t-f, $12; Salt
i'ork. $H; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
«7@17 :,0; mess, 115; Smoked Beef, 12tfi2%c per
lb. "
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and B%c for pure; pails. 9Hc:
California tit>rc«»n. 5%c per lb for compound
and 7Uc for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb
tins, BVic; 5-lb tins, S\c.
COTTOLEKB — Tierces, 6?i<S7%c; packages,
less than W* lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails. 20 In a case, B%c; 5-Ib pails, 12 in a
cas-\ BM>c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7?ic: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. B'*ic; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides rule firm and a number of changes,
generally in the direction of higher prices, will
be seen.
HIDES AND SKIXS— CuIIs and brands sell
about Ie under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, l(H&!»llc; •■.Hum. 9M.iii>loc: light, OftjiyViic:
Cowhides, BH@10c; Stags, G^c; salted Kip, ?Ti
9Vj,c; Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 18%<817V4c; culls and
brands, 13»4@'14c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry
Calf, 20c; culls, IB® 17c; Goatskins, ■ 20@40c
each: Kids, G@loc; Deerskins, good summer,
27>4<?}300; medium, r,oc; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20Q30c each; short wool, 30ft>50c
each; medium, «(jf(SOc; lons wool, . 90c@$l 20
each; Horsehides, salt, $2@2 50 for large and
$I^2 for small: Colts. 50c; Horsehides, dry. $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. ] rendered, 3V,<fi3%c per Ib,
No. 2, BHABc: refined, 4U©*)4c; Grease. 2c. .
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, Biaito. Spring clip— Sou
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc;San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free. 12*J>l4c; do, defective. 10©l2c;
Middle county. 13@l«c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15@17c; Nevada, 10(??Hc: Eastern Oregon,
10012 c; Valley Oregon, 15<fft7c. -
HOPS— IS!) 7 crop, y(ft)l2%c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July, Hf
s'4<-: Wool Hairs, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85.
COALr-Wellingrton. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southflelcl Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $0; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In 1 bulk and $11 50 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite EgR, $11; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Hock Springs and C»stle Gate,
$7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in -: bulk . and $14 : in
sacks. .-. .■■-.-::■■.
COFFEE— The circular of C. E. Bickford
gives the receipts at . this •' port thug ; tar this
year at 99, 153 bags, against '88,043- during the
Fame ■ time last - year. The sales ■ from first
hands were 68.220 bags, against 55,574; the stock
on hand June 1 was 32.449 bags, ■ against 31,197,
and the world's, visible supply-June 1 was 5,
475,000 bags, against 4,174,000. The circular
says: jfi
"The dull condition, as stated in our review
of May 27, continues, and prices have gone oft
for all descriptions, except the , most inferior
grades, which are scarce and consequently firm.;
Current quality unwashed Salvador ' has Bold
down to Sc for parcels on ex-ship terms,", which
is still bid for goods in store. There have been
no further transactions : however, -as holders
now. ask S^/Si^c. . Costa Ricas . are moving
moderately at an average decline of about %c.
Guatemalas are mainly neglected. . ;, ;..- . -.-. .;
."To-day's first ; hand -stock consists of 6714
Costa Rica, ICI3 Nicaragua. P634 Salvador, 14,
078 ■ Guatemala and . 3154 ; Mexican; . in all 35,193
bags, as against 38,844 bags the same time last
year.'-".-;- ■ :•: , ■'-•■■ ■-. ■- ■■ <■ , -,- ■; . ■■ ■ ,: . r-- ,
"The steamer Newport Sis due to-day ■ with
1700 bags. 1 '
We quote: > Costa Rica— , for ■ prime
washed;. li'..fii4'^c for good washed: 15%^)18c
for good to prime washed peaberry;-13@14c.for
goodpeaberry; 12<ii'lXVi>c for good to prime; 10%
@ll>4c.for pood current mixed with : black
beans; 9%®10%c ; for t fair: 6ft?S%c ' for common
to ordinary- Salvador— for good to prime
washed ; 10H@ll^c : for - fair washed: -: 13<i?i4%c
for good to prime : washed peaberry; j 9@loc ; for
superior unwashed: S'S^'-o for good green un
washed;. IH4©II%C for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. ' Nicaragua— •. for good *to ' su
perior > unwashed; j Il<f211&c ; or s good :to i prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and : Mexican—
16%@180 , for prime Ito | fancy I washed : 1 14©15% c
for good to strictly good : washed; 10>*@13^c for
fair „ washed : SffilOc . for medium; j EQBc - for in
ferior to ordinary; 15(?fl6M>c for good |to prime
washed | peaberry: | ll@liy.c | for 1 good | unwashed
peaberry: fifflOc for good to superior unwashed.
:„ SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining • Com
pany quotes, terms net \ cash : r; Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, -. 7c: "- : Powdered, : 6<*c; • Dry
Granulated, s"*c; confectioners' A, 5%c; Mar
nolia ■A, \ 6%c; „• Extra \C, \ 6%c; i Golden C, 6>4c;
Candy Granulated. 6c; California A. 5%c per
tt>; half-barrels more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Pork rules very firm at the advanced prices.
Local dealers are figuring upon importing
dressed Hogs from the East, which they can
profitably do at the present prices, but the
risk deters them.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality.
5%c; third quality, 4@sc per It).
VEAL— Large, 4<gsc; small, 6@7c per tt>.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
Ib.
LAMB— Spring, B@B%c per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 4%(ff4%c for large. 6@5%e
for medium and 4@4%c for small; stock Hoijs,
2@3%c; dressed Hoga, 6%@Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, June 20.
Flour, qr sks ... 4,606 Middlings, sks .. 130
SVhcat, ctls 785 i Hay, tons 670
Barley, ctls 900 Straw, tons 24
Rye, ctls 400 i Wool, bales 425
Tallow, ctls 261 Pelts, bdls 192
Butter, ctls 383! Hides, no 307
Cheese, ctls 25Leather. rolls ... 79
Beans, sks 493 Quicksilver, flsk. 50
Potatoes, sks ... 1,981 Lime, bbls 81
Onions, sks 672 Eggs, doz 9.720
Bran, sks 902 Wine, gals 68,970
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.7921 Middlings, sks .. 625
Osts. ctls 420 Shorts, sks B,luO
Bran, sks 6.22S Flaxseed pks 750
Hay, tons 10 Wool, bales 113
Wheat, ctls 6.130 Potatoes, sks ... 113
Barley, ctls 4.080 1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.600 1
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10 1
« ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks present no new feature. They
are about as low as they can be without drop
ping completely out of sight, and are very dull.
Local securities were quiet, with weaker
prices for Spring Valley Water and Oceanic
Steamship.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Chal
lenge Consolidated will be held to-day.
The South Swansea Mining Company of
Utah has declared a dividend of 6 cents per
share, amounting to $7500, payable July 1. In
clusive of this dividend the South Swansea will
have paid out $97,5C0.
The delinquency In office of the assessment of
SO cents on the Omaha Consolidated of Nevada
County" has been postponed to July 15, and the
day of sale to August 13.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are as
follows: Consolidated California and Virginia,
1550 level— From the north drift skirting along
the footwall from the Incline upraise at a point
178 feet on the slope above this level, 35 feet
in from Its mouth, east crosscut No. 4 has been
advanced 20 feet, passing through porphyry
streaked with quartz; total length, 20 feet.
Work in east crosscut No. 3 on this level has
bf-en suFp»nded. Krom the incline upraise No.
I at a point 112 feet above the sill floor of this
level from the south drift at a point 230 feet
in from its mouth, the upraise started on the
east side of the drift has been carried up 12
feet, passing through porphyry and quartz
assaying from $1 to *U per ton; total height,
22 feet. 1650 level— From incline upraise No. 1
at a point 00 feet above the gill floor of this
level from the south drift skirting along the
footwall, which is In a total length of 178 feet,
we are repairing and retimbering the drift.
Are also repairing upraise No. 2 from this level
upward. From the old east crosscut on the
sill floor of this level at a point 93 feet in from
its mouth from the upraise cnrrled up 15 feet
above the sill floor from the north end of the
openings from the upraise carried 2S feet, we
have worked east and north through streaks
and bunches of ore from which we have ex
tracted 24 tons ore assaying; per mine car
samples $31 90. We have extracted from this
part of the mine 28 tons of low grade ore, the
assay value of which, per samples taken from
cars, was $12 86 per ton. 1750 level — On the
eighth floor from the upraise an east crosscut
has been started and advanced 17 feet through
porphyry and quartz assaying from $2 to $7 per
ton; total length, 42 feet. The total extraction
of ore for the week amounted to 24 tons, the
average assay value of which, per samples
taken from cars at the surface, was $31 8S per
ton.
In the Mexican mine, on the 1000-foot level,
in the north drift from the Ophir shaft station
480 feet in from the station, or 230 feet north
from the south boundary line of the mine and
opposite west crosscut No. 1. the east crosscut
was advanced 30 feet, passing through soft
porphyry with seams of clay and narrow seams
of vein matter assaying $1 65 per ton; total
length. 1188 feet.
The official letter from the Sierra Nevada
mine for the patst week says: "During the
week we advanced the west crosscut from the
south drift 20 feet, making a total of 12S feet.
The face is in porphyry with seams of quartz
through It. On the 13th inst. we started a
winze on the ore body in the tunnel and sank
the same 15 feet. The first 3% feet was in
ore of good grade. From that point HVi feet
d"wn the ground was a mixture of clay, quartz
and porphyry, yielding assays from $3 to $10
per ton. In sinking the first 3% feet we took
out six mining carloads of ore. The average
assny of the car samples was $130 In gold and
10. H4 ounces of silver per ton. In this winze
the water has troubled us in sinking, there be
ing three buckets of water for one of debris.
Have started to rettmter the old Sierra Nevada
shaft, and when completed and a northwest
drift run it will drain the ground under this
ore body with good c..anees for finding bodies
of ore under the Riley tunnel. During the week
we have shipped to the Carson Mint one bar
of bullion of the par value of $1752 17, for
which we have not yet received an official re
port. We have also shipped during the week
346 sacks of s'ulphurets to Selby's at Vallejo
Junction. The gross weight was 49,600 pounds,
for which no return has yet been made. At
the Union shaft west crosscut No. 3 from the
lateral drift, started at a point 225 feet south
from the upraise above the 900 level and
190 feet vertically above the sill floor of the
900 level, has been extended during the
week. 10 feet: total. 70 feet. The face is in
porphyry with reams of clay. On the 900
level weßt crosscut No. 6 from the north latpral
drift, started at a point 100 feet north from
west crosscut No. 5 and 550 feot north from the
Sierra Nevada shaft, has been extended during
this week 12 feet; total, 149 feet. The face Is
in pnrphyry with seams of clay."
Brunswick lode— Con. Cal. & "a.. Best &
Belcher and Gould & Currv— f>oo level— The Joint
south drift from the station has been advanced
II feet; total length. #0 feet; face In hard por
phyry. The shaft has been sunk 12 feet on the
incline; total depth. 1137 feet: bottom in hard
porphyry. The joint cast crosscut, started in
the south drift, 600 feet from the station, was
advanced lfi feet; total length, 52 feet: face In
porphyry and quartz. Sutro tunnel level— Joint
north drift from the Sutro tunnel has been ad
vanced 14 feet; total length 138 feet; face in
porphyry.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter
for the past week says: "From the stopes on
the 550 level we have extracted and milled 80
tons of ore of the average value as per battery
sample assay of $8 10 per ton."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, June 20—2 p. m.
Bid.Awk Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..llO%HHi Pac Gas Imp.. 86 S7\i
4s quar reg. ..109%109M: Pac L Co — 51
4s quar new... 124 125 S F G & E... 87% 87%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. 114% — Stock Gas 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 95%100 Firom's Fund.lSa —
Dup-st ex c... — 88% Bank Stocks—
X L & P 65.. 128 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F& Cl Ry 65.1134 — Bank of Ca1. .243 245%
Geary-st R ss. 94 100 Cal SD & T.. 97 —
II C& S 5%«..100 105 First Nat ....202V. —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P& A 125 "130
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. 126 — - Nat 8....152%160
Do Ist M 55.. 113% — Savings Banks—"
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L..ISSO 1660
NCNG Ry 75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal C 5..108 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. 101*4 — S F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 55. 101% — S & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55. ...100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d is 5a.. — 111 Union T Co. 1000 —
Om Ry 6s 125%127% Street Railroad—
1' & O 6s 108% — California 125 160
V&CI Ry 65. 109 — Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65...115%120 Market-st 53% —
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6 Bi^
Sac Elecßyss.loo — Powder—
SF& N P os.lOS 109 California .... 93 94
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 R Dynamite... 85 —
S Pof Ar 65.. 105 105% Giant Con Co. 47 i'M
? P Cal 65.... — 113 Vitrorlt 2% 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous —
3 P Br Gs 112« i — Al Pac Assn.. »3 94
B V Wat 65...116mi7 Ger Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat 45...101%i10;% Hana P C 0.... 11 12
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 H C & S Co.. 24% 24%
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 50
Contra Costa.. 52 65 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co 50 — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98»4 — Oceanic S Co. 57 59
Gas. & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2%
Cent <jasllght.lOs — Pac Bot Co 101 —
Mutual El Co. — HVi Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 47 47%
Morning Session.
100 Spring Valley Water 98 GO
125 Giant Powder Con 4725
23 do do 47 37%
12,". Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 00
Street—
$10,000 Ma.rket-st Ry Con bonds 6s 113 75
Afternoon Session.
250 Han a Plantation Co 12 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
10 Spring Valley Water ys 25
» do do 98 50
100 Oiant Powder Con 47 12%
10 do do 47 25
5S F Gas & Electric Co 87 12%
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 00
100 do do 24 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Best & Belcher. 15 300 Pntosi 08
"""Caledonia 15 100 Savage 03
100 Challenge 13 400 Seg Belcher .... 04
100 Chollar 05 200 Sierra Nevada 61
200 Con Cal & Va.. 26|200 x>2
FOO Justice O3!3OO Union Con .. 15
600 021500 Utah 02
150 Mexican 101400 Yellow Jacket... 17
300 Overman 03I1M 15
Afternoon Session.
500 Con Cal & Va.. 26 1200 Sierra Nevada.. 63
WOPotosi 07|
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ■
Morning Session.
500 Belcher ......... 05 200 Ophir 20
500 Challenge ........ 15 i 600 Sierra Nevada.. o2
$00. 131200 ...... 63
300 Con Cal & Va.. 26 300...: : 64
800 ............ 271200 55
tOO Hale & Norcrs.. 73 400 TTnlon Con 15
250 Mexican 10 500 Utah , 03
Afternoon Session.
100 Challenge ....... 16 200 Potosl ...... ... . . 07
700 Con Cal & Va.. 26 200 Sierra Nevada.. 63
600 .................. 25 300 Union Con .13
400 Crown Point ... 06 300 Yellow Jacket... 16
200 Mexican 101
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. June 20—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha . 02 03 Julia — 01
Alta ....04 05 Justice :. 02 03
Andes . 06 07 Kentuck • 05 06
Belcher . 04 05 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton 04 — Mexican 10 11
Best & Belcher 13 14 Occidental 60 <>■■
Bullion ........ 02 03 Ophir 20 21
Caledonia ..... 17 19 Overman 03 05
Chollar 06 07 Potosl .......... 03 09
Challenge Con. 13 14iSavage ......... . 04 05
Confidence ..... 30 35 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va. 24 25 1 Scorpion ....... — 0
Con Imperial .. — 01 ...erra Nevada. 52 63
Crown Point .. 07 09 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate ..... — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 1601 bo
Exchequer ..... 01 03 Union Con .... 13 14
Gould & Curry. 08 09 Utah 03 04
Hale & Norcrs. 74 75 Yellow Jacket. 15 16
■ ♦ « —
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alice E. and George F. Roberts to Anna M.
Thomas (wife of William B.). lot on >. line of
Clay street, 130 E of Steiner, E 31:3 by N
127:8 Vi; $10. .
Chester Rowell and Imogene Eldridge (Bow
ell) to Thomas Downing, lot on N line of JacK
son street. 165:3 W of Cherry. W to point 207:6
E of First avenue, N Vt degree E to S line
land of Hugh Crockard. SE to point which
bears N Vs degree E from beginning; thence
S to beginning; $1.
John L. Norton to Kate Norton, lot on W line
of Leavenworth street. 89:5 S of Geary, S 48:6.
\V 68:9. N 48:5, E 68:9; also lot on SW line
of Eighth street, 140 SE of Folsom. SE 25 by
SW 75; also lot on NE corner of McAllister
and Buchanan streets, N 87:6. E 72:6, SW to
McAllister. NW 34, to beginning; $500.
Peter F. Dunne, Henry H. and Ella Davis
to P. J. and Margaret E. Tobin, lot on N line
of Green street, 42:6 E of Larkin. E 34:3 by N
70; $10. .
Estate of Frederick E. Lepplen (by Gussle
Hoope, administratrix) to sam*. Fame; 52700.
Patrick Sheehan (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff)
to Mary Noonan, lot on SE line of Natoma
street, 350 SW of Seventh, SW 25 by SE 75;
$378.
Patrick D. and Margaret Winter (by Albert
N. Tucker commissioner) to George S. Crim,
lot on W line of Utah street, 25 S of El Dorado,
S 50 by W 100; $3ia&.
John and Annie Lyeett to David and Clar
issa Rodger, lot on E line of Wisconsin street,
20S N of Twenty-second (Sierra), X 26 by E
100; $10.
Adelbert C. Sheldon to Mianna Sheldon, lot
on E line of Twentieth avenue, 276 N of Cali
fornia street. E 120 by N 26; ilO.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Albert F. Hoff
mann, lot on N line of Ninth avenue, 150 S
of L street, S 50 by W 12i-- $10.
Timothy O'Leary tr> John H. and Louise E.
Murphy, lot 23. block 3. Syndicates' First Addi
tion to San Francisco; $10.
Chrißtiane L. Rengli (wife of Anton) to Delos
Pratt, lots S and 9, block 3«. Sunnyside Tract,
quitclaim deed; {5.
Sunnyplde Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to same
and Thomas R. Dunn, same; $10.
Thomas R. Dunn and Delos and Harriet A.
Pratt to G. Broman. same; $10.
William C. and Caroline T. Nicol to Gottlieb
Grau. lot on SW line of Brazil street. 100 NW
of Madrid. NW 25 by SW 100. block 23, Ex
celsior Homestead, quitclaim deed; $10.
J. K. and Lati — F. Sharon to Lucas Har
vey, lot on PW corner of Brazil street. 75 SE
of Lisbon, SE 25 by SW 100. block 28, same;
$30.
William A. and Mary Johnson to Gottlieb
Gran, same; $10.
Edward McO. and Maud H. Weste to Charles
A. Bennett, lots 136 and 138, Gift Map 1; $10.
West End Homestead Association (by Henry
Payot and George J. Hobe, trustees) to Mar
garet O'Connell. lot on E line new county
road and NE line and corner of lot 62 of West
End Homestead. S 26% degrees, E 5 chains 83
links, S 50 degrees E 16 chains 75 links, S 32
degrees E 5 chains 20 links, S 27V4 degrees W
3 chains 26 links to S line Belle View avenue,
N 66% degrees E along S line of Belle View
avenue to center of West End Creek, thence E
and N along creek to S line new county road,
thence S 40 degrees, W to beginning; $5.
Margaret O'Connell to Joseph W. Taylor,
same; {5.
: ; : Alameda County.
M. Meverfeld Jr. to Gustav Walter lot on S
line Thirtieth street. 29 E of Union, E 52:1%
by S 100, block 662; $10.
Bion B and Lucy C. Williams to Olivia M.
Kellogg, lot on E line Vernon Btreet, Id S
of Santa Rosa avenue, thence at right angles
with Vernoo street. 132. B (6, W 132, N 45 to
beginning, lot 21 and S 5 feet lot 20, block B,
Stanford tract, quit claim deed: $.'.
J. K. Stewart, N. S. Troivbridge, W. R. and
L. T. Batten A. H. and I>. W. McDonald,
William M. rietts and W. I. Reed (by commis
sion) to Minnie A. Robinson, lot NW corner
Ashby ami Shattuck avenues, W 80 by N 100
feet, being lots 4 and 5, block B, Adeline tract,
Berkeley; $47.".. i.
Bert D. ChUson to Helen M. Gaunce, lot NE
line of Washington street, 50 SE of Tevls,
SE 25 by NB 100. block 776, Levy and Lane
tract. Brooklyn; gift.
Agnes M. and Samuel Yeo to Jeno P. Nielsen,
lot on S line of Hopkins street, 592.84 W of
Boston avenue, W 00, SE 178, N 70.21 to begin
ning, block A, Prospect Hill tract, Brooklyn;
$10.
H. and Jette Witkowsky to Annie Camp iwife
of M.), lot on S line of West Tenth st, 91:4
E of Kirkham, E 25 by S 100, block 650, Oak
land; $10.
A. L. Peale to F. A. Losh, lot on NW line
of Third avenue. l«0 NE East Twelfth street.
NE 50 by NW ISO, block 50, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
R. H. Curry. H. A. Powell. D. H. Bruns
and G. Feddernltz (by commissioner) to Home
stead Loan Association, Berkeley, lot on N line
of Delaware street, r>s E of East Eighth. E
50 by N 100, being lot 17, block 63, Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
clution, Berkeley; $1145.
Builders' Contracts.
Harriet McCarthy (owner) with Campbell &
Pettus (contractors) architects Shea & Shea.
Alterations and additions to I-angham Hotel.
SE corner Mason and Ellis streets, S 100, E
57:6, plus 2 minutes 12 seconds. X 100: thence
plus 2 minutes 12 seconds. S7:H, to beginning.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W H Reed. Saoto C Edwards. Butte
W D Carr. I, Ang O M Fredericks, Sao
G Cummins, N T S Mathews, Vnllejo
J Crosby, S Diego R F Scott, Chicago
M Ross. Los Gates L Bldwell, Monterey
W Rlckerly. Pan Jose B F Sweet. Wls
H Howe, Petaluma S Kilburn, Auburn
C Valencia. San Pab P Itagham, Boston
C Froellck, S Mateo " J Seymour, Sacto
J Buchanan, Boston J Slebert, Auburn
- Johnson, Raksfleld
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J A Van Wyck. NY iJ Sinbad. Spokane
O Thumler&w, Chicago R N Taylor, Wls
VV B Frue & w, S Jose U T Baxter, Modesto
R Kitchen. S Jose J N Davis. X V
S Alexander, Fresno E Ellinghouse, Stanfd
W C Cutler, Japan W Wheeler, Butte
Miss Richmond, Cal A Conn. Red Bluff
B Bettencourt&w, Cal E Quimby. Kan City
S Ofner, Chicago F H Carroll, Omaha
Mrs Shelley & f. Ala iMifs AVolf, N V
H W George, Redwood IF Newell. N V
D Oliver & w, Stkn J M Sutton, N J
B Herbst, NY Mrs Campbell, Colma
C James, Fresno I Rosenberg. Oregon
M E Harris. Oakland L Sickles. Tucson
S Longworthy&w. Cal F AY Peters, 8t Lou's
H S Ford. T'SS Patrsn I) Livingston, S Jose
J Croftuth, Glen Ellen Miss Wagner, Modesto
PALACE HOTEL.
R H Herron, L Ang W R Kenyon.N T
Mrs Herron, L Ang " H Morgan, Seattle
Edith Herron, L Ang C A Clark, London
Paul Herron, L Ang c S Knight, Ft Wayne
J C Bramer, Cal D Bomard. Oakland
W O Wright, S Jose . Mrs Bomard, Oakland
N P Rogers. x N V H A Hlgginbotham,
Mrs Rogers, NT Chicago
J r .1 Atkins, Mass Mrs H Hipginbotham
H G Smith, Saeto Chicago
C J Titus, Sacto Miss F Higginbotham.
Mrs Titus, Sacto • Chicago
W F Lanigan. N V Miss A Higginbotham,
CE Loose. Utah Chicago
C MeCormick. St Lake I Braggiottl & v, Bstn
M Davidson. Montana Miss Grossmaye- • N V
Mrs Davidson, Mont , Dr - Sll verman, Vallejo
L T Morton. Chicago V D Black, Salinas
Mrs Morton, Chicago ,T Suetterlee. Milwke
H Sinclair, Redlands Mrs Suetterlep*d Vl]
8 L Loo*. NY .HE Steele. Cal "
Cora : Reiley. Mo |r t Flint. Angels Camp
GRAND HOTEL.
3 Miller. Stockton Mrs Kelly. Salinas
H Jams. >£ Ntu a - Miss Kelly, Salinas
\V D Ross,' Petal uma Mrs Conner,' Salinas
MGuerten. L Ang v Miss Conner. Salinas
F P. Black. S ; Jose B L McCay, Oroville
r Terry. Cal: Mrs Connolly, Sacto
Mrs anSlyck, Cal Mrs Prevost, Sacto
T C Perm S Jose F Archibald, Hollister
Dr Cross. S Jose S N Griffith. Hollister
E Forbes, Marysville J J Kelly, Monterey , *J
\\ Brown. Cal Mrs RTeggart. Stanfni
JRavenscroft. Cal Mrs Barnes. Stanford
F Johnson. ? L An? ■ ■■ -, T L Reed. Cal •;
? Lmpert Stockton » Cobb, Guerneyvin i"
J R Hopkins, Fresno K.T Boston. S Clara
G Brown&w. Sacto Mrs Willing. Cal
I - Mlllner... Tucson .-..■., E Boesch Cal
T Powell. Portland " F Penny Cal
C Buckhardt Portland H I Seymour. .Sacto
« ; -l Lee. Cal v- . Dr Stephenson&v;, >aa
M Boone Red Bluff ; J Roberts & f. Jollet
Mrs Hall & I, Napa W H Evans. , KIM
? DD A i' oose ' Bo^ Ie 9 Erlckson & w. Cal
i. ?. o!? 0r P- £ V L Meyer. Visali.i
F E Short. Reno \v Arbuckle. M -mphU
D Cohn. Boston ' R Eliot & w. U«ui«t
C Johnson, S Jose ,F W ; Grand, Chicago
H Martin. ; S Jose W T Scott. , L A.i*
J Rickard, Pac Grove EM Brown, Cat '
C Rickard. Pac Grove . --. . .-..; :;
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Maters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorny of the Superintendent.
NOTE-Th« high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IB9B!
Tuesday, June 21.
Sun rises 4:43
Sun seta 7:35
Moon sets 9:19 p. m.
■3
6:50
t W
0:18
g.
4.
2:17
L, W;
7:23
7:56
8:31
9:14
9:58
10:42
0.
0.
1.
l:<
3:
3:
4:
4:
X ?!
4.6
4.7
4.8
5.0
5.1
5.3
7.24
8:19
9:21
10:25
11:2S
a
2.*
1.9
1:<
2:
3:;
! 6::
4.1
3.8
3.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the ]»fj
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gtveg tha
last tide of the day, except when there ar» >, t
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtract!
the depth given by the charts. The piar..- '.;
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Empire jCoos Bay Jun^i.
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound June 21
Columbia Portland I June 2X
City of Puebla. (Victoria & Puget Sound-June 21
Nlngchow (Departure Bay June 21
Scotia IHumboldt June "2
Pomona San Diego |June 23
San Mateo Comux June 2J
Arcata Coos Bay June 23
Crescent City.. Crescent City June 23
Orizaba [Humboldt JuneiJ
Ruth Tillamook Bay ! June *
StateCallfornla Portland June2t
Fulton Oregon Ports June H
Homer Newport June 24
Peru China and Japan June
Wellington Departure Bay June 24
Chllkat Eel River _ June 26
Mlneola Comox June 26
Mackinaw (Taeoma June ' 9
Santa Rosa San Diego June 2>5
Coptic China and Japan June 29
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound June 2B
Oregon Portland !june27
Cooa Bay Newnort . li,,r, a ->a
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Coos Bay...
Chilkat |
North Fork..
Columbia ..I
Arcata (<
Pomona . ...|l
Fulton <
Orizaba — U
Fulton (
Queen
Arcata i
State of Cal|:
Homer \.
Santa Rosa;:
Newport ...]
Peru U
Cleveland .v
Oregon ....;]
|Newport June 22, 8 am Pier U
jHumboldt — June 22. 9 ampler 13
jHumboldt.... June 23, 9 am Pier %
Portland jJune 21,10 am.Pler 12
Coob Bay fjune 24, 10 anvPier 13
|San Diego.. ...jJune 24, llanvPler 11
iOregon Ports. ; June 25.10 am ' Pier 20
iHumboldt iJune 25, 10 am' Pier 9
Oregon Ports, i June 25, 10 am Pier 8
Vie & Pgft Sd. [June 25. 10 amPier 9
Coos Bay [June 25, 10 amiPler 13
IPortland Uune 26, 10 am Pier 13
jNewport June 26, 9amjPler 11
San Diego June 2S, 11 am' Pier 11
Panama June 28, 12 mjPMSS
Chlna&Japan June 28, 1 pm'PMSS
Alaska iJune 2S, I
Portland June 29. 10 am Pier 12
I Pier.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expenee.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tha
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
j dropped on time or giving the error, if any. is
i published the same day by the afternoon papers
i and by th» morning papers the following day.
C P. WELCH. Ensign, U. S. N.. in charge.
TIMEBALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Juna
20. ISSt.
The timeball was not dropped June 20 on ac
count of signals not received.
(HAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired) U. B. X.. In rhnn?».
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE!.
ARRIVED.
- Monday, June 20.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing-, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, 23% hours from Eu
reka.
Br bark West York, Korster, 72 days from
Hongkong. - *•
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 15 hours from
Hard Creek.
- Schr Lillle and Mattie, Fosen, hour* from
Ueal. Up river direct.
Schr Twilight, Hansen. 11 days from Grays
I Harbor. - ,
! Schr Occidental, Brandt, 25 hours from Eu
i reka. ■ ■ ■ ■
S Bcbr Mary C, Campbell, 11 hours from Bo
; dega.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 20.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Parsons, San Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townpend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Ptmr Oregon, Banks, Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Nay Co.
f-tmr Humboldt, Bonnifleld, Seattle; J A Ma
gee Jr.
SAILED.
. Monday, Juno 24
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfleld, Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, i Higglns, Albion.
• Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Parsons, San Diego.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
: Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. i Mendoclna.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Panama.
Ship Spartan, Polite, Seattle.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel.
Schr Defiance, Bloom, Grays Harbor.
Schr Jennie The! in. Grays Harbor.
Schr Monterey. Beck, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— June 20, 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, KW; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Auldglrth was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Cape Town, 83s 9d.
The Forest Hall loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 36s 3d; King Cyrus," lumber on the
Sound for Sydney 455.
SPOKEN. <vV ":'
May 3— Lat 5 S. long 26 W, Br ship Glenn
nart, hence Feb 17," for Queenstown.
May 31— Lat 7 S. long 26 W. Br ship Idnlith
gowshire, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
PORT TOWNSEiMD. June 20— Schr AltoJ, inn
Orca, for Tacoma, previously reported lost, was
spoken in the straits by the tug Rabboni.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 20— Stmr Pasadena,
for Eureka. ..-.-■
ASTORIA— June 20— Br ship Port
Carlisle, from Port Angeles. ■".■
Sailed June 20 — Br ship Crompton, for Queens
town; tug Wanderer, for Puget Sound.
SEATTLE— June 20— Ship Luclle, hna
June 8.
Sailed June 20— Stmr Noyo. for St Michael.
EUREKA— Arrived June 20— Schr Bertie Mi
nor, from Kahului.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 15-Bktn
Gardiner City, from Santa Rosalia.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 20— Schr James
A Garfleld, hence June 10.
i PORT TOWNSEND— June 20— brk
Mary A Troop, from Manila.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 19 -Schr Noko
mls. for Honolulu.
TACOMA— June 20— Ship Dashing
Wave, for Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 19— bark Wool
lahra, for Sydney, schr Occidental and stmr
Chilkat. for San Francisco. ..■■■■
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 20—
Stmr Alcazar, from Point. Arena.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 19— Schr C H
Merchant, hence June 11. -
NEWPORT— Arrived June 20— Stmr Pasadena
from Eureka. ; '
I'MPQUA— Arrived : June 18— Schr Lily. hnc«
June 12. ' " • -;.
- FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed May 4— Br ship Helens
burgh, for ■ Portland:: ; May . 7— Br ship Forest
Hall, for Oregon; Br bark Port Carlisle, for
Port Townsend. ■
HULL— Arrived June 18— Br ship Celticburn,
hence • Jan 30. ■ " ■ -.
YOKOHAMA— June 18— Br stmr Ari
zona,' for Tacoma. '.-
DUNKlßK— Arrived June IS— Br t ship Ver
bena, from Oregon. •
NEWCASTLE,. NSW— SaiIed June 18— ship
Thornliebank, for San Francisco. :
Arrived May 27— Br ship Manx King, to load
for San Francisco.' . .
.- HAVRE— Arrived June IS— brk Marguerite
Mollnas. ' hence . March 14.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 17— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
024 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $C20,C00
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest Daid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estata security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denfcke. A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued.
E. Martlnonl. F. C. Siebe, A. Tognazzlnt, H.
Brunner. McD. R. Venable. J. C. Bauer, F.
Kronenberg. Chas. Martin, C. Gehret, P. Tog-
nazzlnl, S. Grand!, G. Rottacxi.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
KEEN FIGHT
FOR CONGRESS
Victor H. Metcalf Opens
Headquarters.
HARD AFTER MR. HILBORN
H. O. THOWBRIDGE TO HANDLE
THE CAMPAIGN.
Skirmishing to Be Commenced in All
of the Seven Counties That
Form the Third Dis
trict.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Juno 20.
Victor H. Metcalf formally threw out
nla challenge to-day to the camp of Con
gressman Hilborn. There Is no longer
»ny doubt that from this time to the pri
maries the Congressional fight will be par
ticularly lively.
The management of Mr. MetcaJf's cam
paign has been placed in the hands of H.
O. Towbridge, a director of the Homo for
Adult Blind. This is a new field for Mr.
Trowbridge, as hitherto he has never fig
ured to any noticeable extent in politics.
as always confined his efforts to the
furtherance of mercantile enterprises and
public benefits, but he possesses much ex
ecutive ability and no one doubts his ca
pacity to organize and be aggressive.
This morning a fine suite of rooms over
tho Union Savings Bank was thrown open
anrl will henceforth be the Metcalf head
ers. Paul Shafer, ex-secretary of the
I of Health, has been installed as
secretary, and from these quarters the
fight in the seven counties composing the
Third Congressional District will be
made. It has not yet been decided how
the Congressional candidates shall elect
their or whether shall be
elected at the State primaries, or whether
there shall be combinations between Con
gressional candidates and others. These
ta caji hardly be settled until the
.Republican State Central Committee ap
portions the delegates and issues the call
lor the State convention.
The friends of Mr. Hilhorn have so far
limited their efforts toward his renomi
nation to sending around circulars and
making personal appeals. It is now prob
ablo that they will effect an organization
ami also open headquarters. A few
weeks ago Mr. Hilborn sent word to his
friends that Congress would keep him
for some time yet, and that he could
not be on the ground to make a personal
campaign. He stated that whatever must
one in his behalf must be done by
his friends.
NO POOL-SELLING
FOR EMERYVILLE
TRUSTEES DENY LANDREGAITS
APPLICATION.
Ex- Judge Frick Makes a Valiant
Fight for the Privilege — A Threat
of Disincorporation.
f.iKLA.VP, Juno 20.— The report of the
.nee and judiciary committee deny
ing the application of T. C. Landregan
and others for the passage of an ordi
nance permitting the selling of pools and
makir.tr "f books on races to be run out-
Bide of the tw.vn of Emeryville was unani
mous^ to-night by the Board oi
f Emeryville.
This was not done, however, until ex-
Frick made a plea for the passage
. ordinance. He said: "This
signed byi 125 voters, all of
■whom aro residents and taxpayers here
It ippreeents one-third of the property
holders of the town. This is not a ques
tion of rafing at all; not a question oi
morality, but a Question of poolselling.
"i ou have placed your approval upon rac
ing. You have licensed it and poolselllnu
upon its results here. Now where Is thu
difference in selling pools and making of
books on tracks other than here? What
is the difference? I fail to see it. I taku
It there is no difference. If there is no
■nee why is not this ordinance
ed? If you are going to permit pool
j-Hiing on races, why restrict It to one
locality or one party?
"Then t.ike the benefit you derive from
it. You now get $800 from the race track.
WATER FOR
THE PRESIDIO
Supervisors to Petition
the War Department.
BOSWORTH STREET GRADE
THE JOLLY JOKER OF THE
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Property Owners May Grade a Street
for the Benefit of Street Car
Magnates — Street Inir
provements.
The Board of Supervisors has taken
up the fight of the Presidio as a camp
ing-place for troops and has passed a
resolution which wlll'be presented to tna
Secretary of War. The resolution was
presented by Supervisor Delany and is
as follows:
Whereas. The Presidio military reservation
In Oils city containing i? tn acres of land, own
ed and occupied by the United States Govern
ment lacks a proper water supply and Is Im
perfectly drained, and for these reasons cannot
accommodate the soldiers sent to this city; and
•whereas, by reason of this lack of water and
imperfect drainage the military authorities
have been unable to find camping room on the
•Presidio grounds for all the soldiers, and have
therefore established a camp of from 10.000 to
11,000 men on private and ur.sewered blocks di
rectly to the windward of the most populous
portion of the city: and, whereas the placing
• of from 10.000 to 12.000 soldiers on these city
blocks unnecessarily exposes the soldiers to de
moralizing influences and also menaces their
sanitary welfare and that of the city.
Resolved, that Hon. Russell A. Alger, Secre
tary, of War, be and hereby is earnestly re
quested to take steps looking to the creation
of a proper water supply for the Presidio mili
tary reservation and for the proper sewering
of the military reservation with a view to put
ting It In position to accommodate the thou
sands of soldiers now - camping on private
grounds, and the thousands who will necessar
ily be concentrated here from this time for
ward. . .
The resolution will be sent on to the
War Department as quickly as possible,
and the Supervisors hope that there will
bo an end of camps in the heart of the
city before-long.
An order to grade Bosworth, Milton
and Currier streets between Mission
road and the Mission Park and Zoo Tract
was finally passed. The -streets men
tioned run through the vegetable gar
den district, and in some places are as
tnucb. as forty feet below grade. It will
fey* * great deal of money, to raise,- the
Grant this application and the expenses
*?, , tax PPayersP a yers will be reduced. You raise
JjSJ'Xt annually. If this is lessened one
tmra or one-fourth it saves the taxpayers
that. It will bring no more people here
than now congregate here. You say rac
ing is not detrimental. AVhere comes the
Injury in accepting three or four hundred
dollars from another. We do not desire
to be treated other than any one else. We
submit that you must do one thing or the
other. Repeal the ordinance now on your
books and stop racing, or pass this ordi
nance and give the third of your popula
tion a show."
A slight applause started, but was stop
pod by a heavy rap of Ch.->'-man Christie's
gavel. The vote stood 4 ayes, 1 absent
(Doyle). Mr. Frick then asked if an ap
plication for a license to run another race
track would be passed. The chair as
sured him that if made in good faith it
would. During a recess an application
was drawn up and presented on reassem
bling. Trustee Emery was the only ono
to vote against rejecting it, and that was
only to get it to the committee.
It was intimated on the side that the
defeated parties would present a petition
to disincorporate and annex to Oakland.
J. Landregan refused to deny the truth
of this, but said:
"That is a hereafter; wait and see."
SHIP OWNERS PROTEST.
Do Not Want the Webster Street
Bridge Rebuilt— The Meat
Schedule.
OAKLAND, June 20.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day received the following
self-explanatory letter:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 15, 1898.
Chairman Board of Supervisors, Alameda
County, Cai.— Sirs: The Board of Supervisors
of Alameda County have applied to the Secre
tary of War for approval of plans for build-
Ing a public drawbridge across the San An
tonio estuary on the extension line of Webster
street, between the cities of Oakland and Ala
meda. Nnmerous vessel owners and others have
protested against the reconstruction of the
bridge at this locality.
"With a view of obtaining: a full hearing of
the merits of the case, you ara notified that a
public hearing will be had before Major W. H.
Heuer, at room 4, Flood building, San Fran
cisco, Cal., at 10 a. m. on July 6, 189 S. when
you will be given an opportunity to be heard
in the matter. As all the papers will be laid
before the Secretary of War for his decision, it
may perhaps most suit your purpose to sub
mit in writing whatever you may wish to pre
sent. Very respectfully, W. H. HEUER.
Major Corps of Engineers, U. S. A_
G. J. Baumgarten petitioned the board
to have the last clause of schedule 7, re
lating to the furnishing of meat to the
County Infirmary, so amended that
butchers in the Interior who do their
own killing could compete with the city
bidders. It relates to the United States
Government inspection tags.
Dr. R. T. Stratum, the resident physi
cian of the Receiving Hospital, was
granted a thirty days' leave of absence.
Takes the Poor Man's Oath.
OAKLAND, June 20.— J. F. Cameron ap
plied for a writ of habeas corpus to-night
to secure his release from the County
Jail. It was made returnable to-morrow
morning. He is confined for failure to
pay his wife $76 for counsel fees, $25 ali
mony and $25 for costs. This order was
made April 19 by Judge Hall. On May 10
he was locked up for contempt in failing
to obey the order. Pie swears that he is
a paupor and has nothing but a half in
terest in a blacksmith shop and his tools,
and that he has no income while not at
work, hence that it is impossible for him
to comply with the order.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, June 20.~Robert Reed, the
victim of the morphine habit who de
sired to be sent to the Insane Asylum,
will be treated in the City Prison. If
he really desires a cure it can be effected
in a month, when he will be released.
The Merchants' Exchange Tunnel Com
mittee have deposit*'! il~<>->. the proceeds
of Tunnel day at the race track, in a sav
ings bank, where it will draw interest. A
systematic canvass for more funds will
soon begin.
J. R. O'Neill, charged with forgery, was
released this afternoon on s2ooo bail bonds,
secured by J. M. O'Neill and C. E. Nich
ols. Four of the jurors who served when
the Jury disagreed were excused from the
panel the day following.
Lord Cyril Athol, alias Henry Outridge,
secured a writ of habeas corpus, returna
ble to-morrow from Judge Ellsworth, to
day. He is in jail, charged with for
gery, which he claims is without reason
able or probable cause.
Some unknown individual fired a revolver
at Richard Gamett, a prominent capital
ist, at his home on Perry and Vernon
streets, Saturday night. He was stand
ing in the door at the time.
W. A. Knowles, who was acquitted of
a charge of perjury by a Jury Saturday,
called at the Sheriff's office to-day and de
manded his photograph, which is in the
rogue's gallery. When refused he went
to his attorney.
Anthony Scltz, a bell boy at the Hotel
Metropole, disappeared suddenly last
week. Since then several of the boarders
have reported sums of money and jew
elry missing. Seitz claimed that his father
mi County Recorder at Deadwood, South
Dakota.
Thomas Burns, who attempted to escape
from the County Jail last week, received
a letter signed "Lou" to-day, in which he
is rebuked for the attempt. She says she
had things "fixed" for him. Two of his
chums are reported sentenced for life.
streets. In the meantime there is on
file in the office of the Supervisors a pe
tition of the Market-street Railway, in
whkh a franchise over Bosworth street
Is fi«ked. As the resolution ordering the
grade has been passed, it will only mean
that the property-owners will have to
put Bosworth street in condition, and
then the railway company will step in
and take possession.
A resolution ordering the payment to
the City Street Improvement Company
of $976 50 for the pavement of Lombard
street between Broderick and Baker
streets was passed to print, and a pro
test against the acceptance of the street
from one of the property-owners was re
ferred to the Street Committee.
Professor Stanton of the Cogswell Col
lege was at the meeting yesterday to put
in a word aginst the removal of the
Cogswell fountain at the junction of
California, Market and Drumm streets.
The merchants in the vicinity want the
fountain removed and to erect in its
place a flagstaiZ for a national flag, but
Professor Stanton and a few others ob
ject At the meeting the professor
stated that he and his class would agree
to repair the fountain and make it a
thing of beauty if the city would only
allow it to stay, and in pursuance of his
request and of that of the other protest
ants the matter was referred to the
Street Committee, despite the fact that
a favorable report had been made
upon it.
Bids for the repairing of accepted
streets for the next two years were re
ceived as follows: City Street Improve
ment Company, $47,770; Flinn & Treacy.
J44000- J. H. Bir.Kham, $30,000; San Fran
cisco raving Company. $32,333; E. Sulli
van $47,000. The bids were referred to
the ' Street Committee.
resolution authorizing Joseph E.
< >onnell, president of the Fourth of
July committee to draw form the gen
eral fund $3000 to defray the expenses of
the committee was passed.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
' Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
■ the street improvement orders passed by
i the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
| session:
RESOLUTION ORDERING BTREET WORK.
Alvarado and Guerrero— Sidewalks.
Clinton Park, from easterly line of Dolores
to a po°nt distant two hundred and five feet
east of said easterly line of Dolores— Pipe
**CUjftOO?" Halght to Page— Curbing, paving.
1 EC iTe rl i n uro et Twenty-third to a point in the
renter line 'of De Haro.- 400 feet northerly from
Twenty-third— Pipe sewer, etc.
Fourteenth and Landers-Curbs, sidewalks
■ and Daving of former opposite Lenders.
1 Westerly line of Fair Oaks, two hundred and
! sixty feet southerly from Twenty-flfth-Curbs
"Fourteenth and Guerrero-Sidewalks
Hardy and Sixteenth, to southerly along
easterly line of same for a distance of one
hundred feet— Same.
Guerrero and Twenty-second— Same.
Lombard. Pierce to Scott-Curbing and pay-
pierce Chestnut to Francisco— Same.
9tp|ner Chestnut to Francisco— fcame.
Westerly half of Ban Jose avenue, opposite
termination of Valley— Paving. .
Sacramento and Walnut-Sldewalka.
- Brosnan. Valencia ito Guerrero— and
sidewalks. • ■ - .•■■''"-■■• .
'"• RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Jones, Jackson to Paclflo— sewer, etc.: .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1898.
QUITS SOCIETY
FOR DAWSON
Oakland's Leader of the
Cotillon Departs.
TEARS FOR WILL RUSSELL
WILL SELL POMADE TO THE
DUDES AT KLONDIKE.
Not Only Brains and Deportment But
Gold Is Necessary to Make
a Success in Society
Nowadays.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 20.
Younger society is lamenting the near
departure of Will J. Russell for Dawson
City. For the past four years Will Rus
sell has filled a large niche In the fash
ionable set on this side of the bay. He
has been popular, and his lithe, willowy
physique has made him absolutely in
dispensable in the cotillon. To-morrow
he sails for the north.
Now he Intends to make money, or
rather to take money, out of the earth
around Dawson. He has some ideas oi
his own which he will carry out in the
pursuit of his object, and he doea not
doubt that he will be successful. For
the past few days Mr. Russell, who is,
without controversy, the Ed Greenway
of Oakland, has been preparing for his
trip. At first many of the bright buds
of the Saturday Night Cotillon would not
accept his determination to leave them
as final, but since he returned from San
Francisco with a bearskin robe and other
Klondike aecouterments, faith is placed
in his ambition to go north.
There is good reason for the lamenta
tions accompanying Mr. Russell's depart
ure. For three years he has been a so
ciety leader. As a climax to his so.-ial
successes he last year organized the Sat
urday Night Cotillou, which was a bril
liant success. He personally led the ger
man, and has probably danced more than
any social aspirant in this county. He is
a born dancer, and has certainly danced
his way into favor. He now realizes that
having left college something more than
brains and the ability to dance is neces
sary to continue successful. He, there
fore, has decided to forego kid gloves,
white neckties, pr.tont leather shoes,
creased pants, plug hats, enormous canes
and occasional diamonds for the rougher
garments necessary in an Arctic climate.
"Once out of Oakland." said Mr. Rus
sell, "then good-by to the ballroom, the
drawing room and Broadway. I am go-
Ing on a practical expedition, and do not
presume that I shall find as much pleas
ure in society in Dawson a-s I have found
in Oakland, but I do expect to find more
money. I am taking with me an assort
ment of pomades, anti-mosquito prepara
tions, perfumery and similar stuffs which
I have procured in large lots, and there
will be no ceremony in the manner in
which I dispose of them. I_ .guess I am
able to stand on a street corner, gather
a crowd and sell my wares for ten times
what they cost me. By this means I
shall make my expenses to the gold mines.
I shall captivate my crowd with the same
recitations and the same sleight-of-hand
tricks that I have used in the Lakeside
district, and the rest will be easy. No,
I shall not announce my engagement until
I return."
Theodore Geir Breaks Two Ribs.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Theodore Geir met
with a serious mishap yesterday which
will lay him up for several weeks. In
company with Max C. Schulze and John
Mortens, ho drove to Mount Diablo. Whilo
climbing on the rocks Mr. Geir's foot
slipped and he fell heavily on his side. Mr.
Schulze took him to his home, Mr. Geir's
family being at their country residence
;:• ;;r I.ivermnre. A physician was called
who pronounced that there were two riba
broken and several bad bruises.
A Corpse Dressed in Blue.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Coroner Baldwin
was notified to-day by the captain of the
steamer Garden City that a corpse was
sighted floating Off the narrow-gauge
mole which he believed to be dressed in
a blue uniform and brass buttons. The
tide was carrying it in a southwesterly
direction.
Government Agents in Disguise.
OAKLAND, June 20.— P. J. Nicolini and
"Baron" William Knapp have returned
from a tour of the Santa Rosa wineries,
where they had a peculiar experience.
Eighteenth avenue south and O street south;
thence westerly along northeasterly line of
Eighteenth avenue sourti S3 l ; feet, to the claim
of the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum; thence
southerly along said claim 42 feet to the north
easterly line of Eighteenth avenue south;
thence northeasterly along said westerly Una
of Eighteenth avenue south produced, 24 feet
to tha point of commencement— Ordered closed
and vacated.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Fifteenth and San Bruno avenue — Pipe sewer,
etc., granite curbs and sidewalks.
Fifteenth, San Bruno avenue to Vermont —
Pipe sev.(>r.
Fifteenth and Vermont — Curbs, sidewalks,
sewering, ttc
Fifteenth, Vermont to Kansas — Plpa sewer,
etc.
Fifteenth and Kansas — Pipe sewer, etc., curbs
and sidewalks.
Kansas, Alameda to Fifteenth — Pipe sewer.
Rhode Island and Alameda — Pipe sewer, etc.,
curbs and sidewalks.
Rhode Island, Alameda to Division, to con
nect with sewer in latter— Sewer.
North avenue, Cortland to Holly Park ave
nues to connect with sewer In Cortland ave
nue—Pipe sewer, etc.
North avenue and Ellert — Culverts, eta
Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to Fair Oaks—Side
walk?.
Frederick and Da Long avenues— Paving,
sidewalks, etc.
Eighth avenue, J to X— Grading, curbing,
sidewalks, etc.
Eleventh avenue, from northerly line of X to
the northerly line of M— Grading, curbing and
sldewalklng.
Army, Noe to Castro — Grading, curbing, pav
ing, pipe sewer, etc.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Rincon place, Harrison to Bryant— Basalt and
bitumen.
Lombard, Broderiok to Baker— Bitumen.
Lombard, iJevlsadero to Broderiek— Same.
Lombard, Scott to Devisadero— Same.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick — Same.
Water, Mason to Taylor— Basalt.
Lombard and Baker— Bitumen.
Page and. Lyon— Same.
Fourteenth and Guerrero— Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Bryant. Sixteenth to Seventeenth — Bitumen.
Twenty-sixth, Mission to Valencia— Sam*.
Kunras, Alameda to Division — Basalt.
Fillmore, Hayes to Fell— Bitumen.
Waller, Central to Masonic avenues — Same.
RESOLUTION OF CONDITIONAL ACCEPT-
ANCE.
Linden avenue, Franklin to Gough— Bitumen.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Jones, Jackson to Pacific— To property owners
for paving.
Gates and Ellsworth, Cortland to Eugenia
avenues— Same for grading.
Page, Broderiok to Raker— Same for paving.
Roach, Filbert to Valparaiso— Same for sew
ering.
PERMISSION GRANTED TO REMOVE OB
STRUCTIONS.
Market, California and Drumm— To property
owners and merchants for removal of an old
fountain.
EXTENSION OF TIME GRANTED.
Lower terrace, Serpentine place to Pluto
street, westerly from Pluto— To L. C. Williams,
sixty days nn his contract for sewering.
Palmer, Randall to Fairmount, Including
southerly and northerly portions of Randall,
"Whitney and Palmer — To same, thirty da>'3
same.
Serpentine place, Templa street to Lower ter
race—To Fred Leffler, thirty days on sewering.
Lower terrace, Pluto street to Serpentine
place— To Daniel O'Day, sixty dnys on grading.
Serpentine place. Lower terrace to Temple
.street— Same.
PETITIONS REFEnnEH.TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Fifteenth, weEterly from Kb present terminus
to Tllden— Property owners for its reopening.
Keamy and Washington— Property owners for
removal of fence surrounding Hall of Justice
building.
Mr. Nicollnl is the Inventor of a machine
for sulphurizing wine barrels. He decid
ed to show It to the wine men while en
joying a pleasure trip. Much to his sur
prise no one would look at it and all
seemed in a hurry to get him off the
place. It now transpires that some one
had started the report that they were
Internal Revenue Department officials in
disguise. That settled It with the wine
men, who did not want a word with
them.
Action by the City Council.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Companies A and
F, of the Fifth Infantry, which are lo
cated in this city, will not enter upon ac
tive service without some equipment. To
night the City Council appropriated $499
for each company.
The ordinance providing: tor a public
park and the ordinance providing a li
cense for beer bottlers were sent back to
the committee. Councilman Pringle caused
some concern by saying that there is a
joker in the bottling ordinance which will
make it possible for saloonkeepers to pay
only $60 per year instead of $400 as at pres
ent.
COLLEGE OF COMMERCE.
A Totally New Department at the
State University.
BERKELEY, June 20.— The academic
senate of the university met this after
noon and decided upon the course of in
struction which the new college of com
merce will offer. In its general Bcope it
Is to afford an opportunity for the scien-
tific study of commerce in all branches
and for the higher education of busi
ness men and officers In the civil serv
ice. The curriculum will take the same
general form as those of the colleges
of general culture, save that one year's
work is to be devoted to some study
bearing directly upon trade and com
merce. Applicants for admission will
take the same examinations prescribed
for matriculation Into the college of so
cial sciences or the college of natural
sciences. For the first two years they
will cover the work of those colleges,
branching off later into politics and
economics or mathematics and the nat
ural sciences.
The degree to be given to the grad
uate of the new college has not yet been
decided upon.
Dr. Carl C. Plehn. instructor in econo
mics and economic history, has been ap
pointed by President Martin J. Kellogg
to the office of acting dean of the new
college.
To Go to Tampa.
BERKELEY, June 20.— Dr. Henry L.
Greenleaf, son of Colonel C. R. Green
leaf of Bancroft way, has received an
appointment as surgeon in the United
States army, and will leave for Wash
ington to-morrow morning. Dr. Green
leaf has been a practicing physician in
Berkeley for some time past. He is ex
pected to join the troops now stationed
at Tampa-
Idaho Volunteers Entertained.
BERKELEY. June 20.— A reception to
the officers and a number of the men of
Company D, Idaho Volunteers, was given
yesterday at the residence of Mrs. W.
\\' Henry on Le Conte avenue. The sol
diers were shown over the campus and
buildings of the university of California
before their return to Camp Merritt. The
guests wore all students from the Idaho
State University.
No More Irrigation.
BERKELEY, June 20.— The Alameda
Water Company will issue a notice to
morrow prohibiting the use of its water
for purpose of irrigation. The notice
reads as follows: •
"The suggestions or Health Officer
Rowell on the water problem made to
the Board of Trustees, and their com
munication tn this company urging us
to take vigorous measures to restrict the
use of water for purposes not directly
necessary for health and cleanliness,
compel us to notify our patron 3 that on
and after date and until furthrr notice
the use of water for Irrigation of grounds
and gardens, washing of walks, etc., is
hereby prohibited."
Letter to a Thief.
ALAMEDA, June 20.— Thomas Burns,
who is waiting triai for the theft of five
watches from Jeweler McKean of this
city, and who tried to escape from jail
last Friday, Is in receipt of a letter from
a woman in San Francisco, signing her
self "Lou." She is apparently an accom
plice of Burns, for she upbraids him for
trying to escape by running away, and
Fays that she had things all llxed for
clearing him on his trial.
Alameda Nevs Items.
ALAMEDA, June 20.— The friends of Dr.
Pardee will have a quiet gathering on
Thursday evening for the purpose of dis
cussing the campaign and agreeing on
some plan of action for the purpose of
securing for him the gubernatorial nomi
nation.
The Board of City Trustees will meet
this evening and will discuss the Web
ster street franchise matter and perhaps
the garbage crematory proposition.
The Christian Endeavor Society and the
congregation of the First Presbyterian
church will entertain a thousand of the
soldiers at Camp Merritt to-morrow.
Company A of the Boys' Brigade will
camp for a week at' Ben Lomond.
Masonic avenue, Hayes to Fell — J. J. Dow
ling:, for an extension of sixty days on his con
tract to p.ive and grade.
Oolden Gate and Lyon— Property owners for
paving by private contract.
Shotwell, Twenty-sixth to Precita avenue-
Property owners for grading.
Treat avenue. Twenty-sixth to Precita ave
nue — Same for grading and sewering.
Twenty-sixth, York to Hampshire— Same.
Twenty-sixth, Potrero to San Bruno avenue —
Same.
Tu-enty-slxth, Hampshire to Potrero avenue-
Same.
Twenty-sixth, Bryant to York— Same.
Howard, Twenty-sixth to Preclta avenue-
Same.
Capp, Twenty-sixth to Precita avenue— Same.
Fifteenth, westerly from Its present terminus
to Tilden — Property owners for Its opening.
McAllister and Flllmore— Property owners for
erection of electric light.
Geary and Kearn> — M. H. de Young for the
removal of turn-table.
Brosnan, Valencia to Guerrero — Property
owners for paving.
Division, Kansas, Eighth and Townaend—
Same. •
Hyde, Filbert to Union— Same.
Harwood place, Filbert southerly, between
Kearny and Dupont— Same.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Lower terrace, Serpentine avenue to Pluto
street — Property owners against grading.
Golden Gate avenue, Baker to Lyon — Property
owners against paving.
Lombard, Baker to Broderlck— Sarah A. De
witt against the acceptance of paving.
J, from easterly line of Eighth avenue to
westerly line of Tenth — Property owners
against grading.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE- ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
For the district bounded by Cortland, Cres
cent, San Bruno and Andover avenues— Work
of establishing a sewerage system referred to
City Engineer. . •
Jones, Jackson to Pacific— ln favor of bitu
minous rock, providing that fourteen feet of
the width of the middle of the street be paved
with" bneault blocks.
■ Market, California i and Drumm streets— ln
favor of removing fountain. ;
Serpentine place. Temple to Lower terrace-
Fred Let fler, given thirty days' • time on con
tract for sewering.
Fourteenth avenue, H to I— ln favor of grad
ing, sewering.etc.
Bernal Park— ln favor of grading:.
Spruce, Sacramento to California— Property
owners may lay sidewalks. :
Lower terrace, Pluto street to Serpentine
place — In favor of construction of sewer. :
Serpentine place, Lower terrace to Temple
street — - : ;
Pago, : Bro<ierlck to \ Baker— Property : owners
may pave.
t Roach, Filbert to Valparaiso— ln favor of
constructing sewer. •-..-.■
Gates and Ellsworth, Cortland to Eugenia
avenues— ln favor :of grading, sewering, etc.
- Fifteenth avenue south, P. to Q south—
Against paving.
Other petitions and protests reported' on ad
versely or filed.-:" ■ "
Fire Scare on Twelfth Street.
■OAKLAND, June 20.— The Fire Depart
ment was called out shortly after mid
night for a basement fire in the paint
and paper house of L. N. Cohbledlck on
Twelfth street, between Franklin and
Broadway. Officer Clark prevented what
would have resulted in a serious coi fla
gration by discovering the smoke coming
up through the sidewalk d»or. No flam
a«e was done other than the. breaking of
two locks. The fire was the result of
spontaneous combustion and the burn
ing material was carried nut and the
blaze quenched on the pavement.
General Xirkhani Mansion Sold.
OAKLAND, June 20.— The sale of the old
General Kirkham homestead for $7250 by
Referee A. H. Breed to Dr. P. L. Wheeler,
A STORY FOR
THE MARINES
Two Men Who Wanted
Free Rations.
PITY FOR A POOR DESERTER
A BUSE, AIDED BY UNIFORM,
THAT WORKED WELL.
Drinks and Meals Were Heartily
Given by the Generous to the
Poor Fellow Supposed to Be
in Custody.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June *20.
Two Individuals whose wits are certain
ly of a high order are working this side
of the bay between Port Costa and Oak
land greatly to their own benefit.
One of these gentlemen wears the garb
of a marine, and the other wears ordi
nary citizen's clothes. A few days ago
they entered an office at Pinole and ask
ed to be connected with Mare Island by
telephone, to make a report about a de
sertion. The connection was denied them
so they took a walk around town. The
marine appeared to be dragging his com
panion in a forcible manner whenever
they approached anybody, but when no
one was looking the two appeared to be
on very intimate terms. They went into
Mr. Boyd's blacksmith shop and as Boyd
is a Deputy Sheriff he always has hand
cuffs handy. The marine told Mr. Boyd
that he had a deserter and begged the
loan of a pair of handcuffs. The de
serter and the marine then proceeded to
take in the town. With his prisoner in
irons the marine led him into various sa
loons, and as he told pitiful tales of how
a deserter would be surely put to death
for his crime, glass after glass of foam-
Ing beverage was placed before them.
After drinking all they could the ma
rine and the deserter went into Mrs.
Lennard's section-house dining-room and
ate two heavy meals, no one dreaming
of suggesting that a marine and a de
serter should pay for anything, and the
couple marched off.
They next went to the editorial sanc
tum of the gentleman who publishes the
Pinole Times, but there they struck a
snag. Their story of the horrible death
awaiting the deserter did not take, and
that Pinole editor suggested that they get
out of town on the double. They were
last seen on board the train going to
ward Oakland and the deserter was still
handcuffed, but no one believes that the
marine "and his deserter" were anything
more than two lively beats.
HOME OF TRUTH.
It Secures One of the Handsomest
Houses in Alameda.
ALAMEDA, June 20.— The Home of
Truth in this city will, on the Ist of Jnly,
take possession of the well-known Bar
ton home, on the corner of Broadway and
Central avenue, the property of the well
known salt capitalist. Thi* is one of the
costliest and hanusomest places in this
city. This "home" is a gathering of peo
ple without capital and without organi
zation, who hold religious services fre
quently, to which the entire public is free
ly invited. They also cure disease by sug
gestion, and depend entirely upon volun
tary contributions for their support. They
began work in this city in a very hum
ble way, occupying iirst a couple of
rooms, then a cottage, and now the most
commodious house in the city.
.■ m «
Lewis-Hussey Wedding.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Dr. P. W. Lewis
of Portland, Or., and Miss Abbie Mabel
Ilussey of this city were unitt-d in mar
riage this evening at 9 o'clock at the resi
dence of the bride's parents. 5G6 Twenty
fourth street, Rev. E. R. Dllle officiating.
Dr. Lewis is the son of Dr. and Mrs. Wal
ter F. Lewis of this city. The bride is the
eldest daughter of ex-Sheriff W. H. H.
Hussey, and Is one of the most popular el
ocutionists on this side of the bay. She
Is quite a musician besides. Only the im
mediate members of the contracting par
ties' families were present. To-day was
the thirty-second anniversary of the
groom's parents' wedding, which took
place in Ohio. Dr. and Mrs. Lewis will
spend their honeymoon in the Santa Cruz
Mountains, after which they will reside
in Portland.
one of the heirs, was confirmed by Judee
Greene to-day. The part sold includes the
noted old family residence, built thirty
eight years ago at a cost of $50,000. When
completed in IS6I it was the finest family
residence in California.
FOURTH OF JULY
IN SAN FRANCISCO
THE GREAT FEATURE WILL BE
THE PARADE.
There Will Be About Eight Thousand
United States Soldiers in the
Procession.
The Fourth of July committee, whose
headquarters are In the California Hotel,
is busily engaged In perfecting arrange
ments for the celebration of Indepen
dence day. At a meeting of the execu
tive committee It was decided to hold the
literary exercises in Metropolitan Temple.
Grand Marshal Alfred A. Borllnl will in
troduce the president, Joseph E. O'Don
nell, who will deliver an address^ which
will be followed by the singing of "The
Star-spangled Banner" by Miss Merrill of
the Tivoli.' The orator of the day will be
John J. Barrett. W. W. P^lnnie will sing
a solo entitled "On to Spain," and the
Declaration of Independence will be read
by Julius Kahn. The programme will
conclude with the singing of the "Red
White and Blue" by Miss Daisy Mac-
Keane. In addition to the above features
the, committee intends to secure the ser
vices of some well-known quartet of sing
ers. "The Fourth of July poet" will not
be called upon this year.
The principal feature of the parade will
be the military, as it is expected to have
between seven and eight thousand troops
in line. The line of march has not been
finally determined, but in all probability
it will be down Montgomery street,
thence on Montgomery avenue, thence on
Kearny to Market, and Market to "Van
Ness avenue. It Is claimed by the com
mittee that this celebration will excel any
previous display of the kind ever seen in
San Francisco. Several novelties are in
contemplation which, if successfully pro
duced, will prove great attractions.
The Board of Supervisors has appro
priated $2(XK) for the celebration and the
committee proposes to keep the expense
within this limit and not to call for any
contributions. The heaviest item of ex
pense will be the music, owing to the
presence of so many military organiza
tions.
As to decorations the merchants will ho
requested to use for that purpose the
money which they have hitherto spent
with the committee. It is believed that
in this way more elaborate decorations
will be made than have ever been seen
in San Francisco on any similar occasion.
A circular embodying the above sugges
tion will be sent to the members of the
Stock Exchange, the Produce Exchange,
the Merchants' Exchange, Board of
Trade and other business bodies.
The coming celebration will be marked
by the greatest enthusiasm — greater by
far than has characterized the national
holiday for many a year— owing to the
war with Spain, which has awakened the
spirit of patriotism throughout the entire
land.
Auction Sales
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
31-33 SUTTER STREET.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY JUNE 21, 189S
At 11 o'clock a. m.
We Will Sell, In Our Salesrooms, by Order of
Mr. Louis J. Cheveller, on Account of Depart-
ure for Europe, His
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE
Comprising In Part:
One Fine Upright Pianoforte; Antique Savon-
arola Italian Chairs; Roman Chairs, hand-
carved; Solid Mahogany French Desks; Mahog-
any Frame Salon Suits, upholstered in tapestry;
Solid Mahogany Library Suit, with Cabinet to
match; Venetian Hand-Carved Chairs; French
and German Walnut Tables. Chairs and Desks;
Gold Frame Parlor Suit, elegantly upholstered;
Louis XIV Chairs and Cabinet?; vends Martin
Tea Tables and Chairs; Louis XVI Cabinets
and Tables; Cheval Mirrors; Colonial Chairs;
Lounges; Easy Chairs; Pedestals; Dining
Tables; Slffeboards; Dining and Bedroom
Chairs; Elegant Rrlc-a-Brac; Mantel Mirrors;
Easels; Line Engravings and Ktchingß, and a
Large Variety of Elegant Goods too Numerous
to Mention.
NOTE— The Above Goods Are Very Elegant
and a Large IW'aJority of Them Were Pur-
chased by the Owner in Europe.
The Goods Will Be on Exhibition Monday
and to Them We Invite the Attention of Buy-
ers. EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Suiter street.
A SYNOPSIS OF
THE REVENUE TAX
SOMETHING FOR BUSINESS MEN
TO KEEP.
Bailway Car Tickets, Documents and
Instruments of All Kinds Must
Help Pay War Expenses.
Internal Revenue Collector Liynch yes
terday received a letter giving a synop
sis of the principal additiuiis and changes
made in the revenue law by the act of
June IS, 189 S. The following Is the
synopsis:
An additional tax of Jl per barrel Is imposed
on fermented liquors, the lnafcased rate to take
effect the day succeeding me passage of the
act.
Brewers are allowed 71,47 1 ,4 per cent discount on
Stamps purchased..
The additional tax on fermented liquors
stored in warehouses, already stamped, is to
be asse&ed.
Special taxes after July 1 are imposed as fol
lows :
I— Bankers, graduated $ M
2— Brokers 60
3— Pawnbrokers -') .
4 — Commercial brokers 20 |
s— Custom r..!u»i- tiV. k-rs 1"
6— Proprietors of theaters, c-tc 11111I 1111
7 — Proprietors of circuses l'»J
X— Proprietors of shows for money 10 |
if — Proprietors of bowling; alleys and bil
liard rooms for each alley or table 5
10— Dealers in leaf tobacco, graduated,
minimum 6 I
11 — Dealers in tobacco whose sales exceed
pounds 12
12 — Manufacturers of tobacco, graduated,
minimum C
13 — Manufacturers of cigars, graded, mini
mum I
14 — Manufacturers and packers of mixed
flour 12
The latter tax is not imposed until sixty days
after passage of the act, that is, August 12,
:- v All persons engaged in the busim-.-.; on
that date are required to make returns before
the end of August and p;iy the special tax
reckoned from August 1, ISS3, to the first day
of July following.
TOBACCO AND SNUFF.
An additional tax of 6 cents per pound is im
posed on tobacco and snuff.
On cigars and cigarettes weighing more than
three pounds per 1000 an additional tax of 60
cents per 1000 is imposed.
On cigarettes weighing not more than three
pounds per lono an additional tax of 50 cents \
per 1000 is impose. 1.
A one-ounce package of smoking tobacco is
authorized ; and one and two-third ounce, two
and one-half ounce and three and one-third
ounce packages of tobacco and snuff are au
thorized, in lieu of two, three and four ounce
packages.
The increased rates take effect on the day
next succeeding the passage of the act, that is,
June 14, 1898.
Dealers having a stock on hand, in excess of
1000 pounds of tobacco, or 20,000 cigars or cigar
ettes, stamps affixed subsequent to April 14, at
old rate, must make returns to Collectors with
in thirty days after passage of act. for assess
ment of tax prp.ial to one-half difference be
tween tax already paid at time of removal
from factory and new rate. The excess on
hand cnly is to be returned and the tax will
be assessed on the excess which will be paid
to Collectors after notice. No additional stamps
are to be affixed to such stock on hand.
Stamp duties to take effect July 1. IS9B.
Schedule A— Documents and instruments,
pTssagi* tickets, telegraph dispatches Insu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HURRAH
FOR THE
GLORIOUS
FOURTH
FIREWORKS
AND FLAGS!
Boxes of Fireworks for Home Display
UnXld Case No, $1.00.
1 Dewey Salute, 1 Sampson Surprise, 1 Schley
Cracker . Jack, 1 Columbia j Bomb, 6 Packages
Crackers, 1 Volcano, 1 Package Torpedoes, 1
Triangle Wheel, 1 Vesuvius, 2 Ruby Lights, 1
6 2-Eall Candles, 3 3-Ball Candles. 3 4-Ball
Candles. 1 No. 1 Star Mine, 1 No. 2 Star Mine.
1 Whistle Bomb, 2 Yellow Jackets, 6 Large
Pin Wheels, 1 Catherine Wheel, 6 Blue Lights, j
6 3-Inch Serpents, 1 Flower Pot. 1 Box Red
Fire, 1 Cap Pistol, 12 Boxes Caps, 30 Red Head 3,
7 Pieces Punk.
UnX!d Case No. 3-62.50.
6 3-Ball Candles, 6 '-nail Candles. 3 6-Ball
Candles. 3 8- Hull Candles. 1 Large Schley
Crackerjack, 1 Mount Vesuvius. 1 No. 2 Star
Mine. 1 No. 3 Star Mine. 1 No. 4 Star Mine,
6 Extra Large Pin Wheels, 2 Catherine Wheels.
3 Whistling Bombs. 1 Whistling Devil, 2 Large
Volcanoes. 1 8-Inch Vertical Wheel. 50 Red
Heads, 1 Package Pistol Crackers, 1 Japanese
Acrobat, 3 Ruby Lights, 6 Blue Lights, 1 No. 2
Dewey Battery, 1 Sampson Surprise Box, 1
Triangle Wheel. 3 4-inch Flower Pots. 1 6-inch
Flower Pot, 10 Packages Fire Crackers, 1 Elec- i
trie Flower, 1 Box Torpedoes, 10 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 4— 55.00.
Exhibition Assortment.
12 Colored Candles, large, 6-star; 6 Exhibition
Candles, S-star; 3 Exhibition Candles, 10-star;
3 Colored Star Rocket' 4 oz.; 4 Colored Star
Rockets, 8 oz.; 1 Colored China Flyer, large;
1 Colored Vertical Wheel, 8-inch: 1 Bengal
Light, U-lb. ; 1 Colored Triangle Wheel, >/*-lb.;
1 Colored Triangle Wheel, %-lb. ; 1 Mine of Col-
ored Stars, No. 4; 1 Mine of Colored Stars, No.
5; 3 Colored Flower Pots, 6-inch; 1 Colored
Rosette, extra: ' 2 Colored Geysers, small; 2
ti-lb. Cans Re.l Fire; 1 ] i-lb. Can Green Fire;
1 1,-lb. Can White Fire; 1 %-lb. Can Blue Fire;
1 Electric Flower: 1 Jeweled Jet: 1 Mount Ve-
suvius; 1 Japanese Acrobat: 1 Bundle Punk.
GOLD CHOP CRACKERS ...... .2 pkscs. for 5c
SHOO FLY ....3 pkss. for 10c
EXTRA LOUD be per pkK.
EXTRA, NO. 1. 5C5 C
PISTOL CRACKERS 10c
A Box of Fireworks Given Free With Boys' Suits.
THE UNXLD STORES
BRIGDEN, TURNEY & BATKIN, Proprietors,
616 to 620 Kear-ny St., Cor. Commercial.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JWflF^iM 625 KE Y NT. Established
ran *^^ In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Ml i J>i. 'JMf Diseases, Lost Manhood. | Debility or
BBhB&mME diseas'.' wearing on bodyand mind and
1 ttSMRn^B s! - ln Diseases. i'hedoctorcureswheu
> t*lWi:i.^?fV(itliersfai!. Try him. Charges low.
TMxSaSEHI *'nre«tTuarantr<!'<!. Call orwrlte.
. Dr. J. *'. UIBUON. Box. 1997, Sao Francisco.
IMPORTANT PUBLIC NOTICE.
Great Auction Sale
BY CATALOGUE, OF
VALUABLE BOOKS.
GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
The Immense Library of the Inde-
pendent Order of Odd Fellows, to
Be Sold at Auction by Order of
the Board of Trustees of the Li-
brary Association of the 1. 0. 0. P.
I WILL SELL
At public auction at the Association Rooms,
oor. Market and Seventh sts.. their entire mag-
nificent library, comprising upward of 15,000
volume* standard works, embracing every
branch of literature, science, art, history, bi-
ography, belles lettres, travel, poetry, ro-
tnance, valuable illustrated bloke. bound Jour-
nals and magazines. London Art Journal from
1849 to 1882, San Francisco Bulletin from first
issue in 18S6 to ISS4. complete set of San Fran-
cisco directories, set Gentlemen' ■ Magazine
(Londr.n) from lT'l to 1W: description of Egypt
In French, published by rrW Napoleon, 25
volumes text, 11 volumes plates: Russell
I Naval Architecture. 3 volumes, with all
the great variety of rare books contained In
this valuable collection.
PALE WIIJ. COMMENCE
MONDAY, JUNE 27th INST.,
At 2 o"clock p. m. and at 7:30 p. m..
To continue daily a' the same hour and plac«
until the entire library is disposed of.
Catalogues can be obtained at the Associa-
tion rooms, coiner Market and Seventh sts.,
Friday. Juno 2 : . from 9a. m. till 4p. m.
GEORGE F. LAMSON Auctioneer.
ance policies, etc., returns to be made monthly
of telephone messages costing 15 cents or more.
Schedule I<— Proprietary articles, ■ chewing:
gum, wines, etc.
Stamp tax on seats in parlor cr palace cars,
and tickets in sleeping cars.
Gross receipts of persons, firms, companies
and corporations engaged in refining petroleum
and sugar, or owning or controlling any pipe
line for transporting oil or other products in
excess of $250, C00.
A tax of one-fourth of 1 per cent ! annually
is Imposed which takes effect the day succeed
ing passage of the act. Returns are to be made
monthly.
A tax is imposed on legacies, passing after
passage of the act, exceeding $10,000 and not
exceeding $25,000 in value.
' Rates vary according to consanguinity from
75 cents for each $100 to $5 for each $1000 in
value. Above $25,000 the rates Increase. When
the value of the property exceeds $1,000,000
rates are multiplied by three. Executors, ad
ministrators and trustees are required to ren
der a list to Collectors on a prescribed form.
The provisions of the act relative to mixed
flour t..k. effect sixty days after passage of act,
or August 12, IS9S.
On barrels or other package? not to exceed
196 pounds, "the tax is 4 cents per barrel; 2
cents per half barrel; 1 cent per quarter barrel;
% cent per one-eighth barrel or less.
Look Out for the Train.
A judgment by the Superior Court of
Placer County was reversed by the Su
preme Court yesterday. It was in a case
where T. L. Herbert sued the Southern
Pacific Company for personal damages.
Herbert was run into and badly injured
by a train near Penryn. A verdict
awarded him $5000 damages, and the rail
road people appealed. The judgment was
reversed, the higher court holding that
the plaintiff well knew the time trains
were accustomed to pass the point at
which he was injured, and his being in the
way was contributory negligence. The Su
preme Court states that a steam railroad
track of itself is a Bigs of danger and
one should inform himself if it Is saf» to
cross the track before making the at
tempt.
OCEAK TBAITfiLL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
v,. Steamers leave Broadway
v?";.^^^ wharf, San Francisco.
nKvCHfe. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
isipafete june 5 - 10 - 15 - 2 °- 25 - °' Jul ? 6 «
i £;*. ■BJ'tißa transfer at Seattle.
t^aSEl 'gRI For Alaskan ports- (from
HKJSCjg*'(v!Sl! Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
1 r^^^fiM 3 , June 5. 26. July 17, August 4.
-;'• - 25. transfer at Portland, Or.
■ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Ankcortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m June 5. 10. 15, 20. 25, 30, July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this eomDany's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry . at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For C Eurekl "(Humboldt Bay). 19 a. m..
June :. 7, 13. 19, 25. July 1. and every sixth
BFor8 For C Eanta Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Ca-v'-os. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Rueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2. 6 10, 14, 18, 22. 26, 10.
July 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), v
B~m.. June 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 24, 23. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., June 17.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change .
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
aP ,1 hours nt Failing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace l Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
• 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Including Bertß
rflnL S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia '. June 5. 14. »
State of California June 8. 17. M
Oregon June 11, 20, 29
St. Paul $16 001 St. Louis $33 to
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago ...27 80
Omaha 26 001 New York ........ SIM
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
— ' ~r^ : : : :: .. .
fi|p3BB£ll!r Tne vla Konolulu and
ElBHll^ails via Honolulu and
•fwl lrßa *"*Auckland for Sydney
y~^ — -^ Wednesday. July IS, at
S^mCnin J The sailing for Hono-
G)lUilllJlll r ' 1 - lulu June 23 Is can-
/fkfnßflnU*celed.
VSilllf'yitsr Line to COOLGAR-
DIE, Australia, and . CAPE TOWN, South
Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery; st.
Freight office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 Nortt jmj^
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers
by this line avoid both transit by>^*"»«a»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $180;
second class. $110. : .
LA BRETAGNE June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE July 2, 10 a. ni.
LA T0URA1NE. ............ ......Ju1y 9. 10 a. m.
LA N0KMAND1E.. .......... ...Ju1y 16, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE..... July 23. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
_ _ _
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck... '.June 30, A. Victoria August 11
F. Bismarck.... July 2S.F. Bismarck.. August 23
TY»IN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT. ,
Pennsylvania... June 25|Pretoria.....'.:...July 1? r 9
Pa1atia...........Ju1y 2JPatria..........;..Ju1y 18
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. "*-■
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast*
401 California st., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOB U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ,'.'*AlonUcello." ,
Mon., Tues ':,- Wed . Thurs. and 5at;....;.'. "~i '"\
9:45 a. m. 3:15 p. m. <S:3O p. m. ex. Thiiro
Fridays ;......... .....l p. m. and 8:30 p. m*
Eundays ..................10:30 a. m. and I p. ' nil
:L«odine and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier |T^
Telephone Red VAX. __ „ c
BMMMHBHMH ~"
910
SHIPS FOR THE
SOUTH SEAS
Auxiliary Schooner for
the Caroline Trade.
STEAMERS ARE TO FOLLOW.
A RUSH TO THE PHILIPPINES
IN PROSPECT.
Captain Moore and the Schooner Free
Trade That Went in Search of
an Island of Gold Heard
From Again.
When the war is over there will be a
big fleet of vessels put in the trade be
tween San Francisco and the Carolines
and Philippines should the stars and
stripes continue to fly over the southern
islands. There will never be a day in
THE ISLES OF THE SEAS.
A new auxiliary schooner is now being built here for the Caroline
Island trade. She is the forerunner of a big fleet of American vessels
that will engage in the Caroline and Philippine Island trade when the
war is over. ,
the year but what some vessel flying the
American flag will enter Jakiit and Ma
nila and the commerce of those isles of
the sea will grow by leaps and bounds.
At the present time Matthew Turner is
building a smart auxiliary schooner for
the Caroline trade. She will be 95 feet
long, 24 feet beam and 9 feet deep. She
will be fitted with a 50-horsepower kero
sene engine by the Union Gas En
gine Company and she is expect
ed to make nine or ten knots an
hour without the use of her sails.
The intention is to use 150 test
kerosene, as that grade of oil can be ob
talned in any part of the world, while
gasoline and low-grade oils cannot. It
will cost more money to run the vessel
on 150 grade kerosene, but then it is ab
solutely safe and the underwriters will
take a risk on the vessel.
The new 6chooiier lias been built to the !
order of Wilkins & Co. and is to be railed j
the Isles of the Sea. She is intended for
the inter-island trade in the Caroline
group and will serve as one of many
feeders to a line of ocean steamers that
Is to be put on the route. The Isles of the
Sea will bo rigged like a steam schooner
and will carry Quite a spread of canvas.
Great care is being exercised in the build
ing of the 'null and machinery.
The timeballs on the new ferry depot
and Telegraph Hill did not drop at noon
yesterday. Crowds of people stood along
the front with watches in hand gazing
skyward, but the balls did not fall. Some
of the captains and mates thought that |
their timepieces were wrong and won
dered what had happened. As minute
after minute passed and still the signals
did not drop they came to the conclu
sion that the fault was with the navy
yard observatory. At twelve minutes past
12 the ball on the ferry depot building
began to drop inch by inch, us though it
were ashamed of itself, and while the on
lookers were watching it the ball on Tel
egraph Hill fell with a rush. There was
Bomethlng the matter .with the electric
appliances.
On March 30 the schooner Free Trade
sailed from San FTancisco with a party :
of Englishmen aboard in search of an !
"island of gold." On April 12 the schoon
er Altair, fitted out by A. P. Hotaling and
others, followed the Free Trade on the
same mission. Captain Moore was in
command of the Free Trade and Captain
Gordon Moore's fonrw-r mate, was cap
tain of the Altair. According to the Eng
lishmen who went up on the Free Trade
the whole affair was a swindle and the
"island of gold" existed only in the im
agination of the two captains. At Kar- j
luk they wc-re put ashore and when they
objected the men on the Altair joined is- j
sues with Moore and carried the day.
Since then J. Talbot Wataon and H.
Fradgely have reached San tranclsco
poorer but wiser men.
In the meantime the Free Tade has j
made her way to, Netarts Hay. on the
Oregon coast, while the Altair has not
yet been heard from. In his report of the
wildgoose chase, Captain Moore wrote
in his log: "Monday, May 6— A. Fradge
ly the freight clerk, presents a revol
ver at the captain's head and threatened
to blow out his brains if he did not put
the ship under sail for sea instead of
making for the nearest port. The next
day the purser, J. Talbot Watson, and the
boatswain joined Fradgely in the at
tempt to make him put to sea. and there
was a repetition of the gun play. Ar
riving at I'kak Bay, Alaska, the follow
ing day, the mate and supercargo Joinea
the mutineers and deserted, taking all
the captain's effects with them. When.
Moore ordered the vessel under way seven
more of the cr<-w deserted. By signals
of distress the assistance of the schooner
Altair was enlisted and the crew forced
to obey orders. Captain Moore put to sea.
but was compelled by the crew to sail for
the Columbia River. After a dangerous
voyage, during which the crew repeatedly
threatened mutiny, the schooner arrived
at Netarts Bay. through the ignorance of
some of the sailors who had assumed
temporary command of the ship."
If ever Captain Moore re.iches San
Francisco he will receive a warm recep
tion. J. Tnlbot Watson, the Free Trade's
purser, and H. Fradgely. freight clerk,
will prosecute him for piracy. Messrs.
Watson arid Fradgely are out about
$10,000 on the "Island of Gold" venture.
The overdue schooner Alton has been
heard from. She was so long making
the run from Yakutat to tho Sound that
she was almost given up for lost. Yes
terday she was spoken in the Straits of
Juan de Fuca. and probably reached Ta
coma last night.
The steamer Humboldt got away for St.
Michaels yesterday. She did not have
many passengers or much freight, but
expects to secure a full load at Seattle.
The old crew of the Mail steamer Now
port was transfered to the quarantine
station yesterday and a new crew brought
the vessel to the Mail dock. As soon as
her cargo has been discharged the New
port will be turned into a Manila trans
port.
Frank Wolters, a butcher, jumped off
the ferry boat Piedmont on the 6:30 a, m.
trip yesterday. A boat was lowered and j
he was rescued. He was taken to Oak- ■
land and locked up on a charge of j
"drunk."
The gasoline fishing launch Klondike :
caught fire yesterday, and tho crew sent- j
tlea her In "order to .save tho boat She I
will be raised to-day and a coat of paint
ajid an overhauling will make her as
good as new.
SOUTH TO THE OCEAN.
The New Line of Electric Cars on H
Street Will Run To-Morrow.
A trial start of the electric cars on H
street, south of the park, will be made
to-morrow from Stanyan street to the
ocean beach. This line is over the same
route formerly covered by the steam
dummy service which had Its terminus
at the eastern end of the Golden Gate
Park, with the difference that instead of
turning In off Stanyan street and round
ing the southeast corner of the park the
present line runs straight along H street
to Stanyan. where it connects with the
Oak and Kilia streets service, as also
with all of the Market-street Company's
electric lines running into the park and
the western section of the city.
The work done on this new branch was
performed over the roadway already
made for the steam line. Yet an en
tirely new bed, ties and rails, wero laid
along the entire roadway, fully equipped
for a permanent service. The construc
tion of the poles differs from what the
company has heretofore set up on its
other lines, in that there is but one
string of upright poles set. This string
is located in the center of the roadway,
with arms extending to which the trol
ley wires are attached.
The work of placing the trolley wires
in position was commenced on Sunday
at the western or ocean end of the line,
and worked inward to Stanyan street,
where the necessary connections with
the power-house will be completed some
time to-day, and by to-morrow the first
car will be sent over the line.
ror the present the old omnibus cars
which did service on the Howard-street
line have been transformed and fitted
up with the necessary batteries for
every-day service on this line, but on
Sundays and other festive occasions the
large cars that trailed arter the steam
dummies will be used. The lettering on
the cars will indicate the section of the
city fur which they are intended to do
service. It will read thus "From Stan
yan street to the Cliff, via Xinth and
Fourteenth avenues."
The opening of this line, together with
other improvements in the Sunset Valley,
will be hailed with much pleasure. So
jubilant are the residents over the af
fair that on the night of July 5 a big
demonstration will be made by the im
provement club of the district. By
that time the much sought for sewer will
be finished and the Spring Valley Water
Company will have Its main laid from
its supply source into the center of the
district, thus retiring for all time to
come the man with the bucket and
water cart, who has been a rescuing an
gel to the people for a number of years.
And as a final touch the Supervisors
have promised to light up the valley for
the next fiscal year.
WANT A WHOLE
HOUR FOR LUNCH.
WHOLESALERS TO CLOSE SHOP
FROM 12 TO 1.
A Movement on Foot Among Mer
chants to Give Their Employes
a Uniform Lunch Hour.
The managers of many of the large
wholesale houses of the city are trying
to establish a definite hour for their em
ployes. It is proposed to ask the whole
salers to agree to close their places of
business each day from 12 to 1 and allow
every one in their employ the hour for
lunch. The system now In vogue is to
let the clerks and other employes go to
their lunches in relays. In most of the
large houses the first relay goes to lunch
at 11 o'clock and generally it is well on
into the afternoon before the last of the
clerks get a chance to get away from
their work for the midday meal. The
managers of the houses say that the
working forces of the stores are demor
alized for at least say three hours each
day on account <>f the lunch hour sys
tem now in vogue. With the proposed
system the stores would be closed for an
hour every day, but during business
hours all hands would be ready for ser
vice, making less friction in the transac
tion of business and give greater atten
tion to customers.
For the past year Schilling & Co. have
closed the doors of Its place of business
from 12 to 1, and the plan has given the
most satisfactory results. Many of the
wholesalers of Eastern cities nave for
years been giving their employes a stated
hour for lunch and the plan has given
good results to them.
Many of the local merchants have
signed a call for a meeting of the Board
of Trade, at which it Is proposed to In
duce the wholesalers to agree on closing
their stores at the noon hour. Sanford
Bennett, secretary of the Dunham, Car
rigan & Haydcn Company, is taking
the initiative In the local movement.
■ m ■
Travelers on the Bay.
The members of the San Francisco Com
mercial Travelers' Association, with their
families and a few friends, enjoyed an
excursion on the bay on Sunday. The
steamer Grace Barton was engaged for
the occasion and a most enjoyable time
was spent. Alcatraz and Angel islands,
California City and San Quentin were
visited. At the latter place the picnickers
were serenaded by the prison band. Lunch
v;is served at McNears Landing, and on
the return trip the Union Iron Works and
South San Francisco were visited.
■■ m m
In the Divorce Courts.
Mrs. Lenore Taylor was granted a di
vorce from her husband, W. B. Taylor,
an assayer, by Judge Ilebbard, yester
day, on the ground of failure to provide.
Alimony in the sum of $30 a month and
the custody of two minor children were
awarded the plaintiff. Sarah A. Crowley
was granted a divorce from Charles
Crowley on the ground of willful neglect.
Delia M. Glover applied for a divorce
from her husband, Percy C. Glover. As
a cause for action the plaintiff alleges
failure to provide.
Can Our Coast Be Effectually
Blockaded?
If confidence enn be felt in the opinion of
military and naval officers In high places at
the B<»at of frovemment. such In the vast ex
tent of our tea. coast to blockade it effectually,
even If our navy and sea coast defenses could
offer no adequate resistance, seems to be Im
possible. When a blockade of the bowels ex
ists, relieve constipation with Hosletter's
Stomach Bitters, which conquers dyspepsia,
malaria, rheumatism and kidney trouble.
THE SAN FTCANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 21, 1898
CHEWED THE
DOCTOR'S ARM
A Union Mission Army
"Major's" Appetite.
A. W. MOORE A CANNIBAL
DR. M. S. LOONEY THE VICTIM
OF HIS VICIOUSNESS.
Tlie Physician Went to Collect a Bill
and the Religious Degenerate
Set Upon Him in Bulldog
fashion.
"Major" A. W. Moore of the Union Mis
sion Army, with headquarters at 1131 Mis
sion street, has again pot himself into
serious trouble, and to-day a warrant will
be sworn out for his arrest on a charge
of mayhem of a most aggravated na
ture.
On May 14 last Moore had his face con- i
siderably disfigured by a soldier, the I
brother of his landlady. The assault was !
the result of a brother defending the good
name of his sister. Moore went to Dr. j
M. S. Looney, 141 Eleventh street, to have i
his broken nose, cut lips and other in- ;
juries attended to. It was a long and
delicate operation, requiring the assist
ance of Henry Klopper, a student of the
California Medical College.
Dr. Looney sent in his bill, amounting ■
to $35. but on Moore's plea that he was
not laboring for filthy lucre but for the ,
good of his fellow-men, the doctor agreed
to reduce the bill to $15. He called fre
quently upon Moore for the payment of
the bill and was finally offered $5, which
he refused to accept.
yesterday the doctor, accompanied by
Klopper, again called at the army head
quarters and Moore showed fight. He
butted the doctor In the Btomach and,
after knocking him down, grasped him by
the legs and dragged him off the platform
through the null and threw him on the
Bidewalk. While doing bo Moore Insert
ed his teeth in the doctor's right arm
and bit it to the bone. The pain was ex
crui lating, and while Moore was at
tempting to t:ike another bite Klopper
dragged him off the doctor and stopped
his cannibalistic propensities. .
Moore hurried to Judge Low's court and
by withholding the main facts he got a
warrant for the arrest of Dr. Looney and |
Klopper on the charge of disturbing the
peace. Meantime the doctor had gone to
liis office and his wounded arm was
stitched and dressed. He then went to
Judge Joachimsen's court with Klopper
to swear out a warrant for Moore's ar
rest, but was amazed to find that Moore
had forestalled him. The facts were ex
plained to the Judge and the doctor's
bloody and disfigured arm was sufficient
evidence of the truth of his statements.
The Judge at once gave the doctor and
Klopper orders of release upon their own
recognizance, but as he was busy hear
ing arguments of counsel in an important
case he postponed issuing the warrant for
Moore's arrest until this morning.
Moore came into prominence about
three months ago by threatening to kill
W. J. Davis, the originator of the army, i
with an ax. The army headquarters were
then at 114 Hayes street. Previous to that
he had Davis and his wife arrested on a
trumped-up charge so that he could, as
he admitted in court, get absolute pos
session of the headquarters.
Before coming to this city last Decem
ber M.o re was a member of God's Regu
lar Army in Portland, Or., and the "gen
eral" of 'that army published in the army
magazine a notice warning people to have
nothing to do with him. "General" Du
g:m, who is now serving a life sentence
in San Quentin, was also a member of
this army in Portland.
THEY WILL FIGHT
LIKE CHAMPIONS
McKEEVER AND McCONNELL
READY FOR BATTLE.
A Large Crowd Will Be in Wood
ward's Pavilion to See Two
Clever Contests.
Camp Merritt will be deserted this even
ing if all the soldiers who have signified
a wish to see the McKeever and McCon
nell fight enter Woodward's Pavilion be
fore the gong calls the fighters to the
boards of action.
The welterweights are in the pink of
condition and should certainly put up a
grand battle. McKeever. owine to his
years of experience In punching noses and
ducking lefthanders, Is selling a favorite
in the pools, but last evening a numberof
friends of the local lad made up a purse
which was given to Crowley and Raggett
to be placed on McConnell at the pre
vailing odds, which are 10 to 7, with Mc-
Keever on the long end.
Among the good judges of pugilism are
to be found men in this city who will
gamble on McConnell because they believe
that he Is as clever as his opponent and
can land a much harder blow. Greggains.
tho pugilist who first discovered in Mc-
Connell the makings of a champion, says
that he has seen both men fight and that
McConnell will whip the Eastern welter
weight without a doubt, and in tolerably
short order. At any rate the members of
the San Francisco Athletic Club will line
up in the poolrooms this evening and
doubtless the betting v.Mll close at even
money or possibly McConnell may wind
up a favorite.
The sporting public can rest assured on
seeing a contest that from a scientific
point of view should be well worth going
quite a distance to witness. If McCon
nell con hold anything like his own for
half a dozen rounds he will certainly
make <i great impression on his friends,
up when feeling conlldent he puts up a
hard and rapid fight.
There are not a few among the sport
ing fraternity who expect to witness a
hurricane battle when Young Peter Jack
son and Frank Purcell get mixed up in
the game. Jackson is a wicked fighter,
and Purcell. having had a tilt with the
colored welterweight before, has trained
faithfully with the aim of standing off
the rushes of his opponent and ending
the game as speedily as possible.
Notwithstanding that there is not as
much talk heard over this match as when
Shurkey and Jeffries were booked to fight
yet tickets have been selling rapidly, and
the indicntions for a large crowd being
present are very good.
Woodward's Pavilion has been arranged
recently with a view of comfortably seat
ing the large gathering that will be on
hand when the band will play for "the
conquering hero" as the celebrated mas
ter of ceremonies, Sir William Jordan
steps Into the ring with his voice tuned
for the occasion. Phil Wand will referee
both contests.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FrancJsco
Call, corner of Mnrkot and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:3<1 o'clock.
6)5 Larkln street; fwn until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o"ctock.
2, r .2G Mission street; open until 8 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:3o 'o'clock.
NW. corner of -Twenty-second and Kentucky
struts: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICSIS.
TWENTY-SEVENTH annual picnic of the
I'nrtugTjesG Protective and Benevolent Asso-
ciation BL'NDAY. June 26, 1898. at Shell
Mound Park, near Berkeley. Lambert Beck-
er's Marine band has been engaged for this
occasion; also a string band for dancing in
the upper hall in the Azorean style. Tickets,
260; children under 12 years free. Boats leave
every half-hour. Association leaves on 9:30
a. m. boat.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M., ■ ; V;
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _J\l
ING. June 21, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated JS^T
meeting and M. M. degree. By order '^lr>
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY,
-' . ■ i Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M. ■
First degree THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _jV..
ING at 7:30 o'clock.- KkJlf
A. S. HUBBARP, Secretary. /^IrV
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and J»
A. M. Called meeting THIS (TUBS- #t
DAY) EVENING, June 21. at 7:30 XJP
o'clock. D. 1. /V\
' GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
NATIONAL Union Callfor- * i x»SBSsS?"'*V
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings
San Francisco. 33 Post st. For the half year
ending June 30. 1898. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate. of three and three-quar-
ters (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday.
July 1, IS9B. . GEORGE A, STORY.
Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union, 632 California , St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
1898, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday, July 1 IS9B
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made;
! city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 41» Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths.
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS FLOSSIE DAVIS, manicure and mas-
sage. Room 7. 1211 Market, old No. 1007.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 1».
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New - Orleans,
baths and massage. HIS Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market St.. parlors 11 and
12, Turkish bath.; and massage treatment.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120% Geary St., room 2.
M.ME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary st, room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15& Turk and IUS Market, nns. 15-16.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment First-class se-
lect help. 535 Market st. : phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and
seamstress; best references; city or country;
San Rafael preferred. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter.
A GERMAN house girl; good cook; strong and
willing; two years' reference. MR.'",. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situa-
tion; understands all branches of cooking; 3
years' last place. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse or second work ; $10 i
to $15; references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT German cook, beet of city refer-
ences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN wishes situation as housekeeper;
good cook; good seamstress; pleasant and
neat, with a little girl 8 years old. N. M., j
3 Elliott park, off Stelner, between O'Farrell !
and Geary.
GERMAN girl wants position for general j
housework, assist cooking: wages $15. Ad-
dress Miss R. S. , 731 Fulton st.
YOUNG lady of 20 wants home In this city;
willing to give lig) ■ service, and experienced,
but has lost her hearing. M. E. W., 12 Wolfe.
POSITION wanted' by colored nurse in phy- I
siclan's office. 2 years In last place. Call or
address 804 Geary st., rear.
NEAT German girl for general housework;
wages $20. 1718 Howard St. '
YOUNG married lady from the East wants
position for upstairs work; sleep at home.
Address L. 8., 417 Stockton st.
NEAT respectable woman with boy 4%, would
like position as seamstress, second work or
both; is willing to be generally useful; wages
moderate; reference. Box 93, Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; send postal.
1525 Webster st.
POSITION as companion to invalid or nursery
governess desired. Call at 1466 Sacramento
St.; references exchanged. Box ISI. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook would like a position in
private family; please call for three days.
210 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL wishes to do general housework; Is will-
ing and obliging; has good reference. Call
81 Fourteenth st., near Folsom. .
NEAT woman would like a place to do gen-
eral housework. 947 Howard St."
GOOD German cook, boarding house or restaur-
ant. Call 444 Brannan St., room 11.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife. 37 and
33 years old; are respectable, industrious, In-
telligent, well educated; can cook. wait, run
ranch, hotel, boarding hou.se or any ordinary
business; California references. Box 45, Call.
TRUSTWORTHY French girl wishes situation
as chambermaid in hotel or do general house-
. work In good family; plain cooking; willing
and obliging; wages $15 to $20. Please call
at 249 Stevenson st., bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— By young lady of refinement, office
work or position of trust or as secretary; best
of references given. Address box 160. Call.
WANTED— a young lady of refinement and
education, a position as companion, maid,
governess; teacher's certificate; references
given. Address box 15S. Call office.
GOOD cook; would do general housework; city
.or across the bay. 2124 Howard st.
YOUNG woman wants situation to do house-
work; cooking; has good reference; wages
$20. W)4 Laguna st.
GERMAN woman wishes washing and clean-
ing; $1 per day and carfare. 1124 Harrison,
bakery.
NEAT young girl wishes to do light house-
work; sleep home; wages $12 to $15. 56 Haight.
COMPETENT your* girl desires light house-
work in this city, Oakland or Alameda;
wages $10 to $12 per month. Inquire 1524 '
Mission st.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper; city or
country. Address 138 A Fourth st.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman
as cook: has good references: city or coun-
try. Address 1425 Geary St.. near Buchanan;
• call 2 days.
GIRL wants situation to do general house-
work and cooking. Caii 487 Twenty-fifth St.,
Oakland.
LADY wishes position in institution; 3 years'
experience; child's nurse or seamstress. Ad-
dresa C. P. Call Branch, 639 McAllister st.
WIDOW wishes position in institution; 3 years'
experience: or iiotel housekeeper, 2 years' ex-
perience; capable and reliable. Address A. 8.,
Call Branch. 639 McAllister st.
STRONG young woman wishes work In a small ,
family; good plain cook; chamber work or
cleaning offices 'preferred; references If de-
elred. Address box 116, Call office. .
YOUNG girl would like position to do cham-
ber work and sewing in German family. Call
In afternoon, 262 Angellson St., off Nineteenth,
bet. Valencia and Guerrero st. '-•;■:
COLORED girl wishes a situation to do light
housework or take care of children; sleep
home. Box 133. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; best of references.
116 Turk st. .( .
NEAT, willing girl wishes a place to do up-
stairs or second work.v Address box 131, Call.
YOUNG Swiss-American girl wishes to have
a situation for light housework. Please call
or address 1309 Stockton st. ; 7 -
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes a position
in a small family to assist with light house-
work; would make herself useful; references.
Box 153. : Call office. ~ : -7"
WAlTED— Situation ns a first cook in an In-
etltution. Call Monday forenoon.', 127 Turk st.
SITUATION wanted by a widow and daughter
as housekeeper or general housework; city lor
country. C. E. 119 Turk st. • ;
REFINED Swedish girl desires situation as
chambermaid and seamstress. Please call at
ISOS Folsom st. •
BY V experienced • bookkeeper, . office position; :
■ best of references ; interview solicited. /.- Ad-
■ dress A. 8.. box 306. Coll. ;■.,>.:■;
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes to do general '
housework and cooking; understands some
German cooking; references; $25. 513 McAl-
lister st. . ; -;..-.- ; .- - ■ .. <v — :.■-,-./■.:.■"■ ; ; " ::
COMPETENT young French lady desires posl-
tion ■as governess, chambermaid or ; take care
: of children; a graduate. Address : E. C. 614
, Bush st. 1 / ■..-■ :-■ v ' ■ ..- .- . - ..., . ... : .- ■ , ■ -.
839 HAVES ■ ST.— Branch office iof The . Call:
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS W ANTED—
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
i JAPANESE Employment Bureau; ■ best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
. best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
GOOD all around cook wants situation. Call
. 535 Howard st.
WOULD like room and meals in exchange for
piano lessons; 10 years' experience. Address
immediately, box 56, Call office.
YOUNG man of 27 desires position In a music
store as clerk or collector; well recommend-
ed; understands German. Address box 120.
Call office.
BOY 14 years of age wishes position as errand
boy. Box 121, Call office.
GENTLEMAN of 35 years wishes position of
any kind, wholesale house preferred; good
education; fine penman. Address box 123,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants to take care of
sick or invalid gentleman; city or country;
best references. Box 128, Chronicle.
BOY wishes employment as errand boy or to
be of some use in office or store. Box 62,
Call office. • '
WANTED— Steady work by man handy at car-
pentering, gardening, and can do any kind
of work; will work for small pay. Box 184,
Call. • ' ■
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants position on private
place In country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 50. Call office.
WOULD like Job watching day or night; any
place of trust. Call or address G. W. H.,
1238 Bush st.
YOUNG man desires employment in cliy or
country; references. Address box 129. Caii.
STEADY middle-aged man wants employment,
either in city or country; writes a fair hand;
small wages. Address box 241. Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent hotel man wishes
management of hotel; city, country or resort;
Al references from leading Eastern hotels and
clubs. Box 170, Call office.
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer;
city or country; is a machinist and black-
smith: had 12 years' city experience; can give
good references. Address 2953 Harrison st.
INDUSTRIOUS Frenchman wishes position
near city on private place; can milk and tend
horses; handy all-around man; references;
moderate wages. Box 311, Call office.
STEADY young man with 2',<. years 1 experience,
wishes position as barber. Address J. G.
H.. 1039 Mission St.
li\ iELLIGENT nice smart Japanese boy
wants a place as school boy. Address MAT-
SUMURA. 1327 Pine st.
INTELLIGENT nice Japanese boy wants a
place as school boy. Address lOKI. 1116 Mis-
sion st.
OFFICE position wanted by Japanese, grad-
uate of public school, well recommended. J.
KAMIYA, 1-20 Vallejo street.
MAN and wife, both good cooks, want posi-
tions in mine or some steady place in coun-
try. Box 136. Call office.
GOOD Chinese cook, washing, ironing, house-
work, wishes situation; 6 years. In last place;
$7 a week. 708 Commercial st.
Boy, 16 years, desires situation; speaks French
and English; best references. 725 Sansome.
| WAITER wishes situation as indoor servant or
for private boarding-house; good city ref-
erences; wages $15 to $18. Box. 344. Call office.
YOUNG man, as assistant barkeeper, wishes
position in city or country; 2 years' experi-
ence In East. Address box 337, Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
tod Ist Gospel Hall, 734 Jackson St., near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons ami want ads taken.
HELP D— FEMALE.
I NEAT young girl; light work; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
! MIDDLE-AGED woman; country; good home;
small wages. MISS CUL. EN. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, I--,tiir>;.. $20; Santa Cruz, $20;
Menlo Park, $20; 6 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
i FRENCH second girl;- $25; 2 In family. MISS
CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
I HOUSEWORK girl, Stockton. 3 in family. $20:
Bouldin Island, $25: New Hope, $15, no wash;
and other towns; 15 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress: *23. MISS CULLEN. 325 But-
i. r st.
YOUNG gii-U light housework; $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS; Hanford; $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
NURSE; $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL: sleep home; $10. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FOUR waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20; 2 waitress-
es, choice, country place, $20, to go to-day
2 waitresses, South, new hotel, fare paid, $20;
2 waitresses, water resort $20
-.2 waitresses, country hotels $20
2 chambermaids, to wait $20
2 cooks, summer resorte, $35 and $30 ;...
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN cook, 15 men. In country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
FIVE houseglrls, $25; 2 cooks. $25; 10 house-
girls, $20; 25 young girls to assist, etc.. $15 to
$20; 5 ironers, steam laundry; woman cook, 25
men, in country; 3 laundresses, plain work.
$25 and $18 and found. C. R, HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— French nursery governess, $25;
French nurse, $20; French second girl, $20;
waitress, summer resort, $20; French cook,
country, $30; woman to help In kitchen, $20;
nursegirl, sleep home, $6; girls for house-
work and assist. LKON ANDRE, 316 Stock-
ton st. ;
NURSE. $25; second girl, $20; German house
girl, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Butter.
COOK, $30; ranch cook, $23; boarding house
cook, $25, country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, small ranch, $20;
house girl. $25; German housekeeper, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
YOUNG girl to assist, $10 to $12; nursegirl, one
child 4 years, $10; second girl, $15; neat Swed-
ish house girl, two in family, $15; house girl,
country, two In family, $25. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter.
PROTESTANT laundress, $25; cook, small
wash, a short distance, $25; girl for house-
work, San Mateo. $25; Santa Rosa, $25; Ala-
meda. $20: 3 German and French second girls,
$20; 5 waitresses, resort, hotels and restaur-
• ants. $20, $25; 2 boarding house . cooks, $25.
and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
WAITRESSES for the springs and country ho-
tels, $20: cook, private family, $30; laundress
for resort, $20: houseglrls and lroner. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted to fill va-
rious positions. German Employment Office,
MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
BUSINESS secretary, new mutual organiza-
tion; cashier and bookkeeper, bakery, etc., to-
day. 313 Bush st. :
BOOKKEEPER and order clerk, commission
house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
, 313 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED nurse. traveling: assist
printer, photograph gallery. 313 Bush st.
2 TICKET clerks; office matron; several sales-
ladles; factory hands. 313 Bush st.
ALL lady cashiers, bookkeepers, -.- matrons,
housekeepers, clerks and salesladies. 313 Bush.
ALL waitresses, chambermaids, second girls,
- cooks wanting positions call 313 Bush st.
3 WAITRESSES for hotels. HOTEL GA-
•ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework; two
in family; references. Apply 1035 Valencia st.
YOUNG girl wanted to do light housework.
1220 Filbert st. : - -■
YOUNG girl to take care of one child. 534
Bush st., corner Stockton.
COLORED girl or woman; cooking, house-
. work; big washing given out: wages, $12. Ad-
dress A', box 7684, Call Office.
ELDERLY lady to assist In housework; wages,
$S. WILLIAM JOHNSON. Lake Honda, Sev-
enth aye., Almshouse road.
GIRL not over 16 for plain sewing. Call after
.-. .. 9 : o'clock. .■: room 67. -, 14 ■ Grant ; aye; : ■ .-■ v- '■-.-.•. >j-;
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
4 In family, $15. 3401 Geary St., corner John-
ston aye. . •-
WANTED — German or Jewish girl for house- '■
; work and ■ cookln". V 622 Golden • Gate aye. £■ f .
GIRL wanted for light housework, Oakland,
-.", $S. Apply box 135, Call office. ",.
UPSTAIRS 7 girl,' $20: girl for : housework. 3 in
.'•:; family,- $20, plain cooking. ; 631 Larkin st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; small wash;
■ must not : object to. children..; 3l6 Page st. ■
WANTED— Experienced Ironers. Empire Laun-
dry, 155 Bryant st. . . { : ?- ■-.'- :-;\
NEAT,; young German girl for general house-
work for small German family of four; wages I
'-■.:■ $15. 836% Harrison St. . : ' \ ' ... _■ |
WANTED— GirI 14 to 16 to -assist. 737 A ■ Pine
street
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— to learn dressmaking. Call af-
ter 10 o'clock, 337 Eddy st. .
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 1312 Bu-
chanan st. ,
APPRENTICE for hair dressing. MISS A. V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market st., opposite Tenth.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
WANTED— A few hundred more operators at
LEVI. STRAUS <£- JO.' S factory, 32 > i Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. Davis.
WANTED— GirIs and ladies to learn "Rood's
magic scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
MILKER, country. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. .
SECOND butler, country, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
ALASKA Railroad
More men for rockwork and bridge carpenter-
ing, from $3 to «3 85 a day; we ship every day
by rail, and next Saturday. June 25, by
steamer; special low rates; Mr. Stanley of
Skaguay will be at our office on Thursday,
June 23, from 10 a. m. on to hire men. Call
and see us for rates.
C. R. HANSEN& CO
.104 Geary st
75 MORE 2-horse teamsters for railroad work
in California, free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. •
FOREMAN for railroad grading outfit. $3 a
day, see party here to-day. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
7 BARKERS and buckers, $35 and board, for a
saw mill; 15 wood-choppers, 7."c to $1 25 a
cord; 14 tie-makers, redwood, 6xBxB, 10c. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
6 FARMERS. $1 a day and board; 4 farmers
for a fruit ranch, $20; vegetable gardener,
$25 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
CAMP cook for men, Mendocino County, $45.
see party here, fare paid. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK and helper for an Institution In the
country, $70; broiler, IG0; second cooks, $50
and $55; night cook, $55; 2 second cooks, $35;
third cook. $30: cook, for the army, $35;
3 cook's, small country hotels, • $40; 3 dish-
washers. $25: pot washer, $15; pantryman, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAITER, Nevada. $35: 3 for Seattle, $10 a
week; 2 lunch and dinner men, $30; springs,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, water resort, $60;
bread and cake baiter, $35. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundry man, hotel, $35 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Gear)- St.
HOTEL clerk, with experience, $50. for a sum-
mer resort. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
TO-MORROW'S.... THE DAY ....WE SHIP
two special passenger cars of 122 men as
common laborers to work for an English and
American syndicate; "Mining Syndicate";
wages from $2 50 a day
865 days' work a year if you so desire;
365 pay days a year if you bo require
No experience required
Special MURRAY & READY.
Railroad rates 634-636 Clay St.
AGRICULTURAL HORTICULTURAL
Vlttcultural
. 26 farm hands 5 vineyard hands
15 orchard hands 6 haymakers
7 milkers 5 choreboys and men,
MURRAY & READY.
• • 634-636 Clay st.
A— STABLEMEN STABLEMEN
Hostler, city stable '...$3O and found
Stableman, city stable i $35
Stableman, country stable $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— BLACKSMITH helper, $26 and found, coun-
try shop. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
TWO waiters, country hotel.. s3o and found
2 waiters, city hotels $30 and found
3 waiter boys, city.. $6 and $7 week
3 waiters for country $20 and found
Porter, country hotel $20 and found
Porter, city Job $15 and found
Also
6 cooks, $35, $40 and $30..-.":":'. : .'.";".;;'.'.;'. : .".v". ! .
6 dishwashers, $15 and $20
boy for country bakery, $15:
grocery clerk, $15 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay Ft.
A— COAST COAST RAILROAD
Free Fare Free
136 Teamsters
125 Laborers .-.
19 Muckers
Free Fare Free
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TO THE GREAT...... SAW MILLS
5 Road Builders, Common Laborers, $26 & fd
5 Lumber Pliers.... $150 a day
Engineer Bull Donkey Engine.. s3s and found
2 Spool Tenders...; ..; »2 a day
315 Woodchoppers $125 and $1 cord
lIS Tie Makers Be, 9c. lie each
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
Leading Employment Agents
A— IN SAN FRANCISCO :....
12 Teamsters
26 Laborers
3 Choremen  . . .
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TO THE GREAT.. GOLD MINES
25 Gravel Gold Miners $2 50 a day j
MURRAY & READY,
; ....634 and 636 Clay st.
A ARIZONA
ARIZONA ARIZONA
500 men wanted.
MURRAY & RADY,
MURRAY & READY,
A ALASKA
ALASKA , ALASKA
175 men wanted; full particulars at
MURRAY & READY'S
V-*.' 634 and 635 Clay st.
A.... HONOLULU :
HONOLULU HONOLULU
2 blacksmiths, $3 50 a day.
MURRAY & READY,
'  634 and 636 Clay St.
A CALIFORNIA
CALIFORNIA CALIFORNIA
126 two-horse teamsters.
135 laborers.
95 graders.
We ship twice dally
to this Great New Railroad.
MURRAY & READY.
634 ii id 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Machinist in lumber mill, $3 a day;
wood turner and machine man for lumber
company, call early, see boss here; fruit far-
mer and wife, $40: 5 milkers and choremen,
$25; young man drive milk wagon and milk
a few cows, $15; 2 quartz miners, $2 50; 2
miners, $40 and board: milker and choreman.
for resort, $25; butter-maker, $30; blacksmith
for mine. $2 50 a day; carriage painter; wood-
choppers and bark peelers; milkers and far-
mers, $30; laborers. $? a day and board. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Camn cook. $45: ranch cook, $15;
night cook: waiters, dishwashers and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st. .
WANTED — Gardener for first-class private
place, north, $35; chef, : French restaurant,
$75; cook, $12 a week; second cook, $30: 2 res-
taurant waiters. $3,"); 2 hotel waiters. $20 and
$25: dishwashers and kitchen hands; appren-
tice for laundry: fanner for north, must be
thoroughly competent, $25 to $30, steady work;
washer for laundry; young man to feed
• chickens and do chores, private place coun-
try, $15; indoor servant, $25; butler, $40 etc
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Blacksmith helper. near city
steady Job, $35 per month and found: plain
gardener, for institution near city, $20 and
found; farmers, $20 and $25; milkers. $20 and
$25; woodchoppers, $1 50 per cord; dishwash-
er for camp in city, $15 per month; cooks,
waiters, : dishwashers, and others. W' 15
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st. '
MAN to run electric dynamo for British Co-
lumbia, $60; 2 milkers, country, $25- 6 harvest
hands,. sl2s , and $150 a day; 4 farm hands
?2O i 2 , choreboys for ranches, $15; cooks, $20
and $30: pantryman, $20: porter, hotel Sin
R. T. WARD & CO., 60S-610^Clay st *
ALL first-class bookkeepers, stenographers
collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush st!
ALL hotel heads of departments with~~good
credentials to call 313 Bush st. X
CROCKERY, glass and tinware packer to-day :
young man, wholesale house. 313 Bush st. '
P 2 T S CI A N >S »., book !i eeper antl collector; also
fctrictly reliable and sober Janitor to-daV. 313
GENERAL store manager: 2 cellarmen wine
house ; resta'nt bookkeeper, to-day™3l3 Bush
DELIVERY driver and collector, whslesale
liquor house to-day; store watch' n. 313 Bush!
WAITER, |25: waiter, J80; laundrvman Sin"
IK'TEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny.st. ' *
PLUMBERS' helper; strong boy; experienced
fencta st ' lness ' J % L ; E - FIRMIN . 1244 Va-
w jtr" T , K^r Boy about 18 to drive a cart; wages
$ao, state experience. Box 127. Call Office?
W _^S^t~£!_S^ CISS!C IS5! coatmaker Immediately.
Apply to JOHN SUNDERLAND. Reno, | Nev.
W T AN 2^ I> 7BarberB7 Barber8 to bt| >' Bh °P: cheap. 1707
_ Market St.; one chair.
U S*^ VY M 1f, i n who can cut cards
STL.PARICH, 141 Fremont st. \
" W ! A i|iJ EE I DD ~ nd trunkmaker. ■D. D. WHIT-
NEY. Los Angeles. Cal.
BOY from 15 to 18 years of age to do office
work : and .■ errands ; wages $3 week; ■ state
references. Address box 54. . Call office.
WANTED— Boy who has had experience at lob
printing. Apply printing department. JOHN
PARTRIDGE, ; 9 Halleck St. ~
GOOD coatmaker wanted for the country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st. •- r -
HELP WANTED— Continued.
wavtpT) good coatmakers; one pants-
maklr^r Re e no. g _APPIy 67 Rausch st.
BOY for office and collections. Address M. R..
box 57,' Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st.. cor-
ner Fourth. m
TYRT-r- <-ierk wanted; licentiate; wages $25
D e%ypktce Apply at_43j Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Boy to collect and attend h store."
Address, stating wages, and age, to box 41.
Call office. . : _'
STRONG boy to work In grocery and de-
liver. 152 Seventh st. __
WANTED-A first-class vegetable man; young
man. 2930 O'Farrell st.
GOOD barber, age 23. wants steady place. T.
MASS, 149 Third st. ,
•WANTED— RetaiI salesman, one familiar with
grocery or crockery business. Box *i. ia,u.
BOYS wanted to sell war novelty; good pay.
Jewelry Store, 6 Market St. >
WANTED— A good chief cook and dishwasher
for restaurant. 112 Fourth st.
i DRUG clerk wanted. State age, experience and
'■ salary required to box 17. Call Office. >
GOOD barber. 408% Dupont st. ; call 9a. m.
BOY wanted at 51 Fifth st. Hat Work*. \
I FIRST-CLASS bushelman wanted. 9 Post st.
VOLUNTEERS— A select company of volun-
teers now being organized requires a few
more members. Apply box 159. Call office.
WANTED— Good strong man or boy. Call 10
a. m. Monday. 71! Market st. American
Crisp Co.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 an. l
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feel in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 23
Ellis st.. Pan Francisco, Cal.
i WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rollcin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— CoaI oil canvassers. Apply F. B.
JOYCE, Oil Company. Seventh and King sts.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tc-I. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 3."c; only one price. 059 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College, 138*4 Eighth st.
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room; •
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Empioym't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 130.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 7"c and $1
week. Ltndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission,
men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. : ; - . " :
1 WANTED collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
. for a room; 2'tc a n * » nt: *1 a wt-ek. ,
AGENTS WASTED.
YOUR name on a postal will bring my big Il-
lustrated catalogue of war novelties and
badges, 200 illustrations; don't buy in tha
dark: I beat the world on prices. L. N.
CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mass.
A' '\'TS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidly illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit now ready; actouick.
National Pub. Co., Lakeside bldg., Chicago.
NEVER before have lady agents made such
large sales; something that takes. Tha
"Hello" Co., 247 Larkin St.. parlors 6 and 7.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner in profitable printing busi-
ness: must be practical printer and hava
$350 cash; good chance for right man; stata
experience. Box 44. Call office.
YOUNG an active partner with few hundred
dollars in established grocery and bar: Catho-
lic preferred: references leading wholesale
houses; would take Inexperienced man it
active. Address box 164. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
EVERY enterprising lady having furnished
rooms for rent to strictly first-class and well-
recommended young business men go directly
to headquarters, 1023 Market St.; references
exchanged.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
,
THREE furnished rooms and board if desired;
centrally located; '- ith respectable Protestant
family; with use of bath. Address imme-
diately box 17:'. Call.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1» Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
GRADUATE dentist will exchange work fo*
anything useful. Box 326, Call office.
AMATEUR musicians to Join social orchestra.
A. MATHILY. 32S Bush st.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press.
coffee mill. Box 345, Call office.
LOST.
LOST— June 20, between 6:30 and 11 a. m., %
gold and enameled Jewel of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen; engraved on the f nee
"A. O. U. W." and the owners name on the
back. A suitable reward will be paid If left
at 300 Market St. E. F. J.
LOST— Pair gold spectacles In red leather case.
Return to 281 Fell st. ; receive reward.
BLACK purse on Mission, bet. Fourteenth and
Fifteenth. . Return to 125 Shot well; reward.
LOST— An Irish setter, color red. a suitable
reward will be given to whoever returns him
to 2905 Twenty-fourth street.
LOST— SS reward for return to 1011 Sutter st.
of pair ladies' fine shoes, lost on 12th inst.
from Morton delivery wagon, near Hyde and
Sutter sts.
LOST— Petition In behalf of . Arthur ReavisT
Return same to J. Keou^rh's saloon, 1343
Market St., and receive liberal reward.
LOST— An Irish setter; ■ color red. A suitable
reward will be given to whoever returns him
to 2905 Twenty-fourth st. - .
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; sea new flexlbla
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge worlt
our specialty; fillings, 50c, crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth. $5 up;
painless extraction; flli'ngs, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis-
sion St., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. llthl
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old .plates made over like new: teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth,
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 2. r .c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
L.- A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEA -SUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. 3.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ,
SET of teenth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 £0 a year.
ELEVENTH. 106 — Branch office of The CalL "
KubFeriptimi!' nnd ads. taken.
TYPEWRITERS. ~~
LOT of second-hand Smith Premiers, Reming-
tons, Densmores, Callgraphs and Rem-Shos,
taken as part payment for Oliver typewriters,
will be sold at a bargain during the month.
FRED W. VAUGHAN & CO., room 9. ro-
tunda Mills building.
ALL typewriters sold . and rented; few partly
used for ;■ sale cheap; send for samples and ; -
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful,
W.W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, Insolvency/collections,
free advice; open cv. Any McCabe.lo3 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
: ket;  consultation free ; ; no fees iln advance. ■
ADVICE free on all leeal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister . St., room : 64.__^ BISINESS CHANCES.
A I7I ISOO: i CORNER grocery ami bar; double
store. 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent
♦••". first-class business; only cash trade; sick-
ness ln family compels owner to leave the
c!- y i. a , Very rare business opening. WILKE
S4o Market st.
A m; SALOON near Chronicle building;
a\erage daily receipts $35; rent $75; an excel-
WILKE, 845 Market st.
A— s6oo; SALOON on California St.; low rent
doing a good paying business; no better offer
tor the price in the market. WILKE, 845
.'ifirKt't st.
SA . L .°P^ for rent: connected with the leading
notel in Sacramento; rent low; fine fixtures-
everything complete; a rare chance. Call
v. U.KK. 843 Market st.
$600; corner saloon; milkmen's headquar-
ters; ; kept by owner 10 years and guaranteed
Jvilke 1 : ab -"\* iVI7 ' per month: rent $50.
wTL] - _arket st.
$1250-BARROOM doing a flrst-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel: rent $50; a rare _s ines, open-
bef' 545 ILKE 7b3 Market Bt.. new num.
$2500-OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon ln choicest
down-town location. with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
\viT r v e r? -£ em . a cor nel owner to sacrifice.
\\ ILKE. iS3 Market st.
|2 i OCER \' and bar; estab. many years
and always doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; 4 living rooms; rent $20; a great sacrl-
flce. Particulars. WILKE. 845 Market st.
$3500— CORNER grocery and bar, established 40
years; unexceptional location; vicinity Call
building; large stock; big bar trade, both
transient and regular; this offer Is very best
in its line to-day; full Investigation afforded
and solicited. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
— STORE, suitable for any purpose; fixtures
complete; housekeeping furniture of 3 rooms
and bath; rent $18; location heart of city;
everything neat and clean as a pin. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
$250— SALOON principal street; central; old es-
tablished; rent $15; receipts $8 to $9 dally; a
rare chance; don't miss it. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$300— BAKERY; principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25; baking 1% barrels flour
daily; all store trade; best offer In this line-
trial given. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1400— CORNER grocery and bar; Western Ad-
dition; 4 rooms and bath; value in stock and
fixtures; big bar trade; can you tell a bar-
gain before you? If so. call LESS. 765 Market.
PARTNER wanted, either lady or gentleman
to act as cashier in a well paying restaurant;
meals 200 up; small capital only. M. LESS,
T6o Market at. ,
SALOON, north Market: great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
6tock, fine fixtures; 6 living rooms; own.-r
there 8 years; other business cause of wile-
genuine offer. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
KREDO _ CO. — 22H Geary st
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000— Nursery $4500— Laundry
450— Florist 2000— Dying Works
7.-.o— Millinery 2000— Wood and Coal
750— Real Estate 2000— Hay and Grain
825 Barber- Shop 1000— Quartz Mill
Fruit-Poultry 250— Shooting Gallery
1200— Corner Saloon Cigar Stand.
A— sl2oo; prosperous plumbing, gas-fitting busi-
ness; stock will invoice $2000. KREDO & CO.
A— s2ooo; bakery and coffee parlors; dally receipts
$40 to $50: all counter trade; also $SOO and $400
bakery. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
$600; roadhouse near city; 20 rooms, dance
haU; worth $1000; must sell. KREDO _ CO.
$2000— Drug store; chance of a lifetime for a
practical druggist. KREDO & CO., 22V_ Geary.
A— sl2oo; grocery and bar; fine business corner;'
monthly receipts $1000; present owner 14years.
KREDO _ CO., 22H Geary st.
CORNER saloon; pays well; city front.
$125— Cigar and variety store; furnished rooms
$325 — Grocery and bar; living rooms; rent $20;
good place; bargain. MCLAUGHLIN, 23
Kearny st.
GROCERY and bar, with corner lot. for ex-
change for small cottage; will pay cash dlf-
fcrenca MCLAUGHLIN — CO.. 23 Kearny.
CORNER saloon; billiard and pool; side
entrance. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
$20<>— CIGAR store, with club rooms; principal
street. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$125— SALOON; bargain; this day. McLAUGH-
LIN _ CO., 23 Ke_rny st.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash. HEALY, 917 Market st.
$3CU — SALOON near Union Iron Works; 6 rooms;
line business; best of reasons tor selling.
HEALY _ CO., Sl7 Market 6L.
$20u— CANDY store; furnished living rooms;
best bargain in the city. DECKER, 1020
Market St.
—-_——————— $2500 — ~ ~— —^ _»---.- (
.Private family hotel of 64 rooms; full of j
Eteft4y roomers; owner -going to Klondike;
will take good trade and half, cash; a big •
bargain; nu agents. Address box 13U3, Call, j
"WHERE fortunes are made" through 1023 1
Market, the great business chance clearing- I
house; Investigate the exceptional bargains I
to-day; always go to headquarters.
PARTNER wanted in established undertaking |
business; first-class business opportunity for |
Protestant gent; experience not necessary. i
Box 40, Call Office. t
ALL legitimate and money-making chances;
hotels, grocery, saloon, rooming house, etc. ;
investigation invited at headquarters, 1023
Market st.
A BARGAIN.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— One of the fin-
est health resorts and most valuabl and beau-
tiful properties in Sonoma Co. ; fine large hotel;
running water and trout; cottages; mineral
warm springs; beautiful scenery; vineyard
and farm land; numerous buildings, etc.,
comprised ln the premises, and in perfect
repair; immediate possession given. Apply
to C. N. HARRIS. 321 Montgomery St., San
Francisco.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given: $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m. .
$200 WILL buy well located, paying station-
ery and cigar business, Including furniture
and kitchen paraphernalia; complete; inves-
tigate this; leave for East this week. Turk
and Hyde sts. . .
FOR — Delicacy, butter and egg stand; I
Grand Western Market. Polk and Austin sts. ;
will sell cheap if sold at once; investigate ]
this.
AN unusual opportunity; well established j
liquor business for sale; investigate. Ad- I
dress box 65, Call Office. . ■ •
CORNER saloon; pays well; cheap rent; bar-
gain on account of sickness. Call 931 Folsom.
DEMING'S charcoal partner wanted with
small capital. Address box 122, Call Office.
PARTNER wanted ln good paying busi-
ness; $15 to $25 a week; trial given; no ex-
perience necessary. 724% Market St., room 17.
PARTNER wanted in delicacies and pork
store- no experience necessary: owner prefers
partner to hired help. 308 Sixth Bt.
BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; better
chance not had for small amount; good rea-
son for selling. Apply 300 Hayes st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chop house; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at IS East st.
$130— FINE corner saloon, 4 living rooms; rent
$20; great bargain. 331 Sixth st.
BAKERY and business at a sacrifice in large
town near this city; good trade; 2 wagons; 4
horses, "fixtures of store, etc.; low rent: lease
will -ell for $550; don't miss it. Apply 410
Montgomery St., room 2.
RESTAURANT and bar; fine location; good
trade old established; trial given; this is no
fake: price $860; part can remain. Apply 410
Montgomery St., room 2.
INDUSTRIOUS man Aith $500 can get half
interest in well-established commission busi-
ness; good security given for money. Box 107,
Call office.
FOR sale— Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
and news agency store; bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTItiS _
WELCH, Sansome st.
FOR sale— 2 old established groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $-250. Box 201, Call office.
WORKING partner with $25; good proposi-
tion. Box 105, Call office.
LADY performer wants lady or gentleman
partner with $250. Business, concert hall.
Box 280. Call office.
WINE business, producing and dealing: owning
vineyard; partner with means by experienced
man to establish safe, profitable business;
references. Box 335. Call office.
WANTED— buy country saloon: price not
above $400; no agents. Box 318. Call office.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office. _.
$800 CASH— Home cooking and delicatessen
business; trade established; paying well; all
modern; to good cook bonanza. Box S2O. Call.
SALOON— 34OO Mission St., corner Thirtieth.
CORNER saloon for sale. Inquire Chicago
Brewery, 1420 Pine st. : ' ' ' ■/
SHOE store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth St.. near Castro. , :
FOR — Call route at San. Jose;: for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose. ;
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
637 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:20
o'clock; branch office of The CalL Subsorip-
tlons and want ad« taken. .. [
BISINESS £S^*CES— Continued.
BARGAIN; cigar-stand, club room; fine
location; near Market; good business. . BA-
hILE, 873^ Market st.
$400-RESTAURANT for sale or trade; best
L°T CC T a £. lon ln clty: doing fine business. BA-
SILE. B<3V4j Market st.
$250— SALOON; sacrifice; with 3 furnished
rooms; rent $25 mo. BASILE, S73H Market st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED— Klondlkers to try our condensed
pea soup cake, "Roma"; it is delicious; keeps
for years; prevents scurvy; it is very cheap;
one plate, 1 cent; send for free sample. 315
Shotwell st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO. 22% Geary st
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no. charge for advertising; 500
houses; all sizes; all prices.
£ rooms; flat; free rent .'. $125
7 rooms; Geary St.; elegant; new 225
8 rooms; Jones St.; clears $20 225
9 rooms; sunny and pleasant; clears $25... 275
9 rooms; Misslon-st. corner 350
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor st...' 350
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO., 22!*
Geary st.
DECKERS BARGAINS.
ALL SIZES ANT) PRICES.
FOR CASH PAYMENTS OR EXCHANGE.
24 rooms; transient; clears $150 500
25 rooms on Market; clears $100 600
$6-room house; 2 fronts;. offer wanted
4 20-room houses; from $300 to _ 1600
8 50-room houses; from $1400 to 3000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
32-ROOM; corner house: rooms all rented: sell
at a bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ONE of the best lodging houses In Oakland:
entrance on two streets: excellent transient
trade; 40 rooms: completely furnished; rent
very low; newly renovated; for sale as a
whole for the next six days: If not sold, will
be sold at auction; account of owner going
to Dawson. Inquire M. MARCUSE. 918
Broadway.
$600—36 ROOMS, well furnished: all rented; cen-
tral; rent $80 month. BASILE, STC- 2 Market.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished; full of roomers;
16- rm. house; paying. Shoe store, 250 O'Farrell.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
WILL exchange new bedstead and box mat-
tress and top mattress for bed lounge. 30
Rlngold st.
FURNITURE of 5-room cottage for sale cheap.
405 Laurel St.. near Sacramento.
FOR sale — Furniture of 14 rooms; can rent
house cheap. Apply at 115 South Park.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 451
Stevenson St.; tel. S. 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 Sth st. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
~~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market. St., opposite Sixth.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building) — Trance medium; unites
the separated: changes luck; locates buried
treasures; letters answered: inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil ami second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c, gents sl: palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets;
predicted ln '74 overdue steamer on Island.
234 Sixth st. - ■
CLARA NORDLINCER, card-reader and palm-
ist. 101 Eddy Bt., room 12. . .... . _. 
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader, re-
turned; ladles, 25c; gents. 50c. 951 Mission st.
I MME. KETCHUM, clairvoyant and card
' reader. 105 Stockton st., room 5.
I
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
i reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
' fesslon: never fails: advice; help. 929 Post st.
■~miTC_Xl»_L
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c; 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing Tuesday
night; only COc. 322 O'Farrell st.
C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance;
5 p. m. ; 25c; 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8; Be.
MRS. B. BALLARD. medium, 311 Main; sick-
ness a specialty: circles Friday, 2 p. m., 250.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V_ Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
_________ _
I>AI.M|!>TKV.
MRS. CHANDLER — Free lecture Sunday, 3
p. m.. 305 Larkln: readings. 353 Geary st.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure, $5; pills $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home ln confinement; consult free: hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladles— C only' Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; bableß adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 69 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken ln time it also acts as a pre-
- ventive; price, $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. .
NEW process for female trouble: no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores ln one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. ' $1; cure. $5: by
the well known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; rafe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home ln confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price,
$1 60; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay at: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ARCH ARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. - 156 Second st. :•
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister st. ; diseases of
 women and children. :■';.■■?. .>■-_, ...;-. .'.->•:,.• ';' .:
LADIES— Mrs.' Dr.Puetr; infallible, safe reme-
. . dies: 38 years' experience. Fourth
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE!, tr-nks, etc. V Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, WO M_s*lon vt; tel. Mint 1821. ,
THE SAX FR AK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 21, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN^
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CAPP, 612H— « rooms and bath; low rent.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market St.
HARRIET, 248, bet. Harrison and Bryant— Six
rooms and bath; bay-windows; rent $12 50.
HICKORY aye., 184—8 rooms; nice hall; good
yard; $9.
MUST see it to appreciate; sunny modern
home; first-class condition; rent low. 2012
Pine st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE, 818, bet. Webster & Fillmore— Sunny
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If d«sired; rent reasonable; references
given & required; call between 10 and 2.
NEATLY furnished flat, 6 rooms, $15. Xpply
12 Elizabeth St., bet. San Jose aye. and Guer-
rero st.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely rural hed sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. I:3C and
4 pm. __________
COTTAGES TO LET.
BUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
TURK, near Scott— Neat cottage. 4 rooms and
yard; $10.
$10—2711 BUSH St., near Broderlck; cottage, 3
large rooms, closets, basement, patent closet;
lot 35x137:6.
$20— COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest ln city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St. : key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A— COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath, nr. Market.... sl2
A—lo-room-and-bathA — 10-room-and-bath house, Geary *0
A— 2o flats, $9, at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625
Poat st.
BO VIE aye., 5, ofl Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall
and b:iy-window; cheap to small family.
FELL, 511— Flat of four rooms; bath, gas; hot,
cold water, yard ana basement; $15.
PEW steps from City Hall, 2 fine flats, 5 and 6
rooms. 10 Grove st.
FLAT of 4 nice sunny rooms and bath; hall
and gas; rent $15. SOS Tenth st.
FOLSOM. 1256— Lower 5 large sunny rooms;
yard; cellar; water free; $13.
FULTON, US— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
HARRISON, 2041. opp. Eighteenth— 2 sunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HOWARD, 1553, corner Twelfth— 7 rooms and
bath; rent $25.
MARKS' 4— Branch office Of Th' Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat 7 moms, bath;
rent $30. Key at 728 McAllister st.
McAllister, ues, near Fin-tore— Upper n-.it,
7 rooms, bath, large porch; very convenient.
MINNA, 4544— Upper flat of 6 rooms; all Im-
provements; sunny side.
NICE sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; stable If re-
quired; low rent. Cor. 2."th and Bryant sts.
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath: $15.
PAGE. 434. near Webster — 3 sunny rooma, bath,
furnished or unfurnished: inquire 9 to 12.
BANSOME, 71*— Handsome flat, 4 large sunny
rooms, cheap; only responsible parties.
2 ELEGANT flats nf 6 rooms on Devisadero St.,
2 doors from Oak; latest modern Improve-
ments; sun In every room; rent $25.
SI." -COZY sunny lower flat 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 8 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
$15 VKit month; Hal I rooms, 724 Harrison st.,
1 if-t \v >-en Third ami Fourth.
ROOHI KOII HOCSBKJCE IPIH6.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4 or :. persona. Apply at shoe store, sti2 Mis-
sion St.. between First and Sec md.
BARTLETT. 134 — Two or three furnished rooms
for 1 is I'.t housekeeping: reasonable.
BRYANT, 464. near Third— Nice front room,
with folding bed. and kitchen; bath; private
family; reasonable.
BUSH, 675— Large well furnished front and
separate kitchen, $20, with bath; also large
sunny suite, Jl",; small finite, $8.
FIRST, 2' —:< front sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent $12 per month.
GEARY, 556 — Handsome front parlor, suites,
single and double rooms; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 811— Two front connect-
ing 6unny rooms; unfurnished.
HAIGHT, 880— Large, sunny, furnished room;
no sign; housekeeping if desired.
HARRIET, 15, off Howard— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; $S.
HOWARD, 112SH— Front suites for housekeep-
ing: water; stove: bath, etc; low rent.
MINNA, 673, near Seventh— One large sunny
room for housekeeping; yard; cheap.
MISSION, 562— Large sunny room: complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; $1 60 week.
MISSION, 562— Large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; $1 25 week.
MISSION, if 24 —2 lars;e sunny rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms.
NATOMA, 645— Three furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: yard; rent reasonable.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Furnished house-
keeping suites, $1 50 per week; single, %c.
NINTH, 20— Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water, gas; $11; bay-window room and
kitchen; $9.
NINTH, 21— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; large bay window; running water;
stove.
1335 PINE — 2 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing; bath; $3 a week.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; also single.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 Bunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping: $10 50 per month.
THIRD, 309— Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; suites, $7; bedrooms, $4 mo.
THREE or four nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; central. Box 124, Call Office.
TURK, 126 — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms; closet
aad water; for housekeeping; no children.
TURK, 543 — Large front rooms; complete for
housekeeping; gas, bath; reasonable.
TWELFTH, 12—2 sunny front rooms; furnished
for housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; also single.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. near Howard— Part of
a nice sunny flat; use of piano, bath and
laundry.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49. j
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Bt.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en Buite and single; first-class
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde. Sutter 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choic« and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Keystone, 112 Taylor; new throughout;
elegant sunny rooma; good board day or mo.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post, single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Nice clean rooms; sun all day;
quiet house; good home.
ELLIS, 326A — Furnished rooms; transient;
country trade solicited.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS. 432— Sunny bay-window basement nn- I
furnished; rent $20; 4 rooms.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY, 406 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; woek, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely sunny fur-
nished front room; running water; flre grata;
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE. 2S— Sunny furnished front room, bath I
and grate; also back room; private family.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 704— Fine sunny furnished front
room; also bouae keep tog room*-
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. .
HOWARD, 762— Furnished double rooms, $5 per
month upward; single, 75c. f-*
HOWARD, 741— Sunny bay-window rooms, $2 50
week; 2 complete for housekeeping, $10 mo.
HOWARD, 935*4 (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, 2708— Large Bunny alcove room; also
small room adjoining; rent reasonable.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and single
■ rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MASON, 1111, near Clay— Sunny newly-fur-
nished rooms to rent. ; '
MCALLISTER, ■ Nice large parlor; sunny
single room; also 2 for housekpg; pri. family.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— furnished
j bay-window room, $1 per week.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.'
POST, Sunny suite or. single- rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 910— Sunny double parlors for gentlemen
or married couple; $25; private flat. ,
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable. ,
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth »t-.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House. 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
' nished rooms; single, $150 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
I SIXTH, 227— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
light housekeeping; $8 per month.
SUTTER, 1148— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
! TAYLOR, 109— Sunny rooms, $1 25, $1 50, $2
' week; closet;, running water.
i TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room
for gentleman.
TURK, 126— Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $5 per month.
TURK, Furnished suite in sunny corner
house; gas and bath; rent $3.
TURK, Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up; bath.
100 FURNISHED rooms for light housekeep-
ing en suite, double or single; up and down
town and all around town at prices to suit;
no cost. Renting Headquarters, 1023 Market.
ROOMS A..D BOARD.
I ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything new,
I cheerful: first-class every respect: board op-
tional. The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars.
ELLIS, 618— Nicely furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week. •
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HOTEL LAMAR, 534 Bush— furnished
throughout; sun all day; summer rates.
HYDE, 239, Salisbury— hands: thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable. •
BUTTER, — Bfegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month: single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, — Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights; bath; with board; moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and care. 51 Clara st.
i JESSIE, I .'— Good home for infant or lor 2
children: own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mother's care; references. 2."4 1 4 Sixth »t.
STORES TO LET.
CLEMENTINA, 23, store and fixtures and four
rooms; cheap rent.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.,
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment, cheap; responsible parties.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market st., opp. 10th.
STORE to let. 226 Ellis St., with gas; rent
$15. ■'. . .
TO — Store, with fixtures; 2 sunny rooms;
1 any business. 1008 Natoma St.. near Eleventh.
OFFICES TO LET.
MASON, liv,©bet- Clay and Washington— Ele-
gant sunny newly- finished front suite; first
floor; suitable for physician or dentist; price-
reasonable. ■
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, six stalls and large wagon. Apply
417 Waller St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
. telnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. • ! .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, We miist make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st., Chlckering agents.
LADY going East, must have cash, and her
elegant $500 upright Is offered at great sacri-
fice. Can be seen at room 12, Flood building.
CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st., cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Ncwby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
' no interest first year. 808, 310, 312 Post st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Stein way.
Neuman, others. Hornung's,. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. j HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
st., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE at half cost, nickel-plated show-
case. Apply 2830 Twenty-fourth street.
$70 WHITE sewing machine for $25. 638 Fulton.
TWO barber chairs for sale cheap. Brooklyn
Hotel. 210 Bush st. . :
3 FINE milch cows for sale cheap. 4338 Army
st., near Diamond. x
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., , above Sixth.
FOR sale— Cosumnes copper mine. El Dorado
County; title U. S. patent. For particulars
address JOHN THEISEN, 800 McAllister st.
ST. BERNARD, Great Dane and fox terrier
.pups; Sunset Kennels. . Inquire 108 Fourth st.
FOR Bale— An ark, 20x40 feet, 6 rooms, cheap.
Apply Call branch office, Kentucky and 22d.
GAS fixtures very, low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare # for type-
. writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 731
Market st. t .. ■.■'... -..■•..-■' ■.-..■,. >,: . ..
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, ; $5 ■ per doi. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
FOR Sale— 2 houses, to be removed. Inquire on
; - premises on Jackson, bet. Taylor and Jones.
1 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
. st., pawn office. - -• , .■•■;..•■ -
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
. goods; new, 2d-hand. : Smith Co., ; 527 Mission.
BOILER, engines, .■ tools, metals, electrical
;: goods. WHITE'S, El4-516-51S Mission St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. ; 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. . Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— ! and second-hand; i cheaper than
, : ■'. ever. : Hermann • Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; ; all
H sizes; j half original cost. 103-111 Market. S. : F.
BARS, ; show :: cases, ' counters, shelving, . etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
•-•■" ■■■• .■.;.:• PHYSICIANS^ ;
DR. C. O. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
I: r 1208 Market; ' disease* . of . women ; a specialty.
........ -.— ~ — -— —
PriRSONALS.
CHRISTOPHER ' McLENNON came to Cali-
fornia in 1850 from Baltimore, Maryland. He
was then about 50 years old; all persons hav-
ing any Information whatever respecting him
or his relatives are urgently requested, for
the benefit of his heirs, to address . the un-
dersigned, who will pay for successful infor-
mation. MILLER & BONSAL, Attorneys,
Equitable building. Baltimore. Md. ,
BUSINESS 1 ERSONALS.
AT LINCOLN BROS. — — : —
Cash grocers, . 226 Sixth St.; 2 lbs coffee, 25c;
4 lbs codfish, 25c; 2 lbs new cheese, 25c; 1 lb
fine tea, 25c; 3 cans choice apricots, 25c; pic-
nic hams, 7c lb; 17 lbs best granulated sugar.
$1; flour. $1 25 a sack. LINCOLN BROS.
DO not use a stiff, hard-pointed brush on your
hair; let me dress it for 25c; good switches,
91 ; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy,
long, $5. p Open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and i from the ferry-
LATEST magical novelties, puzzles, conjuring
tricks; magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY.
765 Market st.
USE Quinonia Hair Tonic; It will prevent
dandruff. • G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of - women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. _^_^
. MONEY TO LOAN.
A^neTooTTb^aAiT^^ ' "~~
AT 6 PER CENT.
Must be good San Francisco property.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
. 10 Montgomery st.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. ■ Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V2 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, . real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
ON, furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $23 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
MONEY to . loan on first mortgages city real
estate. Address box 125, this office. '
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg. •
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7; 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut ' Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St., bet. Market and Eddy.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $500 on second mortgage; first-class
real estate r.c-f.irit'-. Bnx SS. Call office.
PROPERTY to exchange.
TO exchange grocery and saloon with liv-
ing rooms: I own • -■•''ling: for ranch in So-
noma County. See owner at 651 Mission st.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land. improved; 4- room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments: 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road: near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN. 1".3 Third.
PROPERTY XV ANTED.
PAINTING, whitening and paperhanglng done
in exchange for nart of house or lot; best ref-
erenefs. Call 1*57 Howard st.
HORSES^
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth ft. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must, sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia St. T. P. NEWELL.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
.ri«»6K auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard St.:
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
EXECUTRIX SALE.
Two wagons (large express),' 1 buggy, 3 car-
riages and 10 horses and harness, belonging to
the estate of GUISEPPE FABBRI, must be
sold at once. Apply 402 Montgomery St., A.
RUEF, attorney for administratrix.
1 20, TEN and four-passenger wagonettes,
I leather top hack, physicians coupe and vil-
lage cart suitable for country.' O'BRIEN &
i SONS. Golden Gate aye. and Polk St.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison St.
j GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
i second-hand and new wagons; cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, - Fifteenth and - Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
; PROPOSALS.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building — Clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS3S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
publice notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, 189S, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building is to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements - required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
jj ity its being indispensable in the construction
of such *. building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health, described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the City and
County of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along
"the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
. sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.659 acres.
The said plans and specification to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed In the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
* sum must cover the entire- expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
.building. ' ■
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
Bald hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said, building, the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
.the sum of three hundred thousand . 1 $300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
• ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
completion - and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect The
: architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the Board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
' $1000, $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied in the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
charge. JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals wl.l be received by the Board
of ; Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st
:";■, San Francisco. Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. ' m
Saturday, June 25, 1898, and opened imme-
I diately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies for : the Veterans'
Home, - Napa County, * Cal. - (railroad station
Yountville), for the six months commencing
July 1, 1898, and ending December ' 31, 1898.
Schedules with . Information : and instructions
■ for -submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. ■ Bidders will
carefully f0110w ... the .-•■ conditions * of 'the
' schedules, and no : bid will Ibe considered ! un-
less It Is in accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
V cent of . the amount of his bid, , payable to J.
' .: C. ■ Currier, 7. treasurer. :: conditioned . that tha
• bidder will enter into a good and :. valid : con-
■ tract I upon notice ; of . acceptance as required
~ .•; by '» law. ■ ; The board ; reserves * the ., right to .
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount i specified. ■ . ~
. Address J. J. : SCOVILLE, ; S. . etary . Veter-
ans' Home Association, room i 3, 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal. rßy order of the
-. Board of Directors. - ■
J. ■J. SCOVILLE, Secretary,
CITY real estate.
Baldwin & howell,
real estate agents.
McAllister street business prop-
erty, must BE SOLD.
$13.000— 3-story building: store and flats;
extra large lot; 55x137:6; only partially im-
proved, and rents $100; mortgage $10,500.
$100 CASH. BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
$1500— cottage on Diamond st., close to
Castro and Chenery; contains 5 rooms and bath.
$6SoO— Broderlck St., nr. California; 2 mod-
ern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; rent
$62 60; lot 27:6x85.
$20,000— Rent $147 50; always rented; substan-
tial brick Improvements; Clay St.. bet. San-
some and Montgomery; large lot, 35 feet front-
age.
$3250— Very attractive home on Stanyan ' st. :
nr. Seventeenth; good view of the Park and
Golden Gate; good cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
concrete foundation, etc.; lot 25x137:8.
$8500— Mortgage $4500; handsome 2-story and
basement residence on Pacific Heights, con-
taining 10 rooms and all conveniences; extra
large lot; 27:6x137:6; will exchange equity for
unincumbered property.
$4800— Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine St.. nr.
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street; lot has two
frontages.
$22,500— Gate aye. ; corner of promi-
nent street; large lot; 40x90; Improvements con-
sist of flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
$3000— Tehama Bt., nr. Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms: also 2-story house
of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
■ 10 Montgomery st.
SOME CHEAP LOTS ~~ — —
SOUTH OF THE PARK
$550— Thirty-sixth aye., near M St.; 150x130
$325— Corner of M st. and Thirty-sixth aye.;
132:6x100. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' •. 10 Montgomery st.
LOTTA st.. near the Affiliated Colleges, and
Stanyan st. ; 75 feet from Parnassus aye.
electric line; a cheap lot; will build any
kind of house on any kind of terms. W. W.
REDNALL, builder, 1326 Hayes st.
WILL build for $2200; house of 2 flats, mantles,
plumbing, gas fixtures, complete. GEORGE
M. SALSBURY. Builder, 521 X Bt.. Sunset
District. ■• ■ •,
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A—4oo-ACREA — 400-ACRE stock and fruit ranch with horses
and cows: all tools: vicinity Vacavllle; only
$4000; 50-page catalogue free. SPECK & CO..
602 Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
. OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ,'
FINE resort to rent; may exchange on ac-
i count of old age. E. E. BUNCE, 308 Broad-
way, Oakland. '.
I FOR Sale — In Oakland; Just completed, modern
In design and arrangement, 2-story 7-room
house; 3 minutes from local station; lot 40x
125; surroundings the best; a bargain; terms
to suit purchaser. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway, Oakland. • . :
LOTS — $75 upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450— New cottage of 4 , rooms and lot; youi
own terms.
$125 for barn, ' well and lot; $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own home, or we will
I build it for you; payment as rent: all streets
j graded, some macadamized: 3 electric car lines
t and fine school near; soil, climate and view the
| very best; Allendale settlement, East Oakland;
; building up rapidly; call or send for circular,
'■ 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
, riage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
I FOR SALE— House 5 rooms, bath, brick foun-
! dation. Owner, 952 Third St., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAaU HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen- •
tral; 589 24th St., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
Q AKL A> 1) FURNISHED HOUSES. ~~~
I SUNNY 8-room house;- central; nice grounds,
near trains; rent $50. Box D, Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room: va-
cant June 1. THE T 'RNE. EC? Eighth st.
| OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
' FURNITURE r 1 household goods this week.
I.HAAS' old store. 40S Kleventh St.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladles' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
I ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
| COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
$1300 — Modern cottage and lot in good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200— T0 close an estate; fine modern cottage,
.5 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can
'■ remain.
— Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner
lot; good location; very easy terms.
' Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park «t..
Alameda.
' SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST CERV3D.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800. $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for r.on-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
: great racrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inrpectlon. MARCUSB & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market at.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday*.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
! 6-ROOM cottage completely furnished cheap
j to a good tenant. 1206 Ninth St.. Alameda,
, BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— 5-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137: constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
• place, opposite Berkeley Station.
~~ ""educational.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
I ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater: summer
term begins this month; for teachers and
students; 1-5 ■ p. m. daily. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
1 AYRES' Business : College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
j ship, $50; low rates per. week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; " a
: : course in Tarr's counting ■ room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
; low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
i SHORTHAND taught In one month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and , White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
. machine supplies. 145. Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL : kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
( repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. , .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Emll Green > and Lizzie ' Fricker '. .:'.... ..... 24-24
! Camille Phlllpps and Julie S. Chab0t..:... 32-33
Howard F. Powelson and Kittle M. Anglln.24-23
I Floyd Owens s and . Emma Henry 30-23
j Arthur F. ■ Kreshel and Beatrice Spencer.. 23-18
i C. E. V. Douilard and Josephine E. Fratus.2l-19
Elbert J. Howard and Leah H. Hatherly..23- 1?
i Benjamin F. Woolner and Clara N. Gibson. 26-25
Edwin Mark ham and Anne C. Murphy 47-38
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
•■■" Birth, . marriage and death : notices sent by
mail - will - not be ■ ■ Inserted. They ■ must be
I handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KNAUS— In Vallejo, June 15. 1898, to the wife
1 '■■•• of Max . D. VA. Knaus,' a daugnter. . . .
: MARRIOTT— this city, June 19, 1898, to the
wife of Fred Marriott, , a daughter.
RATH JEN— In i this " city. June ■ 16, 1898, to the
wife of M. Rathjen, a son.
WILLIAMS— In this city, , June 18, 1898. 'to the
wife of E. C. Williams, a eon.
.:•...-:..■■ •-•,•...■-- .-..-.- .•->-..'•-■■'. ..rid
MARRIED.
KARLSON— BOAS— this city. June 19, 1898,
by the Rev. Joseph Willner, David C. Karl-
son and Flora Boas, both of San Francisco.
LEVY— BRODINSKI— In this city, by the Rev.
Joseph Willner, Abraham Levy and Bessie
Brodlnski, both of San Francisco.
McDANIEL— MADSEN— In San Rafael. June
15, IS9B. Robert W. McDaniel and Miss M.
Madsen.
WOOLLEY— COX— In this city June 1, 1898,
b-" the Rev. Winfleld S. Matthew, Charles
Edward Woolley of Oakland and Ida M. Cox
of San Francisco. '
DIED.
Boeckmann, George Fredrickson, Elsie C.
Bresnan, John Heilmann, Richard
Buckley, Martin J. James, Jennie W.
Burke, John F. Kamena, Mary B.
Connell, Abbie Kearney, Matthew
Cosgrove, Louise Smith, Emma
Danner, Louis J. Thiedemann. Whllanj
Diffley, William Watklns, James T.
Fitzgerald, Michael Williams, Margaret
Frank, Mamie Wilson, Captain C.
BOECKMANN— In this city, June 19. 1898,
George W., beloved son of .<red and Amelia
Boeckmann. and brother of F. C. Boeck-
mann, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years and 7 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, IC3O McAllister street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRESNAN— Vallejo. June 18. 1898, John
Bresnan, beloved husband of Hanorah Eres-
nan, and father of John J., Cornelius J. and
Michael J. Bresnan and Mrs. Joseph Samp-
son, a native of Herbertstown. County Lim-
erick, Ireland, aged 89 years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I BUCKLEY— Drowned in San Leandro, Cal.,
1 June 18, 1898, Martin J., beloved son of
James and Annie Buckley, and brother of
Jennie, Francis P., Alleen and Edward A.
Buckley, a native of San Francisco, aged IB
years 2 months and 15 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 1127 Ellis street, thence to
St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
BURKE— Entered into rest, in this city, June
18, 1898, John Francis, dearly beloved son of
Anne and the late Martin J. Burke, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 39 years.
ICFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from the residence of his mother,
1225 Green street, thence to St. Brtgid'a
Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a requeim mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment private. ; .
CONNELL— In this city. June 19, 1898, Abbie,
beloved wife of Maurice Connell, mother of
Daniel Connell, and sister of David, Daniel,
Bartholomew and Jeremiah Curtin and Mrs.
Mary O'Keefe, a native of the parish of
Carriegavan, County Cork, Ireland, aged 23
years.
G?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 130% Langton -street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ■ i
COSGROVE— In this city. June IS. 1898, Louise,
wife of Richard Cosgrove, : ister of Alfred
; and Cllne Durand. Mrs. G. Fridmann, and
- granddaughter of Mrs. L. Pas, and daughter-
in-law of Marie ('(.strove, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 2 months and 25
days. "
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
her uncle, J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery ave-
nue, thence to St. Francis Church, where
services will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DANNER— In Oakland, at the Fabiola Hos-
pital, June 19, 1898, Lewis J. Danner, be-
loved brother < 1 Sherman S., Leslie W. and
Effle E. Danner and Mrs. Junle E. Wright
of Alicevllle, Kans., a native of Allceville,
Kans., aged 2 years.
DIFFLEY— In this city, June 19. 1898, William,
beloved husband of Marcella Diffley, and
father of William J. and Marcella Dtffley, a
native of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 34
years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 536 Sixth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery.
A. O. H.— Division No. 2, A. O. H — Dear Sirs
and Brothers: You are ordered to assemble
at Hibernla Hall, 120 Ninth street, this
day (Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, and thence pro-
ceed in a body to attend the funeral services
of our Hate brother, . William Diffley, 536
Sixth street. Fines for non-attendance. By
| order of BARTLEY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Recording Secretary.
I FITZGERALD— In this city, June 20, 1898,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Fitzgerald, and father of John and
: Joseph Fitzgerald and Mrs. George Ewingr, a
native of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 70
years.
FRANK— this city, June 18, 1898. Mamie,
dearly beloved wife of Clement N. Frank,
devoted mother of Viola Frank, and beloved
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Walsh, a '
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years and 27
days.
[C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iuneral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of parents, 925 Halght street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, corner of Fell and
Fillmore streets, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
; FREDRICKSON— this city, of diphtheria,
Elsie C. dearly beloved daughter of Henry
and Julia Fredrickson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years and 4 months.
ICT The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, • from her late resi-
dence, 138 Lexington avenue. Interment pri-
vate, Holy Cross Cemeter".
HEILMANN— An anniversary requiem high
mass will bs celebrated at St. Rose's Church,
Fourth and Brannan streets, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, for the repose of
the soul of the late Richard W. Heilmann.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
JAMES— In Alameda, June 20, 1898. Jennie "W.,
dearly beloved daughter of William and Cath-
erine James, and granddaughter of Jane W.
Dorman. a native of Alameda, aged 2 years
and 1 month.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
d ence of her parents, 1717 Chestnut street,
Alameda.
KAMENA— this city, June 19, 1898, . Mary
Bernadetta, only and beloved daughter of
Joseph H. and Mary E. Kamena (nee.Oal-
vin), a^ed 1 years 8 months and 3 days. ,
(CT The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 11 Lucky street, off Twenty-
fourth, between Folsom street and Treat ave-
nue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEARNEY— this city, June 20, 1898. Mat-
thew, beloved husband of Jane Kearney, and
father of Dr. James H.. Ueorge E. and
Charles. J. Kearney, a native of Ireland, aged
78 years.
SMITH— In Oakland. June 20, IS9B, Emma,
daughter of Mrs. 'E. M. and the late B. F.
Smith, a native of Oakland, aged 21 year*
5 months and 3 days.
IC?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at ? o'clock, from the family
residence, 1985 Webster street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. ,-: ••
THIEDEMANN— In this city. June ,18. 1898,
William, beloved husband of Anna Thiede-
mann, and father i of William . Thiedemann,
I a.. native of Hamburg:, Germany, aged -. 32
years.
(C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 10:30
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Dierks
& Maass, 957 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. , Interment private.
ATKINS— In New York, June 9. 1898, James
T. Watklns, formerly of San Francisco, \ln
his 60th year of ag». , .
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence iof Mr. I. B. Owens, 2440 Pacific ave-
nue, northeast corner of Stelner. Friends
are respectfully Invited to attend. ;;
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 19. 1898. Mar-
garet, relict of H. B. Williams, and be-
loved mother of W. H. 1 , J. 8., H. E. F.; C.
J. and Emily Williams and Mrs. - Mary E.
Rise, a native of County Carlow, Ireland,
aged 74 years. .-.>-
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 213H Twelfth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem mass ' will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at . 9 o'clock. Irterment Mount
Calvary Cemetery* Please omit flowers.
WILSON— In this city, June 20, 1898, Captain
C. W. Wilson, a native of Sweden.
YOUNG Ladies' Institute— Sisters: You are
. hereby notified that a requiem high mass will
be ; celebrated for . ' the repose of the soul .of
our late ■ grand president, Sophie .A. Grote
at St. Mary's Cathedral. CCFarrell street and
Van Ness avenue, at 9 o'clock this day (Tues-
day). This mass will be under the auspices of
the Young Ladies' Grand Institute. All mem-
bers of the order as well as relatives and
■ friends ,of the deceased are invited to be
: present. , MRS. MARY A. NAGLE,
Grand First Vice-President.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY, Grand Secretary.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, - I "
FUKEB AL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEK3 I
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. §
FUNEfiAL DIRECTOKS X E2IBALMER3
U iIfTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Soaul.
_ Telephone, South 80. •'!'■■
AS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARBW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND : EMB ALMER3L : /
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. SlgSll
41 Van Mesa are., near Market at, ißia
Francisco. Telephone So. IM.
1112
WOULD USE
POPULISTS
AS A CLUB
Maguire's Friends De
vise a Bold Scheme.
OTHER DEMOCRATS EXCLUDED
PEOPLE'S PARTY ASKED TO SUP
PORT KIM.
A Plan to Introduce a Resolution
That May Bring About the Con
gressman's domination for
Governor.
The friends of Congressman Maguire,
Vho have taken It upon themselves to as-
Blst him in his efforts to secure the Dem
ocratic nomination for Governor, are
making a last desperate effort to regain
the ground that has been so rapidly slip
ping from beneath their feet during the
pafit two months. The attempt embraces
an endeavor to secure partial control of
the Populist party through some of its
leaders, the control to be manifested
In the interest of Maguire to the exclu
sion of all other Democratic candidates on
the State ticket.
Within the past week the men who have
charge of the Congressman's political
campaign have made overtures to the
Populist leaders in this city for the pur
pose of bringing about a secret joint con
ference for the discussion of the follow
ing proposition: "That the Populist party
refuse to entertain any fusion proposi
tion from the Democratic party as applied
to the State ticket; that when the Popu
list State Convention meets in Sacramento
on July 12 it shall nominate George W.
Monteith for Governor; that the conven
tion shall adopt a resolution providing
that In case the Democratic convention
shall nominate Maguire for Governor,
then Monteith shall resign his candidacy
and the Populist vote for Governor shall
be given to Maguire; that Maguire on his
part shall enter into a pledge stipulat
ing that in case he be elected he will, in
the distribution of the patronage of the
office, give certain of the places to Pop
ulists."
' The promoters of this very pretty
Echeme naturally believe that if the Pop
ulists can be Induced to carry out their
part of the programme the fact can be
used as a powerful lever to induce the
Democratic convention to give Maguire
the place at the head of Its ticket. All
hope if fusion on any such plan as was
carried into effect at the last general
election has been abandoned by the lead
ers of both parties. This being so, the
Democrats would more than likely grab
at a chance that would possibly secure
them the election of a Democratic Gov
ernor, even if by so doing they would be
forced to swallow bo bitter a pill as Ma
guire.* Patronage is none the less sweet
because it is dealt out by an unpopular
hand.
The individual fusion plan may there
fore be looked upon as a good one, and
the friends of Maguire would have just
cause to feel jubilant were it not for the
fact that Its success is conditional on the
consent of MunteKh nnd the men who
will have control of the Populist conven
tion—and this is where the shoe is likely
to pinch.
Monteith says, ho would not object to
the honor of being selected by the Popu
lists as their leader in the coming cam
paign, but he has a decided objection to
being made a catspaw wherewith to
haul Maguire's chestnuts out of the fire.
He admits that he has been approached
with a proposition to go before the Popu
list convention as a candidate for the
place at the head of the ticket, with the
understanding that in cast he should se
cure the nomination he will abide by the
provisions of a resolution making his can
didacy contingent . ion the failure of the
Democratic convention to nominate Ma-
Ie proposition seems to me to be a.
plan to us.- the PojtoJlbl party as a club
to forte the Democrats to nominate Ma
guiro for Governor," Bald MontHth yes
■ . "While i am friendly to Magulre
and to his inter'!-'..-, and even hi? candi
dacy, I have tho interests of the Popu
list party too much at h^art to be;rnne
a party to any Bcheme that would work
injury to the principles wl-.'.ch we repre
sent. Such a scheme I beMeve this to be.
Although I am personally opposed to fu
sion, still, if the Populist party as a par
ty should ■ ■ some plan of fu
p'ion with the Democrats I am not pre-
f mred to say that 1 would r.ot abide by
t. But this is not a question of fusion
on any BUch hr< ;i;l ground v would ren
der ii acceptable to the honest and Intel
■ men nf our party. We are sim
ply asked to prostitute >>ur principles for
toe personal benefit of a man who is the
representative of another party and other
political bel ■
Other Populists who are looked upon as
ra in th«> party assort that the at
tempt to bring about a conference be
n any representatives of the party
and the friends of M;is:iiire on the propo
sition of fusion in the interests of the
Congressman will probably meet with no
results. The Cator following is known" to
be opposed to fusion and antagonistic to
Maguire. The middle-of-the-road Popu
lists are Just as linn in the belief that
the only way in which the party can be
held together is to steer clear of all alll
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Itching So Severe Could Not Keep
From Scratching. Physician's
Remedies No Benefit. Cured
By Half Box Cuticura.
At the time that I sent for your book, I was
suffering from Eczema on tho right ear. I
could hardly keep my hands off the afflicted
surface, the itching was bo severe Every time
I would touch my car small bubbles would
open emitting a watery-Hko substance, ap-
parently poisonous, as when it was commun-
icated to other parts of tho body it would
produce the same irritation. One of the lead-
ing doctors here treated me for a while and
applied the usual physician's remedies with-
out benefit. My brother was using Cuticura
at the time and recommended that I try it. »
bough t a box of Cuticcra (ointment) and had '
the satisfaction of eecingimmediate progress.
The first application ica* toothing, and be-
fore the box was half gone the disease had dis- .
appeared, and I am pleased to flay that there
feu never been any recurrence of the trouble.
H. C. BASKET, Cl 4 Race St., Cinn., O.
Feb. 2, 1895.
\^\VCRKS WONDERS
I -wish to adviso you of my appreciation of
Cf ticura Soap, and tho marvellous benefits
I have derived by its use. Before using Ci'Ti-
ccba Soap, my face and hands were just as
rough as they could be, and my face was all
covered with pimples; I was unfit to look at,
but after using Ccticcra Soap three weeks
my face was equal to velvet.
Feb. 6, 1808. ;; PAUL DUPBE,. CoaIer, La.
SPEr.i>TCcn«T«SAT«KXT for EtietKixd or Blood
A3»d Skin Ucmob.— W«rm bath» with Ccticcba Soap.'
gentle anointing* with CnTicr*A, purnt of emollient
•kin earn, «nd mild dn»ei of Coticdra Ee»olte.nt,
grcatoit of blood purifier* and humor curei. '■;
'"• BoMthrouehoutthe world. Pottm T>*rn ajbChik.
, C«ju-«J»«k*r»p».,Boitoa. "Ha» to Cor* £ostu» V *»*
WOULD LEAVE LAW FOR WAR
District Attorney Barnes, Fired by Ambition but
Hampered by Avoirdupois, Yearns for Battle.
Perhaps the fact is not generally known, but nevertheless it is a fact portentous to the Spanish nation,
that District Attorney W. S. Barnes wants to pird up his loins and go forth to battle. The length of the nec
essary girMle is not a proper matter for exploitation here. Enough to say that "Little Blllie" Barnes has
snuffed the conflict from afar, and now he desires to get right into|the middle of it.
To those who are not acquainted with the District Attorney it may be interesting to learn that his
weight has risen to something over three hundred pounds, and is still risin'. If patriotirm were to propel him
at full speed upon the enemy, there would be nothing for the enemy to do but get away from there, or get the
everlasting Castilian honor smashed out of him. Mr. Barnes is in dead earnest. His nostrils dilate with ardor,
while his proud breast heaves. He does not care to go in the ranks, realizing that he would occupy the
space occupied by two ordinary men, and thus destroy the symmetry of evolutions. His friends are somewhat
dubious as to his fighting prowess, but think he might be utilized as fortifications.
When the first call to arms came, and Mr. Barnes applied^to Governor Budd for a commission, there
was none to give. The Governor professed great sorrow, the genuineness of which was questioned by the unin
formed. Mr. Barnes went about his regular business of sending people to jail. If he could not draw a
sword, he could draw a warrajit. But things have changed. If the Governor has anything to say about it Mr.
Barnes will go to the scene of ruction full panoplied for war. Happy the men to follow him. They can shield
themselves behind his ample frame nor wist of the hall of bullets so long as their leader keeps his feet and
presence of mind.
A dark and unworthy suspicion arises that Governor Budd has sinister designs in conniving at the send
ing of Mr. Barnes to the tropics, for Barnes has been mentioned as a gubernatorial possibility. In a sense they
are rivals. Budd's admirers declare he would do no such thing, but David of old, who stands high In popu
lar estimation, did worse. Perhaps, however, the ambition of the one and the deep plot of the other— if such
there be— will fail. No man can enter the army without having passed a physical examination. This Is an or
deal from which the fat are prone to shrink, although not enough to bring them down to regulation weight
There seems to exist a doubt whether a man, be he never so patriotic, never so ready to fall for his country,
can get the chance to fall while he has so many pounds that they have to be reckoned on the hay scales. This
circumstance may keep Barnes from the front. To accommodate him would require most of the front and he
couldn't be an army all by himself. '
ances with othor parties.
While the accomplishment of such a
scheme as that proposed by the friends
of Congressman Maguire is out of the
question, it provides a good illustration
of the methods by which they are seek
ing to overcome the unpopularity of their
candidate.
NEVILLS EXTORTION CASE.
Motion for the Defendants to Dismiss
Argued and Judgment Reserved.
When the case of Myron EL Azhdorian,
Mrs. Elsie 'Williams and Mrs. Grace
L<M so was called in Judge Joaohimsen's
court yesterday afternoon Attorney Baker
moved for a dismissal on the ground that
no evidence had been adduced to support
the charge of extortion preferred by the
millionaire mine owner. W. A. Nevills.
He was followed by ex-Judge Ferral, who
argued that Azhderian and Mrs. Loose
should at least be discharged as there-was
absolutely nothing to connect them witn
the charge.
District Attorney Barnes and Prosecut
ing Attorney Graham argued against tho
motion, and the Judge said he would taj<©
until Friday to render his decision on tho
motion.
Oriental Bebekahs.
Oriental Robekah Lodge of the Odd Fel- I
lows has arranged for an entertainment '
to be given next Wednesday evening in '
Prospect Hall, I. O. O. F. building, to its
many friends.
THE ; CRYSTAL i SWIMMING BATHS.
: Physicians recommend \ the \ Crystal :. warm : sea
water tub *nd ■irUunioff batha. North Beach.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1898.
DRIVING PEOPLE FROM
DEMON RUM'S JOINTS
THE BULLETIN ENGAGES IN
REFORMING TOPERS.
Causing Them to Be Confronted by
the Possibility of Having a Copy
Thrust Upon Them.
To any one who has watched the course
! of the Bulletin the opportunity to say a
word in praise of that paper comes with
: the benison of a visit from the skies. The
j opportunity is at hand, and is grasped
I with a sense of Joy. The evening paper
I has become a reformer. It has struck a
blow at the demon rum.
In a saloon on Van Ness, and probably
in other places of a like character, is a
; sign setting forth that a copy of the Bul
letin will be given free with every 10-cent
drink. Perhaps some might .lump to the
unjust conclusion that this was a scheme
to swell circulation up to the affidavit
standard, but the conclusion would be
wrong to the Bulletin. It has merely of
fered itself on the altar of reform, a lamb
without n blemish.
Supposing a man stagrrering homeward.
lon to tne guards and yet conscious of
Kirst. The man looks about for a
cc to quench inward fires. He sees
n denoting where are dispensed li
quors which cheer and at the same tim«
Inebriate. He staesers toward the gaxisn
lights, and pausing without the door
while feeling to make certain he has a
dime left, his eye falls on the legend "A
bulletin with each 10-cent drink." A
Shock and a shudder, and he Is sober.
He takes his dime and with It buys bread.
It is a ffreat scheme. He walks home, a
reformed citizen, and his wife falls on his
neck. Do not give me too much credit."
,?,, s . av -P to hor - **t was the Bulletin that
did It.
Yet. as .well meant as the proiect may
be, it may work serious hardship. The
mRn might bo so drunk as to be unable to
realize the danger confronting him. He
might rush in where an average angel
would fear to tread, throw his dime on
the counter, throw the 10-cent drink down
his neck, have a Bulletin thrust into his
hand and wander forth a doomed, as well
as paralyzed, party. Imagine the hor
ror of his awakening. Coming out of his
alcoholic dream he would find clutched in
his fingers a copy of the Bulletin. Would
this be merciful? Is it not better that
a man have snakes? It would almost
seom that the constitutional provision
against cruel and unusual punishment
had been ignored. Some men earn
snakes. toads, four-humped camels,
beasts of a thousand horns. But in the
name of the Society for the Prevention
of Heartlessness to jags, did anybody
ever drink so hard or so often as to
merit the visitation of a Bulletin?
A Stag Social.
Golden Gate Lodge No- 6, ot the P. B.
O. E. of America, will give a stag social
in its hall. Alcazar building, on the even
ing of next Friday in honor of a fare
well to Stuart S. Harvey, esteemed lead-
Ing knight.
RETURNED
WITH TALES
OF RICHES
N. P. Sorensen Relates
Wonderful Things.
MORE GOLD THAN KLONDIKE
SOUTH SEA ISLANDS FILLED
WITH MINERAL WEALTH-
An Expedition That Had Some Re
markable Experiences — How the
Sophie Sutherland Was
Sunk.
If credence can be placed in the state
ment made by N. P. Sorensen, who ar
rived )n San Francisco from Newcastle,
N. S. W., on the three-masted ship Bel
ford on Sunday, and who left this city
on September 4 in charge of the expedi
tion sent out by the South Sea Commer
cial Company, a local corporation, on a
trading and prospecting voyage to the
South Sea Islands, the land south of the
equator has mineral wealth that surpass
es the Klondike.
Mr. Sorensen, who was seen yesterday
on board the Belford, on which he is
boatswain, told an interesting story of
the experiences encountered by the party
that left on the Sophie Sutherland, a
three-masted schooner, commanded by
Captain McLean, well known through his
exciting experiences with the Russian
Government. The boatswain was given
a power of attorney by Henry Bowles,
president of the corporation, and was
virtually in command of the expedition.
The story he told in his quarters in the
forecastle is in part as follows:
"We left this city for Apia, Samoa, and
arrived there after a passage of thirty
odd days. The only trouble on the trip
was that some of the members of the
party refused to work. In Samoa they
were informed by a Mr. Moore that thir
ty miles up the coast there was a river
containing a copper lode. The steam
launch was got out and an exploring
party was sent up the stream, but met
with disappointment. On our return we
found Cautain McLean and many of the
men druiiK. While lying in the harbor
a man named Glng went ashore and con
tracted a fever which spread among the
passengers. .
"I visited the German Commissioner
and obtained permission to prospect
among the islands. We then left for Tu
lagi to obtain the British Consul's con
sent, which was granted.
"We began mining operations at Moroo
Bay A shaft was sunk, but water was
struck at a depth of eight feet and no
results were obtained, although we spent
nineteen days in the task. Captain Mr-
Lean and myself manned a whaleboat and
went up to Makira Bay, where I showed
the captain fine red and white marble
and also beautiful teak forests. On our
return the King of Yanuta. who accom
panied us, informed me that all the speci
mens brought aboard the ship were from
one place. He promised to send some one
with our party to the mineral deposit. I
asked Mr. Goldsmith, a mining expert, to
accompany us, but he refused. So the
captain, myself and thirty negroes went.
We found a reef, through which the river
flowed, and a wall liUert with decomposing
quartz We took away some beautiful
specimens, and one of the negroes brought
us one from a point on the reef 200 feet
higher than where I stood."
Mr Soronsen then told of prospecting in
places suggested by the natives, and pro
duced splendid specimens of gold-bearing
rock, copper, boride of arsenic and other
minerals, some of which were analyzed in
Sydney and were proven to contain the
substance named. Mr. Sorenpen will to
day visit his employers and make his re
port He will tell of the treatment he re
ceived while aboard, how he was put off
at Tulagi without firearms to protect him,
and with very little food; how he ap
pealed to Captain Woodford, an old resi
dent there, and how he was advised to
leave on the next mail steamer; how he
took passage on the Titus, and iiow when
the steamer arrived in Marau harbor he
found the Sophie Sutherland there with
her topmasts gone and the vessel partly
sunk, owing to the drunken condition of
her commander and his crew: how he con
tinued on to Sydney and went to New
castle and shipped before the mast as
boatswain, not having money to pay his
passage. The tale will not only astonish
his employers, but make them indignant
at the treatment he received.
Sorensen relates his story in a convinc
ing manner, and supports everything he
says by the conclusive evidence.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
JAMES T. WATKINS
FORMERLY A WELL-KNOWN SAN
FRANCISCO JOURNALIST.
Was Employed During the Last
Years of His Life as an Editor
of the New York Sun.
The funeral of James T. Watkins, a
well-known former Californlan, will take
place at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning
from the residence of I. B. Owens, 2440
Pacific avenue, northeast corner of Stein
er. Mr. Watklns was for several years
one of the editors of the Now York Even
ing Sun. On the morning of June 9he died
suddenly while on his way to the Sun of
fice. His remains were forwardod to San
Francisco for burial.
It was in this city that he ventured into
Journalism and literary work, and it was
Icrr that he earned a most enviable repu
tation in his profession. In lat^r years he
acquired new laurels in the metropolis.
The test editorial that he wrote was en
titled "The Naming of the New Snips,"
which appeared in the Evening Sun on
the day of his death In the same issue
was published the following obituary,
which is a high tribute to the old Califor
nia Journalist:
"Mr. James T. Watkins, long a valued
member of the editorial staff of this pa
per, died suddenly this morning wnlle on
his way to his office. Mr. Watklns was in
his sixtieth year, and was the only son of
the very well known Commodore Watkins
of the Pacific Mail Company's China fleet,
celebrated among the old-time sailors of
California's golden days. Mr. Watkins
was a very erudite and accomplished
writer, a student-specialist in many sub
jects, and was possessed of a vast store
of varied and useful information. He was
an active and leading figure in San Fran
cisco journalism and was one of the prin
cipal contributors to the Overlap. l Month
ly during Bret Harte's editorship. Mr.
Watkins held a high place in tils profes
sion, and his unlooked-for death will be
sincerely deplored by his immediate asso
elates and by a large circle of ft lends to
whom his admirable personal fjualities
had profoundly endeared him. '
Old Friends Will Smoke.
Several pounds of tobacco and thou
sands of the best "Dewey" Manila ci
gars, upon all of which Uncle Sam will
be cheerfully paid his duty tax, will go
up in smoke to-morrow night at the Old
Friends' gathering at 14 Third street
To follow this the "Friends" will have a
day and night of it at the Chutes next
Saturday.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^^^^ ._._.,
! STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS
4" ; '■ • .AT OUR. .
t IPOIRGIEID
J- J - To illustrate the CROWD-BRINGING BARGAINS that are •
4- making' such an unparalleled success of the great sale we
4- are now holding BY PEREMPTORY ORDER OF THE TRUS-
+ TEES, we present a few of the lines SPECIALLY SELECTED ;
£ FOR CLEARANCE TO-DAY and
I MARKED DOWN REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE! .
4- ■
: COLORED DRESS GOODS. :
"♦" A* 1 fin 69 pieces SCOTCH CANVAS DRESS GOODS; regular "
4- Al 1 C price 25c a yard; on special sale at 10c a yard.
4.
■♦" ki 1 Cr 54 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD TARTAN PLAiDS, bright :
4. Al lOC - colors; former price 25c a yard; on special sale at 15c a ■
4. "" yard. " ■
:• SILK DEPARTMENT. ':
4.
*" li Ci If\ 50 pieces COLORED TAFFETA SILK, 27 Inches wide;
4- Al 4) 1 • * " '■ regular price $1 50; will be closed out at $1 10 a yard.
4- • ■ rr----
4- 1* (1 05 30 pieces PLAID TAFFETA SILK, handsome designs,
» Al 4>l.^»> rich colorings; regular price $1 75; will be closed out at
$125 a yard.
: LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
4. — ■ .'"..:
A* AC LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, lined back, yoke of lnser- ;
▼■ Al U»7C tion, neck and sleeves trimmed to match; regular price
4- 90c; will be placed on sale at 65c.
4- A* A^r LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, •
a Al Tut embroidered yoke; regular price 65c; will be placed on ■
sale at 45c.
: LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. '■
x. •
*" ki Qftr LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, In fancy checks
4- Al VUt and stripes; regular price $125; will be placed on sale
4- at 90c.
4- ." :
4- ki <fcl 9^ LADIES' PERCALE SHIRT "WAISTS, in fancy plaids,
Al vJjl.^J made in the latest styles; regular price ♦•». 75; will be
*" placed on sale at $1 25.
♦■
t A* <RJ. 75 LADIES' FANCY PLAID SILK WAISTS, lined all
4" Al 4?t-- JO through, latest style make; regular price $6; will be placed
4- on sale at $4 75.
I LADIES' GLOVES,
4- A* /S^r 23 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH SUEDE GLOVES,.
Al UOU - in "White only; regular price $1; will be closed out for 63c
*" a pair.
I HOSIERY.
I nuolrilti.
f
4- A* 90/- r0 dozen CHILDREN'S IMPORTED TAN COTTON
Al X'liL. HOSE, fine quality 1-1 ribs, light and dark shades, in all
sizes; worth $4 dozen; will be on sale at 20c pair.
: LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
♦•
*" ki lOr 150 dozen LADIES' WHITE RICHELIEU RIBBED
4- Al Ivt VESTS, silk trimmed, low neck and sleeveless, all sizes;
4- * worth $2 40 dozen, will be on sale at 10c each.
4- ki A err 100 dozen LADIES' WHIIE MERINO VESTS, high neck
l Al 4-D^ and long sleeves and high neck and short sleeves, also
. drawers to match in all sizes; usual price 75c each; will
"*" be on sale at 45c.
j CORSETS.
4- ii ■'■' / 75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, Gray, Black and White,
4. Al \-& by the best. manufacturers, only in small an 1 large sizes;
4- will be sold less than half the usual price.
I LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
*- A 4 C 1 I C LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, in fancy colors and black
Al 4> 1 . 11? figured Mohair, in assorted patterns, lined and bound;
4" j worth $1 10; will be closed out at $1 15 each.
4-
*" A* <£ 1 At? LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, in fancy mixed cheviot, lined
4- Al 3/I*4-5 with percaline and bound with velvet; worth $2 25; will
4. be closed out at $1 45 each.
♦-
4. li. (t-l err% LADIES' BLACK SERGE DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
a Al *P*J«5" percaline and bound with velvet; worth $5; will be closed
7[/. out at $3 50 each.
*" A 4 C/i t-n LADIES 1 BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS,
4- Al •PC).')" double lined and bound with velvet; worth $9; will be
4- closed out at $6 50 each.
+ "J ... : ' ■ ' '
4- ki Cn AA LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS,
4. Al »PV. I/v lined with percallne and bound with velvet; worth $13 50;
a. will be closed out at $9 each.
I LADIES' JACKETS.
ikiO 5 A MISSES' FLY-FRONT JACKETS, in mixed cheviot ef-
4- At <P*^" fects, sizes 12, 14 and 16; worth $5; will be closed out at
♦ : $2 50 each.
4- A* CQ crn LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH FLY-FRONT JACK-
Al •PO.SU ETS, lined with fancy silk; worth $12 50; will be closed
. out at $8 50 each.
J LADIES^_SUITS;
■*■ if <tA CO ' LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, fly-front jack-
"^ Al <J?VJ.S\J ets, lined with fancy silk, skirts double lined and velvet
"♦". bound; worth $10; will be closed out at $6 50 each.
♦
"*" At ■$&'■ A c ; ; LADIES' SUITS, in two-tone mixed effects, fly-front
4- Al •P*->-4£>: jackets, lined with silk, skirts lined with percaline and
4- bound with velvet; worth $12 50; will be closed out at
.4. $S 45 each. :
t At %i 1 0 00 LADIES BLACK SERGE SUITS; fly-front jackets, lined
■♦- Al «P IV.UU with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound with vel-
"4" vet; worth $15; will be closed out at $10 each.
4-. ; ■-. .: ■- •■■■■■ -: ' ■' " '- ■ . .
♦
.4.
■4-,. fj^ljr Murphy Building, ■'/' [Fir Murphy Building 1 , , Jr.
* fflarlet aiUoies Streets. Market anil Jones Streets.
t;, ludliLui Qilll uUlluS OllDDlo. lUdlAul dull oUllDo ulluuli).
4- . . _ '■ ■•. /'" '■ \ , " : "-v- ; . i> -. „' .: . ,;■: :- ' ■';" • -. ■■■■■ *■-