VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 183.
COMBINED ATTACK
PLANNED ON CERVERA
SCHLEY HAS
CERVERA AT
HIS MERCY
No Chance for the Escape
of Spair/s Squadron
prom Santiago.
All Movements iq the West Indies
Held in Abeyance UQtil the
Vessels Are Disposed Of.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 20.—
Everybody knows now that
Spain's flying squadron — four
splendid cruisers and ■ two
torpedo-boat destroyers — is
imprisoned in Santiago har
bor. This fact has been
known here forty-eight hours
and the speculation now is
over the probable disposition
of the Spaniards — whether
they will be blockaded or the
forts reduced and the vessels
compelled to fight.
in the latter case there can
be but one result — for Com
modore Schley has some of
the finest ships in the world,
to say nothing of the cruisers
and various smaller vessels,
and could in a few days be
re-enforced by other power
ful warships. It would be
foolhardiness on the part of
Cervera to offer battle.
An interesting story re
mains to be told of the reasons
which led Cervera to Santiago
and of the way he was
hemmed in. it is now known
that when the Spanish ad
miral sailed for the West In
dies he expected to enter San
Juan de Porto Rico for coal
and supplies. On touching
at Curacao for news his plans
were upset by the receipt of
dispatches telling him that
Rear Admiral Sampson had
bombarded the San Juan for
tifications and was still in the
neighborhood of Porto Rico.
Thereupon Cevera sailed for
the south coast of Cuba.
Cervera put into Santiago,
it is said, because the Cristo
bal Colon was disabled by
incompetent engineers, and
the admiral wouldn't aban
don the cruiser. He trusts
to his guns and shore bat
teries to hold the harbor
against Schiey.
it is certain that Cervera
could not have escaped from
Santiago without being dis
covered, for the American
scouts had been prowling
about the port for ten days,
and other scouts had not
been far away. Practically,
Santiago has been blockaded
for that length of time. Cer
vera's coal ship, which fol
lowed him from Curacao to
The San Francisco Call
Santiago, was captured last
Wednesday, and at the very
moment when the Queen
Regent was caWing her con
gratulations the coils were
tightening about him.
The belief here is that all
other movements in the West
Indies will be held in abey
ance until the Spanish squad
ron is disposed of. In case
Santiago is attacked, the
news of the battle will be sent
from Mole St. Nicholas and
Kingston, and the prisoners
and wounded will be sent to
Key West.
OREGON AND NEW ORLEANS
ORDERED TO JOIN SCHLEY
Indications That the Fleet Is to Force
the Entrance to Santiago
Harbor.
NEW YORK, May 30.— A Jackson
ville, Fla., special to the Herald says:
I learned to-day through a letter from
Key West that the cruiser New Or
leans, which has been with Rear Ad
miral Sampson's squadron. Bailed last
Friday tn join Commodore Schley's
fleet at Santiago de Cuba. The New
York went to Key West for coal and
to enable Admiral Sampson to com
municate more directly with Washing
ton. The New York was expected to
sail with the Oregon for the south side
of Cuba before Sunday morning, also
to join Schley.
The assignment of the Oregon and
New Orleans to Schley's squadron is
significant as indicating a possible in
tention to force the harbor and repeat
Dewey's Manila coup. The New Or
leans would be valuable in a narrow
passage such as that at Santiago be
cause of her ability to concentrate her
entire battery forward, while her
splendid equipment of rapid-fire
guns would render her a most dan
gerous antagonist In a contest with
torpedo-boat destroyers. The New
York Is Admiral Sampson's flagship,
and If she goes to Santiago It would
seem the admiral proposes to assume
command himself.
RUSSIAN PRESS IS
NOW VERY ANXIOUS
The Novoe Vremya Comments Upon
the Proposed Anglo-Saxon
Alliance.
Copyrights. IS9B, by JarriM Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, May 30.— Everything goes to
j indicate that Russia is trying to edge
■ into an Anglo-American agreement.
• Russian opinion is stly concerned
with the war in its bearing upon af-
I fairs in the Far East, and consequently
the Russian press is striving with
i might and main to .w the impossi
| bility of an Anglo-American alliance,
■ which would be calculated, most of all|
j to affect the far eastern situation.
Thus the Novoe Vremya says in a re
cent editorial: "The ' -ited States has
' beon drawn out of its completely iso
lated position by the war with Spain,
which in the end will bring the great
American republic in closer touch with
Europe. This does not imply that after
the war with Spain the United States
will begin a fresh war with another
power, but will procr * to give voice
to all matters of old world policy in
order to defend its power in the new
j world ar.J the interests of its trade and
j commerce. All European powers hav
i ing colonies in America, and first of all
England, with her Canadian posses
sions, will feel the effecf of this
awakening to active policy among: the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
COMMODORE WIHFIELD SCOTT SCHLEY, 0, S. N,,- on tUe Bridge of tie Flagsbip Brooklyn,
CHANCE FOR SAMPSON
TO ENTRAP A FLEET.
MADRID, May 30.- 1 have Just had a conversation with a friend who has been visiting Spain. One of
he points at which he stopped some time was Cadiz. He tolls me a reserve squadron, consisting of the
attle-ship Pelayo, the cruisers Carlos V, Alfonso XII and the torpedo-boat destroyers Audaz, Proserina and
)estructor, Rapido, Patriota, Alfonso XIII, Antonio Lopez, Ciudad de Cadiz, Leon XIII and Buenos- Ayres,
.ill be ready to put to sea in a few days.
Admiral Camara is rushing work with all speed, and my informant says he believed they will sail in the
rst place for the Canaries and then set out under sealed orders, thus repeating Admiral Cervera's tactics.
As soon as this squadron is off another will be f It will comprise- the Cardinal Cisneros, Numan
fa, Lepanto, Donna Maria de Molina, Don Alvaro de Bazan and Marquis de la Vitoria. These ships, how
vor. are mostly unfinished and cannot possibly be ready for some weeks.
When my informant left Cadiz on Wednesday last, the following vessels were lying there: The Pelayo,
ark>s V, General Valdes, two torpedo boats, two tor; erlo-boat destroyers and the Destructor, which, hesays,
oes in and out of port almost every other day. The vessels lying in the dork unfinished were the Alfonso
till, the Rapido, Patriota, Vitoria, Princess de Asturias, Alfonso XII and four trans-Atlantic liners, which
'ere being transformed.
The Giralda was nearly sunk at her dock a few days ago before my informant left through being
immed between the quay and a trans-Atlantic steamer undergoing repairs.
ruling classes of the seventy-five mil
lion citizens of the rich republic.
"It will be some time before the birth
of the Anglo-Saxon alliance, by
means of which En^'. md would like to
force Russia, then France and after
ward Germany out of China. Amer
icans will never consent to pull chest
nuts out of the fire for England. No
one should be deceived by the assur
ances of the London press that the re
lations between England and the
United States are dally improving, and
the relations between France and the
American republic more strained.
Naturally that is desired in London.
but not all Hie wishes are realized. It
may sooner be presumed the United
States, having become involved in the
whirlpool of a world-wide policy, will
seek a close union with France and
Russia, for a common and pacific
struggle with other Western European
monarchies."
PORTO RICO
NEXT TO BE
ASSAI LED
Blanco May Remain
Unmolested Until
the Fall.
The Campaign of Invasion
Is Now Being Prose=
cuted With Vigor.
Call Office, Biggs House,
Washington, May 30.
It seems to be the general opinion
here to-night that the first military
expedition to be landed will be in
Porto Bico instead of Cuba. It is cer
tain the War and Navy departments
were to-day anxious to create this
impression.
For this reason it is strongly sus
pected that, although the troopships
will sail early from Key West along
the northerr coast of Cuba, they will
not proceed to San Juan or any other
Porto Bican port, but will disembark
on the northeastern coast of Cuba
and will invest Santiago, and by join
ing with Garcia's 8000 men cut Cer
vera off frpm all communication with
Blanco or any hope of the relief
which he so sorely needs.
It is believed, furthermore, that
heavy ordnance will be taken on this
expedition and that, if Commodore
Schley deems it unwise or inexpedient
to enter the harbor and give battle
the fleet of Cervera will be bombard
ed by our army from the high hills
surrounding Santiago. It is the aim
to capture or destroy Cervera' s fleet
before the possible arrival of the
Cadiz squadron.
The best judgment here is that we
have not troops enough to spare for
the Porto Rican expedition at this
time. Porto Rico can wait. The very
first thing to do is to capture or de
stroy the hostile fleet, then follow it
up with a reduction of the Havana
batteries ana the landing of troops to
attack Blanco, capture Havana and
thus end the war.
It is certain, however, that before
Havana is taken there will be an in
vestment of Porto Bico, so as to have
this island in our possession when
the war is ended, and negotiations for
peace are in progress, for all of
Spain's colonial possessions which
will be in our hands at the close of
the war, Porto Bico is most valuable
for our purposes, namely, a coaling
station. It is, furthermore, richer in
natural resources than Cuba and has
a much more desirable population.
But, although it appears to be the
plan for our troops to attack Santi
ago and the hostile fleet from the
rear, it does not follow necessarily
that Commodore Schley will not at
tempt to enter the harbor and follow
Dewey's tactics.
He will, it is believed, watch his
chance to slip into the harbor by
night. At any rate Commodore
Schley will not be idle. Orders were
sent to him via the Harvard at Kings-
ton to immediately commence a bom
bardment of the fortifications. This
is certain.
President McKinley said to a caller
to-day that he hourly expected news
that Commodore Schley had com
menced operations against the forts,
and added that he would not be sur
prised to hear at any time that he
had boldly steamed into the harbor
to give battle to the fleet.
This indicates that, while he has
been sent specific instructions to re
duce the batteries in front of Santi
ago, he is given large discretionary
powers as to his further operations.
There are now 25,000 well-equip
ped soldiers ready for the military
expedition. By the time Santiago has
been taken, Cervera's fleet captured
or destroyed and Havana's batteries
reduced there will be 100,000 more
troops ready to march against Blan
co.
It is certain that no attempt will
be made to enter Havana until we
have an army of at least 100,000
men ready fqr the undertaking of
such magnitude, and it now appears
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
more than probable that it will be
early fall before Blanco is attacked
in his stronghold.
This is General Miles' plan, and
the indications are that he will have
his way.
It is well known here that General
Miles is opposed to any attempt to
take Havana without a force of at
least 50,000. He wants those men
all well drilled. Without the thin
nest kind of uniforms and other trop
j ical equipments the men would be
| unable to accomplish anything in
.Cv Sa :1a this weather. And 50,000
I men are not yet equipped with such
I uniforms and other necessaries.
The conferences which have been
J taking place in Washington recently
between War Department officials
and insurgent officers have resulted
in a thorough understanding as to
the" work that is expected of the in
surgents. The War Department offl
j cials who have had private informa
j tion from their own men do not as
sume that the insurgents are a mere
i handful of men not much better than
bushwhackers. They expect valuable
aid from the insurgents when they
are properly equipped. At the same
| time General Miles' plan will not be
dependent for success on the move
ments of the insurgents.
At the beginning of the war the
capacity of the insurgents to furnish
aid was overrated. Recently there
has been a tendency to underrate it.
The insurgents have carried on an
exclusively guerrilla warfare, but
with so much effect that a Spanish
j army of over 200,000 men,command
jed by generals of military experi
] ence, were unable to subdue them.
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY'S
LETTER OF REGRET
Touching Sentiment Expressed by
the Chief Executive as to
Fallen Heroes.
WASHINGTON? May 30.— The Presi
dent wrote the following letter express-
Ing his regrets that he could not taka
part in the exercises at Gettysburg to-»
day:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C, May 30. 1898.
Mr. Louis D. Winter. Committee on Mem-v
orlal Day Exercises:
My Dear Sir— My engagements her©, th^
nature of which are well understood, wllf
prevent my taking part in the Memorial]
Day exercises at Gettysburg this year, at
tendance upon which, under other clrcum-^
stances, would have afforded me an es-»
pecial gratification.
Time enhances the lasting value an<J
demonstrates anew the true significance
of these Inspiring patriotic observances.
Whatever may be the character of its
temporary problems, this liberty-loving
nation is not and never can he forgetful
of the immortal heroes of the civil war.
For those who served as well as for
those who fell at Gettysburg— now so,
peaceful and beautifully adorned with tha
highest creations of the sculptor's art —
our reunited fellow countrymen, without
regard to locality, creed or political faith,
have an abiding respect and the most
cordial esteem.
To-day those who contended on this his
toric tield nearly thirty-five years ago.
and their descendants, are mustering un
der the same flag, enthusiastic in their
devotion to the nation and willing to makes
any sacrifice for its honor.
The debt of gratitude which we owe tr>
the nation's defenders can never be com
pletely repaid, either by this or futura
generations. The acknowledgment of this
each year in various forms and in vari
ous places throughout this broad lamt
purifies our ideas and brings us all nearer
together in sympathy of sentiment and
unity of purpose.
No time could be more appropriate than
the present to approach in a fitting spirit
these sacred themes of love of country
and the rights of man. Generations
come and go, and the issues for which
they fought and died soon pass into his
tory, but the living principles of undertak
ings worthily accomplished, and for an
unselfish purpose, abide forever and guida
us to a nobler destiny and still greater
achievements as a nation. Very sincere
ly yours. WILLIAM McKINLEY
To Secure Robertson's Uelease.
WASHINGTON. May 3O._Fnends of
Jamps R. Robertson of the First Cali
fornia Regiment are endeavoring to se
cure his release through Major Franlc
McLaughlin, who interceded success
fully with Secretary Alger in behalf ot
W. W. Anderson of San Francisco.2
ARMING THE
PHILIPPINE
INSURGENTS
General Aguinaldo Gather
ing an Army to Aid the
American Forces.
Admiral Dewey Still Holds Manila
by the Throat, and Spaniards
Must Starve or Surrender.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
BY JOSEPH L. STICKNEY.
MANILA, May 27. via Hongkong,
May 30.— The British orulser Pique,
which was just entering the bay when
I sent the previous dispatch, will take
this one to Hongkong to-day, the 27th.
The Philippine insurgents received
last Tuesday 2000 Mauser breech-load
ers and 20,000 rounds of ammunition
and have been busy ever since getting
their men together.
I saw General Aguinaldo to-day. He
told me he had 5000 Mausers captured
from the Spaniards which with the
rifles just receive . will enable him to
arm a force equal to the detachment of
Spaniards now in the province of
Cavite. About two miles back of the
. town of Cavite General Aguinaldo has
five modern breech-loading field pieces
with a moderate supply of common field
shells and shrapnel. The men of Gen
eral Aguinaldo's force are of small
stature and look as though they had
not had enough to eat for a long time,
but they are very ..iry and tough.
Two of them, whom I noticed, were
carrying a heavy forge and bellows
slung on a pole and two others were
similarly laden with a large anvil, and
four of them carried a bench with two
vises. They had taken a field gun
from one of the sunkri Spanish cruis
ers and were trying to make It fit for
service, showing marvelous patience
and perseverance.
There must be something out of the
common about their lead r. General
Aguinaldo, for whereas four weeks ago
there were not one hundred persons at
Cavite after the Spaniards moved out,
there are now more than 2500 men cap- I
able of bearing arms, most of whom
have assembled since. Aguinaldo will
be able to take the field with more than
5000 men. He tells nw his force is
limited only by the number of rifles he
can get, but many of the native soldiers
In Manila will desert to him as soon as
he attacks that place.
The success of the recent expedition
that brought the insurgents a supply
of rifles will result in a larger ship
ment within th? next two weeks, and
General Aguinaldo Is confident of hav
ing 15,000 men in the field before July 1.
Admiral Dewey still holds Manila by
the throat, and the Spaniards are- un
able to escape from sure starvation (>r
surrender. It is impossible to get defin
ite news from the city, but the anxiety
ANNEXATION
TO BE TABLED
Lodge Amendment Can
not Go Through.
WAR REVENUE COMES FIRST
CONGRESSMEN WHO WILL NOT
PERMIT DELAY.
But the Senator From Massachusetts
Can Make a Speech on
Hawaii in Open
Session.
:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 30.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Sena
tor Lodge's Hawaiian amendment to
the war revenue bill will probably be
laid on the table if the Senator persists
In pushing it to a vote. Many of the
strongest advocates of annexation in
the Senate think it would be a very
serious mistake to risk indefinitely de
laying the revenue bill and weighing it
down with free silver and other amend
ments for the sake of expediting
Hawaiian annexation.
Senator Lodge will accomplish a
great deal, however, by his course. He
will be able to present arguments for
annexation in a speech in open session
of the Senate and show how the minori
ties in both houses of Congress are
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth.
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-No 7
OO3STSXJILiT-A-TIO3Sr-FK.EB.
x^i»S? T^¥C ARMY and NAVY. mß^
BLUE, AND GIVE 10 PERCENT? DIS-
4& >^J&t^ i! &*?m k _>-«!£ COUNT from our regular prices on all
V^ '••'' '•• l&0i <iT*-r -^y work done or them.
/^ : '■"irZ-Safc $M&}£ki ''• *S FULL SET OF s T^iE for ::::::::::-1 606 0 u >
• 'C ' GOLD CROWNS. 22k 3 60 u«
>:^VOWMMfM ftLTHf.- BWDgE WORK : per tooth !IS "U
enr> 4^t 't&MKV^ JrtT7> )' gold filling ......:...........:....... 7 5c up
• "^ W*%k' 'V\\i CLEANING TEETH , 60? up"
7W § \ % Extracted A Physician Always in Attendance.
__!,_,. a |;| FILLED --; skilled operators-lady attendant
TEETH %Mk -^ W CROWNED PHONE DAVIS 564.
1 tu ' W* ~ •< Bridge work J rvp T p QTDnMr* i ;
■without paw, Un, 1 . H. o I'nL/INU.
Offlca Hours— a. m, to 10 p. m.; Sundays, Ba. m. to 2p. m, / :;;
of Europeans here, as conveyed
through the foreign Consuls, shows
how critical must be the situation. The
health of the officers and men con
tinues good, in spite of the severe heat
and humidity. Natives are now bring
ing off plenty of supplies of chickens,
eggs, mangoes, bananas, a few pine
apples, and nothing else.
When Captain Gridley left the
Olympia on sick leave the wardroom
officers manned the gig and rowed him
to the departing steamer, and the sea
men suddenly thronged the rail and
gave him hearty cheers.
HONGKONG, May 30.— Supplies are
reaching Manila plentifully from the
surrounding country. The Spaniards
axe working upon the fortifications,
but their guns are old and useless and
they are short of ammunition.
Rear Admiral Dewey has informed
the authorities at Manila that he will
hold them responsible for the life of the
captain of the Spanish gunboat Callao,
captured by the United States fieefr
The Spaniards have been threatening
to shoot him for surrendering, although
confronted by the whole American
fleet.
All the American ships are at Ca
vite, in Manila Bay. Salt provisions
are plentiful, but fresh provisions are
not obtainable. There is no sickness in
the American fleet.
In reply to the Spanish attempt to
win over Aguinaldo's men, the in
surgents are said to have informed the
Spaniards that they are neutral and
will await events.
A steamer is reported to have landed
6000 rifles at Cavite for the use of the
insurgents.
The Spaniards have offered $25,000
for the head of Aguinaldo, the insurg
ent leader.
The Governor of Hongkong has pro
| hibited the United States auxiliary
gunboat Zafiro from taking war stores
to the American fleet, but he has per
mitted her to ship "officers' luxuries."
The Zafiro sailed from here for Man
ila to-day.
The American forces at Manila have
captured the Spanish gunboat Leythe,
which was attempting to run dis
patches into Iloilo.
LONDON May 31.— A d^patch to the
Daily Telegraph from Manila, dated
Maj- 26, via Hongkong, says: "The
American warships are still in the bay,
except a couple of the smaller ones,
which are being used on patrol duty
outside. Rear Admiral Dewey is loS l
ing men from disease almost daily.
Smallpox and dysentery are said to be
rife in the American squadrfin."
obstructing- the majorities and the ad
ministration, and are proving' a serious
obstacle in the way of the successful
prosecution of the war with Spain and
putting the country in danger of very
serious foreign complications.
Strong efforts are to be made to get
the annexation resolution through the
House of Representatives during the
present week, in spite of the opposition
of Speaker Reed. It is b-lieved the
Speaker will ultimately yield to the
■ iv» r-v\ helming desire of his* party in the
House, but he has not yet shown any
signs of doing so. He has not abso
lutely refused to grant a special rule
for the consideration of the resolution,
but he has not given"" Representative
Hitt or any nher advocate of annexa
tion any assurance he will do so.
TO AID NEEDY VOLUNTEERS.
Splendid Work of the Walnut Creek
Red Cross Society.
WALNUT CREEK. May 30.— The
Red Cross Society organized here has
a membership of Beventy-flve. The
call for supplies was answered by
handsome donations from all over the
valley. Mrs. J. O. Reis and her Bister,
Miss Brooks, sent a bolt of flannel.
One hundred and fifty bandages have
been prepared thus far. The officers
huve opened headquarters at Dr.
Leech's office, where supplies will be
received by W. S. Burpee and V. Mar
tinez. The school children have col
lected quite a fund.
The ladies who are prominent In the
local work and the officers are: Mrs.
Arthur Williams, Miss Dora Berry,
Mrs. C. A. Leech, Mrs. James Hook,
Mrs. Durham, Mrs. George Reed, Mrs.
E. G. Larkey, Mrs. S. F. Johnson, Mrs.
E. A. Anderson, Mrs. A. G. Cameron,
Mies Edna Johnson, Mrs. Myron Hall,
Mrs. J. O. Reia, Miss Brooks, Miss
Johnson, W. S. Burpee, V. Martinez,
Mrs, Cameron and Mrs. Hall.
England Protests to Spain.
LONDON, May 31.— The British Gov
ernment, according to a statement of a
London news agency, has sent a friend
ly protest to Spain with respect to the
latter's strengthening of the fortifica
tions opposite Gibraltar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
FROM TAMPA TO SANTIAGO DE CUBA.
Chart of Lower Florida and Cuban waters, showing the route and probable landing-place of the
United States troops under Genera! Shatter, now leaving Tampa presumably for the
vicinity of Santiago de Cuba to co-operate with Schley in the reduction of that city.
The most practicable place for disemburking troops for a land attack on Santiago is at
Surgidero Justicia, about nine miles east of the city, from which the only road for many
miles east or west leads through the high mountains to the country beyond. A landing at this
point can be entirely protected by the guns of the war vessels, which can lie right up to
the shore. The grade of the road, though rather heavy, is passable for artillery and
leads to hills commanding the city and nearly the whole of the harbor.
t
RECIPROCITY
WITH FRANCE
PROCLAIMED
Modification of Customs
Duties to Go Into Ef
fect To-Morrow.
America Favored in the Products
Sent Abroad and Lower Rates
on Imports in Return.
Call Office, Riggrs House,
Washington, May 30.
The United States and France hajre
concluded the first commercial agree
ment entered Into under section 3 of the
Dingley tariff law. The negotiations
have been pending for the last elcht
months, and after many vicissitude?,
were concluded on Saturday last, when
Embassador, Cambon, in behalf of
France, and the Hon. John Kasson,
Reciprocity Commissioner for the
United States, fixed their signatures to
the formal agreement. It makes Im
portant changes in the tariff rates on
a number of articles constituting the
chief trade betvven this country and
France. The particular advantages se
cured by the United States are on meat
products and lard compounds, France
reducing her rates one-half on meat
products and about one-third on lard
compound. The chief benefits to France
are in reduction in rates on brandies,
stilled wine, vermouth and works of
art. There is no reduction in the rate
on champagnes, although the Dingley
law contemplated a reciprocity reduc
tion on champagnes in case mutual
concessions were given.
By the terms of the agreement the
new rates go into effect on June 1, or
next Wednesday. In the meantime,
under the terms of the law, the Presl
dent haa Issued a proclamation, grant-
Ing the reciprocity reductions specified
in the agreement, and at the same time
the French authorities at Paris will de
cree a reduction in the French rates in
accordance with the agreement.
The conclusion of the agreement is a
source of general congratulation among
the officials of the State Department
and of the French Embassy. Severai
reciprocity negotiations have been in
progress, and it was thought those
with Great Britain were likely to be
concluded first.
The French negotiations began iast
October, when M. Patenotre was tht
French Embassador here. It soon de
veloped, however, that they expected
much larger concessions, particularl-/
on meat prod- ;ts, than M. Patenotre
was. ready to yield. M. Cambon, for
merly Governor-General of Algiers,
and regarded as one of the most cap
able diplomatic officials in the French
service, when he succeeded M. Paten
otre concessions were made which
allowed the two Governments to come
together. It was a matter of no little
surprise that the arrangement was con
cluded at the present time when the
war emergency compelled this Govern
ment to look for every possible resource
•for revenue, and when there was a con
centration of official attention on meas
ures relating directly to the war.
Aside from the tariff changes mad 1
by the new agreement the convention
is regarded as significant in showing
the good will existing between the
United States and France. In official
circles there have never been any ques
tions as to the continued cordiality be
tween the two countries, but in unoffi
cial quarters there have been reports
of friction. It is believed that the
agreement will serve to dispel misup
prehensions as to the satisfactory re
lations between the two Governments,
and that it will be quite as beneficial
in increasing the good will between the
two republics as to the trade.
Appended is the President's procla
mation:
By the President of the United States
of America. A proclamation:
Whereas, Pursuant to section 3 of the
act of Congress approved July 24, 1897, en
titled "An act to provide revenue fur the
Government and to encourage the indus
tries of the United States," the Govern
ments of the United States and the
French republic have, in the spirit of
amity and with a desire to improve their
commercial relations, entered into a com
mercial agreement in which reciprocity
and equivalent concessions have been, in
the Judgment of the President, secured
according to the provisions of said sec
tion, whereby the following articles of
commerce, being the products and man
ufactures of the United States, are to be
admitted Into France on and after the
first day of June, 1898, at the minimum
rate of duty, not exceeding the rates re
spectively anjieariug In the following
table, namely:
Canned meats, 15 francs per 100 kilos;
table fruits, fresh, lemons, oranges,
cedrats and their varieties not mentioned,
5 francs per 100 kilos; Mandarin oranges,
10 francs per 100 kilos; apples and
peaches, for the table, 2 francs per 100
kilos; for cider and perry, 1-50 francs per
100 kilos; other fruits, except hut-house
grapes and fruits, 5 francs per 100 kilos;
fruits, dried or pressed, excluding raisins,
apples and pears for the table, 10 francs
per 100 kilos; for cider and perry, 4 francs
per 100 kilos; prune*?. 10 francs per 100
kilos; other fruits. 5 francs per 100 kilos;
common woods, logs, 0.65 francs per 100
kilos; sawed or squared timbers, SO mm.
or more in thickness, 1 franc per 100 kilos;
sawed or squared lumber exceeding 35
mm. and less than Su mm. in thickness.
1.25 francs per 100 kilos; wood, sawed, 35
mm. or lens in thickness, 1.75 francs per
lUO kilos; paving blocks, 1.75 francs per
100 kilos; staves, 0.75 francs per 100 kilos;
hoops, .30 francs per 100 kilos; apples or
pears, crusiTcl or cut and dried, 1.50
francs per luu kilos; manufactured and
prepareu pork meats, 5 francs per 100
kilos: lard and its compounds, 25 francs
per 100 kilos.
Herein in further execution of the nrnvi
sions of said section, it is hereby declared
that one day after the first day oi June,
I&9S, and during the continuance in force
of the agreement aforesaid, and until
otherwise declared, the imposition and
collection of the duties heretofore imposed
and collected upon the following named
articles and products of France by virtue
of said act are hereby suspended, and in
place thereof the duties shall be imposed
and collected thereon according to the
provisions of said section 3, as folllows:
On argols or crude tartar or wine lees
crude, 3 per centum advalorem; on
brandies or other spirits manufactured or
distilk-d from grain or other materials
SI 20 per proof gallon; on paintings in oil
or water colors, pastels, pen and ink
drawings and statuary, 15 per centum ad
valorem.
It is further declared that the rates of
duty heretofore imposed and collected en
still wines and vermouth, the product of
France, under the provisions of the Unit
ed States tariff of 1897, are conditionally
suspended, and In place thereof shall bo
Imposed and collected on after the first
day of June next, as follows, namely:
On still wines and vermouths in casks, 35
cents per gallon. In bottles or jugs, per
case of one dozen bottles or jugs, con
taining each not more than one quart or
twenty-four bottles or jugs, containing
each not more than one pint, $1 25 per
case, and any excess beyond these quan
tities found In such bottles or jugs shall
be subject to a duty of 4 cents per pint
or fractional part thereof, but no sep
arate or additional duty shall b© assessed
upon the bottles or jugs.
Now, therefore, be it known that I,
William McKinley, President of the Unit
ed States of America, have caused the
above stated modifications of the cus
om duties of the respective countries to be
made public for the information of the
citizens of the United States of America,
In testimon/ whereof I h;ive hereunto set j
my hand and caused the seal of the ;
United States to be affixed.
Done at the ?ity of Washington, this
the thirtieth day of May, IS9S, and of
the independence of the United States of
America the one hundred and twenty- :
second. WILLIAM McKINLEY
By the President.
WILLIAM R. DAT,
Secretary of State.
FEARS ATTACK
BY PIRATES
Klondiker Unwilling- to
Ship Gold.
RUMORS SCARE DAWSONITES
BELIEVE TREASURE SHIPS MAY
BE CAPTURED. . .
Mine Owner Stanley Leaves for the
North :to Investigate '- Be
fore Risking His
Nuggets.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
SEATTLE, May 30.— W. M. Stanley, j
the man who five years ago was un- \
able to get a position as a common la- !
borer In this city, and who is to-day ,
one of the richest men In the country, j
left for Dawson on the Rosalie last
night. He t is going on a strange mis- ;
sion. Up in the Dawson dumps there
is in the neighborhood of $600,000 which
belongs to Mr. Stanley and his sons. '
It will soon be ready for shipment to
the States. Mr. Stanley's son, Samuel,
is at Dawson looking after his father's
and brother's interests. He Is sup
posed to have charge of the gold, but
he wants to get rid of that responsi
bility, because he fears that he may \
lose the family fortune. ,
The report (transportation companies j
say it is ridiculous) has reached Daw- !
son that pirates propose to attack the i
gold ships this year. Therefore Sam- ;
uel Stanley does not want to ship the
gold down, unless his father first visits
Dawson and says it will be all right.
Mr. Stanley is going to Dawson for
the sole purpose of sizing up the situa
tion. If he concludes there is reason
for believing the report he will bury |
his gold and not bring it down until |
the Government will supply protection .
for the gold ships.
Mr. Stanley says he has gold enough
in his mines to make him and his sons
millionaires and he does not propose
to have pirates get it. He believes it
more than likely that some fool pirates
will make an attack on the gold boats. j
If President McKlnley does what Mr. |
Stanley * believes he should do the |
Wheeling will be sent north to escort
all gold boats to the Sound. «
HAVE SYMPATHY
WITH AMERICA
French Workingmen Ex
press Their Opinions.
The Sentiment "America for Ameri
cans and Cuba for Cubans"
Is Everywhere
Applauded.
Jopyrighter], IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, May 30.— The struggle be
tween the United States and Spain is
probably followed with keener inter
est in France than in any other country
in Europe. In Paris, especially, all
war news is closely followed by pass
ers by eagerly buying evening papers
from the street venders every time new
details are received from the seat of
war. While all classes are interested,
it is more especially among laboring !
classes that one hears the most sen- !
sible comments on the events which
brought about the conflict and it is j
this class that accords to free America j
the most sympathy. Of this fact we
have been able to convince ourselves
by investigations carried on at the
headquarters of the large workmen's ;
corporations in Parisian fauborgs. M. i
Powrier, former member of the Typo
graphical Federations Committee, gives
his opinion in substance as foliows:
"We most sincerely hope for the tri
umph of the United States. We affirm
that to the United States belongs the !
palm in modern social movements, by
reason of the number of workingmens'
syndicates and associations, which play
an active role in the solution of prob- .
lems which have vital importance for
us. All printers in France now have
their eyes fixed in sympathy on the
United States, because the United
States Is marching with giant strides
toward the socialistic ideal."
I asked the opinion of the Deputy of
the Exereme Left (that is tj say, the
representative of the people, elected
with a purely socialist programme in a
center composed mostly of manual
workmen), Ernest Roche, Deputy of
the Batignollis quarter, and re-elected
last election by a large majority, who
said:
"In addition to the natural inclina
tion that attracts American and
French workmen toward each other,
many causes i pel Frenchmen to
hope that the conflict between Spain
and the United States may terminate
advantageously to the latter nation.
"This is mainly owing to the cause
of the quarrel — the emancipation of a
people crushed under a cruel yoke and
to which the United States have
bent their energi s — America for
Americans, Cuba for Cubans, which
ftar us Is the significance of the pres
ent war, the end of which we trust is
close at hand.
"In brief in popular districts, in the
workshops, even in the French Cham
ber of Deputies, public opinion is, by
a large majority, favorable to the
American cause."
NO CABLE TO
PHILIPPINES
This Government Not
Ready for It.
RANK NONSENSE AT PRESENT
COST OF LAYING WIRES WOULD
BE ENORMOUS.
From San Francisco to Manila It
Would Require Nine Thou
sand Miles of
Cable. I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 30.
State and Navy Department officials
declare the report that this Govern
ment is preparing to lay a cable to
Manila via Honolulu is ridiculous. They
say that while such a cable might be
undertaken some time in the future and
probably will be, especially if we per
manently occupy the Philippines, it is
rank nonsense to think of such a thing
at this time.
The surface distance from San Fran
cisco to Manila Is 7100 nautical miles,
but the cable length would probably
approximate 9000 miles. Lieutenant-
Commander Clover, the chief hydro
grapher of the navy, after a cable
route had been surveyed from Monte
rey Bay, Cal., to Honolulu, estimated
it would cost $1200 a mile. The sur
face distance from San Francisco to
Honolulu is only 2089 miles, but Clarke,
Forde & Taylor, the London cable con
tractors, estimated that 2500 miles of
cable would be required.
The topography of the ocean's bed, of
course, necessitates the additional
lengths of cable. This would be true
also of the cable if continued from
Honolulu to the Orient.
Admiral Belknap, who made sound
ings in the Pacific, found (off the coast
of Japan and China) the deepest water
that ever a plummet sounded. In many
places it was three or four miles deep
and the piano wire (which is used in
deep sea soundings) broke many times
by reason of its own weight before he
could touch bottom. Under these con
ditions the cost of the cable survey
and cable construction would be great
ly increased. A cable from San Fran
cisco to Manila would cost at least
51500 a mile owing to the great depth,
and would require perhaps as much as
9000 miles of wire. This would bring
the total cost up to $13,000,000, exclusive
of landings, terminal stations, appar
atus, instruments, repair ships, etc.
Cable construction cannot be under
taken without a specific appropriation
being: made by CongTess. Therefore
the report that this Government Is pre
paring to lay such a cable is a mani
fest absurdity.
ST. LOUIS TO SCOUT
FOR THE CADIZ FLEET
Auxiliary Cruiser Dispatched to As
certain the Whereabouts of
the Reserve Vessels.
NEW YORK. May 30.— The Herald' 3
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Is Spain's Cadiz squadron on its way
to Western waters? This is a question
which naval officers in authority are
asking each other. They have taken
means to obtain a solution of it by dis
; patching the auxiliary cruiser St. Louis
to ascertain the fleet's whereabouts and
1 cable the result of her search to Wash
ington.
While Captain C. F. Goodrich, com
manding the St. Louis, was in Wash
ington Saturday he carefully went over
the situation with the naval war board.
Confident of the hemming in of the
Spanish tleet at Santiago <ie Cuba, tho
i chief concern of the authorities is to
prevent the Spanish naval forces: from
reaching Western waters. The suspi
cion entertained by the authorities that
the Spanish reserve squadron is bound
for Western waters has developed from
information they received on Friday
last announcing the departure of the
armorclads of the Spanish fleet from
Cadiz, ostensibly for target practice.
Members of the .naval war board be
lieve it possible that the Spanish ves
sels received their final instructions bo
fore their departure from Cadiz and
that they are now on their way toward
North America. The St. Louis will
Scout for them and pro 1 ably the Tale
and Harvard will be relieved from duty
near Santiago de Cuba and resume
their stations to the westward of the
Windward Islands on the lookout for
Spanish reinforcements.
— . , ,» _
Gonaez Rejects Peace Offers.
HAVANA. May 30.— Gomes has re
jected another offer from Blanco to
compromise. He will pxecute the next
messenger sent by the Spaniards. He
says he will recognize no offer not
recognizing the perfect sympathy be
tween the Insurgents and the United
States.
Reserves to Serve One Year.
NEW YORK, May 30.— Five thou
sand naval militia will be examined
and mustered into service In various
States for one year as soon as possible.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;NCO«t>OßflrrtD SSfIP |j^A ■PDH
LEADING CASH GROCERS, 7 '
SPECIAL SALE FOR the week.
BUTTER, Point Reyes, 3 squares $1.00 .
Creamery, fresh. • •
COFFEE, our special blend, 5 lbs $1.00
ROOT BEER Extract.
Hire's with yeast cake 15c bot.
Royal with yeast cake 2 bot. 2So
BAMS, Our Choice lie Ib
': Eastern sugar-cured.
PORT and SHERRY WINE: 95c gal
Pearl Vineyard. Napa County— $1.00
FRUIT SYRUPS , 25c bot. .
: Grenadine, Raspberry, Strawberry.
Lemon, Orange, Sarsaparilla. ~ >
TELEPHONE SOUTH 292. ; \
• '. Send for Catalogue.
,7, 7 We ship goods to the country free of charge :-'
• within 100 miles. > -\'SSSjBKB3&BBiaBiS£mBt&3SBXMQS&
1324 - 1326 MARKET STREET
And 134 SIXTH STREET.
'" • 'A-INVASION
OF CUBA
COMMENCED
Twenty Thousand Regulars
on the Way to the
Islands.
Points of Embarkation and Land
ing Carefully Guarded by
the Authorities.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 30.
The military invasion of Cuba has be
gun. Unless the orders of the War De
partment have miscarried at an early
hour this morning the troops that have
been gathered at the gulf ports began
to break camp and march aboard
transports waiting to carry them to the
enemy's territory. About twenty-five of
these ships, the biggest and fastest that
could be obtained suitable for the pur- j
pose, had been gathered ready- to re- j
ceive the troops. They will accommo- !
date about 30,000 men, for in a short i
voyage like that from one of the gulf j
ports to Cuba it is possible with safety j
and comfort to carry a much larger j
number of men aboard ship than would i
be admissible in the case of a cruise
to the Philippines, for instance,
j i How many troops started this morn- j
ing, where they took ships or whither
they are bound are questions which che j
directing spirits of the campaign re- J
fuse positively to answer. They have j
no desire that the Spanish should have '
an opportunity afforded them to gather '
forces to attack our soldiers as they
land. Therefore, nothing of the details j
of this first movement can be learned. I
There is a suspicion that the start will
be made from Tampa and Mobile, and j
In such case the fleets of transp>".s
will converge at Key West to pass un- j
der the convoy of the war ships which i
Admiral Sampson has provided to in- '
.sure the safety of the troops during
the passage across the Florida traits
to protect them against attack at the
hands of some stray Spanish cruiser or '
gunboat.
It is probable that there will be no j
less than four separate military expe- i
ditions, and that these will be landed :
at four different points. Whether Porto i
Rico is one of these points or not can- j
not, be learned. Before the entire force i
which it is proposed to use in Cuba can
be landed, the transports must make !
four separate voyages , across the !
straits. Arrangements have been male
to utilize the services of the insurgents '
to the largest possible extent. The Gov- I
ernment has already sent expeditions \
to a large number of points on the Is- j
land and landed arms for the insur- j
gents. Most of the parties succeeded !
perfectly in their object, and it was |
said at the War Department to-day
that a sufficient number of the Insur
. gents have been armed to constitute
a very effective support for the troops
as they land.
A war conference was held .at the
White House at 3 o'clock this afternoon j
between the President and his two War j
Secretaries, Alger and Long, and
Major General Miles, in command :of
the army. Vice President Hobart, ]
who accompanied the President to Arl- j
ington and returned with him to lunch, i
was present a part of the time, and !
Secretary Day, who had Just returned (
to Washington, also dropped in during j
the conference. After the entire situa- j
tion, naval and military, had been gone I
over, Mr. Long retired and Mr. Alger i
and General Miles remained to discuss
more In detail the military operations
now about t i be put Into execution as
a renult of the definite official informa- i
tion that the Spanish squadron, is He- i
curely hold within Santiago harbor, j i
Naturally, those who participated In ;
the conference obset d strict reticence \
regarding it. It was stated, however, \
la an authoritative quarter, that the I i
! discussion had covered the entire rang?
i of naval and military operations, with
I a particular view to the active move
. ments about to begin. General Miles
i brought with him a memorandum
showing the exact disposition of the
military forces now concentrated ai
various points throughout the country
1 with the number of men at Tampa and
| other Southern points ready for em
' barkatlon. He also made known that
at 1 o'clock this morning immediately
following the receipt of definite infor
i mation of the presence of the Spanish
fleet at Santiago, he had gone to the
War Department and had issued tele
graphic orders putting the troopa in
motion and thus starting the forward
movement of the military arm of the
service. Further than this, those at
tending the conference would not dis
cuss their plans.
It was said at the War Department
that the chief reliance would be placed
at the outset on the United States
regulars, most of whom are centered In
Florida, and in such volunteer regi
ments as are thoroughly equipped and
reasonably well seasoned for service.
Although the officials will not state
how many troops are available for ac
tive service, It is roughly estimated
that there are about 20,000 regulars
and 13,000 volunteers at Tampa. These
include seventeen regiments of regular
infantry and fourteen regiments of
volunteer infantry, twelve battalions
of artillery and five regiments of the
regular cavalry. The infantry force,
regular and volunteer, is about 28,000
men, the cavalry about 4000, the artil
lery about 1200. How many of these
have been or will be dispatched to any
given point or to several points is not
disclosed as that Is a part of the secret
campaign plans of the Government.
Back of this force are other avail
able regiments at Mobile, New Orleans
and other points easily accessible to
Tampa. Still farther back is the large
volunteer camp at Chickamauga, com
prising about 40,000 infantry vol
unteers, 1000 cavalry volunteers
and three regiments of artillery volun
teers. It is understood to be the plan —
although as to this there is no precise
official statement — to have the troops
at Chickamauga take the place of
those at Florida ports as fast as the
latter leave for active service, thus
k^ping a large force always ready for
embarkation from Florida.
Aside from the troops already speci
fied, there are 18,000 men at Camp Al
ger, near Washington, and lesser bodies
of troops on Long Island and in vari
qxis States. The 75,000 volunteers un
der the recently issued second call eon-
Htiiute still another reserve, which,
however, is yet to be organized and
equipped.
General Miles will not state where
his headquarters will be located, and.
indeed, it is probable he will more
from place to place as circumstances
demand.
General Shafter will be in immediate
command of the forces now embarking,
while General Miles will have general
supervision of this and all military
movements.
The Centennial Sails,
SEATTLE, May .0. — The steamer
Centennial left for San Francisco this
afternoon to join the fleet of trans
ports that Is to convey th^ second
Philippine division. The Ohio 1b still
taking on coal and probably will not
jet away before {e-morrow, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 31, 1898.
COMMODORE SCHLEY'S FLEET BEFORE SANTIAGO DE CUBA.
SPANISH WAR
SPIRIT DYING
; "Death or Victory" No
Longer the Cry.
WAITING GAME IS FAVORED
ITS AIM TO EXHAUST THIS
COUNTRY'S STRENGTH.
Belief That if the Strike Is Prolonged
There Will Be a Reaction
For Peace in
America,
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon
Bennett.
MADRID, May 30.— The Epoca
devotes an article to the possi
bilities of peace. It says:
"There are two parties in
Spain. One is seeking peace, the
other war, both inspired by the
same idea, which is for the ben
efit of Spain. The former say
the only palliative of our ills is
pea^e. In prolonging the war
there Is no possibility of a fav
orable issue for us. Let us be
practical and give up ideals. Let
us look at the reality and not at
tempt impossibilities, for it is
impossible we can break the
mathematical and logical law
which demonstrates, without ro
mance, that one is less than
ten."
The Epoca adds: "Are such
ideas unpatriotic? Those who
utter them seek the well-being of
the fatherland."
VALENCIA, May 30.— The "death or
victory" policy hitherto advocated in
the conduct of the war no longer finds
support here. The watchword to-day
is: "Wait. Let the United States weary
of the war and disgust Europe by pro
longing the struggle," say these tacti
cians. "What we have lost is already
lost, and every day that passes without
seeing the effective occupation of Cuba
by the American army brings us nearer
a reaction in American opinion against
the jingoism that provoked the war
and increases the impatience of com
mercial Europe at its continuance."
Meanwhile war subscriptions are
visibly flagging. The principal contri
butions have latterly been drawn from
patriotic bull-fights and theatrical per
formances, which a large section of the
community condemns as unworthy and
even disgraceful means of stimulating
patriotism in times of national peril.
Ecclesiastical authorities have just is
sued an urgent and touching appeal to
the clergy in behalf of the war fund.
"In the presence of the great peril
through which our country is passing,"
says this document, "every sacrifice
should be small and insignificant. The
enthusiasm of your flocks must be kin
dled, not only by word, but by example.
You must make clear to them that the
aid required is for their own sons, hus
bands, brothers and fellow-country
men, who are fighting the common
enemy, and call for help to gain the
victory. On the issue of the struggle
depend in a great measure our honor,
integrity, our territory and the well
being of our native land, and even of
the religion itself which we possess."
THE MONADNOCK PUTS
BACK TO PORT ANGELES
PORT ANGELES, Wash., May 30.—
The U. S. S. Monadnock started for
San Francisco this afternoon. When
out about one hour it blew out a gas
ket of the lower boiler and put back
to this port. It will likely get away
to-morrow afternoon.
Sails to Join Schley.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 30.— The
Harvard has Hailed to Join Commodore
Bohley'e squadron, She took ft pilot fa
miliar with the south coast of Cuba,
THREE BARS
IN A CANTER
Moerlein Handicap Run
at Oakley.
GALLOP FOR THE WINNER.
MXLLSTREAM IS SECOND AND
WON'T DANCE THIRD.
Abuse Captures the Memorial Hand
icap at St. Louis From
Timemaker and The
Elector.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, May 30.— The greatest
crowd ever seen on the Oakley track
witnessed the running of the Moerlein
handicap this afternoon. Won't Dance
and Joe Ullman were made favorites
at 2 to 1; Rosinante was next at 11 to 5.
Three Bars was as good as 3 to 1 at
one time, but went to the post at 5 to
2. Three Bars was never in danger,
winning galloping by three lengths.
Five furlongs, selling— Glad Hand won,
Bannie second, Rosa Masso third. Time,
1:08%. » ■ "'-I
Six and a half furlongs— Don Quixote
won, Margaret Jane second, Brightie S
third. Time, 1:21%.
Five furlongs— Mazo won, Estabrooks
second. Vox third. Time, 1:03%.
The Moerlein handicap, one mile and an
eighth— Three Bars, 102 (A. Barrett), 5 to
2 won: Millstream, 96 (Nutt), 16 to 6, sec
ond; Wont Dance, 110. (Clay ton), 2 to 1,
third. Time. 1:&63£ Rosinante, Perform
ance, Joe Ullman and Governor Boles
also ran. ~ ~
One mile, selling— Great Bend won,
Boardmaker second. Count Navarro third.
Time, 1:43*4-
One mile, selling— Countess Irma won.
Sister Jane second, Evallne third. Time,
l:42Vi-
ST. L.OUS, May 30.— The feature of
the card at the fair grounds to-day
was the Memorial handicap. Only two '
favorites were successful on the day, '
while Kodak went begging at 100 to 1 j
in the opening event and galloped in J
a winner by several lengths. Weather
pleasant; track heavy.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Kodak won,
Ransom second, C. S. Bush third. Time.
1:58%.
For two-year-old fillies, four and a half
furlongs— Koxey won, Celestlne dOr sec
ond, Lucinda B third. Time. :ST.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Osric II
won, Tony Honing second, Maddalo
third. Time, 1:57.
Memorial handicap, value $500, five and
a half furlongs— Abuse. 12T (Bliss) 7 to 2,
won; Timemaker, 120 (T. Burns), 13 to 5.
second; The Elector, 117 (Freeman), 5 to
1. third. Time, 1:07 V,. Harry Duke, Mar-
Bella, Sweet William and Gibraltar also
ran. _
One mile, selling— Parole dOr won.
Prince of India second, Lady of the West
third. Time, 1:42.
Six furlongs, selling— Horseshoe Tobac
co won, Minnie Weidon second, Damocles
third. Time, 1:15.
NEW TORK, May 3O.—The Grave
send race course held more people than
on handicap day. Sly Fox, with 111
pounds up, won the Broadway stakes
handily from Mirthful and Mont d'Or.
Five furlongs, Frohslng won. Extreme
second. Dr. Parker third. Time, 1:04.
One mile and a furlong. Ben Eder won.
Howard Mann second, Alvarado II third.
Time, 1:57%.
Clover stakes, four and a half furlongs,
High Degree won, Lady Meddlar second.
Loiterer third. Time, :56%.
Broadway stakes, one and a sixteenth
miles. Sly Fox (6 to 5) won. Mirthful (13
to 5) second, Mont dOr (2 to 1) third.
Time, 1:48.
Five furlongs, selling. Orion won. Lam
bent second. Bastion third. Time. 1:02^,
Five furlongs, selling. Irish Reel won,
Dr. Sharp second, Hanwell third. Time,
1:03.
One and three-fourths miles, selling,
hurdles, Sir Vassar won, Captain Piersall
second. Valorous third. Time, 3:22.
CHICAGO, May 30.— Track good;
weather fair.
Six furlongs. Arrezzo won, Nellie Baker
second, Dixie Lee third. Time, I:2OV*. t
Five furlongs. j Lone \ Princess - won, Ten
ole second. The Tory third. Time, I:OSVi
One and an eighth ■ miles, Moncreith
won;" Deerfobt second; Morte Fonso third
Time, 2:02»i. ;\_ iv^ 1 "/ '■ : ■—■^
Four and :.': a half furlongs, Mouseltoff
won, Nancy Zeltz second, Balz Robertson
third. Time, ;"= i; .c'---.> = :,::: ■ A r,,». ; ,;,
Memorial day handicap, $1500 added, one
and a sixteenth miles; Imp won. Dr. Shep
pard second,: Goodrich third. ;- Time
1:51%.
• Five furlongs, Richard J won; Tom Col-
Una second. Meddler third. - Time, 1:04. j;
HOW CEVERA
WAS TRICKED
BY SCHLEY
Lured Through Clever Maneu
vering to Enter Santiago
Harbor.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, May 29.— Commodore Schley and the
flying squadron have the Spanish fleet bottled up in the harbor of San
tiago de Cuba. By the most clever maneuvering the commodore al
lowed the Spaniards to think he had left in disgust. They took the
bait and ran into the harbor. Commodore Schley moved down this
morning, and at 6 o'clock, going close to the harbor, he saw the Cris
tobal Colon, the Maria Teresa and the two torpedo-boats. He believes
the entire fleet is here.
Commodore Schley has acted upon his own information and judg
ment for the past six days, and he believes the whole Spanish fleet is
in the bay. He sat on the after triangle of the Brooklyn this morning
until after the discovery of the fleet, and he then went to breakfast,
saying:
"I have them, and they will never get home."
The United States auxiliary cruiser St. Pj»u1 arrived here this
morning and was sent to the Mole St. Nicholas with dispatches. She
captured a coal ship, which was sent to Key West by Captain Sigsbee
in charge of a prize crew. The coal was undoubtedly intended for the
Spanish fleet. It is believed there is not much coal at Santiago de
Cuba. The officers and men of the flying squadron are Jubilant over the
fact that the location of the Spanish fleet has finally been definitely
established.
The temperature here is 115 degrees in the shade, and in the steel
turrets the h«*at is actually beyond the power cf imagination.
The American ships here are the Brooklyn, Texas. Massachusetts,
Iowa, Marblehead and Vixen, an auxiliary torpedo gunboat.
Six furlongs, Graziella won, The Devil
second. Lord Fairfax third. Time, 1:17%.
BARRY AND LEON FIGHT
A TWENTY-ROUND DRAW
Little to Choose Between the Two
Boxers After a Scientific
Contest.
NEW YORK, May 30.— Jimmy Barry
and Casper Leon met at the Lenox Ath
letic Club to-night for a twenty-round
contest for the bantam championship of
the world, and after they had fought
twenty rounds, which were productive of
most "scientific work by both boys, the
referee, Johnny White of this city, called
In a draw. There was llttie to choose be
tween the boxers at the finish. Barry
was a big favorite at '2 to 1. but the
money was lost on the result. Several
bets were made at odds on that Leon
w>ukl not stand six rounds. The New
Yorkers who snapped the?- up were the
only winners during the night.
Barry weighed 109 pounds and Leon 106.
Johnny White of this city was mutually
agreed upon to referee the bout.
The mill was lively from the beginning,
Barry rushing the fighting, hut having
■'■■*•£■ ■■■ Is not always the result of overeating or misuse of the %
# digestive organs. It is treated as such by many doctors
# -always That is all wrong. Nine times out of ten it is a m
M Son of nervous waste that has been induced. by the . ,m t
3 abuseo"some other of nature's organs. If spots are seen . »
B before the eyes it Is that for certain. Nature T has pro- • M
M ' vided a -remedy for the loss of vitality. It is "Hudyan.' '• »
■ the specific of "the Hudsonian doctors. "Hudyan" has re- ■
I stored vital force and power to 20.000 half men. Ask for ■
I mine free circulars and testimonials showing . Its marvel- ■
B ous power. It will make you manly again. No matter ■
1 how much you may have erred "Hudyan' is all-powerful -' '. M
I to repair the damage done. Do not mistake loss of 1
I power for Biliousness. Waste no time. rite to-day. ' ■
fly"- • At the slightest sign of blood taint ask for "SO day blood B
:■' cure" circulars. Medical advice free. too. The poison is driven m
m out at once. All stages of the disease yield alike. Remember . :m ..
: W the address. :., : - • ■}'. '■:' ...-■ , m
\ Hudson Medical Institute, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., S. .F. . m
%> FROM THEME ONLY CAN YOU GET M'^'
no material advantage. In fact, the ex
changes were about evenly divided, and
no really tilling blows were struck up
to the thirteenth round. In the thirteenth,
Barry did some wild fighting, and Leon
landed a stinging left on his nose, which
started the blood. Leon ended the round
with a hard right swing on Barry's neck.
The fourteenth round was also in Leon's
favor. In the fifteenth, during a clinch,
Barry landed his left on Casper's ear,
but the referee said nothing. In the six
teenth Loon jabbed a hard left on the
fate without a return. Leon landed left
and right and put a hard right hook on
Barry's jaw and a rib jab over the heart.
In the seventeenth Casper jabbed his
right on the wind, which made Barry
grunt. Barry uppercut him. Leon jabbed
left on face as the gong sounded.
Round 18 was without advantage to
either man, and in the nineteenth Barry
rushed again but gained nothing by it.
Leon was bleeding from the nose at the
end of the round, but Barry looked the
weaker of the two. In the closing round,
Leon landed the left on the face and
Barry clinched. At close quarters they
exchanged rights and lefts on the head
repeatedly and each landed two hard
on as on the face.
The decision was popular with the spec
tators.
Hammer-Throw Record Beaten.
NEW YORK, May 30.— At the grounds of
the New Jersey Athletic Club at Bay*
onne, N. J., this afternoon, in throwing
the 16-pound hammer. John Flannagan of
the New York Athletic Club, the holder
of the world? record, was defeated by
his only competitor, J. C. McCracken of
the University of Pennsylvania. Mc-
Cracken made a new world' 9 record of
153 feet 8 inches, v/hich beats the record
hy one inch.
Ex-Governor Carpenter Dead.
FORT DODGE. lowa. May 30.— Cyru«
Carpenter, ex-Governor o lowa, died
here last ev-nlng. aged 69.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Half" :
an i?
Hour's
HIDE UPON A
f **~&* gave! -fiaar
Chainless Bicycle
Will convince you that it is the easiest
running, most noiseless and perfect
Bicycle made.
Test it at our expense.
Pope Mfg. Co., Makers
344 Post Street, San Francisco. .
1970 Page Street, Cyclery.
wm. clark:,
102 Telegraph Aye., Oakland.
DOCTORS, ATTENTION!
RARE OPPORTUNITY FOR, BUSINESS.
The long-established offices of James Mur-
t phy, M.D., and James I. Stanton, M.D. (both,
! deceased), 669 Clay st., cor. of Kearny, con-
, sisting of 6 rooms and dispensary attached;
! the offices are completely furnished with chairs,
tables, operating- tables, carpets, bookcases,
; Hall's safe, etc.; the dispensary Is . fully sup-
: plied with drugs, etc. : . I bought these offices
j shortly after Dr. Stanton's decease, anticipat-
ing placing my son therein; have had a good
! physician keep office hours 'there daily; my:
! son has just taken a position in a hospital In
; the East, hence will not come here, and the
! offices and fixtures and good will are for sale;
! rent $55 per month, including water and jani-
' tor; a first-class opening for 1 or 2 doctors; th«
I doctor now In charge, would remain, but <•
, going abroad; price for the whole $700. Call oa
i the premises from 1 to 3 dally. JOHN- F.
ENGLISH, Clay and Davis sts., or address
P. O. box 2415. 4 .-. V .
MADE ME A MAN
*&**. AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBB
hf "I A. LI, Ifvrrowt HUeaMfjt— Faillna Mem* 1
¥3 -» * \ ory, Impotencr, Hleeplessnees, etc., canned "
If Tl bj Abase or other Excesses and India*
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CTJBH
ALZ.lferrou* Diseases— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other Eicdutea aad Indis-
cretions. Thftf quickly and atiretu
\ **7 restore Lost Vitality in old or young, ana
vSSv^W fit a man for study, business or marriage. -
Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Their use shows immediate ltnproTe-
inent and effects a CURB whore all other fail In-
sist upon baring the gsualr>n Ajnx Tablets. I They '
have cured thousands and will cure yon. We live a pos-
itive written guarantee to eilact a cure CA ATQ la
each case or refund tho money. Price Vw V IVi per
package; or six pkrres 'full treatment: for C 2.50 .: By
mail. In plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
free. AJAX IJF"*F rw^l , H?-'^"?,?'''
For sale in San Francisco by I>ipnlta & Csv.
136 Butter. . No- Percentage Pharmacy. 949 . Mkt.
ROM DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
B|Jj^nfcS!B Five hundred reward for any cose
•■■ H| we cannot cure. This secret remedy
X^_^_ q stops all . losses in 24 hours, cures
■■■ KB Kmissions. Impotency, Yaricocele, .
RTI t^ffl Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
Unm InJ Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
ni*i BBfl fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
BSmBBBSSEP sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. -Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 . Broadway, Oakland A Cal. ?■ Also
for sale at 1073 1 * Market St.. S. P. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for. free book.
PR.MOTLTY.
a'rrrs r.-Er.L known and rkliable oli»
- X Specialist ewe* Private. Nervous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over :
CO years' experience, Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Horns. Terms reasonable. ' Hours, 9 to 8
daily toB.3o«T'srs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. ', Call or address
p. Rosroi: McNI7I«T-r. W. »>.. i
961* KearitT Street "Man I'ranritoo. C»J,
HUMEEE
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
B Colored •: Spots, Aches, Old . Sores, ' Ulcers
■In Mouth, Hair-Falling l ! Write COOK REM- S
B EDY CO., 213 ■?■ MASONIC TEMPLE, ' CHI- r
■ C AGO. . ILL., ' for ■ proofs •■ of cures. ■ Capital t
m (600.000. Worst cases cured In IS to 86 day*
I 1100-page1 100-page book free. ; ■'-'.:-■'.;; . ;-.,. -^-«if
84
PRESIDENT
McKINLEYAT
ARLINGTON
Joins in the Services at
the Bivouac of the
Dead.
Honors Paid Departed Heroes
at the National and Other
Cemeteries.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, May 30.
In the center fl«ld of "The Bivouac of
the Dead," the great amphitheater of
the National Cemetery at Arlington,
President McKinley and three of his
Cabinet to-day joined 6000 other citi
zens in doing honor to the patriotic
dead. The ceremonies were held simul
taneously in different parts of the cem
etery, but the main ceremonies were in
the amphitheater close to the old Lee
mansion. There some 2500 people gath
ered, while on the platform was a dis
tinguished company headed by Presi
dent McKinley, Vice-President Hobart,
Secretary of War Alger, Secretary of
the Treasury Gage, Secretary of Agri
culture Wilson and United States Sena
tor Thurston, the orator of the day
Just back of them sat Commissioner of
Pensions Evans and other officials, the
Chinese Minister and the Korean Min
ister and representations from other le
gations. Prior to the ceremonies there
was a procession of members of the
Grand Army, the Sons of Veterans, the
"Woman's Relief Corp, ex-soldiers and
sailors and the general public headed
by the Fourth Artillery band, halting
for a brief service at the "Tomb of the
Unknown," the band meanwhile play
ing a dirge, and then marching through
the grounds, proceeding to the work of
decorating the graves.
The President and party were very
prompt In arriving, and soon after they
reached the platform the assembly was
called to order by Commander Arthur
Hendricks of the Department of the
Potomac, G. A. R. The exercises c-m
brac^d a number of addresses, pooins,
singing by a quartet and the customary
reading of orders. The feature of the
ceremonies, however, was the address
of Senator Thurston of Nebraska, who
was introduced as one always ready to
lend his aid to the cause of liberty and
patriotism. His oration was listened to
most attentively by the audience :ind
prolonged applause greeted his refer
ence to the absence of sectionalism
and to the presence of Admiral I>ewey
in the harbor of Manila. Senator Thurs
ton said in conclusion:
War Is a terrible thing, to be Bhunned
and avoided whenever and as far as pos-
Fihle. But I have no sympathy with those
who believe that war should be avoided
at the sacrifice of national honor, at the
expense of humanity or the loss of lib
erty. I cannot love those who turn deaf
ears to the unceasing cries of the victims
of tyranny, inhumanity and barbarity,
because liberty and relief can only come
through the shedding of blood. If I read
God's history aright, civilization and
Christianity have not come from the sur
vival of the fittest, but by the sacrifice
of the best. What puny human intelli
gence dares to assert that the blood of
Lexington was not sacred, even as the
blood of Calvary? Warren at Bunker
Hill, Baker at Balls Bluff, Bagley at
Cardenas, all gloriously died to hasten
the coming of God's kingdom on earth.
Tea, and Dewey, in the harbor of Manila,
was the blessed messenger of God's Just
wrath.
I do not know when this war with Spain
•will cease. I do not know what sacri
fices we may be calied upon to make. I
do not know how many headstones may
yet be added to this city of the dead. I
do not know how many mothers' hearts
may mourn. I do not know how many al
tars may be desolated. But I do know
that whatever the cost, the delivering of
the new world from the barbarity and
inhumanity of Spain's merciless despot
ism will be worth it all. I do know that
the cementing together of the hearts of
all the people In enduring friendship and
abiding love; I do know that the con
secration of American energies, the up
lifting of American sentiment in so un
eelflsh and holy a cause; I do know that
this touching of elbows under the one flag ]
by th» men and the sons of the men j
who faced each other <vn our battlefields |
under two flags; I do know that this ac- j
complishment or God's great purpose will
bring to the American people God's choic
est Blessing and reward. And I have
faith to believe that from above the
opened heavenß the great war President,
Abraham Lincoln, looks down approving
ly upon our great war President, William |
McKJnley, while Grant and Lee, could I
they but speak to us to-day, would fire I
the hearts of their old lieutenants now
In command of the armies of the United
States with the Inspiring cry "On to
Cuba."
Rest in peace, oh mighty dead. The j
cause for which you fought can never be
assailed. Rest In peace— the race whose |
freedom you achieved will bless you with !
their latest breath. Rest In peace — the !
union you preserved remains forever, and :
liberty, equal rights and Justice are the
heritage of your descendants to the
Judgment Day. God blesa the men who
followed the flag.
The Presidential party left at the
conclusion of Senator Thurston's ora
tion, driving almost immediately back
to the city. Hon. John C. Chancy, ex-
Assistant Attorney-General of the
United States, also delivered an ora
tion, In the course of which he pre
dicted that no nation whose most glo
rious boast is the feats of Its bull
fighters, can long withstand the ad
vancing columns of our military hosts.
Simultaneously with the exercises in
the amphitheater, a smaller assemblage
gathered on the front porch of the
mansion where the Confederate chief
tain, Lee, spent much of his life, to at
tend special naval services at the tomb
of Admiral Porter. Ex-Secretary of
Navy Hilary A. Herbert of Alabama
was the speaker of the day, and an ad
dress was also delivered by W. H.
Michael, chief clerk of the State De
partment. Mr. Herbert said in part:
Here rest the hallowed remains of
heroes of the army and navy of the
Union, but here also are heroes of the
Confederacy, all sleeping in the same
soil and covered by the same flag, and ex-
Union and ex-Confederate soldiers and
sailors are here alike to pay united tri
bute to the deeds of those who muue for
ever glorious the epoch of our great
Civil War. Never was there a civil wax
like ours, and never were the fruits of a
war richer or more beneficent. There
wae no compromise. Secession the issue
and slavery the incident were settled for
ever; nothing left for dispute, and aa the
God of nature Intended ft should be, wo
became at last one country, such a union
of state and people as Washington and
Franklin and Jackson fought for,
dreamed of and planned, but never
lived to Bee. J would not pluck a leaf
from the chaplet that adorns the brow of i
any soldier of that war, Federal or Con
federate, yet it la only fair to say that
while history has done no more than Jus
tice to them, it has not done full Justice
to the sailors of the Civil War. The
Union navy, better supplied, achieved re
sults out of all proportion to the num
bers enlisted in the army and navy;
aye, even out of all proportion to
the cost of the two branches of the
service. Certainly no one knows better
than the Confederates the telling effect
of the blows delivered by the United
States navy during the Civil War, and it
muy be that without them we should
have had two governments where we now
have one, and that Wheeler and Fitz
hugh Lee would be to-day commanding
army corps on the South side of a line
of forts and custom houses running
across this continent from east to west,
while Brooke and Shafter commanded on
the Northern side of the line. Let us
unite, my countrymen, in the prayer that
in the war we are now waging for lib
erty's and humanity's sake our soldiers
and our sailors may continue to be
worthy of those from whose loins they
have sprung, and that the future of our
beloved country may be as bright as is
the promise of to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, May 30.— Not since
the year of its institution has Memorial
day had a more impressive observance
than that of to-day. At the Lincoln
monument, in Fairmount Park, ser
vices were held by George Q. Meade
Post No. 1, after which the post visited
the grave of General Meade. An ad-
dress was delivered by Archdeacon
Cyrus D. Brady. At Laurey Hill Cem
etery General Daniel E. Sickles was the
orator of the day, and an address was
also delivered by General St. Clair A.
Mullholland. At the tomb of Anna M.
Boss, in Monument Cemetery, marked
honors were paid. Colonel Fred Tay
lor Post No. 13, after attending the
services, marched to Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. In the parade was a pony
phaeton containing two little girls, one
dressed as America and the other as
England. A float capable of seating
sixty-five pupils of the public schools,
decorated with the national colors of
the United States and England, was
also a feature.
CHICAGO, May 30.— 1n addition to
the great number of graves of Union
soldiers 6000 Confederate dead lie
buried in cemeteries here. Not one of
them, Northerner or Southerner, was
overlooked to-day. After the cere
monies at the cemeteries to-day there
was a magnificent parade in the heart
of the city. The line of march was
ablaze with national colors. The city
has never before on Decoration Day
seen such an outpouring as greeted the
old soldiers to-day. Practically the
whole population turned out to honor
the veterans and cheer the volunteer
defenders. The parade was com
posed of six divisions, and was partici
pated in by about all the military or
ganizations, secret societies and march
ing clubs of the city. The cheers were
loudest when the Ninth battalion of
colored soldiers, under Captain Mar
shall, fell into line. They will be the
first to go out under the new call and
the only representation which this city
will have in the call for 75,000 volun
teers. One of the features of the par
ade which drew forth demonstrations
from the crowd was the tattered pen
nant of the ill-fated battleship Maine
which was borne In the ranks.
CLEVELAND, May 30.— The Me
morial Day exercises to-day eclipsed
In many respects all former events of
like character in the history of Cleve
land. The present war with Spain has
increased the general interest in the
Memorial Day exercises and as a re
sult a number of civic and semi-mili*
tary organizations marched in the
Decoration Day parade for the first
time. Appropriate exercises were held
and the graves of the dead in all of the
various cemeteries were profusely
strewn with flowers.
PITTSBt'RG, May 30. — Memorial
S Day was more generally observed In
; Pittsburg and vicinity than for many
! years, due, of course, to the war feel
j ing. There were no special decorations
* at the grave of Lieutenant Jenkins of
! the Maine, but the naval reserve fired
I a salute. The day passed without ac
cident or special incident.
CINCINNATI, May 30.— Owing to the
arrangements now in progress for the
national encampment of the Grand
j Army of the Republic her© next Sep
j tember, the local posts are unusually
active and gave the largest parade to
day ever known here on Memorial Day.
Starting at 9 a. m. the line of march
extended over the principal streets and
! then special trains took all to Spring
, Grove Cemetery, where the usual exer
! cises took place.
GETTYSBTTRQ, Pa., May 30.— The
i memorial exercises held at the National
Cemetery here to-day were participated
in by more people than ever before. The
school children, members of the Ladies'
Aid Society and the people generally
strewed flowers over the graves of the
soldier dead. Congressman George J.
Benner of this district presided and the
principal address was delivered by Hon.
Webster Davis, Assistant Secretary of
I the Interior.
LEXINGTON, Ky., May 30.— For the
first time since the war the Confeder
ate veterans Joined with the G. A. R in
observing Memorial day and decorat
ing the graves of Union soldiers. The
ceremonies at the cemetery were most
impressing.
NASHVILLE, Term., May 30.— The
graves of the Federal soldiers in the
National cemeteries near Nashville and
Murfreesboro were decorated to-day.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., May 30.— 0n
account of the volunteer army en
camped on ground where thousands of
Union soldiers buried here lost their
lives during the Civil War, the Decor
ation day exercises to-day were unus
ually impressive. The 13,000 graves in
the National -Cemetery were covered
with flowers and flags. At 3p.m. a
long procession formed and to the
strains of martial music furnished by
the Fourth Ohio Regiment Band
marched to the stand in the cemetery
where the exercises were held. The
annual oration was delivered by Cap
tain Henry A. Castle of Washington.
D. C. The benediction was pronounced
by Frank M. Bruner, chaplain-ln-chief
of the G. A. R., and a salute was fired
over the graves by a detachment from
Camp Thomas.
INDIANAPOLIS. May 30.— Memorial
day was generally observed here to
day. Ex-Judge B. W. Howe, who de
livered the principal address, dwelt on
the close relations between the North
and South, and advocated th« return-
Ing of the Southern flags.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
MANY CRIMES
UP IN ALASKA
Murders Committed by
Whites and Indians.
TRIALS IN DISTRICT COURT
THOUSANDS CAMPED ALONG
THE TRAILS.
When the Ice Breaks on the Lakes
and Rivers the Bush to the
..Klondike. Will Be
>•■]-./-<% Resumed. " -. '
Special Corrrspondenca of Th« Call.
DYEA, Alaska, May 22.— During the
last two weeks the United States Dis
trict Court in session at Sitka has been
occupied most of the time with the
trials of three cases of murder — two
from Skaguay and one from Dyea,
which occurred last winter and early
spring, when those towns were a lit
tle fuller of toughs, cutthroats and
sure-thing men than they are now.
But Sheep Camp, up on the Dyea trial,
not to be behind the more pretentious
gateways to the Klondike, furnished a
murder early last' Friday morning for
the next session of Uncle Sam's tri-
bunal to try.
John Peterson was one of the best
known characters of Sheep Camp. He
was an auctioneer and sold anything,
i Peterson's place had the reputation of
! not being fastidious about where goods
may have come from which were of
fered to him for sale. He is said never
to have asked questions, and made ai
effort to get anything from a sack o
: flour to a pack strap quickly sold an
; out of sight. He and a gambl
named Pat Malone had hot words ov
a batch of goods which had bee
stolen, and it is alleged, mysterious
disposed of. Friday mo-ning ear
Malone stopped in front of Peterson
place and opened up a volley of curse
upon him that would cause a Spaniar
to hide his head with envy. Peterso
was in bed on the second floor of th
house. He got up and opened fire o
Malone. The latter drew his revolv
and shot through the boards at tl
spot where he thought Peterson migh
be. At last Peterson appeared at a
window. Malone's bir^ revolver flashed j
instantly. A heavy bullet tore its way
up through Peterson's abdomen and
body, and he dropped down a corpse.
Peterson's place was not popular a
Sheep Camp, and his sudden deat
brought out but few expressions o
sympathy. Malone was arrested ant
is nonv in custody here. He will b
taken to Sitka on the next steamshi
for safe keeping.
George Mehan and James Fox, two
well-known Alaskan miners, are re
ported to have been killed by Indians
a few days apo on McClintock River.
They are said to have been comin
down the river to Lake Marsh in
small boat when they were fired on b
Indians from ambush. Mehan was
shot through the heart, dying instant
ly, but Fox, fatally wounded, escaped
from the boat and made his way down
shore to the Canadian Police Station on
th'i lake, where he reported what had
happened and died. The report lacks
confirmation and is not believed here.
There is no trouble with the Indians in
the interior. Mehan had just sold a
piece of property In Juneau for $3000
and left with Fox for the Yukon Basin.
The ice in the lakes is showing signs
of impatience at the delay of the
weather in allowing it to break up. It
has thawed out 300 feet from shore on
Lakes T^inderman and Bennett. The
first hard wind that blows is expected
to break up the ice and release it, and
then the thousands of men encamped
there will begin their long float down
the river.
The manifests of all ships arriving
j since January 1 last show that a total
I of 19,000 persons have been carried to
Juneau, Dyea and Skaguay. Of these
about 4000 have returned south, about
5000 are in Dyea, Skaguay and on the
i trail, and the remaining 10,000 of the
] total number are an army encamped
between Lake Lebarge and the sum
mits of the trails. Most of these have
their boats built or nearly completed.
Among them are a number of specula
tors who will either make $50 or more
| for every dollar so far invested or go
broke entirely. One man has three
large boat loads of oranges and lemons
which he expects to sell for $1 each at
Dawson, and another has three tons of
nails which are worth from $5 to $10
per pound in Dawson now.
Of course there will be plenty of nails
for building purposes after the first flo
tilla of boats gets up the river next
month or In July, but the nail specula
tor will make Dawson in ten or twelve
days after the ice breaks up so he can
go down with the water.
The Canadian police over at the
lakes are doing many humane acts for
the relief of man's most useful brute
friend, the horse. There is no more
working horses without food till they
drop from sheer exhaustion, as was
very frequently the cruel practice on
the trails last fall during the rush.
When the police find out that a man
cannot feed his animals they either
compel him to do so or they shoot the
animals. In this they have the support
of the general- sentiment. Within a
week after the ice breaks the river will
present the unprecedented spectacle of
ten thousand men in nearly half as
many boats floating thick as the sec
tions of Xerxes pontoon bridge down
the Lewis into the mighty Yukon and
on to Dawson. Campfires at night will
gleam thick as the flash of fireflies
along a distance of fiOO miles.
The Dalton trail from Pyramid Har
bor will be the cattle trail of the sum
mer. It is being cleared now, and
bridges are being built across the
streams by Jack Dalton and his asso
ciates. A toll of so much per head will
be charged the cattle crossing on the
bridges.
The general merchandise house of
Scott &Lindsey of Dyea failed yesterday
for a total of $2103 91. Creditors closed
in on them. The San Francisco credi
tors are: Greenebaum, Weil X Michels,
$304 31; Buckingham & Hecht, $255 44;
Louis Klein & Co., $161. The heads of
two small firms at Skapuay have
skipped out for the lakes, leaving their
creditors in the lurch.
United States District Judge C. S.
Johnson during the regular term of
court at Sitka this week Imposed on
each saioon in Alaska a fine of $100.
As there are about three hundred sa
loons in the various cities of the dis
trict the total fines will amount to $30,
000, quite a neat sum to assist the
revenue of the district. The saloons
are fined for selling liquor in violation
of law. HAL HOFFMAN.
Columbia Being Repaired.
NEW YORK, May 30.— The cruiser
Columbia was placed In the drydock
this afternoon. A number of me
chanics and laborers were at work rip
ping out the damaged plateß. The
collier Leonldas left the yard to-day
and the collier Pompey, In command of
Captain Narley, steamed out a few
hours later.. The destination of neither
vessel was made known, but It Is un
derstood that they are bound for south
ern waters.
TRIED TO RUN
THE BLOCKADE
British Steamer Restor
mel Captured.
HAD COAL FOR SPANIARDS
BUT A SHOT FROM THE ST. PAUL
STOPPED HER.
Bold Attempt to Carry Fuel and Re
lief to the Fleet Locked Up
in Santiago de Cuba
Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEx T"EST, May 30.— The British
I steamer F.estormel was brought in
here this mon.ing as a prize, having
! been captured while trying to put into
Santiago de Cuba with coal.
The Restormel was captured under
the very guns of Morro Caatle. She
carried 2400 tons of the best Welsh
coal from Cardiff, presumably intended
for Admiral Cervera's fleet. The St.
Paul had been lying off Santiago for
six days, and early last Wednesday
morning the big collier was sighted,
making at full speed for Santiago har-
bar. The St. Paul fired a blank shot
and the Restormel came to four miles
from the Santiago forts. The forts
did not fire on the cruiser. A prize
crew, in command of Lieutenant J. A.
Pattson, was put on board and dis
possessed the British officers, who made
no protest.
Notalinewasfound among the ship's
papers relative to the destinacion or
consignee of the cargo. The Restor
mel was hearded at once for Key West.
She was leaking badly when captured
j and is stlil in a serious condition.
The Restormel now lies in the har
bor near the wharf. The British flag
is flying at her stern. Marines patrol
the prize and will allow no one aboard.
The members of her crew are not even
allowed to take newspapers offered to
them from launches that come along-
In addition to the St. Paul there were
five other naval Bcouts outside Santi
ago, establishing a definite blockade in
the sense that no merchant vessels are
allowed to enter. •
Ke guard on the Restormel is so
t that even the British Consul is
permitted to go on board. The
ncr cleared from Cardiff for San
 and is believed to have touched
at that point and to have been ordered
to Santiago. It is rumored that she
had Spanish officers on board.
Lieutenant Pattson, the prize com
mander of the Restormel, made an ex
plicit statement this morning-, saying
the steamer hove to after the first shot.
He added that the Spanish forts did
not appear to notice the capture. The
lieutenant also said the Restormel is
uninjured, and he has made the same
statement to the Federal authorities
here.
AMENDING THE
WAR REVENUE BILL
Senate Finance Committee Devotes
Three Hours to the
Measure.
WASHINGTON, May 30.— The Sen
ate Committee on Finance was in ses
sion for three hours to-day considering
amendments which have been sug
; gested to the war revenue bill. The
j time was spent largely in an exchange
I of views upon the policy of accepting
any amendments which are not ger
mane to the bill, the result being a de
termination to accept non« such of
whatever character. The talk was
directed especially toward the amend
ment of Senator Lodge for the annexa
tion of Hawaii and that of Senator
Morgan providing for a form of gov
ernment for acquired territory, and
there was a general expression of opin
ion that they should not be accepted by
the committee, and, furthermore, that
if necessary they should be met with
motions to table. This decision was
also made applicable to other like
amendments, such as that offered by
Senator Pettigrew for the abrogation
of the Hawaiian reciprocity treaty.
There was no dissenting view from this
policy. Senators favorable personally
to the various amendments agreed
with those who were not, that, with
the door once opened to changes not
pertinent to the main subject of the
bill, the end would be indefinitely post
poned.
The committee also discussed, to some
extent, amendments suggesttngchanges
In th» method of taxing transactions
of stock and grain exchanges and in
surance brokers, but decided to leave
the provisions relating to these sub- j
Jects as they now stand.
The only two changes of Importance
decided upon related to drugs and to
recipes. The amendment regarding
recipes exempts them for amounts be- |
low $5 and that in relation to drugs is i
a verbal change making clearer the !
meaning of the committee that drugs j
and proprietary articles should be
taxed only when sold.
There was also a virtual understand
ing that, if the Gorman amendment
should be adopted by the Senate, there
would be still further changes in the
stamp tax made, as in that event it
will not be necessary to collect so large
a sum on stamps. The committee is
divided on the Gorman amendment.
OUTBURST OF FRIENDSHIP
FOR THE UNITED STATES
Services in Which the Stara and
Stripes and Union Jack
Shared Honors.
TORONTO, Ont., May 30.— An extra
ordinary outburst of friendship for the
United States and in favor of Anglo-
Saxon unity was witnessed in nearly all
the Toronto churches and in many
churches throughout Ontario yester
day. The Central Congregational
Church, on Bond street, had more than
2000 people at each service and this was
a sample of others throughout the city.
Pictures of the Queen and President
McKinley were prominently displayed
above the pulpit and the building was
profusely decorated with Union Jacks,
Stars and Stripes and Cuban flags.
Many of the congregation carried small
Stars and Stripes and Union Jacks. The
vast congregation joined heartily in
singing "God Save the Queen" and
"The Star Spangled Banner."
At Massey Music Hall there was a
military service conducted by the Rev.
G. Ellerid of Austin, Tex. He preached
a sermon which was an eloquent plea
for the closest possible relations be
tween the two countries, which he be
lieved would be the best secured by the
federation of Great Britain and her col
onies. He predicted that the errors and
animosities of the past would be forgot
ten in the great work which lay before
the two countries In liberating the op
pressed and throwing wide the com
merce of the world to the enterprise of
the Anglo-Saxon race.
VALLEY ROAD
NEARS TULARE
Grading Completed to
the City Limits.
RAILS WILL BE LAID SOON.
END OF MONOPOLY'S RULE IN
SIGHT.
Before Many Weeks Have Passed the
First Train of the Competing
Line Will Be Given
a Welcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TULARE, May 30.— The graders on
the Visalia and Tulare branch of the
Valley road have completed the grade
from the main line at Jacob's Well to
the eastern edge of this city. The grade
through Tulare is completed with the
exception of a fifty foot fill where it
crosses the tracks of the Southern Pa
cific. The grading for the depet site
and for all the side tracks and corral
tracks are now finished.
The grading outfits will now move
to a line east of the town, and the work
of completing the grade from Tulare to
Visalia will be rushed from now on.
This grade is not a heavy one, and will
not consume quite as much time as was
expended on the work west of Tulare.
Less than ten miles of grading remains
to be done, and then the work of laying
the rails will be" commenced.
A part of the Grant Brothers' outfit,
consisting of four cars of horses and
mules and two cars of grading utensils
has been shipped from Tulare to Chi
huahua, Mexico, where the Grants have
a large contract to complete. A con
siderable force will remain here to com
plete the grade to Visalia.
Before many weoks Valley Road
trains will enter Tulare, and the people
will give them a warm greeting.
TO CHECK BLATANT
PRO-SPANISH FEELING
Special Effort Made by the American
Colony in Paris to Honor Lafay
ette's Memory.
PARIS, May 30.— With a view to
I check the blatant pro-Spanish feeling
1 here and enlist the sympathies of
Frenchmen on the side of America, a
special effort was made by the Amer
ican colony to-day to do honor to the
memory of Lafayette. A big gather
ing proceeded to his tomb in the Pypus
Cemetery, which was decorated with
wreaths and mutual flags. The United
States Embassador, General Horace
Porter, deposited the America^ wreaths
and in an eloquent speech referred to
America's debt to Lafayette and the
"unbreakable ties between the two
people." He was warmly applauded.
M. Bartholdi followed in the same
strain, but hf> said he deplored the fact
that it was believed that there existed
a new spirit among modern Americans
"which differed from the traditions of
the founders of the republic." Con
tinuing, M. Bartholdi said Frenchmen
looked to General Porter and Amer
icans like him to "keep the United
States faithful to its great principles
of liberty and justice which presided
at the birth of the republic."
The military band present played
American and j.'rench anthems and all
those who attended the ceremonies de
filed before the tomb.
COLUSA COUNTY PRIMARIES.
John Boggs the Choice of Democrats
for State Senator.
COTiUSA. May 30.— Out of the forty clti
! Zens who sought office through the Demo
: cratlc primary election on Saturday the
; following will be the nominees: Senator,
j John Boggs; Sheriff. J. H. Sherer; Clerk
• and Recorder, J. W. Crutcher; Auditor,
! D. O. Baker; Tax Collector, E. A. Houch
j ins; Treasurer, R. F. Welch; Assessor,
! George B. Harden; District Attorney, I.
j G. Zumwalt; Superintendent of Schools,
; Miss Lillie Laugenour; Coroner, J. H.
i Jones; Surveyor, A. J. Butler; Supervis
: ors— G. W. Allgaier for the Fifth District
1 and F. G. Myers for the First District.
Fresno Guards Are Ready.
FRESNO, May 30.— Captain Jones
writes from San Francisco that Com
pany F will probably be called out.
The men are ready to move.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLD PICK LINE"
JOHNSON- LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
109 Market Street, Sad Francisco,
BOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND.
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers I
JUNE 3—
for dutch harbor., nuntvak ISLAND.
hoopers bay, st. Michael and
dawson CITY,
thl: STEAMSHIP
T IL m O O K.
JUNE r ~
I FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND, DUTCH HARBOR,
NUNIVAK ISLAND, HOOPERS BAY,
ST. MICHAEL AND " DAW-
SON CITY,
The Newly built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE DOLLAR;
; . Connecting "at - the \ mouth :> of the - Putnam
River with the river steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which. will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity: of Fort Cosmos. 
-JUNE e>— ~ : ' \ \.
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CITY AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
The Magnificent Steamer ;' : , "
MORGAN CITY,
Capacity 700 Passengers, 2000 Tons of Freight.
The above ' steamers are the - finest of their
class; every comfort . given to passengers ; best
table set •of any ■ line • running . to : Alaska. If
you are going to Alaska go by a reliable line. ;
. For • Information address r : : <. V- - r
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY,
fBB3S&£&8&!£~- ' 609 Market St., \ San , Francisco. : •.
Wright's Indian Veietable Pills ;
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
. have i used them - for over ; forty ' years •to cur«
BICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. • CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid . Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify th« blood.  : ■-: .-■ ■-. . '-.. -• • r ■ „ ,- :
Grossman's Sped Mixture
UlUobllldllO upblllb llAilllij
V With * this ~> remedy & persons ?;. can 'i cure ? them-
•elves without ■ the >. least exposure, charm of
diet or change in application to business. Th«
. medicine contains ■ nothing of the f least Injury
'to ! the constitution. Ask your druggist { tor : It.
Price. » a bottle. -
FIFTY YEARS OF
MARRIED LIFE
Golden Wedding- Fete at
Santa Cruz.
THE PIONEERS MAKE MERRY
ENTERTAINED BY MR. AND
MRS. ANDREW TRUST.
Aged Couple Celebrating the Anniver
sary of Their Wedding, Which
Occurred a Half-Cen
tury Ago.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SANTA CRUZ. May SO. — Mr. and
Mrs. Trust, two of Santa Cruz's oldest
residents. to-day celebrated their
golden wedding anniversary at their
beautiful home at 11 Lincoln street.
On May 29, 1848, In the city of Balti
more, they were united In marriage by
Rev. Dr. Hervey Scheib, pastor of
Zion German Lutheran Church, who
had confirmed Mr. Trust when the lat
ter was a boy. Mr. Scheib died last
year at the age of 90 years.
The home was decorated in a very
elaborate manner, the prevailing color
being golden-hued flowers. Hothouse
plants were used in profusion, as were
quantities of feathery bamboo, while
throughout the rooms were beautiful
floral pieces sent by many friends.
Golden colored ribbons were in grace
ful festoons in the hall, parlors and
dining room, the effect bsing very
pretty.
The aged couple received their
friends in the parlor and under a
floral bower. The guests were served
by Mrs. Emma Brooks and Mrs. Sarah
Poehlmann of Baltimore, daughters of
the host and hostess.
The gathering was a reminder of old
times, as all of Santa Cruz's pioneers
were present. Mr. and Mrs. Trust have
been identified with Santa Cruz from
the time of its founding, Mr. Trust
having arrived in 1849 and Mrs. Trust
in 1852, both : .aking the trip around
Cape Horn. Guests were present from
San Francisco and t.-legrams of con
gratulations were received from rela
tives in Baltimore, Md., from San
Francisco and other towns.
In the dining room the decorations
were orange blossoms and branches
with their golden fruit. Here all the
guests were served with refreshments
by young ladies, relatives of the fam
ily.
Mr. and Mrs. Trust are both natives
of Germany, but came to the United
States when young and settled in Bal
timore. Their home in Santa Cruz has
always been noted for its hospitality.
Dupont to Be Repaired.
MOBILE, May 30.— The torpedo-boat
Dupont arrived here to-day to go into
dock for repairs to her hull, she having
been in collision with some vessel at
Key West. She will be off in two or
three days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 H H r (]N r r X i N h
1 IIU I iw i*« is— rf jL*t Aa. Ljll^ jUj .
• ESTABLISHED ON THE RIVER 1869.
SIX FAST AND COMMODIOUS RIVER STEAMERS NOW IN SERVICE AND ON
the river; six new steamers building In addition and will b« ready to run when navlga-
tlOn passengers by our line are assured IMMEDIATE CONNECTION AT ST. MICHAEL
and other advantages accruing from the fact of our having stations and warehouses at all
important points on the river, having facilities -which, as the result of our 30 years' experi-
ence In the country, far excel anything that can be offered by others.
OUR RIVER FLEET WILL CONSISg OF THE FOLLOWING STEAMERS :
ALICE, HANNAH, SAIDIE, BELLA,
SARAH, VICTORIA, MARGARET, SUSIE,
YUKON, LEAH, LOUISE, W. H. SEWARD.
They are specially adapted to the trade and fitted with every possible appliance and Im-
provement for speed, safety, comfort and the peculiar conditions of the traffic, which our long
connection with the business has given us unequaled opportunities to cope with. j
OUR OCEAN FLEETWILL CONSIST OF: .
Steamer ST. PAUL— New Steel Steamer, 2300 tons. ; •
Steamer PORTLAND, Steamer BERTHA, Steamer DORA
The last three vessels are favorably known to all who have traveled via St. Michael, and
j the new St. Paul will be the finest and best appointed vessel on this run.
Sailing Dates from San Francisco About June sth and at Short
Intervals Thereafter. . •
The advantages we offer are Immediate connection at St. Michael and our superior facili-
ties for handling the traffic. We can ; start up the river th«. moment navigation opens.
OUR BOATS ARE THERE AND READY.
Letters of credit and certificates of deposit Issued payable at our stations on th» rlY«r. In
connection with AVKLf.S, '800 & CO. we have established a parcel express aervlc* ;
reaching all points on the river. The company also maintains stations and does a general
transportation and trading business at all points in Western and Southern Alaska, Including ■
Copper River, Cooks Inlet, Turnapain Arm, etc., etc. ■ . , -.> . '
Steamer Dora, Sltka to Unalaska and way ports, leaving Sltka Jun« 10, for all point* la
South, - Eastern and ■ Western Alaska. -
For rates or further particulars apply, to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome Street,
■■:\"sl:'.*,;:''X' .' .' , ■ - ' SAN FRAN CISCO, CAL. . . '! ' ■
My mother's headaches were of the sort that people call sick
headache. They always were in some way the result ;of a disturbed
stomach. She would have them sometimes more than once a week,
j. and then she might go several weeks without having one. Generally
an attack would only spoil. one [day, but sometimes she would be sick
' for two or three days. When she learned about. Ripans Tabules,
found that they always relieved her decidedly, and : her attacks are
-,-' now much less frequent than they used to be. She continues to mako
use of the Tabules when occasion arises, but she says that now one or
two will not produce the effect they did in the beginning. She keeps
• a supply of them in the house all the time, and I believe if she would
take them according to directions, they would cure her entirely. You
. know her life is that of a farmer's ; wife. I suppose her experience ia \
that of thousands of others who stay pretty closely at home and de- *
pend \ or ; • food " mainly ■■ upon thoso things which ) the farm produce!.
Under such conditions the stomach will get upset now and then unless
• precautions are taken to avoid it. Ripans Tabules are precaution*.
CORDING HIS
GOLD CLAIM
Fresno Banker Armed
for Battle.
A CLASH SEEMS IMMINENT
TROUBLE AT THE DIGGINGS
NEAR SELMA,
Contest for the Possession of a
Location at the Scene of
the Recent Rich
Discovery. v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. May 30.— Excitement over
the discovery of gold near Selma con
tinues, and trouble over claims now
seems imminent. City Treasurer Snod
grassis guarding his claim with a shot
gun and pistol, while the discoverer of
it seems determined to eject him. J.
M. Lowe and his sixteen-year-old boy
made the discovery and brought some
of the ore to town. It was shown to
Snodgrass, who is a banker, and he
went out and took possession of the
boy's claim, saying the lad was too
young to file on it. Snodgrass then re
turned to Fresno, and during his
absence Lowe and the boy again took
possession of the claim.
Judge Tucker, J. B. Sturgla and F. T.
Montgomery went out during the tem
porary absence of young Lowe on
Wednesday and located the claim.
Snodgrass went out again and suc
ceeded in again obtaining possession of
the rich property without trouble, and
he is now guarding it.
Thirty people from Selma have gone
out to file upon adjacent claims, and
there Is great excitement In the little
town. The gold that has been shown
is exceedingly rich, and if It Is plenti
ful those with claims will have a little
Klondike all to themselves.
INTERVENTION WAS
FULLY JUSTIFIED
Prominent People of Colombia Up
hold the United States in
the War.
PANAMA. May SO.— lnterviews with
many prominent persons printed in the
newspapers of ogota show unanimous
approval of the action of the United
States Government in the war with
Spain. All agree the intervention of
the United States in Cuba was fully
justified.
Sailed Under Sealed Orders.
NEW YORK, May 30.— The auxiliary
cruiser St. Louis sailed this afternoon
under sealed orders. She was to sail
this morning, but was d layed by a
strike among the coal shcrvelers, fire
men and trimmers, who complained of
bad food and treatment.BRIGADES ORGANIZED FOR MANILA
MAJOR - GENERAL WESLEY
MERRITT, U. S. A., command-
Ing the Department of the Pa
cific, and leader of the Philip
pine expedition, established his head
quarters in the Phelan building yes
terday, and with his staff officers ac
tively began the detail work of organ
izing the forces for the campaign in
the tropics. The rooms formerly occu
pied by General E. S. Otis and staff
were vacated yesterday, and these
were taken by General Merritt and his
officers.
Colonel Pope, the chief quartermas
ter on the staff, is a busy man. It is
said that he is taking everything he
can lay his hands on to outfit the ex
pedition.
< Lionel Charles McClure, chief pay
master, is making ready to pay the
troops at this station, as well as the
men who went out o-n the first fleet of
transports. The Government has the
money ready, but some work is re
quired to get the payrolls in shape.
The volunteers, however, will get
money before they leave for the Orient.
General Merritt says that he does
not know at this time what troops will
constitute the expedition. It is his
purpose to take a large force with as
little delay as possible, hence it is
probable that the desire of all the
troops encamped at the Richmond Dis
till be gratified. The officers and
men at. the Eighteenth and Twenty
third United States Infantry Regiments
have not the slightest doubt but what
they will go with the next fleet to sail
from this port. The Seventh California
i: said to be slated for the trip on the
next fleet that sails.
Spe< fal effort was made yesterday to
pi >cure outfits speedily for the un
ped men of the Montana regi
ment of infantry. T-he Minnesota. C<>\
orcdo, Kansas, Nebraska, Pennsylva
: md Wyoming troops also expect
orders to po aboard the next outgoing
ships for Manila. The fleet may be en
■ 1 to accommodate all.
Important dispatches preliminary to
ngagement of more ships were re-
I from the War Department yes
y. The messages indicated an im
ite purpose on the part of the
Government to secure a large fleet of
WELL SUPPLIED WITH FOOD.
A thorough and systematic canvass of the various regiments and bat
tali ma now in camp at the Bay District track reveals the fact that each
and ever>' one is supplied with a sufficient quantity of Government rations,
and that there is absolutely no ground for the rumors that there has been
any lack of food among any of the commands. The men have at present
more than they can possibly eat, and many have been sick as a result of
iting. Ali of the commissaries are drawing their five and ten days'
as from tho department commissary just as they need them, and
there Is no kicking; among: the men in the ranks. The donations of the
people have furnished the soldiers with all of the delicacies they can pos
eat, and every regiment and battalion has regularly issued fresh meat
to the men. This fact or state of things has been affirmed by every com
mander In Camp Merrltt, as far as it concerns their individual commands,
i thorough inquiry among the privates reveals the fact that they are
■iy satisfied with what they are getting. To ask a man in the
i if he has enough good and wholesome food to eat ia to be laughed at
rs, who, if anything, are overfed.
HONESTAUFFEN
AN ACQUISITION
Clement's Clever Crea
tion at the Columbia.
IT'S SWISS AND SUNSHINE
i::W PLAYS AT THE ALCAZAR
AND THE GRAND.
A. Good Bill at the Orpheum — Sec
ond Week of the Bright
"Poster" at the
Tivoli.
Mr. Clay Clement last night Introduced
San P'rancisco to the Baron Franz Victor
yon Hohenstauffen. And San Francisco
is happy to meet the gentleman. It isn't
because he's a nobleman, nor because of
the generosity of a temperament which
leads him to part with half a hundred
thousand marks as easily as half a hun
dred cents. The charm of this new for
eign acquaintance lies in the beautiful in
tricacies of hia German-English, in his
happy faculty of getting things twisted,
in the thoroughness of his Teutonization
and In his humorous comprehension of
his own shortcomings, linguistic and
otherwise.
To testify its pleasure in Hohenstauf
fen's acquaintance the audience at the
Columbia was lavish in applause, and so
persistently recalled Mr. Clement that he
a little speech at last in which he
•ed that San Francisco's apprecia
tion of his noble German friend led him
to confess that it was in this city at the
Grand Opera-house he had made his de
ipon the stage; a debut of four
\\"!<!s, yet a speaking part.
"The New Dominion" is Hohenstauffen.
Without him it would be merely v made-
Virginian •'Old Homestead" or any
of half ;i dozen familiar plays in which
the course of true Jove is interrupted by
that remorseless enemy of Cupid s, that
ever-present paper villain, the mortgage.
But no one who listens to "The New Do
minion"—and the Columbia was crowded
last night— takes Berioualy tor a moment
the threat ol >m unhappy ending to the
tine young German's romance, it's a
play that begins with sunshine and swis.s
and ends with full dress and frolic. As a
iuse of Clement's ex
cellent charcterization of Hohenstauffen,
Of his pretty delivery of the flower speech
and ( >t !us tasteful acting, which steers
his dramatic: boat clear of a ridiculous or
an overdrawn situation, "The New Do
minion " will be a success here as It has
been elsewhere.
Apart from Clement, the company
doesn't score, partly because there isn't
much opportunity in the play and
partly because there isn't much ability in
the company. But their non-performance
is the lesser fault of omission rather than
the unpardonable sin of commission. Their
characterizations remain mere stereo
tj ped sketches, while his is fresh and in
terestingly original. But, after all. one
can be philosophic, for the disappointment
is only a small negative pang, while
Clement's Hohenstauffen [s a positive
pleasure. MIRIAM MICHELSON.
The 1 ivoli.
"The Poster" began its second week at
the Tlvoll last night. It has been short
ened and smartened; Its music has been
raised a couple of keys; the performer*
are all at home In their parts : and the
clever musical satire, in Its present ahape,
makes an enjoyable evening's entertain
transports. The dispatches from Wash
ington came to leading steamship
men.
It was ascertained last night that
General M. P. Miller, who was recently
promoted to the grade of brigadier, has
been assigned to command a brigade of
the Philippine expedition. The brigade
consists of the Third United States Ar- i
till, tv, four troops ' the Fourth United J
States Cavalry, Thirteenth Minnesota
Volunteer Infantry and Eighteenth and
Twenty-third United States Infantry
regiments.
General Charles King, the story
writer, who was recently promoted to <
the grade of brigadier, may command !
a brigade to consist of the Seventh
California, First Colorado, First Ne- j
braska and Tenth Pennsylvania Infan
try regiments and the Utah Light Ar- i
j tillery.
In the event of a battle on land near
Manila the regular soldiers of the United '
| States army, as well as the volunteers,
! will receive their baptism of fire. The I
regular troops of our army to-day, while
up to the mark so far as discipline, equip
ment and morale are concerned, have not,
as organizations, endured the ordeal of ,
j battle. Apart from frontier Indian fight- i
ing and a few collisions growing out of
strikes there have been few encounters :
1 since the operations around Appomattox ;
in 1865, unless the skirmishes of the Rose
bud campaign and the Ouster massacre
be counted. So far as the ordeal of battle
is concerned, all the troops now going to
the front— regulars as well as volunteers
- are raw. It is doubtful if the Spanish
battalions In the Philippines and Cuba
! hav>- had any actual experience in battle.
i There has been no engagement in Cuba
since the insurrection began which at
i tair.ed to the dignity of a battle. The
land operations at the Philippines be
tween the Spanish forces and the natives
have been in the line of bushwhacking
encounters.
There is a whole lot of nonsense in the
talk that our raw and undisciplined
troops must meet in battle the trained
regiments of the Spanish army. As far
as one enn ascertain by careful Inquiry
the discipline and bearing of our volunteer
regiments are better than that 01 the
Spaniards now in Cuba and Manila. As
suming that a pitched battle is to be
fought, with ten or twelve thousand men
on each side, the chances are that the
Americans will win a decisive victory.
If the future can be judged by the past
the volunteers will render Just as good
service as the regular troops. The lowa
and Kansas volunteers fought as well at ;
Wilsons Creek as Maior Schofield s artil
lerymen of the regular army. General j
ment. The bill-posting scene, Frank Mr
; Glynn's resurrection of the Man in Ar
mor, the four vivified posters with their
small defects, Edith Hall's "Lightning
Bug." the pretty waltz duet, "Cupid, Cu
pid, You're So Stupid," and "It's All in
the Point of View" are the special num-
I bers the public has picked out for its
\ heartiest applause.
At the Orpheum.
At five minutes before 8 o'clock the tick
; et sellers In the box office announced to a
: long line of people in waiting that there
! were no more seats for sale, that there
; was nothing left but standing room and
i but little of that. Several hundred people
| who had neglected to engage seats early
in the day were obliged to patronize some
other and less popular place of amuse
ment. The crowd must have known that
the week's entertainment would be dis
tinguished by good things, and the crowd
was not disappointed, for the talent was
all star, and of the first magnitude at
that. Colby, the ventriloquist, and Allie
Way, as the Dancing Doll, were unique in
their parts. Unlike his rivals, Colby does
I not wear a mustache, and he sings and
talks with his face turned full to the au
dience. His manikins are side splitting.
Harry A Ulster, the celebrated mimic;
Carroll Johnson, the beau ideal of black
face art; Ezra Kendall, the clever mono
logue artist; the Manhattan Comedy
Four, Professor Leonidas and his wonder
ful troupe of performing cats and dogs,
Al Leach and the three Rosebuds, the
Musical Johnstons and the Lamont fam
ily of acrobatic artists make a combina
tion that It would be hard to equal. It is
an immense bill this week, and there can
be no doubt that crowded houses will be
the rule.
At the Grand.
The nautical spectacular drama, "Bot
tom of the Sea." drew a crowded audi
ence to Morosco's Grand Opera House
last night. The play Is full of life, and
the murder scene at the bottom of the
sea was a most realistic affair. The
wreck and rescue in midocean in the first
act was a little marred by the setting of
the scenery- The play of the lightning
was plainly visible through the hull of the
rescuing steamer.
Most of the incidents of the play cen
ter around the laying of the West India
cable, and it is while the divers are at
work that tho murder is committed. The
play centers around the love of Alexas
Banalll the villain of the story; James
Norton a wealthy young American, and
Henri de Sartin<\ a young French engi
neer for Kmllo T,e Brun. the daughter of
a wealthy retired French merchant.
These- characters were well sustained by
i;,.,, r pp p Webster. Mortimer Snow, Max
yon Mitzel and Maud Edna Hall, respec
tively. Of course young America won out
and the villain met bia Just reward.
The play is well worth seeing and
should crowd tho Grand Opera House for
the remainder of the week.
At the Alcazar.
"The Master of Ceremonies," written by
George Poster Platt and H. J. O'Brien,
was produced last evening for the first
time at the Alcazar Theater with Lewis
Morrison and Miss Florence Roberts in
the leading roles. It is a pretty little
four-ad drama in which the authors pre
sent with considerable force the trials
and tribulations of a gentleman of high
social position during the reign of George
111 of England. The story is well told,
and while the authors do not lay claim to
originality for every situation, them is
little doubt that the play will take rank
with such popular dramas as the "Cele
brated Case," which people have gone
to see and will go to see many times
without tiring. The authors were no
doubt highly gratified at the reception of
their efforts last evening by the patrons
of the Alcazar. ...
The staging was in keeping with the
nlav which was handled with care and
excellent effect by the stock company.
From beginning to end there was not a
hitch or break to denote that the piayors
we«-e new to their parts. Morrison makes
out of his part all that the character of
the genteel gentleman will warrant. Miss
Florence Roberts was given a fine oppor
tunity to show what she can do under
very trying circumstances. Wright Hunt
lnKton appears to fine advantage ac the
disowned eon of the poverty stricken gen
tleman The others fitted Into their re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 31, 1898.
Sherman's old regiment, the Thirteenth
United States Infantry, gained no more
laurels in the desperate assaults against
the works at Vicksburg than the lowa,
Illinois and Missouri regiments, who were
in the same division with the regulars.
In regard to the officers, inquiry shows
that in each regular regiment there may
be four, five or six officers who were en
gaged in some of the great battles of the
civil war, and to whom the hiss of a hot
bullet and the shriek of a shell would not
produce a new and alarming sensation.
The younger officers, those wno nave
graduated from the military academy
since the war, together with others ap
pointed from civil life, have yet to receive
the real bajptism of fire. Every one fa
miliar with the record of American sol
diers in battle know that they will be
equal to the emergency. The volunteer
officers will be as alert and as brave as
their comrades of the regular service.
Because volunteer troops stampeded at
Bull Run many people of ordinary intel
ligence fancy that new troops will do the
same thing in c^vory first engagement.
Attention is not given to the fact that
the Western regiments under Grant that
charged the works at Fort Donelson and
HYDE-STREET LINE FREE TO SOLDIERS.
<
Until further orders Hyde street conductors will pass free of ,
charge all soldiers wearing uniforms, but will not issue transfers t
to them at any point. t
The above notice was posted In the carhous© of the California-street
Railway system yesterday morning: by Superintendent J. "W. Harris, and
now Uncle Sam's volunteers can rid© from the Presidio to the center of the
city free of charge.
Following in the footsteps of the generous and patriotic order of Presi
dent Newhall of the Union-street Railway allowing the boys in blue to ride
free. President Stetson of the former road yesterday sanctioned the issu- i
ing of the above order. (
There is, however, an addition to the order and is In this form: The i
above order is for the Hyde-street line and not the California-street line, i
Conductors will collect fare for any one riding except those on the regular
free list. (
The reason for the last clause is that the California-street cars issue i
transfers to the Market-street system at the terminus of its line. Until I
Mr. Vining's road confers the same courtesy to the soldiers this clause wlil i
prevail, as it might prove a losing venture to President Stetson's line to i
allow them to ride free to the end and then have them pay a fare to the i
Market-street system. (
Mr. Stetson said last evening that he was one of the first to broach the <
Idea of allowing the soldiers to ride free, but as the other roads would not I
agree he let the matter rest. "I was unaware of Mr. Newhall's order," (
said Mr. Stetson, "and did not learn of it until I saw it published in The (
Call. Had I been consulted at the time I would have made the same con- (
cession. I did not come to my office until this morning, and as soon as I <
arrived I gave the necessary permission. I have as much sympathy for the |
soldiers as any one else. I have been at the ferry and cheered their incoming (
as other Americans have done. It is my hope that other systems will fol- (
low our example and permit the uniformed men a free ride." <
placed their standards on the ramparts
achieved this victory in their first en
gagement. Bull Run, instead of the rule,
was the exception. At Pea Ridge, Ar
kansas, the Fourth and Ninth lowa in
fantries each sustained a loss of 160 men,
or 20 per cent of the force engaged, yet
the engagement was the first in which
either organization participated. The
same is true of the new troops of the
North and South at Shiloh, Stone River
and Perryville.
The Call expects that the California,
Oregon, Kansas. Minnesota, Nebraska,
Idaho, Pennsylvania, Montana, Wyom
ing, Utah, Colorado and Dakota volun
teers will make a record of staying quali
ties in the first battle. Of course this
regiment or that one may be led unex
pectedly in a bad place and be subjected
to a sudden and withering fire that may
cause temporary confu.sion and require |
some rallying to get the men in proper
line again, but regimental pride will count
for so much that organizations will be
preserved.
General Sheridan saw the flower of the
German army at Gravelotto. He saw how
much killing the men stood before they
spective parts in a mfijinc* that showed
that much en re had been taken to make
the new play a success on its maiden ap
pearance before a critical public.
At the Chutes.
Crowds visited the Chutes yesterday
afternoon and evening', and both perform
ances in the free theater were well re
ceived. The animated pictures, showing
the First Regiment marching down Gold
en Gate avenue and the troop-ship Peking
moving slowly from the wharf with the
soldiers on board, were greeted with
cheers. William De Boe, the "upside
down" man. gave a marvelous trapeze
performance standing on his head; Will
iam Baker, an English change artist,
made an immediate hit, and the rest of
the bill was fully up to the standard of
the Haight-street grounds. The Zoo is
a constant source of enjoyment.
HARDY BROTHERS
ARE THE CHAMPIONS.
THE INTER-CLTJB TOURNAMENT
DOUBLES AT ALAMEDA. 5
The Oakland Tennis Men Give Their
Admirers Many Opportuni
ties to Cheer Their
Victories.
Two counties and three municipalities
were represented at the inter-club tennis
tournament held on the Alameda Club
courts yesterday afternoon. The Oakland
club sent the strongest teams and the
California club of San Francisco the
weakest. With the Whitneys absent there
was never a doubt as to the outcome of
the tournament, which was generally
conceded to belong to the Hardy brothers,
and they gave proof to the anticipatory
tipping indulged by the tennis cracks.
The Hardys had an easy victory, not one
of the teams opposed to them giving even
a hard fight.
The tournament was probably the most
successful the Alameda club has ever
given— from a social standpoint. Every
bit of space around the court was occu
pied by gaily dressed young women and
their gentlemanly escorts, who also added
to the prevailing color of white by ap
pearing in duck and flannel especially
creased for the occasion. Oakland had its
contingent of noise-makers there, and
they were the only ones who had the
opportunity of shouting for victors. A
few stragglers from San Francisco drift
ed in during the day, but they kept in the
background with '.he sandwiches and
creams.
The finals were between Pratt and
Spencer and the Hardys, both teams from
tho Oakland club. Though Pratt and
Siicncer played Rood ball In this match,
they were outclassed by their more skill
ful opponents. The most hotly contested
and the closest match of the day was be
tween Pratt and Spencer and Jones and
Murdock, the former winning, 7-5, 6-3.
The score was as follows:
Preliminary round— Pratt and Spencer beat
Hunt and Code, 10-8. 6-3. Holmes and Bowen
wore defeated by Jones and Murdock, 4-6,
l'i-S, 7-5. Stone and Ni'-holson beat Hellman
and Wheston, fi-2. fi-3. Hardy an<l Hardy beat
McGavtn and Kellogg. Semi-finals—Pratt and
Spencer beat .Tones and Murdock, 7-fi, 6-3.
Hardy and Hardy bent Stone and Nicholson.
r,-2. fi-2. Finals— Hardy and Hardy beat I'ratt
and Spear, "-». 6-3.
Ec Was Bluffing.
Coroner Hawkins received a letter yes
terday morning notifying him that Ernest
Faubel, living at 2432 Sacramento, was
tired of this world and that his dead body
would be found at Alta square. After
considerable trouble to the office the
Morgue officials discovered that the young
pentloman had disagreed with his father,
a well-to-do butcher, and was trying to
play upon the sympathy of his parent, in
order to regain admission to the home
where he had caused so much trouble
that he had been ejected.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil in the beat
in the world. Try the "Koh-I-Noor." •
wavered In going forward again. It was
his deliberate Judgment thereafter that
the American troops would, stand in line
and endure more killing than any other
troops in the world. The percentage of
losses in battle attest the truth of this
statement. The world famous battle of
Waterloo was distinguished by many bril
liant charges, but not one for tenacity
and bravery matches the charge of the
Confederates under Hood at Franklin,
Term.
According to telegraphic advices re
ceived at General Merriams headquarters
the First Battalion of North Dakota Vol
unteers will arrive here early this morn
ing. The command consists of fifteen
officers and 324 enlisted men. The troops
have half tentage.
Another battalion from North Dakota
and a regiment from South Dakota are
on the rail, but no time of arrival in this
city is given.
Major Edward Field, U. S. A., haa been
appointed acting inspector general.
CAMP MERRITT INSPECTED
Brigadier General E. 8. Otis and his
staff will establish their headquarters at
the Bay District track to-day. The gen
eral, accompanied by his staff, drove out
to the camp yesterday afternoon, and the
officers made an Informal tour of inspec
tion through the various regiments and
battalions. General Otis issued to the
regimental and battalion commanders
some general orders regarding the polic
ing and usual routine business of the
camp.
General Otis was entertained at dinner
by Major Robe and the officers of the
Fourteenth Infantry.
The entire encampment will undoubted
ly be brigaded to-day, as It Is expected
General Merritt will lsaue the necessary
orders.
The Memorial day crowd captured the
camp yesterday, and It would be a safe
estimate to place the number of visitors
at 50.000. They were admitted to the dif
ferent camps, and the scenes of Sunday
were again enacted.
The Seventh California, First Colorado
MEDALS FOR
SCHOLARSHIP
Closing- Exercises of St.
Ignatius College.
EXHIBITION BY STUDENTS
EDWARD O'DAY CARRIES OFF
MANY PRIZES.
An Eloquent Address on the Methods
of True Education Is De
livered by Father
Frieden.
The commencement exercises of the
classical department of the St. Ignatiu3
College were held last night before an
immense audience at the college hall, on
I Van Ness avenue and Grove street.
' Among those who won medals and priles
were the following:
Class of rhetoric — Christian doctrine: Medal.
Zacheus J. Maher; premium, Edward F. O'Day.
Latin and Greek— Medal, Edward F. O'Day;
premium, Zacheus J. Maher. Mathematics —
Medal, Cornelius F. Deeney. History, prem
ium, Edward F. O'Day. Elocution— Premium,
Stanislaus A. Riley.
I Class of humanities — Christian doctrine:
Medal, Henry A. McCarty. Latin and Greek-
Medal, Henry A. McCarty; premium, Leo W.
Simpson. English — First premium. Henry J.
McCarty; second, Herbert M. Husaey. Alge
bra — Medal, Joseph A. Murphy; premium, Leo
W. Simpson. History— Premium, Henry Mc-
Carty. Elocution— First premium, Louis X.
Ryan.
First grammar class— Christian doctrine:
Medal, William A. Nichols: premium, George
A. Sturla. Latin and Greek— Medal. William
rt. C.inovan; premium, George A. Sturlii.
English— First premium, William A. Nichols;
second premium, Alfred ,1. Clary. Arithmetic—
First premium, Joseph H. Guedet; second
premium, premium, Philip J. Spottiswood.
History — Premium. Joseph H. Guedet. Elocu
tion—Premium, George H. Svetnlch.
Second grammar, division A— Christian doc
trine: M.-dal, Joseph M. Gary; premium.
James J. n'Hara. Latin and Greek— Medal,
James J. O'Hara; premium. John T. Sullivan.
English— First premium, James J. O'Hara: seo
ond premium, John T. Sullivan. Arithmetic —
First premium, James J. O'Hara; second pre
mium, Edward J. Carberrj'. History and Geo
graphy—First premium. Joseph T. Madden.
Elocution— Premium. Murry E. Masterson.
Second grammar, division B— Christian doc
trine: Medal, Daniel T. Murphy; premium,
William A. Kreen. Latin and Greek— Medal.
Francis M. Sutton: premium, Daniel T. Mur
phy. English— First premium, Daniel T. Mur
, phy; second premium. Witliam A. Breen.
Arithmetic— First premium, Vincent P. Brown:
second premium. Thomas J. Fn\. History and
Geography— Premium. Theodore A. Keller. Elo
cution—Premium, Theodore A. Keller.
Third grammar, division A — Christian doc
trine- Medal, Anthony J. Smith; premium,
William M. Foley. Latin and Greek— Medal.
Adrian J. McKormack; premium. Anthony J.
Smith. English— First premium, A. Haw
thorne: second premium. Robert E. Fuller.
Arithmetic -First premium, Charles A. Sennit:
second premium, William M. Foley. History
and Geography— Premium, Charles A. Schott.
Elocution— Premium. Adrian J. McCormack.
Penmanship— Premium. Vincent J. O'Connor.
Third grammar, division B— Christian dec
trine: Medal, Harold Turner; premium. Den
nis Corkery. Latin and Greek— Medal, Harold
Turner: premium. James Welch. English-
First premium. Harold Turner; second pre
mium. Adrian Rnsseter. Arithmetic— First
premium, Dennis Heagerty; second premium.
Dennis Corkery. Elocution— Premium. Dennis
Corkery. Penmanship— James Richardson.
Class of rudiments, divisions A and B—
Christian doctrine, division A— Medal, Fran
cis I. Braze! : premium. Milton J. Sutton. Di- 4
vision B— Medal, Walter Strickland; premium,
William A. Sullivan. Latin, division A—
Medal, Alfred Hogan; premium, Xavler M.
Meafret. Division B— Medal, WllUa/n A. Sul
llv&n: premium, Peter do Lucia. English, di
vision A— Raymond A, Wilson, Brat premium:
and Thirteenth Minnesota participated in
the Memorial day exercises. These regi
ments marched from their camps at 9
o'clock and returned in the afternoon.
In the Twentieth Kansas Colonel Little
delivered an eloquent address to his men,
in which he recalled the glory of the State
in the past and reminded his men that it
was expected of them to uphold it in the
future. Chaplain Sliehamner also deliv
ered a Memorial day sermon to the sol
diers. The Utah battery fired a salute of
twenty-one guns.
There is a general impression among
the officers of the Seventh California that
the regiment will certainly be in the
makeup of the next expedition. It is now
equipped with the exception of rifles, and
these are expected to-day.
The Thirteenth Minnesota received yes
terday 400,000 rounds of ammunition and
967 rifles of the Springfield pattern of 1884.
The Twentieth Kansas received supplies
of shoes, hats, socks and underclothing.
The Utah cavalry has its requisitions in
and will be supplied in a few days, and
the First Colorado also receiveo a large
supply of clothing, as did the two Idaho
battalions. Colonel Jones <>f the last
named command has wired Governor
Stenenberg of Idaho for $.V>o to equip tha
band, his requisition for Instruments hav
ing been refused. Colonel Jones expects
the money in a few days.
Lieutenant Hunt, the recruiting officer
of the Fourteenth Infantry, reports Com
pany G as being recruited to its full
strength. Company I is also nearly com
pleted, and Company X, the new com
pany, will be organized In a few days.
The First Nebraska will have a regi
mental drill to-day, and the First Colo
rado will also begin its extended order
drill to-day.
Colonel Berry and his staff were fur
nished with their mounts for the parade
yesterday by Captain Came of the Utah
Troop, who selected the best animals in
his command for the use of the officers
of the Seventh. Captain Came has also
been called upon by General Otis to fur
nish three mounted orderlies for service j
at brigade headquarters. The guard duty j
around headquarters yesterday was per
formed by a detail from the Eighteenth
Infantry.
Everything was quiet among the Regu
lars, and the routine of camp life was as
firmly established as if the regiments had
been in camp for a month. These com- j
mands are lacking in very few supplies, I
and are now practically prepared for the
field.
THE PACIFIC SQUADRON.
Order Relating to the Enlist-
ment of Firemen and
Coal Passers.
By a recent order Issued by Rear Ad
miral Miller, U. S. N., commanding the
Pacific squadron. First Assistant Engi
neer Charles F. Nash, R. C. S., acting
chief engineer of the revenue cutter Cor
wln, has been assigned to duty In the
navy recruiting office in this city for the
purpose of examining applicants for the
positions of oiler, fireman and coal pass
er on board the men-of-war and auxil
iary cruisers about to go Into commission
for duty on the Pacific Coast. There is a
large list on file in the enlistment office to
be examined as to their professional fit
ness for service, the majority on the list
being names of members the Naval
Reserve of California The successful can
didates will be ordered to proceed to Mare
Island upon completion of their examina
tion.
MONTANA'S REGIMENT.
It Is Well Drilled end Well Of-
ficered, but Poorly
Equipped.
If experience on the frontier among
savages and riotous miners counts for
anything one of the most formidable reg
iments to Invade the Philippines will be
that composed of Montana's swarthy
sons. They take to camp as though tent
ing out on the field of battle or on a
Leo J. Reihling, second premium. Division B
—First premium, William A. Sullivan: second
premium. Francis J. MrAuliffe. Arithmetic-
First premli m, division A— Thomas Norton;
second prem. i, Thomas McCormack. Divis
ion H— First (•. mtum, Peter de Lueis; second,
William V HuFsey. History and Geography,
division A— Milton J. Sutton, first premium.
Division B— Premium. William A. Sulllw-n.
Elocution, division A— Premium. James Greely.
Division B— Premium, Laurence Tray. Pen
manship, division A— Premium, Benjamin
K-alv. Division B— Joseph Heffernan.
(lass of modern languages— French, first
class: First premium, Richard L. Williams;
distinguished. Edward Foley and F. X. Wil
liams. Second class — Premium, Edward F.
ODay; distinguished, W. B. Canovan and
Zarh 'and Martin Maher. German, first class-
Premium, Mirtin Maher: distinguished, Zach
Maher and William Weyand. Second class—
First premium. Fred Churchill; distinguished.
Michael Buckley and Charles Schott. Italian-
First premium, Walter Williams: distlnguishnl,
Constantine Brucca and George A. Sturla.
Spanish— Premium, Herbert M. Hussey; dis
tinguished. Walter Dunn, Cornelius Deeney and
Joseph Murphy.
The Rev. Father Frieden, the president
of the college, In a brief address pointed
out the responsibility Invested in the
clergy in teaching and educating the
Catholic youth of the city, and outlined
the necessity of a co-operafion of this ef
fort on the part of parents in the proper
home training of their children.
The programme of exercises, which pre
ceded the distribution of medals and
prizes, was rendered as follows:
"Iron Cross March," College orchestra; in
troductory, Alfred J. Cleary, first grammar;
recitation, "Ulysses" (Tennyson), William A.
E. Breen. Beeond grammar: selections. "Lu
crezia Borgia," College orchestra; narration,
'■My Journey to the Klondike." Gregory- S.
Kast, first grammar: recitation. "The Dream
of Callista" (Newman), Theodore A. Keller,
second grammar; "Valse de Concert" (Mat
tel), College orchestra; essay. "The Masque of
Comus," Henry A. McCarty. humanities:
poem, "Homer the Immortal," Hubert -M.
Hussey. humanities; "Battle March," College
orchestra: essay. "The Ancient Classics and
Later English Verse," Edward F. O'Day,
rhetoric: national nlrs. College orchestra.
KNOCKED OVERBOARD
AND DROWNED
VICTOR HOLMES LOST FROM THE
YACHT THELMA.
Yachtsmen and Friends of the De
ceased Trying to Keep the
Accident a Secret.
OAKLAND, May 30.— Victor Holmes, a
resident of San Francisco, was knocked
off the yacht Thelma near the old narrow
gauge slip in the estuary yesterday aft
ernoon and drowned. The Coroner was
not notified, and even' effort is being
made to keep the fact a secret. One of
those on board said to-day: "The peo
ple most Interested have been told about
it, and we don't want it published in all
the papers."
The Thelma was lying out in front of
the California Yacht Club house, on the
south side of the estuary, below the Web
ster street bridge to-day. It is said that
the boat is owned in Sausalito. and only
came over here Saturday to participate
in the races. On the return trip the ac
cident happened, and although every one
is exceedingly reluctant to speak of the
affair it was learned that Holmes and
another man were knocked into the water
by the boom suddenly swinging around.
Peterson's launch picked one of men
up but Holmes sank and * is lost
sight of.
OLD FRIENDS PICNIC.
The Thirty-fourth Anniversary of
the Society Held at Wild
Wood Glen Park.
The Old Friends assembled at Wild
Wood Glen, in Sausalito, yesterday to
celebrate the thirty-fourth anniversary
of the founding of the society. One of the
happy events of the picnic was the re
union of the factions that for several
weeks threatened a disruption In the
ranks of tho Friends. The presence of
Tom Sawyer, the president, and W. A.
THE SECOND CALL FOR TROOPS.
 Yesterday Governor Budd, eemmander in chief of the State military
forces, received an important dispatch from H. C. Corbin, adjutant gen
eral of the United States army, Washington, D. C. relating to the troops to
be supplied by California under the second call of the President. The offi
cial dispatch, which was at once placed In the hands of Adjutant General
Barrett, clears away many doubts and uncertainties which had existed
for several days. Following is the text of th« telegram:
"Under the first call for one hundred and twenty-five thousand m#»n it
was contemplated that the number of original organizations called for
should have, the maximum strength stated below, but on account: of addi
tional organizations having to bo accepted the maximum had to be reduced
to eighty-one enlisted men per company of Infantry. The maximum above
contemplated is 106 enlisted men per company of infantry. ion per troop of
cavalry, 173 ncr light battery and 200 per heavy battery— l 326 of all grades per
regiment of infantry, consisting of three battalions of four companies
each.
"The Secretary of War bids me to say that It is now the wish of the
President to supply In accordance with law so much of the second call for
75,000 men as may be necessary to fill the organizations already in service
from your State to the maximum just stated. The Secretary of "War bids
me to say that recruiting officers will be detailed to make and superintend
under army regulations enlistments for this purpose of the number of men
wired you May 27. Please name one or more competent field officers of re
spective regiments already in service from your State to be detailed under
orders of War Department for this duty."
In accordance with the foregoing suggestions Adjutant General Barrett,
having no field officers of the First Infantry at this station, recommended
Captain Carrington, U. S. A., to enlist men for that organization. For the
Seventh California Major W. O. Welsh was designated: for the Sixth Cali
fornia Infantry Major G. G. Grant, and for the batteries Lieutenant John A.
Koster.
. Thirty-two companies of Infantry have been mustered into the United
States service, and unuer the second call each company may take twenty
five more men. The men to fill the First Regiment to its maximum strength
will probably be enlisted at once and sent with the next expedition to join
the regiment at Manila.
After the California Infantry and artillery organizations now In the serv
ice of the United States have been recruited to the maximum less than 800
men will remain to be supplied under the second call. There is a good
chance that the Fifth Infantry Regiment of the National Guard may get
into the service of the country under this second call. The Second Infan
try is also anxious to get in, and stands an equal chance with the Fifth for
acceptance. ,
Last evening General Barrett wired to the War Department to ascertain
if enlistments to fill to the maximum existing organizations now in the serv
ice of the United States could not be made from National Guardsmen in
the localities where the troops now In the field were raised.
Adjutant General Corbin replied that there was no objection to such
plan and that orders would be issued to carry it Into effect.
The adoption of this plan will enable the First Regiment to fill up to- the
maximum from National Guardsmen in San Francisco. Members of the
Guard in Southern California will be taken to augment the Seventh. The
Sixth will draw its Increase from homo localities.
sand lot on the way to battle was a lux
urious mode of living. Nine hundred and
eighty men are at present In camp. Al
though well officered and well drilled, the
regiment is poorly equipped. Uniforms
for almost the entire command and 500
stands of arms are required before the
regiment will be on a war footing. Colonel
H. C. Kessler. in command, has made a
requisition for the required articles and
expects to be supplied within the next
few days.
"We are getting along first rate, said
Colonel Kessler yesterday. "The troops
are supplied with the regular army ra
tions and in consequence are well fed.
Not one of my men has as yet made com
plaint of the quality or quantity of the
food furnished by the Government, and
I do not believe that any will. We have
been treated kindly since our arrival
here " he continued, "but our treatment
at the hands of the Red Cross Society re
mains uppermost in our minds. It fur
nished us with warm food, which cheered
u«"and braced us up for further duty, and
I "assure you that its kindness was ap
preciated."
War Incidents.
John E. Ballane of Spokane was last
evening sworn in by Captain Carrington,
as first lieutenant of Company 1. of the
First Regiment of Washington Volun
Scully, the secretary of the branch that
had severed its membership from the pa
rent body, at the picnic yesterday was
accepted as the olive branch of peace,
and there was miich rejoicing thereat.
Among those prominent in the member
ship of the society were: W. A. Scully,
Dr. F. F. Lord, Charles H. Bain. J. E.
SHnkey, Jerry Callahan. Dr. J. S. Knowl
ton, Judge A. Craig, John Deimer. ex-
Supervisor John Mason. Captain E. Wey
borne, T. IT. Curley, School Director E.
L. Head, Ed Conolley, Supervisor C. H.
Clinton and J. O'Conner.
Captain J. "W. Howell, who was elected
president of the society vice Judge James
A. Campbell, deceased, was one of those
happy individuals who left nothing un
done to make every one present at home.
The programme, which was long, was
faithfully carried through without a
were made by Judge Craig, President
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ®
I ELECTRICITY I
I $^$ For Weak Men. |
| #^1 For Weak Men. J
I W?l IT IS NATURE'S REMEDY. 1
® J ■ ®i
0 / -A You can regain the vitality that has ®
0 y * been drained from your system. Elec- ®
/gv f H tricity and vitality are akin to each ®
~ / i other in man. A mild current will carry ® |
jr ,' ■( if new life and energy into the weakened (jj
J D I organs and renew your vitality. 0
%I \ \*J)*tA dr - sanden ' s ELECTRIC belt I, 1
© I tl|ls^^=^^^^« Is a P erfeot bo( ' battery— as perfect ©'
® I Jrto^S^E^^\ 'as science and mechanics can make ®
© \Jr t^y^-JrW&S* them. It builds up vital energy and ©
® / *>J^."* makes health complete. - ® ;
1 Would Not Part With His Belt at Any Price. %>■
(jv . • ■■'■' • -••■■••."'.• CONNOR CREEK, Baker County, * Or. ®
nr A T sanden- Dear Sir" It is thirty days since I began using your Belt, and
® t ,mh^n7t. savthatlfeellikea well man. I haven't had a loss since the first © ;
(St Lomeni pu th^iritnn and all the rains In my back have- K one. I wore the Belt ®
® ni f ht * t a r dd n fhp? llkTTt I InTthankfnl for your advice and wonderful Belt, and I will ®J-j
® a^%Tp\Sd k fo U recom a n?end7t^ any person in need of «~>^^gSg*^|®l .
| >ours, It Cures All Weakness in Men. ®
I © It gives strength, which makes men of physical wrecks. It restores ©
® the old vim and energy. Read the book, "Three Classes of Men," sent ®.
0 sealed, free, upon application. ' ®
J SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * iupnRTANT NnTIPF~* I
| 702 Market Street. C.rn.r Fr.ncisco. lIWUK I AHII NUIIbt ®.
<£) Of flee hours— S a.m. to 8 p.m.: Sundays. 10 Dr. Sanden's offices ®
® : "g^^^i^i^^r^^iiS.sffiv £ ? :jL"°^ t er I GeJS rket V®?
(?. Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth st.; Dallas. Tex.. Street, corner trearj. | 0
KJ 285 Main st. *- : ~ ♦ 0
©© ® ©®© © © ©@©©©®©©©®®®© © © ©®®®®©©©©©©©©
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
j^b Museum of Anatomy
fp|m 1051 HABHT ST. bet etc 6 7th, S. F. Cai.
B » W The L»rgeitofitsklndln«»nY-orld.
I^%\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ImVVB Hk • • Conauluttoo fTM. ITrite for Book
%k I I^Phllosophjf^f'Bfarrlage.
• U ■■,•'"■■■• mailed race.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is :- a•• powerful . aphrodisiac . and specific tonlo
for ; . the . sexual . and urinary organs ■• of both ;
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and . bladder. A I great : Restorative.
• Invleorator and Nervine. Sells on • Its own
Merita: no lons- winded testimonials necessary.
Nader, alfh & brunej, Ajenu,
BIS Market Street. 8. (Send for Circular.)
teers, now at Fontana Barracks, to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation of
Lieutenant Robert Koontz. Lieutenant
Ballane, who resigned the office of ad
jutant general of the State of Washing
ton in order to join the volunteer service,
was for three years city editor of tha
Washington City Post, and for a time
editor of the Southern division of tha
Associated Press. He is a native of tho
State of Washington.
The Sixth California Infantry is still
camping on the plains at the Presidio,!
but they will soon be removed to the bar
racks.
The troops quartered in the Fontana
building are now getting their daily ra
tions from Fort Mason. They say tha
food is excellent, consisting of fresh meat
vegetables and everything that could be
wished.
Gustav Rosskneeht is not a man to be
passed by in a slighting manner. He has
influence In the high councils of the na
tion, and many a ' rlg-adier might be
proud of a salute from Rossknecht. Yes
terday Captain Carrington received this
telegram from Washington:
"The Secretary of War directs that vnu
muster Gustav Rossknecht !n Company
C, Wyoming Volunteer Infantry, notwith
standing deficient height.
"WARD, Asst. Surgeon General."
hitch of any kind to mar its pleasures.
During the day several patriotic spc-echeg
Howell, B. B. Roberts, Charles H. Bain
Senator W. D. Grady and J. O'Conner*
Dancing and other amusements char
acteristic of a "friends' outing" were en
joyed by all who availed themselves of
the hospitality of the Society of Old
Friends.
Large Chinatown Capture.
The Chinatown squad raided the place
of "Big Jim," at 742 Sacramento street,
last evening and captured forty-two cases
of blank lottery tickets. The value of the:
capture is over $SOO. as the cases are
worth about $20 each. Sergeant McMan
us gives all the credit of the raid to Offl-.
cers Tracey and Sullivan.
i 000000000000 00 0 OO
J«hf PALACE **- D o
° CRA ND miMkM%
\ Q SAN ; FRAHCiSCO. q .'
I** r-nnp.-l -1 by ■ ri'vcml; uassait?w»f. Jf i
| O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohad. ° i
1 O *"• UIfDKB Oyi! MANAOBiia.St P.<
| O NOTE THE : PRICES: O '
a European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward f\ ■
w American Plan.*3. oo per day and upward j
C " • Correspondfncr Solicited. ■ O
O JOHN C. KIRKPATBICK, MID»M 1D » ? t.-. ' Q l
OOOOOOO QO O OOP P POP '
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Clau» Spreckels 'Uldc.t'
Mii HlUftUffifcal Telephone Brown 931,
■ Reeldenoa, $21 California Btro«t. - ■ Wow '.;
Powell. San Francisco. ■;
i
56
TUESDAY MAY 31, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. _________
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ __^ On * *••*• b ' ma "' $150
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftftt Honee ;
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Morquetto Building ;
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising, Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- ZB7 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open |
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia—" The New Dominion "
California— Hopkins Trans-oceanic Star Specialty Co.
Alcaiar— "The Master of Ceremonie*
Baldwin— Benefit for the Bod Cross Society, Thursday after-
noon.
Morosco's— "The Bottom of the Sea "
Tlvoll— "The Poster."
urpheum— Vaudeville.
•11)0 Chutes -Zoo, Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art" '
oiympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, SpeolaUlea.
tutro Baths — i-wi mining,
EJ Campo— Music dancing, boating, fishlnir. every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield - This day, May 81. Furniture, at
BT9 California pireot, ai 11 o'clock.
By Kiliip Si, Co.— Thursday, Juno 2, Horses, at San Mateo Stoc*
Farm, at U) o'clock.
COMPLIMENTS TO R. P. SCHWERIN.
AS R. P. Schwerin is general manager of the
Pacific Mail, and thus becomes a semi-public
character; as he never neglects an opportunity
to make himself obnoxious, necessity arises tor call
ing him down from the lofty perch upon which he
has ensconsed himself and making him understand
that he is of the earth, earthy. Schwerin is a trifling
obstacle in the progress of anything which has a ten
dency to move, but, like the gnat in the eye, or the
fly in the ointment, he may be annoying.
The Schwerin grievance seems to be that fault has
been found with his company because the City oi
Peking, a ship under its control, was sent to sea
laden with the brave boys of the First California, and
that absolutely no provision had been made for their
comfort, although the company which Schwerin so
ably represents is being paid by the Government for
having done this. He regards the soldiers, volunteers
going to the aid of Dewey, as a man with ordinary
instincts might regard a lot of cattle. The Call ob
jected, and Schwerin the mighty, Schwerin the su
preme, Schwerin the self-satisfied, decreed in his bogus
wisdom that no representative of this paper should be
allowed on a dock controlled by him. In addition
to his other attributes hereinbefore mentioned
Schwerin seems to be a jay. Does he think his feeble
efforts will keep the news from being printed? Can
it be that an idea has percolated his dull intelligence
that a swaggering ass is a thing to be feared?
Schwerin is a mistake. This conclusion was reached
when he permitted the Colima to go to sea with a
deck load which carried her to the bottom. On that
occasion also it is remembered that he acquired a dis
like for reporters and ordered that they be kept from
the dock. Nevertheless the story of the Colima was
told. Nevertheless shall the story of the Peking be
told. Schwerin merely over-estimates himself. He
thinks to awe people, and makes them tired. Once
this man was in the navy. He left it and the navy re
joiced. All who had associated with him were glad to
be rid of him. He had manifested the inclination of
a tyrant without the ability to carry out his purposes.
A place with the Pacific Mail gave him power, which
he has abused. A natural bully, a man without heart
or conscience, he winces under exposure and tries to
wreak a pitiful vengeance by excluding from the
dock those who have assisted in showing the manner
of man he is. Schwerin should resign. His field is
on a flatboat. Among gentlemen and officers he has
no place.
A THIRD CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS.
WHY should not Chief Lees issue a call for vol
unteers? He needs some for his own use. The
exigency of the times cries aloud that he be
furnished with a drum corps. To be sure he rides in
unwonted splendor now at the head of every proces
sion, but the prancing steed he bestrides has to step
to the sound of borrowed music. This fact is an
actual grief to the Chief. He wants his own drum
corps; he yearns for an individual martial strain.
There are thousands of brave volunteers in the city.
Some have no uniforms. If they did have the uni
forms would be plain blue and with never a glitter of
gold braid. Yet the volunteers have music till you
can't rest, and the Chief, a symphony in radiance,
can't muster a fife and drum. It's too bad.
Information has leaked out that one policeman on
the force can play the fife. He suspects that his serv
ices are in demand, and is doing what is known in
police circles as laying low. He is certain that if
caught he will be dragged to the flanks of the Chief's
snorting bay and made to bust into melody whether
he feel like it or not. His one hope of escape is that
nobody among the Chief's valiant patrolmen may be
able to beat a drum. Detectives are on his track, and
if he get into the middle of the street in broad daylight
and there shrill a tune perhaps he will be caught.
Then he could be handcuffed to a lamppost while the
detectives skirmished for a drummer.
These circumstances make plain the necessity for
volunteers enough to make a drum corps as a trailer
for the Chief. They would be where the beams of his
gilded glory would fall upon them. It Is embarrassing
to contemplate that players may have to be caught
and made to play under forced draft.
From all accounts it would appear that the nerves
of Captain Sigsbee did not receive anything like a
fatal shock when the Maine went down. He acts
much as a man whose courage had been healthfully
stimulated by experience.
Red Cross ladies proved Sunday that all soldiers
look alike to them. The regulars were welcomed as
heartily and fed as well as the volunteers. And per
haps they appreciated this attention even more.
To term a correspondent a "special commissioner"
is simply a piece of hilly affectation, i
JUDGE MAGUIRE AND THE MILITIA
AND NAVY
WE have given full space to Judge Maguire's
vituperative resentment on being called to ac
count for his characterization of the taking of
Spanish prizes as "piracy." His afterthought drives
him to shelter behind the subjunctive "if." He has
now learned that there are prize courts, and that the
condemnation of a sea prize is a judicial process, in
which all rights are guarded by international law.
He may yet learn that pirates have no prize courts.
They take unarmed ships at sea, rob and then scuttle
them, to sink with their crews.
If he is hurt by his own language, which is all that
we used against him, may it teach him moderation in
speech.
He denies proposing to "cut the Gordian knot with
pools of blood." His speech was so reported and
printed and was not denied until now he says that
he declared "there were those who proposed to cut
the Gordian knot and wipe out injustice in a carnival
of blood." Between cutting a knot with a pool of
blood and wiping it out in a carnival of blood, there
is only the difference in the quantity of blood used,
after all.
The Judge is in the habit of attributing opposition j
to his ambition and criticism of his loose and violent
language to "the railroad." This habit increases one's ;
regret tflat the railroad deserves so many of the blows
it gets, since it furnishes an excuse for hiding one !
abuse behind zeal against another. So hides the j
Judge. His long letter leaves his "piracy" remark j
just where it was before. It was a remark in line \
with his secret thought and his public utterances, pro- j
jected from his associations and in harmony with the
kind of men who manage his campaigns, promote his j
ambitions and are selected by him for public trusts.
His weekly organ here is the San Francisco Star.
October 8, 1892, the Star, jn an editorial under the
caption "If This Be Treason, Make the Most of It,"
said:
<<***** t h e m iiiti a o f Pennsylvania de
serve no more mercy than so many rattlesnakes, as it
is no crime to give them their deserts at any time and
in any place or manner, so that nobody be hurt but
them. Mercy to them is cruelty to. humanity. They
have ceased to be human otherwise than in form, and
have no rights which at any time man or woman is
bound to respect." Within three months after that
article Judge Maguire selected the editor of the Star,
who wrote it, as his candidate for Superintendent of
the United States Mint in this city, and when Mr.
Cleveland refused to appoint him Maguire began
abusing the President and kept it up to the close of
his term. Indorsing the author Maguire indorsed the
utterance. The identical regiment of Pennsylvania
militia which Maguire's organ denounced as "rattle
snakes," and desired killed "at any time and In any
place or manner," is in San Francisco now, in camp at
the Bay District track. Our people can go and look
at what manner of men Maguire's organ regards as
"rattlesnakes." Perhaps the Judge's manager and
candidate for the Mint might like to go out and try
killing some of them "in any manner!"
Judge Maguire's letter in its manner is an index to
his intellectual methods and his mental stature. He
conceives that we hold him up to be seen by himself
because he "was born on a farm." We confess the in
felicity of not knowing that he was born on a farm,
but we admit it since he takes pains to advertise it.
He has been so constantly an office-seeker and office
holder that it was natural to suppose that he was not
born at all, but just nominated for an office and raised
on a salary.
Not only is he given to violent and reckless lan
guage like his piracy tirade and his indorsement of his
organ's rattlesnake article on the Pennsylvania militia,
but his thought and sympathies run to violence.
The last Congress passed a bill to restrict immigra
tion, which Mr. Cleveland vetoed. Judge Maguire's
daily organ, the San Francisco Examiner, abused
Cleveland for the veto and denounced Senator White
for voting against the bill, but in illustration of what
the Judge considers model journalism, the Examiner
did not inform its readers that Maguire also opposed
the bill and spoke against it.
His daily organ said of this immigration bill:
"Where the opposition to the restriction of immi
gration finds its strength is in the steamship com
panies, the coal barons and the great employers of
labor in other lines."
Yet Maguire opposed it, and in a speech in the
House, January 27, 1897, printed on page 1494, Con
gressional Record, Fifty-fourth Congress, second
session, he said:
"Gentlemen urge the passage of this bill as a step
in the direction of excluding Anarchists, Socialists
and Nihilists from this country. Assuming that it
would be right and desirable, though I do not admit
that it would be either right or desirable to exclude
these classes, or any of them, from this country; yet
the present bill does not tend to their exclusion. They
are generally educated men, many of them holding
university degrees, whose offending consists of resist
ance to tyranny, which in the conditions under which
they live is obedience to God. Who are the Nihilists?
They are the Democrats of Russia, who are struggling
against almost hopeless odds to establish the natural
and inalienable rights of man in that country as
against the tyrannous and false pretense of divine
right on the part of the Czar."
Therein Maguire indorses and defines Nihilism and
anarchy. Mickhail Bakounin, the Nihilist leader, who
allied that principle to anarchy in The International,
defined it as "universal destruction," and presented
himself as "The Apostle of Universal Destruction '"
Nihilists and Anarchists are "Democrats," accordii. L
to Maguire, and are acting equally in obedience to
God when they assassinate the Czar who emancipated
the serfs, and the President of the French republic,
Carnot, who represented the humanizing of govern
ment and expansion of the rights of man.
Maguire does not believe in excluding these self
avowed apostles of universal destruction from this
country, and hails them as "Democrats." He knows,
as do all men, that they aim to destroy all govern
ment and have bomb and knife and poison as ready for
the President of the United States as for the Czar.
The American navy represents Republican order
and law. It is natural, therefore, that the defender of
the apostles of universal destruction should see
"piracy" in their taking of Spanish prizes. The regi
ment of Pennsylvania militia now in camp here stood
under arms in its own State for law and order, for
the rights of person and property. It is quite natural,
therefore, that Maguire should indorse the editor who
denounced them as "rattlesnakes" and said that to
kill them "in any manner" would be no crime.
Since Judge Maguire has entered upon explanations
of his record we will continue to give him opportunity.
He is a public man and seeks to continue in public
life, and the public is interested in his views.
Children and grandchildren may each have the
sword presented to Admiral Dewey, and yet the
museum of the future will be' full of it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
THE LEAGUE CLUBS.
WITH the assembling of the convention of Re
publican League clubs in this city to-day the
campaign of the coming elections will virtually
begin. It is the first important political gathering of
the year and will have a potent effect in rousing Re
publican enthusiasm and inducing the members of the
rank and file to organize for the struggle and the vic
tory before them.
The Republican League is comparatively a new
comer into the field of political work, but in past
campaigns has amply demonstrated its usefulness to
the party. Leaders of the highest eminence have
borne witness to its worth and have encouraged the
continuance and expansion of its organization.
Through it the clubs of different localities are united
as a State association, and that in turn is brought into
close relations with organizations in other States, so
that the whole is a national union of organized Re
publicans of great power and influence.
The characteristic of the league which gives it an
especial claim upon the loyalty of Republicans is its
strict devotion to party principles and complete sepa
ration from the interests of particular candidates. It
supports no aspirant for nomination to any office, but
after the nominations have been made it supports all
with the ardent zeal of stalwart Republicanism. This
frees it from any possible weakening through dissen
sions brought about by rivalries between contending
factions of ambitious leaders, and makes it strong in
trie unity of all for the great policies for which the
Republican party stands in our governmental system.
At the convention which assembles to-day there are
expected to be upward of iooo delegates representing
all sections of the State and reflecting the sentiment
of the party as a whole. The work it will be called
upon to perform is important. It will have to arrange
for making a vigorous campaign, for organizing clubs
in every county, for rousing the energies of all Re
publicans and for allying the league clubs of the State
in close sympathy and touch with the national organi
zation.
With a disorganized Democracy and a Populism
gone wild there appears a sure and certain victory for
the Republican party in the coming election. This ap
pearance may, however, prove deceitful. It will be
safest at any rate for the Republicans of California to
rely for success upon their own strength rather than
upon the weakness and demoralization of their foes.
The issue involved in the Congressional contests
will be of great magnitude and of vital interest to our
national welfare. It is therefore gratifying to have
the Republican ranks set in order at this early date
for the campaign. The convention wttT have the close
attention of the party, and its work will be to start the
forward march toward victory for the administration
which is now upholding the welfare of the people at
home and advancing the banner of the nation in a
foreign war.
THE DEMOCRATIC DEAL
i I IOR the first time in its history the local Dernoc
j racy has been placed under the exclusive control
* of an appointed organization. The Democratic
State Committee has often, in the interest of "har
mony," interfered in San Francisco politics, but such
action has always been taken with great caution. The
city's patronage is a standing temptation to the State
; bosses, but it has never tempted them to go any fur
ther than the appointment of a committee lor the pur
pose of conducting a fair primary election. With the
result of such an election the State authorities have
considered their obligation discharged. In short, the
Democratic principle has always been "let the people
rule," and interference has never been justified on any
other ground than that the rule of the people was
endangered.
On the present occasion, however, the State bosses
have absolutely wrested the party organization from
the warring factions and placed in charge a committee
| of their own selection. It is not to the point that the
members of this committee are mostly good citizens
and life-long Democrats; it is well known that men
of their character often neglect their civic duties, and
quite as frequently, through inattention, become the
willing instruments in politics of cunning politicians.
! The programme outlined for them is the main thing.
This programme is at pnee un-Democratic and amaz
ing. It is said that the committee will, under the
leadership of those who appointed them, select dele
i gates to the State convention and appoint a county
] committee to conduct the local campaign. The justi
fication for this is alleged to be the presence in this
> city of irreconcilable factions.
If this be true — if the local Democrats have become
incapable of self-government and must whenever they
split call in an appointed committee of "high joints"
to exercise their functions— the effect on the munici
pal and State campaigns cannot fail to be disastrous.
Surely if the party cannot govern itself it is unfit to
govern either city or State. How. can even the com
mittee of one hundred, composed though it is of the
flower of the unwashed, ask the people to trust a
party with the conduct of public affairs, which is
afraid to call a primary election for the selection of
delegations to its own conventions?
Probably the course adopted by the State bosses in
this matter will result in the utter rout of the Democ
racy this year. The Republicans sometimes submit
to autocratic methods in party management, but the
Democrats never can be persuaded to do so. The very
life and strength of Democracy is bossism, and with
out popular party government bossism in the machine
must perish.
There is of course a job behind the action of the
democratic State Committee in this matter. Later on
Ie public will discover the details and ascertain the
name of the beneficiary. In the mean time it is well
to consider the availability of Republican candidates
for office. The people — even Democratic people — will
never trust the single-taxers. Populists, agrarians,
bosses and schemers of the Democratic State Com
mittee to run this city and the commonwealth. Prep
arations should be made to sweep them all from
power. Their struggle to obtain control of the party
machine may be rendered futile by the nomination of
a first-class Republican ticket.
Presentation by an individual of an admiral's flag to
Dewey, as advertised to take place, will be a coarse
and disgusting impertinence. The individual in ques
tion misses no opportunity to put himself on display,
and here is one too good to be overlooked. The same
spirit actuates the offer as inspired an offer from the
same source of $50,000 reward for the discovery of
the wretch who sunk the Maine. It is to be assumed
that the Government will supply Admiral Dewey with
the flag befitting his rank. Still, if a presentation were
to be made by some representative body of men,
proud of the patriotism and valor of the admiral, it
would be a gracious act. Under the circumstances
the best thing the recipient of the flag can do is to
drop the gift In the waters of Manila. No honor can
attach to the accepting of it, but the act would surely
be blazoned to the world with the name of Dewey in
small type and that of Hearst in billboard sire.
THE ROADS OF CUBA.
The fact that General Roy Stone, presi
dent of the National League for Good
Roads, and United States Director of
Road Inquiry, has been ordered by this
Government to Cuba, to construct roads
there for our army. Is one of the moat
etr'king events In the history of the agi
tation for good roads.
General Stone has, during the past two
years, been engaged In building "object
lesson" roads in some of the Eastern
States, under the direction of the Gov
ernmental department at Washington. He
has had under his control a complete out
nt of road building machinery belong
ing to the Government. The purpose of
these "object lesson" roade is to Instruct
people in the neighborhoods In which they
are built how to construct and maintain
a scientific and perfect modern road.
Now In time of war, when the demand
for good road3 Is the greatest, this Gov
ernment has shown its appreciation of
their value and necessity by drawing
upon the best road-building talent and
sending the man who has been for years
at the head of the good roads movement,
doing at the same time actual road bui.u
ing. General Stone is an engineer of
ability and an army officer. Being a mili
tary man, he understands the exigencies
of the situation in Cuba.
It is reported that all the road-buh— ng
machinery belonging to the Agricultural
Department is to be sent to Cuba with
General Stone, and that he will build
roads, with the aid of troops, over the
marshes and swamps of Cuba and
through the otherwise impenetrable for
ests, over which our army will march on
its way to Havana.
In the days of Caesar, the Roman sol
diers were employed in building roads;
but this was in time of peace; when the
soldiers were not otherwise engaged,
they were put at work building roads that
would last forever, and preparing the
country for future military movements.
But it remains for the inventive genius
of American citizens and for Yankee in
genuity to hit upon the idea of construct
ing the roads in actual warfare, through
the enemy's country, over which our sol
diers shall march to storm their cita-
And great need there is that we should
do bo in Cuba. The island is about 730
miles long. Its width varies from about
ninety miles at the eastern end, to about
twenty miles in the vicinity of Havana,
which lies on the northern side of the
western end. Its area is 28,000,000 acres
(or about 46,000 square miles— a little
larger than all of New England), of
which 17,000,000 acres, 60 per cent, is un
cleared forest, much of which is practical
ly impenetrable. The configuration of the
remaining 40 per cent, or sa>' 17.000 square
miles, consists of varied and distinct types
of relief. There are high mountains, low
hills, plateaus, level plains, valleys,
marshes and swamps. About one-fourth
of the total area is mountainous, while
a very large portion Is swampy, breeding
the deadly miasm, more to be feared
than the bullets and sabers of the enemy.
So accustomed have we become to the
mysteries of African jungles and to tales
of the researches of Livingstones and
Stanleys that we think nothing of them.
The average reader will be astonished to
know that so near our own firesides as
the island of Cuba, there lies another re
gion of darkness, a veritable "dark con
tinent," which the foot of man has never
yet trod. Yet such is the fact.
We write and think of Cuba as the
"Pearl of the Antilles. "clad in a voluptu
ous floral mantle, smothered with flowers
and exhaling the sweet perfumes of the
tropics. Humboldt has said of Cuba, "We
might believe the entire island was orig
inally a forest of palms, wild limes and
orange trees."
But there Is another side to all thia, and
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. H. Martin of Los Angeles Is at the
Baldwin.
I. A. RobJe, a well-known resident of
Sacramento, is registered at the Cali
fornia.
W. W. Middlecoff, a prominent attorney
i of Stockton, is one of the arrivals at the
; Grand.
Morgan Hill and wife of Morgan Hill,
! Santa Clara County, are guests at the
j Palace.
Captain F. R. Rufer, U. 8. A., and Cap
tain P. F. Straub, U. 8. A., are at the
j Occidental.
Edward P. Phelps of Chlco and M. W.
Muller of Fresno are registered at the
I California.
C. H. Holmes of Sacramento and T.
! Alexander of New York registered at the
I Baldwin yesterday.
Paul H. Blades, editor of the Los An
i geles Record, is at the Occidental, accom
! panied by his wife.
Among the guests at the Palace are
Captain Morini and wife. Miss Hlnckley
i and Master E. Witherby of Irvington.
F. Beaudry, wife and niece, of Weaver
| ville. Trinity County, who have been vls
i iting Paris, are among the guests at the
; Palace,
Clio L. L.loyd, manager of the Santa
Barbara Morning Press, and William
Niles, a breeder of fancy stock in Los
Angeles, are staying at the Occidental.
Colonel Charles L.. Jewett, Judge advo
cate of the Department of the Pacific, is
a guest at the Palace. He will probably
be assigned to duty on General Merritts
staff.
"■OOOOOOOOO The first-night
's SHF ALWAYS ° ers who attended
stlc ALWHio the openlng per .
° DRESSED U formance of Rob
° im R| AfK ° crt Mantell in "A
o 11N tSLA<_N. Q gecret warrant"
0000000000 at the Columbia
may remember
having observed a lady in one of the
proscenium boxes who appeared to be in
tensely interested in the romantic actor,
and while he was delivering his most im
passioned passages she appeared to be
oblivions to all surroundings, and finally
she manifested her undisguised admira
tion by throwing a beautiful bouquet of
American beauties at the feet of the his
trionic artist. The roses were gracefully
gathered by the recipient, who bowed hie
acknowledgments with tender glances to
the fair occupant of the box.
The next night the same little scene
was reproduced in all its details, with the
exception that it was not the same lady,
though she bore such a strong resem
blance to the other that even Mantell
himself was deceived, and when he re
tired behind the scenes with the usual
tender glances to the dispenser of floral
favors he was heard to remark, "By
George, she is a stunner. Such a lovely
face, and two nights she has sent me
flowers. She is evidently in love with
yours truly," and Mantell's chest ex
panded at the pleasa-nt thought.
Then it was that a dark scheme was
planned by the stage hands to "Jolly" the
self-opinionated actor, and on the next
night a lady, dressed entirely in black and
heavily veiled, occupied the box and
watched every ir.ove the artist made. She
seemed to hang on his words and was
well-nigh falling out of the box in her
exaggerated attention. When the climax
came the lady threw a single red rose at
the object of her admiration, which rose
was eagerly gathered up. This panto
mime went on for three or four nights.
The lady was always dressed in black,
and no one, not even Mantell himself,
could discover her identity. Presently
the managers took a hand in the affair
and found out that it was a put-up job by
the stage attaches and the iady was re
fused admittance to the theater. It all
leaked out, and Mantell has been unmer
cifully twitted about the lady in black
who fell in love with him, a favorite mode
of torture being to sing in his presence:
"She could look so innocent and cute;
She had charms which no one could dis
pute;
But the color of her dress kept Mantell
on the guess;
And she's always dressed in black."
Sheriff Frank T. Johnson of Sacramen
to, Edouardo de la Cuesta, the Santa Bar
bara cattle-raiser, and Superior Judge E.
C. Hart of Sacramento are staying at the
Grand.
Among the arrivals at the Lick are S.
T. Black of Sacramento, State Suoerln
that Is tho stern reality. While the flow- !
ers and the limes and the oranges, the
sweet perfumes and the sugar cane are
there, we are powerless with our armies
before the jungles of the Cuban interior
and the dangers of the rocky coast. The
coast line measures, without Its mean
deriiigs, over 2000 miles, while, with all its
embayments and islets, it measures over I
6000 miles. Before the road-building of 1
the interior is undertaken the coast line j
must first be passed. In many places it is i
nothing but a narrow bench of rock, |
standing twenty feet above the sea be- j
tween high bluffs aiid the water. On th-3
north, the cliffs run In a horizontal lln
from Matanzus 500 feet high down to 1
feet in the west.
The east coapt Is abrupt and rugged,
series of rocky terraces. West of Guan
tanamo to Cape Cruz, the mountains o
Sierra Maestra rise behind the terrace
From Cape Cruz to San Antonio the coas
is low and marshy, excepting a bri
stretch between Trinidad and Cienfuego
Along the middle coast line, on both th
north and south sides of the island o
Cuba, are dangerous obstacles to naviga
tlOii, coral reefs and mangrove islet
forming uninhabited barriers to the main
land.
Hence, the great difficulty of landln
troops in Cuba, either for road-building o
for warfare, with all the safe harbors an
landing places guarded by the Spaniard
Of the interior there are many par
of which very little it known. It ha
never been sufficiently surveyed to give
accurate maps of either the nature of the
soil or the topography. The Spanish
Government has, from time to time, sent
commissions to make reconnoissances,
who have repeatedly reported that the
lack of habitation, the impenetrability of
the forests and insurmountable Cordil
leras have prevented the successful con
summation of these expeditions. Such ob
servations do extend east to the seven
tieth meridian, about 120 miles from the
eastern end, which includes Santiago, and
but fragmentary reports have been pub
lished of such investigations as have been
Roads In Cuba are more celebrated for
their scarcity than for anything else.
Good highways are short and they are
few and far between. There Is a road
now extending from Havana to Pinar del
Rio called the King's highway (Oamlno
el Rey). It belongs to a class of roads of
which a few wore tonstrueted centuries
ago, leading from Havana and from a
few interior cities to their entrepots. Be
yond this the Government has con
structed no roads leading into the coun
try, so that Inland communication is
much impeded and in most of ihs island
impossible.
Had Spain pursued a dlfferenl policy
with regard to road-building In Cuba she
might not have been involved In the
present war. It was the lack of military
roads, with the consequent impossibility
of rapid movements of troops, that has
made possible the Cuban revolution, ter
minating in the "resent war. With good
military roads Spnin could have termi
nated the revolution long ago. The re
sult of her neglect in road-building will
now be the loss of the entire territory.
Vastly different is the policy pursued by
England in the Inland of Jamaica. Al
though only one-tenth the size of Cuba
this island possesses over 2000 miles of
splendid highways and enjoys a prosper
ity which without good roads is lmpos
]£urther reports of General Stone's work
in Culm will be awaited with interest.
The problem of how to build roads In ac
tual war and at the same time to trans
port over them the troops who are to do
the fighting at the front is a question
that will call for the highest degree of
skill and the most expeditious applica
tion of all the instrumentalities at his
command.
CHARLES FREEMAN JOHNSON,
Acting Secretary National League for
Good Roads.
tendent of Instruction; Richard T. Cohen.
Recorder of Sacramento, and J. C. Wray,
a Los Angeles capitalist.
Captain Edward Murphy of the quar
termaster's department, United States
volunteers, and Ensigns D. F. Sellers and
"W. H. Sieger, who have been ordered to
the Philadelphia, are at the Palace.
Charles Erickson of Martinez, a railroad
contractor; J. R. Hebbron of Salinss, ex
member of the State Board of Equaliza
tion, and George Johnson, a stockralser
of Pleasanton, accompanied by his wife
and child, are among the arrivals at the
Grand.
Fred Dodd, proprietor of the Hughes
Hotel, Fresno; Benjamin P. Barker, a
vineyardlst of Livermore: A. C. Blair, a
business man of Los Angeles, and W. A.
Lord and wife of Sacramento, are at the
Baldwin.
Editor C. W. "Williams of the San Jose
News came up to this city for a little
holiday yesterday and to honor the mem
ory of the nation's dead. He reports that
the outlook for crops In the Santa Clara
Valley were never better. Prunes are
looking exceptionally well.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Russia Is about to build a giant torpedo
boat at St. Petersburg. It is alleged to
be of 1500 tons, or about four times the
displacement of the largest torpedo boat
destroyers.
Gunboats of medium size and speed, but j
with great coal endurance, are coming i
into favor In European navies. France Is j
I building one at Brest, named the Zelle, |
! which will be 187 feet three inches In |
j length, twenty-six feet five inches beam, j
and with engines of 900 horse power will !
steam thirteen knots. Her coal supply is j
sufficient for a run of 2700 miles at a ten- j
knot speed.
"El Bolitario" (the 6ne only) Is what j
the Spaniards commonly call the Pelayo, ,
as Spain has only one battleship.
The tax-ridden people of Germany will ;
be made to pay a little over $118,000,000!
during the next seven years toward build- |
! ing up the navy. This is for shipbuild- :
ing, armament and torpedoes, and the '
total expenditures are estimated at $199,- j
450.000 for the septennial period. The
shipbuilding programme Is distributed as
follows:
Increase of the fleet $39,C98.470
Replacing old vessels 51,642.270
Gunboats 1,174.800
Torpedo boats 10,108,380
Total shipbuilding $102,623,920
Considering the fact that tha entire
German navy Is of comparatively recent
origin the Item of $51,642,270 to replace old j
vessels would indicate that the admiralty
must think that the greater part of the
navy now existing is of little account.
The British battleships Hannibal and
Illustrious were placed in commission May
10. The latter goes to China to relieve ]
the Barfleur. The Hannibal was begun |
I at Pembroke dockyard May 1. ISM, and j
; the Illustrious at Chatham March 11, 1595, '
i making a good record for tin; taller jfard, i
| but still much short ot the Majestic, built ;
j and commissioned within two years.
The old broadside Ironclad Resistance,
built In 1562, has been uyiized in the Brit
ish navy for a number of years as a tar
get by large and small guns. As her side
protection was only four and one-half
inches of Iron, the tests with modern
; guns must have been very unsatisfactory
and barren of results of practical value, j
j The old hulk hns been shot through from !
i end to end and from side to side with shot |
and shell from guns ranging in calibers
from 9.2 inch down to machine guns. The I
ship has been sunk and raised several j
: times to undergo this naval war vivisec- ;
tlon. Dummy sailors have been slaugh- ;
tered by the dozen, and exploding shell 3 I
In the Interior of the ship have made sad ■
havoc with decks and fittings. The old
i craft is now so battered as to be scarce
ly worth temporary repairs to lit her for
continued assaults by shot and shell.
The British cruiser Terrible Is s: !1 un
dergoing trials, and Indications point to
a feeling of disappointment over the
Belleville boilers on account of the quan
tity of fuel they consume. On May 9
the ship completed her trials under dif
ferent revolutions of her propellers, com
prising 25, 40. 70, 86 and 104. With flre
nndor twenty of her forty-eight boilers,
carry 217 pounds of steam, the horse
power averaged 5054 during alxty hours
and the speed 12.8 knots, The coal con
sumption for all purposes was at the rate
of 2.3 per horse power per hour or at the
rate of 125 tons per day steaming 807
knots. As the bunker capacity of the
Terrible Is 3000 tons this supply would
take the ship only 7360 miles, which Is
rather expensive steaming for a low
speed.
(pared with the armor plate mann
ers in England, the Carnegie and
?hem works In Pennsylvania are
• slow in their output. There are
notable firms In Great Britain mak
ing armor plates, gun-forgings. projec
tiles and other similar war material,
namely, Cannmell & Co.. with a yearly
capacity of 8000 to 10,000 tons of armor
plate; John Brown & Co., 10,000 tons, and
Vlckers & Co., with 8500 tons. These three
firmu can, in the course of twelve to fif
teen months, supply the arm- i for nine
battleships of the heaviest type, aggre
gating about 27.000 tons, whereas the Car
negie and the Bethlehem works only agree
to deliver jointly 600 tons per month, and
deliveries to begin six months after sign-
Ing of contract.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POET LAUREATE — D. R.. Angels
, Camp. Cal. Alfred Austin is the poet
' laureate of England.
PATENTED ARTICLES— E., City. Pat
ented articles must bear some kind of no
tice that they are patented and the dato
of patent.
GRANT IN SAN FRANCISCO— A. C.
R., San Jose, Cal. Ex-President U. S.
Grant, while on his tour of the world,
arrived in San Francisco from China on
the 20th of September, 1879.
THE SHENANDOAH— R. M., City. The
ship Shenandoah left this port for Europe
on the 2d of last January. She carried
j 103.717 centals of wheat and 1725 centals
i of barley, the whole valued at 179,500. The
I net tonnage of the Bhlp Is 3154.
TWO SHIPS— H. D., City. The steamer
Kaiser Wilfrfelm der Grosse is 649 feet
long, 66 beam and 39 depth. Her gross
tonnage is 13,800 and her horse-power 27,
000. The Lucania is 620 feet long, 65.3
beam and 43 depth. Her gross tonnage ia
12,950 and her horse-power 30,000.
SPANISH NAMES— M. V. 8., Westmin
ster, Orange County, Cal. "Balsa chica"
is Spanish and means little lake or pool;
"la mirada," also Spanish, means tran
sient view, and "las lomas," also Span
ish, means rising gro-.nd on a plain, lit
tle hills or hillocks.
MACHINISTS— M., City. For informa
tion about machinists to be sent to Ma
nila to work on Bhjps there personal ap
plication must be made to the Bureau of
Employment at Mare Island. The ap
plicant must file his application, and If
there is need for his services he will be
notified.
TO ENLIST— F. S., Oakland, Cal. If
you desire to enlist in the service of Uncle
Sam and serve your country during the
war with Spain you should present your
self to the recruiting officer at the Pre
sidio, and If you are qualified, physical
ly and mentally, you will be accepted. If
rejected you cannot enter the service as
an Individual.
THE JOHN JAY— T.. Alameda, Cal.
There cannot have been any historical
event connecting Benjamin Franklin with
the ship John Jay, broken up in the Oak
land estuary several years ago, for the
reason that Franklin flied in 1790, and the
vessel named waa not built until 1839, at
Staten Island.
PENSIONS— C. Alameda. Cal. By the
act of Congress passed January 27, 1890,
a woman who has married a veteran of
the civil war since the close of the war
is not entitled to draw pension after the
death of her husband, unless it is proven
that death resulted from wounds received
or disease contracted in the discharge of
duty while in the service.
BOOKS— M. V. 8., Westminster. Orange
County, Cal. The best military books in
the Untted States from which to study
tactics, etc., are the several tactics of the
I'nited States army. Cook books vary
with the taste of the individual desiring
to us« the 6ame. Any first-class book
dealer will furnish a list of the books of
this character that are on sale.
GERMAN MILITARY SERVICE— X..
Mountain View, Cal. If a German In time
of peace leaves his native country with
out having performed military duty, goes
to the United States, becomes a citizen
thereof and subsequently returns to his
native country, he may remain there un
molested for a period not exceeding four
months. If be remains beyond that time
Germany can claim his military service.
WAR— D. R., Angels Camp, and J. H.
C. C, City. The message of President
McKlnley announced that war existed
between the United States and Spain is
dated April 25, and it sets forth that war
existed since the 21st of the month. Tha
reason for the war is the refusal of Spain
to discontinue its inhuman warfare in
Cuba and withdraw its land and naval
forces from the island. There have been
as yet no land battles, that is nothing
that can be designated as a battle.
— ♦ — ♦•—•• — •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The young widow who obtained a li
cense for a third matrimonial venture
took the precaution of finding out where
divorces were granted. Evidently she
does not regard marriage as a permanent
blockade.
■ ♦ ■
Excursion to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
A select party of educators and scientists
will leave San Francisco Monday, June 8. for
the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, In charge
of Professor Emory Smith of Palo Alto. Very
low rates have been made and a pleasant and
profitable trip is assured. Full particulars at
Santa Fe Office, 644 Market street.
Cut Bates via Santa Fe Route.
On and after June 5. until further notice,
second-class rates will be as follows: Kansas
City and Omaha. $31; St. L*>uis, $37; Chtoago,
$32 50. Through palace and tourist sleeping
cars every day. Full particulars at Santa Fa
Ticket Office. 644 Market St.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points East. Call on T. K.
Btateler, General Agrent. 83S Market St., S. F.
Anoostttba Bitters are endorsed by all the
leading physicians and caemists for purity and
wholeaomenesa. Get the genuine.— Dr Siege rt's
EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.
Use Acker's English Remedy In any case of
coughs colds or croup. Should It fall to glv«
immediate relief money refunded. At No Per
centage Pharmacy.
"The street sprinkler," says a Vermont
paper "has started, and looks as gay as
a voung girl In yellow paint, with black
stripes on her ribs." Young girls in Ver
mont apparently indulge in queer artistic
fancies.
k V; ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
mm
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
■ - :i ■'■'- "' : - - ■ . ■ : ■ . ' ' '- ■ ■ -
, '■> . ROYAL BAKWta >OWD«W CO., NEW VOMCWILL DIRECT THE
LOCAL EFFORTS
OF THE RED CROSS
Mrs. J, F. Merrill Assumes Control
of the We!l-Known Society.
Mrs. W, B. Harrington Now
State President,
Mrs. John F. Merrill took up the reins
of governing t_e local Red Cross Society
yesterday and appointed the following
•members to aid her in carrying out the
grand work of the organization:
Financial secretary. D. G. F. Hanson: treas
urer, William Alvord; assistant treasurer, W.
B. Harrington; chairman hospital committee.
Mrs. \V. H. Harrington: finance, Mrs. W. B.
Morgan; subscription, Mrs. Louis . loss; nurses.
Mrs. Wendell Easton; purchasing, Mrs. W. K.
Smedberg; badges, Mrs. Id. L. Dunbar; schools. ,
Miss Stinc^n; by-laws, A. Mack; donations, j
Mrs. Theodore Smith"; hospitality at ferry, Mrs,
I. Lowenberg; press, Anna W. Beaver; print
lnp. Mi-e. John P. Merrill: entertainment, Mrs.
Edna Bnell l'< ulson: Information, Miss Coru
Parnell; auditing, Miss Merrill; Red Cross
stores of eonds. Mrs. Frank J. Flynneß; library.
Miss M. Herry: literature, Miss L. Smith; am- i
bu!a.nce. Miss Ashe.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, who Is at the j
head of the State League, will soon estab
lish headquarters and look after the con- .
TO WIELD MERCY'S SCEPTER.
MRS, JOHN F, MERRILL the New President of the
Local Red Cross Society,
Btantly increasing work of the society.
The society received the cheering intel
ligence yesterday that a neat sum would
be forthcoming from the passengers and
employes of the coasting steam r Oriza
ba. The boat left Eureka on Sunday last
and ' ilng the chief steward, T.
X Duprey, and hia assistants, W. Gleare
ar.d Thomas 1-Jell. with the consent and
valuable assistance of Captain E. D. Par-
Eftms. got up an entertainment in aid of
the Ri-'l Cross. The ::iain saloon was
beautifully decorated and the fifty-nine
cabin passengers made an appreciative
and generous audience. Mr». Conrad,
president of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, assisted, as also did Judge
8. M. Buck of Eureka. In addition to the
cum collected for admissions a snug
amount was collected by the captain in
passing around bis hut. The crew when
paid to-day will add its subscription,
when the whole will be sent to the so
ciety. The following is a copy of the pro
gramme as rendered:
Overture by the Orizaba orchestra.
"Washington Post"; flute and banjo duet,
••Mountain Bell Schottische," W. Cleave
and T. Bell; song. "Simply Because He
Is Poor," Captain Parsons; waltz. "Lost
Child," orchestra; comic song, "The CalHbar,"
T. Bell; flute solo, "The Soldier and the
Man." W. "Heave; recitation, "McXish's
Dream. "Captain Parsons; banjo and bone duet,
"Patrol Comlque," Captain Parsons and T.
Bell; "British Patrol." Duprey, Bell, Parsons
and Gleave; eong. with banjo accompaniment,
"Xorah Clancy," T. Bell; flute and banjo duet,
"Columbine Polka," W. Gleave and T. Bell;
banjo solo, "Maud S Galop," T. Bell; song,
sentimental, M. Bestandig; schottische, "The
' "White Star," Duprey, Bell and Gleave; piano,
. concertina,. flute and banjo.
It is purposed by the society to present
each volunteer with an "Esmarch" band
age, winch has become famous through
use in the English and German armies.
The accompanying illustration and dia
gram give an idea of its value in time
of need. Many have pictures stamped on
them, which give the wounded man an
instant idea of how to use it The Red
Cross ladies ask that workers in the cause
will aid them by making them. A few !
thousand are necessary, and as there is
little labor needed in making them it is
' thought the required number will be im
mediately forthcoming. Muslin must be
! ufed in their manufacture. They are tri
angular in shape, 54 inches at the base. M
at the sides. Mrs. R. G. Tyner and Miss
G. Stenson, two expert English nurses,
have devoted time in teaching the sol
diers the use of the bandages. Those who
cannot find time to manufacture the arti
cle would confer a benefit by sending
bolts of material to the society at 16 Post
street.
At the benefit performance to be given
for the Red Cross League at the Baldwin
Theater next Thursday evening, Madame
Pllar-Morin, the celebrated French pan
tomimist, will appear in a great dramatic
sketch entitled "A Dream of * Love,"
•which has been written for her by Her
bert Henry navies, the dramatic and
musical critic of the News Letter. This
will be the first tima:that Madame Pilar-
Morin has played a speaking part in San
Francisco. There is only one character
in the piece, which may be described as
a romantic comedy scene. It affords
Madame Pilar-Morin excellent Opportuni
ties for the display of the beautiful pan
tomimic art for which she is so famous.
The music of the gavotte whic!' Madame
Pilar-Morin will dance during this- scene
is by Aime Lachaume. Mr. Fritz Scheel
and his entire symphony orchestra will
perform four numbers. Seats will be
placed on sale this morning at the box
office of the theater.
Mr. McCoy has kindly donated the j
auditorium of the Y. M. C. A. for a ben
efit concert for the Red Cross fund to be
given under the direction of Miss Char- .'
lotte Ebbet and Miss L. Disereus on Fri
day evening, June 80. ' Among the partici
pants will be Siarnor Michalena, the
tenor; Hothar Wismer, the violinist; Mrs.
Carrie Brown-Dexter, the vocalist, and
i'tle Helen Dodd, the child pianiste.
i The fund of the society was brought up
X 133,266 yesterday by the following
Subscriptions:
C. P. Hunllnpton, 1500; , Mrs. C. P.
Huntinßton, $500: Lloyd Tcvlh, $100;
M. Khrman & Co,, JoOs . employe* of
Levl Strauss & Co., $36; Mrs. Jartn-H Web
ster, $5; Mrs. a. JJuclmian, Jlu; v friend,
' $5; Eugene Magee. jr.; Sunnyside School,
S3; Roos Bros.. $60; Harbor Police Station,
$20; Master Hopkins, %L 0: Miss N. Joseph,
ft; Miss A. Joseph. 51; Mrs. L. A. Levy,
Sl'h; cash, 16; Union Council National
Union, $10: Mrs. Ella O'Brien, 11; Mrs. 13.
Converse, Jl: Joseph Ehrnian, $10.
W. W. Ray of the Minnesota regiment
di'il yesterday at the French Hospital of
typhoid pneumonia after an illness last
ing seven days.
The young man was without friends in
! this State, but as soon as his illness took
a serious turn he was placed in a private
room in the hospital, where every atten
tion and care was bestowed upon him by
a private nurse. The Red Cross Society
provided delicacies and their representa
tive, Miss Frank, was at his bedside
when the final moment came.
The Red Cross will immediately write
m the mother of the unfortunate boy,
telling her cf the care that was shown
him and of the efforts to save his life.
His father has telegraphed that ho will
reach this city to-day.
The following appeal Is made to those
who send donations:
All the old campaigners tell us that a soldier
in the field needs a lot of comforting. He gets
homesick and doubly despondent when he Is
ill and inactive. At such times, fatline of
direct messages from those who are near and
di-ar t<> him, a written word of cheer from a
stranger, a bit of Inspiring poetry, or a conun
drum to change the current of his thoughts
wiil often greatly benefit him. Following the
stm'freFtion of a Red Cross worker, many such
.■>-s have been received and will lx»
tucked into the bundles of clothing, reading
ESMARCH BANDAGES NEEDED
Part of the First Aid Package Required by tbe
Volunteers.
matter, etc., which are being sent away. One
collection of notes and incidents of the Civil
war, made thirty years ago, has been received,
with a message of heartfelt sympathy for the
unknown one who may receive it. Will not
some of those who are anxious to help and not
able to do more active service engage In this
work?
Boys can do good service at 16 Post
street, as messengers, on Saturday after
noons or after school hours. Tom Mea
gher and Herman Shultz of the Washing
ton Grammar School were of the greatest j
assistance to the workers on Saturday j
last.
Donations were received at the ferry j
this morning from the following: Mrs.
Morris Drown. 250 MUidwlches: Miss
Trtest and Mrs, Walter Levy, Band
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
wiches; Mrs. H. Kuuman and Mrs. J. Ad
ler, $25, flowers and sandwiches.
All the flowers used in decorating the
home of Mrs. Eleanor Martin on Satur
day were sent to the Red Cross ferry
committee and presented to the United
States regulars.
As a large number of troops will arrive
this morning' from Dakota the public is
asked to send Sowers and meats, together
with provisions of all kinds, to the ferry
so that the troops from Dakota can be
furnished a good meal.
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the Cal
ifornia Club, has sent word to the Red
Cross that the club will donate 500 ban
dages and 200 comfort bags.
In a very unostentatious manner the la
dies of Ivy and Harmony Chapters of the
Order of the Eastern Star have for sev
eral days past been at work assisting the
Red Cross Society in attending to the
comfort of the soldiers who are encamped
at Richmond and Presidio. The ladies of
the first-named chapter have converted
into abdominal bandages sixty-five yards
of material, making them after a pattern
that will give comfort to the wearers.
They are cut so as to fit to the form and
will not crawl up. The members of this
order have received many contributions
that will be used for the benefit of the
men who wear the blue.
All the local lodges of the Rebekahs
have joined with Loyal Lodge in the in-
I dependent movement to provide comfort
to the soldiers. They have, contributed in
i a liberal manner, as also have the subor
| dinate lodges of the Odd Fellows.
The ladles, in addition to looking after
the comfort of the men, have made a
canvass of the several regiments to secure
the names of all Odd Fellows who have
! enlisted also their home residences and
| names of relatives, so that In case_ of ne
cessity they may communicate with thL-m.
No donation to the Red Cross has been
greater appreciated than that sent in by-
Mrs. J. S. Winfield. About a week ago
she surprised the ladies In charge at 16
Post street presenting a large number of
linen bandages, and it Is expected that
she will repeat her valuable donation by
sending some hundred more to-day.
To-morrow night Buena Vista Parlor of
the Native Daughters of the Golden West
will give its entertainment in aid of the
California volunteers. It will take place
in Native Sons' Hall and will be intense
ly patriotic in its character. There will
be an address by one of the most gifted
speakers in the order, Mrs. Genevleve
Baker, tableaux by members of the par
lor, and patriotic songs and literary num
bers.
It is said that Governor Richards of
Wyoming is on his way to visit the boys
who volunteered from his State with the
intention of making them feel that they
have not been forgotten at home. As the
Governor is noted for generosity, it is un
derstood that he will give hia representa
tives a fitting- send-off.
Another large donation was received
yesterday. Mr. and Mrß. Collis P. Hunt
ingdon each sent checks to the society for
$500. •
COURSING FOR THE
RED CROSS CAUSE
GRAND SPORT WITNESSED AT
THE UNION PARK.
Firm Friend Won the All-Age Stake
After a Grand and Game Strug
gle — The Rounds.
Owing to the fact that the managers of
Union Coursing Park turned over the gate
receipts of yesterday's meeting to the la
dies in charge of the Red Cross Society,
the gathering was unusually large for a
Monday's meeting. Apart from the gate
receipts, the ladies realized the sum of $14
from three coursing pictures that were
put up for auction pale during the lnter
mission between the rounds of the stakes,
and the park managemept received the
thanks of the ladies who are working as
siduously In the interests of the boys in
blue.
Tho sport was highly enjoyed by the
large concourse of people who witnessed
the round?, and the judging and slipping
were features that pleased a majority of
the observers. It was late in the evening
wlien the finals were contested, there be
ing- a consolation stake and the finishes
of the all-age, sapling and puppy stakes.
The results are as follows:
Consolation Ftake, first round— Mystery
beat L>"ttie Dimple; Terrona beat Hettie M. ;
Gl«a Chlae beat Hoyal Stag; Border's Valentino
bat The Turk; Van Knapp teat Brown Eagle;
Electric a bye; The Gossoon beat Sir Walter;
■White Chief beat Sylvanite; Forget beat Sweet
Lips; Little Doubt beat Hicks; Arapahoe beat
Decorator; Hercules beat Douglas; Star Point
er beat Sllkwood; McKinley beat Jimmy H ; -:
Ten Cut beat Lady Grace; Glenstone beat Mas
ter Glenkirk; Lady Campbell beat Mission Boy;
Merer May ran a bye; Move On beat B>-
Gilt Edge ran a bye; Minnie E. beat Burling
ton.
Second round of consolation stake — Teirona
beat Mystery; Glen Chloe beat Border's Valen
tine; Electric beat Van Knapp; White Chief
beat Gossoon: Forget beat Little Doubt; Her
cules beat Arapahoe; M.Klnley beat Star Point
er; Glenetone beat Ten Cut; Lady Campbell
beat Mercy May; Move On beat Gilt Edge;
Minnie E. ran a bye.
Third round— Terrona beat Glen Chloe; Whit
Chief beet Electric; Forget beat Heroules; Me
Kinley beat Gladstone; Lady Campbell bea
Minnie E. : Move On ran a bye.
Fourth round— Terrona beat White Chief
McKinley beat Forget; Move On beat Lady
Campbell.
Fifth round— Terrona beat Move On; McKln
ley ran a bye.
Final round— Torrona beat McKinley.
SaplinK stake, third round— Lalla Rookh bea
Royal Flush; St. Gertrude beat Petronius;
Trinket ran a bye.
Fourth round— Lalla Rookh beat Trinket, and
as Kerrigan, the owner of Lalla Rookh is also
the owner of St. Gertrude, he won first and
second.
Puppy stake, third round— Thornhill beat Sky
Queen; Royal Oak beat Sunbeam; Liberty Cell
beat Rest Assured ; Minerva ran a bye.
Fourth round— Thornhill beat Liberty Bell;
Royal Oak beat Minerva, and in the .final
Thornhill beat Royal Oak.
Thornhill won first. Royal Oak second.
All-aged stake, ilfth round— Vanity Fair beat
Senorita; Tod Sloan beat Maud S; Firm Friend
beat Skyball; Lord Byron beat Eclipse; Rusty
Gold ran a bye.
Sixth round— Metallic boat Vanity Fair; Firm
Friend beet Tod Sloan; Lord Byron beat Rusty
Gold.
Seventh round— Firm Friend beat Metallic;
Lord Byron ran a byo; Firm Friend beat Lord
Byrop-
FAILED TO
DRAG IN
HIS FOOT
Plight of a Man Who
Loved Not Wisely.
FOUND IN A STRANGE HOME
DISCOVERED HIDING UNDER A
BED BY A WOMAN.
Thrilling Experience of Mrs. Edlin
of 1216 Laguna Street
With a Supposed
Burglar.
John Vaughn's love for a servant girl
got him in serious trouble yesterday.
About a year ago Vaughn met Annie
Hall, a domestic, who is at present em
ployed by Mrs. Edlin of 1216 Laguna
street, and fell in love with her. Yester
day afternoon she sent him a note asking
him to call on her.
Vaughn lost no time In reaching the
house, and was met at the gate by the
fair Annie. She informed him that" Mrs.
Edlln was upstairs entertaining a crowd
of school children for the benefit of the
Red Cross Society and fhat there was
nothing to prevent them from having a
pleasant tete-a-tete, as ehe expressed It.
Vaughn took the hint and entered the
house. Just as he was pouring sweet
words of love Into her ear there was a.
rustle of silk, followed by a feminine
voice calling "Annie!"
"For God's sake, pet under the bei!"
exclaimed the astonished domestic. "Mrs.
Edlin is coming!"
Grabbing his hat, which was on a chair.
Vaughn crowded under the bed Just as
Mrs. Edlin appeared. '
Noticing the embarrassment of her
love-smitten servant Mrs. Edlin became
suspicious and proceeded to investigate.
After glancing around the room she was
horrified to sec a male foot protruding
from under the bed. With a wild cry
Mrs. Ed!in ran upstairs and shouted to
her guests to call the police. One little
tot, with rare presence of mind, opened
the window and blew a toy whistle, which
was attached to her dress. Special Oifl
cer Heynemann was passing at the time,
and seeing Mrs. Edlin in the window
frantically waving her arms he at once
entered. On being told that a "burglar"
was in the house the special, with revol
ver in hand, entered the room in which ■
the "desperate" man had taken refuge, j
determined to take him dead or alive. [
Cautiously opening the door he stealthily !
entered the ruom, and taking up a posi
tion near the bed, ordered the "burglar"
to surrender.
"Come off," piped a voice from another
part of the room. "You'd think yer were
chasm' a crook instead of a respectable j
gent. I ain't here on business; jest mere
ly dropped in to see Annie. Are yer
next?"
Heynemann entered the room from
I whWi the voice emanated and found
; Vaughn seated on a chair, his hat in his
, hand. Notwithstanding his protestation
j of innocence he was taken to the City
[ Prison and charged with burglary.
: When questioned hy Police Officer Con
■ Carroll, who was sent to make an inves
tigation, the servant first declared that
the prisoner was her brother. Aft.-r !..■-
I ing taxed with the falsity of her state
i nv.-nt sho finally admitted that he was her
lover and that she induced him to enter
the house. .
FAIRFAX CAPTURED
BY FREIGHT MEN
CLERKS OF THE SOUTHERN PA-
CIFIC TAKE A DAY.
A Patriotic Tone Throughout the En
joyable Occasion of Dancing
and Feasting.
The dust and toll of daily labor was for
gotten for the time by the freight office
employes of the Southern Pacific Compa
ny yesterday, for all slipped away, with
their wives and sweethearts ( to Fairfax
Park for an enjoyable outing under the
green trees and on the flower-bedecked
hillsides. It was their fifth annual outing
and picnic, and in the language of \V. J.
Hardy, chairman of the committee of ar
rangements, "we had the best picnic this
time we ever had."
The Northern Pacific Coast Railroad
Company kindly ran an extra boat in the
morning for the picnickers, which con
nected with a special train at Sausalito.
There were twenty cars in the train and
fully 3GOO i-eo-iii look advantage of the oc
casion to go along and make merry.
The picnickers spent the day variously
In dancing in the pavilion, gathering flow
ers on the hillsides, engaging in contests
and playing games. The Church of the
Advent choir gathered under the leafy
oaks and sang patriotic songs, creating
uproarious enthusiasm. It was a patriotic
multitude all around.
Great interest was taken in the contests
and games furnished, and the vicinity
where they were held was always crowd
ed. The results were as follows:
Race for boys under 10 years— R. . Hobart,
first; H. Thomas, second.
Race for girls under 10 years — P. Hardy,
first; Gertie Hopkins, second.
Race for boys under 15 years— R. Rowan,
first: J. Irlarui, second.
Race for girls under 15 years— Fannie Joseph,
first: Mamie Jones, second. . . . ■ .
Young men's race — Weston, first; B.
Jacobs, second.
Young; Indies' race— Emma Balk, first; Jennie
Brown, second.
Race for unmarried employes— H. L. Cum
mlngs, first: Charles RedinKton, second.
Race for married employes— M. Casewell,
first: H. Crtpp* second.
Race for employes of. over twelve years'
service— W. Rede, first; B. Bent, second; O.
Stevens, third. ... . :
Candle — Eunice Kasten, first; Lottie !
Hasten, second.
S. R. Chappel acted as honorary chair
man of the committee of arrangements,
and W. J. Hardy as chairman. F. B.
Sherman was the chairman of the recep
tion and A. E. Pinching of the games
committee. A. C. Jackson was floor man
ager, H. R. Hicks assistant floor manager,
with G. L. Blackwell, J.W. Richardson,
Owen Lloyd. W. L. Frier and W. E.
Tucker as aids.
Carpenters as Hosts.
The newly organized Carpenters' Union
of Alameda was the guest of Union No.
403 of this city last night. If the m-mbers
of 403 are noted for anything in particu
lar it Is fraternity and hospitality, and
when the men from across the bay arriv
ed they felt at once as though they were
at home. A short business session was
held, after which two long tables were
placed in the center of the room and the
night's merriment began. There were
none of those delicate dishes made to
tempt the appetites of dyspeptics and in
crease dyspepsia, but plenty of good,
wholesome meat and drink, and it is safe
to say that never king enjoyed a royal
banquet more than the wielders of the
hammer and plane enjoyed the little
spread. The affair opened with an ad
dress of welcome by the president of No
4u3. which was responded to by the presi
dent of the Alameda Union. Then came
speeches, songs and stories from both
members and guests.
Knights of St. Patrick.
The board of directors of the Knights
of St. Patrick met last nipht to conclude
arrangements for the annual installation
of the officers of the society, to take place
at Delmonico's restaurant on O'Parrell
street to-night. An elaborate banquet
and an entertaining programme of vocal
and instrumental music will follow the
installation exercises. A large atten
dancp of knights and their friends ia ex
pected
PECULIAR
METHODS OF
JUDGE LOW
Issues Two Orders for
a Prisoner's Release.
0. R.'S WHILE YOU WAIT
TWO ATTOBNEYS HAVE A HOT
CHASE.
They Nearly Clash Over Their Be
spective Bights to Take Out
a Man Charged With
Felony.
It would stem that Judge Low Is deter
mined to win the plaudits of "de push"
by his frequent resort of the "O. R."
system. Scarcely a day passes that he
does not rekase as many as half a dozen
prisoners on their own recognizance, sim
ply because they belong to the "gang."
Last Saturday night he issued two "O.
R.s" for the release of a man charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
j The individual upon whom he bestowed
] this unusual gift is J. D. Bcserra. The
| latter after a short absence in 1..0S An
g< les returned to this city to find that his
wife had transferred her affections to an
other. Arming himself with a 32-caliber
Colt's revolver, he went to her home de
termined to kill her and her alleged para
mour. Meeting the latter in the hallway,
he attempted to shoot him, but was pre
vented by his wife. The screams of the
woman attracted the attention of a police
I officer, who placed Beserra under arrest.
It happened that on the way to the City
Prison a drunken sailor whs picked up
and placed in the patrol wagon alongside
Beserra. Thinkir.g that the latter was
a Spanish spy, the sailor struck him a
blow in the face, breaking his nose and
closing one of his eyes.
A few minutes after Beserra had been
locked up in the City Prison a police court
practitioner named Caldwell offered to
take him out for $20.
Beserra accepted the offer and promised
to give him the money the next day.
Caldwell at once left the prison and hunt
ed up Attorney Walter Gallagher. He
promised to give Gallagher half the
amount, providing he induced Judge Low
to release Beserra on his own recog
nisance. While they were discussing the
ase another attorney named Qulgiey
visited the prison and influenced Beserra
to aliow him to get him out.
Quigley lost no time in reaching Judge
I. iw'a house, and after statins' the facts
he ;isked him to give him an order for the
release of the prisoner. The accommo- j
dating Police Judge promptly wrote out '
an "O. R.," and handing it to Quigley in- \
structed him to have his client in court
the following day. A few minutes after
the attorney had left Gallagher appeared ;
and pleaded with Judge Low to give him
an O. R," for the release of the same
man.
As all attorneys look alike to the pre- :
si-ling officer of Court 4 he promptly filled
( mi t another order giving Beserra his
freedom on "paper bonds." Gallagher,
after learning that Quigley had preceded!
him, jumped on a passing vehicle and
begged the driver not to lose any time in
ting the City Hall, arriving at the'
prfa 1:1 ho impatiently rapped for admit
tance, supremely hnwny in the belief tnat
ho had outwitted Quijney. As he passed
through the gate he beheld his rival In
the act of handing Desk Sergeant Bid well
the order for the release of Beserra.
"This don't go," roared Gallagher. "I've
pot the case anu do not intend to be beat
trio then left the prison to fight" it out
among themselves.
THE ELIA MADE
THE BEST TIME
CORINTHIANS HOLD THEIR AN
NUAL REGATTA.
After Gaining the Victory in Her
Class the Edna Again Met
With an Unlucky Acci
dent.
The thirteenth annual regatta of the
Corinthian Yacht Club was held yesterday
over the usual course, beginning at the
foot of Taylor street. A warning whistle
having been blown at 11:40, five whistles
iit 11:43 signaled the yachts of the twenty
foot class to cross the starting line. But
none of the little boats put in an appear
ance, though the programme contained
seven entries in this class.
Shortly after 12:10, the time limit of the
j twenty-five-foot class, \Merope and Mis
' tral crossed the line, the time of both
i being taken at 12:10 p. m. Merope had
not proceeded far before her bowsprit
! carried away, and she sailed homeward
under the mainsail with a lowered peak.
Mistral stayed gallantly with the game,
and as she completed the course, will re
ceive a flag.
Of the thirty-footers, only ex-Commo
dore J. W. Pew's ploop Truant, and Com
modore Carl Westerfeld's sloop Aeolus
crossed the line.
In the thirty-six-foot class Freda and '
FMna started, the latter having repaired
the damage done at the California re
gatta, and having bent on an old main-
Ball, which, though dirty, did good ser
vice.
( lass I brought out live competitors
ex-Commodore A. J. Young's Clara, F. F.
Ante's ESlia, ex-Comsiodore G. S. Bill-
Ings 1 Nixie, E. Donohoe's Speedwell and
EL G. Latbrop's Pride. The yachts In
this class hail agreed to u»e only their
working sails. Nixie made good time over
the course, but, as she was not meas
ured, and her time allowance not calcu
lated, it is impossible to give her cor
rected time.
The tugs Liberty and J. Redmond Jr.
were provided for the use of the officers
and guests of the club; the former went
out to the Presidio shoal buoy, which was
rounded by the boats in this order: Tru
ant. Mistral. Aeolus, Freda, Edna. Blia,
Clara, Speedwell, Nixie and Pride. In the
beat out Truant had gained about a min
ute on Aeolus, but from this point on she
gained rapidly, and eventually crossed
the finishing line 28 minutes and 19 sec
onds ahead of the flagship. Aeolus ca
reened very considerably in the strong
breeae, and seemed too tender to be
driven. In the thirty-six-foot class Edna
beat Freda by 13 minutes and 29 seconds
corrected time. Of the big boats Elia
proved the speediest, crossing the full
course in 2 hours 20 minutes and 34 sec
onds, corrected time, beating Speedwell
by 53 seconds.
So far only two mishaps of minor con
sequence had occurred: Merope carrying
away her bowsprit, and Clara the trav
eller on her bowsprit. But as E. Sager's
Edna and E. G. Lathrop's Pride were
cruising around after the race. Pride
crashed hard into Edna, breaking her
gunwale and cockpit rail on the port side,
and also the jaws of the main boom. The
sloop Edna was on the starboard tack and
the sloop Pride on the port tack at the
time of the accident. The bowsprit of
Pride having become entangled with Ed
Our American Policy.
The policy of this country regarding foreign
complications aeems likely to remain conser
vative. The Monroe doctrine, according to
the declaration of our leading politicians, will
be sustained, but patience and prudence In
official quarters wii. restrain the exuberance
<if public opinion. The wisest and most pru
dent course for the rheumatic and the ma
larious is to use Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
which also cures kidney complaint and dya
lieusla-
na s topping-lift, it was some little time
before the yachts could be separated.
Pride, which, beyond scraping some paint
off her side, seemed to have suffered no
injury, began to tow Edna home, but re
linquished the task to the tug J. Redmond
Jr.,, which towed her into Tiburon Cove.
In rendering this service the tug ran
aground in the shallow waters, but after
churning up Black mud and crawling
THIRTEENTH ANNUAL REGATTA OF THE CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB, SAILED
MAY 30, 1808
btrong westerly breeze; clear weather.
First Class-
Clara
Ella
Nixie
Speedwell
Pride ;..;
Thirty-six foot-
Edna ........;......
Freda ■.
Thirty foot-
Aeolus
Truant
. Twenty-five foot—
Mistral
Merope : .
NAME.
I
!
1
33.65
40.27
"*33'.:i
3S.GS
I Time ißtarting'.F
■]Al'nce' Time. I
! M. S. [H. M. S.JH
• ' -
i 1:44' 12:47:14
I 0:00' 12:4T:16
. 12:r,0:2n !
\ 2:00 12:50:00!
1:48 11.---
i 0:0o! 12:39:23!
) 4:16! 12:32:58
! 1:08 12:19:181
I 0:00j 12:16:47
0:001 12:10:00
I I 12:10: CO(
'"inlsh'g
Time.
1. M. S.
•
3:16:50
3:20:30
3:22:41
3:33:49
3:35:10
3:46:20
3:28:26
2:56:23
2:51:45
#
Inish'g
Time.
[. M. S.
I Elapsed Cor'cted
! Time. Time.
H. M. S. H. M. S.
"z'S'-.H "2:29:34
2:30:04 t
2:32:36 2:30:27
;:44:07 2:41:09
2:05:47 2:55:47
3:13:22 3:09:08
3:09:08 3:08:00
2:39:41 2:39:41
2:41:45 2:41:45
i
ii
1S
31.40
•ti
28.46
tt.M
m
30
•Did not finish. tNo "corrected time" is given for Nixie, as she was not measured, and
her time allowance was not calculated.
A PARISH PICNIC.
Holy Cross Church Members Enjoy
a Day at Schuetzen Park.
The parishioners of Holy Cross parish
were out in force at Scheutzen Park yes
terday, it being the occasion of their
eleventh annual picnic. Dancing was the
major feature of the day's entertainment,
though the children enjoyed themselves
in numerous games, and many roamed
over the hills gathering wild flowers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF jgg PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
HOUSEKEEPING DEPARTMENT !
SPEJCIAL !
We still continue our sale of LAWNS, ORGANDIES, SCOTCH LAP-
PET AND DIMITIES, at 5c per yard.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN OUR FINE IMPORTED FRENCH ORGAN-
DIES.
TENNIS FLANNELS,
Choice goods reduced to 5c per yard.
DRESSMAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY.
Don't fall to visit our ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARISIRY~GOODSIOMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE BANNER LINE
FROM
S.T DAWSON CITY »
FORT SELKIRK «■*■
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14.
Also About July 28.
the POPULAR steamer
1 ' OIjE VEXj-A-ISTID. "
(Capacity 1500 tone. Accommodations for 350
steamer has been elegantly fitted up
This steamer has been elegantly fitted up
' for passenger service equal to any steamer on
' this coast. Guaranteed speed 14 knots. Con-
necting at St. Michael with the powerful
tioating palace of the Yukon.
STEAMER MARY ELLEN GALVIN.
Length 200 feet, beam 40 feet, draft 13 Inches;
with accommodations for 435 passengers.
"QUEEN OF THE WEST," "RAMPART
CITY," " BELLE ISLAND."
These steamers are the most powerful boats
that have- been built for the Yukon. Electric
i lighted throughout; with a 10,000-candle power
searchlight; fitted with all modern Improve-
ments. Table on all steamers unsurpassed. ,
/ Sailing dates, of our other steamers later on.
j For tickets, freight and full information call
on or address. _____ . .
NORTH BRITISH-AMERICAN CO., LTD.,
305 Market St. Tel. Clay 202.
Or J G. McCALL. Gen. Pass, and Freight Agt.
46 Marl»-t st., San Francisco (one block from
ferry)- Tel. Drumm 8.
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for All Prices. "vH
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only safe and perfect lamps' on the mar- I
ket. - Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
PAINLESS DEHTISm
\, vV\ (iF TFp . ■ -Wise: of tecli.Mtrsc?is» fret $s.C4cy
#*s>Wjs4r fc^ ooucnwin* nit,, \
Jji W«gJ - 25w«»
£^*|S%VAN VROOM
XMWiV fte!ra Oen ' al Psri: '' s
:"^ *¥« l^X^ SIXTH AND MARKBT |
if* ■ V ~ aW. KLEISER, O. 0. 8. '
AMUSEMENTS.
alcazar?^^
"CREATED A FUROR."—
LEWIS MORRISON
■■■-■-- -IN—" / '■- ' ■:'
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES I
The Most' lnteresting Drama. Seen" In Years.
■ Prices— lsc. 25c, 33c, 60c. • .•;:
Next Week— "A CELEBRATED CASE."
MOTHERS, SISTERS, SWEET-
HEARTS AND WIVES,
' See Your . Gallant Heroes , ; . -
DEPARTING ON THE PEKING
AS SHOWN -BY THE ; ANIMATOSCOPE
EVERY AFTERNOON ; AND ■; EVENING
AT THE CHUTES.
THE ' SIGHT OF ; A - LIFETIME "- v ■- ~< :
■ SOLDIERS I IN I UNIFORM ' ALWAYS | FREE!
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children, 6c.
1 along on her side for some time, she got
. out again into deep water.
The regatta was quite successful,
! though, except in the first class, the num
i ber of entries was slim. The strong breeze
kept the small boats from going round
i the course. The wind, though strong, was
; steady, and, there being little sea and a
! flooding tide for the run home, the condi
i tions were favorable for fast times.
Several valuable cash prizes were won by
the lucky holders of gate numbers.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of the following:
J. W. McDonald Jr., Joseph Regan,
Charles Barry, C. Cassassa. John Sherry,
C. McGorty. J. J. Scary, F. McGinn, Wil
liam O'Toole. Matthew Carroll, L. Car
roll, J. Monagtian. William O'Toole act
ed as floor manager.
Neither camels nor elephants can jump.
Elephants can exert the strength of
thirty-one horses.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
A DRAMATIC TREAT
ALL THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
John H. Martin Presents MR. CLAY
. . CLEMENT . .
— THE
-^®V-NE\A/ DOMINION. «-<©e£~
:• ADEQUATELY CAST
—CAREFULLY STAGED
June 13— THE FRAWLEY CO.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
The Grandest Vaudeville Organization Extant.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and his riding ba-
boon Jessie. Little Lulu, the great trapeze ar-
tist. 10— OTHER BIG ACTS— IO.
Popular prices 15c. 2Rc and 500. Matinee.
Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
BALDWIN THEATER.
THE EVENT OF THE TEAR.
GRAND BENEFIT FOR THE
RED CROSS SOCIETY'
On THURSDAY AFTERNOON. June 2 at
: 2:30 o'clock MR. FRITZ SCHEEL and his entira
SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA
In a new and beautiful programme, and
MLLE. PILAR MORIN,
The famous French pantomlmist, in a new and
original pantomlne, "A DREAM OF LOVE.'
introducing original dialogue and songs and
dances. Reserved seats now on - sale— 2sc, 60c,
7.'c and $1. No entertainment yet given for the
benefit of the RED CROSS SOCIETY will have
equaled this performance.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices — 10c, 25c and" 58c.
First Appearance of the Well Known Eastern
Actor,
GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a magnificent spectacular production of
! the Great Scenic Marine Melodrama.
i
THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA!
i Powerful Plot, Gorgeous Effects, Strong Cast.
df=?T=y Exciting Fight With a Devil Fish
'■■— '• at the Bottom of the Ocean.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
' LEONIDAS. Dog and Cat Circus.
. EZRA KENDALL, Humorist.
■ THE JOHNSONS. Xylophone Wonder*.
LA MONT FAMILY. Europe's Acrobats.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
CARROLL JOHNSON, Black-Face Comedian.
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR.
COLBY & WAY AND HARRY, ALLISTER.
Reserved seats 25c, balcony 10c, opera chairs .
and box seats 50c.
. Matinees every Wednesday, Saturday and
' Sunday. : : . - - '
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krei lng. Proprietor and Manager
EVERY EVENING.
The Musical Travesty, <
"THE POSTER"
. "IT MOVES— IT BREATHES.". '-.
NEXT— The Patriotic Spectacle 
AN AMERICAN HERO.
. "- A New . Comic Opera.
Popular Price5.^.....'.... 25c and EOo
No Telephone.
. - 'AT VMDIA- I Corner of Mi»en «nd ..
. . ULrMHA ' •■ Eddy StK..u. '
More soul-tnsplring war scenes, : new life plo-
tures by the i Blograph. • Captain r Sigsbae and
Staff, - United States , and : Spanish ■ troops, bat- '
tleishlps, torpedo ; boats -and ■ thrilling- Havana
scenes, and: a strong: olio of ten Great Special- ;
i ties. •• Admission free. "■'-:■ 
7s
MEMORIAL MUSTER OF VOLUNTEERS
OLD AND NEW
ONCE more has the master of the
nation's veteran life guard taken
place and many names, whose
owners answered "Here" at the
last call, have disappeared from
the roll.
uliar pathos attached itself to the
ceremonies of yesterday. Of recent
years people have gradually lost sight
of the solemnity of the day, and heeded
not the steadily diminishing numbers
of the frosted crowned heroes who tot
tered out to lay their offerings of love on
the mounds where sleep their comrades.
But with the city ringing with the
tramp of armed hosts it all came back
to those thoughtless ones, that other
great gathering, the long years of strife,
the final disbandment of the grandest
army the world had ever seen, and In
later years the touching devotion of the
living to the memory of their dead.
One year ago the remnants of that pa
triot band were escorted to their devo
tional exercises by their own sons, proud,
strapping fellows and heroes. Yesterday
they wi-re guided by sons of other veter
ans—strangers, but still wearing the
army blue — while their own boys, the
pride, the flower, the hope of California,
led across the broad Pacific to cora
-bat their country's foes upnm alien soil.
"Where a twelve-month before our boys
shortened their strides to meet the falter
ing cadence, of their sires, yesterday the
towering manhood of Washington, of Col
orado, of Minnesota and from the south
. em confines of our own State performed
like service.
And California is grateful to her sisters'
children.
The shouts of admiration which have
gTeeted the garnering ranks were stilled
by the new and strange conditions. And
when the men who bore the brunt of the
great struggle appeared, their ranks
grown thinner, their steps more feeble,
unbidden lumps checked all sound, and
tears coursed down the cheeks of those
who have witnessed similar processions
with never a thought of their real signifi-
Each post of the Grand Army of the
Republic had fewer men in line yesterday
than it did a year ago. "Taps" have
Bounded over the final camp ground of
many, while increasing disabilities kept
others from fulfilling their most sacred
duty.
But though veterans of '61 are falling
GENERAL MERRIAM REVIEWS THE VETERANS AND THEIR VOLUNTEER
ESCORTS.
fast their splendid organization will con
tinue to live until the last veteran of the
war of '98 shall answer the final sum
mons. Some day our sons and the boys
who participate/! in yesterday's ceremo
nies will return crowned with honors, and
tn^n they will become members of the
Grand Army of the Republic.
With the rising of the sun preparations
for the tribute to the nation's dead began
at the various Grand Army headquarters
and at the camps of the younger army.
Veterans hurried to their rallying places,
clasping, a handful of bright-hued
■s that were to spread their fra
grance over some sleeping comrade. At
the ramps uniforms begrimed with recent
hard service were burnished up, arms and
ferments polished, and when all
was in rea/iiness the long march to tiie
1 -nt of formation began. The streets
along which the column was to pass early
became congested with people assembled
from far different motives tlian Idle sight
seeing.
The thmngs were not kept long in wait
ing, for at 10 o'clock Grand Marshal Col
onel Matthew Schlaudecker and his aids.
escorted by a battalion of police, swung
Market street from New Montgom
ery and moved out that thoroughfare to
in Gate avenue, thence to Van Ness.
Following marched the four commands
of volunteer infantry: First Colorado,
Thirteenth Minnesota, Sixth California
and Kirst Washington, and four troops of
the Fourth United States Cavalry. Act
ing as escort to the naval detachment, In
ndent Rifles, San Francisco Turners
and Garibaldi Guard, rode Troop A cav
alry. N. G. C a whose members are down
cast because they have not been called
upon yet for active service.
The Boys' Brigade, the League of the
Cross f~- a dets and the public school
children— the latter, misses as well as
well as boys, marching like trained sol
diers—preceded the Veteran Guard and
Department Commander Solomon Cahen
and staff. Behind them marched the
members of Lincoln, Garfield, Colonel
Caes and Meade Posts, G. A. R. , while
carriages containing General Merriam
*■•>< staff, officers of tho day, disabled
veterans and city officials brought up the
rear.
On the broad avenue General Merriam
reviewed the column, after which the vet
erans boarded cars, while the Colorado
and Minnesota regiments marched to Cen
tral avenue, meeting the Grand Army
posts there and escorting them to the
cemetery. The California and Washing
ton regiments and the cavalry proceeded
to the Presidio, where they performed es
cort duty for the procession to the Na
tional Cemetery.
■•
THE NATIONAL CEMETERY
Impressive Memorial Exercises
and an Eloquent Address
by General Barnes.
The exercises of Memorial day at the
national cemetery In the grounds of the i
Presidio were held under the auspices of
George H. Thomas Post N'n. 2. Depart
ment of California and Nevada, of the
Grand Army of the Republic, and were j
of a most interesting 1 and impre. j
character. The various posts and organi
zations taking part assembled at 10:30 on j
Central avenue, at the entrance to the i
Presidio, and after forming in line moved i
at 11 o'clock in the following order:
Qrand marshal, J. B. Lauck; chief of j
staff. Captain F. de L. Carrington, U. S.
A.; aids— Colonel E. A. Denicke, Captain
S. L. Naphtaly, Harvey BurdelU Third
United States Artillery band; United :
States troops; sailors and marines.
United States navy; the Seventh Califor
nla Regiment and the First Battalion of j
heavy artillery; signal corps, N. G. C. ; ;
Boys' Brigade, companies F and G; Vet
eran Guard, G. A. R.; George H. Thomas <
Post Xo. 2, G. A. R.; Liberty Post No. :
133, G. A. R. ; Sons of American Revolu- j
tion; Sons of Veterans; Veterans of the j
Mexican War; garrisons of Regular Army
and Navy Union, and other organizations
and guests. I
At the entrance to the cemetery the
troops opened ranks, allowing the Grand
Army posts and other veterans to pass
through.
After the usual exercises according to
the G. A. R. ritual were held at the
George H. Thomas Post monument the
following programme was carried <>ut
upon the platform to the north: Overture,
Third United States Artillery band;
prayer. Rev.- F. B. Cherington; hymn,
"Rest, Peacefully Rest." Knickerbocker
quartet; Lincoln's Gettysburg address,
delivered by Selden Sturges; anthem.
Third United States Artillery band; ora
tion. W. H. L. Barnes, introduced by
Commander J. Murray Bailey, who spoke
a few eloquent words appropriate to the
day; "Tenting on the Old Camp Ground,"
Knickerbocker quartet; taps; "Syir
spangled Banner," Third United States
Artillery band.
The address of General Barnes was
brief, eloquent, patriotic and entertain
ing, and was a little out of the usual
lines followed on such occasions. He ad
vanced some new ideas that were both
timely and appropriate, and was listened
to with marked attention. He spoke sub
stantially as follows:
"Soldiers of Memory and Soldiers of
Hope: I greet you here to-day full of the
recollections of the past; thrilled with the
expectations of the future! The old sol
dier of the republic has had his memory
marvelously quickened in the last thirty
days by the call for troops. His mind at
once went back to the call of Abraham
Lincoln after the first gun had been flred
at Fort Sumter, and he had in recollec
tion the flower and life of the nation
pouring forth from mountainside and val
ley, from the workshop and the counter
men of inexperience, but full of resolu
tion. The gTeat majority of that army
knew nothing except the arts of peace.
Many of them were commanded by offi
cers chosen for the moment, who knew
no more of the art of war than they did
when they left their mother's breast.
"The North rought against the South,
and both were unprepared for war. The
fortune of time and resources turned the
scale In favor of those who fought for
the preservation of the Union, and it
would have been supposed that the les
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
sons learned at that time would not have
been forgotten.
"With the War of the Rebellion, how
ever, the navy that we had built up, the
most efficient the world had ever Been
for pea battle, and which had accom
plished most heroic results, went, under
the law of IS6S, to Rotten Row. and it was
said that having Betltled our internal af
fairs we would not again need another
ship of war or another soldier. But we
remember that for a second and a third
and a fourth time In the history of our
nation we have been summoned to war
without preparation.
"At the time the war with Spain was
contemplated there was not enough pow
der in this country to fire a general sa
lute. We had the nucleus for an army —
only a nucleus.
"To-day on the tented field you see the
result of a nation of seventy-five millions
of people who are undertaking to grow
great by the arts of peace. It cannot be
done.
"The Universal Peace Society may have
its day in the millennium when the lion
and the lamb shall lie down together, be
cause the lamb will be inside of the lion,
of man. Peace is naturally the state of
of man. Peace is naturally the State of
man while he is resting for another fight.
It always has been so, and it always will
be so.
"Some say that our nation stands alone
—that It Is isolated— and should have no
voice or word in the affairs of the world.
That was the id^a when Washington
wrote his farewell address. But the
world has changed since then. That na
tion is more than human that never
changes its views. We respect the tradi
tions of the past, but mighty changes
have taken place. When Washington
wrote his farewell address our possessions
were bounded on the west by the Missis
sippi; France held all that vast territory
from the forty-eighth parallel of latitude
to the gulf; Spain held the Floridas and
Mexico was in possession of a vast terri
tory. This land was occupied by an alien
race, not speaking one word of our lan
guage, but it was thought we could an
glicize them. In ISO 3, through Napoleon,
we gathered in that enormous territory
with its inhabitants, who have become
homologous with us. When we took the
Floridas many people said that that land ;
was full of aliens, Indians, tarantulas
and alligators and could not be assimi
lated. Hut look at it now.
"We are no longer isolated from the j
world. We are the center of the world.
The empire of Russia is building a rail
road 5000 milts long across the Asiatic |
continent to Port Arthur, where she is
building the most vast military and naval
station the world has ever seen. Russia
is building to-day more powerful fighting
machines than any other nation. Tm- |
pertaJ Russia learned a lesson from the
English in the Crimean War. She had no
money then, but to-day she has more
gold in her . auks than any other country,
and she keeps it. She goes abroad to tint
row money. Every dollar in that vast ,
railroad enterprise is borrowed, hut her
gold she keeps for the day <,f Deed. Great
Britain and France do the same thing.
"Some people say we will never have
trouble with Germany. Austria or Prance.
Why not? If they want to fight they will.
We would have had trouble with them
before this had it not been for the blood
red flag of England. When we have set
tled this affair with Spain— a fifth-rate
power— we will • down and think what
the results of a war with a first-rate
power would have been. When we had
the controversy with England about Ven
ezuela the English lion looked around,
shook his tail, and simply said it is not
worth bothering about. Now we are go
ing to the lion and shaking his paw.
"That nation is only to live in this age
of the world that Is known to be a fight
ing nation, and when this Spanish affair
is over our Government will be glad to
consider two things, first, what sort of
an army shall we keep together, and
what kind of a navy shall we construct;
and. second, what shall we do with the
properly we have taken from Spain.
These will be two leading questions in
the next campaign. Bryan and free sil- j
ver will be forgotten. The majority of |
people think we need to keep the Philip
pines. We have virtually got Hawaii.
She Is only waiting, like a gentle sweet
heart, to be taken Into the arms of Uncle
Sam to be kissed, hugged and caressed,
and Uncle Sara will soon muster up
I enough courage to do this very thing.
! Cuba we ought to have had 2.00 years
: ago. and Porto Rico and all those islands,
| together with &c control of the Carib
bean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.
"The sailing ship for fighting purpose*
lis a thing of the; past. Coal is King.
! Shall we continue to lie tied up so that
I our fighting machines cannot be able to
! make more than a ten days' run with
i out coaling? No indeed.
"This is a new era of the world. Its
1 affairs are not going to be settled wlth
j out some reference to the Judgment of
; 75.000,000 of educated people.
"Civilization progresses: the only result
will be the survival of the fittest, and that
Is the nation that is represented by this
flag of ours, and when time shall be no
more, when all earthly things and earth
ly powers shall go down at the sound
of the archangel on the battlements of
j heaven, the last flag to be furled before
j the Banner of the Cross will be the Stars
j and Stripes.
"This war with Spain Is but the initial
'. war to bring together the English speak
ing races of all the world."
At the conclusion of the programme the
, graves of the soldiers of the war were
profusely strewn with flowers. There
were many elaborate and beautiful de
i signs among the floral tributes to the
; memory of ~ the fallen defenders, of the
Stars and Stripes.
SCENES AT THE CEMETERY.
Hundreds Attend an Impres-
sive Service at the Graves
of the Dead Heroes.
Out at the Odd Fejlows' Cemetery, over
the graves of the heroes of freedom who
have gone to join their comrades in the
peace of eternity, the ceremony of re
spect and honor to the memory of the
deceased veterans was both Impressive
and inspiring. It was a spectacle in which
the present generation participated, but
the thought embodied in the .ceremony of
the dead came to them as a mere nov
elty stripped of its pathos and devoid of
the full realization of the memories which
as the cannon boomed over and clouded
the epitaphs of the tomb came a vivid
picture before the minds of the old sol
diers of a scene and an age long passed.
As the veterans shouldered the muskets,
whirh like themselves belonged to an
earlier generation, but like themselves
were decorated with the honor and high
est testimonials of national pride, it was
not with the wonted steadiness that char
acterized tht-lr hearing when they first
marched out to pay the tribute of respect
and honor to their dead comrades.
The little graveyard, within a grave
yard, the God's acre of the nation's
heroes, presented a markedly different as
ped yesterday than it presented a year
ago. The number of epitaphs is becom
ing larger and larger, and many a living
hero of '61 who dropped his token of
recollection and honor last year upon the
grave of some beloved silent comrade has
since joined him in an eternal bond of
union in the world to come. The Grand
Old Army is gradually becoming a mem
ory, and in a few years more death will
have mustered the remaining rc-ruits into
the silent citadel of the tomb.
Side by side with the veterans, with
caps doffed and heads bent were the sol
diers of to-day, paying their respects to
those who served the nation before them
and whose example they will strive to
imitate in maintaining ami perpetuating
the existence of the Stirs and Stripes.
Many of the volunteers from the camp
opposite the cemetery wandered over to
the graveyard to witness the ceremony in
honor of those who fell in battle defend
ing the same banner which they intend
to protect in the near future. Many of
the boys remained in the silent precincts
of the little, enclosure long after the. cere
mony was over, remaining there to read
the sacred inscriptions and no doubt to
ponder on the future and the destiny of
those whom he has joined and with whom
he will shortly sail on a mission fraught
with uncertainty and danger.
The soldiers, after being reviewed and
dismissed at Golden Gate avenue, rode
to the entrance of the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery, where they again formed In pro
cesaion to await the arrival of the Minne
sota and Colorado troops on their march
from the city to camp.
When the first glitter of muskets was
sighted coming over the distant hill they
were met with a burst of patriotic music.
As the first line of the escorting troops
passed the portal where the dead heroes
of the past lay, the command to present
arms was given, and the entire two regi
ments passed the cemetery with a tribute
of respect to the dead soldiers.
After the last column passed the ceme
tery, the veterans, led by a corps of
musicians, filed In through the cemetery
gates and took positions around the mem
orial monument erected In the upper end
of the burial plat.
The memorial exercises at the grave
consisted of a well arranged programme
of patriotic addresses ana the rendition
of national hymns. The oration was de
livered by Rev. M. S. Levy.
m
CALIFORNIA'S TRIBUTE
TO THE NATION'S DEAD
School Children Strew Flowers Over
the Graves of Departed
Warriors.
SAN JOSE, May 80.— Memorial ser
vices for the soldier dead were cele
brated here to-day with unusual Inter
est. This was due to the war now in
progress, which has aroused patriot
ism to a high pitch. The boys of the
Maine were not forgotten, and a minia
ture battleship named after the ill
fated vessel, which had been set up in
Oak Hill Cemetery, was covered with
flowers in honor of the men who first
gave their lives for Cuba libre.
Early this morning a squad from
Phil Sheridan Post and Woman's Relief
Corps went to Santa Clara to decorate
the soldiers' graves there. Delegations
from John A. Dix and Sheridan Posts
and their auxiliary societies, aided by
numerous school children, saw that the
grra'ves of veterans in Oak Hill Ceme
tery were covered with flowers.
This afternoon there was a street pa
rade. It was headed by Company B,
N. G. C, followed by the G. A. R. so
cieties, civic societies and city and
county officials. The city schools were
represented in the parade by about 500
children, and they presented an impos
ing and pretty spectacle. About 150
young ladies from the Normal School
were another feature in line. This even
ing literary and musical exercises were
held at the Auditorium. Dr. Eli Me-
Clish delivered an oration.
GILROY, May 30.— The citizens of
Gllroy observed Memorial day by as
sembling in a mass meeting at Music
Hall last evening. Rev. R. N. Davis
presided. The congregation joined in
singing "All Hail" and "America." The
oration was delivered by Rev. J. Bine,
"the boy preacher from the sunny
South." Rev. W. D. Crabb read a pas
sage from the Scriptures, Rev. Thomas
Edwards led in prayer and Rev. R. N.
Davis pronounced the benediction. Pro
fessor R. C. Storey made a few re
marks.
To-day the school children and vet
erans and many citizens assembled at
the schoolyard and with baskets of
flowers marched to the cemeteries and
decorated the graves of the fallen sol
diers. Professor R. C. Storey deliv
ered an eloquent address and there was
patriotic singing by the entire audi
ence.
SACRAMENTO, May 30.— T0-day
memorial observances were rendered
parti" jlf rly significant because of the
recp> ' departure of local troops for the
seac or che present war. At no prev
ious time in the history of Sacramento
was there such a general suspension
of business. The streets were thronged,
thousands of flags arose and fell In a
gentle southern breeze and at the City
Cemetery, where the services were
held, there was not a foot of space that
was not deluged with floral offerings.
The orator- of the day was G. W. Ar
buckle» who delivered an eloquent trib
ute to the memory of the dead.
Preceding the ceremony came the pa
rade under the auspices of the Gran<H
Army of the Republic. It was headed
by the police, attired in full uniform
and carrying bouquets. Then followed
the grand marshal and his aids; the
Second Infantry Band and a company
of mi.itla, the Mexican War veterans
and the several posts of the Grand
Army of the Republic, Woman's Re
lief Corps and Ladies of the Grand
Army of the Republic; the Sacramento
Institute Band and Uniformed Rank of
Knights of Pythias. J. C. Carroll was
grand marshal and J. S. Jones chief
aid. The aids were W. H. H. Willey,
Harry M. Carroll, E. C. Jordon, John
Measure, W. L. Larkin and George
Burnett.
TRACY, May 30.— Decoration day
was observed here by the raising of
Old Glory at half-mast on all flag
staffs in town. The Willow School
children turned out 100 strong with
flowers and flags and marched to the
Tracy Cemetery, where the graves of
two old soldiers were strewn with flow
ers.
EUREKA, May 30.— Memorial day
was observed in this city by comrades
of Colonel Whipple Post No. 49, G. A.
R., assisted by the ladies of the
Relief Corps, school children, the clergy
of the city and citizens generally. This
forenoon the Grand Army post, headed
by the local Naval Reserve and accom
panied by the school children, marched
to Myrtle Grove Cemetery and decor
ated the graves of soldiers. A
deputation accompanied by friends
and children went from Marris street to
the cemeteries at Bucksport. All bus
iness houses were closed during the en
tire day. This evening exercise were
held at the Pavilion.
WATSONVIL.L.E. May 30. — Memorial
day was observed with impressive cere
monies. Exercises were held in the
plaza. Rev. Dr. Dille of San Francisco
delivered the address. The procession
marched to Odd Fellows* Cemetery
and ceremonies were held at the sol
diers' plat, concluding with three val
leys fired over the graves and a final
prayer and benediction.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 30.—Mem
orial day was observed here with
unusual ceremony this year, the pres
ent state of war serving to emphasize
the honor due the memory of dead sol
<!>-rs. Flags both here and in Mon
terey hung at half mast.
The ceremonies began with a mem
orial address last night by Rev. Dr. E.
S. Chapman of Oakland. Eloquently
and patriotically this eminent speaker
referred to the present war and said it
was the first time in human history
any great nation had gone to war to
aid the oppressed of another nation.
This morning at 10 o'clock members
of the local Grand Army of the Re
public post and veterans of the Mexi
can War, escorted by the Monterey di
vision of the Naval Reserve, civic so
cieties of Monterey and Pacific Grove,
High School cadets, public school chil
dren, firemen of the two towns and
bands assembled at the Naval Reserve
armory, and, forming a column,
marched to the military cemetery on
the United States Government reser-
%'ation, where the Grand Army of the
Republic memorial ritual was per
formed and school children strewed
flowers upon the soldiers' graves. The
ceremony was very impressive, begin
ning: with an invocation by Father
Peck, a Mexican War veteran, and clos
ing with the firing of a salute to the
dead. The day's oration was delivered
by Rev. H. S. Snodgrass of Monterey.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 30. — CATTLE— steady
to-day. Native beef steers, $4@4 85; stockers
and feeders, $4@5: medium, $4 40@4 60: cows
and heifers, $3 40@4: canners, $2 sf>ff3 30.
HOGS— Were in good demand. Light hogs.
$3 70*7/4 12: heavy packers, J3 90@4 17; fair to
choice $4 20(54 35; pigrs, $2 50®3 90; butchers,
J4fM 30.
SHEEP— RuIed firm at the recent advance.
Sheep $I<Si4 25; clipped lambs, WBS 30; wooled
lambs. $T. TOffS 10.
Receipts— Hogs. 30,000: Cattle, 15,000; Sheep,
15.000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, May 30.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1600.
Market shade higher; native beef steers, Hip
4 85: Western steers, $3 60@4 40; cows and heif
ers $3 50@4 30; stockers and feeders. $3 So@s;
bulls and stags. $2 BOG L
HOGS— Receipts, 2200. Market shade higher;
heavy, $4 07@4 10%; mixed. $4 9764 10; light,
$4 05«?4 10; bulk of sales, $4 0717 4 12.
SHEEP— 6SOO. Market shade
stronger; fair to choice natives, $3 70*94 40;
do Westerns, $3 60® 4 30: lambs, $4 25<J?5 75.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, If any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hunJmHl.s during the last twelve h^urs
Isobars, or roliti lines, connect points of en'.;al
air pres.suri ; isotherms, or dotted lines equal
tempera. ure. The word "high" means hisrh
barometri: pleasure and is usually aceompan'.-d '
by f'lir Weather; "low" refers to inw prep- j
sure nr.d is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
fir«t appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low ;
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rai.i south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer u-»ather may be expected |
in summer and colder weather In winter. T-he I
reverse of these conditions will produce an !
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, May 30, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
F.ureka. B8; Red Bluff, 74; Sacramento, 72;
Fresno, 7fi; Independence, 7S; San Luis Obispo.
66; Los Angeles, 72; Pan Diego, 62; Yuma, 92.
Sin Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 4s: mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERA!. |
FORECASTS.
The pressure continues high over the central
portion of the Pacific Slope. ' An area of low
pressure overlies the upper Missouri Valiey.
■ During the past twenty-four hours there has
been a rapid fall in pressure over Montana,
Wyoming and eastward.
- The temperature has risen over Oregon and
fallen over j Eastern Montana and Southern
Idaho. In the great valleys of California the
temperatures are from 6 to 8 degrees beiowthe
normal.
: The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 30 miles per hour from
the south; Lander. 30 south.
No rain has fallen in California during the
past twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco" for thirty
hours ending midnight May 31,-1898:
. Northern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
westerly ■> wind. -
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; . light
westerly wind. -
Nevada — Fair Tuesday. s
Utah — Fair , Tuesday. •
Arizona—Fair Tuesday,
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesdayj
fresh westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. rn_: Clear; wind northwest, 24 miles
per hour; temperature, 48; maximum tempera
ture, 55. ALEXANDER McADIE,
Loral Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Mo
2
10
17
We
4
11
13
35 ;
13
19
Ls.
IS
13 I
20
Sa.
I U
21
! IT
|/«v full Moon.
I W May
Moon's Phasetk
15
la"
16
23
50
Last Quarter,
Qi May 11
! x^v New Moon,
j Vj/ May 2u.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey.
Times and Heights of High and Loir
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both placet.
________ __
MAY-I-ws
«
, Tuesday, May 31.
Sunrises . ■.<
Sun net« ..; 7:38
Moon sets ...1:81 a. m,
§ i Time j Feet | Time ! FeeJ^ld Feetl'^ilTe*
K L W H VV L W iH Wi
iii i:6* l.;< am
1 2:42 0 5 9:83
2 8:30—01 10:4»
3] 4:13 -0.7 11:33
4. 5:07 —1.? 12:311
51 6:66 —1.4 1:2!
:H.7I 1:14
3.8 2:03
4.0 2:61
4 2 3:40
4.2 4:bO
4.4 5:24
2.7
2.8
3.1
3.1
3.2
8:
P
9:
10:
U
:
NOTE.— In the above exposition of th« tld*«
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
thres tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
riven are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus fiern ( — ) precedes the helifht
and then the number given is subtracted fronj
the depth given by the charts. The plans of
rpfr-rpnce If the mean of the 1ow<r low wat»rv
STEAMERS TO ARRIVES.
Pteamek.
Oreeron IPortlana May SI
Homer iNewtiort May 31
Mlneola jComox May3l
Moana Igvdney jne 1
Umatuia Victoria *Pu*et Sna..... Jna I
San Bias Panama Jne I
6anta Rosa. . . . <an Dlero Jne 1
fhllkat Eel River Jne 2
Burma Nanaimo Ijne 3
Coiumma Portiana !jne 3
Bristol Comnx Jne 8
Coos Bay Newport Jne 4
State ot Cai I Portiana Jne 8
City Puebia.. . I Victoria * Pnpet Sound . . Jhe 8
| May
May
May;
Jne
Jne
Jne
STEAMERS TO SAIL
Ftcamer. I
iTION'i
Sails.
Walla Wlla
Alliance
Laurada...
Fulton
Nat. City...
Arcata
Scotia
Orizaba- ..
Orepon
Homer
Chs Nelson
Nortn Pork
Santa Kosa
Grce Dollar
Columbia..
Umatilla. ..
Morgan Cy.
I San Diesro .... May 31.11am Pier 11
Vie & Pfft Sna May ol. Ill AM Pier 9
lAlaska May 81. 3 pm Pier %
! Alaska June 1
Oresron Porta June 1.10 am
Alaska June 1. 12 M;Pter 2
Coos But Jnne 1.10 am Fter U
Humboldt June 1,10 am Pier a
Humboldt .... June 1.10 am Pier 9
IPortlana June 2.10 am Pier 13
I Newport June 2. 9 am Pier 11
St Michael.... June 2,
Humboldt ... June a. 9AM|Pier 2
San Diego June 4.11am Pier 11
Alaska June 4,
Portland June A. 10 am Pier 13
Vic & Ppt Sna June 5.10 am rler .t
9t- Michael ... I June H
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and t -
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and ali matters • ■
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian-,
by telegraphic signal received each day rr<>?» <
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar»^
Island. Cat.
A notice statins 1 whether the timeball was .
dropped on time or giving the error, If any. 13 *
published the samp day by the afternoon pat>er»
and by the morning papers the following day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign. V. S. N.. In Charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. May 30. "
stmr Scotia, Johnson, 28 hours from Trini
dad.
otmr Laguna, Peterson, 21 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 106 hour* from Port
Ludlow.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, .19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg; bound to Newport; put In to land
passengers.
Stinr Laurada. Scott. 73 days from Philadel
phia, via tSanady Point 37 days.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 22 1 ? hours from Eu- '
reka.
Bark Martha Davis, Soule, iS days from
Honolulu.
Bark Sea King, Wallace, 1C3 days from New
castle, NSW. •
Schr Mar; C. Campbell. 7 days from Bodega,
Bel ■ Defiance. Blom, 22 days from Honolulu.
Schr Allen A, Pchaee, 19 days from Ka
hului. .
s'chr Spam '.v. Dart. 4V>> days from Eureka.
Schr Reliance, Christensen, 12 hours from
Timber Cove.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, IS hours from Bih
lers Point.
Schr Melar.cthon, BeUesen, 12 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Eva, Klitgard. IS 1 -, days from Hana.
AXLED
Monday, May 30.
Stmr Clecone, Hlggins, Albion. : ;■ '
Stmr State of California, Green. Astoria.
Stmr Viking, Petersen.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Haw stmr. San Ma leo. Fletcher. Comox.
. SPOKEN.
Per stmr Laurada— April 29, 70 miles SE of
Cape Pillar (Straits of Magellan), the schr Car
rie and Annie, . from Boston, for Puget Sound.
Per stmr Sunol— May 2S. 8:30 a. m., off Port
land, saw an English gunboat, bark-rigged. 5
miles off shore, going up.
' ' TELEGRAPHIC. ,
POINT LOBOS. 10 p. m.— Weather hazy;
wind NW; velocity 20. miles. - j"\,
1 DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS— Passed May 30— Stmr Pasa
j. dena,' from San Pedro for Eureka.
HONDA LANDING — Sailed May Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco.
... ASTORIA- Arrived May 30— Br ship Port Lo
gan, hence May 10.
NEWPORT (S>— Arrived May 30— Schr Mag
gie C Russ, from Eureka; stmr Westport, fin
Fort Bragg. — Arrived May 29 — Schr
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Mav 29 — Schr
Okanosran, hence May 18.
SEATTLE— Sailed • May 2S— Stmr Ohio, for
San Francisco. ~ . »' :i ii,
EUREKA— Arrived May 29 — Schrs Lotti*
Carson and Eclipse, from Newport iS)
TACOMA— Arrived May 29-Schr Peerless, ho
M GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived May 29— Schr
: Maria E Smith, hence May 19.
Sailed May 2S— Bktn Omega, for Sydney; schr
Helen' N Kimball, for Apia; schr Glen, for
Redondo. May 30— Schr San Buenaventura,
for Redondo. '
Arrived Mav 30— Schr Charles E Falk. henc«
May 22: schr Twilight, hence May 19.
Arrived May Schr Gem. hence May 19;
schr Jennie Thelin, hence May 21: 6chr L«
Gironde, hence May 20. - '■■' ■■■■:..
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May -Stmr Jewel,
from Caspar; schr Alice, from Eureka,
FORT ROSS— Sailed May 30— Schr Nettia
Sundb^rg. for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Sailed May 30— Stmr Huenem*.
PORT. ANGELES— Sailed M30— U S stmr
Monadnock. <
TATOOSH— May — Br ship Lord
Ripon, from Tacoma, for Queenstown; May 30 —
Stmr Mackinaw, hence May 27. for Tacoma.
Passed in May — Ger ship Parchlm, from
Acapulco,' for Port Townsend; ship Reaper, hno
May 20. from Comox.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 30— Stmr rYlesland,
from New .York. ■ .
LISBON— Arrived May 30— Stmr Peninsular,
from New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived May Stmr Scotia,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 30 — Stmr Copna
°BREMEN— Arrived May 30— Stmr Friedrich
BREMEN— Arrived May 30— Stmr Frledrich
tier Orosse. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 30— Stmr City of
Rome. Glasgow.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAYINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted. k
Interest paid on savings deposits. M
Loans on approved real estate security an3
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denlcke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued,
E. Martlnonl, F. C. Slebe, A. Tognazxinl, H.
Brunner, McD. R. Venable, J. C. Bauer, F.
Kronenber*. Chas. Martin. C. Q«hr«t. P. To«-
nazzlnl, S. Orandi, G. Kotunal.CHICAGO ROAD
RACE DECIDED
Joseph Ringl Finishes in
Front.
ALL SCRATCH MEN BEATEN
OBLANDO ADAMS WINS THE
TIME PBIZE.
At Woodside Earl Kiser Clips Four
Seconds From the American
Record for One
Kilometer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 30.— The twelfth Chi- !
cago road race was contested to-day j
over the Wheeling course. The distance j
Is about twenty five miles. The roads j
were in very poor condition on account j
of recent rains, and there were only |
165 candidates for honors as against i
496 last year.
Joseph Ringl, 9-mlnute man, Pizency
Cycling Club, .won — time, 1 hour, 13 i
minutes and 5S seconds; W. B. Fergu
son, 5 minutes handicap, second; Gus \
Hagrlins. 5 minutes handicap, third; M.
M. Strong, 7 minutes handicap, fourth;
G. B. Larsen, 4 minutes handicap, fifth.
Orlando Adams won the time prize,
his record being 1 hour, 8 minutes and
48 seconds: John Nelson was second,
■with 1 hour, 9 minutes and 32 seconds;
J. W. Bell, third, in 1 hour, 9 minutes
and 47 seconds; James Levy, fourth,
1 hour, 9 minutes and 50 seconds; H.
Hamburg, fifth, 1 hour, 9 minutes and
65 seconds.
Later in the day, over eighteen miles
of the same co-urse, the second annual
Cook County Cyclists' road race was
won by Thomas C. Clark, from the
8-minute mark. Time, 59:13. J. de
Stephens was the time winner — 54:27.
( if the -'12 entries eight were on the
scratch, the rest having had handicaps
ranging from 30 seconds to 8 seconds.
PHILADELPHIA, May 30.— Earl
Kiser of Dayton, Ohio, this afternoon
clipped four seconds off the American
record for one kilometer, on the one
third mile board bicycle track at Wood
eide Park. Kiser's time was 1:01 2-5.
The former record was 1:05 2-5, made
by Edouard Taylor, at Manhattan
Beach, three days ago. Kiser was
paced by a quintet, which he followed
in fine style.
In the, half-mile event Kiser, who is
the present champion at that distance,
was beaten by O. L*. Stevens of Ot
tumwa, lowa, and A. C. Mertens of St.
Paul, in a driving finish. There was
less than a wheel's length between the
three men.
In the one-mile international pro
fessional race John Johnso-n of Minne
sota won by over fifteen yards. John
son's riding in this race was one of the
features of the afternoon.
Henry Cissac, the Frenchman, and
Johnson won easily in the five-mile
pursuit race. Their opponents were H.
S. Jfomes of Philadelphia and Jay
Eaton, the Jersey man.
One-mile international club tandem,
Clift and Waller, Castle "Wheelmen,
first, Acheburg and Johnson, Puritan
Wheelmen, second. Time, 2:00. Only
two teams started.
One - mile professional handicap,
Johnnie Johnson first, Stevens second,
Mertena third. Time, 2:04 1-5.
Pursuit race, five miles, Johnson and
HAPPY IS THE BRIDE WHO WEDS IN JUNE.
Dr. Redmond Wellington Pape and Miss Grace Sabin Will
Pledge Their Troth,
Church Ceremonu to Be Followed feu a Reception,
June, the month of fair brides and beautiful roses, is to be inaugurated by a brilliant wedding, that of Miss
Grace A. Sabin and Dr. Redmond Wellington Payne. __
The ceremony will be celebrated on Wednesday evening, June 1, at St. Paul's, and Rev. Mr. Reilly will speak
the words that will make the happy couple one.
Miss Sabin is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin, md has been a popular belle for the past two sea
sons She has entertained frequently, at the elegant Sabin home on California street, and has earned an enviable rep
utation for charm, grace, and that indefinable savoir faire that is the most reauisite attribute for a social success.
Dr. Payne, the happy man, comes from a family of famous physicians, and is well and favorably known, both
at home and abroad, as an able oculist.
More than 1000 invitations have been issued for the ceremony, and It 1b a foregone conclusion that the church
will be packed to the doors. . * , .„ , **. v.
It is to be a pink wedding. Pink roses will be used to decorate the altar, and palms will make the chancel
The bride will be attended by her Bister, Miss Ladd Sabin, who will officiate as maid of honor, and Miss Jes
sie Hooper, Miss Alice Cowen, M*iss Virginia Belknap, Miss Fay Rambo, Mls3 May Crowell and BKss Alice Sprague,
who will act as bridesmaids.
Dr. Robert Eugene Payne will be best man, and J. Markham Gleaves, Dr. Philip King Brown, Dr. Albert H.
Taylor Dr. Arthur H. Wallace, Dr. William Boyes and Dr. Louis C. Deane will be the ushers.
The bride will wear an elegant gown of cream white satin. The Jupe is made en traine. The entire front is
covered with an apron front of chiffon, and the hem finished with a full ruche of the same soft material. The
corsage is elaborately trimmed with exquisite point, the handiwork and gift of Mrs. Clyde Payne, A veil and
orange blossoms will complete the elegant costume.
The maid of honor will wear a modish gown of delicate pink silk mull over pink taffeta. The Jupe is made
with a slight train, and the corsage cut square in the neck. The overdress is trimmed with rows of white lace
>cr The" bridesmaids will be attired alike in pink taffeta gowns all trimmed with tiny flounces of pink silk mull.
Bridesmaids and maid of honor will carry bouquets of Cecil Bruner roses, and the bride's bouquet will be composed
"'Afte 0 / the church ceremony, there will be a brilliant reception at the home of the bride's parents, 2828 Cali
fornia street for which 300 Invitations have been issued. On Friday evening last. Dr. Payne gave a farewell
bachelor dinner to his best man and ushers in the private dining room of the California Hotel. A feature of the af
fair was the presentation by the guests to their host of an elegant Bilver loving cup, suitably inscribed.
Last evening the bridal party were entertained at dinner by Mr. and Mrs. Sabin.
Cissac defeated Homes and Eaton.
Time, 11:33.
WILLOW GROVE, Pa., May 80.— In
the two-thirds mile, final, Rogers won,
with Shumate second and Fernlemon
third. Time, 1:38 3-5.
In the one-third-mile handicap, profes
sional. Major Taylor won, with Hedstrom
second and Caldwell third. Time, :41 4-5
Match race, Edouard Taylor of France
and Joe Vernier of Philadelphia— Taylor
won. Time for twenty miles, 37 minutes
13 seconds. ■
DENVER, May SO.— The annual twenty
five-mile Memorial Day road race over
the Brighton course took place this after
noon. James Peterson of Swansea, han
dicap 5 minutes and 30 seconds, finished
first; Percy Heart?:, Ramblers. 5:30, sec
ond; E. P. Dreaske, Denver Wheel Club,
6 minutes, third. Peterson's time, 1:10:52. i
E. W. Page won time prize, 1:08.
NEW YORK, May 30.— The eleventh
annual Irving-Milburn road race at Irv
ington, N. J., took place to-day. The
crowd at the starting point numbered
quite 30,000.' Of the 132 entries received by
Handicapper Prial only five were placed
on the scratch, the rest having an advan
tage of from 15 seconds to 7 minutes. The
winner was J. M. McCarthy Jr., with S.
B. Baldwin second and L. H. \\ Übing
third. Time, 1:16:40. R. A. Alexander of
Hartford, Conn., won the time prize.
CINCINNATI, May 30.— The bicycle
road race from Fort Hamilton to Cincin
nati, twenty-five miles, was won this af
ternoon by H. Weidel of Cincinnati, Ohio.
Denham of Dayton was second and A. ±1.
Mil ward of Cincinnati third. n _
WALTH AM . Mass: . ! May 30.— The bi
cycle meet at the Velodrome this after
noon brought together 5000 people, ihe
chief event was the international match
one mile race between Cooper, Bald and
Jap Eden. The latter failed to show (up
on account of poor condition. This left
the two old rivals to fight it out, and
Bald won after three exemplary heats,
all being practically settled at the tape.
In the ten-mile pursuit race between
Kaser and Tourotte the latter caught the
former at 4*4 miles in spite of the fact
that Bourotte was slow in getting away,
giving Kaser a chance to gain fifty yards,
liourotte's excellent riding is shown
from the fact tnat his time was ahead of
previous records in pursuit races for the
same distance. Summaries:
one mile international race between
Bald and Cooper— First heat, Bald won.
Time, 2:20. _, _ .. •
Second heat. Cooper- won. Time, 2:20.
Third heat and race, Bald won. Time,
2*23 4-5.
" "i en-mile pursuit race between Kaser
of Switzerland and Bourotte of France-
Won by Bourotte, who caught Kaser at
4% miles in 11 minutes flat. Time by
miles— First, 2:24%; second, 4:54; third.
7:27 1-5; fourth, 9:59 2-5.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., May 30.— Arthur
Gardiner won the half-mile championship
to-day by a fast drive late in the race,
just cutting out Freeman at the tape.
Tom Butler won the mile open profes
sional, and the two-mile handicap was a
gift of Handicapper Aldrich to Becker,
who had 140 yards and good men to help
him, with no men on intermediate marks.
Half mile championship— First, Arthur
Gardiner; second, H. B. Freeman; third,
tie between Butler and J. B. Bowler (won
;on toss by Bowler); fifth, Dr. Brown.
Time, 1:02 2-5.
One mile open— Tom Butler; sec
ond, J. B. Bowler; third, Dr. Brown.
i Time, 2:11 1-5. _ , .
Two-mile handicap— Becker (140
yards); second, Bowden (160); third, L.
Hanna (ISO) ; fourth, Tom Butler (20).
Time, 4:26 1-5. „ „ _
BRIDGEPORT. Conn., May 30.— Over
■ 2000 people attended the bicycle races held
at Pleasure Beach this afternoon. The
principal event of the day was the ten
mile multicycle paced race between Eddy
McDuffie of Cambridge, Mass., and Fred
C Hoyt of Bridgeport. Hoyt took the
lead at the start and held it for two miles,
but poor work on the part of his pacers
caused him to fall behind, and McDuffie
held the lead from then on. McDuffle
rode a fine race, and after the three-mile
mark had been passed was never in dan
ger of losing. McDuffie's time for the
BOSTON, May 30.— Tom Linton, the
Englishman, was the star rider of the
annual bicycle race meet of theffMassa
chusetts division of the L. A. W. at
Charles River Park to-day, and he is
credited with having added to his accom
plishments nine world's records in his
thirty mile paced race with Harry Elkes
of Gfenns Falls, N. Y. The winning mar
gin for Linton, a little less than a half
mile, hardly shows how close the race
was for over twenty miles. Linton fin
ished fresh in 56:50 1-5, or 1 minute 40 sec
onds under, the record for the distance,
Elkes' time was 57:44.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 30.— Probably
10,000 persons witnessed the annual road
race to-day over the Waldo course, ten
miles Albert Loitner of Kansas City,
scratch, won the first time prize in
20:38%, and L. O. Mitchell, who was al
lowed seven minutes, won place prize.
His time was 31:31. -
NEW YORK, May 30.— The annual Me
morial day meet of the Atlantic Wheel
THE BAK FRANCISCO CAUL, TUESDAY, MAY 81, 1898.
Club was held at Waverly Park to-day.
There was a good programme ana law
persons were present. The winners or
professional events follow:
One mile— F. A. McFarland, Ban Jose,
Half-mile, handicap— MacFarland won.
Time, 1:02 3-5. , „ , ,
Two miie, handicap— McFarland won.
Time, 5:06 1-5; ___
MEMORIAL DAY GAMES
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS
Cincinnati, New York, Boston, Phil
adelphia and Baltimore Each
Score Double Headers.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING
Clubs— W. L. Per. | Clubs— W. L. Pc'L
Cincinnati ..28 7 .788 Chicago .....17 17 .600
Cleveland ..22 12 .647 Philadelphia 18 17 .433
Boston 22 13 .629 Brooklyn ....12 18 .400
Baltimore ..17 12 .586; Louisville -.12 24 .333
New York ..19 14 .576 St. L0ui5. ...10 22 .303
Pittsburg ...IS 17 .514 'Washington . S 24 .260
BROOKLYN, May 30.— Cincinnati won
this morning's game from Brooklyn in a
walk. The home team played an excep
tionally "groggy" game. Score:
Clubs- R- H E
Brooklyn * * 2
Cincinnati » 10 •
Batteries— Kennedy and Grim; Hawley and
Vaughan. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
The Brooklyns were unable to bunch
their hits In the afternoon game, while
the Cincinnatis opened the game with a
single, a triple and a two-bagger, earning
three runs, which load was never over
come. Attendance, 5000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Brooklyn " 8 *
Cincinnati « 6 l
Batteries— Yeagrer and Ryan: Dwyer and
Vaug-han. Umpires— Cuehman and Heydler.
NEW YORK, May 30.— Four scattered
hits were all the Indians could get in
the first game. Seymour, while wild at
times, was effective at critical moments.
Attendance, 4000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
New York C 11 2
Cleveland 2 4 1
Batteries— Seymour and Grady; Wilson and
O'Connor. Umpires— Emslie and Andrews.
The Giants pulled the second game out
of the lire in the ninth inning by a streak
of good batting and base running. At
tendance, 20,000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 9 IS 6
Cleveland 8 11 2
Batteries— Rusle and Warner; Powell. Young
and O'Connor. Umpires — Emslie and Andrews.
BOSTON, May 30.— The Bostons had
no trouble in hitting Caliahan in the first
game with Chicago to-day. Attendance,
3000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. K.
Boston 11 IT 1
Chicago 2 9 3
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; CaUahan and
Donahue. Umpires— Lynch and^ Connolly.
Notwithstanding the fine pitching of
Griffith, the Bostons took the afternoon
game through. timely batting by Tenney,
Hamilton and Collins. Both teams field
ed brilliantly. Attendance, 7000. Score:
Clubs- R. ,-H. E.
Boston ■' 3 12 1
Chicago • • Z ■ o •>
Batteries— Klobedanz and Yeager; Griffith
and Donahue. Umpires— and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA, May 30.—Philadel
phia defeated Louisville in the morning
game, principally through the good
pitching of Platt. Attendance, 3285. The
score was as follows:
clubs- R- H. E
Louisville 1.8 2
Philadelphia ••/" 6 10  2
Batteries— Fraser and Snyder; Platt and ilc-
Farland. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
The afternoon game was replete with
pretty bits of fielding. The Phillies
bunched their hits and won. Attendance,
9908, Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Philadelphia 5 • jj
Louisville • •••• 1 6 «
Batteries— and Fisher; Cowling and
Wilson. Umpires— Snyder and Curry.
PITTSBURG, May 30.— The morning
game was a great pichers' battle. The
Baltimores won out in the ninth inning
on two hits and a flagrant error by
Eagan. Attendance, 4800. Following is
the score:
Club*- .- R- H. E
Pittsburgh • 1 ? 3
Baltimore ....: ••••" ■ T5T 5 ■
' Batteries — Gardner and Murphy; Mo.Tames
and Clark. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
The afternoon game was an even thing
until the eighth, when Grey started the
toboggan with a wild throw to first, fol
lowed by another by Ely and a fumble by
McCarthy. The three errors, together
with five hits, netted six runs and dis
heartened the home team. Attendance,
8000. Score:
ciubs— R- H. E.
Pittsburgr • ? ' 4
Baltimore 9 12 1
Batteries— Tannehill and Murphy; Nnps and
Clarke. Umpires— O'Day and .McDonald. .
WASHINGTON, May 30.— Browns.
on account of a railroad washout, arrived
in time for only one game. The Senators
won by long and timely hitting. Attend
ance, 5000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Washington 6 8 2
6t. Louis • 8 14 2
Batterles-^Swalm and McOulre: Budhoft and
Cross.
Baseball at the North.
TACOMA, Wash., May 80^-Scoro, morn
ing game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Tacoma 16 • 4
Portland 14 18 8
Score, afternoon game:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Tacoma 5 4 1
Portland 2 8 3
MILES AND STAFF
TAKE THE FIELD
And Now No Time Will Be Lost in
Completing the Invasion
of Cuba.
WASHINGTON, May 30. — Major
General Miles, commanding the United
States army, acompanied by the mem
bers of his family his personal and
official staff, left at 11 o'clock to-night
for Tampa, The party, comprising
sixty-four persons, occupied a special
train on the Southern Railway, con
sisting of one Pullman sleeping car,
one special car, one combination bag
gage, and day coach and one baggage
car. Secretary and Mrs. Alger were
at the Sixth street station to Bee the
party off, as were also about a hundred
other persons, friends and relatives of
the officers. No demonstration of any
kind occurred as the distinguished
party took its leave. General Miles
will proceed directly to Tampa, where
he will establish temporary head
quarters of the army. He will person
ally direct the movement of the troops
and the invasion of Cuba.
Following is the personnel of the
party which left to-night: General
Miles, Mrs. Miles, Miss Miles and A.
Herman Miles, General Rodgers, Gen
eral Stone, Colonel Maus, Colonel Mich
ler, Colonel Major Daly, Chief
Surgeon Major Seyburn, Major Davis,
Captain Alger, lieutenant Rowan,
Lieutenant Parker and Lieutenant
Townsley.
General Collazo and Colonel Hernan
dez of the Cuban army were of the
party, as were also four privates of the
Sixth Cavalry, who will act as order
lies, and eleven secretaries and clerks.
Adjutant General Corbin said to-day
that 121,500 troops had been mustered
into the volunteer army under the call
for 125,000 men, and that tl.e remaining
3500 men were in V^ State camps
I ready for the visit of the mustering
officers. He said that all the States
and Territories had filled their quota,
so far as the recruiting of troops is
concerned, and that while th-ee States
were apparently beNnd, it was not
their fault, bu was due to the inability
of the mustering officers to complete
their work. The apparent shortage is
divided between the States of lowa,
Mississipi and North Carolina, The
j troops in these States are In camp,
however, awaiting the action of the
Government's officers, and will be mus
tered into the volunteer army In a day
or two.
TAMPA, Fla., May 30.— Information
has been received here of the successful
landing of a Florida expedition which
left Port Tampa for Cuba on May 16.
As a result 380 Cuban soldiers, who en
listed here, are now in Cuba, together
with several thousand stands of arms,
large supplies of ammunition and a
quantity of military supplies. The
force is commanded by General La
cret. General Julio Sanguilly and Col
onel Baldomero Acosta.
CKICKAMAUGA, May 30. — The
greatest excitement prevailed in Camp
Thomas to-day over the rumor that a
general order had been issued to all
troops in camp here to proceed at once
to Tampa, Every man seemed to be
glad, and there was a general hustling
about in the various camps, each man
i acting as though he expected to be or
i dered to pack his traps on the instant
to be ready to move to the front. The
rumor when traced to its source proved
to be only partly true, only eight regi
ments being affected by an order from
the War Department, as follows: First
Ohio, One Hundred and Fifty-Seventh
Indiana, Third Pennsylvania and First
Illinois, to be commanded by Briga
dier-General Simon Snyder; Second
New York, Sixty-ninth New York.
Fifth Maryland and First District of
Columbia, under command of Briga
dier-General Lewis H. Carpenter.
These regiments are ordered to pro
ceed at once to Tampa, and the work
of preparation began to-night. It Is
understood that four of the regiments
will leave to-morrow and the other four
Wednesday. The regiments ordered
out are regarded as the best equipped
and most thoroughly prepared in the
camp. This order is regarded by the
officers and men as an indication that
a speedy forward movement is to be
made on Cuba and Porto Rico, and as
a consequence there was as great re
joicing among the volunteer soldier
boys as there was among the regulars
when they went to Tampa under the
Impression that they were going at
once to Cuba,
With those regiments that arrived
to-day the troops at the park number
45,000. The regiments ordered away
number 6000.
ATLANTA, May 80.— Ten hundred
and thirty-three recruits left for Tam
pa to-day. The men were not uni
formed and lacked guns. One thousand
men will be started for San Francisco
and the Philippines as soon as their
equipment reaches Fort McPherson.
NEW ORLEANS, May 30.— The Sec
ond Regiment of Louisiana Volunteers,
under command of Colonel Wood,
broke camp to-day and marched to the
Louisville and Nashville depot, where
they took the train for Mobile. This is
the first Louisiana regiment to leave
the State, and the troops received a
great ovation on their march to the
train. Women threw flowers in their
path, while children sung patriotic
songs. The First Regiment will leave
the city for Mobile on Wednesday.
Torrey's rough riders are expected in
the city this afternoon on their way
to Tampa.
NORFOLK, Va,, May 30.— The Uni
ted States steamer Armenia left the
navy yard here for Key West with
2500 tons of ammunition. A large num
ber of 13-lnch shells are in the consign
ment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
16 THE BEST! s ELECTRICITY
1b int. dloi i - - - .
. ' ' ASIAPPMED BY
: : ;^^^MS^Lfe' .. DR. PIERCE ' ELECTRIC BELT
*^k^l^^Hv\sj6af^s!^^S^s«\^^' WILL, ■ CURE when everything else falls.
; >^^X^\J^^<^^3<^^^J\ \^^ Letters like the following are arriving daily:
BBW^y** | fr^>rJ^ 'fyT^^'^-^^^-^flß MOXTROSE. Colo.. May IS. 1398.
SBfK? 3P ?^' <A/^VT DX. PIERCE & SOX-
lJgjijj^,^^ \ XVtS 4f~///' 3-mBH Gentlemen: For the benefit of others I de-
V^^wM^^^^^^^^^-^^T^^SSk Eire to say that lam 62 years old; have been
\MKiW'*ilL (\r ~\~4t&k^~f~\Jr\^flTffl 5 in the mines for 25 years, where I contracted
CT*'flbpKF" ] t9>S^*Ti^ 'Jir^ ray disease. I have been doctoring for about
iS^T<i4/?\ W^Jl3i^!^ 8 years and have been to different hot springs
•\ '•'-. • ?/ri^ll^jißWtc=^^*T> t L i^ without much benefit. My disease is rheuma-
Xc? i/Svav^si at- V"— Vt\ I AV> \ tl«m and neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles
1 T>U/^i\A ~-»\/^^V—^J>\A7N. ' : ■ and spinal disease. Was almost paralyzed and
lr^rliYv^'3p*t>r2' uk X< :my blood was poisoned. I contracted these dis-
- ' f \ I' ' <^m^>-\^ > :1V *■ - eases by working in lead ores and In foul air
■'■''•••'■ ■^s/^fu^^ " : ■'■' I received your Electric Belt and Spinal Appliance about
vI-vA> five months ago and from the great • benefit I have already
. , \VI V - ■ received I think I will soon be A WELL MAN. I waa then
. ■ : Buffering with pains day and night, with swelling of the
Joints end poor circulation of the blood; but I am now ever so much benefited by using your
C If a ? had P some of your catalogues I would distribute them In the mining camps among the
boys as some of them; are in need of something that will cure them without 'akin?, so _much
medicine. *liam ■< yours i respectfully, : : , . CHRIS JOHNSON.
■■•'■ (ETBuy no Belt. till you see Dr. Pierce* by- Call at office or write for our new "Book No.
i " which gives price list and tells all about It. Address > ■-?:-■., £BSB3V&&s£s
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
NALL MAY
LAND IN JAIL
Rev. Brown's Friends Are
Out for Justice.
DENOUNCE INFAMOUS TALES
CHARLES ARMSTBONG WILL BE
SPEEDILY TBIED.
A Determination to Blot Out All Ele
ments of Scandal in the North
Oakland M. £.
Church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 30.
Now that the trial committee of the
Thirty-fourth Street Methodist Church
has decided that George C. Nail, the su
perintendent of the Sunday school, did in
vite the attractive young wife of an elder
ly member of the church to take an even-
Ing trip to the Cliff House, the condition
of affairs is reversed. The pastor will now
assume the aggressive and will demand
full satisfaction.
In the reply to the charges brought
against Nail were some very strong pas
sages. Rev. E. Francis Brown was ac-
cused of worse indiscretions than those
charged against Nail, and it was an
nounced that these were supported by
affidavits in the possession of Nail and
his co-panner In disgrace. Armstrong.
Both men signed a lengthy document In
which Rev. E. F. Brown was specifically
accused :
1. Of corrupt, negligent and partisan ad
ministration.
2. Of falsehood and immorality.
3. Of hlgti imprudence and unminlsterial
conduct.
In proof of these charges the following
statement of alleged facts was made:
That thereafter said Brown was informed
that witnesses from his own church in Win
nemucca, New, had severally stated that he
had insulted, by improper proposals, one of his
parishioners there, Mrs. Alfred Cook, and had
also In said State of Nevada been guilty of
similar improper conduct.
That raid Brown stated he wished all thli
kept quiot, and that if it was he would with
draw all charges made. That in pursuance of
this plan said Brown procured the attendance
at his house of said Nail and his wife and
said Armstrong and his wife, and in their pres
ence withdrew all charges and stated in that
connection that Mrs. Hattie F. Lone: had lied
to him, wrs a bad woman, and that he (Brown)
would not believe her In anything, and that if
Mrs. J..ong had not slpned certain papers he
would have read her out of the church.
These are the charges that the friends
of the pastor now declare they will dis
prove. One of Mr. Brown's strongest sup
porters said to-day: "These proceedings
will probably be taken to the civil and
criminal courts. An attempt has been
made to blacken the character of the pas
tor because he refused to aFlow everybody
who felt so inclined to run the church.
Mr. Nail has made a grievous mistake,
and if he is wise he will get as far away
from the church as he can. I see he is
quoted as saying that he will join another
church. That is a very tame way for a
man to act who stated he had affidavits to
support his story. I do not believe he has
any proof whatever, and I would not be
surprised if he were arrested for slander.
Charles F. Armstrong has yet to be
tried by the committee. The charges
aeainst'hlm are similar to those of which
Nail was found guilty, and the testimony
will be the same.
Eureka Red Cross Work.
EUREKA, May 30.— A branch of
the Red Cross Society has been organ
ized In this city, with the following offi
cers: President, Mrs. Josiah Bell;
vice-presidents, Mrs. George D. Mur
ray Mrs. Alex Chope, Mrs. Lieutenant
Charles V. Otto and Miss Eliza Clark;
treasurer, Mrs. W. G. Bonner; secre
tary Miss Sophie Whipple; assistant
secretary, Miss Estadella Bell; execu
tive committee— Miss M. Murray, Mrs.
L K. Grimm and Mrs. C. H. Wright.
Occident Parlor No. 28, Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, organized a
Native Daughters' aid to the Red
Cross Society.
Rumored Action of the Pope.
LONDON, May 31.— A London news
agency asserts that the Pope has for
warded peace proposals to President
McKinley.
NEW YORK. May 30.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald says:
The report from London that the Pope
has forwarded peace proposals to Presi
dent McKinley is doubted in official cir
cles here. No such proposals have been
received at the State Department nor
has any information been received in
dicating that the Pope has sent or in
tends to send such proposals.
Canadian Negotiations.
WASHINGTON, May 30.— The Canadian
negotiations which have been In prog
ress here for the past week, were con
cluded to-night, when a definite agree
ment waa reached for the creation of a
commission which shall consider all the
subjects of controversy between the
United States and Canada, and frame a
treaty between the Imperial Government
and the United States for the complete
adjustment of their controversies The
agreement is now to be submitted to the
British Government for its approval.
Sonoma Red Cross Society.
SONOMA, May 30.— A Red Cross Society
has been formed here, with an enrollment
of eighty members. The officers are:
Mrs J. P. Weoms, president; Dr. H. H.
Davis, vice president: Major F. T. Duhr
ing, treasurer, and Miss M. F. Cooke, sec
retary.
Bun Down by a Train.
BUTTE, Mont., May 30.— Captain Ellas
Lytle, aged 75 years, a Confederate vet
eran, living near town, started for the
city this morning to take part in the Me
morial Day services. On a '..estle on the
outskirts he was rcn down by a Northern
Pacific train and killed.
Killed by a Train.
BAN BERNARDINO, May 30.— A tramp
named James Duncan was killed by a
freight train twelve miles this Bide of
Barstow this morning.
: OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
U. .. Steamers leave Broadway
ygWi, wharf, San Francisco. ,
HhH9iW For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
■Pt*J«fcfc May 1. 6, 11, 16, 21. 26, 31, Jane
_X ___&V_r^ 6, ■ transfer at Seattle. ...
I _ls-_-5-H ill For Alaskan ports (frota
I _s_s________B_ll Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m...
1 Ma 18 Jun « 6'6 ' ' M ' July 17>
4, 25. transfer at Port-
' " .' : •■• '■. : .i ™ land, ; Or. ~r ' -.. "•"■■' --''■' '■'■■■■
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towna-
end. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes ana
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1. «.
II 18. 21. 26 SI. June 5. -and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
d %r th tonU W Cm_. Monterey. San Slrn^n.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis ObUpo).
OavTouf Santa Barbara vv f T ntur * .S^T-d
Ban Pedro, East San Pedro (Los A T n «fi <Ml i a » d
Newport. a. m., »£ |. •9. W._«. f ■ »» "•
June 3, and every fourth day «i«feafter.
For Ban Diego, stopping only aj Port Har^
ford (San Luis :Oblspo).-. Santa^. Barbara. -^ Port
i oa m An &?ct t&s. ssr«. A sr™ "
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La • Pas. Santa Rona-
June 10. and of each month thereafter. »
Juno 10, and 2d of each month ■ thereafter.
For further information obtain > -fo der. n ■-
Th« ' company reserves the right to chanfe
without previous notice steame:«, sail dates
New Mont^omer,
street (Palace Hotel). - "■■'.'
QOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Asta^.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE « ! 2 First Class Including Berth
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: •*
Oreeron '■•"• May 8, 15. 24
CoTumbia::;...;.... ....May 9 is. 27
State of California ........May 12. 21. 30
St. Paul ...... ....116 00 St. Louis... $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 1 Chicago 27 50
Omaha ....26 001 New York 3100
B. C WARD, General Agent. .
£39 Market st.
GOODALU PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents. .
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QtTEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.
Kensington ....June 8: Noordland June 15
Berlin June 11 Friesland June ZZ
PHILADELPHIA. QUKENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian flag.
Waesland June 4: Rhynland June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S S Ohio 3500 tons, from Seattle. June Id.
g' s' Indiana. 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
s'. S~. Pennsylvania, S5OO tons, from Seattle.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
19 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North rjTHL
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers &Cf
by this line avoid both transit by — *■■'■»■»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, flr-st-class. +180;
second-class, $116. •
LA BOt'RHOGNE June 4, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE June 11, 10 a. m.
I 4. G^PCOGNE June 18, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE June 25. 10 a. m.
LA BOI'ROOGXE July 2, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE OENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. a Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZ! & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francis 'o^
BLUE STAR LINE
To St. Michael. Dnwsnn City and Inter-
mediate River Points,
New steamship "Charles Nelson" will be dis-
patched June 2, connecting with company's
own Yukon River fleet, consisting of four large
modern equipped steamers, built by Moran
Bros, of Seattle, and now en route for St.
Michael.
SPECIAL ATTENTION called to the fact
that coal will be used exclusively on river
boats, insuring most rapid passage possible,
Company's responsibility guarantees con-
tracts. For passage and freight apply to BLUE
BTAR LINE, 18 California St., or its agencies.
References. CAPTAIN CHARLES NELSON,
6 California st. Telephone Drum 22.
PHBISBBIJIfI Sailing of June Ist
l3»'*ili»l» for Honolulll canceled.
ly"^-^- The S. S. MO ANA
Tk'.'jSr \'^\ sails" via Honolulu and
islHlliNllD<J Auckland for Sydney
QAUllllJillr' Wednesday. June 15,
:@nP3Wh at2pm - > ' .•.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE-
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*. ,„
--:■-.-': ■-.-' :■; ■ 114 Montgomery street. ! ,
Freight office — 327 Market St., San Francisco..
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
A. Victoria June 16F. Bismarck July 28
F Bismarck.... June 30 A. Victoria.. August 11
twin-screw passenger service,
new york-hamburg direct.
Patria June 4! Pennsylvania.. June 26
Phoenicia June SPalatla July 2
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. I.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticelio."
Mon, Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a- m., 8:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 P- m - and 8:30 P- m -
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier S.
Telephone Tied 2241.
SAILBOAD TBAVEXi.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597, trains will run as
follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sxinday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Exc'pfd tions. Exc'pfd Daily.
7-20 aml 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 pm| 5:40 pm
9-10 a m! 12:Mpm Merced 12:50 pml 3:53 p m
10-40 a m 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11-40 am 5:20 prn Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pra
12:15 p m .6:45 pml Vlsaltii 6:40 a m 12:40 p m
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
Ql Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C N & I Co.. leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngn. Coultervllle, Yo-
semife, etc.; also with stage for Hornitos.
Mariposa. etc.: at Lankershim with stage to
and from Mad era.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaiito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, IS9S.
WEEK DAYS.
■ For Mill Valley and • San < Rafael— 7:oo. »8:00,
•9:30. ' 11:00 •a. m. ; ; *1:45. - 3:20, 4:00, 5:15. ' »6:00,
6:30 p. m. 1 ' • .- • ;•. ■ <-• ,
Extra trips for San' Rafael ;on Mondays.
Wednesdays, * Saturdays * and . Sundays : at .. 11:30
P. m. . su::dats.
SU~**D\TTS
For Mill Valley ; and ■ San Rafael— »B:oo, *9:00,
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. # 1:45. *2:30, *4:00,
5:30. : 6-45 p. m. ■-■■-- . ■ .
.'11:00 a. m." does not run to San Rafael.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mil! Valley. •■
■ Trains marked • run-to San Quentln.
.-.« THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days-^Cazadero and way sta'ns."
8:20 p. (m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
5:16 p. ' m. week ; days • (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.*.--. -
8:J0 a. • m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. .m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausaiito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing May t,
IS9S:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:46 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B .oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, U.
•i'HOa. COOK A SON, Agents, 831 Marxet
street. Ban Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
General Auctioneer, office 2d floor Crocker bldg.
THIS DAY .Tuesday), May 31, 18&8, at 11
o'clock a. m.. on the premises. 879 CALIFOR-
NIA AYE , NEAR CORTLAND AYE. ; taka
aiission-st. cars to Cortland r>.ve. ; short block
The entire nearly new furnishings and car-
pets of 6-room cottage; Parlor Furniture;
Mantel Clock; Oil Paintings; Lace Curtains,
<»n- ■ Oak and Maple Chamber Suits: Hair
Top Mattresses and Bedding; Carved Oak Din-
ing-room Furniture; Crockery, Cutlery, etc.;
Fin-- Range and Kitchen complete.
/ <^%, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iLsxnJ^ 625 KKAK.VY NT. Kstablished
M^lf 3^* In 1554 for the treatment of Private
• a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<> — ;"> KEAR.VT NT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
IMBiImSiSSSm disease wearing on body and mind and
• toMSmGMSxm Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(iire»icnarnntr<-d. Callorwrit*.
Dr. 4. *'. wIBBON, Box 1957, Sau Francisco.
BAILROAD TBAVEI*.
IOIITUKRN rAOUTM) COMrAMt.
(PACIFIC) SVMTKM.)
rrnln* lenve noil j«i ■«• «Ih« to nrrl»e «•
NAN t'KAN4!IN< ■«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
f.gATB — From Aprll 38. IS9B. — ARitnm
•O-OOa. Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •ÜBS
7:«Oa Beiiicis, Buigun »nd Sacramento.... \o:43a
7:O Va Marjaville, Urovilleaud Bedding via
Woodland "... 5:45p
7:00 a Vacavilie and 1tam5ey. ............. tti43r
7 :3<i a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Naps*
. Calistosa and Santa Rosa... 6tlBp .
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpresa, Og.li-n and Kast.. 8:43*
l»i!l»* Nilcs, Han Jose. - H took toil, lone,-
i Sacramento, MarysvUle, Chico,'
Tehama and Ile«l Illiiff «»iap
*SiBoa Peters, Milton, O.tkdalc (Jamestown
for Yoseraite)....... ; •7«10r
9:O0A Now Orleans Kxprena, Merced. Kres-
no, Bakenilcld, .SauU lU:liara,
i iMS Augfics, D.iiiiiK. El l'aso. ■
New Orleans and Ka5t......' ot43r
IO:OOa VsJi.-Jo, Martinez and Way Stations ?:43r
; •ItOOi" Sacramento itivorKtOHtiieiß.. "9iOOp
l:OOp Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations.. # I>:4sa
.......Ban Jose, Niles and Way Stations... Jtt:l»A
StOOr Livt-rmore, Meudota, Uanford and
Visalia... 4il3*
....... UTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way ■ — >"■
Stations JIOiISa
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallejo.. 12:13r
! ■ 4iVOp Martinez, Hail Uamoti, V»ilejo. •
Nap.i, <;»!lit«ga, Xi Verano and
bitiita l(os!i. »l I A
4i«Op Benicia, Vaeavilla. Woodland,
Knights landing. MarysTille, Oro- ■ -^<
- : Tille and Haorniiiento... 10:43 a
4:3<ip Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7illr
4i3op Stockton, Oakdale, Merced IStlSp
4:U»p Castle and LcmU ■ ISilSr
4tUOp Lathrop, Modesto, Merced. Bcrenda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno,
MnJAVo, Santa Barbara and l.us
AiiKelo" 7«4»
4ittOp Hanta Vc I(oiite. Atlantic 1. Ipros*1 pros*
for Moj»»e and l'.ast 6:48r
O.OOi- tturoiieau Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 0:4.1 a
••:O«i- Va11ej0...... 12:l»p
6i»»i> IlnynnrilH, NII-SRiid San .lose 7i43a
17tOOp Vallejo, Port Ootta and Way 5ta-
ti0n5............. '. J«»43»
8:00 p Oregon ICxprwm, Sacramento. Marys.
villa, lteilding, Portland, I'llgel
I Sound and (Cast ftIMA
' KAN IiKAMHtO AM* liAl'WAltllS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
I *5 ' ~~~' ~~~f 7:11
8:00 a Jlelro^e, Seminary Park, I*9:4»a
lO.ooa r ! r,El«har.t, iim.la
| {11-ooa San I.o«n<lro, South S«n iai4sp
! U2:oOM Lw.dre, bUdlllo, Ulisp
{iiVdop • Lorenzo, Cherry < ******
4:00p ' 15:45p
5:00p »■■ 6ilßr
B:3Op Hajwaris.
7i««p ~ Bi4Jlp
»:OOp I Rune through to Nilw. »S!J{2!
tti 9.ooP^ From Ni.es. \igSs&
I COAST DIVISION (Narrow (inline).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crui
%nd Principal Way Stations ....... J8i«8»
8:13 a Newark. San Jose, Fslton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Orus and War
Stations OISW
•2: 1 3p Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
•'.-■ Stations. •l#«Bw*
4ilSp San Jose. Glen wood & Way Stations 8i»0a
04:13p Boulder Creek and Santa Crm...... J1»:««A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FR4NGISC0 — Foot of Narkll Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 :. 9:00 -11:00 a.m. tl:00 •2:00 t3:00
•4:00 " tB:OO •6:00 p.«. . ..-. . .
rrcaiOlKUlO— F«»t or Broadway.— 8:00 10:00 a.m.
1 12:00 • »l:00 12:00 '3:00 ti:00 •8:O0p.M.
' COAST DIVISION (Broad Usage). " '
_-•■'. .v.% (Third and Townaeiid Sta.)
•7iOOa San .)o«» ami Way Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) l:80»
]7:!IOa Sunday Excursion for San Jose, .
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grots and
Principal Way Stations {8i83»
9:00 a Nan ,los«, Vim Pinos, Santa Cms,
Paciiic Grove, I'iuio Uobles, Hun
Luis Olilspo, Guadalupe, Surf and .
Vrinciiial Way .Stations :......... ««1«P
IO:4Oa .Sau .lose and Way .Stations *8iO»a
11:»Oa San J..ae and Way Stations ....... *BiBSa
•a:43i- San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara. San Jose, Gllroy.
- ■ Hollistor. Santa Cruz, . Salinas,
. Monterey and Pad lie 0r0re...... *IoiS3i
•»: !»Op Bail Jose and Way 5tati0n5.......... •©:<>©*
*4:l3i> Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•s:OUpSanJose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
5:301- San .lose and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
«::!«!• Han Jose and Way Stations 7:30*
til: 15 1- Ban Joea and Way Statious ....... 7ta»p
A for Morning. ■ . P for Afternoon.
* Bundays exceptM. \ Sundays only: * t Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
:.. BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK PAYS— 7:3O, ' 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:85.
.3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m.' Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. : Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
: and 11:30 p. 'm. ' - ■ ■ -
SUN DAYS— B :OO, ' 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; . 1:30. S:80,
■ 5:00, 6:20 p. m. v- • • •"-
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:46,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. ■ Saturdays— Extra" trips at
1:55 p. m.and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10, a.m.; 1:40, S:10,
. 6:00, 6:25 p. m. - .
■ Between San Francisco and . Schuetien Park
same schedule as above. - .
Leave ■ ' ■ - ■ Arrive :
San Francisco. 1 In Effect San Francisco.
April 23, — -■■■ ■
Week I Sun- 1898. . -Sun- Week
Days^ _day». Destination^ days. J
7:30 am~8:00 ami" " Novato. 10:*0 anil B:4o am
3:30 pm 9:30 am -Petaluma, 6:10 pm>lo:23arn
6:lopm s:oopm , Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6. :22pm
~~ Fulton, _ ;
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton, \
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
"7:3o am| " Ilopland and j 110:25 am
8:30 pmi 8:00 ami Ukiah. | 7:Sspm! 6:22 pm
7-30 ami ~ " 10:25 am
! 8:00 am GuemevlUe. 7:85 pm -
8:30 pmj | I •'■** P™
7:30 amT 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
6 :10 pm| 5 :00 pm_ Glen Ellen. ( 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
'7:3oami "8:00 ami SebastopoL jl"o:4oamjio:2sam
B:3o pm| s:oo pm| | 7:3s pm| *»
i- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
.ervllle for Skasss Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Barttett
Springs; at I'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's- River-
side Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Huliville liooneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg. West port, U;al.
Saturday •to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays" round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
ff^^^^=T CALIFORNIA
|^^^^! LIMITED.
IPllSfsi SAN FRANCISCO
i i|Hffß B^iiiflif)tfi«Mi | l i^l ' rmrAßfi
the onTyllited TRAIN
from california by
ANY LINE,
Leave San' Francisco at 4:80 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries firt^-class passengers only, but wits*
out extra charge. -
DINING CAR, . " . .- , '
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
1 ; ■-■ Pullman ■ i'alao ' Drawing » Room ; Sleepers. ••;;;."
<3tyr. 10 Chicago, - 4% days to ■ New York.
Trains arrive I and i depart | from | Market-atreet B&
Ferry. ' San ' Francisco ticket office, s 644 ' Market '*■>
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala 15W.
' Oakland - office,* 1118 >• Broadway. Sacramento 'h
office, 201 J . street. : Baa Jose. I West ■ BuU >
t Clara street- *'* ■" " ■-:"-■' ■.'' ■ ■.■;■■
■ i
910
NO WAY TO
PLAY BALL
San Franci3co Put Up a
Terrible Game.
SCORE, THIRTEEN TO THREE
JUST A LITTLE WALKOVER FOB
THE ATHLETICS.
A Prediction That if the Teams Do
Not Give Better Returns the
Public Will Ignore
Them.
BY JOE CORBETT.
In the vernacular of the diamond, the
game yesterday was simply "rotten," and
SO was trie playing of the San Franciscos.
"Whoever told them they could play our ;
national game must have been tsmoblnff,
and how some of them ever worked up i
courage enough to don a uniform .
i? a mystery. Holy, jumping Moses: the
tame that these "question marks" put j
up yesterday was terrible. Whatever kept j
the large crowd present from chasing
them off the field will never be known,
and if our national game ever recovers
from the insult cast upon it yesterday by
these hanci-me-downs I shall surely con
sider life but a dream.
If they had only played a poor game, j
and let it go at that, things would have j
been different, but to stand erect, with !
chest expanded, and move about as if I
they were the "greatest that ever hap- ,
pened," certainly is too much, and it Is j
about time a few of them were compelled I
to realize that while there might be a. few
people in this world who do not quite ;
understand this game of baseball, still j
there are some who go to Recreation
Park ana pay their money to see the i
game piayed as it should ba, and not to i
see a team walk around as if they owned
"Bunker's sausage factory." If a
team cannot play oail, it should at least j
make an attempt, as people, especially !
those who patronize the game, expect to j
receive something In return for the \
money expended.
The cause for this apparent change of
form is very evident. There are a few
players in the team who imagine that
they are too good for such a- league, and
these few are to be pitied. They undoubt
edly have awakened to the cruel reality,
after yesterday's and Sunday's games, ;
that there are other players in the league,
and that if they do not cut out this "can't
touch me" style of play, the bottom of
the list will be their inevitable finish.
The game, if it may be called one, whs
a walkover for the Athletics. Never for
a second was the result in doubt. They
started off as if they meant business and
simply toyed with their opponents, mak
ing runs when they felt like it and putting
up as fine a game as or.c would care to
see They were outbatted. but what is
the use of trying for basebits when bet- i
ter results could be obtained by giving
opponents a chance to throw the ball
nd the lot and make a few of their
usual rank errors.
Fitzpatrick could have won the game
himself. If ever a pitcher had a club !
beat before the game started he did yes
terday It was really aggravating to see
the feeble way some of them attempted
to connect with his shoots. True, ten
hits were made, but they always hap
pened along when two men were out and
could do no good.
Krug. who has been playing such good
ball of late, pitched a very poor and in
different game. His support , of course,
was vile, yet he was as bad as the rest,
giving r'ne bases on balls and working
as though ho cared little whether school |
kept or not. He was succeeded by Eagan
In the eighth inning, but the Tame was
then out of reach, and the change
brought no good, xi ' - teams do not put
up better ball they will surely kill the
sport Already people are complaining of
the indifferent playing of some of the
boys and the time has arrived to wake
them up. Following is the score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
H. Krug. p. & 2 b.. 5 0 2 0 1 2 1
Monahan. 3 b 4 110 2 10
Murphy. 1 b 4 0 10 9 0 2
X Krug. s. s 5 0 2 0 3 6 1
Kacan. 2 b. & p.. 4 0 1 0 4 5 0
Hearty. 1. f * 0 1 1 o 2 1 i
Hammond, c 3 0 1 0 6 2 2 ,
Dunleavy. c. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Stroecker, r. f 3 2 _3. _0 _1 _0 _0 |
Total 335 3 10 1 27 18 8 |
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Smith, c. f 4 110 2 0 0
Reilly. 2 b 4 1 0 1 o 2 0
McLaughlin, s. 5.... 5 3 2 1 2 3 3
Stultz, lb 2 3 0 0 3 1 0
Scott c 4 2 0 0 14 0
Ford 'if * - 1 ° 3 2 °
Hild»hrand. r. f 4 1 2 n 1 J 0
Johnston. 3 b 3 0 2 0 3 10
Fitzpatrick. p 4 0 0 0 2 J^ _}_
Totals 34 13 8 2 27 16 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Athletics 2 1 3 0 3 0 0 0 4-13
Base hits 1 22030000— S
San Francisco 0 0 10 110 0 o—3
Base hits 1 1 1 1 3 1 1 1 o—lo
SIMMARY.
Huns responsible for— Fitzpatrick 1. H.
Xrug 3. Three-base hit— H. Krug. Two-ba»e
hits— Smith. Johnston. Ba»e on errors— San
Francisco 4, Athleti. s C. B.ises on balls— San
Francisco 5, Athletic* i. IWt on bases— San
11, Athletes S. Struck out— By Fitz
ratrick 1. by H. Krug. ■", Double plays— H.
Krosr to Eajtan to Murphy, IfcLaushltn to
Reilly to Stultz. Monahan to Murphy, Ford to
Reilly. Pntfldi balls— Hammond 1, Scott 1.
Wild ntteh— Eagan. Time of game— l:4o. Um
pire — O'Connell.
Fresno Was Defeated.
SAN JOSE, May 30.— Fresno met de
feat to-day in the most exciting' contest
of the season. Many of the plays were of
a sensational order, "Weed and Foley
making star catches. Arrick pitched a !
superb game, and scored the only runs
placed to the credit of San Jose. The
score was as follows:
pan JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. !
Hanley, 1. f 5 0 2 0 2 0 01
Hanlon. 1 b... 5 0 0 0 12 0 1
McGucken. c. t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Foley, r. f 4 0 0 110 0;
Weed, 3 b 4 0 12 6 0]
Kent, c 4 0 0 15 0 0
Greeninger, 2 b 4 0 0 14 3 0|
BrockhofT, s. a 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Arrick, p....... 4 2 2 0 0 2 0
Totals ............37 2 5 4 27 13 l]
FRKSNO.
AD. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Early. 2 b 3 0 10 13 1
Held. Ir> 4 0 0 0 14 0 2
Courtena», s. s 4 0 2 0 3 2 0!
Moore. 3 b. 4 0 0 0 0 4 2 I
McCue. c 4 0 10 6 2 1
Ferguson, 1. f.. ...... 4 0 10 10 1,
Kelly C. t.... 4 12 0 111 j
Brlttain, r. f 3 0 0 0 l 0.0.
Thomas, p.. •• 3 1111 5 Oj
Totals 33 1 7 0 27 17 S\
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose '...... 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 I—2
Fresno .......0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—l
SUMMARY.
Earned run— San Jose 1. Three-base hit—
McCue. Two /base hits— Kelly and Hanley.
Double plays— Weed to Greenlnger to Hanlon
(2) Left on bases— Jose S, Fresno 7.
First base on errors— San Jose 5, Fresno 1.
Bases on balls^-Arrick 1. Thomas 2. Struck out
—By Arrick 5, Thomas 4. Sacrifice hits—Ar
rick. Hanley. Time of, game— 2:lo. Umpire—
C. Sweeney. Scorers— Doyle and Weber.
Beachcombers Hard Hitters.
SANTA CRTTZ. May SO.— Santa Cruz
won to-day's game by their terrific hit- j
ting. Russeil started in to do the twirl
ing for Oakland, but fared so badly that !
he was relieved at the end of the second j
inning in favor of Moskiman, v.-ho failed
to fare much better. Daubenbis pitched j
for the Beachcombers, and had he re- j
reived proper support in the eighth Oak
land would have been goose-egged. As I
It was he was only found for four hits.
The score follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. K. BH. 88. PO. A. E. !
Williams, w 5 S 8 0 1 8 1
Mclntyra. ef 6 0 10 0 0 0
]i»vreaux, 8b 5 1 t 0 9 8 1 ,
Btrteb*. \f 8 0 10 0 0 0:
MnGrath, ft B 1 8 • t • 0 1
OFFICERS TREED BY A BEAR.
How the Vacation of Three Peace Guardians Was
Rudelu Interrupted,
Police Officers C. Blackman, C. Brown and Tim CalMnan were given
their annual vacation during the present month, and the overtaxed guard
ians of the peace decided to spend the leisure which had been accorded them
together. After equipping themselves with a sufficient supply of eatables,
drinkables and necessary cooking utensils, they hied themselves to a quiet
nook near Half Moon Bay. "It's a quoiet playce wc-'re after," says Calli
nan, and after finding an ideal spot, where they were free from the espion
age of Chief I,ees. tho trio pitched their tent. After unpacking their be
longings they proceeded to punish some of the good things they had
brought with them.
The conversation finally drifted to deeds of valor in which each had
been the central figure. Officer Biackman told of subduing two bold burg
lacs at dead of night. Brown went him one better and told of threes of the
same ilk who had succumbed to his prowess. Call i nan said that he had
never run from an enemy, no, not even from a lion, and he recounted how
he had subdued a vicious lion by merely looking it square in the eye. By
this 'ime the courage of the three star boarders had been fortified, and it
was the consensus of opinion, vigorously expressed, that the only meth
od of conquering a wild animal was "to look him in the ny-."
At last tired nature asserted herself, and the brave officers had hard
ly commenced their peaceful plumbers when they were awakened by the
grunt of a huge California bear who was Just then poking his Inquisitive
nose in the opening of their tent. "Lioly smoke, it's a bear," ejaculated
Blackman. "A man-eating grizzly," added Brown, who is acquainted with
the species.
"T>ook him In the eye," cried Callinan, and Immediately ducked under
the bed covers.
"Run away, little bear," continued Blackman, and Callinan, now de
termined to do something desperate, and prove his vaunted courage to his
terrified companions, Jumped out of his bunk, but in doing so he upset the
cooking utensils and all his calculations. The noise scared the bear away
and gave the now thoroughly frighteened officers a chance to get out of
their tent. Clad only In their undergarments they ran to a massive oak
tree near by and climbed up into Its uppermost branches, where they re
mained for the balance of the night In fear and trembling 1 .
In the meantime the bear had returned to resume its investigations,
and from the noise made In the tent the officers concluded that Bruin wasn't
doing a thing to their provisions. When daylight appeared the. three men
"up a tree" saw the bear and two cubs playing on overloaded stomachs a
short distance away.
Blackman, who had heard that only hungry bears attacked a man, took
advantage of this knowledge to make a bid for glory, and crawling down
from his perch he secured his rifle and with one well directed shot her bear
ship was sent into another land. Another shot sent one of the cubs to
Join Its unfortunate mother, and the second cub discreetly ran away. The
officers, now feeling safe, went to their tent and after attiring themselves
in euch clothing as had not been torn into fragments, started In pursuit
of the second cub, which they secured, and have since presented to Officer
Georee Farrell as a tronhv of their valiant behavior in tim* nt flanmr
Fitzgerald, lb 6 2 8 0 9 0 0 !
C. Dubenbis. c 5 1 ' 1 0 5 1 0
Arellanes, 2b 4 3 3 1 3 4 0
E. Daubenble. p 6 0 4 1 0 1 2
Total 44 11 21 2 27 12 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E. '
Dean. If 4 1 0 0 3 0 1 (
O'Neill, 2b 4 1 1 0 4 1 0 1
Lange, 3b 4 1 1 0 0 2 1 ;
Hardie, c. f 3 1 1 0 2 0 0
Bykea. 1 b 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 0 14 4 0'
Schmeer, ss 4 1 2 0 2 3 3 ;
Mosktman, p.. r. f.. 3 0 0 0 2 2 CM
Rosaell, p. if 4 0 0 0 10 0;
Total 32 6 X- 1 27 12 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cniz 1 3 0 0 2 2 3 0 o—ll
Base hits 0 5 2 15 4 3 1 o—2ll
Oakland 0 00000050— 5|
Base hits 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 3 0— Gj
ST'MMARY.
Earnr-d runs-Santa Cmz 4. Two-base hits— !
Williams. M.cGrath 2, E. Daubenbls, C Dau- j
benbis. Arellanos, Harrlie. Three-base hit—
Schmeer. Double play — Williams to Arellanee
to Fitzgerald. Devereaux to Arellanes to Fitz-
Rerald. BHses on railed balls — Off Daubenbls
7. off MoHklman 1, off Russell 1. Struck out
lay Mosklman 1, by Daubenbts 4. . Passed bails
— C. Daubenbis 1. Sullivan 1. Sacrifice hit— j
PtrieK Tirr.p of game— l:46. Umpire— Creamer.
Scorer— H. Fleisig.
CLEVER CAPTURE
OF AN EX-CONVICT.
J. W. GEOEGHAN, WITH MaNY
ALIASES, ARBESTED.
He Broke Into a House in the West
ern Addition While the Family
Wys Viewing the Parade.
A clever capture of an ex-convict was
made yesterday afternoon by Policeman
P. A. McNamara, and as a result a bur
g-lar who has been probably operating in
tho Western Addition for some time is
now safely locked up in the city prison.
McNamara lives at 2122 Broderick
street and yesterday, after taking part in
the parade, he went home. As he left the
house to report at the City Hall Man
Hing, the Chinese servant employed by
Julian Smith, who lives next door, told
him there was a thief in the house. Mc-
Namara ran to the rear and saw a man
rushing out of Smith's house. He give
chase and captured the man at Devisa
dero and Clay streets. He took him back
to Smith's house, where Policeman J.
Curry was waiting, and together they
searched the burglar. They found an
open-faced silver watch and chain on
him which the Chinese identified as his
property.
The burglar was sent to the City Prison,
where a charge of burglary was booked
against him. He gave the name of Wil
liam Woods, but the lynx-eyed Detective
Bainbridge recognized him as an old
timer with numerous aliases. Bainbridge
had not seen him for ten years, but it
took him less than a minute to "spot"
him Hia real name is supposed to be J.
W Geoeghan, but he has been known aa
J C Palmer. John Haggin, John Wilson
and other names. On February 11, 1876,
he was sentenced to one year ih the
Btate's prison for housebreaking in Sac
ramento County. On June 1. 1880, he was
acquitted in the Superior Court on a
charge of burglary in this city. On July
30, 1851, he was given three years for bur
glary; and on December 21. 1888. he got
three and one-half years for attempted
burglary. That was the last heard of him
THE SA^ FJtAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
till his present arrest. He was at on«
time employed as a hostler at the race
track.
« ♦ .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived May 30-Stmr City at
Puebla. hence May 26.
Sailed May 30— Stmrs Dorothy and Minneapo
lis, for St Michael; Br bark Comliebank. for
Queenstown.
; _ sb
SAN FRANCISCO call.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San ; FrancUwo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
i corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
i 621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'olock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock. .
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock. '
UO5 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
I streets: open until 9 o'clock. - . . •■
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 6. R. A •
M., will meet THIS (TUESDAY) Ja
EVENING, May 31, at 7:30 o'clock, ifjf
M. M. Degree. By order of the H. P. /y>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
1 ORIENTAL I^odge No. 144, F. and A. ■ :
M.— First degree THIS ' (TUESDAY) _Jk
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. "IT jF
A. 8. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., . •'..
121 Eddy st., meets THIS EVENING, _*V_
7:30 o'clock. Second degree. • TS3f
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. V^T>
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and ~m,
. A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _J*
DAY) EVENING, May 31, at 7:3oTrsf
o'clock. D. 3. /V>
GEORGE J.HOBE, Secretary.
i A. O. ■ H.. Division No. 2— The reg- *_<{**>
! ular monthly meeting of this division 'M ■
will be held at Hibernta • Hall, 120 %A»
Ninth st., on WEDNESDAY, June »«»
1, 1898, at 7:30 p. m. Every mem- w i^BT j
ber is expected to attend. ... .
BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Rec. Sec.
I QUARTERLY meeting Austrian Be- I
nevolent " Society 1 • will be held tom**y
WEDNESDAY, June 1, 8 p. in. tjfiMJjr
sharp. Fines ■ for non-attendance S**Slf
will be strictly enforced.'- By "order *'tf& s>
M. SCANATICH, President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE!?. . ~-
DIVIDEND ; Notice— Dividend No. 81 . (flfty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company. wi.. be payable at the office of the
company, 3?" Market st., on and : after
: Wednesday. .. June L "1898. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, ■ May. 26, IS9S. at 3
o'clock p. m. . ■ '. y
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; " collections made ;
city or country. ■ v PACIFIC ■ COLLECTION
C 0. ,. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; ■; tel. 5680. ,-.
| ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 16Va Turk anO Ills Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market; parlors 11 and 12.
.-■ Turkish . baths and massage; treatment. ; :;,-;■■
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
. massage ; assistants.' ; . 29 % Grant , aye.,- room 5.
MISS WILLIAMS, 101%" Grant aye.. cor. Geary,
room : 16; i vapor and cabinet baths. , V i .
i MME. HANSEN. ? latest galvanic battery and
': cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. „ : 'j .._■■: ■
MRS. STEWART, ' genuine mourn and cabinet
. baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11. • : ;r. ; . .
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
MISS MAY'S genuine electric treatment for
rheumatism. 109 Grant aye., room 4.
i MISS VIOLA BUHWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market st., nn. »■
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $L Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 3808 24th.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Bub-
scriptlong and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-KBMALK.
1 FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and laundress de-
sires situation: best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter_st.
i SWEDISH girl as cook or housework: « y»ar«
last place: understands her work in an
branches; city or country. MRS. NORTON,
I 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Bwedlsh girl to assist in housework;
strong and willing; $ie. MRS. NORTON, 323
I Sutter st.
SWEDISH «ocond girl wishes situation; $15 to
$20; best references. Apply MRS. NORTON.
Swedish and German Employment Bureau,
313 Sutter Bt. ; tel. Green 721.
ELDERLY American woman wants a situa-
tion; is a good cook; any distance in the
country. Ca.ll or address IStt Seventh st.
WOMAN wishes work houseclenning; good
laundress, $1 per day and car fare. 963 Mission
■t., near Sixth, room 13. .
i GERMAN girl, competent cook, wants place
in first-class American family; best refer-
ences; city or country. Box 4456, Call office.
GOOD strong experienced girl wishes position
to do general house-work and cooking. Pleaae
call at 1613 Van Xpxs aye., from 10 to 4.
LADY of education and thoroughly experienced
In hotel business, desires position as house-
keeper; city or summer resort; could manage.
Address box 4459, Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman desires a
place to do light housework or working
housekeeper; city or country; references.
Call for two days, 747 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, understands
American cooking, wants situation In private
family; city or country. 1142 Howard st.
GERMAN girl 16 wishes place; help for her
board and go to school. Address box 4405.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable Swedish
girl to do general housework in a small fam-
ily or take care of grown children; city refer-
ences; wages $20. Address 457Vb Jessie st.
WILLING woman wishes situation doing gen-
eral housework; is good plain cook and laun-
dress; city or country- 230 Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to care
for sick lady or do light housework and
sleep at home. MRS. KELLY. 745 Howard.
NEAT middle-aged woman will assist in nice
family; good plain cook; references furnish-
ed. Address box 4453. Call office.
OMPBTENT woman desires a place to take
care of a baby; assist with light work; Is a
good mender; wages $10; good references.
Call at 911 Howard st.
GERMAN widow with a child would like a
place to do cooking or general housework or
housekeeper; city or country. Call at 856 3d.
RESPECTABLE American woman greatly in
need of work; In a small family: Is a good
plain cook; clean and tidy; obliging; good
references. Call 246 Natoina st.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation as a house-
keeper. Inquire nil this week. 2916 Ixu-kin st.
SITUATION wanted to do upstair* work and
sewing. Please call bet. 9 and 12, 330 Turk St.
AX experienced girl in tha care of children
wants place or will do housework. 411
Fourth Bt.
YOUNQ gi-1 with good references, wishes a sit-
uation to assist in houpework. Inquire two
afternoons 179 Hickory aye., near Gough st.
WOMAN wishes a position to do general house-
work or cooking; city or country; will come
at low wages. 20fi Fifth St.. near Howard.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation; is a
i>;a:n cook; distance in city or coun-
try. 110 Sixth st.
GIRL wants situation to do general house-
work or upstairs work; wapes $15. Call or
address 11 Jansen st., between Taylor and
M - n, Greenwich and Lombard sts.
WOMAN wishes to do wc.rk in tha city or
country- Call 737 Howard st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do up-
stairs work. Box 4435. Call.
AMERICAN woman wants work by 'th« day
washing. Ironing or housekeeping; $1 a day
and carfare. Address 731 Folsom st.
W"< i.MAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleanlng. Plea.se call 614 Birch aye.
RELIABLE yoimg woman wants a situation to
assist with light housework with '1 In fam-
ily; wares $» to $12; references; no postals.
Address IS3O Eddy et.
WANTED— A situation as chambermaid, wait-
ress ..r housekeeper. Call or address 930 Vi
Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work; plain
cooking or care of children; will go across
the bay. 1104 Mission st., room 33-
GERMAN woman wants few more places to
wash or any kind of work by the day. Please
call or address MRS. DEHNE, 512 Sixth St.
WOMAN wants work by day. washing, iron-
ing or housecleanlng. 879 Hayes »t.. near
Fillmore.
WOMAN, good German cook, wishes position
in lunch house or as housekeeper; city ref-
erences. Address A. L., box 4441. Call office.
SITUATION by a German girl for upstairs
work or nurseglrl. Address 210 Eddy at.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, will
work by the day; 760 and car fara. 522
Stevenson st.
SITIATION wanted for general housework In
muntry; good cook. 1 Essex plac«.
LADY piano player wishes position or to aasist
In hotel, rooming house or any place of
trust. Address K. D., box 2. Call. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; tailor suits a specialty; $l 50
per day; city or oountry. Address box 4560,
Call Offlc".
DRESSMAKER, good fitter and cutter, would
like engagement* by the day; tailor suits a
specialty. 1»6» Sacramento St., between Hyde
and Leavenworth.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as
housekeeper In private family or hotel; best
of reference?. Address 361 Hayes st.
LAUNDRESS wishes situation In hotel or
boaniiriK house; reference*: first-class cook.
Call or address 927% Washington St., M. S.
RUTLEDGE.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements
by the day; terms $150 .ay; ref. 500 Jones.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON. 1907 Harri-
son et.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALK.
EMPLOYERS OF COOKS, waiters, bakers,
etc.. will find It to their advantage to secure
such through J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento 3t.
FIRST-CLASS help with the best of references.
Call at LEON ANDRE'S, 31fi Stockton St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414^ O' Farrell st. ; tel. East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997 BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay Bt.
SOBER, industrious young man, who thor-
oughly understands the care of horses, desires
situation as hostler in city or country; can
furnish the best of references. Address 4438,
Call office.
MAN. young, wants work; driving, milking
or any kind work; indoors or outside; in
city; wages moderate; best of references.
ALLEN. 1359 Stevenson, bet. 12th & Mission.
YOUNG man. Orman an.i English, wishes sit-
uation in wholesale house or large store.
AUGUST WAGNER. 29 Laskie st.
YOUNG man with references and of good char-
acter and ability, desires lieht employment;
private family preferred. Box 446... Call.
JAPANESE man and wife, man first-class
cook, wife good waiter, want situations;
city or country. Address T. TATSLMI, 407
Post St.
MAN wants position as fireman; an all-round
fireman. C. G., 1304 Ninth st.. Alameda.
FRENCHMAN having experience In wine and
liquor store business wishes a position in
that iine. Box 4436, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a Dane, aged 00. was
working 14 years in Oakland as coachman;
gardener or man about place; has some ex-
perience In cooking, baking and housework:
Is a total abstainer; left last place for
Alaska: good references. Call or address 331
Kearny St., room 86.
GEORGE R. QALLATIN. all round pastry
cook and baker. Room 12, International Ho-
tel. ___
ELECTRICIAN; Japanese, with good certifi-
cate desires a situation as assistant engi-
neer. J. V.. 410 Franklin st.
MACHINIST and tool maker accustomed to
Jigs and tools for the production of duplicate
parts, turret tools, dies, etc. Address box
4502, Call office.
WANTED— By a first-class man of middle age,
as coachman and gardener; thoroughly un-
derstands his business; can milk and make
himself useful; best of city reference. Ad-
dress JOHN, box 4494, Call office.
COACHMAN wants position; thorough horse-
man; single; total abstainer; city or country;
best reference. Box 4496, Call office.
YOUNG German 34 years old wishes work of
any kind; as waiter, driver or anything;
worked 14 mnnth* at the last place. Address
box 44(i L Call offlc*.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ASSAYER of 10 years" practical experience de-
sires a position of some kind in his line; will
go to any place. Address box 4487, Call office.
AMERICAN man and wife would like to take
charge of gentleman's place in country. Call
or address P. F., SJI Howard St.. In bakery.
POSITION desired by thorough double entry
bookkeeper of 15 years' experience; who also
understands telegraphy; married; age 38
years. Box 6624, Call office.
YOUNG man 21 years of ag» desires position,
wholesale house preferred; 4 years in last
place; will give references. Address box 4522.
Call office.
YOUNG man wants employment evenings and
Sundays; willing to do anything; can furnish
excellent references. Address M. F. J., box
4514, Call office.
CARPET-LAYER wishes situation; furniture
store or will go out by day; cleans and relays
carpets $1 50 per day. Address 2211 San An-
tonio aye., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS meat cook in hotel, European-
plan; also wife as chambermaid; years of ex-
perience. Address box 4526, Call office.
TO Butchers— A young man seeks employment
In the country; shop, slaughter house or
wagon. Address W. LINES, 663 Folsom «t.,
near Third. |
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Sox 4563, Call.
BTEADY young German wishes position on a
gentleman' f place; good horseman; can milk;
good references; email wages. Box 4587, Call.
WINCHESTER HOfSE. 44 Third st.. near '
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'buß and baggage to and from ferry.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
NURSEGIRL. 1 child, $15. MISS CULLEN.
825 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Ross. $20; waitress, Alameda, $20;
waitress, springs, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter Ft.
COOK, San Rafael, $30, see lady here. MISS
CILLKN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSEGIRL, $15. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter.
REFINED housework girl, 2 In family, $15,
Modesto, see lady here, will be treated as a
member of the family. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $15; housework, Sonora. $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Pescadero, $15. MIBS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, Alameda, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French governess. $30. MISS
CULLBN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, $10 to $15. MISS CULLBN.
325 Sutter »t.
COLORED housework girl, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 326 Bu*er st.
WASHERWOMAN by the day. MISS CUX-
LEN. S£s Sutter St.
GERMAN or Swedish washerwoman by the
day. MISB CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
4 WAITRESSES and 2 chambermaids for same
summer resort. $20, see party here to-day.
C. K. HANHEN & CO.. 1"4 Geary St.
WAITRESS commercial hotel, $20, see party
9:30; chambermaid, few rooms, and wait, $20;
chambermaid, country hotel. $20; arm and
check waitress, country, $25; 2 restaurant
waitresses S6; 3 hotel cooks, German and
American style. $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, Alameda, small family, $25, see party
here; co ik, Oakland, $25. see party here 9
a. m.: girl, city, ?25; cook and housegirl for
Reno Nev $25, choice place, no washing, no
bread bakir.ic: 15 houseglrls, city, $20; German
nursegirl, $si); 25 young girls, $15 to *20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 G^ary st.
WANTED— Second girl and laundress, $26; 4
German an i Scandinavian second girls, $*i;
lroner and starcher, country, $25; German and
Scandinavian Kirls for housework: Alameda.
$25: Santa Rosa. $25; Berkeley, no wash, 180;
San Rafael, $25; waitress, country hotel, $i.Q,
and many others, $15, $20 and $25. Apply to
J F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL $21: waitress for an institution,
$i:,. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK $25; second girl and seamstress, $25.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
HOUSEGIRL, $25, 2 In family; young: girl t
assist. $10. MRS. NORTON, .113 Sntter_jrt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, small ranch. $2');
housegirl, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL Sa.n Rafael, $25; San Mateo. $25;
Berkeiev, $2. r .- Alameda, $20; 10 young girls to
assist, $"l 0 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WANTED— French girl for housework, $'-'";
second and sewing, $20 to $25: hotel cook,
short distance, $35; girls for housework and
assist, t*. $20 and $15. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton st.
WAITKJSSSJEB. different country hotels, $20;
girls for housework, country places. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-836 Clay St.
BOOKKEEPER, first-class double entry and
correspondent; position of trust. 313 Bush at.
CARE taker gentleman's place during summer;
care house and put up fruit. 813 Bush »t.
CHARGE of fashionable rooming house, giving
6 o'clock dinner. 313 Bush st.
LADY, charge of department, to visit branch
offices; confidential. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Immediately: experienced opera-
tors on steam power sewing machines; also
pressers and finishers; sood wages. Apply
quick at cur fn<tiry, :!3 Stevenson st.. fourth
floor. HOFFMAN. ' ROTHCHILD & CO.
WANTED— An experienced hand on pants. 829^4
Butter st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. Apply
before 12 o'clock at 1726 Bush st.
WANTED— A German girl for light housework;
wages $15. W3l Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced book folders. Book-
bindery, 608 Clay St., top floor; Niantlc bldg.
ORPHAN girl of about 11 will be given good
home and schooling for services. Box 4443.
Call office.
TAILORESS and experienced apprentice on
custom coats. 76 Harriet st.
YOUNG girl from 14 to 16 years for light house-
work. 16 Harriet st.
WANTED- A grlrl for general housework. 10
Liberty St., near Valencia.
WANTED- Girl for general housework. Call
209 Webster St.
W A NTBD— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats; good wages. 272 Seventh st.
NEAT gill for light housework. 3923 California
st., bet. First and Second ayes.
WANTED— Young girl; light housework;
small wages. 426 Halght st.
WANTED— Strong young girl for light house-
work and assist in bakery. 1501 Howard st.
strong clrl resist housework; sleep tone;
$3 a month. Call 31S Taylor st:
WOMAN, 20 to 25, light housework; one In
family: wages $8. Write or call about 12 m.
at 710 Lombard st., cor. Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Young German girl about IS to help
in kitchen. Call at I*o6 Mission st., bakery.
WANTED— German girl to do good plain cook-
ing and general housework in a family of 4
in country. Apply at 1832 Bush, before 12 m.
YOUNG lady for reception room, dental par-
lors: private secretary. 1239 Market st.
EXCEPTIONALLY good position with leading
hotel for capable woman; references. 1239
Market st.
GROCERY store bookkeeper, select family
trade; central; good references. 1233 Mar-
k«-t st.
OPAL ring free! Sell only. 15 stick-pin souvenirs
of war and the Maine :at 10c each and we
give you . free handsome genuine opal ring,
best gold plate, warranted two years ". trial
subscription to new 111. . patriotic . magazine
free with each pin; no money required; 1 just
send full name and address and say you will
return pins or ' money by mail ' within two
■ weeks. ' The Columbian, 34 Oliver at., Boston,
Mass. , ; . ' ■■-.'-' ; ■: '--i'--.
WANTED — girl for . general house-
work ; must understand . cooking; small wash.
JOl6 Vallejo at. ' - ■-,■•'■ ' . '■'..'■■'£■■•■■:
WANTED— elderly *■ woman ■■ or ; young girl
to mind baby and assist: in light housework;
„■ good home. Call 1511 Geary , st. ,; ; v^.i;-. . -,
WOMAN between 21 an* 34 ' for : light , house-
work; good home; fair pay for, right party.
Call ; for one week. 116. Taylor st. ; -
HOTEL, shop, office and store clerks." Ladies'
Exchange; strictly confidential; . 1239 ( Market.
LEARN . dreßsma- ng and millinery; positions
free; ' patterns : 25c t up. McDowell's. . 103 ■ Post.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 , Market
. at.; monthly troubles, etc., : cured at once. ..
LAWRENCE ■ Dresscutting : School. ■ 1079 . Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free. .r. .s.
615 LARKIN Branch office of \ The Cat..
Subscriptions and want ads taken. . : . ■:
HELP,. WANTED— MALE.
BREAD j and : cake baker for \ steamer, i $00; ' well
■'" driller, $5 a day ■ and. found; fireman if or dred-
, ger, $80 and found ;> 2 laborers :, for ' dredger.
- $25 and .found; ■ cellar man- for s vineyard. : $26
■ \ and found ; cabinet maker, woodchopp«r,-- coal
: miners.'- $2 50 a day. R. T. WARD & C 0. ,.
608-610 Clay : at. ••• . ■ -;:;•■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MAN cook for a young men's academy, HO.
MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
HEAD cook, restaurant, $75; baker and pas-
try cook for a resort, $45; second cook for a
saloon. $46. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary-
FIRST-CLASS vegetabla cook for a flrst-class
country hotel, $40 and free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD WAITER and steward for a
country hotel; $40; see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 G«ary st.
60 RAILROAD men, teamsters, scraper load-
ers and tunnelmen, free fare; 6 experienced
gravel miners, S2 50 a day; 20 woodsmen for
barking and bucking logs, $35 and board; 10
laborers for the woods, $26 and board; 10
woodchoppers for Sonoma and Santa Cruz
counties; Swiss or Portuguese milker, $25;
buttermaker, see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& C. 104 Geary at.
NURSE with good references, for an institu-
tion; $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
4 WOODCHOPPERS for a mining company;
$1 26 a cord; see party here 9 o'clock. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ENGINEER and machinist with good refer-
ences for a hotel plant; country; $(6 and
found and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
20 LABORERS and 20 teamsters for the coast
road; free fare; $1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
FIREMAN; $36 and board; for a hotel plant.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 i_eary st.
BEDMAKKR; $7 a week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO H-4 Geary st.
82 MINERS; $2 50 day; for corporations. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
2 SHOP blacksmiths.
1 machine blacksmith.
MURRAY & READY, BS4 and 636 Uay «t.
A.— Grocery clerk; $35: city Job. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
8 FRUIT pickers. $20
16 farm hands, 126. $26, $20 and $15.
9 haymakers 5 chore men
5 chore boy«,slo 6 milkers, PC
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employmant
Agents, 634 and 63G Clay st.
20 LABORERS 2 stablemen
6 teamsters 198 woodchoppers
125 tlemakers
MTTRRAY & READY. 634 and «86 Clay St..
Leading Employment Agents.
COOK; $30 and Increase; for a Catholic insti-
tution. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
9 oooks 8 waiters
6 dishwashers 5 waiter boys
3 laundrymen MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
CAMP cook. $30 Italian cook. $60
French cook. $50
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — 6 gravel miners. $2 30 day; farmers,
$1 day; starcher and ironer for country, $26;
plain painters, $20 month and $1 50 day; pat-
tern makers, $3 50 day; German grocery clerk,
$36; office boy; laborers for country, $1 70:
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento «t.
WANTED — Restaurant cook, $10 week; 2 sec-
ond cooks, $45 and $12 week; cook for soldiers,
$20 and $25; camp cook, $30: night cook, wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento Bt.
WANTED— Errand-boy for this office, $2 50 a
week. Apply early to J. F. CROPETT & CO.,
316 Sutter St.
WANTED— Cook for camp In city. f45 per
month and found ; waiter for country hotel,
fare advanced. $25; young man to work about
a saloon in city, $15 per month and found:
ranch blacksmith. $30; 2 woodchopper*. near
city, $1 50 per cord and good long Job. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 826 Clay £t.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $12 a week; cook.
$10 a week; waiter. $40; dishwasher, $20; ele-
vator boy, $10; gardener for nursery, $25;
choreman, small place, $10; porter for sa-
loon, $5 a week. etc. ANDRE'S. 318 Stockton.'
WAITER, country hotel, $2.".; pot washer,
springs. 120; laundryman, springs. $23; boy
for chamherwork, springy, $15: bell boy,
country hotel, $15. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420
Kearny st.
RESPONSIBLE man of good appearance as
amusement house ticket taker; to-day. 813
Bush st.
NIGHT manager restaurant; country hotel
manager; quarry foreman; to-day. 313 Bush.
MAN for ranch who understands raising poul-
try by incubator; also butler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bußh St.
MAN to drive a laundry wagon and collect;
well acquainted. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER, wholesale house; bill clerk;
■hip 'handler's clerk; dock wntch. 313 Bush.
WANTED — Immediately; experienced opera-
tors on steam power sewing machines; also
pressers and finishers; good wages. Apply
quick at our factory, 23 Stevenson St.. fourth
floor. HOFFMAN. ROTHCHILD & CO.
WANTED — A strong boy for a blacksmith
shop at f>2B Sixth at.
WIDEAWAKE office-boy; wholesale house; $3
per week. Box 4C03, Call.
WANTED — Steady man to make himself use-
ful 9 hours daily in commission office; must
be satisfied with $15 to $18 weekly and have
$150 cash. 1021 Market st., room 2.
EXPERIENCED presser on custom coats;
steady work. lOfi Battery st.
GOOD bootblack wanted. Ruas House Baths,
217 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Man who understands nursery
work and jobbing gardening. Call £00 Haight.
STRONG willing young man (17 to 20) to learn
trade; references. 411 V4 Kearny st.
WANTED — Tailor boy: must have experience
on fine coats. 26 Montgomery st., room» 1-2.
BARBER'S situation wanted Wednesday even- I
ing Saturday and Sunday; steady. Address :
A. B. D., box 4437. Call office.
WANTED— Good barber. 593 Hayws.
BOY to learn blacksmithlng. Apply 1718 Flll-
m..re st.
RESTAURANT butcher. $5 a week. 959 Market :
street. j
BARBER wanted; $7 guaranteed. 217 Fourth st.
GROCERY clerk, office manager, $t!0 and per-
centage; 2 office assistants, $15. 1239 Market.
MAN and wife, charge of light, profitable cash
business, $SO. Particulars 123 J Market st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla. Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESI.A
COAL CO., room 515, 328 Montgomery, S. F. !
BARBER wanted for country, $2U per week:
most have $75 cash. Apply at GILBART'S
grocery, corner Dupont and Union sts.
BARBER Shop — Will trade for a shop In small
country town or sell; a good paying 3-chair
shop, 15c and 25c, In the city. Box 4446. Call.
ACTIVE solicitors wanted everywhere for
"America's Battle for Cuba's Freedom:" of-
ficial war book; all about Spain, Cuba,
armies, navies, war and all great command-
ers; graphic description of Pewey's famous
victory; his complete biography; bigxest
b«nk; 600 large pa#es; magnificently illus-
trated: tremendous demand: only $1 50; com-
mission .'n<^ : bonanza for agents; 30 days'
credit; frfijjht paid: outfit free. Write quick.
THE DOMINION CO.. Dept. 32. Chicago.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States !
marine corps. United States navy; able- :
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of \
21 and SO years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to j
apeak, m\d and write English, and be be- ]
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MAN to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN, 519 Filbert St.
WANTED— SO men for Alaska mines: wages
$10 per day; leave June 5. Box 4606, Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 628.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis— loo furnished
rooms; 25c night; $1 week: reading room.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Asa'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 1-ifi.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggag» to and from the ferry.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764U Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c ana 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED- To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutteiv.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
800 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c. 950 Howard st.
MEN to learn barb«r trade Jn eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 13S£ Eiahth at.
AGENTS WANTED.
10c BRINGS samples & catalogue of patrlotlo
emblems," etc., by return mail. Quick! Manu-
facturer, box 1276. Boston, Mass.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book "Our Country in War"; all about
armies navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations;: nearly 600 pages; all written
ilnce Maine disaster; magnificent colored Il-
lustrations: agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary: liberal terms: .a
days' credit; price low; freight paid: outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union. 324 Dearborn St., Chicago.
AGENTS to sell Dewey bust; sell at sight!
large profits. 424 Pine st., room 5.
AGENTS for good paying business; eld Jewish
people. Apply 1122 Market st.
A FEW good agents can make big money. Call
33 Third st. :
" PARTXEHS WAMED.
PARTNER wanted— Active sober man (Cath-
olic preferred) In "Western Addition, first-
class grocery and bar; must have $500. Box
4434, Call. __ —
aOOMS WASTED.
WANTED by June 7— Furnished front room,
for light housekeeping: Protestant; north of
Market, close In: private; by man and wife;
rent not to exceed tin Address box 44.-^. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WANTED— lily V.XEOIS.
WANTED At 519 Mission st.. tools, machin-
ery, metals, stoves and wrenches, etc.
CASH paid for old gold and ■liver; any quan-
tltv. ROBERT BENJAMIN, in El Ms st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver. C ***T_s
clothing bought. Add. COLKMAN. 41 Third.
tfl MONTGOMERY, i r Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch offW of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
LOST.
LOST— GoId link bracelet and locket, initials
P, E. 8., between Sutro Baths and Camp
Richmond, on Rutro cars: liberal reward.
DR. H. VT. FRENCH, 1116 Washington St.,
Oakland.
GOLD chain bracelet. Reward for return to
JESSIE B. L.YON. 212 Fair Oaks St.
LOST— IS reward; Mark and white Japanese
pug dog; near Golden Gate Park Sunday.
Above reward if returned to 2G2 Frederick rt.
LOST — Scotch collie dog. female; medium size;
color dark brown. Liberal reward if returned
to 808 Taylor st.
LOST— May 27. pocket book containing papen of
no value except to the owner. Return to
southeast cor. Putter and Kearny sta>, or K-t
Valencia Bt. J. K. WEYBURN.
LOST— St Bernard bitch 1? months old. oranga
and white. Return to JACOB SCHUTTEN.
1602 Geary, and receive reward.
rONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay-Open until »:M
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches!
electrical civil and minins engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since JS?2; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. I
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— New; Perry, Pn 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Athsrton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve. ]
est. ISM. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute:
taught In one month, terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada, one year for $1 50, postage
free.
I '_ _ _- —. t
PHYSICIAN'S.
' DR. C. C. O'DOXXELL, office and residence.
1205 Vtrket: diseases of women a specialty.
RESALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FRESH for »ale. JOHN* I.MHOFF, San
Bruno aye. and Twenty-fifth st.
A PAIR turquoise cluster diamond earrings;
price was $83:, our price now $66. UNCLE
HARRIS. IS Grant m
ASK to see the $11 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $16 solitaire diamond ring at UN-
CLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
SECOND-HAND lumber redwood boards, rus-
tic, fencing, t & g. Silver aye. and Mis-
sion st. _ ... ■ <
ONLY camping wagon in town; 6 berths; con-
venient as home. 1173 Valencia st.
FOR Sale— Reasonable; soda fountain and tc*
* cream business at Sutro Baths. - Apply at
once at the premises or at 400 Front st.
FOR Sale— Empty packing cases. Apply M. A.
GUN ST & CO.. 203 Kearny st.
$67 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down $3 pep
month. 225 Sutter St. j
$197 50— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down, $5 per month; guaranteed. 225 Sutter «t.'
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and ■ fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1013-1021-1623
Mission St.. above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WKITEJ,
514, 516, 518 Mission St. I-
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment ; J
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engine?, dynamos, electl,
goods; new. 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2<i-hanri machinery. Mo-|
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFKS — Hargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPEOPHONES, $10: Records, IS per do»Ti
Projectoscope, $ICO.. Bacigalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE! mill, scale, band-truck, letter-presa,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
EARS, "bowcasea, counters, shelving. etc..
bought and sold 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHISES.
}2 liONTHl»T— Rented, repaired, bought. sohll
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 46.
ALL k'.nrls bought, MM, exchanged, r»nted|
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.«
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor worfc
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 868-67 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co..
Stevenson St.: tel. S. 225: lowest rates.
CA.RPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3<x
STRATTON. 3 EiK ih fct. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Rastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 St st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
j f MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Utit,
st.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
.1 WATTS, reliabia earpet-elpaning. renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «t-l
taL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Goldea
Gate aye. : tel. 126.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of Tbe Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters ■ sold and rented; few partly*
.used - for sale cheap; send . for samples and'
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 7 110 , Montgomery.
YOST, (rood order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & HANNAN. Montgomery st.
. LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD ■ Consolidation— Pursuant to th«
statute In sueh 1 , case made and provided no-
tice Is hereby given tlu-t ■■ the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, , the Northern California Rail-
way Company , and the California - Pacifla
Railroad Company, railroad corporations In-
corporated ' and existing under the laws ot
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the ; stockholders holding more than
three-fourths in value of all the stock of eacH
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors ot
, said -. corporations, , made : and entered : Into la
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute 'in , such case made and pro-
vided, did, i on the 14th day of April tA. I). ■
1898. amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
under : the J corporate . name and - style of th*
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
' - • -i • J. L. WILLCtJTT.'
Secretary , of th« Southern Paclflo Railroad
Company. -;■■'-... •
■ ' K«J» rtandau. rial Ji«j» < IHI ' -."" •■11l SINESS CHANCES.
$C(K>-OLD-ESTABLISHED and first-class pay-
ing saloon; close to Baldwin Hotel; low rent;
elegant tixtures; a great sacrifice; important
business calls owner north. Call WILKE.
7S3Va Mark. St.
$150— SALOON close to water front; low
rent; rooms; doing a good paying business.
See WILKE, 788 Market st.
$550— PARTNER wanted in good paying liquor
v store large stock; very best location; owner
mf~ wants an honest, industrious man. See
T WILKE. >;> Market st.
$350 — SALOON; established many years and do-
ing a dally business of $12; 1 block from lll-
bernia Bank; a rare opening. See WILKE,
753 Market st.
$2000— CORNER grocer}- and bar; choicest loca-
tion in Western Addition; large stock; 5 bar-
rels whisky on hand; a first-class paying busi-
ness. Particulars WILKE, "S3 Market st.
A— sl7so; 1 KST-I'A i'lN<; restaurant in city; es-
tablished years; kept by owner the last 5
years; private rooms; the very best business
location; average daily receipts above $40. In-
quire Wii.KE. 753 Market st.
'LD-ESTABLISHED euloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; long
!•..>*; doing a first-class paying business;
ether engagement? compel owner to sacrifice
WII.KE. 753 Market st.
$400— SALOON; first-class business; close to
Pheian building; a bargain. See WILKE
Market St.
A $1100; 4 v ROOM house, clearing about $125
per month; rent low; 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket bt. WILKE. 783 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO. "~ joll Geary Bt.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS
List with us; no charge for advertising
$3000— Roadhouse; daily receipts $60.
J;3iX' — Saloon; fine corner; well stocked.
$750— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
:iis.
$175— Grocery and bar; give-away.
Plambing and gasfltting; $150 monthly,
icy; fine corner; with living rooma
iv-.-taurant and furnished Hat; $20 daily
Dressmaking; store and furnished rooms.
$450— Best shooting paliery; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
. WOOD, coal, hay, grain and livery
stable; clears $200; full value in stock
KREDO <£ CO.
$o7C— CIGAR 6tand, receipts $15 daily; also
J3TS, cigar stand, Oakland. KREDO & CO.,
-_ . Geary st.
A.KTXKR wanted in paying legitimate
ess; will pay to each over $5 daily. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO, 23 Kearny st.
SALOON and club rooms for sale or ex-
change; city or country property near the
Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny st.
$4i"jt>— I>KY go< Js store near the city; owner re-
tiring; stock at a discount. For particulars
see MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$3500— AN old-established business clearing $200
to $;oo a month; everything in first-class or-
der; fullest investigation given. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
A— sSo0 — CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
Partner wanted; commission business.
1300 — Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
PARTIES wishing to sell their business
iptly for cash. HEALY. LIT Market St.
:; near prominent Junction Mar-
ket; nice place for man and wife; rooms.
HEALY & CO., i»l7 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $16 to $25 a week; trial
given; short h.>urs; duti.-.- light. 31 Third st.,
'■'■ api'ly from IS to 12 a. m.
IBLE party desiring to form a comp-
any for the purpose of going Into business
in Dawsoo City, Alaska, wishes to meet
party with capital to Invest. For particulars
: • V. Polk st., room 14.
WANTED— A partner with $200 capital for
newly Invented machine; very useful article
Apply J. JOHNSON, 741 Minna st., from 11
to 3 p. m.
J SH will 1 urchp.se an undivided Interest
in v w >ll established cash business; weekly
$20; profits monthly. Particulars, 313
. st.
i.~ A flrst-class paying restaurant: all new
st k ; lesa than one-third its value; call
. as this is a bargain. 1069 Market St.
ILL purchase the Nickel saloon, with
r.xtures and piano forte. 130
:uh st., near new postofflce site.
G' n >r> paying business: worth $2000; will sell
■ -' If bought by June 1. J., box lfl, Call
i Oakland.
FOR BALES— Horns bakery, notions, tamales;
I trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
V yO~i: BALE — Cheap; fruit store doing good
f business by J. D. CALLAGHAN, 267 Third.
GOOD restaurant man with smaJl capital call
at Terminal Hotel, Haifiht and Stanyan sts.
SALOON for sale; cheap; no night work. 506
Clay st.
FIXE INVESTMENT.
A MID: first-class restaurant on best street
in Oakland; monthly receipts from $900 to
*ui;;e owners for over 7 years; partner
retiring from bus&aeaa. Call or write M L.
WURTS, Seventeenth ana Broadway, Oak-
land.
BUT< fixtures of well-established
market, with refrigerator; will sell without
refrigerator; $600 monthly trade free. 1022
Pan I'aMo aye., Oakland.
shed boarding house to rent; San
Un:no aye., near Twenty-sixth St.; rent
cheap. Apply to G. J. DICKINSON. Mills
building, third Boor.
. in white metal plating
■ Hurris.jn or Gray's system); state terms.
Call office.
: UITNER; business wiTl net J75 to $100
::; :.thly. with a fine future. See manager of
New Faucet Co.. branch office, 33 Third st.
:'!'. corner Diamond— Store
and :< iiv;n« rooms, suitable for barber-shop
emaker; r -nt $10.
XT;* 3 furnished rooms; good
for man and wife. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO., 23 Kearny st.
BAKERY store to let v/ith oven; fixtures must
ild at once. M Chronicle building.
FINB corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent $20;
sacrifice. 331 Sixth st.
FOR Eale— Newspaper inside route. Apply 'at
this office.
$125— COMPLETE restaurant outfit for sale.
v (87 Mission st.
BAKERY, with fine tru<lp; elegantly fitted up;
no reasonable ofler refused. 3'J2C Sacramento.
HOTEL for sale— 26 rooms, furnished: co=t $SWO
11 years a^u; now a.^kinfc- $2200. Call 256 Third
St., get terms; m>iko offer at once.
CIGAR stand and shooting gallery very cheap.
Call 815 Kearny et.
FOR SALE- Sali. on with piano and 4 rooms;
ing-bouse over saloon with 17 rooms; run-
ning water and pras in every room; no reason-
able offer refusal if s..M before the lirst of
the month; no agents. Box 4535. Call.
ACTIVE middle-aged man ot business expe-
rience With some capital and his services,
wishes to go in some legitimate estnblished
business. Address box 4617, Call office.
CORNER saloon, good location; on account of
other business; low price. Albany Brewery.
FOR sale— 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $2600 and $1250. Apply Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $2SO; guaranteed
■alary $50 month. X., box 10, Call, Oakland.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; rood
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
BUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
r»>n? MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorln, Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W i'AS'WFLL * CQ.'S. 41. Sacramento Ht
LODGIXG • ./USBfl I'OR SALE.
I OFFHJR rOR BALH THIS DAT
T;ir: FOLLOWING BARGAINS
MY ISKST BARGAIN; 24 ROOMS; C0R. ..5800
4 20-room houses: from $500 to $16<K>
I 50- room bouses; from $1400 to $3<vx>
3 IOS-rooni houses; from $2500 to $«000
m hotel; cost $10.000 13800
60-room .-jpurtment house for exchange. .$4"<X)
7-HOOM FLAT ON OEART :T $ 250
!0-room house.. $800 22-room house $500
10-room house.. ISO 24 rooms, corner.. 750
17, rooms, cor... t>oo9 14 rms, on Sutter 700
II rs. ; must sell 100 1 fifi rms.; host city 7,<M
ms; new.. L2M| 31-room house 1,400
m»: nw.. 8.000 no rooms; corner. 6,<>00
800 rms.; hotel.. 10,000 C rooms: 0n1y... l">0
35 rms.' central 2,500 10 rooms; Jones.. 300
H. C. DECKER, UfflO Mark, t st., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO. 22 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
The following at reduced prices: .
10 rooms; Ellis St.; from $500 to. $300
15 rooms; Third St.; from $400 to 27."
16 rooms; sunny corner; from $1650 to 1,300
20 rooms; corner Powell; from $2200 to — l,©s)
22 rooms; transient; new; from $1200 to.. 1,000
23 rooms; sunny corner; from $1000 t0.:.. COO
V, rooms; Post st.; from $1800 to 1.5W)
100 room*; with elevator; from $6000 t0... 5,500
Many other special bargains on Installments.
FOR Rent— The well and favorably known St.
George lodging house of 150 rooms, centrally
located in Sacramento City and convenient to
the railroad shops. For particulars apply to
GEORGE W. : LORENZ, People's Savings
Bank. Sacramento.- . ,■'.■•■ .' "■■■ -'■■
4 FOR Sale or Exchange— house. Market
It • CO rooms, all furnished; doing good buai-
ness; owner unable to attend, to same; no
aßfnts. Call 132 First St. :
»350-11-ROOM house on McAllister St., full of
roomers; owner retiring. Pox <*"<>. Call offlce.
•VVELI. furnlnhed house. S • rooms, for sale; I
bargain. Inoulm 22CA McAllister st. . 1
HOI'SES TO LET.
A— S2O— SNAP; 7 room and bath house; nice
yard; Leavenworth st. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
! ALL OVER TOWN ;
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st
! CLAY, 1422, sunny side, near Hyde— lo-room
house; nev.iy renovated; latest improve-
ments; front and rear garden; rent re-
duced. Inquire at premises from 10 to 4 p. m.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
_you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
j SACRAMENTO St., 1630— North side, east of
Polk; sun all day; new. clean and pretty;
ingrain paper; now chandeliers: marble and
tile lavatory; art windows; mahogany and
oak mantels; new cedar closets with mirrors
in doors; porcelain bath tub with marble
washstand; servant's room, laundry, etc. in
basement; postofflce and cross lines cable
cars at door; key on premises 1 p. m. to-day.
i TURK. H24, rear, near Larkin— Mcdern sunny
6 room house; bath; gas; $1S with water.
TURK, 733— 7-room moden. house and bath.
! VALENCIA. TOD — Upper part of house, 5 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
$B— HOUSE 5 rooms; best condition; healthy
place, lrw," Kearny st.. near Greenwich.
$9— 6-ROOM house; newly papered and reno-
vated; large yard; water free. S34S Folaom.
$26—15 Oak st . near Market; 8 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $S; rear cottage.
BAY-WINDOW cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
914 Alabama Bt., near Twenty-first.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; basement; mod-
ern. 520 Oak st.
COTTAGE: 5 rooms and bath; large basement;
large lot with stable. 107 Twenty-ninth st.
FOR RENT— Cottage house; 2 large sunny
rooms with yard and basement. 622 Minna.
NEARLY new cottage of 4 rooms; rent $10.
3272 Folsom st. ; key next door.
SIN.NT cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1878 Fifteenth st.. near
Dolores.
TO LET— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms and bath.
1007 Capp St., near Twenty-fifth.
$20— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st. ; key at corner grocery.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
"~FLKMSKED HOL'SES TO LET.
BUENA~T'ISTA aye., 44S (Ashbury Heights)—
To let, June 1. fine family residence of 10
rooms, furnished or unfurnished, with usa
of piano and stable; grand view.
BIRCH aye., 6— Four rooms and bath; nicely
furnished.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely furnl:hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m.
$40 — Mcdern lower flat: 8 rooms, bath; piano.
Call from 10 to 2, 1808 Vallejo at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cento— Th« Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.
A^slo— 4 ROt IMS, star Fourth and Mission.
A--JlB— s rooms, bath, Geary St., newly
painted.
A—s2A — $23 — Elegant brand new 6 rooms, enamel
bath; 10 other new flats. SPECK & CO., 602
Montgomery st.
AA— Dale place, 8, off Golden Gate aye., bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde — Six rooms and bath.
AMA, 832— Flat of 5 sunny rooms, bath
aint stationary tubs; $13.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN ft
HOWBLL, 10 Montgomery st.
KO, ISI2. near Twenty-fifth— Flat, 4 large
rooms; bath, goe, mirror-top mantels; $11 50.
EIGHTH, M«— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
cheap; bath.
FILLMOHE, 207. near Halght— Upper flat of 6
sunny rooms and bath.
FLATS, 5 and 6 rooms; improvements; good
cellars; one block Jackson st. cars. 1135
I'U' iflc st., near Jones.
FOLSOM, ili4 — Four-room flat; even with side-
walk.
FOLBOBC S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats. 5
s, bath; rent suit times. Apply premises.
GROVE, 10. near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
o rooms; bath.
HARRISON, 2041. opp. Eighteenth— Two sunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HAVES, 826— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; bath; large
yard: basement; $25.
HAYEB, 170] . nnd 1706 Waller— Sunny flats; S
to 5 rooms and bath; $7 50 to $15; near park.
HYDE, 232. between Turk and Eddy— Com-
plete bedroom and kitchen for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH. 1523, bet. Pacific and Jack-
Bon Upper flat of 5 rooms; rent $14.
McALLISTEK, 720— Upper Hat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
MODERN fiats, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; yard;
basement; rent $13 and $14. 389 Jersey St..
near Castro.
MODERN flat. 1007 Lombard St.. near Hyde-Bt.
cars.
MOSS, 30, bet. Sixth and Seventh— Five large
rooms and bath. Key at corner of Howard.
NINETEENTH, 3930, bet. Noe and Sanchez-
Flat, 5 large rooms; bath, gas, large yard;sl2 50.
NOE, 151 — 2 nicely furnished rooms; modern
fiat: pas range: grate; bath: $12.
PACIFIC aye.. 1671 — Four sunny rooms; bath;
$14.
PAGE, 480, n^ar Webster — New handsome flat,
7 rooms; latest Improvements; rent reason-
able; garden; reference.
PIERCE, 3000, corner Filbert— A modern upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath: rent $25.
POST. 625— An elegant flat of 7 rooms and bath
to let; rent $33.
TTKK, IS77— Handsome modern flat ot t
rooms and bath; reduced to $18.
TWENTIETH. 2703. cor. Hampshire— Upper flat
of 6 large sunny rooms, $17; stable, $19.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3440, nr. Fair Oaks— Sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms; bath; basement; $15.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 8075, nr. Folsom— 6-room
flat: hot and cold water, with stable; $15;
water free.
WEBSTER, 612— A corner flat of 5 rooms; yard;
no children.
$8 50— MIDDLE flat. 3 rooms. 256 Harriet St.,
bet. Harrison and Bryant, Sixth and Seventh.
$22— 5-ROUM fiat. 315 O'Farrell St., near Mason;
no car fare. Apply 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 710— Flat of 4 sunny connecting rooms
and bath, $1C; also lower flat, $14; very cen-
tral.
CALIFORNIA. 836, near Powell— 3 sunny house-
keeping rooms, $15; also 8 at $10.
CLAY, 2416 — Four sunny rooms and yard; base-
ment.
EDDT, 916 — 2 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; gas range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
EDDT, 118— Llrht, clean housekeeping rooms,
$6 up; other rooms cheap; no transient.
EDDY, 917— Desirable housekeeping rooms; gas
range, bath, garden; private; splendid locafn.
EIGHTH, 84, nr. Market— l or 2 sunny front
rooms, with kitchen; furnished for housekeep-
ing; hot and cold water; bath; nri\'ate fam.
FIFTH, 322— Suite of rooms, furnished for
bousekeepln*; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 3T.3— Furnished for housekeeping, 2 par-
lors, kitchen, bath, $22; also $6 and $7 rooms.
FILLMORE, 205— Two unfurnished rooms.
FULTON, lift— Large well-furnished room, with
summer kitchen, complete, $8 per month.
\ ■ GEARY, 656, formerly 518— Elegant sunny par-
; I lor; suites, single, double rooms; also house-
j ! keeping.
' GEARY, 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
' i bath, two bedb; t-.vo stoves; gas and coal; $20.
> HARRISON, CIS — Common-sense adult can
; have 2 sunny unfurnished rooms, with stove,
for $5; everything handj\
HOWARD, 525— Large front room; furnished
\ I complete for housekeeping.
HYDE, 703 Vi, cor. Post— 2 sunny front con-
necting rooms; unfurnished; light housekpg.
' : LARKIN, 804— Sunny front furnished, 1 or 2
1 [.frjuni--, $6;; large back room, $B; house-
1 j keeping.
i i LARGE front room; light housekeeping; also
i ! single room; reasonable. 113 Frankiin st.
LAI'KIN 61S— 3 or 4 beautiful sunny rooms:
kitchens complete: housekeeping.
' MASON, 413. OPP- Native Sons' Hall— Nicely
furnishfd sunny rooms; very reasonable^
I McALLISTER, 34«— 2 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
nuNTUiiMERY, 1402— S furnished rooms for
i housekeeping; J9 month. Key 429 Dupont st.
i MINNA, 848— 2 large rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION f>3>~ Large rooms, runnlnsj water,s2; !
i light housekeeping, JIJO[ suites, >10.
MISSK oir.pletely furnished sunny
front houaekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, IS9B.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
MISSION, 1119— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; housekeeping complate; strictly pri-
vate.
MISSION, 1217— Sunny front bay-window suite,
complete for housekeeping; rent reduced.
OC'TAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny room and
kitchen, large, $12; bay-window, $8.
POLK. 605 — Clean sunny bay-window alcove;
small kitchen; bath; gas; also 1 room; reason-
able.
POLK, 605 — Complete for housekeeping, includ-
ing gas for stove; clean sunny room; $9 mo.
POLK, 1643, cor. Clay— 3 large newly fur-
nished sunny front rooms; housekeeping; $25.
POWELL, 944—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping: $l*i.
PROSPECT place, 123, near California, be-
tween Bjtockton and Powell — l to 4 rooms,
bath, complete housekeeping, $4 to $15; pri-
vate German family.
SACRAMENTO. 1865 — 3 rooms; separate en-
trance; rent $7; good yard.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
SUTTER. 1111 — Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite; also housekeeping; reasonable.
TENTH, 136. corner Minna— Sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; stove; running water;
also single room.
THIRTEENTH, 179, near Howard— 4 unfur-
nished rooms; double parlors; rent $13.
THREE sunny furnished rooms; gas stove; to
respectable Parties only. Apply 40 Geary Bt.
TURK, 543— Large front rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
TWKLFTH, 145, corner Howard — Nicely fur-
niFhed housekeeping rooms.
WA S HINGTON! 102.W— | large unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: also 2 furnished.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; tirst-cluss
in every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
AT 609 Hyde. Sutter, 715, 717, 719— Furnished
and unfnrn. ; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Elegant rooms; reason-
able rates; bath, gas, elevator; very central.
BRYANT, 430— Sunny rooms; reasonable; close
to Third and Townsend depot.
CHELSEA place. 4. off Bush, below Powell-
Large sunny newly furnished room in pri-
vate family. v
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double ran. ; $8, $10 mo.
DIAMOND, 40— Large well furnished front
room In sunny cottage surrounded by flowers.
EDDY, 623— For 2 or more gentlemen, elegantly
furnished sunny front bay-window suite, con-
necting bedroom; running water, bath, gas,
grate; private; references. ■'->'■•
EDDY, Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
ELLIS, 327— An elegantly furnished suite;
piano, light housekeeping; $30 per month.
FIFTEENTH. 1612. entrance Fifteenth St.—
let, a handsomely furnished sunny ! corner
suite of rooms; home comforts; must be seen
to be appreciated.
FOLSOM. 820, near Furnished rooms,
$1 par week.
FRANKLIN, Front suite rooms; use
kitchen and bath; rent $15.
FURNISHED rooms In all parts of city; sin-
gle, double and en suite. 1023 Market st.
GEARY, 622— Pretty, sunny bay-window front
room; running water; single rooms.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard—
Sunny rooms, moderate: also housekeeping:
GLOBE Housn, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4: reading-room; Howard cars.
GOUGH, 406, near Hayes— Sunny furnished
room. •
GUERRERO. Sunny bay-window front
alcove room, well furnished; cheap.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 959— A nice sunny room in a quiet
family for a young man; $4 a month.
KEARNY, 104 — Three unfurnished rooms and
bath; with private family, $15.
MARKET, 1211. near Sixth (Ellis House)—
Furnished rooms, $1 60 to $6 per week; tran-
sient.
MARKET, 1032— Thoroughly renovated; nicely
furnished sunny rooms; suites or single; suit-
able for doctor or offices; also housekeeping
rooms, $6 up.
MASON. 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
McALLISTER. 14— A few large sunny rooms;
studios, office, $7 month; suits $12.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 783— Large furnished front room.
MISSION, 1226 — Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front sunny suite; 1
or 2 beds; light housekeeping; single; water;
gas.
NINETEENTH, 4059, near Caatro— Elderly Ger-
man lady wishes small family to take part of
flat; near car linea.
OAK, 42 — Newly furnished sunny room.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; sunny single room, $7.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POLK, 1445, near California— Nice sunny un-
furnished parlor.
POST, 216 — 3 connecting sunny rooms, suitable
for offices or otherwise.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. I*4— Single and double rooms, $150
week up; complete housekeeping, $10 mo. up.
SOUTH PARK, 46— Nicely furnished front
room, T..th bath; new flat.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds, $10: sunny single room. $1 50.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:SO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want nd« taken.
ROOMS A.«i» BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new. cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Slrius, 1606 Stockton; Kearny cars
ELLIS, 618— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per ionth.
FOLSOM. 611— Bwedlah private boarding, with
room, $4 to $6 per week; nice location.
GOOD home In private French family; single
or en suite. 1011 Hayes st.
SCUTH PARK. lßJ—Good table board, $8 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 1128— Sunny BUite; single rooms; flrst-
class board; largegrounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
| SUTTER, 1128 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; board; home comforts; moderate.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
Bultes, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
1 .
$4 A MONTH: pitting and bedroom combined;
sunny: gentleman: furnished. Box 4497, Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW with a comfortable home would like
two children to board. 51 Clara st.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's rare; references. 2S4tj. Sixth at.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER ptore; 4 rooms and stable; rent $15;
22d-at. cars pass the door. 8>..l Twenty-fourth
St., corner of Vlcksburg.
SMALL store to let. between Laguna and Fell
sts. Inquire grocery, Hayes and Laguna sts.
STORE, 4 rooms and stable: corner Twenty-
fourth and Vicksburg sts; Twenty-second-st.
earn; rent $15.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK room. Emma Spreckels building, room
GOB, between 1 and 2 p. m.
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter st.,
rorner Leavenworth.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St, Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on th«
Yukon, the 1". M, fcimith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passenger*; before
making contracts call at general offloe, 630
Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $0 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
came as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in K^'od second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good, pianos for $3. $4 a.nd
$5 per month. SHERMAN CLAY & CO.,
Bteinway dealers t corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Franciaco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Qakja-nd-
IBSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicapo is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell at. Pianos, organs
and all otter musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary st.. agents Conover, Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1; new stocK: spe-
cial prices; easy terms; Inspection Invited.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices; terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& BON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st., agents for the
Checkering and other pianos.
A SPLENDID chance, but you must not delay;
a $450 piano, practically new, $175 cash; don't
wait. J. DEWING COMPANY, second floor
Flood building.
A STEIXWAY piano for $100; a Chlckering for
$90; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market St.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
NEW pianos rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO., SCO Hayes st.
BEST goods; lowest prices: easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO^ $125, $15"; agency famous
Haines Bros. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
GREAT bargains; Decker. Schubert, Stelnway.
Neuman, others. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllistei
St., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNAIiE plants; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and cure: no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 00 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 83
Grant a^e.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day, or no charge; restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees; 'cure, $5; pills, |1; when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
XI- W process: a great progress in medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or Instruments
used; restores in one day without fall; every
woman her own physician; away, disgrace;
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home; by the well known DR. POPPER. 31S
Kearny St.; pills and capsules. $1.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cauße)
in a few hours; snfe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules. $1;
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20« Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, |E; travelers h"!pfd instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to S. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
LADIES. Chlchpster's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: take
no .ther: send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles": lett'T by return mall; at
druggists. Chlcheater Cheiycal Co., Phiia,
DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care ond attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into gnod homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 807 Jones St.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Ui-lvlew
Hospital, N. V. ; d: 'eases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price
tl 50: RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clny St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OBOOCHD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mnson St.; pri-
vate home In confln<'mer.t ; competent physi-
cians anil nurses; trms. reos. Powell-st. cars.
DRS. DONOVAN. UN Folsom St., tnkes ladles
at her home In their confinement: terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
W'.men and children.
LADIES— MI*. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 2.V4H Fourth st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessl9 1132.
NEW YORK' dentists; painless extraction:
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver. 2T»c up; old plates made over. $1 up: all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission st:. cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no ■ charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new;' teeth
from $.8 per set: extracting We; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leekdent-
ifit, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN~VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
Of teeth, $5 up: fillings, SCc up; , ail work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL, 554 Suttr-r: crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldir.. Oth floor, rms. 603-UO7.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
'W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. I*4l Polk Ft. ■■/■,-.■
STORAGE. ; ~" ~
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission st. ; tel.. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FOR lawest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMANN
121 Sixth St.; open evenings. -
615 LARKIN Branch office of Th« CalL
Subscriptions and want nd« taken.
~~ PROPOSALS. -•.. ■- ■ ■
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS- Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School .of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby - griven that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24. 1593. for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
■ fcr the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. ..
Separate proposals will be i ocelved and I
separate contracts made for furnishing the \
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said ;
building, to wit: 1, For the masonry work, j
including all brick, : concrete <■ and cement '
work and all necessary excavations and flu- j
In* 2, for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter. !
postering, electric and glazing work; 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 6, for the
tinning and ealvan zed Iron work; 6. ; t?i
painting and varnishing. <
No proposal • will be considered unless ac-
companied with X bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his Proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal • shall be ac-
cepted .he will duly enter into a proper con-
Each proposal ;: must be made on blanks
furnished , for that purpose and. tcgether
with the above-mentioned bond. Inclosed In
a sealed envelope addressed to the Trustee* !
State Normal School of ban Diego, ;, with . an
Indorsement thereon snowing what portion or I
the building is - covered by the Inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered *to the Merchants' Na- ,
tional Bank of : Ban Diego California, befor.
10 o'clock a." m. of June M, IS3S. . •-.-. . \..r . ... .-
Said proposals ; will be publicly opened and i
contracts based thereon will •be made v. on
June 24. 13»3. at 10 o clock a. m.. at room M, \
Fisher Opera-house block. ,In San Diego, Cali-
fornia. * ' - ' ' ; ; '.' '■;' '. ' *':'" : :-5 --'..:.-;■; ■.• .
The contractors 'to whom contracts , are
awarded : will 'be required to file- with said '
board a ' irood ; and sufficient bond to . the !
amount of 25 per > cent of the ; contract price
for ■ the faithful and ; proper . performance . of '
;.'. his 'contract, l ,■■ '■,:.■■■ '_' ■■''[ ■•■ . : -;. .- ■ . ; : .:- ■
The ; plans ; and : specifications of said build-
Ing can be seen during business hours at th«
office of Hebbard A Gill, architects. Grant
building, ; San Diego. ; California. - .. --^.
The Board ,of .Trustees i reserves ■ the right
to reject any or all ; proposals made. : .
i " State Normal ! School of : San Diegro. Call-
fornia. »•-.?-- v; ■'■ •-' '■■ '■■--'' '-' r '-' -'-'•' ■■■- ■ ■■
By W R. GUY. . President Board Trustees.
P Attest! ROBERT C. JONES. Secreta™.
PERSONALS.
JOHN F. NOBLE, ex-Deputy U. S. Marshal,
and GEORGIA NOBLE, adiuster in the Mint
under Gen. La Grange, will receive valuable
information by addressing OSCAR T.
SHUCK, attorney-at-law, 50y Kearny St., San
Francisco.
JOHN T. DILWORTH, wheelwright, in San
Francleco last In 1886, and JOHX T. DIL-
WORTH JR., printer, or their heirs, will re-
ceive valuable information by addressing
OSCAR T. SHUCK, attorney at law. 509
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
MATRIMONY.
MARRY— Join our special department; money
refunded if not suited within six months;
send 12c for monthly matrimonial paper and
terms. "Wedding Bel!/' 11l Ellis St., S. F.
THE raclfic, 405 Gear}'— Only legitimate matri-
monial assn. west of Chicago ; details free.
BUSINESS 1 ERSOSALS.
PACIFIC Employment Offices will furnish you
with first-class male or female help; hours
7 a. m. to 9 p. m. 777 Market st.
I AM a first-class hair dresser. The very latest
styles of coiffures, 25c only. Good switches,
$1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy,
king, $;>. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. O.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
QT'INONIA hair tonic makes a. good head of
hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms.
2."c to $1 E0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest price*.
DOUGLASS. 1716 Central aye., nr. Bush st.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse; office heated. 579 Geary st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
SIRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 fcth St., Alameda,
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, etyliah dresses.
$o up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 88.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; xrhUe entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; uniteg the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. -to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market s». :
trance medium. Without asking a question
the tells the name of her callers; sha i»1!b
past, present and future correctly; tells ynur
ege and occupation; she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriages with the one of your choice; she
1 'Ptes buried treasures, removes evil influ-
ences and all long-standing ailments. Letters
with stamps enclosed promptly answered.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present ami future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MORJEAU. best medium and card
render; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth tt.
MME. HA VENA rends life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2,' c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny Et., room 2.
MME. SYRTLLE, cradle to grave: future hua-
bnnd's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. A XX A THOMAS, first In her pre-
fesslon; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
right. Me; fine music. 605 McAllister.,
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
? p. m., 2."c. 409 L«a yon worth st.
MRS. RT'TLER. reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control: hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MME. LX NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
Rittint^ daily. 212H Sixth st.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jess!e,9sS.
MRS. KLLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings $1; clr. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, teat and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton St.
M FRANCES, independent 3late-wrltlng me-
dium. US Halght st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings. Tues.. Thurs.,
Sat. at hall. 3"" Larktn St.; Mon., Wed., Fri.,
• residence. 313 Qesxy st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402 Vi Geary; hypnotism taugnt;
diplomas iFsued; diseases and habits cured.
HORSES.
WANTED— A good strong horse for laundry
wagon. 2241 Mission st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harne«; Grand Arcade Horw Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.: auction «al"s every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wngons, harness of all
kinds: 40 hnrses: mimt sell. Emporium Sales
Yanip, 22<i Valencia ft. T. P. NEWEU*
wagonsTand carriages.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
gp^ond-hand and new wagons: cheap. Bull's
Head Repository. Fifteenth an i Vairnela.
THREE-QUARTER end sprinf, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, plf.no body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk at.
SPKCIAL pale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
buld Harness Co., 211 Larktn, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagonß cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy: a)po 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., ORk-
land or Alamrda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$r* UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cont on real estate; 2d
and 8(1 mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery fct.. room 8.
OAKLAND leans on real estate secured
promptly; reasonable Interest and moderate
expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON; Real Es-
tate Broker, 479 Ninth st.. Oakland.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNTCLLI. 120 Powell st.
IIOf'.OOO TO loan on Income city property: $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWSN. 1415 Call bids.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 50S California st. —
$T>o TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. «2S Market st.
ON pianos, furnituie: no removal: lowest
rates; no com : private, llfi McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED —To borrow SiftOO on good paper
route: reference*. Address box 4457, Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real ertate. bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. M-AFKK BROS. IPS Montgomery St.
PA \V\ LI ROKER9.
E:E wise and bcrrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Miiwi" Ft., bet. Market and Eddy.
ATTOIINEYS AT L^W.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
Stack. 14 McAllister st.. room (54.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, ?27 Market St.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
BANCROFT, 2J47, Berkeley— Buritay, well-fur-
nished room? with board: fine view; five min-
utes to Berkeley station.
BICYCLES.
WANTED— Bicycle; second hand: state price,
eta. Box 445 L CalL
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN^UaWELIT"
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Must be sold by June L
$13,000— Fine 3-story building; store and flats;
extra large lot, 53x137:6; only partially im-
proved, aud rents $105; mortgage $10,500.
$1800— Eighteenth st., near Church; lot SSrlOO;
good 4-room cottage and bath.
$100 CASH, BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
$1500— Nice cottage on Diamond St., close to
Castro and Chenery; contains 6 room* and bath.
$6800— Broderick Bt., near California; 2 mod-
ern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; rent
$62 50; lot 27:6x85.
$-1250 — A fine new residence of 8 rooms and
bath. Just completed; all modern improve-
ments; latest p'umbing; lot 25x100; In select
neighborhood; Park Panhandle district; 117
Beulah St., near Shrader.
$8000— Folsom St., near Eighth; large lot, 50x
90, with 2-story house of 10 rooms; portion of lot
vacant.
$6500— Rents $780 per annum; new, handsome
flats, on best portion of Hayes st. ; short walk
from Market St.; large lot.
$4Soo— Offer wanted; rent $47; Pino «t., near
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottaga on rear street; lot has two
frontages.
$25,000— Golden Gate aye.; corner of prominent
street; large lot, 40x90; improvements consist
of flats and i stores; rents $177 50.
$S2so— Hayes st near Fillmore; handsome
flats of 6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each; lot
27:6x137:6; rent $75.
$3000— Tehama St.. near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing S rooms; also 2-story house
of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
A SELECTED LIST
OF CHEAP LOTS.
$250 and upward— Nice level lot? on Twenty-
sixth aye., close to Clement st. ; electric cars on
Clement st.; $50 cash, balance $10 monthly.
Another Bargain— s2.=>so; corner Hayes and
Clayton sts.; 20x106; must be sold to close an
estate.
Only $700— Douglass St., near Elizabeth; street
graded, sewered and macadamized; 25x125; easy
terms.
$2750— Price reduced; Fulton st., bet. Webster
and Fillmore; 25x137:6; nice neighborhood; a
good location for flats.
$1600— Cole St.. bet. Frederick and Waller;
25x100; street accepted; stone walks; only $300
cash required.
$2350— Baker St., bet. Oak and Page; over-
looking entrance to the Park Panhandle; very
sightly building lot.
$limo— Noe st., bet. Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth; 25x100.
$1000— Third aye., bet. Clement and Califor-
I nia sts.; best residence lots in Richmond; 25x
ICJ each: easy terms; $50 cash, $10 monthly.
$1400 — Frederick st., near Cole; sunny side;
lots on grade; growing locality; 25x100; only
$250 cash required.
$850 each — Two lots on California st., bet.
Eleventh and Twelfth ayes. ; 25x100 each.
$1000 — A^bargaln; Jackson St., near Cherry; ]
25x120; easy terms; street work done.
$1500 — Walnut st., near Sacramento; lot 32:7% j
x 87:6; small cash payment; street bituminlzed. j
$2000 — Van Ness aye., near Francisco st. ; 25x
100; street bituminlzed.
$1250— Carl St.. bet. Wlllard and Btanyan;
25x137:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$16,000 TO LOAN
AT 6 PER CENT.
Must be good San Francisco property.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
THIS IS A SNAP.
$9000— Corner Investment on Folsom St., and :
within 3 blocks of Kearny, Market and Third j
sts.; 3 substantial modern flats of 7, 7 and 6 j
rooms and bath each, which cost $15,000 to
build; rents |S1 per month: 25x100; owner lives !
in England, and has given positive orders to
sell. G. H. T'MBRBN & CO.^4 Montgomery.
ISO— 140x300; BLOCK IS3, Abbey Homestead As-
sociation, San Mateo County. CHARLES C.
FISHER. 624 Murket St.
HOUSE and lot for sale; lot 25x80; house 5
rooms. 21 Morris aye.
A—so-pageA — 50-page illustrated catalogue with map
free at A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
x I NTH. 167— Branch office of U-e Call, sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MODERN cottage in Berkeley for exchange
for country property; near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7Joo, Call office.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming Imple-
ments; 6 acres vines ; balance corn and
beans; good road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, , IG3 : Third.
TO exchange — Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for {1 50, postage
free. •
PROPERTY WANTED.
MODERN residence wanted; 7 to 10 rooms;
. north or west side of street on . Pacific or
•Presidio Heights: cost not to exceed $3000; :
state price and details. Address box 4003, Call. I
WANTED— A country home for a paying li-
quor business. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
20 acres near Santa Rosa; 10 acres in corn."' 6
acres in vineyard ; family orchard : stock and
tools; house and barn; will sell for HMO;
■nap. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco cot- i
tage, , house and lot centrally located. Ad-
dress! 902 Third St., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME modern cottage for sale in Fruit-
vale. Oakland, 5 rooms and lot 06:2-3x150, with
flowers and fruit galore; street sewered: price
to be fixed by buy owner is East and
must have money; $400 all that is required
at present: this Is a rare opportunity. WM. '
. M. DeWOI-F. 10:.S Broadwfty. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED cottage. Apply to-day at 1303
Baker st., near Geary, San Francisco.
CHESTNUT, 2023— New C- room cottage; neatly
furnished: piano; $30.
HOTEL WIL.SON. newly furnished and reno-
vated; under new' management: entire satis-
faction guaranteed ; American and European j
plan; the table Is a special feature: meals \'>2
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Euehler
& Co.. Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
. OAKLAND ROOMS.
UNFURNISHED rms. to rent Abrahamson bdg.
BE. cor. ISth A Wash: Abrahamaon Bros.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUITE of pleasant ,-' sunny rooms; running j
water; fireplaces; excellent board. MRS. -E.
W. MERILL, 1427 Franklin «t., Oakland. ■:
FINE gunny suite; also sunny single room; va- I
cant June 1. THE LORNE. G62 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FUR.MTUKE FOR SILK.
FURNITURE anl household goods this week.
SCHEI.LHAAS' old Ftnre. 40S Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMCDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. '
FIRST COME/FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE ; PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800. $2200, $2600. $3000.-
The above are lovely • cottages, - which . have
been . thrown : on the ; market ■ for - non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great ' racrtflce to closa accounts. They contain
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
| almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. ' • - - .
; We are ■ going to weed r them out. and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE * REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alamedn, and 628 Market St..
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays. ,
ALAMEDA , ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED rooms and board near beach. 1524
.;. Clinton aye., Alameda. ■-; ; "."■:■>
i / BERKELEY HOUSES. .
BEST, healthiest 'i place "on this coast; very i
; cheap to the ; right party; house, stable - and !
garden, In East Berkeley. Apply at Call. .r.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
- • Birth, marriage :. and death ; notices ■ sent . by
: mail will ;'-not"; '-not " be > Inserted, They ■■■ must be
handed: In at ' either iof I the publication offices
and be endorsed with the name ana residence of
parties authorized to have the same publlataed.
BORN.
AARON— To the wife of S. Aaron, a son.
BRUHNS— In this city. May 18. 1898, to the
wife of C. H. Bruhns, a son.
JRASSER— Near Georgetown, Cal., May 25.
IS9B, to the wife of William Grasser, a daugh-
ter.
GAFFNEY— In this city. May 80. 1898, to the
wife of Frank Gaffney, a daughter.
LEVENBERG— In this city, May 22, 1898, to
the wife of Louis Levenberg, a daughter.
OTTO— May 17, IS9S, to the. wife of R. W. Otto.
a daughter.
HOSLER— In Madera, May 24. IS9S. to the wife
of J. H. Hosier, a son.
TILLEY— Near Lodi. Cal., May 21. IS9B, to the
wife of Allen Alley, a son.
WORMSLEY— In this city, May 13. 1898, to the
wife of George E. Wormsley, a daughter.
MARRIED.
COLLINS— YERXA— May 29. IS9S, by the Rev.
Philip Graif, James Nelson Collins and Mrs.
Frances L. Ycrxa, both of Oakland.
COOK— GREENE— In this city. May 26, IS9B. at
the residence of the bride's mother, by the
Rev. George C. Adams, Asahel R. Cook of
Norwich, Conn., and Ida A. Greene of San
Francisco.
IcCVLLOCH— JONES— In San Jose. May 23,
I*9B, by the Rev. Dr. WakefleKl. Robert An-
derson McCulloch and Effle Belle Jones.
O'CONNOR— BREYFOGLE— In Madera. May
26, IS&S, by the Rev. W. B. McElwee, J. E\
O'Connor and Lillian Breyfogle.
WESTON— COOPER— In Mariposa, May 25,
1888, by the Rev. Henry Neate, Charles H.
Weston and Nellie Cooper.
UII.D.
Boyhan, Mary McGowan, Mrs. L.
Breen, Margaret Morrisy, William
Casey, Michael J. Olsen, Ada
Dehertogrle, Adrian ' Oviedo, Louis P.,
DoDOhoe, James Price. Mrs. Anita
Eccles. Robert S. Qulnlan. Dr. William
Ettinger. Marie Robinson. Bessie
Finn, Robert E. Schuur, Cnnnidlne
Grimes, Mre. Mary Smi<lth, Frank
Grove, J. H. Tolley, Nellie B.
Hoag. William L. Wrenn. Dr. Elizabeth
Letcher, Maud W. Wyss, Maria
BOYHAN— In this city. May 30, 1898, Mary,
beloved wife of John Boyhan, and mother of
Joseph Boyhnn, Mrs. M. J. Gorman and Mrs.
J. C. Daly, a native of BallbrigKan, County
Dublin, Ireland, aged 60 years. (New Haven
papers please copy.)
(C? r Friend3 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
8:.S0 o'clock, from her late residence. IMS
Twentieth street, thence to St. James Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her sou., commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BREEN-- In this city. May 30, ISM, Margaret,
only and beloved daughter of Jennie and the
lnte John P.reen, sister of William T. and
John J. Breen. and beloved niece of Mrs.
Philip Ryan. Mrs. T. Gagan and James, Pat-
rick ar.-.\ Michael Martin Foparty, a native
of San Francisco, aged 18 years 9 months and
14 "Jays.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1 1329% Dolores street, thence to St.
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of ncr soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • . -
CASEY— In this city. May 30. 1893. Michael J.
Casey, beloved father of • Frank and May
Casey, and Mrs. James Graham, a native of
Ireland, aged 54 years 9 months and 20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, MS Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where services will be
held at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DEHERTOGLE— In this city. May 29. 1898.
Adrian Dehertogle, beloved father of Frank,
■ Azaline, Adrienne and Lucy Dehertogle, a
native of Belgium, aged 53 years.
CTFrlencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
DONOHOE— Jn Santa Clara, May 2?, 1898,
James Pnnnhoe, a native of New York City,
aged 71 years.
ECCLEB— In this city. May 3", 1898. Robert S..
eldest and beloved son of John S. and Anna
M. Bcctes, a native at New York, aged 39
years. (New York papers please copy.)
tCTTh<; funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resl-
fleore of the parents, 3541 Mission street. In-
ttciaenl I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ETTIXOEK— In this city, May 29, 1858. Marie.
beloved wife of Max C. Ettinger, a native of
Strasshurg, Oermnny, aged 3' years.
FIXX -In this city. May 30, ISOS, Robert E.,
beloved son of James T. and Ellen Finn,
and brother of John M., Sister Mary Lor-
et?a, Jimoa W.. Thomas F.. Edward P..
William H., Joseph T.. Georse L... N°l!le J..
Julia M. and Francis B. Finn and Mrs. G.
B. Kennard, a native of San Francisco, aged
IS yean nnd R months.
ORIMES— In San Jose, May 27, IS9S. Mrs.
Mary Grimes, a native of Ohio, aged 59
years.
GROVE— In Chowchil'.a, May 21, KM. J. H.
Grove, a native of Virginia, aged 46 years.
HOAG— In Snn Jose. May 27, IS9S. William L.
Hoag, a native of New York, aged 65 years
6 months and 22 days.
LETCHER— In this city. May 29, IS9S, Maud
W., beloved wife of Beverly Letcher, and
daughter of George E. and Anna R. Welling-
ton, a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years
and 4 months.
(r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to rsttend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at ,2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parc-nt*, *1420 Sacramento street. In-
terment private.
IfcGOWAH— In Fresno. Mrs. Laura MoGowan,
a native of lowa, aged 43 years 5 months and
2 dnys.
MORRISY— In this city. May 29, 1898, William
Morrisy, a native of Ireland, aged 32 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— the officers and members of
Golden Gate Council No. 24, Y. M. I.: You
are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
our late brother. W. Morrisy, to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
Of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
J. A. DUNLEAYY, Pres.
F. D. BLANCH ARD. Cor. Sec.
OLSEN— In Alameda, May SO, IS9S, Ada. dearly
beloved wife of A. P. Olsen, and daughter of
T. H. B. Rosenberg, a native of. Santa Bar-
bara, Cal., aged 29 years and 6 months. - •.-
OVIEDO— In this city. May 30, 189 S. Louis P.
Oviedo, •M. P.. beloved hnsband of Alicia G.
Oviedo. son of Mrs. C. Ovledo. and brother
of Eliza C. Ovledo, a native of San Francisco,
ape<i 27 years 1 month and 12 days. . . ■,
ITT" Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. Valencia street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolor** Church, corner Sixteenth . and
Dolores streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose. of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— To the officers and members fit Ror-
romean Council No. 129, Y. M. I.: You are
hereby notified T to . assemble to-morrow
(Wednesday), at !> o'clock, at 297 Valencia
street for the ' purpose of attending the fu-
neral of (lir late brother. Dr. Louis P.
Oviedo .TAMES A. RILEY. Pres.
harry McCarthy, gee.
PRICE— San Jose, May 2S. IS9S, Miss "Anita
Price, a native of California. aged 65 years. -
QUINLAN— In this city. May SO, ISPS. Dr. Wil- .
Ham J. Qulnlan. beloved : brother of Thomas
J. and ' Jeremiah M. Qulnl.in, a native of Dun-
kirk, N. V., aged 40 ' years.
|C7"The funeral will take place this day/
(Tuesday), nt 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment private.
ROBINSON— In thl3 city, May 30, 1898, Bessie,
beloved daughter of Thomas B. and Carrie
Robinson, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years and 6 months.
SCHUUR— In this city, May 29. IS9B, Con-
radine, dearly beloved wife of the late John
11. Schuur, mother of William J. Schuur. and
sister of Bf-rnhard ' RodenV.eck. a native of
Emden, ; Hanover, . Germany, aged 49 years
and 5 months. ■--■.: '•■■■-.'.
ITTFr'endF and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, GIS Lombard street. Members of Hoff- :
nunp Lodge No. 1. Order of Hermann's Sons-
Sisters, are ' respectfully invited to attend.
Interment Odd Fellows', Cemetery- ' " »"
SMIDTH— Near Whitloclra. May 21. 1893. Frank .
Smidth, ■'■ a native of Prussia, aged about 28
'. years.
TOLLEY— In this ctly. May SO. 1595, Nellie B. ,
Tolley, beloved daughter of Mrs. C. Moffltt.
and sister of Mrs. D. S. Rrownley. a native of
Portland, Or., aged 21 years 1 month and 27
days. •'■: •
WREXX —In Placervllle. . May 23. 1898, Dr.
Elizabeth K. Wrenn, a native of, Germany,
nged 53 years 1 month and IS days.
WYSS— • this . city. May .23. 189 S. Maria, .
■ clearly beloved wife of Paul "Wyss. dearly be-
loved mother " of ; Paulina and Alfred Wyss,
and sister of John and Jacob Merster of Sac- "•■
ramento and Mary Bias! of; Switzerland, ■ a
native of .Canton ; Salothurn. Switzerland.
a^erl 72 years 2 months and 20 days. : ■ •
"[^?"Frl»nd9 and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Wednesday), 'at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 269 Fell street, thence to St. -Boni-
face Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where . a ' solemn • requiem high "■ mass ;
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing .at ,9; o'clock. Interment Holy :
Cross Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EiiBALMBRi I
.) ■:; 20 WITH ST., Lincoln Sahojl. '•■ : ; I
■ Jv - - JTelephone^outh 80. ■■■"'■■■■■>• . 9 •
JAB. ENGLISH. " ■ T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND X EMBALMEKa
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
•41 Van NeBB-ave.," near; Market at.. Baa
Francisco. Telephone S"- m
V A
1112
CONVENTION
OF REPUBLICAN
STATE CLUBS
Many Delegates From All
Parts of the State Ar=
rived Yesterday.
Colonel Stone Will Probably Be
Chosen President of the
I'he convention of the State League of
Republican Clubs at Golden Gate Hall
thlß afternoon promises to be one of the
most successful political gatherings ever
held In this city. Tt is expected that It
will be attended by at lease 700 delegates
from all sections of the State. Quite a
number of the delegates arrived here
yesterday and were met at the ferry
landing by tne reception committee ap
pointed by the local clubs. They were
escorted to the headquarters of the
league at the Baldwin Hotel.
The convention will be called to order
et 1 o'clock this afternoon, but It Is not
expected that any business other than
the appointing of temporary officers and
a committee on credentials will be trans
acted. It is probable that an adjourn
ment will then be taken until Wednesday
morning, when the permanent officers of
the convention will be elected. After the
permanent organization of the conven
tion the most important work to be trans
acted Is the election of the new State offi
cers and the selection of thlrty-eierht del
egates to the National convention of Re
publican Clubs to be held July 13 at
Omaha.
It was at one time thought that there
would be quite a fight over the president
of the State League, but It was generally
conceded last night that the r> ace would
go t«"> Colonel George Stone of the Union
League. The members of the Phoe
r,ix Club of this city wanted Gen
eral A. L. Hart 10 enter the race, but
he declined, as he felt thai business mat-
ters would prevent him from giving the
required time and attention to the league.
A. \V. Kinney of Lob -n.ngeles, who is now
president of the State .League, was urged
by his friends to seek re-election, but he
declined. Colonel Stone has in conse
quence an almost clear field, as there is
but one candidate against him. K. M.
Galvin, chairman of the local reception
committee, has announced himself as a
candidate for the office, but he has little
following outside of personal friends in
this city. The majority of the delegates
from the interior are in favor of Colonel
Stone, and he will be elected on the first
ballot unless something unforeseen hap
pens.
There Is quite a scramble for the office
of secretary. Oscar Tolle, a Deputy
County Clerk; Hamilton J. Rlggins and
A. de la Torre are willing to serve. Tolie,
who is clerk of Judge Cook's court, has
many strong political friends behind him.
and, like in the case of CcloneJ^ Stone, it
is almost certain that the first ballot will
show him to be the victor.
That the next convention is to be held
In Los Angeles is conceded. Some of the
delegates from Sacramento at first in
tended making a fight for the convention,
but afterwards concluded that it was In
advisable. The Southern delegates came
here united on the Los Angeles tight and j
the Sacramentans soon discovered that it ;
would not be wise to give them battle.
The people of Sacramento are looking for
ward to securing the next Republican j
State nominating convention. By now al- !
lowing the claims of Los Angeles for the !
convention of clubs to go undisputed, they j
expect to receive support from "south of <
Tehachapi" when they go before the State
central committee.
The delegates from Los Angeles want
more than the next convention of the
State League of Clubs. They will ask to
lie given the vice-president of the State
league, and the indications are that they
will not be disappointed. The delegation |
will meet this morning with other repre- ;
sentatives from the southern part of the |
State to decide upon a candidate.
"While Sacramento, Los Angeles and this
city are figuring out just what offices
they want, Alameda County is not be
hind. The Alamedans believe that they
are entitled to a State officer and will
concentrate all their efforts in securing
the Treasurer.
The delegates -will meet at the Baldwin i
Hotel at 12:30 o'clock to-day and march in a
body to Golden Gate Hall. A band will
be In attendance and the members of the |
local Republican clubs will act as an es- :
cort guard;
A mass meeting will be held at the hall I
this evening, when prominent speakers
will discuss the political issues of the day.
nrey L. Ford will act as chairman. The
gallery will be reserved until 8 o'clock
for ladies and their escorts.
The San Joaquin County delegation will j
caucus at the Baldwin at 10 o'clock this |
morning, and the Second Congressional i
District will caucus at 11 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* Roberudale, P».' U
1 6aw your advertisement of Cdticdra
Remedies in the Philadelphia " Record," and
paid only $2.00 for Coticcra Resolvent,
CtrricrTßA (ointment), and Cuticcka Soap,
which cured me of Salt Rheum on my hand*
of 20 years' Handing.
I had the worst hands I have ever Been.
At first my hands and fingers broke out in
red, watery blisters with terrible itching, so I
could nearly twitch the skin off my fingers in
agony, then after the watery fluid would come
out, there would a scab form with matter un-
der it, which would peel off and come in great
cracks, the blood running out in streams.
My finger nails grew out in wrinkles like a
cow's horns and the roots of the nails were so
affected that I lost six nails, three off each
hand, but now they have grown out nice and
smooth. lam very thankful to you for Crm-
cuba. B. R. MILLER, Robertsdale, Pa.
* ECZEMA and every kind of torturing, hntnlli-
•ting, dlfflgurlng, itching, burning, bleeding, and
scaly skin, scalp, and blood humors, with loss ol
hair. Is Instantly relieved and speedily cured by
warn baths with CUTICUnA SOAP, gentle "
anointings with CUTICURA (ointment), purest ot
emollient skin euros, • followed by mild closes '
< f CUTICUHA RESOLVENT, frreatcst of blood I
I>url flora and humor cares, when all else falls.
L"^" T>fiV9 ax» Cm. Co»f .. Sole Prop«., Be«hm.
*?- " How to Our. Irttj1 rttj Kind of Ecjem*," null*!
League.
The Phoenix Club of this city will b<
represented by the following delegates:
C. F. Curry, A. L. Hart, Thomas D
Riordan, John A. McKenna, T. V. Eddy
T. C. Maher, J. Hoesch, Fred Wallace, J
X. K. Wilson, A. W. Branch, Thomas Me
j L-ermott, Ai. II. Smith, G. Bacigalupi, A
; J. Martin, H. Burdell. A. "Watson, C. II.
j Cleve, John Tuttle, E. F. Kerrigan, F.
Hageman. S. Shahen, James Daly, J. M.
Chretien, Thomas Menton. G. Fredericks,
! D. \V. McNeil, F. Rothganger, G. T.
! Covey, W. E. Mahew, W. H. Chapman,
H. Lewis, G. W. Lee, W. HoUan.i, F.
Frey, T. Eagan, H. Schnier, T. Crane, T.
R. Sullivan, J. J. O'Conner. R. S. Cleve,
A. B. Southard, W. H. R. McMartln, W.
C. R;Usch, J. J. Hourigan.
The delegates from the Sixth Congres
sional district met In caucus last night
and decided to recommend the following
of their number for places on the several
committees: Credentials— John C. Wray,
Ventura; B. N. Smith, Los Angeles. Res
olutions—Clio L. Lloyd, Santa Barbara;
S. M. Haskell, Pomona.
Time and place of holding next conven
tion— James McLachlan, Los Angeles; N.
Blackstuck. Ventura.
Constitution and by-laws— Brodner "W.
Lee, Los Angeles; W. II. Barnes, Ven
tura.
Order of business— R. N. Bulla.
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Central Republican League of
San Francisco the following delegates
were elected to represent the league at
the convention: M. C. Allen, Dr. E. M.
Torollo, H. C. Henderson, T. H. Mc-
Carthy, TV. A. S. Nicholson, Joseph Thei
sen, Charles E. Fredericks, P. A. Ber
gerot. Colonel J. H. Roberts, Robert Ash,
Walter E. McCreery, A. A. Borllni,
Colonel C. Mason Kinne. William 11.
Schooler, J. B. Boyle, I. J. Truman.
A SIGNIFICANT VISIT.
F. A. Wadleigh of the Rio Grande
Railway Will Take a Hand in
the Rate War.
An arrival which appears to be of spe
cial significance in railroad circles at the
present time is that of F. A. Wadleigh.
general passenger agent of the Rio
Grande and Western Railway, who came
in on the overland on Sunday from Salt
Lake City and registered at the Palace.
Though Mr. Wadleigh was extremely
reticent about the purport of his visit,
saying that it was merely for pleasure,
still it is believed that he has come to
have a conference with the Southern Pa
cific passenger officials, having, for its
object the reduction of second class rates
via the Ogden gateway. Mr. Wadleigh
said that he was unaware that the South
ern Pacific had cut second ciass rates via
Mojave, 121 Paso and New Orleans until
informed of it by W. H. Snedaker, who
met him up the road, and stated emphat
ically that he had not come with the ob
ject of inducing the Southern Pacific to
include the routings via Ogrh-n in the re
ductions, although he said candidly: "I
will go and see Mr, Goodman, the general
passenger agent of the Southern Pacific
Company, and have a talk with him."
« hat the subject of conversation be
tween the two officials will be is not
known, but it will most probably be on
the lines just mentioned.
What appears to have been the diffi
culty all along in the cutting of rates via
Ogden has been the declaration of the
Southern Pacific Company to its (igfl.-n
connections that in the event of a reduc
tion in rates it would exact a higher per
centage as its share of the haul to Og
den. For instance, at present it receives
46 per cent on $40, the late to points on
the Missouri River, thus making its pro
portion of the haul to Ogden $1S 40. If the
rates to go into effect on June 5 were to
ann]y via Ogden it would only get tU 'W
as its share. This has been the bone of
contention and it is expected that Mr.
Wadleigh may arrange some way out of
the difficulty, and so allow his "line and
others out of Ogden to participate in the
increased business derived by the reduc
tion of rates, and a bitter fight with the
Canadian Pacific will be the result.
A Pioneer at Rest.
It is seldom that the passing- of a
; pioneer of this State has brought out more
! genuine expressions of sorrow than that
of the late William Murphy, whose fun- :
I eral took place from Ocean View on Sun-
I day. It was the largest cortege that ever j
j went from that locality to Holy Cross
! Cemetery. The deceased lived and reared
I a family in the house where he died, and
I consequently for more than twenty years
j he was known to all the country round
about. He was generous to a fault and
counted every one as his friend. He leaves
a widow and four children. A pretty ,
tribute was paid to his memory by Father
Cooper of St. Michael's Church.
The deceased was 52 years of age and
came to California almost directly from I
Ireland when but a boy. He was mar
ried in this State and has never left it !
Bince his arrival. He was fond of dogs
and his principal diversion from business
was in coursing. The only society that j
I Mr. Murphy belonged to was the Order of
I Foresters of America. He was a member
!of Court Farallone. The pall bear
j ers were: John D. Daly, Martin Fraglev '
, Senator J. D. Burns. E. B. Lastlck Jr. W j
I H. Kenney, Walter Van Bergen, Emmett '
| Sullivan and E. S. Casserly.
Unions Against General Otis.
The following resolution was unani
mously passed by the San Francisco
Typographical Union at Its meeting on
Sunday, May 29:
Resolved, That President McKinley, In ap
pointing that notorious enemy of labor Har
rtßon O. Otis of LO9 Angeles, as a brlgadl*>r
gMieral, has oftVred a deadly lnnult to every
member of every labor organization in the
United States, and especially to the Inter
national Typographical Union; that every
United States Senator who may vote for con
firming- that appointment is equally an enemy
of labor and therefore a trHltor to the nation
C. E. HAWKES. President
W. B. BENOIST, Secretary.
1 • '
Delegates Elected.
At a meeting of the McKinley Club of
the Forty-second District, held at 1234 Pa
cific street on Friday evening last, the
following delegates were elected to the
convention to be held on May 31: John F
Cine, Joseph Murray, John B. Reilly.
William B. Colliffan, Charles Wood-
ChTr^ l Om ( Bebailll) - H. Schultz and
Charles Easton.
— » ♦ . ___
Orders for New Battle-Ships,
NEW YORK. May 30.— The Navy
Department is preparing to call upon
shipbuilders to prepare to build the i
three battleships authorized by the
present session of Congress, with a
limit of cost, excluding armament and
armor, of $3,000,000 each. One of the
battleships will be built by the Scotta
at fean Francisco.
Death of Lord Playfalr.
LONDON. May 30.— Baron Lyonel Play
fair, political economist, civil service re
former and parliamentarian, died In this
city yesterday. Lord Playfair's third !
wife, who survive* him. was Miss Edith
Rusßell, daughter of the late H. S. Rus
sell of Boston, Mass.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 31, 1898.
OLYMPICS
WIN AGAIN
Carry Off the Bluerock
Team Medal.
THE CONTEST WAS FINAL
CONCLUSION OF THE ASSOCIA
TION'S TOURNAMENT.
Two of the Events Produced Ties
Which Were Hard Pressed.
Good Money in the
Cash Prizes.
The second and last day's shoot of the
California Inanimate Target Association
tournament at Ingleside brought out al
most as many lovers of the gun and the
flying disc as the first. The tournament
on the whole wa*> a success, and so sat
isfied were those who participated there
in that the majority will be fixed and
ready for the live bird tournament that
will be held in San Francisco at the last
of the week. One X>t the principal events
of the day was the team contest of six
men from each club for the association's
trophy. Six clubs entered their best shots,
but it was the Olympic Gun Club that j
carried off the prize, which now becomes j
the permanent property of that body, the
trophy having been won three times by
teams from the Olympic's ranks. The
winning team made the excellent record
of 110 breaks out of 120 discs thrown from
the traps. In addition to winning the
prize the skillful gunners will receive gold !
buttons inscribed in memory of the vie- i
tory.
The first and second events were fifteen
Binaries, with $10 added and the cash divid
ed into three prizes. The third event was
a contest for the Golcher individual
trophy, twenty singles, with $40 added,
the money being divided Into four prizes.
The prize must be shot for three times.
In this match O. Feudner, P. Fuedner, H.
Jostlns and F. Merrill tied on breaking j
nineteeen clays. On the shoot-off on the j
tie Justin was the high man and winner i
on eighteen breaks. The fourth event was j
for the association's individual champion- j
ship medal, which must be won three '
times before It becomes the property of !
a winner. A purse of {50, divided in four;
prizes, was added. This was a very
closely contested match, for Nauman,
Jones and Hobson tied on nineteen bieaks.
Nauman won on the shoot-off with eight
een breaks. The lii'ih event was on twen
ty singles, with (10 added, for f>>ur prizes.
The sixth event was on fifteen singles,
with Jij added, for three prizes. Annexed
are the names of the shooters, the num
ber of bluerocks, events and the scores
made:
NAME.
2. S .:
! |: :
I ! I
-r t
sis!
IT 11.I 1 .
■ '
[i ;
I
i.i '. !• euaner
I Xauraan ■
I Webb *.
Haight
I W. J. Golf her
j F. Feudner
; Leighton
i Trombone
; Vaughn
; White
Ju^tlns
i Owen
F. Vernon
! C Grant
; Xeustadter
Jones
; wards
Chestnut
j Fllckinger
; Bekeart
Robertson
; Franzen
'* Klevesahl
| Hyde I
! Hartley ■
■ Ross „ :
i Hug'-ne. Foster !
Mcßae
Mitchell
Andruw
McCutchen
Sears
F. W. King
1 Kicklefson .
J. Taylor
Wills
I Varlan
I Iluie
H.iuer
J. M. Taylor
Haas
I Judy
i C. Merrill
I-« infers
F. Merrill
Ft. L. King
Carroll
Heidelberg
Hobson
; Leon
Shackelton
Javette
Price
Work
Grubb
H..etlini?
H. Vernon
Debenham
F. Grant
Daniels
Colt
Edgar Foster
.11 12 i 19 i
. 13 13 ; 16
15 14 i 15
. 14 14 14
. 11 |11 17 i
. 11 j 12 19 l
. 14 15 IS
. 13 13 17
. 11 12 14
.10 9 14
.10 8 1!*
.11 9 13
. 11 10 8 1
. 5 10 14 '
. 9 11 16 j
.10 8 13 I
. 9 11 17
. 12 10 14 !
. 12 14 14 ,
13 8 17
. 7 11 17 '
. 11 10 M
.13 13 , 17
. 14 13 16
. 12 11 15
12 14 16
I 11 11 17
li! It 12
13 12 17
9 ! 13 12
13 I 11 12
11 14 18
11 | 9 15
13 9 14
8 ! 8 11
- 9 10 15
10 34 17
6 6 10
9 7 ....
11 9 13
I 12 10 15i
12 12 17
13 12 14
12 ! 8 16
13 I 12 19
U 11 16
9 13 15
15 I 12 16
10 8 16
11 11 9
15
13
16
:::: :::: g .
11
; 8
!
17 18
19 17
; 16 16
16 17
; 16 ! 12
: 17 | 16
13 15
16 15 j
15 14 !
10 13
12 13
10 11
I 10 10
12 i 19
17 17
I 19 I 14
: 16 ; 13
. 11 I 7
i IS i 16
13 16
15 13
16 16
18 15
15 20
16 14
16 15
15 13
14 14
16 19
12 14
13 13
16 16
16 18
13 14
11 12
if "iV
i 11
14
14
14
12
I 14
I 13
i 11
I 12
11
8
9
9
10
9
8
12
9
11
13
14
11
11
11
9
11
9
io'
10
15'
10
12
10
....
14
9 10
1 15 16
16 14 I
17 16
16 17
15 15
17 16
15 14
16 14
19 18
16 14
12' '.'.'.'. !
J 14
is' 'i 3' '
13 16 .
18 I 19
15 ! 17
15 15
7 8
18 18
....
9
10
7
10
10
11
12
8
13 .
8
13
io'
'l 3*
11
12
7
9
i. ...........
::::::::::
............
I'iiTiiTii'
As stated, the Olympics carried off the
trophy in the six-man team contest The
second high team, from the Empire Gun
Club, received $21, and the next high the
team from the Lincoln Gun Club re
ceived $15. The scores were as follows:
Olympic Team— O. Feudner 19 Xauman 2n
Webb 17. _Hal*ht. 19. W. J. ■ dolchVr " f
]• eudner 17. Total, 110. • '
Stockton Team— Judy 17. Haas 17. C. Merrill
14, lingers 13, F. Merrill 16. Total 92
Empire Team— Klevesahl 19, Debenham 14
Toufl M "' Mltche " 16 - Rloklefton 14.'
-Lincoln Team-Beckeart 16, Franzen 16 Dan
els 14 Edgar Foster 17. Robertson 19. ■ FTirk
lnger 14. Total. 96. tu ™
The Inanimate Target Association held
a final meeting at the Occidental Hotel
last night for the purpose of distributing
prizes won at their B!xth annual tourna*
ment. The following were th* winners In
the various events:
E. T. Allen Cup-Otto Faudner, with "a
straight soore of 20/ ' wlt ° a
Olympic Gun Club Medal— O. M Judy of vi
salia.-with a straight score of 20
G Id 19 Dust Diamond Medal— Otto Feudner.
_Roos thre* men team trophy— Olympic «3un
Club team No 1. consisting of Otto Feudner
C. Nauman and A. J. Webb. Score 71 out of
POSPIDIC iii.
"(Richer 1 ' Individual Trophy-Otto Feudner,
F. Feudner. H. Justlns and F. Merrill tied
with 19 each. The shoot-off was won by H
Justins with a score of 18.
_ Association Medal-C. Nauman, second time.
bcore ly.
The association six men . team trophy was
won by the Olympic Gun Club team with a
score of 110. ? mplre Gun Club team won
second prize of $21, with' a score of 97 The
Uncoms won third prize of $15, with a score
An extra prize, a Smith jrun - was ' won by
Dr. Blade. The following are some W n the
highest averages: C. Nauman 87 7-19 winning
$10; Otto Feudner, 85 16-19, winning 17-r a
Haight. 86 5-19; W. Sears, S4 4-19 A J Webb
S3 13-19; -Trombone." 83 13-19- FrM Feudner"
82 2-9; A. Fllrkingor. X] 1-it * eudner.
CAME FROM WISCONSIN.
Eddie Mattison, a Boy, Wants to
Reach Los Angeles.
Eddie Mattison. a bright boy. 15 years of
ape, applied at police headquarters yes
terday for assistance to enable him to
rearh Los Angeles, where he has many
friends. He got shelter in the City Prison
till to-day, when he will be turned over to
the Mayor.
The boy states that he was taken from
Lew Angeles over a year a R o by his three
elder brothers to Wisconsin, where their
grandmother lives. They "beat" their
way. his brothers compelling him to do
the. hard work in providing food and shel
ter during the trip. >fter remaining in
Wisconsin for six months the hoy got dis
gusted with the way in which his brothers
acted and started to get back to Los An
geles. He stopped over at different
places on the mad and obtained work,
and by that means was able to pay his
fare part of the way. He arrived here
last Friday, but his funds gave out and
he is now stranded.
L*dlM' tajlor-made «ult»; latent dnnlgna; w«
Sire credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6ft 7.
SIITRO MAY
NOW RECOVER
Hope Held Out for the
Ex-Mayor.
RETURN OF MENTAL VIGOR
HAS RECENTLY SHOWN MUCH
IMPROVEMENT.
What Was Supposed to Be an Incut
able Mental Malady May Prove
to Be a Temporary Ail
ment.
The relatives of ex-Mayor Adolph Su
tro are rejoicing over the possibility
now held forth that the old gentleman
may wholly recover from the malady
from which he has been suffering. Dur
ing the past few days he has regained
to some extent the use of his mental
factultles, and this fact has given added
strength to the belief that he will In
the near future be in the enjoyment
of his normal mental vigor.
Those who have watched over the ex-
Mayor since he was stricken down
many months ago say that the im
provement in his health dates from the
time he was taken from Sutro Heights
to the home of his daughter, Dr. Emma
Merritt. on Van Ness avenue, a few
weeks ago. Yesterday the invalid was
sufficiently strong to leave his couch
and sit by the window to watch the
passing of a body of troops on their
way to the camp at the old Bay Dis
trict track. He also sent to the Heights
for one of his confidential servants and
discussed with him the details of some
business affair, to which his mind has
been a blank for a long period.
The physicians who have been in at
tendance on the ex-Mayor have all
along believed that his malady was in
curable. The favorable change In his
condition that has occurred within the
past few days is therefore hailed with
much rejoicing by his friends and rela
tives.
NEW YORKERS WERE
DUPED BY ACTORS.
WIFE OF AN ENGLISH LORD'S
SON IN A NEW ROLE.
Mrs. Clauie Barry Tells of the Rela
tions Between Her Husband
and Mrs. Ethel Hertslet.
A highly sensational story was re
cently published in the New York Journal
and reproduced Jn Its local adjunct to
the effect that Mr. and Mrs. Claude
Barry, members of the theatricaJ profes
sion, were starving to death in an East
Side tenement in New York city. The
immediate result of the publication in
New York was that charitably disposed
people came to the assistance of the un
fortunate couple, and soon tha lady was
offered engagements by no less than
seven managers and the alleged husband
was given a position as accountant In
some business house. Now while the
starring to death item was doubtless
true, it is not true that the two unfor
tunates were husband and wife, for the
real wife is living in most straitt-ned cir
cumstances In this city, by reason of the
duplicity of Claude Barry.
In a simple way yesterday Mrs. Edith
Barry told the true facts of the case,
which appear to have been much garbled
in the publication named. Hers was a
pathetic story, and it would seem that
she and not the guilty couple is entitl<-<1
to the charity which has been lav
on the wreckers of her life's liappln-s.-.
She briefly related her story, as follows:
"My name is Mrs. Edith Barry and 1
am the legitimate wife of the Claude
Barry of the starving to death •■;■
The woman with him was formerly a
Misa Ethel Harry, who sonu- fifteen years
:ig>> married Qerald Spencer Hertslet, the
son of Sir Kuward Hortslet, at one time
head of the Foreign office in England.
In I&SS I came out to California as a com
panion to Mrs. Hertslet. Her husband
had gone into farming in Lake Count-.-,
but in his case it proved a failure, a fact
widely published at the time. Claude
Barry, a second cousin of Mrs. Hertslet,
came here from England also in 1887, and
in ISBB hn and I were married. We also
tilled the soil, but were equally as un
successful as the Hertslets.
"Finally we all returned to San Fran
clsco, Mr. Hertslet accepting an engrigo
ment in the local theaters. Mrs. Hertslet
returned to England with her three chil
dren, anil after leaving them in care of
her mot her she came to this city and
Jotned her husband's company, both be
ing more or less successful hero and in
the interior. Finally, on returning to this
city, the Hertslets decided to separate
temporarily, though amicably, as pros
pects for them were not of the brightest,
and about that time my husband .-ir.ii I
also agreed to live apart for various rea
sons. It was then that my troubles com
menced, for .Mrs. Hertslet and Claude
Barry began to keep company, at first
secretly and then openly. They were to
gether at all times, often passing me In
the street unrecognized. I suffered in si
lence for a long while, until my husband
brought suit for divorce from me.
"On my filing a cross-complaint through
Attorneys Knight and Heggerty, who had
generously volunteered their services, my
husband, now recognizing that I would
flpht him to the bitter end, one day dis
appeared from this city, and the next
I heard of him was the fact of his starv
ing to death In New York city, a fate
he richly deserved. With him was his
alleged wife, who is none other than Mrs.
Hertslet. They are not married, for my
husband and I have never been divorcee
and I will not allow him to get one. Ger
aid Hertslet has sued for a divorce from
his wife, on certain statutory ground
but the case has not as yet come to tria
So it is a self-evident fact that Claud
Barry and Ethel Hertslet are living to
gether in open criminality and the sym
pathy of a charitable public has bee
misapplied. Through Claude Barry
negligence T have been sick nigh unt
death (having spent seven weeks in th
hospital), with the barest necessities o
life as my portion, and I can but bit
terly denounce the duplicity of a ma
who" had promised to care for me In life.
RED MEN'S JUBILEE.
Arrangements for the Celebration of
the Fiftieth Anniversary of the
Great Council.
The members of the Improved Order of
Red Men are making active preparations
for the celebration on the Fourth of July
of the fiftieth anniversary of the institu
tion of the Great Council of the United
States. There was a meeting- last Satur
day evening in the big wigwam on Post
street of the general committee, consist
ing of three members, from the local
tribes, those across the hay and from the
rounclls of the Degree of Pocahontas. C.
P. Rurgman, the great chief of records,
presided. During the evening it was an
nounced that an effort was being made to
Becure one hundred horsemen to take part
in the parade. These will be attired in
Indian costumes, and, together with about
nine hundred members of the order in re
galia and throe floats to represent the
Northern Indians, another to represent
the Southern Indians, and a third to rep
resent the hunters" period, will make up
one of the divisions of the Fourth of July
parade.
Tn the evening there will be a grand ball
in Native Sons 1 Hall.
The several tribes have already made
liberal contributions to defray tne ex
penses of the Jubilee celebration, and the
Indications point to a grand display.
WILL FLY THE
AMERICAN FLAG
Steamers Zealandia and
China so Honored.
BOTH WILL CARRY TROOPS
ARRIVAL OF THE FILIBUSTER
ING STEAMER LAURADA.
No More Will She Carry Arms and
Ammunition to the Cubans,
But Gold Hunters to
St. Michael.
>
Another twenty-four hours will see two
fine ocean steamers added to America's
merchant marine. The Oceanic Steam
ship Company's Zealandia and the Pacific
Mall Company's China are both to re
ceive American registry, and when they
leave for Manila with troops will fly the
stars and stripes. Both are splendid ves
sels of their class, the China being t..e
fastest and best equipped steamer that
comes to this port.
The China and Zealandia were both
built Jn Glasgow, and for a number of
years flew the British flag. The Zealandla
before being- taken off the Australian
trade, was put under the Hawaiian flag,
and last year, after considerable trouble,
the China also obtained a Hawaiian
registry. The United States Inspectors
of Hulls and Boilers are now examining
the steamers, and as soon as their report
is made the Hawaiian flag will be hauled
down and the stars and stripes will be
ruised over each steamer.
The China is 4940 tons gross and 2401
tons net burden, 440 feet 4 inches long, 48
feet 1 inch broad and 32 feet 8 inches
deep. The Zealandia is 24Sb tons gross and
1713 tons net burden, 377 feet long, 37 feet
1 in h broad and IS feet 6 inches deep.
Both steamers are rigged as four-masted
barks and carry quite a spread of canvas.
The work of getting the steamers ready
to carry passengers began yester
; day. Both will be ready by the end
. of the week, but it will probably be the
latter part of next week before they get
away for the Philippines.
The officers of the Naval Battalion are
all working night and day getting ready
for their examination, which is to take
place this week. Physically they have
satisfied the demands of Uncle Sam's
physicians, but now they have to pre
sent themselves at Mare Island and
satisfy the examining- board as to their
proficiency in navigation and seamanship.
Of the rank and file 136 men have been
given a year's leave of absence by the
State, and they will be examined as to
their physical qualifications a t 10 Cali
fornia street to-day. Saturday four of the '
I'nys were examined and only one of
them came up to the requirements. The
other candidates will have to do better
than that, or else the whole battalion will
have to be examined before the men
wanted are secured.
The famous filibustering steamer L,aur
ada, arrived from Philadelphia yesterday, j
Many a time Captain Scott and his yes- !
sel evaded the vigilant watch kept by the !
Spanish gunboats and landed arms and
ammunition on the Cuban coast. Once
the vessel was seized by Uncie Sam's offi
cers, but as nothing couid be proved !
against the vessel she was released.
When the days of nubustering- were
about over the Liaurada was sold to the
Boston and Alaska Transportation Com
pany and has come out here to carry gold
hunters to St. Michael. It took her thirty- '
six days to steam from Philadelphia to i
Sandy Point, at the entrance to the j
Straits of Magellan, and from that point
the run was made to San Francisco in
thirty-seven days. It is a long time for a
14-knot steamer to take to cover the dis
tance, but then Captain Scott was not
burning any more coal than the law al
lowed.
Quite a fleet of sailing vessels made
port yesterday. Among them was the
bark Sea King; from Newcastle, N.. S. W.
It took her UK', days to get here, which is
j the longest trip this season. The vessel
is very foul through having been a long
| time off the drydock, and besides she en
j countered nothing but light winds and
calms throughout the passage. Other
I vessels that got in were the bark Albert,
18 .lays from Honolulu; the schooners Al
len A. I! 1 days from Kahului, and Defi
ance, 19 days from Honolulu; barkentine
B. X. Castle, 23 days and bark Martha
Davis, 28 days from Honolulu. The Defi
j ance is a fine new four-masted schooner
jon htr first visit to this port. She was
! built :it Grays Harbor and went from
i there to Honolulu direct with a load of
lumber.
John Oppenheim, the well-known water
front clothier, is back in the city again.
With the decay of the whaling industry
and the total extinction of the San Fran
cisco staling fleet, Mr. Oppenhefm's busi
ness fell away to a very great extent. Ho
decided to go to Pyea and open a store
there, but after a month's stay in that
part of Alaska he gave up all thoughts of
settling in that region. Stores in plenty
were for sale, but he did not want them,
as. like the whaling and sealing industry,
the bottom lias fallen out of the Dyea-
Skaguay boom. Mr. Oppenheim has now
completed all his arrangements and he is
going to the valley of the Sacramento,
bag and baggage, to open a general store.
Every whaleman and sealer in the coun
try knows John Oppenheim, and many a
sailor when he comes back from a long
cruise will be disappointed to find the old
place on ('!;<> street closed up.
The California-Alaska Transportation
Company's steamer Dirigo was to have
got away to-morrow for St. Michael, but
owing to non-arrival of a party of over a
hundred gold hunters from New Liondon.
Wis., who are going tip on her, she will
not get away until the latter part of the
wpek. Among those who are going to the
gold fields on the Dirigo are:
A. W. Beadle. Henry Taussau. Olaf Ander
son, H. K. Harrison. Julius Strombe, Herman
Besurhet, T. O. Sanby, Olous Johnson. Annon
Hoode, John Stanplrk, Ous Johnson.. G. B
Fry. Abe Greene. Adolph Stromnee, Sam Mor
ton. E. J. Healey. E. E. Oyster, Mrs. Grace
Porter. Camllle Bonnabel, P B. Conness, T.
Vldal. M. O. Rllev E. P. Upton. H. K. Ne«
per, O. J. Forple. Mrs. O. L». August, C. .
White. P. J. Wheeler. B. C. Rhome. J. C. Ktr
by. Will P. Jon<»s. J. J. Simmons, H. P
Knrn. John Strong. W. L. MrPonald. William
Wilder. W. P. Barton, Frank Fronslala. W
C. Mason. Harry Mason, William Patterson
J. H. Henderson. Mrs. J. H. Henderson
Pntrirk MrCormlck. W. S. Toby, Thomas Pay
Thomas J. Bnu. .1. C. flattery, T. V. Rhodes
C. E. James, A. P. Gardner, W. F. Nisbl
T. C. Reynolds, William Helnzmann. A V
Lloyd, James A. Condon, B. F. Camp W C
Huddlepton. John T. Pate. C. M. Coleman. P
S. Wood. H. C. Warwifk. Herman Cohn. Jon
Kramer. W. Oriffltn. J B. Strom. E. Cerf.
The Company Insolvent.
BKAOUAT. May 26 (via Seattle. Wash..
May 30).— r>. M. Rrogan of Skaguay has
been appointed receiver of the Skaguay
and Yukon Transportation and Improve
ment Company, commonly known as the
Brockett Wagon Road Company. The
appointment was made by United States
District Judge Johnson at Sitka on the
application of C. S. Moody, president of
the First Bank of Skaguay, who alleges
that the company is insolvent. Mr.
Brockett. who claims that the original
corporation is defunct and that the wagon
road is his individual property, refuses to
yield his property to Receiver Brogan.
Start to Break the Law.
VICTORIA . May 30.— Two sealers have
left here for Bering Sea. intending to take
advantage of war to S«U before the open
ing of the season.
Slight Earthquake Shock.
SANTA BARBARA. May 30.— A sHght
shock of earthquake was felt here at 7:03
o'clock last evening.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Tie fae- /f
WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN DEAD.
DR. LOUIS P. OVIEDO, Who Passed Awau Yesterday.
The above is a picture of Dr. Louis P. Oviedo, a promising young phy
sician of this city, who died yesterday at his residence at the corner of
Fourteenth and Valencia streets, after an illness of several weeks.
Dr. Oviedo was born and educated in this city, having graduated from
St. Mary's College in ISSS, and from the medical department of the Univer
sity of California in 1891. After his graduation he served as assistant redi
dent physician at the French Hospital for three years. Since he severed
his connection with the latter institution he has enjoyed a lucrative and
growing practice. Dr. Oviedo was a man of honorable and generous Im
pulses, and was widely and favorably known in this city. He leaves a
widow and infant child to mourn his loss.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL YIION - RIVER POINTS
BY
STEAMERS.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in the Alaska Trade.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP # «
IL.EJEIT-j.AJXr.A/VV,
Rating Al— loo Lloyds,
- - Will Sail From Howard
. Wharf No. 2 — -*
JUNE 5, 1898,
2DIR.H3OT TO
ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting With Our River Fleet,
LINDA, ARNOLD, LEON, HERMAN, CUB, BEAR, FOX,
LYNX, SEAL,. OTTER, MINK,
POR ..
DAWSON CITY
AND POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
Our boats are the most powerful now in Alaska and ready for prompt dis-
patch.
No delays. Quick connections. No towing from San Francisco. Best
service en route. Comfortable quarters. Courteous treatment.
Owning our own wharves, lighters, towboat, warehouses and hotel at St.
Michael.
Merchandise orders or letters of credit an our various stations on the Yu-
kon River. No fee charged to passengers. .' 'y :
For Passengrer and Freight Rates Apply to
GENERAL TICKET AND FREIGHT OFFICE,
LIEBES BUILDING. 139 POST STREET.
— — r
FOR DAWSON CITY!
S. S. HUMBOLDT
SAILS JUINE 1O
DIRECT FOR
ST. MICHAELS, VIA SEATTLE,
Connecting with fleet of ?..
SIX RIVER BOATS,
Which insures a through trans-
portation with no delays. .
250 lbs. Free and No Limit to Outfit.
RATES POPULAR. #
PlF»f=l->' TO ~
JNO. A. MAGEE JR., General Agent,
310 Clay St., San Francisco.
Phone Main 1779.
Seattle Agent: E. E. CAINE. Arlington,
Dock, and 105 Yesley Way.
jt . FINE TAI LORI KG
ffli PERFECT, FIT, BEST OF
§&$& M" nr WORK WANSHIP. at
m ( W'-25 per cent Less than Other
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT. BEST OF
, WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
m$ JOE POHEIM
/Ff m All Wool Suits to &JO,„ & QT
■a I Older lrom4>lZ tO 4>oo
iL. i 1 Pants from .. . $4 to $1 0
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St., ;
1110 and 1112 Markst St. San Francisco.
WgaM. WONG WOO,
P^W CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fejp 3 SANITARIUM,;
EftfffW 764-66 CLAY ST., Stn rranoi»oo,0»l ;
o#S9HoBifiw* All diseases cured exduslve-
%» /flJaSjiw Iy by Chinese herbs, over 3000
/»**GSfJPIIY» ; varieties b»lnx used, v ADVICH
FREE. , Hours, St:3o to 11 a. m.. 1 to < and 7 to
Ip.m.
®®®o©®©®©®®® ® ® ® ® ® 0
| $1.15. {
illliilll
® And pay higher prices for shoes when ®
r^ you can save money by trading with us? ®
W We are centrally located, and carry the
(J) ' best-selected, medfum-prlce<l stock, of W
"r " Bhoes In this State. Special sale this (?)
(?) week of Ladles" •Ox Blood Kid Lace !r
©Shoes, cloth or kid tops and spring (5)
heels, new coin toes and tips and flexl- /»
(•) ble soles. Sizes 2^ to 6, .widths A to r'
,-. K. Will be sold at $1 15 a pair. Regu- ®
W lar selling price J2 SO. (§
® ' ' '— ® '
® . Bargain extraordinary! Ladles' Finest _^
/Ti Quality Tan Chrome Kid Southern Ties, (J)
J with cloth tops, fa
(?) ftCc. hand-turned soles
' u^ u> and narrow®
'•' _^*v -•** -''T Jare toes an (i)
(•) tips. Reduced to
••-• F pr f >al , r - „We ®
® /S?iS*^-J nave ■ the 'ollow-
(?) j/*"*^^\^^Sm '"£ sizes: A and W
X S jE^&k- I* wide, 3 to 5. a
'•) '-v ,i iTiTf f and C. D and E X
/y, . r .^1; 'P itll '" * w)de# 2 to 34. ®
The regular price of this tie was $2 50. @
© v ;-~" : ®
Country orders solicited. (»)
Send for Illustrated Catalogue. ;r
® ®
I B. KATCHFNSKf, ® 1
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., ; |* ;
® 10 THIRD ST.; San Francisco ®
® ; :,'. :;. . , ' . ; .-.• ],'■-, ..• ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@
; ' •■ ■■ ' ■ ' ' ' " '-"■■■ '■'. . ■'■