VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 69.
CABINET AND QUEEN
APPROVE THE TERMS
SPAIN MOST
ANXIOUS TO
END THE WAR
Reply Accepting: the Peace
Conditions Will Reach
Washington To=
Day.
Castilians Bow to the Force of
Circumstances, and Will Com
ply With AH the Ameri=
can Demands.
: . MADRID, Aug. 7. — The Cabinet
Coujicll terminated after having com
. pletely approved the reply to the
-■.TJnited States, which accepts the Amer
ican conditions.
•:..: : The reply will be telegraphed to Senor
'. L"eon y Castillo, the Spanish Embassa
ia.«c>r to France to-night, so that M. Cam
•'.bp.n,s the French Embassador at Wash
;.'lrrgtbn, will receive it to-morrow.
X The ' Government is fully convinced
• that the note will be satisfactory to the
.•Washington Government, and that a
. '•.suspension of hostilities will be its im
' .mediate consequence."
• ; Premier Sag-asta has had a confer
'.eirce' with the Queen Regent. Her Ma
jesty approved the general lines of the
. J-<?piy of Spain to America's peace I
Vie'riija, • which Senor Bagasta explained {
'■_ tpvhferr./
. : Th : e Government believes that the
•,U"hk-ed. States will accept Spain's an
jswej!,. which will certainly reach the
" /White House by Tuesday. As a conse
■-qpetioe of the United States accepting
-reply hostilities will be immediate
• iy. afterward suspended.
'.'|' ; .'. According to reliable sources of
m.formation, the Spanish note is j
'.couched in dignified language. It as
serts that Spain bows to the force of
.-.circumstances, having done nothing
•. to provoke the war into which she
• : b.«d been unwillingly led in the de
fense of her rights and territory.
.. ■; It expresses a willingness to ap
point delegates to meet the American
.'commission to discuss a regime for
the Philippines.
It is understood that both Senor Sa
/gr'asta and Duke AJmodovar de Rio, the
Foreign Minister, told the Queen Re
gent that they felt deeply the painful
dnty circumstances imposed upon
• them.
-.*.■ ■ It is reported that Duke Almodovar
<le Rio, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
 and MgT. Merrydelval, Spanish Embas
• tsador to the Vatican, will be selected to
represent Spain in the negotiations.
. . The newspapers make no comments
on the situation, owing to the strictness
of the censorship.
OPINION AT MADRID
FOR PEACE AT ONCE
' Ep«rlal cable to The Call and the New York
HeraM. Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Oor
•• ' dpn Bennett.
V MADRID, Aug. 7.— After the Queen
Tlegeht had consulted with prominent
political men the Government met to
night to approve the answer to the
iJnited- States drawn up by Premier
...Sagasta and Duke Almot] var d<? Rio.
accepting the American conditions. In
this answer the Spanish Government
reserves the utmost possible power of
discussing the details hereafter, In the
&)pe Of making better terms.
There is no ministerial crisis. Dlplo
ji.j&iic circles now believe that the
Spanish and American governments
.will come to a definite understanding.
fipnor -Castelara, although not attend
ing the councils here, comes out with
a; straightforward message of peace.
Sf nor Canalejas who is known in the
United! States and Is an astute lawyer.
•.Bays the fact of requiring further ex
' plunruion from the Government at
"S Washington implied the acceptance of
.the terms of peace.
-On leaving the palace yesterday
Seno-r Kagasta Baid that in the early
days of the eomln"- woek the Govern
ment would be able to give the coun- |
■-try- its definite conclusions.
•■Public opinion here Is for peace and;
:• peace at once. That General Woodford i
Is xo be one of the negotiators has pro- j
/diuced an excellent Impression here.
. .where his uprightness and fair- i
• mindedness is highly appreciated. The
Bourse boomed yesterday upon the an
ticipation of peace and exchange went j
up several points. It has gone up 30 ;
-points in a week's time.
TWO METHODS OF
ARRANGING PEACE
' WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.-A!though
as yet without official confirmation of
the report from Paris that the Spanish
Government has decided to aocv>pt the
termu laid down by the United States
as essential to the negotiation o£ a
The San Francisco Call
ThJE PRESIDENT AS
fIN "IMPERIALIST."
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.—Accord
ing to a close personal friend of
President McKinley, a man in
high official station in Washing
ton, these are the President's
views as to the ultimate results
of the war: Porto Rico to be
come a possession of the United
States; Cuba to be held under a
protectorate with a view of ulti
mate annexation; Manila and the
Island of Luzon to pass Into the
control of the United States, as
Hongkong is under the control of
England; one of the "Ladrone
Islands to be annexed to the
United States.
So far as Porto Rico and the
Ladrones are concerned it is
pointed out the programme is to
be fulfilled by the terms of peace
with Spain. The same terms
prepare the way for the execu
tion of the remainder.
President McKinley's friends
say he has become an enthusi
astic "imperialist" since the war
began, and that he has no fear of
the result of extension of terri
tory.
treaty of peace, the officials here are
proceeding: under the conviction that
j the end has come and are giving at
| tention to the steps to be taken next.
i In view of the delay in coming to this
j conclusion, the idea was beginning to
prevail that the Spanish Government
was about to enter a plea In abate
i ment and that the answer would be
j again inconclusive. In this case the
j President was disposed to deal firmly
with the issue, to give notice that our
proposals were withdrawn and to let It
be understood that when Spain again
sued for peace the conditions would be
more severe than those first laid down.
If the Spanish answer should embody
I an effort to secure any material change
|in the conditions it will meet with
; prompt rejection.
Some reference has been made in the
dispatches of British newspapers to a
desire on the part of the Spanish Gov
ernment to include in the preliminary
agreement a clause exempting it from
liability for the Cuban ivbt. The for-
I mal statement of the points of the
I Unltad States note given out from the
I White House made no reference to this
i subject and it cannot be known as yet
| whether or not the full text shows any
thing more. But presuming that no
reference whatever is made to the Cu
ban debt. It is possible the subject may
be regarded as one that should be
treated by the peace commissioners,
who are to meet later to frame the
treaty which, of course, will embody
many details that are left untouched
in the main proposition, though Cabinet
officers have authorized the statement
that no part of the Cuban or Porto
Rican debts would be assumed by the
United States. Based upon the press
reports of the progress being made at
Madrid toward returning the answer
of Spain, it was calculated by the de
partment officials that the formal note
could not be delivered to the President
before to-morrow, and that was also
the belief of the French Embassador.
From the length of time consumed in
its preparation, the note was believed
to be long, thus entailing the eonsump- !
tion of much time in forwarding it first i
to Paris, reducing it to cipher there,
transmitting it over the cable and then
re-translating it at the French Em
bassy.
In the case of the last note the at
taches of the embassy worked nearly
all night to prepare their communica- j
tion to the Spanish Government, though !
the conference with the President I
closed before 5 o'clock in the afternoon, i
with the Embassndor in possession of J
the United States" note. Should the I
Spanish answer be an unconditional ac- j
ceptance of our terms some negotiation ;
may be necessary to agree upon the
steps to be taken to give effect to the
agreement. So far as can be learned
it has not yet been determined how
this shall J>e done. There are two way*,
then. Thtf first Is a military capitula
tion by the captain generals of Cubi
and Porto Rico, which will immediately
place the American military or naval
commanders in technical occupation t.t
the islands and enable them to carry
out in their own way and In their own
time the embarkation of the Spanish j
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
OUR FIRST REAL FIGHT IN PORTO RICO.
The Fourth Ohio and Third Illinois regiments of General Haines' brigade engaging the enemy, who, from a strong position on the
hill on each side of a cut near Guayama, attempted to dispute their progress into the city. The small advance guard having fallen back
under heavy fire the two regiments were thrown out on each side of the road and quickly cleared the Spaniards from the hill.
SECRETARY OF STATE DAY
WILL RETIRE FROM OFFICE
WITH THE COMING OF PEACE
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: In connection with the
probable selection of Secretary Day as
one of the commissioners, I am able to
make the important announcement that
he will at an early date retire from the
office of Secretary of State, and after
concluding his labors as a member of
the commission resume the practice of
law in Canton. Although this is the
first public announcement that Secre
tary Day intends to retire from public
life, It has long been known to his most
intiraate friends that when he accepted
the portfolio he did so with the under
standing that he would resign his office
immediately after peace had been re
stored between Spain and the United
States.
The 'main reason assigned by the
friends of Secretary Day for his desire
to leave the Cabinet is that he does not
feel financially able to hold an office
which involves so many social obliga
tions of an expensive character. He
feels that having served his country
during the trying period he should now
resume his law practice while still in
the prime of life in order to make am
ple provision for his family in the fu
ture. It is not known whether the Sec
retary contemplates retiring with his
appointment as one of the commission
ers or upon the final conclusion of the
treaty of peace. Should he defer his
resignation until the commissioners
have concluded their labors Assistant
Secretary Moore will act as Secretary
in his absence, and the President will
thus be able to postpone the selection
of a new Secretary until next fall.
At this time the President has not
made up his mind as to the selection of
Secretary Day's successor, or if so he
has not yet taken any one into his con
fidence. Hence there is plenty of time
for speculation as to the next Secretary
of State. Among the names which
doubtless will soon come prominently to
the front are Senator Cushman K. Da
vis, Embassador Hay, Embassador
Horace Porter, Postmaster-General
Charles Emory Smith and Attorney-
General J. W. Griggs.
armies In tho islands. The intention as
to whether they shall be permitted to
carry off their arms is not now as ma
terial as it was in the case of the sur
render of General Toral's forces at
Santiago, where, occurring in the midst
of the campaign, there was a necessity
for securing the moral effect of com
pelling 1 the Spanish soldiers to lay down
their arms. Spain having succumbed
it might be urged that the United
States might grant a concession on this
point to Spanish pride without fear of
having the action attributed to fear
for the consequences of a refusal. This
would not apply, however, to the vol
unteers who might elect to remain in
Cuba, as it would not be prudent to
allow so large a body of men to carry
arm? without restraint in the days of
reconstruction, when delicate and diffi
cult matters of internal policy; are to
HON, WILLIAM R, DAY, SECRETARY OF STATE,
I be settled and new methods applied to
th-* government of the islands.
The second method by which the pre
liminary peace agreement might be
formally effected would be by a pro
tocol to be eigned by a representative
of the President, probably Secretary
Lay In this case, and by M. Cambou «n
behalf of the Spanish Government it
vas by just such an agreement as
this, known as the Cushing protocol.
that war with Spain was ayort.^l as a
result of the Virginius affair. This
course, having the weight of precedent,
may be adopted In this ease. It is
probable that in the Philippines the
greatest difficulty will be met in put
ting the agreement into effect on ac
count of the attitude of the insurgents,
but General Merritt is now gaining in
strength daily and probably will be in
position to meet any emergency. j
General Wade's reinforcements for
General Miles are going forward re
gardless of the progress of peace nego
tiations. The agreement to negotiate
a treaty of peace does not necessarily
carry with it a cessation of hostilities.
]n the case of the Mexican war it was
i a month after the peace negotiations
| began before hostilities were declared
to be closed, and if desirable these re
inforcements may be intercepted and
returned to the United States after
they sail. The present plans of Secre
tary Alger all contemplate that they
shall leave the United States, espe
cially as it is felt that with the practi
cal field experience they will acquire
Jn Porto Rico under favorable climatic
: conditions they will make good mater
; ial to use botn there and in Cuba in
! carrying out the Government's recon
struction, policies, j
ADVANCE OF THE
AMERICAN FORCES
TOWARD SAN JUAN
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 7 (via St.
Thomas, D. W. I.). — A general advance
of the American force began this
morning. The remainder of General
Ernst's brigade, consisting of the ad
vance center, with two batteries, moved
out at 6 o'clock, and a part of the Elev
enth Infantry of General Henry's divi
sion started to the left toward Adjun
tas. Troop Aof New York, the Phila
delphia City Troop and Troop H of the
Sixth Regulars are conveying General
Brooke's transportation column along
the coast through Salinas to Arroyo.
Colonel Tice of General Miles' staff
will probably be assigned to the com
mand of the Sixth Massachusetts.
General Wilson has moved the head
quarters of his division from Ponce to
Juana Diaz.
General Schwan, with the Eleventh
Regiment infantry and two batteries,
moved to-day through Tuac-> toward
Mnyaguez.
General Brooke is moving nor+h from
Guayama with 10,000 men.
TO BOTTLE UP ALL THE
SPANIARDS AT SAN JUAN
Special cable to Thf> Call and the New Turk
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gor
don Bennett. •
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 7 (by The
Call-Herald dispatch boat to St.
Thomas, D. W. L, Aug. 7).— ln four col
umns the American forces are now
moving forward, intending to drive all
the Spanish forces on the island into
San Juan and bottle them up there.
General Schwan has started for Maya
guez, via Yuaco and San German, while
General Henry is proceeding direct to
Arecibo, where his forces will be joined
by those under General Schwan. Gen
eral Wilson is advancing upon Coamo,
while General Brooke is pushing for
ward toward Cayey from Arroyo.
The period of inaction for the Ameri
can troops has ended. The men are
breaking camp and all are prepared for
the march on San Juan.
All vessels in the fleet are preparing
to shift the naval base to the north «ide
of the island, where they will be ready
to co-operate in the attack on San Juan
when General Miles and his troops ar
rive before the city.
HAINES' OUTPOSTS
AGAIN FIRED UPON
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1S»8, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GUAYAMA, Porto Rico, Aug. 6 (By
Call-Herald Dispatch Boat to St.
Thomas, D. W. 1., Aug. 7).— Brigadier
General Halnes, with the Fourth Ohio
and Third Illinois, is securely holding
the town of Guayama. It turns out that
the enthusiasm displayed by many res
idents when, Uie Americans entered the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
town did not extend to all. Part of the
populace show strong Spanish proclivi
ties. Many have been arrested, but re
leased on parole.
General Haines' outposts again were
attacked by Spaniards this morning-.
Two shells from light artillery were
dropped near the American lines, but
there was no further firing. Our out
posts now have advanced to a point
three miles beyond Guayama, on the
road leading to Cayey. The Ohio
troops comprise the right flank and the
Illinois regiment the left. When the
cavalry arrives all will be ready to fully
develop the strength of the Spaniards,
who are reported occupying positions
all along the way to Cayey. It is also
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
V >: .^ When love
/*°'>yv^u knocks at a wo-
""•C^O-J \T H^/man's heart he
•^^v^-vj f 'WTTi usually comes in
"""^r^"^*^"! X 'Is) 1 I disguise. Doesn'l
N^-C"'^Cr^| \ ~\£y J$ I want it knows
>»^^^l^ASA^ I what he's up to.
v *^>C^,'«C^ > ***<^Vj I f she knew all
<^* N *^^ s O > *>OVO Vv < ' about the 1 i 1 1 1 4
'■"^^^Tj^- rascal, would sho
Q| * let him in ? That's a question.
LJ ii| - Women are apt to look upon
«. I »■ love and marriage as purely
g>«| l| - a matter of sentiment and af«.
n-. ii -■■ love and That is as nearly
i * a matter of sentiment and aN
fection. That is pretty nearly
et'l ~ right ; yet there is a practical
17. .' ' . side to it too ; and the best way
IV:- -' * ' to preserve the ideal aspect of
•U y^TTS * marriage and maternity is not
\jw93 " to forget the practical part of
\!j£tesi " it. A woman cannot be a thor-
IMB^S - ou^hly happy wife and mother
«PP|InN~ unless the distinctive physical
I ■ v\^ " organism" of her sex is in a
iT^ji - heaithy and vigorous condi.
I ( N^A - ti° n - The best friend that wo-
M Mk^- maa ever k a( * is the " Favorite
IJ/n^t Prescription," of Dr. R. V.
*^^TMBr Pierce, Chief Consulting Phy-
-« < s "l^^Lsician of the Invalids' Hotel
■^"-"■*3£^a*"i!l -in d Surgical Institute. Buffalo,
.** |U^* 1 N. Y. The "Prescription," is
a perfect and infallible remedy for every
form of "female weakness." It cures by
restoring health and strength to the inter-
nal organism, which cannot be reached by
"local applications ; "thus the cure is radi-
cal, complete and constitutional.
Dr. Pierces eminent reputation as a phy-
sician of wide learning; . and his special
knowledge of the delicate and intricate or-
ganism of women, accounts for the unpar-
alleled confidence, which women place in
his "Favorite Prescription," over every
other remedy. Its use obviates the neces-
s'iy of dreaded "examinations" the
stereotyped "local treatments.";
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Dear Sir I suffered fourteen
years with female weakness, nervousness, and
general debility, trying everything I could find
To help me- all to do avail. I then heard of
Dr. Pierces medicines and although I was thor-
oughly discouraged, I thought I would try once
more to find relief. I took your " Golden Medical
Discovery " «nd [.', Favorite Prescription," and too
great praise cannot be given for the rapid relief
they gave me. I am now free from the former'
troubles. Very sincerely yours,
(Maj^i 4Uwa*fi
T (7 (] Bex 46. SanttoM, -
V If Saa^d*r» CsK,fiali2
LATEST OCEAN TRAGEDY IN
STRAITS OF BELLE ISLE
Captain Major Says It Is Certain That Some Ship
Was Recently SuqK— Other Disasters
Narrowly Averted.
) ST. JOHNS, N. F., Aug. 7.— Captain Major of the steamer Virginia Lake, from Labrador, which
> arrived to-day, expressed the belief that some ship certainly has been sunk in the Straits of Belle Isle.
> Reports to that effect, he says, are current along the whole northern coast of the island, beside which a
> quantity of deals, cheese-boxes and other wreckage have drifted ashore at Flowers Cove, near the scene of
> the reported disaster.
> Captain Major is surprised that more wrecks are not reported, because the fog in that region has
) been the heaviest known in thirty years, continuing fourteen days, during which time not a sight of the
) sun has been obtained.
On Saturday. July 30, a large Allan line steamer, with 500 passengers aboard, was almost
, ashore at Battle harbor, and on Tuesday last two other liners were in great danger off Chateau.
The steamer Ipsden is a total wreck at Point Amour owing to the same cause.
Captain Major expects further news regarding the reported disaster when the steamer Leopard,
, from North Labrador, due on Tuesday, shall arrive.
i®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® <•
reported that the roads from Guayama
to Cayey have been mined by the Span
laxds, but our troops are determined to
advance regardless of this report.
A question as to the relations between
church and state has arisen here. The
padre of Guayama having notified Gen
eral Haines that the church always had
received support from the state and
asking whether this custom would be
continued. General Haines replied that
this was a matter to be settled later,
and advised the padre to proceed with
his work as usual.
Hermann Huffmaoin, a private in
Company C. Thirl Artillery, was shot
while doing picket duty at Arroyo last
night. It is feared the injury may
prove fatal. It is not known whether
Private Huffmann was struck by the
enemy or by one of the American pick
ets by mistake.
The commander of the Leyden has
ousted the Spanish officials who were
serving in Fajardo and intends to
put reputable citizens of the village in
their places. The Americans found the
battery there abandoned.
The New Orleans, which has been at
St. Thomas awaiting orders to be sent
to t^pain with the fleet, has been or
dered back to San Juan as a result of
the peace negotiations.
YET RUSHING THE
TROOPS TO PORTO RICO
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: This cable
message has been sent to General Miles
by Adjutant General Corbin:
A part of General Grant's brigade sailed
fmm Newport News yesterday. Thirteen
hundred more will sail to-morrow. The
tary of War desires an early report
.%■ many more troops, if any, you will
re to prosecute the campaign in
Porto Rico. He wishes to hurry forward
every man you require, but no more than
yuu "need. CORBIN.
No reply has yet been received from
General Miles.
SEVENTEEN SPANIARDS
KILLED AT GUAYAMA
MADRID, Aug. 7.— An official dispatch
from Porto Rico says the Americans yes
terday seized the customs house in the
village of Fajardo, which place was with
out a garrison. An American column,
the dispatch also .says, supported by ar
tillery, advanced on Guayma. The Span
iard?" made a brave defense, but were
forced to withdraw to Alturas. Seventeen
of the Spaniards were killed.
TROOPS ANXIOUS TO
LEAVE FOR SANTIAGO
Several Regiments at Savannah
Awaiting Transports Do Not
Fear the Fever.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Aug. 7.— The Third
and Fifth Regiments of United States
Volunteers arrived here to-day and are
in camp awaiting transports to take
them to Santiago. The Third Regiment
arrived this morning from Macon, and
the Fifth to-night from Columbus,
The transport Rio Grande arrived to
day and is loading the baggage of the
Fifth Regiment, two battalions of
which will go on board to-morrow and
will sail at noon.
The Leona is expected in the morn-
Ing. The Minnewaska is delayed
through an accident to her machinery,
and is not expected before Tuesday.
She will carry the Third Regiment,
commanded by Colonel Ray.
All the officers and men are anxious
to get away. There is a lack of en
thusiasm among them, and the appeals
that have been made to the War De
partment to save them from Santiago,
the men of both regiments say, are
■without authority and misrepresent
them by discrediting their valor.
SECRETARY ALGER PAYS
A VISIT TO FORT MYER
Finds the Sick From the Camp Bear-
ing- His Name Are Getting Ex
cellent Attention.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— Secretary
Alg&r visited Fort Myer this afternoon
■with a view of ascertaining personally
•whether everything possible was be
ing done for the soldiers of Camp Al
ger, who are in the hospital at the fort.
He found the sick men as comfortable
as could be expected under the circum
stances. Each one has a good bed,
which is kept clean and fresh, and all
are receiving excellent medical atten
tion and nursing.
At present there are about 735 men
in the hospital. Some of them are
very seriously ill and a few are not ex
pected to recover.
Thus far the fatalities among the
troops at Camp Alger have numbered
thirty-nine. This is not considered a
great loss In an army of nearly 30,000
men, during the three months the men
have been in the service.
Taking the Sick to Fort McPherson.
FERNANDINA, Fla.. Aug. 7.— Philip
Dalsell, Company H, Fifth Ohio, died this
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Fears'
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
[ morning of typhoid fever. The hospital
! train, in fharge of Major Richards, has
I arrived aM is busily engaged in taking
I on the sick, aggregating about 200, for
I Fort McPherson.
FALLEN HEROES' BODIES
TO BE BROUGHT HOME
Secretary Alger's Decision, With Re-
gard to the Men Who Died or
Were Killed at Santiago.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Alger has decided to have the bodies
of all the men who died or were killed
at Santiago brought to this country.
He has cabled to Santiago giving or
ders to that effect. This will be done
as soon as the heated term is past. It
may be that in order to avoid risks
the bodies of men who died of fever
will not be brought up for some months,
but there will be no delay in other
cases. In the meantime Secretary Al
ger has given orders that the tempo
rary headboards now marking the
graves be replaced by more permanent
ones, so that identification may be
complete. When the bodies of the sol
diers arrive here they will either be
turned over to relatives or interred in
the national cemeteries.
QUESTIONS FOR THE
COMMISSION TO DECIDE
LONDON, Aug. B.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, tele
graphing Sunday, says: The answer of
the Spanish Government declares that
Spain cannot discuss the American pro
posals, but only accepts them because
they are imposed on her by force. Only
a few unessential changes in the Amer
ican demands were asked for, and it is
now expected that President McKinley
will refuse them.
A commission composed of Spaniards
and Americans will decide the question
of the Cuban debt, the dates, and an
other of evacuating Cuba and Porto
Rico, and the protection of Spaniards
and Spanish interests in these places.
The commissioners will also decide
whether Spain is to be allowed to with
draw h r artillery and the remainder
of her arms and ammunition from the
colonies, while the question of the fu
ture of the Philippines will be settled
by the same body. The treaty will b«
signed subject to the approval of the
Cortes, which will be convoked imme
diately. The Cabinet Council to-night
will appoint Spanish commissioners to
meet the Americans to arrange for the
future of the Phiippines and other de
tails.
DEATHS FROM FEVER
AMONG SHAFTERS MEN
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7. — General
Shafter's daily report to the War De
partment of the health of his command
at Santiago, as received by Adjutant
General Corbin to-night is as follows:
SANTIAGO, Aug. 7.— Adjutant General
of the Army, Washington: Sanitary report
for August 6— Total sick, 3661; total fever
cases, 2238; total number of new cases of
fever. 431; total number fever cases re
turned to duty, 447.
Deaths. August S— Private M. W. Des
mond, Company L, Ninth Massachu
setts, typhoid fever; Private Dallas Tan
nay, Company X, Thirty-fourth Michigan,
malarial fever.
August 6— Private G. P. McLaughlin,
Company B, Ninth Massachusetts, ty
phoid fever; Private J. A. Lewis, Com
pany B, Twenty-lifth Infantry, malarial
[ever; Private A. J. Grills, Company H,
Thirty-fourth Michigan, typhoid fever;
Major J. M. O'Connor, Ninth Massachu
setts, malarial fever; Corporal A. E. Kerr,
Company A, Second Infantry, pernicious
intermittent fever; Private Burton Salis
bury, Company B, Twenty-first Infantry,
chronic diarrhoea; Private Anthony Mass,
Company A. Seventh Infantry, thermic
fever. SHAFTER, Major General.
M'KINLEY'S REPLY
GAVE NO COMFORT
LONDON, Aug. 7.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times, telearraphing
Sunday, says: To-day all the best
authorities a.Erree that the Government
has decided to accept the American
conditions. The American reply to
Spain's request for explanation reached
Madrid Friday evening. The text has
not been given out, but It is known that
it brought little consolation.
President McKinley turned a deaf ear
to the si -'gestion that Porto Rico might
be left to Spain and compensation got
ten elsewhere.
Regarding the Philippines the reply
was n'>t altogether satisfactory, but it
was of such a nature that there was
no longer any necessity for postponing
a decision on the main question.
IN NO HURRY TO
ASSEMBLE THE CORTES
PARIS, Aug. 7.— The Madrid corres
pondent of the Temps says: The Cab
inet Council this morning discussed the
question of assembling the Cortes, but
no decision was reached, as the Minis
ters desire to ascertain if the United
States considers the approval of Par
liament necessary to the definitive
signing of peace.
TO THE PHILIPPINES
BY WAY OF SUEZ
Expected Destination of the Chaffee
Light Artillery of Colo
rado.
DENVER, Aug. 7.— Hundreds of people
visited the camp of the Chaffee Light
Artillery, officially known as Battery A,
Colorado Volunteer Light Artillery, at
Fort Logan to-day, to say good-by to
the men who will leave for Fort Han
rock, N. J., in a few days. The battery
consists of 109 men and H. G. Parks is
captain. Its final destination is unknown,
but the man are expected to go to the
Philippines via the Suez canal
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
BEACHCOMBING
AT ST. MICHAEL
Privations of Fortune
Hunters.
WAITING FOR RIVER BOATS
CURSING THE TRANSPORTATION
COMPANIES.
Putting in the Long Days Sleeping
and Fignting Mosquitoes — Women
Who Are Cheerful Even
in Their Misery.
ST. MICHAEL, ISLAND, Alaska, July
22. — For a month or two at least this
place bids fair to rival San Francisco
in the amount of shipping in the har
bor. Every day a craft of some kind
is added to the fleet already here, and
each brings news of more to follow.
The loss of so many river boats which
were being towed up has caused much
inconvenience to passengers bound for
Dawson and Intermediate points. Pos
sibly a stronger term would be more
applicable, as many persons have ar
rived here who have paid out about
all the money they had for their trans
portation, and now find that the river
boat which their ocean vessel was to
connect with has foundered, and to an
extent they are stranded on very in
hospitable shores. In many cases the
companies who booked them in San
Francisco or Seattle did so at a figury
so low that it is impossible to get other
river steamers (of which there are
plenty) to take them off their hands,
unless either the passengers themselves
or those that brought them will sustain
the difference in price charged from
here.
Some who bought tickets only to St.
Michael on vessels that have missed their
connections rather congratulate them
selves, as they now can take their choice
from the river fleet. The captain of pome
of the ocean vessels have had serious
thought of changing their business and
returning to a life of seclusion. They
find that coming to St. Michael is too
much of a strain on their nerves.
In several cases passengers have abso
lutely refused to leave the vessels that
brought them until they were assured of
a way of getting up the river. In this
they are sustained by the military com
mander here, who refuses to permit shiji*
Jng rompanies to forcibly put j
ashore without providing a way for them
to leave the island.
There are vessels here which have been
holding large numbers of passengers for
two weeks or over, and the deadlock still
continues. The steamer Dirigo was the
last to fall into distress, aa her passen
ger* were booked for the James Eva,
which was lost while in tow of the Na
tional City.
The steamer Humbbldt, whose river
connections were the Gamecock and Stag
hound, which vessels were lost while be
ing towed out of Portland by the Bllhu
Thompson — arrived with a large number
of passengers booked at "cut rates" and
had about the usual trouble in getting
rid of them. The tactful captain, how
ever, by coaxing some, cajoling others,
ana by perhaps using strong language to
still others, such as threatening to take
them back to San Francisco minus bag
gage, which had all been placed on a
barge, managed a few minutes before the
steamer started to get the last one off.
Some spread their tents <>n the shore and
resigned themselves to wait for the arri
val of the river boat that had been sub
stituted by the charterer of the Humboldt
to take them to the end of their voyage;
others, of whom several were ladies,
found shelter on the barge on which the
freight and baggage of the Humboldt had
been discharged. Here trunks and boxes
were utilized as beds and those that had
covering managed between mosquito bites
to forget themselves occasionally in sleep.
I went on the barge yesterday and saw
the huddied-up mass of humanity. Un
comfortable they were, bui not one was
discouraged. Every heart beat high with
hope. Each and all an- certain Of return
ing after a brief sojourn, in the frozen
land with at least a competence, if not a
large fortune.
A gently nurtured lady, whose former
occupation had been school teaching,
showed me where she had passed the
night before. A large, flat-topped trunk
formed the bed and her waterproof cloak
the covering. She assured me with gr.-at
earnestness that she did not mind it in
the least. "You know," she explained,
"I came to rough it, and I should be dis
appointed were I not to find the opportun
ity of doing so. Then, after all, it is
not so very bad. It is always day time;
you lie in one position until tired, then get
up and walk about, and then try a new
one."
All this time the rain falls continuously,
and at intervals the wind comes with
such force that vessels cannot discharge
cargo. The sun at this time sets about
10 p. m. and rises again at 2:30 a. m., and
one can read the finest print in the in
terval. Of the waiting multitude; here
who have no particular occupation aside
from berating the transportation compa
nies, probably as many sleep during- the
day as in the nieht. Indeed, it is only
by consulting a watch that we know
when night comes, as we seldom see the
sun.
Down on the beach, between the build
ings of the two old companies, is a lung
line of tents occupied by prospective
Klondikers, who are dubbed by the old
residents as "beachcombers." In some of
these the first lessons in cookery are be
ing taken, and the "Klondike stove,"
which seems to have been invented to try
the souls of men, receives the amount of
profanity to which it is justly entitled.
Wet driftwood, which is the only fuel
obtainable, stands sponsor for soggy
bread and half-cooked beans; but here,
as in other places, hopefulness and good
spirits are the general rule.
A very charming woman who has come
to meet her brother ancl accompany him
to the mines, tells me she is really en
joying the experience. "It is so different
from anything I have ever seen before,
you know," she said. As I saw her stoops
ing to the ground trying to coax the fire
to burn with wet kindling and a cloud
SAMPSON NETTLED
OVER EXPRESSIONS
CHARGED TO SCHLEY
Secretary Long's Inquiry Shows
the Commodore to Have
Been Misrepresented.
"WASHINGTON, 'Aug. 7.— Secretary
Long to-day requested the publication
of the following correspondence:
UNITED STATES FLAGSHIP NEW
YORK (first rate), GUANTANAMO BAY,
CUBA, July 27, IS9S— My Dear Mr. Secre
tary: I am led to write at this time on
account of the publication of an article
which appeared in the papers of the 19th
instant in which Commodore Schley is
made to say that he had stated to the
writer that he had over and over again
declared it was possible to enter the har
bor of Santiago, notwithstanding the
mines. Commodore Schley called upon
me and voluntarily stated that the publi
cation of the article was false in every
particular; that he not only never stated
anything of the kind, but that he had
never thought of it; that he had always
entirely agreed with me on this ques
tion, and that he did not know a single
officer whose opinion differed from mine.
A,s I have reason to believe that Commo
dore Schley has been misrepresented, I
have taken the liberty to address to you
a telegram upon this subject this morn
ing; and ii s I am about to sail for the
East I trust that it will receive your at
tention at an early date. Very respect
fully, W. T. SAMPSON, Rear Admiral,
United States Navy, Commander-in-Chief
North Atlantic Station.
The Secretary of the Navy, Washing-
ton.
The telegram referred to is as fol
lows:
PLATA DEL ESTE, (via Hasrti), July 27,
132 a. m.— Secretary Navy, Washington:
I call the department's attention to an
Associated Press dispatch in the New
York Times and Herald of the 19tn at
tributing to Commo-dore Schley .certain
opinions regarding mines. I request that
the manager of the Associated Press be
called upon to name the source and au
thority for this statement. SAMpgoN
On receipt of this telegTam the de>
of smoke blinding her eyes, I could not
help remarking that I thought there was
much pleasure of the same kind in store
At h one of the camps where a .river
steamer is being constructed a number
of men were unloading a cargo of mer
chandise. Many of the sacks were in a
damaged condition, but a deft-handed
woman was sitting in the rain mending
and patching as fast as they we re un
loaded I approached her with some
trepidation, as 1 saw that her hand un
accustomed to such labor, was bleeding
in several Places from punctures from
the sack needle; but she smiled cheer
fully and expressed regret that bhe could
not offer me a seat. .When I inquired if
she did not find coming to Alaska a lit
tle bit harder than she had anticipated
she replied emphatically: v ' v un le t a !
least. I knew it would be very unpleas
ant. and I am prepared for almost any
emergency that may arise. I have not
unpacked my baggage yet. so as to get
out my short dresses, and with these
ong skirts, where there is so much
grafs. ymVfind me looking draggled and
uncomfortable, but with suitable attire I
shall be nuite at ease, and I expect to De
abfe to about easily and go any place
that a man cau go lam not at all dis
heartened by the discomforts I have met
thus far The big nuggets I saw taken
aboard the Ilumboldt the -other -dag
would have braced me up had I needed
a A' p b re a n and well bred woman who was
traveling under the protection of An
tone " a partner of the Berrys. assured
me that she had lived in far worse nlace*
than the Klondike and save me some
details of housekeeping in a cabin out In
000 in nulgefs as her exhibited $lo.>,-
SSjoSra I also am of - the opinion that
' oTth^tucky'me^wTth whom I talked,
not one had ever been in the mines over
Three > ears and many not nearly so long
Vn were going out for a change, and for
s\n>pU«; intending to return effiet to the
fall or early in the spring. ™j statt
that many of the best mines will not he
worked this winter on account of the
10 per cent royalty exacted by the Gov
ernment; that Dawson will be dull tor
SS"who men in eonsew^n^ajid that
manvca4s meet with disappointment.
For the prospector the field isavastone
and if he have the energy and physical
strength to endure the strain that wHl be
nut noon him there is no doubt but what
Wtl^rTaS^afl a compe
tence far outnumber those «*£* h ££
A srentloman named Hall irorn Hum
boldf County told. me that his business
there had " been contracting and that
things had gone so badly with him that
be could not make enough to feed his
horses nnd keep his family. He therefore
sold out and went to Dawson seventeen
months ago. In less than a month after
S° arrival he struck the claim he now
owns and for which he has been offered
$50 000, which offer he did not entertain
for a moment, as the development he has
made shows it to have far greater value
Over at Fort Get There the hotel of the
North American Company is doing a rush
ing business, but the manager is not
without his troubles Some of the rooms
have been fitted as. dormitories, with,dou
ble-decked beds, and hold from nine to
twelve persons. Each occupant pays $1
per night. Some of those hives are re
served exclusively for ladies. These are
numerous in St. Michael just now, and
about rising and retiring time the rooms
are a scene of activity. As there is but
one wash basin it is not strange that tne
manager is frequently called upon to re
store peace. . ■ ;'.; '. -, ■'■■
The postofllce is a source of much dis
satisfaction to the thousands of people
who are in and about St. Michael. A
steamer belonging to the company that
has the contract from the Government to
carry mail for the summer arrived the
other day with eleven tons on board.
There are but two clerks to handle this
enormous mass, and to stand In line four
or five hours and then have th» window
shut In your face, as the bell announces
the lunch hour, is a dally occurrence.. No
mail is delivered except to the owner In
person, and outside companies here who
have from forty to one hundred men in
their employ, all anxious to hear from
their homes, find it a very, serious loss to
them to permit each man to spend from
half to a whole day off to obtain his mail.
Kverv steamer coming In brings from ten
to fifteen sacks of mall, and the condi
tions were bad enough before this ava
lanche of regular mail arrived. When the
war closes ft is to be hoped that Uncle
Sam will turn some of his attention to
this portion' of possessions.
ELMA McNAUGHT. ■
MODESTO BUILDINGS
RAZED BY FLAMES
Early Morning Conflagration Be
lieved to Have Been of In-
cendiary Origin.
MODESTO, Aug. 7. — Pour building's
were destroyed by flra and one partially
burned in Modesto this morning at 3:30
o'clock. The fire started In the Empire
livery stable of Hambleton & Boone. and
five horses were burned to death. Nearly
all of the vehicles were taken out. but the
harness was destroyed. The saloon of A.
Giovanetti and the shoe shop of H. N.
Thompson adjoining were completely de
stroyed. The undertaking parlors of G.
R. Graves were ruined, and the vacant
store room adjoining, belonging to Mrs.
fohn Warner of San Jose, wan burned.
The building of Peter Schafer, containing
the Justice court of J. J. Townes, and the
pottery store of Mrs. Kirk, were badly
damaged by fire and water.
The livery stable building belonged to
C. C. Wright of Los Angeles, was in
sured for $2500, loss $3000: Glovanetti"s loss
was $2500, insurance $1500; H. N. Thomp
son, $250, no insurance; G. R. Graves,
$2500, no Insurance; Peter Schafer, $2000,
insurance $000. .The Maaonic Hall build-
partment wrote the following letter to
the Associated Press:
NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington,
D. C, July 2*.— Sir: The New York
Times and Herald of the 19th inst. pub
lished an Associated Press dispatch in
which certain opinions regarding mines
are attributed to Commodore Schley. This
dispatch is written in such a manner as
to convey the impression that It was re
ceived from your representative with the
squadron off Santiago, and consequently
had been censored by proper naval au
thority. I therefore have to request that
you inform this department at your ear
liest convenience the authority for the
dispatch, to which reference is made.
Very respectfully. JOHN D. LONG.
Secretary.
Mr. C. A. Boyn'nn, General Southern
Manager the Associated Press, Washing
ton. -
The reply of the Associated Press is
as follows:
WASHINGTON, Aug. 1.— Hon. John D.
Iiong, Secretary of the Navy— Sir: Your
favor of July 28 is at hand concerning ar
ticles published in the New York Times
and the New York Herald of the 19th
inst., in which certain opinions in regard
to mines are attributed to Commodore
Schley. This letter was not written by
either of our representatives with the
squadron off Santiago, but by another
gentleman who was temporarily on one
of your dispatch boats. The dispatch
was not subject to censorship. Our Mr.
Graham, who has been constantly with
Commodore Schley since his .squadron as
sembled at Hampton Roads, and is prob
ably more familiar with his views than
any new.spauer man at Santiago, takes
issue with the gentleman who wrote the
letter referred to, and says that Commo
dore Schley was always in complete ac
cord with Admiral Sampson as to the
question of entering the harbor. He
quotes Commodore Schley as saying:
"Admiral Sampson and I have always
agreed that it would be foolish to enter
the harbor with the mines in place, and
the condition of the mines proved that
Admiral Sampson was correct." Very
respectfully,
CHARLES A. BOYNTON.
Ing, containing Is. E. Deyoes' furniture,
store, was slightly damaged. •
The cause of the fire is a mystery, hut
Is supposed to have been incendiary' and to
have started in the huy loft of the livery
stable.
JUDGES AWARD THE
RACE TO M'DUFFEE
. PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 7.— The 25-mile
paced race between Eddie McDuffee and
Jimmy Michael, which was ridden yester
day at Willow Grove track, was to-night
awarded to McDuffee by Referee Uhler.
Michael led the first twenty miles, but
the referee withheld his decision, Mc-
Duffee's manager having lodged a. protest
at the end of the third mile that Michael
had more pacemakers than were specified
in the contract. The contract called for
thirty-two pacemakers to a side, and after
an investigation it was found that
Michael had thirty-nine. Under these cir
cumstances McDuffee was given the race.
RECORDS BROKEN BY
SACRAMENTO CYCLISTS
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 7.— ln the effort
to break the coast wheel amateur records
by the Capitol City Wheelmen to-day,
Hirsch on the three-lap board track, tan
dem-paced, flying start, equaled Peck's
half-mile record made at Marysvllle, May
30 last, of :57 seconds in the face of a
stout breeze. Noyea beat the three, four
and five mile records, unpaced. He made
the three miles in 7:32 against Brereton's
San Francisco record, August 22, 1896, of
7:471-5. He rode the four miles in 10:05 4-5
against Brereton's 1596 record of 10:29 2-5,
and beat the same rider's record of
13:291-6 made in 1596, by finishing the
live miles In 12:34 3-5.
Stmr. Grace Dollar will sail for St. Michael.
Guaranteed connections Yukon River points;
low mtos. Particulars 46 Ukt. or 632 Mkt., r. 8.
MEN WHO
NEED HELP!
The great men of the world need no help.
They are healthy. They are strong. They
have power. Those who need help dre those
who have weaknesses. Men who are full
of confidence know their strength. They
feel it in the vitality with which their sys-
tems tingle. They sleep well. They do
everything well. Vigorous as all men should
be, they have no fear and no dread of any-
thing. But there is life to be had for those
who are weak. Sensible treatment will
make a man Qut of a weakling. Sensible
treatment is the replacing of —
lost or depleted vitality. That Anil
is done by "Hudyan." "Hud- \(\\]
yan" could not accomplish '■
wonders were it not Nature's UN El
own remedy. But that is Just mi^ m^^ mm
what it is. It supplies the wasted tissue
with fresh life. It invigorates. It brings
sweet sleep. It makes nervous men full of
fire. It makes life a pleasure where it was
once misery. "Hudyan" is a life-giver.
Ask what that great array of 20,000 men
have said about it. No cent of expense to
you. Not one postage stamp even. Write
and ask for free medical advice, and if you
have a case of blood poison (t is given
quite as freely as if you were only weak.
It is only from the big Hudsonian Institute
that you can get "Hudyan."
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AMD ELLIS STS.,
tiaii Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver 6,000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISOBDEBS
Buch as Wind and Pain In the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge theni to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach*
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And h»vo the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drue Stores,
NOTICE TO VOTERS
PRECINCT REGISTRATION.
Office of the Registrar of Voters of the
City and County of San Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that the Boards
of Precinct Registration for the general
election to be held on Tuesday, the Bth
day of November, A. D. IS9B, will meet
in their respective precincts for the regis-
tration of voters and such other purposes
as are prescribed by law. on Wednes-
day, August 10, 1898, from 9 o'clock a. m.
until 10 o'clock p. m. daily for five (5)
days, until and including Monday. August
15, IS9B, on which day all registration
closes.
All electors who have not been regis-
tered for said general election are hereby
invited to present themselves for regis-
tration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will
sit as above for the purpose of register-
Ing all legal and qualified voters residing
in their precincts who have not regist-
ered at the office of the Registrar of
Voters since June 1, 1898.
Any person who has not registered
since June 1, IS9B, and fails to register
at the Boards of Precinct Registration
of the precinct in which he resides will
be debarred the privilege of voting at
such election.
In accordance with section 21 of the
"Act to Regulate the Registration of
Voters/ etc., the following places have
been secured for the sessions of the
Boards of Precinct Registration:
REGISTRATION PLACES.
Election November 8, 1898.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct — 430 Foisom.
Second Precinct— 2l6 Steuart.
Third Precinct — 403 Harrison.
Fourth Precinct — 415 Foisom.
Fifth Precinct— 266 First.
Sixth Precinct— so 3 Howard.
Seventh Precinct— l 62 First.
Eighth Precinct— l3l Second.
Ninth Precinct— ll2A First.
Tenth Precinct— s62 Mission.
Eleventh Precinct— s6 Spcond.
Twelfth Precinct-437 Third.
Thirteenth Precinct— 32 Hunt.
Fourteenth Precinct— C6s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 24l Third.
Sixteenth Precinct— los Third.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 32B Jessie.
Second Precinct— 6s Fourth.
Third Precinct— 343 Jessie.
Fourth Precinct— ll4Vs Fourth.
Fifth Precinct— 79l Mission.
Sixth Precinct— 222 Natoma.
Seventh Precinct— 3l3 Minna.
Eighth Precinct— 7s7B Howard.
Ninth Precinct— So4 Foisom.
Tenii_P_recinct— 7l6 Foisom.
Eleventh Precinct— 7s3 Foisom.
Twelfth Precinct— So3 Foisom.
Thirteenth Precinct— 4o6 Fourth.
Fourteenth Precinct— 36o Third.
Fifteenth Precinct — 407 Fourth.
Sixteenth Precinct— 424 Third.
Seventeenth Precinct— 493 Fourth.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 2s% Sixth.
Second Precinct— 36 Sixth.
Third Precinct— loo 6 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— 44o Minna.
Fifth Precmct— lo4o Howard.
Sixth Precinct— 44s Minna.
Seventh Precinct— 9s9 Howard.
Eighth Precinct— lo9l Howard.
Ninth Precinct— 2ls Sixth.
Tenth Precinct— 336 Sixth.
Eleventh Precinct— 327 Sixth.
Twelfth Precinct — 141 Sixth.
Thirteenth Precinct— 92l Harrison.
Fourteenth Precinct— 4lo Sixth.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 3l Eighth.
Second Precinct— l24S Mission.
Third Precinct— l 249 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— l 24 Eighth.
Fifth Precinct— l 74 Seventh.
Sixth Precinct— l32B Howard.
Seventh Precinct— l 437 Mission.
Eighth Precinct— 2o4 Ninth.
Ninth Precinct— l23s Howard.
Tenth Precinct^-ees Clementina.
Eleventh Precinct— llll Howard.
Twelfth Precinct— 4B9 Eighth.
Thirteenth Precinct— ll6l Foisom.
Fourteenth Precinct — 1215 Foisom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 426 Ninth.
Sixteenth Precinct— l4o7^ Foisom.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
Fust Frecinct— s29 Second.
Second Precinct — 344 Brannan.
Third Precinct— 6oB Third.
Fourth Precinct— sl4 Third.
Fifth Precinct— 4s2 Brannan.
Sixth Precinct— s3S Fourth.
Seventh Precinct— s2s Sixth.
Eighth Precinct— S3l Bryant.
Ninth Precinct— 7os Brannan.
Tenth Precinct— Co4Vi Ninth.
Eleventh Precinct— l 924 Bryant
Twelfth Preolnct— lsl4 Twentieth.
Thirteenth Precinct— lll2 Kentucky.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 3ool Twentieth.
Second Precinct— 3o26 Twenty-second.
Third Precinct— 3l42 Twenty-fourth.
Fourth Precinct— 29ll Harrison.
Fifth Precinct— 29s2 Twenty-foifrth.
Sixth Precinct— N. W. corner Twenty-
third and Alabama.
Seventh Precinct— 23os Bryant.
Eighth Precinct— 27o2 Twenty-fourth.
Ninth Precinct— l3o6 San Bruno.
Tenth Precinct— lsol Twentieth.
Eleventh Precinct— Bo7 Twenty-second.
Twelfth Precinct— N. W. corner Twen-
ty-second and Michigan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 Railroad aye.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o6 Railroad aye.
Fifteenth Precinct— l4ll Railroad aye.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— l6l2^ Foisom.
Second Precinct— lB4 Eleventh.
Third Precinct— lssl Market.
Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia.
Fifth Precinct— l64S Mission.
Sixth Prertnct— l7l3 Mission.
Seventh Precinct— l6o9 Foisom.
Eighth Precinct— l Bos Howard.
Ninth Precinct— ists Howard.
Tenth Precinct— SOUS Sixteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— 442 Valencia.
Twelfth Precinct— so 6 Valencia.
Thirteenth Frecinct— 2l23 Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct— 29ls Sixteenth.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2BBo Sixteenth.
Sixteenth Precinct— SE. corner Nine-
teenth and Shotwcll.
NOTICE TO VOTERS. ;
Seventeenth Precinct— Mission,
Eighteenth Precinct— Valencia. i
Nineteenth Precinct— B4B Valencia.
Twentieth Precinct— 9l4 Valencia.
Twenty-first Precinct— Nineteenths N
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY D I *
TRICT. v; :
First Precinct— 37B7 Twenty-fourth.
Second Precinct— 3449 Twenty-second,
Third Precinct— Valencia.
Fourth Precinct— Guerrero.
Fifth Precinct— .!62S Mission.
Sixth Precinct— 273s Mission.
Seventh Precinct-3204 Twenty-fourth.
Eighth Precinct— Valencia.
Ninth Precinct-3316 Mission.
Tenth Precinct-€OO Preclta avenue.
Eleventh Precinct— 3l. Mission.
Twelfth Precinct— Mission.
Thirteenth Precinct— 36Sl Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct— 4sll Mission.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
First Precinct— Seventeenth.
Second Precinct— Noe.
Third Precinct— 2l3 Church.
Fourth Precinct 3439 Sixteenth,
Fifth Preclnct-392 Dolores.
Sixth Precinct-506 Church.
Seventh Precinct— s24 Castro.
Eighth Precinct— E. corner Nl a «-
teenth and Castro. Sanchez.
Ninth Precinct— 94o Sanchez.
Tenth Precinct— Eighteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— 3S4s Twenty-fourth.
Twelfth 'Precinct— Sll Alvarado.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3lo Castro.
Fourteenth Precinct-409 Clipper. ,
Fifteenth Precinct— Twenty-eighth.
Sixteenth Precinct-N. W. corner Valley-
Seventeenth Precinct-4304 Twenty-first.
Eighteenth Precinct— S. E. corner X and
Tenth avenue. Thirtieth.
Nineteenth Precinct— l 9 Thirtieth.
Twentieth Precinct— l 2-14 French.
Twenty-first Precinct— S. W. comes
Ocean avenue and San Jose road.
Twenty-second Precinct— 9 Plymouth!
avenue.
THIRT— SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— Hayes.
Second Precinct— lB2B Market. ; •
Third Precinct— Page.
Fourth Precinct— E. corner Page and
Octavia.
Fifth Precinct— 47s Hayes.
Sixth Precinct— Laguna.
Seventh Precinct— slB Laguna.
Eighth Precinct— Lily avenue.
Ninth Precinct— 2ls3 Market.
Tenth Precinct— Fillmore.
Eleventh Precinct— 4s6 Haight.
Twelfth Precinct— Buchanan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o6 Fillmore.
Fourteenth Precinct— € 27 Haight.
Fifteenth Precinct— Devisadero.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4l6 Devisadero.
Seventeenth Precinct— Haight.
Eighteenth Precinct— 323 Devisadero.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3o3% Broderick.
Twentieth Precinct— Oak.
Twenty-first Precinct— E. cornea
Haight and Stanyan.
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-t
TRICT.
First Precinct— Turk. :..^::
Second Precinct— McAllister.
Third Precinct— 647 McAllister.
Fourth Precinct— Fulton.
Fifth Precinct— McAllister.
Sixth Precinct— Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— ls29 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— l 344 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— Golden Gate avenue.
Tenth Precinct— 6l7 Laguna.
Eleventh Precinct— Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— ls7l Turk.
Thirteenth Precinct— l 229 Steiner.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Devisadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Turk.
Sixteenth Precinct— l4B4 Fulton.
Seventeenth Precinct— Golden Gate
avenue.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2s44 McAllister.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DI -
TRICT.
First Precinct— Hayes.
Second Precinct— l3l Larkln.
Third Precinct— 36 Grove. -,:-■'-
Fourth Precinct— 333 Golden Gate avenue.
Fifth Precinct— 3l2 Golden Gate aye.
Sixth Precinct— Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— so 2 Ellis.
Precinct— 63s Ellis.
..Inth Precinct— Larkin.
Tenth Precinct— 6o3 Larkln.
Eleventh Precinct— 7oo Eddy.
Twelfth Precinct— 7o2 Larkin.
Thirteenth Precinct— Jones.
Fourteenth Precinct— S. E. Corner Geary
and Leavenworth. ■% • i ■ '
Fifteenth Precinct— 79CA Geary. -
Sixteenth Precinct— lo22 Sutter. -. :'■ :*-.-
Seventeenth Precinct— O'Farrell. .. .-:<?.
Eighteenth Precinct— Post.
Nineteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk.
Twentieth Precinct— l4s2 California.
Twenty-first Precinct— California.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— l 629 Pine.
Second Pi ecinct— ls2s Bush.
Third Precinct— l 669 Post.
Fourth Precinct— Laguna.
Fifth Precinct— lSl4 Laguna.
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine.
Seventh Precinct— 2oo7% Fillmore.
Eighth Precinct— Fillmore.
Ninth Precinct— Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— Fillmore.
Eleventh Precinct— Devisadero.
Twelfth Precinct— 2oo2 Devisadero.
Thirteenth Precinct— California. p^-
Fourteenth Precinct— 222B Geary.
Fifteenth Precinct— Sutter.
Sixteenth Precinct— 29o3 Pine.
Seventeenth Precinct— l4so Central ava.
Eighteenth Precinct— l2o9 Point Lobos.
Nineteenth Precinct— N. W. cornel}
Ninth and Point Lobos avenues.
Twentieth Precinct— Point Lobos.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
First Precinct— Jackson. ;
Second Precinct— l7o2 Hyde.
Third Precinct— Hyde.
Fourth Precinct— Hyde.
Fifth Precinct— Larkin.
Sixth Precinct— l6o6 Pacific avenue.
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk.
Eighth Precinct— Pacific avenue.
Ninth Precinct— 2322 Fillmore.
Tenth Precinct— lSl3 Vallejo.
Eleventh Precinct— S. E. corner Octavia
and Greenwich.
Twelfth Precinct— Webster.
Thirteenth Precinct— l 942 Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— Fillmore (rear).
Fifteenth Precinct— Sacramento.
Sixteenth Precinct— Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— 293l Washington,
Eighteenth Precinct— 27ss Greenwich. .
Nineteenth Precinct— 3647 Sacramento.
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DI 3 -
TRICT.
First Precinct— 131 Turk.
Second Precinct-^4 Taylor.
Third Preclnct-137 Taylor.
Fourth Precinct— 3l7 1 * i arrell.
Fifth Precinct— arrell.
Sixth Precinct— sSl Geary.
Seventh Preclnct-606 Post.
Eighth Preclnct-1235% Pine.
Ninth Precinct— l 342 Sacramento. •
Tenth Prectnct-N. W. corner Pine an*
Mason (booth).
Eleventh Precinct— llo2 Clay.
Twelfth Precinct— Pacific.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo2G Hyde.
Fourteenth Preclnct-1426 Washington.
Fifteenth Precinct— l 237 Broadway.
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 9 Eddy.
Second Precinct— Powell.
Third Precinct— 392 Geary-
Fourth Precinct-222 Stockton.
Fifth Precinct-302 Stockton.
Sixth Precinct— 6oB Suiter.
Seventh Precinct— 3o7 Grant avenu* ; ;,,
Fighth Precinct-522 California.
Ninth Precinct— 4o3 Dupont. f
Tenth Precinct — 141 Bush.
Eleventh Precinct— € 49 Broadway.
Twelfth Precinct— 926 Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo24 Clay.
Fourteenth Precinct— Mason.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
r TRICT.
First Precinct— 6o6 Broadway.
Second Precinct— soo Broadway.
Third Precinct— ls39 Mason.
Fourth Precinct— l6lo Stockton.
Fifth Precinct— l72o Stockton.
Sixth Precinct— Francisco.
Seventh Precinct— Lombard.
Eighth Precinct— 22ls Powell.
Ninth Precinct— Montgomery avenue.
Tenth Precinct— Bo3 - ilbert.
Eleventh Precinct— Union.
Twelfth Precinct— l6o2 Mason.
Thirteenth Precinct— 722 Lombard.
Fourteenth Precinct— N. W. cornet
Broadway and Jones.
Fifteenth Precinct— Filbert.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
First Precinct— Trinity.
Second Precinct— 332 Bush.
Third Precinct— l 23 Lcidesdorff. ,-i. ■
Fourth Precinct— Merchant.
Fifth Precinct— Montgomery avenue.
Sixth Precinct— Jackson.
Seventh Precinct— llo Drumm.
Eighth Precinct 4o4 Drumm.
Ninth Precinct— 33o Broadway.
Tenth Precinct — Broadway.
Eleventh Precinct— 7ls% Davis.
Twelfth Precinct— Union.
W. J. BIGGY,
Registrar of Voter*.SHAFTER'S MEN
ARE RETURNING
FROM SANTIAGO
"Transportation of the Invading
Army Back to the United
States Has Begun.
;.-•'!'. Aug 7.— The troops
\- «f- (General Bhafter's command at San
': tlage> "have begun to leave Cuba for the
• '.Tr. 1 .;; >1 States. Apirt of two regiments
' .hf.' cavalry are now en route from San
• tiapci . io Montauk Point, L. L, as indi
cated in the following dispatch, re
-nieht at the War Depart
ment from General Shafter:
• :..:- ""SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 7.—Ad
; .:jut:uat General, Washington: Gate
■ ■'i'iiy, "with 550 men, Third and Sixth
. VC.avalry, has sailed for Montauk Point
."'th'is.rhorninj.;.
; ■.■ "SHAFTER, Major General."
, : . Three other transports bearing troops
.wili leave Santiago to-morrow and two
■-are Scheduled to leave on Tuesday. All
■■.©ithem will sail for Montauk Point.
£lqw progress likely
pt ; in the embarkation
>'..?■ WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— Secretary
• ■'■ Alger is' apprehensive that the small
" '.^hariage resources of Santiago will
•' seriously retard the execution of the
/department's orders for the speedy re
■'turn-to the United States of Shafter's
! "army corps. With the Spanish steam
.:'. ers" coming in to take away the sur
' rendered army of General Toral. which
..-roust be removed before it will be safe
■'■■■io withdraw the whole of the American
: force, it is .going to be difficult to era
.."bark."bark "the latter without incurring dan
. ger of a severe congestion in the un
• healthy town. General Shafter has
been 'instructed by cable to describe the
state of affairs and he will be given all
the -.help in the power of the War De
: partment, but it is believed that th«
■whole of Shatter's soldiers cannot be
'embarked before the Ist of September.
Meanwhile the big hospital and camp
"• at Montauk Point is being rapidly put
'into readiness for their receipt- As.
there is a doubt as to the ability of the
transports to come alongside the wharf
in Fort Pond harbor provision will be ,
made .for a number of light-draft
steamers.to take the men ashore from
the l?ig steamers.
An 'order has been issued by Adju
tant "General Corbin for the One Hun
dre4-and. Sixty-first Indiana Volunteer
'•••irifant'iT..\now at Camp Mount, Indian
■ olisj t-.'> proceed at once to Jackson
• : for"-'duty with the Seventh Army
" ■ Corf*. •' '" , ,
: - ' The following telegram was receivr-a
■to-day •■'■fr.>m Brigadier General Duf
; fifeld; who "has returned to the united
' State's from Santiago, where he was
•stricken by yellow fever. The officers j
* named in the dispatch have been fur- i
coughed, by the War Department and;
.v ordered' to their homes: ,■.;, ' j
••'PORT TAMPA, Fla., Aug. 6.— Adjutant
. .General, Washington: Thank you very
;• much for your dispatch. Dr. beddings.
■In charge of quarantine, will facilitate
" our departure in. every way in bis power. j
••■.Ploase express to Secretary my appre
ciation of his- remembrances. The names
of the officers affected by your telegram
■ ure- 'Brigadier General Henry M. *)ur
'''field V S. V., Detroit. Mich.; Colonel
' -Charles L. Boynton, Thirty-third Michi
can Port Huron, Mich.; Lieutenant Colo
:' lie! L; J. Logan, Ninth Massachusetts,
•••' Boston; Major Henry M. Wessells; Third
''United. States Cavalry. Jefferson Bar
racks' Mb.; Maior Victor C. Vaughn, a ir
;■; ■ p....n'AnTl Arbor. Mich.; Major Merritt
W^bh' Thirty-third Michigan. Monroe.
:::.MtchS Major D. B. Wilson. Commissary.
•KoFth Abirigton, Mass.; Captain C. M.
.Norden. Seventh United States Infantry.
' Fort -Logan. Colo.: Captain D.W.Wilcox;
• Assistant Adjutant General Washington.
DC • Captain J. B. Dunn. Ninth Massa
•' ch'u-etts,. Boston; First Lieutenant C. E.
: Wl!kinS. Second United States Infantry:
• First Lieutenant 8. E. Smiley. Fifteenth
..United- States Infantry Bridgetown. N. |
•J- First Lieutenant Mark L. Horsey. ;
' Twelfth t nited States Infantrj'. East |
-Corinth. Me,: First Lieutenant C. H.
•r;• r; Reeves 'Sixth United States Cavalry.
: ' Canter Ala.; First Lieutenant .T. W. Bar- ;
■ker Third United States Infantry. Syra- .
cuse -N-'Y' Second Lieutenant Rudolph j
Haas, Thirty-fourth Michigan. Houghton, j
.'■ Mich'.: Second Lieutenant C. ° Re ij l y At; I
• •:-£rison.. Thirty-third Michigan, Detroit;
"Second Lieutenant Thomas F. Sullivan.
• •Kmth--Massnchusetts. Boston; Acting As
■ sistant Surgeon Frank Donaldson, New
• ..York- ..City. HKXRV M DUFFIELD,
..f '. .- ' . Brigadier General Volunteers.
ROUGH RIDERS START
ON THE VOYAGE HOME
SANTIAGO. Aug. 7.— The First Reg
ular Cavalry and the First Volunteer
•■' Cavalry, (the "Rough Riders") sailed
• to-day .on the transports Miami and
•Jklattewan.
. ' Of the Rough Riders the following:
' remain here sick: William Tiffany,
Troop X; Corporal Edgar A. Schwartz,
.Troop G, and Private William B. Holt,
Troop E; F. G. Whalen, Troop A, and
A. Steadman, Troop D. They will prob
ably- leave in ten days in care of Dr.
■ (jonzal.es. Cummings' Battery will sail
to-day in the Vigilancia.
v . The Rough Riders came to town by
fail from their camp at 1 o'clock this
r afternoon. At the station they foil into
liTie X each company being preceded by
.'./ - red and white banner bearing the
' number of the regiment and the com
tetter. Colonel Roosevelt rode at
th^ head of the regiment as it marched
down the alameda, skirting the water
front to the dork where the Miami was
Xxnoor-edJ All th* men looked fit. but
out. They presented a picturesque
iran.ee. Some wore new khaki unl
'.'.jfoftns;- while others were attired in
• ligavy . blue flannel shirts, with their
All expressed regret at
: their companions behind, but
Were' wild with joy at tho prospect of
BQ soon returning home. They take no
tents nor baggage with thorn.
'■-../The work of < mbarkation was very
easy ami was quickly performed. The |
men are eager to return for the Ha- ;
napaign in the fall.
:.:■• Ldeutenant Stedbers of the Fourth!
Cavalry and Lieutenant Rivers of the
.Third Cavalry, members of General
Young's staff, who, «im>e General!
Young left Siboney Bick, have been on \
..General Wood's staff, have been or-,
' .j].t(-i\ to report to General Young at I
Mohtauk Point at once and will leave!
on' the Miami.
A meeting of officers of the Military
Society at Santiago was held to-day
at the Palace and the election of offl
■cers toak place. Genera] Shafter was
elected president, General Wheeler first
• vice-president and Major Sharp secre
• tary.
SldK AND WOUNDED
REACH FORT MONROE
:". FORT MONROE, Va., Au-. 7.— One
hundred and seven sick and wounded
•poldi-ers who arrived hero from Santi
. ago .yesterday on the transport No. 30,
the Lampassas, were taken to the post
hospital this afternoon. It is believed
that but few of the men are In a serious
condition. There was no suspicious
fever aboard. About 125 men who have
been In the hospital here left to-night
on the Washington steamer for Wash
ington Barracks. These men are con
valescent.
TO IMPROVE THE
SANITARY CONDITIONS
CH7CKAMAUGA, Ga... Aug. 7.— The
improvement of the sanitary condition
of the regimental camps is the one ab
; sorbing matter at the park now. Defl
i nite plans wiil have been formulated
within a clay or two, after which the
management of the camp will be under
new and very rigid regulations as re
gards the disposition of garbage and
refuse matter and the preparation and
; serving of food. All drinking water
i will be boiled, and this regulation is
i one which will not in future be deviated
j from. Another condition it is hoped to
! bring about as early as possible is that
: of having the tents of all the men pro
: vided with board llovi's.
With the still further purpose of add
ing to the health conditions, practice
i marches are being arranged for. On
Ihursday of this week the engineer of
ficers of all the divisions will go out to
those marches, and the regiments will
locate the most practical routes for
; be sent put later by brigades in heavy
marching order for a four-days' ab
j senee from the park. The march will
cover about sixty miles going and rnm
inp, and the men will occupy Bhelter
• tents at night. Numerous furloughs
are being granted convalescents, in ac
cordance with the recent order to allow
: patients recovering from serious illness
i thirty days' furlough ar.d transporta
tion homo.
Concho's Troops Transferred.
XEW YORK, Aug. 7.— The convales
cent troops from the transport Concho
were transferred from Swinburne Is
land to the camp hospital at Govern
or's Island to-day. The transport L#ou
isiana still remains at anchor off Quar
antine waiting orders. She will prob
ably proceed to the city to-morrow
morning.
REPORTS THE WRECK OF
THE STEAMER GUSSIE
Little Side-Wheel Filibuster Seen on
the Colorado Banks. Off West
Coast of Cuba,
NEW YORK, A up. 7.— The steamer An
! des of the Atlas line has arrived here
I from Port Llmon, Costa Rica. Her offi
! cers report that on August 2 the wreck
I Of the steamer Guissie was seen en the
I Colorado Hanks, off th*> west coast of j
I Cuba. The walking beam and paddle
boxes were about all that was visible.
The Gussie is a small side-wheel
steamer, and has been used for several
expeditions to Cuba. She left Key West
for Santiago on July 23 and arrived on
; July 27. Quartermaster Humphries at
Santiago was cabled several days ago
from Washington for news as to her
■whereabouts. He replied that she was
not in Santiago.
WASHINGTON, Aug. Adjutant Gen
1 eral Corbin said to-night that, while no ,
definite information had been received by '
■■ the War Department concerning; the !
steamer Gussie, reported lost off the
; southwest coast of Cuba, he was reason
ably sure the vessel was safe. She was)
sent to Santiago with supplies, and from '
: there was to go to Porto Rico with ord
nance stores for the army of invasion
Dispatches about transports from both
General Shafter and General Miles were
received 1 to-day, and as no reference la j
'■ made to the Gussie, it is taken for grant-
I ed that she is carrying out the programme
I arranged for hor.
NAVAL CHANGES TO BE
MADE WHEN WAR ENDS
Dewey to Be Betained at the Asiatic
Station — Assignment of the
Other Commanders Uncertain.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— A Washlnsr
to special to the Herald says: Secre
tary Long has announced that as soon
j as the war is ended all old stations will
be reformed. Rear Admiral Dewey will
, remain in command of the Asiatic
1 Equadron because of his acquaintance
! with the Philippine problem and his
general ability. Commodore Howell.
who was brought home from the Eu
ropean station, may. return there as
comrr.ander-in-chief of a strong force.
This leaves Rear Admiral Sampson,
Commodore Watson and Commodore
Schley to be provided for.
Rear Admiral Sampson will undoubt
edl- be kept ailoat. either in command
of the Northern or European station,
and command of the Pacific station will
go to either Commodore Watson or
: Commodore Schley, with the chances
greatly in the former's favor. Com
; modore Schley may possibly return to
'' his old duty as chairman of the Light
house Board.
GOOD BLOCKADE WORK
OF THE TUG HUDSON
Sinks One Little Spanish Sloop and
Captures Another Off Car
denas.
KEY WEST, Aug. 7.— The tug Hud
i son, which has been with the ITncas on
the north coast blockade, sank a little
Spanish sloop a few nights ago and
captured another one off Cardenas yes
terday. The captured sloop was the
: Christina, and was loaded with fish, a
quantity of which was served up for
i breakfast by the Hudson's men, who
had been out for a month and had little
■ left in the way of provisions. Three
Spaniards were on the Christina, but
j put off in their tender when they saw
j the Hudson approaching, and gained
a key just off shore.
The converted yacht Oneida also
' came from the blockade to-day. She
| reports that day before yesterday a
• body of opanish infantry fired about
i thirty rifle-shots at her from a point on
the beach r everal mil^s east of Morro
I Castle. The gunboat did not return the
j fire.
Chartered for a Transport.
SEATTLE, Aug. 7.— The steamer Alli
ance, which arrived here last night from
St. Michael, has been chartered by the
Government for a transport. She will
Bail for San Francisco In a few days.
Will Fight at Vancouver.
SEATTLE, Aug. 7.— Articles of agree
ment have just been signed by "Jack"
Green of Seattle and "Jack" Downey of
Brooklyn, X. V., ror a 20-rounrl go at
catch "weights, Marquis of Queen.sbury
rules, to he fought at Vancouver. The
event will come off between August 25
on<l SO, with a side bet of $500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,
REA'S MINIONS
WELL COACHED
Determined to Carry the
Primaries.
STUFFING TO BE ATTEMPTED
"BOSS" CONTROLS ELECTION
OFFICEKS.
Honest Republicans of Santa Clara
County Need to Be Alert at
the Polls on Wednes
day. <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 7.— A1l Is bustle in
the Rea camp these days and active
preparations are under way to capture
the primaries next Wednesday. The
"boes" has given his lieutenants ex
plicit instructions, and if necessary
they will attempt to stuff the ballot
boxes to carry the day. The First and
Fourth wards of this city will be the
battle-ground, and It is there the Rea
forces are hard at work.
The election officers appointed for the
polls in this city are all Rea men. This
will give the gang an unequal advan
tage over the better element of the peo
ple, but the latter, aided by the Good
Government Club, are determined to
overcome the obstacles placed In their
way. If necessary force will be used
to insure a fair election.
The following list of election officers,
appointed at "Boss" Rea's dictat'on,
! shows how the gang has captured the
! election booths:
First Ward — Judge, Henry Welch; In
1 speetor, Bert Fattens. Welch has a
daughter In the schools and is ready to
do the gang's bidding.
Second Ward— Judge. George W. I-.ee;
inspector, P. C. Jacobs. Lee was Jani
tor of a school at one time and has the
' promise of another janitorahip.
Third Ward— Judge, William Dreisich
meyer; inspector, G. A. Clark.
Fourth Ward — Judge, J. I. Bradley; ln
; speetor, Joseph F. \ Illar. Llradley is
i finance clerk to the Board of Supervisors
i and Villar the manager of the California
Club, where all political schemes are
i hatched.
From this list It will be seen that un
less the good citizens turn out on the
day of the -rimaries and take off their
! coats the gang will have things it? own
way. It is in the First and Fourth
: that the election will be hottest. An
attempt will be made to steal these two
wards. The Democratic members of the
I gang have been told to turn out and
■ vote and all sorts of promises have
\ been made to ~°t the independent and
i well-meaning Republicans into line. So
j sure Is Rea of being able to control
I this territory that he had the number
of delegates in each of these wards in
creased. By getting these wards It is
' proposed to offset the opposition that
! has arisen to the boss at Santa Clara
1 and other suburbs. There are 165 dele
1 gates in the county convention, and
I with the First and Fourth wards solid
I Rea will have twenty-four delegates to
start with. Of the 165 vites in th<? con
vention 107 are from outside precincts.
The gang figures on getting the sixty
five in the city and enough from the
i outside districts to give a majority.
Outside of the city the fight will be
a hard one. The Good Government
Club has organized every precinct and
the members will make h gallant nerht
to +T-~a the Republican party from cor
ruption and boss rule. To offset thf>
good influences aroused by the < — aniz
ation the county 1 funds are beln" us«<l.
Roads are being built, bridges con
structed and all sorts of count- work
I bel. done by the different Supervisors,
and those who arc opposed to Rea and
his methods are being sought and given
employment. By this means it is pro
i posed to reconcile the dissenters and
' get them into line to vote.
DR. M'LAREN REPLIES
TO THE GANG'S THREATS
RAN JOSE, Aug. 7.— Rev. Dr. Mo- j
Laren of the Second Presbyterian
Church takes an active interest in mu
nicipal affairs. About a month ago
from his pulpit he made charges of im
morality against members of the fac
ulty of the High School. Since then
Boss Rea, Principal Shumate of the
High School and others have been en
deavoring to silence him. In this they
have been unsuccessful, and as a last
resort have threatened to have the
| young lady teachers belonging to his
church dismissed from the School De
partment. Rev. Mr. McLaren touched
upon this in his sermon this morning.
I There was a large congregation present
and Intense interest prevailed during :
the remarks. At the close there was a
loud "amen" all over the church. He
said in part:
Let us consider tne strange and alarm
ing condition in our city. Our beautiful
High School building, where we expected
our children to be educated, surrounded
by the most ennobling influences, is ap
proaching completion, "but the young peo
ple for whom it was erected are turning
away and refusing to enter it. I have met
many of them and heard them give their
reasons for the stand they have taken
and 1 know that they feel as strongly as
ever heroes did in battle that they are
standing for a great principle, and par
ents will assume a grave responsibility
if they compel them to violate their con
victions. I have examined this matter
carefully and speak deliberately and with
earnest feeling. •
In 184S Louis Philippe, the King of the
French, awoke one morning In the Tull
leries and heard shouts and a great tu
mult in the streets of Paris. He said to
his Prime Minister:
"There seems to be a riot In the city."
And the reply was: "Ho, sire, It is not
a riot; it is a revolution."
A few minutes later the King was hur
rying out of Paris In peril of his life, and
the Orleans dynasty was ended.
There are a few people In San Jo?" who '
affect to sneer at the action of the young '
men and women of our High Schooi its a
riot due to a restless spirit and a senti
mental love for a teacher who has been
removed. But this is not a riot nor a
reckless burst of feeling; It is a "revolu
tion."
The principle for which these young
people stand lies in the fact that there is
a part of the faculty of the High School
for which they have lost all respect. Pro
fessor Smith was removed from his posi
tion, and newspapers under the influence
of his enemies have hurled columns of
abuse upon him. His pupils caerlsfa for
him the most profound respect. They
indignantly resent the treatment 1 he has
received. This has determined the time
and manner of this revolution, but it is
not the cause of it, and they will never
voluntarily return to the school until this
hateful condition Is removed. -
The character of the disgraceful state
of affairs Is, as I said In a former dis
course, common fame all over our city.
The existence of this common fame needs
no proof— it proves Itself. Go almost any
where and you can hear it. In person find
by letter I have received countless . ex
pressions of approval and pledges of sup
port in the stand we have taken, some of
these even coming from persons In close
official touch with the High School. From
other sources I ,have received warnings
and threatenings. A threat comes "that
unless we let this matter drop all the
young lady teachers in our church will
lose their : positions." This has an old
familiar sound. If .It ever silenced a
preacher, I predict it never ' will again.
The Spanish ptyle of warfare Is an abom
ination all over the world— slaughtering
defenseless women and proclaiming a great
victory; persecuting young lady teachers
Instead of fighting fairly in the open field
with men!
Another made the warning: "You can
not win. When you get through the gang
will be on top. and where will you be?
There is a fatal mistake here. Such a
warning has no terrors for a preacher of
righteousness. When Noah got through
preaching to his generation the deluge
came, and where were his enemies and
where was he? When Abraham got
through interceding for Sodom, the day
of its judgment came. When Christ got
through warning and weeping over Jeru
salem the day of its doom came. And
when the preachers of righteousness of
San Jose get through there will be no
corrupt gang on top.
Our prayer to God is that there may be
no judgment on our city, but rather a
triumph of glory and honor.
Monterey's Republican Club.
MONTEREY, Aug. 7.— A Republican
club has been organized In this city, and
has alre«dy a membership roll of 100
names. The organization has called itself
i the Thomas Flint Republican Club and
! is composed of most of the best Repub
lican voters In the town. Its officers are:
President, T. J. Field, vice-president of
the Bank of Monterey and Supervi
sor of Monterey County; first vice
president, Fred C. Michaells. editor of the:
Monterey Cypress; second vice-president,
A. Gunzendorfer: secretary, C. R. Few,
ex-Mayor of Monterey; treasurer, F. M.
Ililby. Both Gunzendorfer and Hilby are
prominent merchants here. The club's
executive committee consists of 11. N.
Whitcomb, W. J. Towle and J. R. Lees©.
Del Norte Nominees.
CRESCENT CITY, Aug. 7.— The Re
publican nominating committee met last
night and named the following ticket:
H. F. Webster, Sheriff; D. W. Finch,
County Clerk; J. A. Johnson, Assessor;
John L. Childs, District Attorney; Frank
Cruslus, Tax Collector; W. F. Malone,
Auditor and Recorder; A. C. Rauslnn,
County School Superintendent; J. B.
' Glidden. Coroner and Public Administra
tor; William Strain, W. 11. Morrison and
W. H. Woodbury, delegates-at-large.
Mendocino Representatives.
VKIAII, Augr. 7.— The Republican con
! vention at Point Arena elected as dele
i gates to the State Convention three men
who favor Flint for Governor and eight
others divided between Brown and Par
dee. The nominee for the Assembly was
instructed to vote for U. S. Grant for Sen
j ator. _^__
RUSSIA PRACTICALLY
CLOSES THE OPEN DOOR
Takes Possession of New Chwang,
North China— A Report That
May Console England.
LONDON, Aug. B.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
Russia is now practically in possession
of New Chwang, and "the open door"
in North China is already shut.
The correspondent of the Daily News
at Odessa gives under reserve a report
that the Russian Charge d'Affaires at
Peking (M. Pavloff) will soon be re
moved, and ho regards It as Indicating
a Russian backdown.
EAGER TO RACE FOR
THE AMERICA CUP
Royal Ulster Yacht Club Hopes That
Its Challenge Will Be
Accepted.
LONDON, Aug. 7.— Secretary H. C. Kel
ly of the Royai Ulster Yacht Club does
not expect an answer to the communica
tionß to the New York Yacht Club rela
tive to the arrangement for races for the
America cup mucn before the end of the
week. He realised that a council of the
New York Yacb* Club must be summon
ed to discuss the matter, and -while he
earnestly hopes for nn acceptance he rec
ognizes that the New York Yacht Club
has difficulties to surmount, owing 1 to the
members being sc_uered on account of
the war with Spain and for other rea
sons.
Yesterday's cable dispatch was simply
a notification that i»ie Royal Ulster Yacht
Club would do itself the honor to chal
lenge for the cup if agreeable to the New
York Yacht Club. All connected with the
challenge show the keenest int jrest. and
Mr. Kelly says they •will allow nothing
ti» debar them from competing for the
coveted trophy, except a uefinite rt-funal
on the part of the New York Yacht Club.
There Is every disposition to meet the
wishes of the New York Yacht Club, and
In the event of the latter nndlng difficul
ties in arranging for a race in IS?9 owing
to possible disorganization. caused by the
Hispano-Ameriean war, the challengers
will ask that the matter be postponed for
a year, and that no other challenge bo
accepted. It eeemfi. however, from pre
liminary Inquiries as to whether a chal
lenge would be agreeable that one -would
be cordially welcomed, find Harland &
Wolff are preparing a building slip.
The delegation from the Royal Ulster
Yacht Club, which will sail for New York
on August 24. consists of Secretary H. C.
Kelly, Vice Commodore Major R. G.
Sharman-Crawford find H. •■*. Gildowny.
The Associated Press learns that the
real animus of the comment and mls-
Btatements of me Field In Its last issue
atv due to the fnct that Sir Thomas I,ip
ton forestalled another challenge which
was contemplated by certain yachtsmen,
1 acked by a millionaire, proocbly Sir
George Newnes.
ORIOLES FAIL TO
CHECK THE REDS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. 1* Pet. I Clubs— W. L,. Pet.
Cincinnati ..65 32 .070 Plttsburg ...6o 44 .532
Boston . 58 15 .624 ! Philadelphia 42 48 .467
Cleveland ....'8 35 .624 (Brooklyn ....36 B6 .331
Baltimore ...52 3S .578 1 Louisville ...37 61 .373
New York 61 41 ,868' Washington 32 59 .352
Chicago ..;..E3 43 .662 St. 1»ui5.....27 70 .273
CINCINNATI. Aug. The Orioles
were unable to hit Dammann oppor
tunely to-day, and the Reds won an ex
citing game. Attendance 12,465. Score:
Clubs- »• «• E
Cincinnati • ♦ o I
Baltimore ,-\Vy. «, 8 ?
Batteries— Dammann anil Peitz; Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— GafTney and Brown.
CHICAGO, Aug. 7.— The Pittsburgh
played the best ball to-day, fielding near
ly perfectly and hitting Just at the right
time Ely's play was the feature. At
tendance '5800. Score:
Clubs- £• H. E.
Chicago • I 6 3
Plttsburg *■ 4 4 1
Batteries— Griffith and Donohue; Gardner and
Bowennan. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. The Browns lost
both games to-day to the Giants. In the
first which was very one-sided, the
Browns were unable to hit Seymour. Both
Garrick and Sudhoff were hit hard in the
second. Attendance S6OO. Score first
game: '
Clubs- R- H. E
New York 12 13 2
St. Louis I"A'"m V," 1 5-3
Batteries— Seymour and Grr.dy: Hu^hey, Oil
pntrltk. Canwy and Clements. Umpires— Emslie
and Hunt.
ore, t-econd game.
Clubs- ■■-, ;.: : :.-.":.- n. 11. c
New York 8 14 C
St Louis • ° 11 2
Batteries— Carrlck and Grady: Rudhoff and
Clements. Umpires— Kmslle and Hunt.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. The 'Lionels re
ceived quite a setback to-day, losing two
frames to Brooklyn. Fraser was knocked
out of the box in the first. The Colonels
started out like winners in the. second,
but the Trolley Dodgers batted out the
game. Attendance 9COO. Score first game:
Clubs- £• H. E.
Brooklyn 8 11 0
Louisville ••••• •;• » « 3
Hiitt.-rles— Kennedy and Ryan; Fraser, Alt
reck find Klttridß';. -Umpires— O'Daj- and Mc-
Donald.
Score, second game:
Clubs— • . 5- H. E.
Brooklyn ••••6 12 2
Louisville •••• ••• 663
I-iatterles— McKenna and Orlm: Dowllng and
Powers. Umpires— O 1 Day and McDonald.
The Press Club Outing.
SAN JOSE. Aug. ".—Members of the
San Francisco Press Club enjoyed them
selves on their outing here to-day. A
number of the visitors made the trip to
Lick Observatory and the rest spent the
day visiting various resorts about the
city. The two days' festivities closed this
evening with a dinner at the Vendome.
The members left for home this evening
at 10:30 on a special train.
AUGUST 8, 1898.
EX-EMPRESS
EUGENIE ILL
Her Condition Reported
Serious.
NEARING THE END OF LIFE
FOR YEARS AN EXILE FROM
HER NATIVE LAND.
Career of the Talented Woman Whose
Beauty and Mental Gifts Won
the Heart of the Third
Napoleon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Aug. 7.— Ex-Empress Eu
genic Is reported seriously ill.
Eugenic, ex-Empress of the French
and widow of Louis Napoleon, Is the
daughter of Dona Maria Kirkpatrick
of Closeburn, Dumfriesshire, Countess
Dowager de Montljo, whose father was
English Consul at Malaga at the per
iod of ?»«■- marriage with the Count de
Montijo, an officer in the Spanish army.
On the death of the Count de Montijo
his widow was left a fortune adequate
to the maintenance of the position of
herself and two daughters, one of
whom married the Duke of Alba and
Berwick.
For Eugenic, the Countess Teba, a
higher destiny was reserved. In 1851,
accompanied by her mother, Bhe naid
a long visit to Paris, where, at the
various entertainments given at the
Tuileries, she was distinguished by the
di~nity and elegance of her demeanor
and by her great personal beauty, of
the aristocratic English rather than
the Spanish style. Her mental gifts
were not less attractive.
Shortly after the opposition of a
higher northern power had put an end
to the idea of a union between Em
peror Napoleon 111 and the Princess
Carolawasa of Sweden he a^rlsed the
Council of Ministers of his intended
marriage with the daughter of the
Countess Montijo, a measure which ex
cited some disapproval among them
and even led to their temporary with
drawal from office. During the short
time that intervened between the an
nouncement of the approaching event
and Its realization Countess Teba and
her mother took up their abode in the
Palace d'Elysee. The marrlafe was
celebrated with much magnificence on
January 29. 1853, at Notre Dame, the
Empress then being in her twenty
third year. On March 16, 1856, she be
came the mother of an heir to the
house of Bonaparte.
Up to the outbreak of the -war be
tween France and Germany her life
was comparatively uneventful, being
passed chiefly in the ordinary routine
of state etiquette. When the war was
declared and Emperor Napoleon
took the field the Empress was ap
pointed regent (July 27, 1870). Imme
diately after the revolution in Paris,
on September 4, she hastily left the
Tuileries and escaped from France,
landing five days later at Ryde, in the
Isle of Wight, and shortly afterward
Joining the Prtnce Imperial at Hast
ings. Camden House, at Chiselhurst,
was subsequently selected as a resi
dence for the imperial exiles. In the
following year the Empress went to
Spain on a visit to her mother.
Emperor Napoleon 111 died at
Chiselhurst on January 9, 187, and in
1879 the Prince Imperial, who had ac
companied the English army in the
Zulu war, was killed. His body was
brought to England and buried at
Chiselhurst, and on the following year.
on the anniversary of her son's death,
the Empress went to Zululand to visit
the fatal spot. In 1881 she removed from
Camden House to the Farnborough
estate In Hampshire, close to the bor
ders of the County of Surrey.
DEATH OF COLONEL
JAMES 0. BROADHEAD
Was a Leading Democrat of Missouri
and Minister to Switzerland
Under Cleveland.
ST. T,OT*IS. Aug. 7.— Colonel James O.
Broadhead. Minister to Switzerland under
Cleveland, Is dead as the result of a dis
ease from which he has been wasting
nway for some time. He leaves a widow
and three children — Mrs. William Hosten,
Miss Mary Broadheud and C. S. Broad
head.
Colonel Broadhead. who was born in
Virginia, came to this State when 1G
years of age. Soon after becoming of age
he engaged in the practice of law. At
the breaking out of the Civil War he did
much to preserve Missouri to the Union,
and in tho Rummer of 18C1 he was ap
pointed Provost Marshal of this depart
ment. In 3P95 ho became a member of the
law firm of Broadhead. Stayback & Heus
pler. Colonel Broadhead was elected to
Congress in 18S2. At the beginning of
President Cleveland's second term Mr.
Broadhead was appointed United State 3
Minister to Switzerland. Mr. Broadhead
was one of the leaders of the Democratic
party of the country for a number of
years, and at the National Democratic
Convention In 1888 he received a good
many votes for President, Including the
sixteen votes of Missouri.
OFFICIALS SEARCH FOR
EVIDENCE OF ARSON
Suspicious Circumstances Surround
ing the Saturday Conflagration
in Sausalito.
SAUSALITO. Aug. 7.— The town author
ities and the insurance agents are mak
ing a thorough investigation of the cir
cumstances surrounding the flre which
destroyed much valuable property and
came near destroying the whole water
front yesterday morning.
George Ryan, A. Lawrence's bookkeep
er, was one of the first at the fire. He
saya it originated in some empty boxes
and barrels piled against the side of the
building, and the blaze wm bright enough
at the time to show the Interior of the
store unharmed. The fire might then have
been cxtingulsnod If water had been plen
tiful, a fact that shows the lamentable
situation should a lire start in the more
thickly populated portion of the town.
About a month ago Lawrence's store
was tilled with straw soaked in kerosene
oil and a lighted candle placed so that
the straw would ignite when the candle
bulled low. Bookkeeper Ryan's timely ar
rival prevented a conflagration. When
this occurred Lawrence, his wife and chil
dren were at a ball, held during tne Por
tuguese Pentecost.
Singularly enough, Lawrence went to
San Francisco on Friday evening and did
not return until the 3:» p. m. boat left
the metropolis yesterday. An attempt
was mude to burn him out previous to
the attempt of a month ago, and such
ugly rumors were circulated that the
Lancashire Fire insurance Company took
its risk off his property. He is said to
have been burned out once before while
carrying a heavy insurance. His insur
ance" in this Instance is admlltted by him
self to have been $5000 on a $70tw stock.
The circumstances of the case. In addi
tion to the death of Manuel Souza Bet
tencourte and the loss of so much prop
erty by others, have aroused the author
ities to diligent efforts toward discovering
whether or not arson has been commit
ted, and if so, who is to blame.
OF INTEREST
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding " ":th Any of th» Fol>-rtn«; Firms Please Mention "Th» Call."
ART GLASS. HARDWARE.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting i "DALACE Hardware Co., Importers & Dealers
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear. '* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm. — — — ■
Schrocder, Pres. Telephone Main 863. HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
" — — " ~~ ~~ LKIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St.. 8. *».
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
—^~_^.. __ kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies.
THE P. ROSSI CO. Carts, etc. If you ivant bargains call or writ*
firtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers. IRON FOUNDERS.
'" SUTTER STREET. Western Foundry. Morton S Hedley. Props..
.nTicirui riu R i; 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS. scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
MEN7A CPDINfi Proprietor. Bend for meas- .
WtWiO bIKIWU ure blanks. U. S. . Commla- ' „„,.,,.
Bion. 9 Geary St.. S. F. ; W R VANDERSLICE CO.
APTISTIC fupmture W - X - VANDERSLICE CO;
ARTISTIC £ UR T ™ Salno^ VJ OLD A llO SILVER SMITHS. 138 Butter St.
HNK &SCHLNDLER, Fm^. ffI^3oT a Mark < S ** -° Francisco. Telephone Main 917. "*-
st. Telephone South 267. MARINE INSURANCB.
AUCTIONFERS. SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
MUr.«Cfr"gßßSr- "^^jgy
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
ffM. SCBOENIN6, g'g^wTA^""- THE BEKNHARD yssA'SJPag..
BELTINO. OPTICAL GOODS.
LP.DEOEN eu{£file u {£fi I^ o fo!a i ir^ BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main sO^. Scientific Opticians and Manufacture™ of
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing. Optical Goods. 14 and 16 Kearny street.
. BICYCLES. PAPFR DEALERS.
™ Model aeveland Blcyc.es WILLAMETTE P^ ASSESS S&*.
Sell for J5O. *65 and »75. Crescents. In Mm • , 1 * .
and Ladles $3.V Second-hand Wheels, $10 and PIANOS
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street. _ , , r .
v , . — The Oldest Firm and Lartrest Stock.
BOILER MAKERS. PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
w% -0m w « J - Brady's Patent KTIHI FD Se fHA^P
II JT DETACHABLE KUfILtK * V^n/\J?C,
** 1% MUD DRUM *8 and 30 O'Farrell St.
t&fflß^S-^ for Steam Boilers. A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
Manufactured by PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS KODAKS*: p^^>^ d Sg^a^sSff.
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. PRINTING.
Bpeoitl Attention Paid to Repairs »nd Ship Work. E c HUGHES, Printer, Bookbinder, Engraver.
Office and WorkB-113-115 MISSION STREET 511 Sansome st. Telephone Main 449.
Telephone Main 5045. ___' REAL ESTATE.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. ' r.TSAI, ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. r.KAI, ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORfI.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, j fln(B ' Auct ' oaee "- Mtot|WWTIL ,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell. SEWING MACHINES.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery. HnMJCCTIP" Pre-eminently th« machine for
— ■ : UUIiILO I 111 family use, '021 Market, nr. 6th.
BOOKBINDERS. ■
Jn IJTnTCPFTDr Bookbinder and Printer. SOAP.
,ft MCmililb. 422 Commercial street, Q. R, LQCY & CO., 123 California street.
— Ui H, LUWI (I CU M room 37. Tel. Main IML
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
J. C. & CO., Telegraphic A I? r Fl?ir*i r> F :r 3O6C«U-
900 BATTERY STREET. Code*. KAK 1 KIUUC rornla
Telephone Main ISM. THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, Printers, Book- rt
— ! lllfc nltkyjlllU LU-, blndersr23 Ptr«t st
COPPERSMITH. i ■ —
Joseph Fox. Bupt. H. Birth. Mm-. TARTAR WORKS.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat f*t AL iFORHIA TARTAR WORKS,
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 ff^ '
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641. ' G. De LATOUR. Manager.
; __.__, • ' Office 31S Front Street. San Francisco.
DR. C W RICHARDS, 47 Po«t Btreet. TYPE FOUNDERS.
PH. UW- KltnAKO>, BE. corner Kearny. f> Fl= States 7ype Foundry, successor*
DRAY AGE. ' t0 Hawkß A Bb*.ttuck. Th» Uoioe Industry
McNAB & SMITH. House. M 8 Clay st.
McNAB & SMITH, ■
Draymen. Mercantile Warehouse. WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner F«th HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer of
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone. Main 1872. carriages. buggU-s. etc.; repairing don* la
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). ?ff^iff ff \j t &'f n g' t0 '' *"« WOrlt -
REDINGTON & CO. l c^^^4 ! " wallpaper.
; — * WALLPAPER- Wholesale and retail: send for
FIRE INSURANCE. samples, statins about quality and color, to
EDWARD BROWN & SON. JAS. DUFFY CO.. 928-930 Howard at., 8. F.
407-409 Montgomery st. KiDPHfIi^PMCv
Capital Represented..... over »14,000.00« WAREHOUSEMEN.
~ THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
fI C DAVGC Z. rt\ Shipping Butcher*. 103 > General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
JAS- BOlEb & CO,, Clay? Tel MBJaI»L j General ofnee. 210 California et. Tel. Mala 191 L
~ FLOUR. j WATCHES, ETC.
VITIAVII Flour Mills. J. Martensteln & Co. I T I lIVIW Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
nAHUnAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sta | *• LVlWlt full 18-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d st.
CARDENAS IN
SORE STRAITS
Will Surrender in Case
of Naval Attack.
OFFER TO REMOVE THE MINES
CUBAN REFUGEES PICKED UP
BY THE HUDSON.
Say Spanish Troops Have Been With
drawn From the City and Sent
to Havana and That People
Are Starving.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— A Key West
special to the Herald says: No resist
ance will be offered by the Inhabitants
of Cardenas if an attack is made by the
United States navy. This assurance
has been sent Lieutenant Newcomb,
commanding the gunboat Hudson, on
blockade duty between Matanzas and
Cardenas, which arrived here to-day
with the Spanish sloop Christina in
tow. The residents of Cardenas, as an
earnest of their desire that Americans
I shall take possession, have even offered
j to send to the commander of the Hud
son the military expert who placed the
mines in the harbor whenever it is de
sired to remove them.
The Hudson last Friday morning,
i while steaming toward Cardenas, saw
j a Spanish gunboat going toward Cayo
Piedras. Catching sight of the Hudson,
the gunboat disappeared behind a point
of land. It was afterward ascertained
that when the gunboat was intercepted
she was making for Cayo Piedras light
house, which had been taken possession
of by four insurgents, who had hoisted
the Cuban flag over the light. When
these refugees were taken on board the
Hudson they gave the officers much
valuable information. They report
great distress at Cardenas. Provisions
are scarce, and what little food is there
is beyond the reach of any except the
wealthy. Many inhabitants are starv
ing. The Spanish troops have been
nearly all withdrawn from the city and
sent to Havana. Three thousand of
them which were left to protect Car
denas in the event of an invasion have
abandoned the port and gone to the in
terior to seek food.
REAR ADMIRAL NORTON
TO BE KEPT ON DUTY
Will Be Retired When War Ends.
Philip May Be Commandant at
Mare Island.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Rear Ad
miral C. S. Norton, who will be retired
on Wednesday next on account of age,
will be retained on duty as command
ant of the Washington Navy Yard un
til the end of the war. The retired
officers in command of navy yards in
clude Rear Admiral C. C. Carpenter,
commandant of Portsmouth Navy
Yard, and Rear Admiral W. A. Kirk
land, commandant of Mare Island
Navy Yard.
From present indications there Is a
probability that Captain J. W. Philip,
who will be relieved of the command
of the Texas within a short time, will
upon his promotion succeed Rear Ad
miral Kirkland, who will take his place
on the retired list. It is believed among
naval officers that Captain Philip would
be satisfied with Maro Inland Navy
Yard, a great part of his life having
been spent on the Pacific Coast.
Body Found in a Reservoir.
SALT LAKE. Aug. 7.— A special to the
Tribune from Lander. Wyo., says a mes
sage has been brought in from theArapa
hoo agency saying that a body has been
found floating in tho reservoir east of the
agency. Tho body is supposed to be that
of W. P. Noble of Salt Lake, who left
hero for Casper last Tuesday in company
with R. X. Harvey, a traveling man from
St. Paul. Nothing has been heard from
them since they left.
Methodist Encampment Ends.
PACIFIC GROVE. Aug. 7.— The annual
summer encampment of Methodist Epis
copal clergymen and their families and
friends, the exercises of which have been
in progress at this place for the past
week, closed to-day, the final sermons
being delivered at 11 a. m. and 8 p. m. , re
spectively, by Rev. John A. B. Wilson,
D.D.. of San Francisco, and Rev. J. W.
Phelps, D.D., of Stockton.
Arrested for a Killing.
SAN DIEGO Aug. 7.— Nicolas Carrillo.
who killed Juan Garcia over a year ago,
•was arrested in El Cajon Valley last night
and brought to the County Jail in this city
to-day. The killing occurred near Mo
rena Dam and was thr> outcome of a
quarrel between tne two men over a
woman.
Hunter Loses an Arm.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 7.— While hunting rab
bits in Halls Valley to-day "William Wal
ters, a butcher, lost his right arm near
the shoulder. His condition is precarious.
Up was experimenting with a gun he had
recently purchased, and it exploded acci
dentally.
The Windsbrant Is Safe
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 7.— The German
bark Wlndsbrant. which was In a danger
ous position off the Washington beach
last night, arrived in port to-day. Last
night a south wind sprung up and she
beat away from the shore.
Trolley Cars Thrown Into Erie Canal.
UTICA, N. V.. Aug. 7.— To-night two
cars on the belt line trolley road went
through Bradley's bridge, near Whites
br<ro, and seventeen passengers were pre
cipitated into the Erie Canal. Miss Mary
Brady of this city was the only person
killed. Several were injured.
From St. Louis to Indianapolis.
SOI'TH BEXJ, InrJ.. Aug. 7.— The
North American Turnerbund executive
committee mot here to-day and decided
to remove headquarters from St. liouis
to Indianapolis.
Two Tourists Killed in the Alps.
VIEXNa. Aug. 7.— Two German tour
ists, Herren Zoll and Burbeck, have been
killed during an attempted ascent of the
Dreiscb Suterspitz in toe Dolomite Alps.
34
MONDAY - ..,.. AUGUST 8, 1898
john D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AUJ^mwm«tioiwjo^J&JJ^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St**' S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL R00M5....... — 217 to 221 Stevenson Stre«t
Telephone Main 1874. ■
THE 6AIS FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I.
•erved by carriers In trj«» city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««*. By mall $6 per year; p«r montfc
65 cents. ' ; : '*.\V, ________
THE WEEKLY CALL.... __On« V** by mall. 51.59
OAKLAND OFFICE __ ........ 906 Broad
KEW YORK OFFICE •"■Room 188. World Bulldlaft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Reppesentathr*.
Washington (D. C.) OFFICE ...... Rlftt* ■«■••
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
Chicago OFFICE Marque tto Bnndtag
C. GEORGE KROGNE«S. Advertising Repre«entatt—
IRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- ' 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'cloak- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, op««
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second unm
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMKNTi,
Co himbia— "His Absent Boy"
Alcnzar-"Camlllo
Morosoo's-'Tho Cherry Ploke>r« "
Tivoll-"Far.bt '
Orrhemn- Vaudeville. _.
The Chutes-Zoo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the 61»-pound nan.
Olympia— Corner Maeoo and Eddy streets, Specialties.
t-utrti'b Baths— Swimmlnsr-
El Cuiupo-Muslc, u.incins.boatlnc. fishlnir. erery Sunday.
Aihambra, Eddy aud Jones streets-Vauderlllo. Opening
Saturday, sepietnb r ;>.
81 Lte Fair— Sacramento. September 5.
TFtfIDE CONDITIONS PROMISING.
•"T-^HERE was more steadiness to general trade
last week. It was probably the premonitory
* symptoms of the closing of the midsummer
-stagnation and the opening of the fall trade. The
bank clearings, which showed a loss during the pre
ceding week, again exhibited a gain, which, though
slight, being only 39 P er cent > was stiU better than a
loss. An unfavorable feature, however, was the in
creased number of cities and towns which showed a
decline in these clearings.
A significant feature was the increase in New York,
the percentage being 23.9 per cent. This may be due
to an improvement in the movement of general mer
chandise, or to more activity in the stock market.
It is probably the latter, for there is a marked re
vival in Wall street, both in stocks and bonds, though
the latter are preferred. The railway shares are show
ing more movement and the "grangers" sold very
well at the close of the week, indicating that the crop
prospects of the Great West are favorable and that
the trade conditions of the interior of the country are
promising. The new issue of bonds has been in keen
.demand for investment, and railway bonds have also
been moving of? well at hardening quotations. An
especially gratifying feature of Wall street during the
week was the general indifference with which the be
ginning of goid importations from Europe was re
garded, as there is such a plethora of money in New-
York that the import of a few millions more or less
c;:;~ but little figure. The fact is, the United States
has more gold coin than it knows what to do with.
All of which is gratifying to the average American
"citizen. As for Wall street, it is more interested in
the size of the corn crop than the imports of gold
f'om Europe.
The grain situation was rather better last week.
Although close observers estimate the American
■wheat crop this year at 700,000.000 bushels, the farm
ers are holding back their stocks to some extent, and
this, coupled with smaller deliveries to distributing
points, put the market up 22 J/2J /2 cents. The exports
from Atlantic ports were larger again, being 3,641,
000 bushels, against 2.530.000 for the same week in
1897. The wool market is exhibiting rather more
animation, especially in the choicer grades, though
some manufacturers, here and there, are closing down
rather than pay the prices asked for wool. The de
mand for staple cotton is reported better, but quota
tions for manufactured goods show no improvement
owing to the large present production. The iron
tiade is rapidly working around into prime shape
again, and manufacture is once more about up to its
full volume of output. Plates are reported in unpre
cedented demand, both East and West, and the struc
tural works are running full time with heavy orders
coming in from all directions. Prices are naturally
firm under these conditions, and manufacturers are
exacting full figures.
The country's failures last week numbered 196,
against 237 for the same week last year. The dis-
tributive trade in staple goods shows an Increase,
notably in the West, Northwest and Southwest,
owing largely to the fine crop prospects. The general
tendency in prices is upward, the record of the week
being an advance in 32, or about one-third of all
. istaples; a decline in 27, and unchanged quotations in
44. Nothing is now heard of the war as a trade fac
tor, and it has apparently passed into the limbo of
'back numbers.
The local situation is not behind the West in firm
.ness of values. Farm products as a rule showed a
general appreciation last week. There was a slight re
covery in wheat, the long slow decline being at last
varied by a fractional advance, which may be the pre
cursor of still better prices. Barley and corn also
improved somewhat, and hay kept up fairly, in spite
of very heavy arrivals. Canning fruits, such as
pears, peaches and apricots, were strong, and pears
ro=o to $45 per ton. though excessive receipts weak
the market somewhat toward the close. In dried
fruits the feeling was particularly stiff, advances being
-noted in apricots and prunes, both of which were in
brisk demand for future delivery. Wool, hides and
hops were unchanged and quiet. Hogs declined, as
the local packers could not pay the quotations and
come out even on the packed product. Provisions
ruled dull. Dairy products all advanced, and sup
plies were rather under the requirements of the mar
ket. Flour was marked down 25 cents per barrel in
sympathy with the recent decline in wheat, which,
However, immediately began to improve after flour
had been reduced. Canned fruits were qu/fted firm
and in brisk demand, both for domestic and forfeign
account. iThe output will be smaller than usual this
yc-nr owing to the light fruit crop, and every case
pricked will probably find a market at good prices.
The wholesalers reported a good business on the
whole, with few fluctuations in any line. The money
market was undisturbed, there being plenty of
available funds for solvent borrowers at the usual
rates of interest.
It is to be hoped that England and Russia can get
enough fun out of our war without starting a fracas
' of their own.
FOR GOOD LEGISLATION.
PRELIMINARY steps have been taken by the
Manufacturers' Association to reorganize the
Council of Associated Industries for the purpose
of using its influence to promote good legislation for
the general welfare at the coming session of the Leg
islature. It is to be hoped the movement thus started
will be carried briskly forward. There is much that
should be done at Sacramento during the coming
winter, and it is none too early to begin preparations
for it. ,
The Council of Associated Industries is designed
to include representatives of all influential organiza
tions of trade, commerce and industry in the State,
and will be therefore well fitted to devise and support
measures calculated to advance the larger interests
of the people. It can in this way render effectual ser
vice to the commonwealth and demonstrate anew
the advantage that accrues to a community when its
more intelligent, more enterprising and more public
spirited men work together for a common object in
stead of relying upon individual and separate efforts.
The full programme of legislation fo be sought for
from the Legislature has of course not yet been
marked out. That cannot be done until the pro
posed council has had time to consider all the con
ditions of the State and discover what evils exist and
what remedies should be applied. It is fairly certain,
however, that the pure food question will be taken
up, and also the issues involved in the problems of
providing for highway improvement and the better
protection of white labor from the ruinous compe
tition of coolie workers.
These matters have been so long under discussion
they are well understood, and there is a general
agreement among intelligent, progressive men con
cerning them. It should not be difficult, therefore,
to provide some means of solving the problems re
lating to them. With respect to the pure food law,
indeed, it is questionable whether any really adequate
legislation on the subject can be provided by the
State. Until Congress makes a law covering the
whole Union and th« whole subject it is not likely
that we shall ever be free from the sale of impure
foods. Nevertheless it is worth while for the State
to do what it can, and any well devised measure di
rected to the end of preventing food adulteration
will be generally supported.
It would be well for the proposed council to give
its attention also to the subject of forest preservation.
The fires that have swept the woods and the ranches
of the State since the beginning of the dry season,
and that are even now raging in some localities, have
given us impressive object lessons in the value and
need of such protection. What has been lost by such
fires within the last month would alone more than
defray the cost of protection for a whole year. The
issue is one of pressing importance, and some steps
should be taken to provide a remedy at the coming
Legislature.
The council, it goes without saying, will find plenty
to do when it begins its proposed work. The only
danger is that in the multitude of things before it
so many may be undertaken that 'the efforts of the
council will be scattered and weakened. This of
course must be guarded against. If a few measures
of great importance are taken up and all the energies
of the industrial associations are directed solely to
procuring their enactment, much good will be
surely accomplished for the people and for the com
monwealth.
A NEW MARVEL OF SCIENCE.
Q CCORDING to the reports of the proceedings
nof a recent meeting of the Royal Academy of
Science in England, a certain Dr. W. J. Rus
sell is said to have exhibited and successfully oper
ated a working model of a new camera which enables
photographs to be taken in the dark, not a glim
mer of light being necessary for acquiring a good
negative.
Photography without light is of course a contra
diction of terms, and probably when the new art is
fully explained it will be found that the process by
which the negative is taken is something altogether
different from that which we know as photography.
In the meantime we must accept the name as it
comes to us and discuss the scientific marvel under
that title. If the claims made for it be well founded
it promises to be one of the most interesting
achievements of the year.
The whole history of the development of pho
tography has been a striking illustration of the prov
erb, "It is always the unexpected that happens." For
a long time past investigators have been seeking to
discover a means of photographing colors, and at any
time within the last twenty years experts in the art
would have been willing to predict that the next
notable photographic advance would be that accom
plishment. Up to this time, however, color pho
tography remains impracticable, while a host of im
provements have been made along lines utterly un
expected and unforeseen.
The public has hardly yet recovered from the
startling sensation caused by the discovery of a means
of photographing the bones within the body of a
living man. Photography in the dark promises to be
even more startling. At first thought it will seem
something of a menace to society. Mrs. Grundy can
put aside with scorn the X ray instrument, for she
cares very little about bones, but what will she say
to a camera that enables pictures to be taken of all
that goes on in the dark corners of summer resorts?
The idea of a photographic instrument capable of
taking perfect negatives in the dark, so that the
operator does not have to disclose his presence by
any flash or spark of light, is one that will lend itself
readily to the uses of the romance writer. On that
theme there can be written as many stones as are
contained in the Thousand and One Nights of the
Arabian entertainments. Fortunately, however, the
matter is likely to be one of romance purely. While
full particulars of the invention have not come to us,
it is self-evident that a negative taken by exposure
in the dark must require hours of time, and that snap
shot pictures with such a camera will be impossible.
In fact the new invention, like the instrument em
played in the use of the X ray, will probably be of
advantage for scientific purposes only. Under any
circumstances, however, the invention will be of no
small value in many ways, and it is to be hoped the
report that comes to us has not exaggerated the de
gree of success said to have been attained by the
working model.
In settling the problem of the Philippines W. H.
Mills seems inclined to think that he would be a po
tent factor. And if the matter is to be adjudicated
through conversation alone, perhaps he is right.
Admiral Cervera has again proved his courage. He
says he will go to Spain at the end of the war. and he
n:ust know there is no telling what may happen to
him there.
People whom Hooley has charged with crooked
ness seem inclined to retort, "You're another."
Which is probably not far from correct.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
FLYING FROM THE F'E-D.
rROM New York, Pennsylvania and Ohio
come reports that the Democrats of those States
will make the campaign this fall on State is
: sues only. All signs point to the conclusion that in
| California similar tactics will be followed. Of the
i greater States of the Union Illinois seems to be the
only one where the Democratic party will go into the
i field carrying the banner of Bryanism and the Chi
i cago platform, and even there the determination of the
party to stand by its guns is due not so much to
the courage of the rank and file as to the indomitable
will of Altgeld, who, with the fatalism of a Napoleon
returning from Elba, has forced his followers and
votaries into line for a Waterloo campaign.
This total abandonment of the field of national
politics by one of the great historic parties of the
country is one of the most striking features of the
political situation. It is an incident unique in our
records. Never before has there been among us a
party strong enough to form a national organization
that was too weak to make a national fight. It is a
final and convincing proof^of the complete demoral
ization of the opposition to the Republican policies
of protection and sound money, and gives assurance
to the business interests of the country that here
after they will no longer be harassed by the incessant
agitations that have been so disturbing in the past.
The occurrence of the collapse of Democracy in the
field of national politics at the same time with the
return of prosperity is more than a mere coincidence.
For years past Democracy has been a calamity party.
It has drifted so far from the traditions of its great
days when led by Jackson, and even from those of the
past generation under the leadership of Thurman,
Hendricks and Tilden, that at present there is no
place in its councils for wise statesmen, nor in its
ranks for conservative citizens. It has now become
a faction of discontent inflamed by agitators, and has
> found its way naturally and inevitably to the haven
j of Populism, where it oscillates between the extremes
of socialism and anarchy.
Under these circumstances It is not strange that
! any effort at contesting national politics with vic
torious Republicanism has been abandoned. Even
such leaders as those of the Maguire type no longer
have the courage to face the people on national is
sues and have turned their longing eyes to State
offices. In this crisis of the country, when all men
see that a new era has begun, when questions of for
eign policy are pressing for solution, when the
finances of the people are to be revised and reor
ganized, Democracy has no platform of principles or
of policies to advocate. Its leaders will seek for pre
ferment and salary in such offices as colonel of
volunteers, Governor of a State, or perhaps a County
Clerk, but they will not presume to discuss national
afiairs or to risk an appeal to the people on them.
It Is- not likely that the tactics adopted will be
found profitable. A flying foe never wins a victory.
The patriotic instinct? of the people are not to be
deceived. They are aware that in our system of gov
eri'ment the politics of State and nation are too
clcsely associated to be capable of arbitrary separa
tion. They know that any notable Democratic vic
tories in the States would be felt as a hampering in
fluence upon the Republican administration of the
nation. For that reason the people will vote on
local issues as on those of the country at large. The
opposition that has abandoned the open and larger
field will be driven from its hiding-place in the other.
BUYING FOOD ABROAD.
I p~NEPORTS from Washington are to the effect
L-/' that our troops in the Philippines will probably
*> be supplied with food from Australia. It is said
the chief of the commissary department of the army
has been negotiating with a London firm for the pur
i chase of beef and vegetables to be shipped from Aus
tralian ports, and that the prospects are the con
: tract will be awarded.
As the American people produce every year far
i more food than they can consume, and for a genera
tion or more past have been shipping both meats and
vegetables to other parts of the world, the proposed
' purchase of such supplies from Australia requires ex
planation. It is true that Australia is a good deal
nearer the Philippines than is California, but the dif
ference in the distance is not sufficient to account
for giving the contract for our army supplies to
foreigners. There is no menace of immediate famine
confronting the troops, and, other things being equal,
iit would be as easy to send the required beef and
vegetables from San Francisco as from Melbourne
I or Sydney.
It is possible that the explanation of the matter
is to be found in the lack of American shipping. We
may not have the merchant 6teamers ready for
prompt use in carrying the supplies. It is well known
that great difficulty was found in obtaining vessels
to transport the soldiers themselves, and that the
Government was compelled to grant American regis
try to a considerable number of foreign-built ships
I for that purpose. If this should prove to be the cause
that impels the War Department to seek supplies
from abroad instead of at home, another strong ar
gument will have been given why Congress should
take immediate steps to foster and promote our mer
chant marine.
In any case it will be admitted that the purchase
of food for. our troops at Manila from the
Australians instead of from the Pacific Coast
■is not creditable to us. The farmers of Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington have all kinds of
[ food products, to sell, and San Francisco has mer
', chants fully capable of the task of delivering them In
• the Philippines. Tt is to be regretted, therefore, that
the commissary general has found It necessary to ne
i gotiate with a London firm for Australian food. The
instance is clearly one in which the Government
should patronize home industry.
There seems to be serious question 3S to the value
of the military balloon. If, as one officer affirms, it
merely served to show the enemy where to aim, the
conclusion is inevitable that the General Wheeler
method of climbing a tree is superior.
No sooner was the presence of the King of Dudes
in San Francisco announced than Oakland pro
claimed possession of the King of Hoboes. Per
haps this is not jealousy, but it has the look of it.
The plan of discouraging ballot-box stuffing at
San Jose will probably be construed by Jim Rea into
another of those direct affronts.
11 — ♦-
Now, if the Market-street company has any other
old rails it would like to have ripped up, it has only
to give the Mayor the wink.
There is no occasion for surpirse at the snubbing
of the Kaiser by the Bismarcks. The war lord got
in an effective snub first.
Garcia is said now to desire to be annexed, but the
majority of people would prefer to have him elim
inated.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. Moore of Benicia is at the Grand.
A. B. Herman of Dawson Is at tho
Grand.
William J. Bennie of Glasgow Is at the
Occidental.
Professor Keeler of Mount Hamilton Is
at the Palace.
Senator E. C. Voorheis of Sutter Creek
Is at the Palace.
H. A Cohen, a merchant of New York,
is at the Palace.
W. J. Walker and wife of Honolulu are
at the Occidental.
George W. Crockett, a business man of
Fresno, is at the Rubs.
$ Cum Macßrien,
£ the hotel clerk,
£ has a reputation
$ in his calling that
n admits of nocom
~ parisons. He is
£ nonpareil, and
both his employ-
CUM MAC
BRIEN GETS
THE PARROT.
ers' and his own introspection have im
pressed upon him Implicit belief In his
own greatness; yet at times his Judg
ment errs and hia innate tact forsakes
him. A few weeks ago a volatile parrot
flitted from story to story in his hotel
and despite the combined efforts of an
army of bellboys, porters and clerks, it
was not captured. For a time this green
bedecked bird took to cover and some
thought that it had escaped and forever
disappeared from the sight of that small
.world confined to the four walls of the
hotel. But this was all a mistake. It was
in the late watches of the night— when
Cum was roused from an incipient sleep.
A shriek coming from the third story
seemed to drop into the court and churn
the atmosphere into withering bits.
The rest is told by Cum himself: "When
I came to I realized in a moment that
something had happened to some one way
up in the air. I rang every bell I could
that had a button in the office. I called
for every boy on duty. Six there were in
all— night watchmen, boys and porters
and your honorable in command. I ex
plained the situation hurriedly to those
who did not hear that awful sound. Mur
der it might have been, suicide, robbery
or insanity— not a drunk, for I know the
symptoms of that by a long and well
trained study of cases that have come
under my observation. Cautiously we
went up the stairs, myself in the lead.
The first story waa reached and we held
a consultation. It was decided not to be
too reckless. I then fell back and com
manded from the rear. Another consulta
tion at the next landing and our plan
of campaign of offense was planned. With
a skin of cold sweat glistening on the
heads of my company we reached the
third floor and prepared for the battle.
We heard a low and pitiful moan and all
of us dropped on the floor to listen— noise
travels so much better along a hard sur
face, you know. Scared? No, not a bit.
W«ll. "maybe. Just a little. It came again
and then a shriek full of hell-blasts. Two
of the army deserted. Me? Not on your
life. Very close the rest of us crawled
to the place the cry came from and we
were rewarded for our bravery and our
trouble. What do you think the thing
was? The parrot. That devil we thought
had left us for good. It was caught in
the grill work over the elevator and could
not get away. Will I keep it? Well, I
guess yes! It's a bird. She curaes like
a sea captain."
lieutenant F. M. Compton of Council
Bluffs Is at the Grand.
E. IMnkelsplel. a newspaper man of
Sulsun, is at the Grand.
R. E. Jack, a banker of San Luis
Oblspo, is at the Palace.
Lieutenant Edward Kimmel of the Third
Artillery la at the Occidental.
J. S. Hamilton, a merchant of Hollls
ter, wrfe and daughter are at the Russ.
J. G. Cannon, Superior Judge of Yuma,
is visiting the city accompanied by his
wife and daughter.
Captain Kdwards, T^nlted States steam
ship Inspector, nrrlved yesterday from
Portland and Is at the I.,ick.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Four vessels will he added to the Ger
man navy during the present year. The
Gazelle, a cruiser of 2650 tons and 19%
knots speed, 1* ready for launching at
Krupp's yard, Kiel; Vlneta. a cruiser of
5650 tons and 20 knot*, will be launched
at Stettin during the present month, and
In December a gunboat of 594 tons Is to
be launched at Elhlng. The battle-ship
Kaiser Frlederlch 111 will be completed
early In October.
The British torpedo boat destroyer
Angler has passed through a twelve
hours' consumption trial. The boat was
drawing 6 feet 1 Inch forward and 6 feet
7% Inches aft, or 10 Inches less than nor
mal load draught, and with 184 pounds of
steam developed 4CO horsepower with 160
revolutions, making a speed of 13.15 knots,
and consumed 10,192 pounds of coal dur-
ing the twelve hours' run. The enormous
lncreose In power required to make high
speeds may be realized from the fact that
while It took only 490 horsepower to push
the boat along at 13.1 a knots, she will re
quire 5400 horsepower to go 30 knots.
Portugal Is rapidly acquiring a navy of
cruisers. The San Rafael Is the latest
addition, having been launched at Havre
July 5 from the same yards where a slb
ter ship, the San Oabrlel, whs launched
May 7. The two ships are sheathed and
of 1800 tons, with a speed of 15 knots. The
armament are all French guns of the
Canet type, and consists of two 5.f»-inch,
four 4.7-lneh, eight 3-pounders and two
machine Runs. Portugal is navmg six
cruisers built, of which twojif 1021 tons
collectively at Lisbon, two of 4100 tons
each at Elswlck, and two of 1800 tons each
at Havre, in addition to which another
cruiser of 4100 tons Is proposed to be built
at Klswlck before the end of the present
year.
M. Liockroy Is again the Minister of
Marine of France, this being his second
term. As is customary in that country,
radical changes follow with the change
of Ministry, and It is to this fact that the
French navy 1b always In an experimental
stage. Mr. Lockroy has fixed notions
ahout the ships of war and believes
speed to be the chief element of success
In a battle. Admiral Fournier holds that
the entire fle«t could be advantageously
replaced by a hundred lightly armored
but swift cruisers. The diversity of opin
ion by naval officers on the fundamental
requirements of ships is simply bewilder
ing, and so-culled lessons drawn from
battles are construed to meet with the
views of individual officers.
The Argentine armored cruiser Bau
Martlno having completed her trials at
Leghorn, Italy, where she was built, is
ready for delivery. On a two hours' forcea
draught trial the engine* worked up to
12,436 horsepower, giving a speed of 19.68
knots, slightly short of the contract
speed of 20 knots. The ship was down to
2<i feet 4'^ inches, or 7V4 inches less than
the normal mean draught. The San Mar
tino's battery consists of four 8-inch
breech-loaders in turrets only 4 Inches
thick; ten 6-inch quick-firers; six 4.7-inch;
twelve 6-pounders, and ten Maxim W - t
pounders. The armor extends all around
the ship, six feet below the water line
and three feet above, and Is barely six
inches thick. The protective deck is only
1.46 inches thick, and the upper gun deck
I.BS inches. The armor Is Harveyized and
was made in France. She. is almost an ex
act counterpart of the late Spanish cruis
er Cristobal Colon, and for the lack of
high speed and insufficient gun protec
tion ia not a desirable specimen of the
armored cruiser type to be followed by
other navies.
A signalman on board the Ganges at Dcv-
onport dockyard was court-martialed last
month for having stolen a signal book and
afterward deserted. 'He subsequently
surrendered, and when called upon to
make his defense submitted a written
statement confessing to the theft of the
signal book, which h.e professed to have
burned. The statement, which has made
the British admiralty very uneasy— on
account of the person alleged to have
tempted the sailor to steal the book for a
large money consideration— and its con
tents, has been kept very quiet. The book
was stolen at about the time when the
war between the United States and Spain
began. Some of the sensational British
journals have intimated that Lieutenant
Colwell, naval attache to the United
States Legation in London, has been a
party to the transaction, and the lieu
tenant has written to the admiralty re
futing the implied charge and requesting
that it take steps to suppress the false
reports in the newspapers. The signai
man was sentenced to eighteen months
imprisonment with hard labor and to be
dismissed from the service with dis
grace.
THE YANKEE DUDE'LL DO.
When Cholly swung his golf stick, on the links.
Or knocked the tennis ball across the net,
With his bangs done up in cunning little
kinks—
When he wore the tallest collar he could get
Oh, It was the fashion then
To impale him on the pen-
To regard him as a being mado of putty
through and thmugh;
But his racquet's laid away.
He is roughing it to-day.
And heroically proving that' the Yankee dude'll
do.
When Algy. as some knight of old arrayed.
Was the leading figure at the "fawncy" ball,"
We loathed him for the silly part he played.
Ho was set down as a monkpy— that was all.
Oh,, we looked upon him then
As unfit to class with men,
Ab one whose heart was putty, and whose
brains were made of glue —
But he's thrown his cane away.
And he grasps a gun to-day,
While the world b«h.>i,3 s him, knowing that
the Yankee dude' ll do.
"When Clarence cruised about upon his yacht,
Or drove out with his footman through the
park.
His mamma. It was generally thought,
Ought to have him in her keeping after dark'
Oh, we ridiculed him then.
We impaled him on the pen.
Wo thought lit; was effeminate, we dubbed him
"Sissy," too—
But he nobly marched away —
He is eating pork to-day.
And heroically proving that "the Yankee dude'll
do.
How they hurled themselves against the angry
foe.
In the Jungle and the trenches on the hill!
"When the word to 'charge was given, ' every
dude was on the go —
He was there to die, to capture or to klUt
Oh, he struck his level when
M»>n were called upon again
To preserve th* ancient glory of th» old red,
white and blue! •
He has thrown his spats away.
He Is wearing spurs to-day, ■
And the world will please take notice that the
Yankee dude'll do!
? . — S. E. Kiser in Cleveland Leader.
WHY WARSHIPS SHOULD BE
SHEATHED.
Dry Dock No. 3 at the Brooklyn Navy
Tnrd is at last reported fit for use and
our battle ships will at last be able to
dock and have their bottoms cleaned and
painted after a delay of more than one
year.
There are only three drydocks in this
country capable of admitting our large
battle ships, but only one — that at Port
Orchard — has been serviceable, while the
Port Royal dock appears to be somewhat
shaky, besides having insufficient depth
of water, and the Brooklyn duck has been
undergoing rebuilding since May last
year at a coat of nearly $170,000 to make it
ht for use.
Luck or Providence has favored our
navy during the present war, for a chance
shot from the enemy might have made
any one of our battle ships useless for
further service until the one dock, ruined
by criminal neglect of duty on the part
of Government officials, could be put In
condition to take in the disabled craft.
As it is, the ships have been in tropical
waters for months and the damage,
through pitting of the plates from corro
sion, is a serious matter, besides their
inability to move about with anywhere
near their calculated speed, notwithstand
ing the vast quantities of coal consumed.
The experiences gained through the
present war furnishes many lessons, not
ably to Congresß In both houses, some
members of which have hitherto opposed
recommendations of the Navy Depart
ment officials in the linos of Increased
efficiency of the navy. One of the most
Important recommendation? ignored has
been that of sheathing certain vessels
the great speeds of which depended
mainly upon the clean condition of their
bottoms. In ]S.s4 wh«>n the Increase of the
nnvy received serious attention from Con
gress it was recommended that some of
the new ships should be sheathed for pro
tectfon to the ships, as a measure of econ
omy in the use of coal and us necessary
to maintain tho speeds indefinitely.
Chandler, tlun Secretary of the Navy,
vigorously <>;. p. >*•■<! this recommendation,
claiming "that with our docking facilities
there was no need of sheathed ,v, v . ess , c . ls
and that "no holes would be bored in the
bottoms of the new ships by hi* orders,
except by direction of an act or ton
gress." At the tin..- this subject was so
summarily disposed of. Great Britain and
other navies had already a number of
sheathed ships afloat, notwithstanding the
doekiriK facilities they possessed all over
the world, and the naval powers have
gone on and "bored the bottoms of ships
full of _oles"-that is. sheathed thousands
of tons and thereby maintained the speed
>t the' ships and saved vast sums In coal
bills In I^9o an act was passed by Con
*r,ss which, in an equivocal way, per
mitted the sheathing of two new gun
boats but there was some doubt
In the mind of the Secretary as
o the meaning of said act. and
the gunboats were not sheathed.
It is only during the past two years,
fliromrh the persistent efforts of the pres
ent chief constructor that six composite
rnnboats of W» t°" s e;ich navo been built
and these constitute all the vessels we
have in' the navy which need n..t dock
twice or oftener yearly in order to keep
up their speed at a reasonable expend-
Chief Constructor Hichborn sub
mitted a report to the Navy Department
imon the importance and need of sheathed
■.hies He enumerated vessels of foreign
navies thus protected against fouling and
corrosion, and independent of docks cap
ible of cruising all over the world if nec
,'Jo n . and always competent to get up to
their original speeds The list was a long
'„ hut since then the number has vastly
increased and It now appears to be the
fl*pd Dolicy of foreign naval powers to
Ethe i all vessels intended for foreign
Sftionl The following table shows the
number and tonnage o? sheathed vessels
-several navies built or in course of
instruction at the beginning of 1898:
Great Britain...-.
France
Germany, ;
NAVIK9.
SHEATHED NAVAL
No.
141.800
32,fiC3
21.300
C 2.507
4.800
No.
3ELB.
Vnaxmored.
No. Tons.
69 i 347.920
17 53, 192
19 44.227
10 18,470
25 35.707
0 6.000
69
IT
19
10
M
0
15
■T '
a
10
1
Russia .'. !
Holland
United State»
Tn 1889 the armored fleet of Great Britain
numbered 76 ships of 576,300 tons of which
II "hips of 74.070 tons were sheathed, mak
ne a percentage of sheathed vessels of
i?i? ner cent. At the present time the ar
mored fleet consists of -93 shins of 8^.090
tons of which 15 of 141. - tons are
sheathed, * riving: a percentage of 16 per
cent and a tonnage increase in nine years
° Nine years ago the unarmored effective
vessels of Great Britain numbered 191 of
3250% tons, of which 22 vessels of 72.040
ton's were sheathed, or a percentage of 22.
The unarmored fleet now numbers 222
vessels of C 55.253 tons, and of these 69 of
347 920 tons, or 53 per cent, are sheathed.
It 'is evident that sheathing, notwith
standing its first cost, has found favor in
Great Britain and by other naval powers
who send squadrons abroad. Ships thus
protected against fouling and corrosion
are the best and cheapest in that they
economize fuel, maintain their speed and
require docking only at long intervals.! A3
for the cost, that varies, of course, in pro
portion to the size of ships, and in . the
large vessels of 11,000 tons does probably
not add more than 10 per cent to the cost
of an ordinary steel vessel. In the six
cruisers of the Graf ton class of 7350 tons,
not sheathed, the cost per ton of displace
ment was $147 for the hulls, while three
others of the same class which were
sheathed cost at the rate of $160 per ton.
These prices were those paid to the.con
tractors, and show 10.8 per cent increased
cost of the sheathed ships. . A fleet of
t!wenty-one cruisers was built in I*3o-92 of
S4OO ■ tons. Of these ten were sheathed,
thereby Increasing their displacement ; to
3600, of which 200 tons was the weight of
the sheathing. The vessels which were
not sheathed averaged for the hulls »4i
I per ton of displacement, and th ,°2 I % t ;Ml£ >
were sheathed cost at the rate of Slo7 per
ton. or an Increased cost <>f 10 ', pe ,w ,>,«
The cost of repairs is practically tn»
same for both classes of vessels, the an
i f.Ttnee being rather in favor of sheatnca
! ships, but the economy is experienced m
the engine and boiler room, where less
coal is consumed by at least 20 per ce nt
in the bottom-protected ships, whicn nas
a further advantage in not requiring *re
qupnt dockajre and thereby incurring tne
risk of straining the bull and getting tne
engines and shafts out of line. The ad
ditional cost is covered by the expense
which the unsheathed ship is put to twice
or oftener in a year by docking, cleaning
and painting, and the sheathed ship is al
ways rendy to steam at its original speed,
where the other, if unable to dock, may
not be able to cover more than two-thirds
of its intended speed. The squadrons of'
the United States and Germany hovering
about Manila are an example of the im
portance of sheathing. The German ships
Kaiserin Augusta. Kormoran and Arccrtia
are sheathed and thus limited to at the
most one docking yearly, while all of our
vespels, with unprotected bottoms must
dock at least three times durnig the sam©
period.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A QUOTATION— M. HL, Oakland, CaL
The lines asked about:
I could lie down like a tired child
And weep away the life of care
"Which I have borne and yet must bear-
Are from "Stanzas Written in Dejection
Near Naples," by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
MAIL FROM THE NORTH— A. R. S.,
City. The postal authorities have done
all that can be done to arrange mail ser
vice from the extreme north, but the
means of transmission from Dawson and
other points are so uncertain that there
can be no certainty of the receipt of mall
matter.
EXPOSITION STAMPS— J. B. T., San
Jose, Cal. As In the case of the stamps
issued during the World's Fair at Chi
cago, stamps will be issued by the Postal
Department during the continuance of the
Tmnsmississippi Exposition, and what
ever remains after the close of the ex
position will be disposed of until the sup
ply is exhausted^
STREET INTRODUCTIONS— "E IIa.
City. Street introductions, according to
writers on etiquette, are superfluous. You
may be with friends and stop to shako
hands with people not seen for some time,
but If there is no special desire on your
part for these people to meet It Is much
wiser and more polite not to Introduce
them.
NAVAL, ORDNANCE-E. P. A.. City.
The largest naval ordnance in the
British navy is the breech-loading
rifle that carries a seventeen-tnrh
projectile weighing 2000 pounds. The cal
iber of the largest ordnance of other na
tions is: Austria. 12.01; Denmark. 13.98:
Dutch navy, 11: France, 16.54: Germany,
12.01; Italy', 17.72: Russia. 12.60: Sweden
and Norway, 10.51, and T'nlted States, 13,
also 15-inch dynamite rifles.
DECORATIONS— M. E. P.. City. The
colors of the Vnited States are red. white
and blue; those of France are blue, white
and red. If you wish to decorate with
T'nited States colors you must place the
red at the top; that is, make it the lead
ing color. Should you use the blue as
the leading color, then the decoration
would be French. In draping a doorway,.
the leading color should be in the cen
ter.
REVENUE STAMPS— Stamp Fiend,
City. The denominations of the docu
mentary stamps under the war revenue
sire half a cent, one. two. three, four,
five, ten. twenty-five and fifty cents, one,
three, five, ten and fifty dollars. The
proprietary stamps under the same act
art: One-eighth, one-quarter, three
flghths of a cent, one, one and a quarter,
two, two and a half, four and five cents.
ICE AND SALT— E. H., City. An in
tense degree of cold is produced by a mix
ture of pounded ice and salt In equal
parts. The salt causes the ice to melt in
consequence of the attraction which it
has for water, even in the frozen State,
and as they both unite the ice is dis
solved into water and the water dissolves
the salt, so that both become liquid. The
cold so generated is no less than 32 de
grees below the freezing point.
SEATING CAPACITY— M. A. S., City.
The following is the seating capacity of
the several places inquired about: Ft.
Peter's. Rome. 54.000; Milan Cathedral,
37.000; St. Paul's. Rome. 32.000; St. Paul's,
London, 25,000; Florence Cathedral, 24,30f1;
Antwerp Cathedral. 24.0«."0; St. Sophia.
Constantinople. 23.000; Notre Dame, Paris,
21000: Pisa Cathedral, 13.000; St. Stephen's.
Vienna. 12,400- St. Dominic, Bologna, 12,
000; Tabernacle. London, 7000; St. Mark's,
Venice, 7000; Tabernacle. Brooklyn, 5500.
RED CROSS SOCIETY— N. N.. City.
The Red Cross societies of the world are)
the organizations growing out of the In
ternational Red Cross treaty arranged
at the Geneva convention of 1864. The
red cross on a white field is the distinct
ive flag. By this badge are known all
hospitals, field or permanent, ambu
lances, persons, materials and appliances
employed In the relief service, and wher
ever the flag is displayed accompani*»d
by the national flag to which the hospital
etc., belongs, it is treated, respected and
protected as neutral. Under the treaty
soldier* disabled by wounds or sickness
who have fallen into the hands of tho
enemy and are incapable of bearing:
arms "must be delivered to the outoosts,
to be sent to their homes on condition of
not bearing arms again during the ■war.
The Red Cross movement is civil in its
origin and the various organizations that
carry out the treaty are purely civil.
MONTE CARLO— S. L. J., City of
Mexico. Mex. Monte Carlo is a small
town in the territory of Monaco, the
smallest of the sovereign principalities of
Europe. It has an area of 5% square
miles. It is on the coast of the Mediter
ranean, nine miles east of Nice, in tha
Alpes Maritimes, a department of France.
Monaco is the possession of the Prince
of Monaco, who is called "his Serene
Highness," and the territory is under
French protection. The Casino at Monte
Carlo, notorious for its gambling places,
is run by a joint stock company, having
a capital of 15.000,000 francs. None of tha
Inhabitants of Monaco have access to
the gambling tables, and their Interest hi
maintaining the status quo is secured
by complete exemption from taxation and
the large price paid for their lands.
Gambling tables were established at
Monte Carlo in 1556, but It was not until
1860 when M. Blanc, expelled from Horn
borg took possession of the place, that tt"
became notorious. The company that
runs the games at that place has a lease
until ISI3 It takes in about 6.000,000 francs
a year and it pays out about one and a
half millions for the maintenance of the
principality and its 4000 to 5000 annual vis
itor* The percentage in favor of the
bank is said to be about 75. The players
are from all parts of the world and from
all ranks of society. No nationality pre
dominates. Gamblers are, as a rule, very
superstitious, and there are many wlio
believe in mascots. One popular belief
i«» that if a player while on his way to
play accidentally meets a hunchback and
touches his hump he will win at the
game. ______________
Cal. elace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend't.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public "men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
One Chicago thief's specialty js steal
ing clocks. The police want to lay their
hands on him and make him do time,
but have not yet been able to run him
down. __ I_i1 _ i
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by million! of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child. »oftena
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask fo» Mn.
Winslow'g Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $60: longer stay,
*2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery at.
3. F.. or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, 'a 1SENATOR WHITE
MAY NOMINATE
JUDGE MAGUIRE
He Declines to Discuss the
Merits of Democratic
Differences.
Says His Visit to This City Has No Connec
tion With the Disaffection in the
Ranks of His Party in
the State.
United States Senator Stephen M. TVhite I
arrived in the city yesterday from his
home In Los Angeles. The unexpected
news of his arrival caused considerable .
etir among local Democratic politicians, i
who gave eager ear to the rumor that he i
had been called to San Francisco for the
purpose of patching up the differences
that have caused a merry war ever since
McNab, Gould and Alford set themselves
up as the dictators of party affairs In this i
city and In the State.
To all of those who called on the Sena
tor at his apartments at the Palace Hotel j
with the request that they be taken into
his confidence concerning the plan for
bringing harmony out of chaos he had but
one answer: "I am here on bus-.ness that
has nothing to do with politics."
Notwithstanding his disinclination to
discuss the present situation as regards
Democratic politics, the Senator was
forced, somewhat against his will, to re
ceive the confidences of his Democratic
friends and to give some heed to their re
quest that he use his good offices to re
lieve the strain that seems to threaten the
disruption of the party. On account of
' the pressure thus brought to bear on him
he may consent to stay in the city several
days Instead of returning to Los Angeles
to-day, as was his original intention. He
would thus be given an opportunity tc
meet Congressman Maguire upon his ar
rival in this city to-morrow evening.
Should he consent to do this a conference
of Democratic leaders will probably be
held on Wednesday for the purpose of
harmonizing the differences that have
paused W. \V. Foote, M. F. Tarpey arid
such men as represent the best elements
In the partv to rebel against the high
handed methods of the McNab contingent.
asked yesterday to express hia
..views >n the political situation Senator
White declared that he was not sufficient
ly familiar with the condition of affairs
In h:s party In this .State to justify him in
giving an opinion as to what the outcome
of the campaign will be.
"I returned from Washington but a '
short time ago." he said, "and since my ;
arrival in the State my time and atten
tion has been so taken up with important
legal business that I have had no time
.to devote to political matters. My pres
.. ent visit to ban Francisco is due solely '
to the necessity for my presence here in
connection with some legal business of !
•Importance. 1 shall return to Los An
:' geles to-morrow morning or to-morrow :
afternoon at the latest. I wish to have :
It understood that my visit has nothing j
td'do with politics in any way."
Concerning the statement that he would
• go to the State convention as the chair- i
man of the Los Angeles delegation and j
■would place Judge Maguire in nomination ;
Tor Governor, Senator White had this to
■ay :
"I do not even know whether or not f
I shall attend the convention, and there i
has certainly been nothing said to me
about mv being the chairman of the Los
Angeles delegation. It is my desire to
attend the convention and 1 shall cer
tainly do so if I can so arrange my prl
: va;p affairs as to make my presence in
S.aeramento possible.
"As to any understanding that I shall
place Judge Maguire In nomination for
Governor there Is none. If 1 am present;
at the convention I shall certainly give
myself the pleasure of saying something
In behalf of Maguire. Should I be se
lected tw make th* nominating speech I
Would he particularly gratified, as the
Judge and 1 have been friends from
• childhood and 1 bave for him a very
high regard. No auch arrangements have
been maie. however, and, as I said be
fore. I do not even know whether I will
ittend the convention. I cer
tainly think that Maguire will receive
the. nomination, as there .ifems to be no
opposition to him, and I also think that
If he is nomnlated he will be elected. He
has made an enviable record in Con
gress and stands high In the estimation
of the people of California.
"< ' oTicernlng the present position of the
■Democratic party regarding fusion I must
beg to be excused from making any
statement, for the reason that I am not
familiar with all of the facts. As an
abstract proposition I still hold to the
Views publicly expressed by myself and
Others manv months ago. That is to
say. that I am in favor of the co-operation
of all forces favoring free silver. As to
the manner in which fusion was brought
about in this State or th" basis upon
v.-hleh i: was arranged I have nothing to
say bee • use 1 am not familiar with the
facts. N-icher am I prepared to say
■whether 1 think It advisable for the Dem
ocratic party to nominate a straight Dem
ocratic ticket. As I have said, the present
Btatus of this matter ia not familiar to me
. and I am. therefore, not qualified to ex
press an opinion."
.. Senator White also confessed Ignorance
' as to the details of the sp.lt in the local
Democracy. He said that he knew there
was some dissatisfaction in the party in
this city, a condition of affairs that Is
duplicated in tho Democracy of Los An
geles County. He declared that he had
given tho matter no attention, neither
here nor at home, and had no Intention
of b<->!nkr forced into the position of ref
eree In disputes tnat appeared to be
merely local. He was also in ignorance,
he said, of any plans that may have been
ADVERTISEMENTS,
: TELEPHONE GRANT 33 «nd 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
.'.: New season's teas are all
' in. As direct importers we
are able to offer them at
old prices.
- Regular prices and quali-
ties will be maintained.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday— Wednesday
• TEA, ten varieties, regularly 50c... Pound 4Oc
■ £„'.' in r ',V sta " ■ '■'■>■' but a savin* of
.OLIVES. Manzanilla. regularly 20c quart..
•• Quart 10c
BAKING POWDER. ">.> w Era/ . our own
make. AYe guarantee it pure. Regu-
larly Mo pound I? ound tin SOe
MILKI'ANS. retinned. extra qualltv goods.
. Regularly A quarts. :> ; 10 quarts, 25c.
4 Qoart«. IOc; 10 quarts. 13c
fUDDING-PANS, retlnn-,1. extra quality
goods. Regularly 4 quarts. 15c. ...N0w lOe
•"• CULLENDERS, returned, extra quality 13
Inches In diameter. Regularly 30c....' '
' "' ".'•/•••• Each 20c
SANTA ANA CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL
the standard of purity. Guaranteed equal
. to the, highest-priced In the market../....
•• •• Bottle 75e
. GIN, Imported Holland. Regularly 90c i and
. M...... Bottle, T6O; Gallon, 9a .2(1
•Bond for Auru»t War Catalogua— full of valu-
able Information. Mailed free. j
made for the selection o' a chairman for
the State convention. If any such plans
had been made he had not been taken
into the confidence of those who mao>
them, and he had not been asked if he
would accept the position if it were ten
dered to him. The uncertainty of his
ability to attend the convention, he said,
made the consideration of the subject at
this time worse than useless.
Concerning the annexation of the Ha
waiian Islands and the effect of such ac
tion on the future cf the country Senator
White was almost as non-committal as ne
was about Democratic politics.
"The stand taken by me on the Ha
waiian question." he said, "13 well known
to every one. I am not prepared to say
that there was not a majority of the
r. embers of Congress in favor of annexa
tion but I do think that it would have
been defeated had it not been for the sen
timent engendered by the conditions aris
ing from our present war with Spain.
What my future course will be I nm not
at this time prepared to say. The annex
ation of the islands Is an accomplished
fact— a fact that has established a prece
dent that must necessarily change th«
entire foreign policy of this Government.
The question of the limits and extent of
this new policy Is one that should be
given the very' gravest thought, for on
It depends. In n great measure, our future
as a nation. The mere fact of the acqui
sition of the Hawaiian Islands would not
of itself be of very great Importance were
it not for the additional fact that their
acquisition establishes a precedent that
at once and for all time affects our
standing among the nations of the
wofld." «_________»___«.
HORSESHOEING TOURNAMENT.
Frank O'Rourke Won the First Prize
and Henry Gerlach the Second.
The final contest In the horsehoelng
tournament at Central Park, under the
auspices of the Mechanics' Athletic
T'nlon, took place yesterday afternoon In
the presence of a large number of peo
ple.
There were four contestants, Frank
O'Rourke. Henry Gerlach, Thomas Tier
ney and James O'Rourke. each being al
lowed twn helpers and a blower. Tom
Carroll, the athlete, was referee. Frank
O'Rourke won the first prlzo of $lf>0 : time.
fourteen minutes, twenty-seven seconds:
Henry Gorlach. second prlz»> of $50: Thom
as Tierney. third prize of $35. and James
O'Rourke was fourth.
Anti-Civil Service League.
A meeting o€ the executive committee
of the Anti-Civil Service State League of
California was held at the office of the
chairman on Saturday evening. It was
decided to Issue the Anti-Civil Service
Gazette for the purpose of informing the I
public as to the objects of the organiza
tion. The nominating convention to m^et
next month will comprise fifty delegates
who will place a full ticket in the field
to be voted for by those opposed to civil
service. The chairman will attend the
political conventions and endeavor to se
cure favorable action with platforms.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the r'rystal warm sea
water tub and swlmrr.lng baths. North Beach.
SHANAHAN ACCEPTS THE NOMINATION
The Populist Candidate for Governor Opposes the
Fusion of His" Party With the Democrats.
T. W. H. Shanahan, the Populist candidate for Governor, has for
mally accepted the nomination of his party. In his letter of accept
ance he takes exception to the win? of the Populist party that fa
vors fusion with the Dr locrats. • Hi 3 letter follows:
To D. T. Fowler, Chairman, and Carleton H. Johnson. Secretary, of
the State Convention of the People's Party of California— Gentlemen:
I desire through you as chairman and secretary of the State conven
tion of the People's party recently held at Saeremento to express to the
delegates constituting said convention and the People's party my appre
ciation of the honor which said convention has conferred upon me by
selecting me as Its nominee for Governor.
I am thoroughly In accord with the principles of the party as stated In
its platform, and I accept the nomination and the platform without reser
vation, and If elected as Governor will use all my energy to carry Into
effect the declarations of the party as therein enunciated.
The acts of my public life as a representative of the people are mat
ters of record, and I am glad that they are such as to have commended
me to the favorable consideration of the State convention of the People's
party.
When I joined the People's party I did so because its principles were In
harmony with my sense of what was necessary to establish justice. These
demands, if sturdily adhered to and contended for, will in my Judgment
be accepted within a reasonable time by a majority of the people of this
nation; but the principles for which we contend cannot be established as
the law of the land in any other manner than by maintaining the integ
rity of the party which declares for the same. This is a mateer so clear
In the light of party organization and political history that it needs no
further argument.
As the campaign progresses I will address the people at various places
throughout the State in support of the principles of the party and trust I
shall have the hearty co-operation of all who believe In the platform.
All experiences show that efforts of the members of a party to secure
office by fusion In advance of the reception of their principles by a major
ity of the voters is destructive to the existence of the party itself.
Some unusual circumstances surrounding the said State convention call
for brief notice at this time. It would have afforded me pleasure to have
supported any other person as the nominee of the party for Governor who
was an acknowledged member of the People's pa/ty. I cannot recognize
that any person was nominated in opposition to myself because no member
of another party could be properly or Justly placed in nomination or re
ceive votes in said convention.
The nomination in manner and form attempted to be made by the
fuslonists !s an insult to the People's party and an Insufferable attempted
imposition on the Democratic party, as, In effect, it declares that no mem
ber of the People's party is worthy of the nomination for Governor, and
that the Democratic party is too Incompetent or too venal to be trusted
making a nomination, even on a fusion basts, for that office. If the fuslon
ists of the late Sacramento convention prevail they will have accom
plished the unparalleled result of the nomination by a faction of pretended
members of a political party, of a candidate for Governor from without
the party, and of naming, without alternative, a candidate for Governor
for another political party opposed to the party with which such faction
pretended to affiliate.
The delegates who made the attempt to nominate a candidate for Gov
ernor from without the party violated their positive instructions in many
cases (notably twenty-six delegates from San Francisco), and their Im
plied duty in every Instance to nominate a People's party ticket under the
call for said convention.
Deeming ns I do that all efforts of such a nature were illegal and In
violation of the trust reposed In the delegates sent to nominate a People's
party ticket, I have no hesitation whatever in considering myself as the
unanimous nominee of the People's party for Governor of this State, for It
has never been contended that any political party Is bound by the actions
of its representatives who violate their trust by going outside of their
party to nominate political opponents.
Believing that the great cause which we represent, which may not be
■wholly carried In a single campaign, but which requires patience, labor
and faithfulness to our trust, must surely triumph if we are true to our
party, I ask of all the voters of the State a thorough examination of our
principles, as expressed in our platform, confident that, when so exam
ined and understood, they will be accepted and ratified by a majority.
I have the honor to remain, very sincerely your obedient servant,
August 6, IS9B.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
THEY AGAIN
MEET DEFEAT
Stocktons Outplayed by
the Local Team.
WARD TUMBLES TO HIMSELF
THE FRISCOS PRESENTED A
GREAT APPEARANCE.
The Game Was Beautifully Played
on One Side, While Errors Ga
lore Marked tne Work of
the Other.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The San Franciseos presented a very
able and competent appearance yesterday
afternoon and in consequence defeated
the tall-enders by a score of 5 to 1.
i A good crowd turned out to witness the
! game and were agreeably surprised at
I the excellence of the San Franciseos'
I playing.
This team, as It Is now, should prove
! formidable, providing the men shall be
; allowed to continue In their present post
i tions.
Ward. In renter, Is a good player and
I will Improve with practice. His high and
lofty maneuvering In center garden yes
terday was the direct result of "lack
of practice." Smith, at third, hnndled
himself well, as did Brown in right field.
The team really played good ball at
the bat, on the bases and in the field, and
their work Is deserving of commendation.
The tall-enders were hardly ever in the
i hunt, for their miserable fielding demol
i Shed every opportunity presented where
by a chance to gain a lead became possi-
I bie. They batted well, but not oppor
tunely, which accounts for uieir iow
score in the run column. This team sure
ly needs coaching, and undoubtedly
abundant practice.
Their pitcher, Whalen, Is a good man;
but with such support as he is in the
habit of receiving from his colleagues It
Is a wonder he does half so well.
The game was won by the San Fran
ciscos 1 opportune hitting, combined with
bast-running and the eight errors of their
opponents.
Shea was very effective, keeping his
hits well scattered, .and all told pitched
an excellent game. ''.'■' j '■■'.-.• ":
The feature of the game was \v ard s
sensational maneuvering. intermingled
with some precepitancy while endeavor-
Ing to intercept line hits. The score is
as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith 3 b 3 0 10 3 3 0
Kru«, s 8 4 0 10 4 0 1
Murphy. 1 b 4 0 0 0 9 0 0
Dunleavv. 2 b 4 1 1 0 2 3 0
Hammond, c 4 2 1 1 6 1 0
Hearty 1. f 3 0 0 12 10
HroXn.'r. t 4 12 2 10 0
Ward. c. t 3 110?00
Shea, p _3 J> _0 _0 _1 JS _0
Totals 33 5 7 4 27 13 1
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pelna. 1 b 4 0 1 0 10 1 0
Billings, c 3 0 2 0 3 3 2
Smith. 2 b 4 0 10 3 8 1
Rice c. f 3 10 0 10 0
Mailer. I. 1 3010010
Starkly. s. 8 4 0 10 3 2 2
White. 3 b 4 0 2 0 3 8 2
Knell, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whalen, p 3 J) _0 J> J> J J
Totals 82 18 0 »23 20 8
. RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton ....0 0 0 10 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits 0 1 2 1 1 1 1 0 1-S
San Francisco 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 2 •— 5
Base hits 1 1 2 1 0 0 1 1 •— 7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen. 1; Shea, 1.
Two-base hits— Krugr, Billings. Muller. Base on
errors— San Francisco, 6: Stockton, 1. Bases on
balls— Francisco, 3; Stockton, 3. Left on
bases— San Francisco, 6: Stockton, «. Struck
out— By Whalen. 2; by Shea, 5. Double play-
Shea to Murphy. Passed ball— Billings. Time
of frame— l:ls. Umpire— Rube Levy.
•Shea declared nut on hit to shortstop be
cause baserunner Drown Interfered with fielder.
ATHLETICS TRIUMPHANT.
They Defeat the San Joses in a
Hot Game.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 7.— To-day the Ath
letics evened up old scores and checked the
onward career of San Jose. Fltzpatrlck
was invincible and was given superb sup
port. Pyne with the bat and Stultz In
the field carried off the honors. Crowley's
Indians rang the beil in the first inning
on a three-base hit by Pyne and a mis
judged line ball by McGucken. Then in
the eighth Pyne again crossed the plate
on a two-bagger, single by Riley and a
long fly to right field. This Is the first
time this season the Athletics have de
feated San Jose, losing all the other
games by a narrow margin. The score:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. Hit. SB. PO. A. K.
Pyne. 1 b 4 2 2 0 12 0 0
Rlley, 2 b 4 0 2 0 6 2 1
McLaughlln, 1. f 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Btults, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 « 0
Ford c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hilderbrandt, r. f... 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Johnston, 3 b 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Peters, c 3 0 0 0 0 10
Fitrpatrick, p 3 0 0 0 0 6 0
Totals 33 2 6 0 27 14 1
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley. 1. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Hanlon, 1 b 3 0 0 0 10 0 1
McGucken, c. f 4 0 112 0 0
Egan. 2 b 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Foley. r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
McCarthy, 3 b 2 0 0 0 2 1 1
Brockhoff, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 4 1
Kent, c 8 0 0 0 4 0 0
Iberg, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
Totals .29 0 3 1 24 9 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Athletics 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 •— 2
San Jose 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
SUMMARY.
Earned run— Athletics. Two-base hits— Pjme,
McLaughlln. Three-base hits— Pyne, Riley,
Iberg. Double ploys— Stulta to Riley to Pyne;
McGucken to Brockhoff to Hanlon. First base
on balls— San .Tope, 3. Struck out— By Iberg, 3.
Left on bases— San Jose, 3: Athletics. 7. Time
of frame— l:4s. Umpire — O'Connell. Scorers-
Doyle and Webber.
THE FRESNOS DEFEATED.
Downed by the Gilt Edges in
an Exciting Game of
Ball.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 7.— The first five
innings of the game between the Gilt
Edges and the Fresnos to-day was top
notch, with the chances in favor of the
latter team, but In the sixth Borchers was
touched for three hits and went to pieces.
At the end of the fourth the score stood
4 to 1 In favor of the Frosnos, but when
the last ball had been pitched matters
had been reversed and the Gilts won by a
score of 13 to 3. Thescore:
GILT EDGE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 3 b 6 0 2 10 4 0
Hutchinson. 2 b 6 2 2 2 2 7 0
Doyle, c. f 6 2 2 2 2 11
Stanley, c 4 1 1 1 10 4 0
Harvey, p 5 3 110 2 0
Shanahan, lb 4 1 0 1 10 0 1
Lnckhead, s. a 6 2 2 8 1 2 0
Dennle, r. t 4 11110 0
Borland, 1. t 4 12 110 0
Totals 43 13 13 13 27 20 2
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks. 2 b 5 0 2 0 14 1
Courtney, s. s 5 1 0 0 0 4 0
Hughes. I. f. & r. f.. 3 1 0 0 1 1 4
Hnrchers. p 4 2 2 0 1 i 0
Conrad, c. & 1 b.... 4 0 1 0 7 0 0
Moore. 3 b 4 0 1 0 2 0 1
Thomas, c. f 110 0 4 0 0
Mangerina. Ib.& c. 4 1 2 0 10 1 0
Tawney. r. t. & 1. f. 4 0 1 1 1 0 2
Totals 34 6 9 1 27 12 8
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Gilt Edg« 1 0 0 0 0 3 3 4 2-13
Base hits 1 0 2 0 0 3 3 3 2—13
Fresno 2 02000020—6
Base hits 3 11011020—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey 5, Borchers 7.
Threp-hase hits— Borland an<l Franks. Two
base bits— Hntehtnaon, Lockhead. Borchers.
Sacrifice hit — Shanahan. Flr.»t base on errors —
Out Bdn '. Fresno 2. Finn base on called
balls — Off Harvey 10, off Borchers 5. Left on
t,a.-<?«— Oilt Edtre 10. Fresno 14. Struck out—
By Harvey 8, by Borchers 7. Hit by pitcher—
Bhanahan. Passed ball— Conrad. Time of
game — 2:10. Umpire — Dave Creamer. Scorer- —
G. A. Griffin.
The Sand Crabs Won.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 7.— The Sand Crabs
worsted Oakland in one of the fastest
games of the season to-day. Oakland
put up a fast game, but owing to Dau
benbls' effective box work were not able
to make much headway in the run-get
ting line. Santa Cruz put up a beautiful
fielding game and batted the ball hard
when runs were most needed. Mcln
tyre's good all-round work and Lange's
wonderful work at third were the prin
cipal features of the game. The score:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Melntyre, c. f 4 1 2 1 4 0 0
Williams, s. 8 4 110 2 4 1
Dpvereaux. 3 b 3 1 1 2 0 0 0
Ptrieb. 1- f 4 110 10 0
Fitzgerald. 1 b 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
C Daubenbts. c... 4 0 10 5 10
Arellanes, 2 b 4 12 0 4 8 0
McGrath. r. f 3 0 1 1 1 0 1
E. Daubenbls, p.... 3 0 0 0 1 4 0
Totals 32 5 9 4 27 12 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 2
o'Neil. 2 b 4 0 10 4 11
Lanjte. 3 b 4 1110 3 0
Hardle r. f 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 10 7 0 1
Schmeer. s. s 4 0 1 0 1 1 1
M.Hklman. 1 b 3 0 0 0 8 1 0
Dmui, l. f 3010100
Russell, p 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 32 2 6 1 24 9 6
ADVERTISEMENTS,
4- ♦-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f'f'f'f-f'f'f'f-f «♦"♦"♦"♦'"♦"♦"♦"♦•'♦•'♦"♦"♦■'♦"♦"♦"♦'■♦'>
a. »
♦kJ^ULjr' POWER **
"*" WB\ \ * •*fef^£ t Z>**JF^ Thousands of young, middle aged
"*" wA v * *\. 7 j&Gslj&ffP and old men are suffering from want . -f
♦ W |S>j , .' j^BMBMty of strength and manly vigor, induced .+
♦ I JJcxmS&G&jA by a variety of causes, such as fast +
♦ I Jt^V^^g---rg|"^^^^ißy living, early excesses and indiscre- +
♦ L tions, overwork. mental . anxiety, >
'"*" Mk ■ brain fag, etc.. who might quickly re- -f
"*" H^rVk. _i*K\*^S^^BC6rt gain full possession of mental and >
X N^^^ Mw^j^Hßy physical powers by using
: Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt :
+ +
"♦" With appliances for weak men. "Wonderful cures are reported dally, +
♦ and grateful friends send us the most Interesting accounts of how, un- +
♦ der this splendid system of self-treatment, their eyes began to sparkle,
♦ their blood began to bound through their veins, and their muscular and
♦ nervous systems to regain all the elasticity and fire of early youth.
♦ -ELECTRICITY IB LIFE." It makes life a pleasure to live by re-
"*" storing the vigor of manhood and womanhood. Are you weak? If
•■*".' bo, try It. Feel the Joyous energy filling your nerves; feel v the warm
+- blood coursing through your veins, bringing health and strength.
♦ "It cured me of weakness two years ago, and I am a strong end +
♦ healthy man ever since," writes P. P. Fennelly, Elmlra, Cal. -f
t Read Dr. Sanden's Book, Free. +
+. It Is full of valuable information to weak men. It explains why mefl- ♦
X lclne fails and Dr. Sanden'3 Belt cures. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt la aa +
■rood for women as for men. Book free. Call or » idress, -♦■
: DR. A. T. SANDEN, * .'not ih onus stores. "*: J
a 703 Market Street. Corns: Kearay, San Fraaeiu*. _[
■ Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 . Dr - Sanden's Electric Belt +
+ to 1. Branches at Los Anceles. Cal,. 2044 '■> lB never . sold in drugs tores ..-. +
x- South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only
"*" ton street; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; » l our office. '^^SBBBfmi „ "*"
+ Dallas, Tex., 255 Main street. , ♦ ■ ■ — : ¥ ,■■ ■+.
RUNS BY INXINGS.
Santa Crus 0 010200»^-»
Base hits 0 0 2 1 S 1 0 2 *-9
Oakland 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0-2
Base hits 0 112 0 0 1 1 o—6
Earned runs— Santa Cruz 1. Two-base h j t9 r
Lange, Hardle. Three-bane hits— Strleb. Arel
lanes. Sacrifice hits— Fitzgerald. Sullivan.
Donovan. Double plays-E. Daubenbls to Will
iams to Fitzgerald: Williams to Arellanes to
Fitzgerald: E. Daubenbls to Arellanes to £'«
gerald. Base on balls— E. Daubenbls 1. Base
on hit by pitched ball— Devereaux. MeGrath.
Struck out— By Daubenbls 4, by Russell o.
Passed ball— Daubenbls. Time of frame— i:».
Umpire— Hugh Smith. Scorer— Fleiel*.
The Eighth Defeated.
OAKLAND. Aug. 7.— ln a ten-Inning
game at Elmhurst to-day the soldier
baseball team from Camp Barrett went
down to defeat at the hands of the Grand
Rule Bazaar team. From start to finish
the contest was an Interesting one, and
but for a bad ruling of the umpire in the
last half of the tenth Inning the game
might have lasted several more Innings.
The score was as follows:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Grand Rule Bazaar 4 1
Eighth Regiment 3 5
Batteries— Munson and Russell: Bevlllo and
Clark. Bevllla struck out fourteen men.
The Game a Draw.
WATSONYILLE, Aug. 7.— The K. S. and
P.'s of San Francisco and the P. V. "W.s
of this city played an eleven-inning game
here to-day with a score of three to three.
The game would probably have been de
cided In the next Inning but for the fact
that the Frisco boys had to stop playing
to catch the train for home. Donlin. who
next week goes to the Athletics of San
Francisco, pitched his farewell game for
the P. V. W.s, with whom he has been
for the last five months.
The Victorious Alumni.
The Alumni and the Llvermore baseball
teams met on the diamond in Oakland
yesterday and played a ten-inning game,
resulting in a score of eleven for the
Alumni team and eight for the Liver
mores. Golinsky, McLean and Allen were
the battery for the Alumni nine and Hu
pers, McCann and Meese for the Liver
more team.
PEPPEBED THE BUXLSEYE.
Marksmen at Schuetzen Park Shoot
All Day and Make Good.
Scores.
The Bharp. decisive popping of rifles In
the hands of keen-eyed marksmen was
heard from morning till evening at
Schuetzen Park yesterday. Three clubs
held monthly shoots, and the attendance
was large. It was a good day for the
riflemen, as the atmosphere was clear,
with little breeze blowing.
The Vereln Elntracht Schuetzen Sec
tion and the California SchuetxeiVClub
held their monthly medal shoots, while
the San Francisco Grutll Shooting Sec
tion members shot in their regular tenth
annual bullseyo and prize shooting con
test. _
In the Verein Elntracht shoot Captain
F. A. Kuhls carried off the honors In the
champion class, with a score of 416. John
Young made the first best shot and A.
Wirtner the last, both making bullseyes.
The other scores were as follows: First
class— C. Schroeder, #U. Second class—
C. Suehrstedt, 325; H. Schwelger. 274.
As the Grutli shoot las'-d until late In
the evening no scores w«"*j tallied. There
were forty prizes, and $27 in cash was in
this contest, both money and other prizes
being scheduled for distribution to the
winners at Union Square Hall next
Thursday evening.
A. Strecker. the "Tall Sycamore of the
California Schuetzen Club," distinguished
himself by making four bullseyes in suc
cession in the monthly medal shoot of
that club. Strecker has practiced more
than usual of late and is rapidly return-
Ing to his old form. His score of 413 car
ried off the medal In the first champion
class. Following were scores in detail:
First champion class— A. Strecker,
score. 443; J. F. Robinson. 3?7.
Second champion class— D. B. Faktor,
443; Captain F. A. Kuhls. 406.
First class— O. Bremer, 421; F. E. Ma-
S °Second class— C. Eging, 409; Captain F.
Third class— A. Juneblut, 370; R. Lan
e< Fourth class— F. Wollmer, 392; "W. Nol-
First best shot. D. B. Faktor, score 25;
last best shot. A. Strecker, score 25.
Cadet class— G. Tammeyer, 37a; E.
Woene, 375; F. Kullman. 315.
SHOT IN A HIGH WIND.
Shell Mound Riflemen Strive in Vain
for Good Scores.
There were but few shooting organiza
tions on the Shell Mound rifle range, and
the scores made were nothing to boast of
because of the high west wind that cp*ne
In from the bay. A number of the mem
bers of the San Francisco Schuetzen Ve
reln and the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Clubs were out for practice, and they had
all they wanted In the way of guessing as
to how to work their wind-gauges. The
following scores were made:
Deutscher Krieger Vereln. monthly medal
shoot. 20 shntß, German 25-ring target. 200
y.inls: Champion class— George Hetzel 34f>
rlnjra. First class — Fritz Kaiser, 314. Second
class— John Bender. 254. Third class— Louis
Laubscher. 308. Hest first shot— ll. Mohr. 21
rings. Best last phot — John Bender, 24.
First ami second divisions of the naval mi
litia monthly medal shoot, 10 shots. Blunt tar
get ' *ort yards, Lee military rifle— J. Tausaint
10 'G Hammond 32. R. Cogglns 32. C. Bob 16,
J ' X Back 24, Llndecker 26, J. F. Daly 20. A.
Q Qulnlin 36. H. Muller So. H. Sandy 23, F.
Burns 17 J. Soher 19. R. Blake 24. C. Pierce
14 C F 'Butte 15. C. F. "Well>y 27. F. Murphy
3s' Lieutenant Dennis 40, H. Roderick 26, V.
Paris 34. J. Beattle 31.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot, 10
shots 200 yards. Blunt target, military rifle —
Sergeant C. Andrews 41, W. Llndecker 39, R.
M irrls 32. C. Frederlckson 31. Lieutenant J.
Staude 35 C Gillorsen 41, Corporal P. Schonlg
40 Sergeant G. Mitchell 39. H. Goetjen 35. H.
Staude 32. Sergeant C. Komheck 33. J. Schnie
dpr 39. Sergeant C. Schneider 3S, Captain L.
Schneider 33.
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITYOF j||ifi PARIS I
DRY GOODS COMPANY. 9
HOUSEKEEPING DEPARTMENT. f
Blankets = = = = Blankets t
We have just opened and are now exhibiting In our Geary street ©
windows the finest line of WHITE BLANKETS in the city. Expressly I
made for the City of Paris Dry Goods Company. Conceded to be the V
best values ever offered in this market. ' a)
11-4 ' full sized at the ; following prices; • • i X
$3.25, .... . . T
$3.73, (i)
&-4-.SO, T
S&«5.OO, (4)
$6.50, T
*S.OO. V
$11. 00, A
$12.50. <p
We also carry the best qualities in the MISSION WOOLEN MILLS (4)
BLANKETS. rfr-H )■■ X
Reversible Colored Blankets for bath robes (new designs). - V
Extra quality fine Colored Blankets (Jacquard borders). . . ' , A)
CRIB BLANKETS, all sizes and qualities. , , €)
SPECIAL SALE T
To Close Out Odd Numbers of COMFORTERS. $
45 full size, reduced from *1 00 to 6Oc ®
38 full size, reduced from 110 to 7OC rt>
25 full size, reduced from 125 to S»C *5*
55 full size, reduced from liS to » 1 « A
63 full size, reduced from »00 to »1 ka I
23 full size, reduced from 225 to $1 OO ©
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. ®
UNION SQUARE. <i)
ATTENTION, DEMOCRATIC VOTERS! I
A primary election for the selection of dele
gates to the Democratic State Convention will
be held In the various Assembly Districts on
MONDAY EVENING, August 8. between tne
hour; of 8 and 10 o'clock. All Democrats
whose names appear on the roll will be entitled
to vote. Districts will meet in the following ;
Pl TweW-eiKhth District. 502 Howard street
corner of First; Twenty-ninth District. Bakers
Hall H Third street: Thirtieth District. 1008
fi ward street: Thirty-first District. 1201 How
ard street, corner of Eighth: Thirty-second Dis
trict 543 Bryant street: Thirty-third Dtetrjet,
Mannerbund Hall, corner Twenty-fourth and
Potrero avenue; Thirty-fourth District. Har
mony Hall, corner Mission and ErieMr^:
Thirty-fifth District. Twenty-fourth and Mis
sion streets; Thirty-sixth District Hartf. r ; l ,
Club Eighteenth and Hartford streets; Thirt\
seventh District. Mo wry' a Hall, corner Latruna
and Grove streets; Thirty-eighth District Pow
tn? Hall corner Turk and Pierce streets; !
Thlrtv-ninth District. 333 Golden Gate avenue; ;
Fortieth District, Franklin Hall. Fillmore ,
ftreet near Bush: Forty-first District, south- .
welt corner of Union and Hyde streets; Forty-
Tecond District. 310 O'Farrell street Turner
Hall- Fnrtv-third District. California Hall.
Bush street." near Powell; Forty-fourth District,
northwest corner Green street and Montgomery
avenue; Forty-fifth District. Garibaldi Hall.
Broadway, near Kearny street. HARNEY>
Chairman General Committee Democratic
Party. J. F. McGOVKRN, Secretary.
DAWSON
CITY
And Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL.
Elegant Steel Steamship
LEELANAW
SCO Passengers: Capacity. JOOO Tons Freight.
Now loading at Howard-etreet Wharf.
Will Have Prompt Dispatch.
Freight to St. Michael 113 per ton.
Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
Licbes Building. 139 POST ST.
Munyon'sHeadacheand Indigestion Cure
is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c.
Z^ Makers" of
I§^ rj. Fitting
§pectacles&EyeGiasses
OPT.C.ANSX>~c Us '
642 Market St. instruments
under chromicu BUILDIN&. CATALOGUE [R£E.
DOdOdOOOOOOOOOOOOO
S w PALACE ■***%.
° GRAND * OTELS
Z? BAH FKA,ICt3CO. q
" Connected by a covered pasea&eway.
© 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaohed. **
O -*J1 Under One . Management. O
A NOTE THE PRICSS: O
X Bhtropeac Plan. B l.oo per day and upward n
O American Plan.s3.oo per day and upward >»
A Correspondence Solicited. . Q
A JOHN 0. KIBZPATaiCK. Hut{n. Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
DR.M9NULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Specialist cures Private. Nervous. Blood ami
Diseases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases
and Weaknessesof Men. free. Over2oyears't'.xperi-
ence. PatleimcurertJUllome. ruisroasoimble.
HourB9to3duily;(;::«)toB::»ev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12.
Cousultuiion 3acretlly private. Call, or address
Dr. P. lIOSCOE MrMLTY,
26K Kenrnr San Francisco, Cal.
**^09lbfe!*' > ltf "^ * non-rrl?onoo»
4&£&%P S '*^&MA remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JaMar 1. 1 itKtOWa { ' leet, S permat or rhtea,
/Hyin l toSdiTs.'Rl Whites, unnatural .iis-
SEf Qn»r»ntctd M charge*, or any inllamrn.i-
flif not to l " ar -- tioa. irritation or ulcera-
P> i^PreTenu eoot»gloa. tion of mucous nicm-
*f?ltarHf EvASS CnEMinil.Ro. Cranes. Noa-astrinKent.
\Aci»C;SMT,,3 Sold b y DrmtiHsU.
{HtßKk. US* 2&E-J or Kfnt ' a I ' ll ' ll wrapper,
J^B^B " y e irre«3. prepaid, for
! 'rimfeaT^^B f. 1 - 00 - or 3 bottles, $2.75.
•» i: ■ Circniar B^nt on request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD : USB DAMIANA ■ UITTERS. THB
great V Mexican remedy; ; elves beaitll aaJ
; ttrcazth to th« aexual organ*.
AMUSEMENTS.
MGEOSeO'S GRAND
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 60c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 100.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
LAST "WEEK OF "OUR CALIFORNIA BOY/-
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Magnificent Production of the Great Melo-
dramatic Success.
THE CHERRY PICKERS
200 NIGHTS IN* NEW YORK.
First Time in San Francisco.
Beautiful Scenery! Startling Effects. Elaborate
Costumes'. Picturesque Uniforms'.
A Great Cast! _^
— New European and American Stars — '
The Hegelmanns. World's Greatest Aerial*
lsts; Lillian Burkhart and Company, In the
Dainty Comedietta. "Dropping a Hint" O'Brien.
& Buckley, Musical Comiques; James Thorn-
ton, New Sonfrs and Satire; Macarte Sisters,
Great New Act; W. H. Wlndom and Black-
son Quartet: Angela Sisters, New Repertoire;
Wilton & Stack. Triple Bar Artists; Valbon &
Anthelmine, Vocalists.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera.
ChaJrs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
To-night, also Thursday and Sunday Even-
Ings and special Saturday Matinee, Gounod' ■
Immortal opera,
•♦FAUST! M
To-morrow, Wednesday, Friday and Satur-
day evenings, Verdi's favorite opera, "IL
TROVATORE." -■• Superb- Casts! Enlarged
Chorus! Correct Costumes'. Augmented Or- '
chestra!
Next Week— Wagner's Music Drama, "Lo-
HEXGRIN." A complete production.
Popular prices, 1 25c and 50c. N. B. — A re-
served seat for the matinee 25c. Telephone
Bush 9. .•
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY!
Presenting for the first time In this dtjr
By special arrangement with Nat Goodwin and
A. M. Palmer,
The exhilarating comedy,
HIS ABSENT BQYI i
IT'S A CUP OF JOY— A GREAT CAST. !
Next Monday— Great Revival— "TßlLßY."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
THIS MONDAY NIGHT. Sfflllf
LEWIS MORRISONi
■•■■"""" Supported by ",|
FLORENCE ROBERTS. }V
Gorgeous Production of *. • »
"CAMILLE!"
Next Week— THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
rcSJi& E Su»cES
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
nfftfT FAU- T0 EXHIBIT
Uufll I Aft? TO ATTEND
B ¥p ecl^>
-SECRETARY. rItES.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A GALAXY OF VAUDEVILLE s TALENT
IN THE FREE THEATER.
GIBSON & ALLEN, DOUGLASS & FORD.
ANITA SIMPSON. MASON & REED. ,
DICK MACK. JOHN W. THOMP- pUf£l
SON and NEW MOVING
PICTURES.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater: Children. Be
HI VMDIi Eddy, cor. Mason — Greatest Aero-
ULlJlirlA batic Novelty of the Age. ROYAL •
TOKIO ACROBATIC WONDERS. Japan's Most
Skilled Balancer?. Jugglers and Acrobats;
DARRELL & MILLER. ROCKWELL, STAN-
LEY ROYCE SISTERS and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday. v
SUTRO BATHS. !
OF>EIN NIGHTS.
ripen Dnily from 7a. m. until 11 p. m. .
ADMISSION 10c -;•.-:•>•- - CHILDREN So
i- \ • njt. with admlp«i"i. 25c: chiiaren. *>&, -;,
Weekly CalUl.so Year :
56
IN MEMORY
OF BISMARCK
Impressive Services at
Berlin.
DEAD STATESMAN EULOGIZED
ROYAL OPERA-HOUSE DRAPEE
IN MOURNING.
Emperor William Expresses the Wish.
That the Prince's Grave Shall
Become a Mecca for Ger-
man Pilgrimage. ,
Special IMspatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Aug. 7.— A Bismarck me
morial service, organized by the Berlin
Bismarck committee, was held at noon
to-day In the Royal Opera House. \
There was a large attendance. The
ceremony was impressive and worthy i
of the occasion. The walls and balcon- }
.ies of the auditorium were draped -with
black. After the funeral march from
Beethoven's "Erolca Symphony" had j
been performed curtains wore drawn
Bfiide disclosing a laurel-surrounded j
bust of Prince Bismarck. In front of
the pedestal upon which stood the bust
was a gold wreath trimmed with ,
•mourning ribbons.
Ernest yon Wildenbruch recited a
poem entitled "Our Bismarck" and the
chorus of the opera sang "Wei Sic
Sanft Ruhen." Privy Councillor Kahl,
an old friend of the dead statesman, j
then delivered an oration in which he j
referred to Prince Bismarck as "the J
conscience of the German people, a I
heritage ever defended with our
blood."
At the conclusion of the oration the \
assembly arose and sang Arendt's
hymn, "Gehm Nun Hin Und Grabt i
Meln Grabe." The services were con- j
eluded by the renderip- of a funeral
march by Wagner.
The Staats Burger Zeitung says that
after the funeral services in Berlin on
Thursday last, at which the Emperor
and Empress and many diplomats were
present, the Emperor, in conversation
with his Ministers, expressed the wish
that the "memory of the great Chan
cellor shall remain fresh and undimmed
with the German people and his grave
become a place of national pilgrimage
for all time."
TWO TRAINING SHIPS
TO BE REHABILITATED
Splendid Work of Former Appren
tices Lead to Secretary Long's
Decision.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— A Washington
■1 to the Herald says: In view of
the splendid results obtained during
the present war from bluejackets who
were former apprentices th<; Navy De
partment has determined to foster the
plan of training: voting boys for service
on board men-of-war. Instructions
were griven yesterday by Secretary
Long for the rehabilitation of the Essex
and Adams as training-ships, one of
which will be stationed on the Atlantic
and the other on the Pacific Coast. Be
riiles these two ships the department
will k<H j p in service the Alliance and
Mohican. The Mohican Is now at Hon
olulu, but will be bro"<rht back to San
Francisco in all probability, where she
will be fitted out fur a cruise to Samoa.
SULTAN SCOFFS AT
AMERICAN DEMANDS
Repudiates Kesponsibility for Losses
Sustained During the Arme
nian Massacres.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 7. — The
Porte on Friday replied to the American
demand for compensation for losses sus
tained by American subjects during the
Armenian massacres.
The reply is the same as that given the
other powers, repudiating all responsibil
ity for the lasses.
During the course of the farewell audi
ence of Dr. J. B. Angell, the retiring
American Minister to Turkey, the Sultan
referred to the war between the United
States and Spain. He said he was much
impressed with the naval operations and
the terrible execution of American gun?
and had ordered the purchase of similar
guns for Turkey.
PLOT OF ANARCHISTS
DISCOVERED AT MADRID
Life of a High Political Personage to
Have Been Attempted To-
Day.
MADRID, Aug. 7.— El Epoca states that
the police are Investigating an anarchist
plot against the life of a high political
personage, which was to have been car
ried out to-morrow, upon the occasion of
the anniversary of Senor Canovas del
Castillo.
COLOMBIA CONGRESS
IN SECRET SESSION
COLON, Colombia. Aug. 7 (via Galves
ton). — It Is understood In local circles that
Congrress is holding a secret session at
Bogota, discussing the matter of the set
tlement of the Cerrutl claim. The dissat
isfaction over the eventual settlement of
the claim and the consequent drain upon
Colombia's resources is beginning to cre
ate much bitter feeling throughout the
country. Even the Italian colonies at
Barranquille and other ports are resenting
the actions of the Italian Government.
~*
KtJNS OFF A GRADE.
Young Woman Injured in a Dutch
■ Flat Stage Disaster.
DUTCH FLAT. Aug. 7.— A stage con
taining fourteen people going to a dance
at Gold Hun, last nifht, went off the
grade. Eva Ghinnulaon'a shoulder was
dislocated. Belle Downing's back injured
and Nellie Stmons was cut about the
head. Others were shaken up and
bruised.
FELL TO HIS DEATH.
Fatal -Mistake of a Mushroom Ped
-"dler at the Pacific-Union Club.
. Leopold Elmont, a peddler of mush
room?, wont to the kitchen of the. Paolilc-
Union Club, Stockton and Post streets,
yesterday morning- seeking trade.
The kitchen is on the second floor, and
In leaving Elmont mistook the door of
the freight elevator for the door opening
on the rear staircase. He turned the key
in the door, opened it and stepped Into
space. He fell a distance of about thirty
feet
Two of the cooks heard his groans, and
on investigating found him bleeding at
the bottom of the shaft. The ambulance
•was .summoned and he was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. His ribs pelvis and
left leg were fractured and he was Buf
fering from internal injuries. He died a
■ few hours later and his body was removed
tO Elmonf°lWed at 734 Eighth avenue. lie
was conscious almost to the last. He
Z% he was a native of Hungary. 49 years
of ape and was unmarried. He was a
lieutenant in the German army during the
Franco German war, and was in receipt
of a pension.
GOSSIP OF
THE FLYERS
A "Find" in the Jockey
Line at Butte.
H. L. FRANK A HEAVY LOSER.
BOSS CROKER MADE A "RUN-UP"
RECORD IN ENGLAND.
A California Turfman Proposes Some
Reforms That Would Be Hailed
With Joy by the Fair-
Minded.
The Butte, Mont., meeting which ended
last Saturday can be put down as a suc
cess in every way, notwithstanding the
fact that comparatively few high-clasa
horses competed. The best flyers that
raced at the big mining camp were Scot-
I tish Chieftain, Mekallah, Miss Rowena,
I Lucky Star and Ostler Joe. The news
j papers of San Francisco were well rep
; resented, Fred E. Mulholland of The Call
! acting as presiding judge for two weeks,
I later as the associate of Ed Hopper In
} the stand, while Ben Benjamin of the
Chronicle has been patrol judge. The
attendance at the track has been very
! large, but the betting was not so heavy
toward the close as at the beginning. Joe
JLangendorftT and Fred Edwards have
j done excellently with the string they
leased of the San Jose turfman, J. Naglee
Burke, Dolore and others more than pay
ing their way.
H. L. Frank of Butte was a heavy
i loser at the Butte meeting and it was
; rumored that he intended leasing his
j horses and quitting the game. Mission*
er's win of a stake on the 2d of August
! may, however, cause him to change his
mind. Joe Piggott, who rides for Mr.
Frank was accounted the best horse pilot
there. Piggott loves San Francisco, and
while he likes Butte some and is well
■ treated there, he declares he "would
1 rather be a lamp-post In 'Frisco than the
! City Hall at Butte."
One of the "finds" of the Montana
meeting was Morgan, who can ride at
102 pounds. He is considered more than
"fair," and San Francisco critics may
I have a chance to judge as to his capabil
, ities next winter. He claims to be an
Indian, but is quite a dark one.
At the Belle Meade sale next October
! there will be disposed of thirty-six year
lings, seventy brood mares and the
two well-known stallions, imp. I>andie
Dinmont and the unbeaten Tre
mont. Tulla Blackburn and the Cali
fornia-bred mare Fairy arg. on the cat
alogue. The latter brought $10,000 at auc
tion when she was retired to the stud.
The Omaha running meeting, booked to
run from August IS to September 7, has
been declared off ac the exposition was
not being patronized as well as was ex
pected. »
The racing stewards of the St. Louis
Fair Association held a meeting on the
night of August 2 and decided to close the
present race meeting at the conclusion of
the regular ninety days, as per the breed
ers 1 racing bill. Thus the meeting winds
up at the end of August. The meeting
has been well patronised by both the
public and the horsemen, racing being
more popular there than in Chicago,
where a syndicate has been running the
books, and" as a matter of course offering
"cinchy" odds.
Tod Sloan rode the first two winners at
Saratoga Saturday and finished third on
Sir Hubert. His winners were Dr. Eicli
bPTg and Damien. who raced out here
two years ago in Pat Dunne's colors.
Martha 11. here last winter, won the
Hendrie stakes, mile and* a sixteenth,
beating Laverock. Lillian Bell, Kenmore
Queen and other good "lies.
Peixotto, Dolore and Duke of York 11.
all bred In California, won at Butte on
the closing day— lust Saturday.
Burns & "vVaterhousp's bay colt Excur
sion (by Take Notice-Picnic) won the
Merchants' stakes at Detroit on Satur
day, running the live furlongs In I:O2Vi.
At Chicago this summer third was the
best he could do. though much was ex
pected of him all the time.
Water Girl, a recent winner at Saratoga,
Is by Imp. Watercress from Parthenia,
the famous race mare by Alarm.
Good Hope, a St. Louis winner, is a
2-year-old sister to Lottie Mills, being by
<"olonel Clark out of Gratitude. Lottie
Mills was a perfect gold mine for years,
and is now, we believe, among the brood
mares on Barney Schrelber's stock farm
at Bridgeton, Mo.
One of the greatest sensations on the
English turf this season was Richard
i inker's purchase of the 2-year-old colt.
Little Saint, out of a selling race at Ban
downe Park, where he gave the largest
sum on record for a selling plater, viz:
1600 guineas.
The colt thus run up to over $8000 In a
selling race cost «X) guineas as a yearling,
and is mighty well bred for a selling
plater, being by Friar's Balsam (sire of
Voter, The Friar and Ca^seopia in this
country) out of Little Emily, by Wis
dom: second dam Lady Emily, by Dis
tun (sire of Imp. Charaxus).
A California turfman who considers that
certain racing men are in receipt of quite
"a shade" at Ingleslde, while others are
favored at the Oakland track to a marked
extent, proposes the following plan of re
form where every one will receive the
same treatment, which will be fair: Pro
grammes should be issued at least a
month in advance, so that no race can
be made, for the horse that has won but
once since April 19 or some other strange
date or condition. There should be six
entry boxes, or one for ench race. The
entries should be opened In plain view of
the turfmen Interested. As the entries
are taken from the box they ought to
be turned face upward and fifteen of them
token in rotation. If any entries remain
they should be left out of the race, even
though they might belong to some spoiled
darling of the club. In this way a poor
owner has as good a chance of starting
his horse as the more wealthy and fav
ored one. As matters are now, it Is said,
some men owning horses have- their en
tries thrown out with great • regularity,
simply because it pleases those In author
ity so to do. There should be but two
selling races per day. one where the top
price is. $2500. the other for, say $1000. Our
racing friend thinks there should be five
handicappers; that they should all turn
in siips (with the horses' names and the
weights they think correct) by a certain
hour; then the pecretury's duty would
be to add up the figures and divide them
by five, thus "striking an average." He
also believes that racing reporters make
the best racing judges, and he believes
they (at least those who have had. say,
five* years' experience or more) should be
the ones to have chnrgre of matters in
both the judges' and stewards' stands.
MAURICE CANNON
IN THE LION'S DEN
BIGGEST MAN AND BIGGEST
LION CAGED TOGETHER.
Thousands at the Chutes — Quiet Day
at the Park and Cliff— Sport
at Sutro Baths.
The Chutos took first place yesterday
among the various pleasure grounds of
the city. At tho park the music was the
feature. It was inspiring as usual, and
gay crowds hovored round the stand. At
the cliff a patriotic programme was ren
dered by the band, and at Sutro Baths the
contests and antics of skillful swimmers
entortalJieil the crowds.
At the Chutes, however, a man had de
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
■ Th«fM- •■■ s9 ■ ■')■'-:'■'
simile y^lfr S/&* „. "l« «
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
dded to risk his life in the lion's den,
just to amuse assembled guests and Im
mediately augment his fame. It was
Maurice Cannon, the big man. Maurice
was billed to visit and pass a few com
pliments with Wallace, the king of the
r 'ktng of beasts," the largest lion in cap
tivity.
"How vas you," said Maurice, address-
Ing the lion when he entered the cage.
A roar was the answer, and Maurice pro
ceeded as rapidly as his weight allowed
to dispose as large a portion of his anat
omy as possible behind that of the train
er. Then Wallace was put through his
pares and likewise Cannon paced, paced
to keep behind the trainer. Then Maurice
and his guardian lit cigars: a minute
later the big man squeezed his form out
through the door. The trainer followed
and the scene was over.
A large crowd witnessed the swimming
races and exhibitions of diving at Sutro
Baths. F. Macfarlane won the twenty
five yard dash for boys, with H. Mish a
good second. The fifty yard race for
Juveniles was won by J. Simpson, with
A. Walter second. The seventy-five yard
juvenile dash was won by H. Mlsh, with
A. Hay second. R. Roach was the win
ner of the fancy diving contest, with W.
Winifred second. Otto Schulte was first
and J- Buker second In the spring-board
diving contest, and F. Green won the
high diving contest, with J. Carroll sec
ond.
PRIZE ESSAY CONTEST.
Four Companies of League of the
Cross Cadets in Patriotic Tem
perance Bally.
The rally of the League of the Cross Ca
dets and prize essay contest at St. Paul's
Church, corner Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, yesterday afternoon was partici
pated in by four companies of cadets, and
the prize was awarded to Lieutenant Will
Kelley. battalion adjutant, Company E,
St. James' Parish.
The subject of the essays and the theme
of the rail} was temperance and patri
otism. The two other essayists were Pri
vate Chris Buckley, Company X, St.
Paul's Parish, and Private Henry Fan
ning. Company O, St. Mary's College.
Captains Riley, Company X; Power, Com
pany I; McCarthy, Company E; O'Niel,
Company O, conducted their commands
into the Vestry of the churo* promptly at
2 o'clock, and a programme of instru
mental and vocal music added to the en
tertainment.
Professor Joseph O'Connor of the Mis
sion High School, Brother Ananias of
Sacred Heart College and Miss J. A. Mc-
Cauley decided the essay contest for tho
district silver medal.
MOTHER RUSSELL'S
REMAINS IN STATE
HER BIER SURROUNDED BY
SORROWING FRIENDS.
Will be Laid to R«st in the Grave
yard at the Magdalen Asylum
by Archbishop Riordan.
The remains of Mother Superior Mary
Baptist Russell, the foundress and direc
tress of St. Mary's Hospital, was viewed
by hundreds of people yesterday as they
lay In state In the little hospital chapel.
Sorrowing sisters kept a constant vigil
over the dead through the entire day,
offering: up their prayers for the repose
of the soul of one who had been to them
a wise and loved superior and to the
world one of the noblest of women. Her
life had been one of charity and devotion,
and, although spent behind convent walls
and apart from the world, it received the
honor and highest praise from the tongues
of men.
The body will He enshrouded In the sa
cred habit of the Bister of mercy in the
little chapol until to-morrow morning at
10 o'clock, when a solemn high mas.« will
be said over it und for the repose of the
fioul of Mother Rutssell by Archbishop
Riordun.
The funeral obsequies will be participat
ed In by the four associate societies of the
order, the members of which will attend
the mass and the funeral service at the
grave.
The Interment will bo held in the little
graveyard at the Magdalen Asylum on
Potrero avenue, the spot where all of the
co-workers who have preceded Sister Rus
sell to thf Ki"<"ive have been laid to rest
after completing their mission of mercy
and self-sacrifice in this world.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush. I^erkln Fts. ; pwimmlnß. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt wnt«r direct (mm nwan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SUFFERER FROM THE
HEAT,
who perspires freely, will be surprised
when he notes how much longer the
linen done up here keeps fresh and cool
when the thermometer Is on the ram-
page, than that they have ever worn
before. Our hot weather laundry wo*k
Is "done up" for keeps, and you Bave.
money by having it done here.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
If you have a Hump Nose. Roman, Flat, Pug,
Red or broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on. In or under your ekln, call on JOHN H.
WOODBURY. 127 West Forty-second St., New
York. Consultation free.
rnoTooiurHSD . THE NEW
AP^ "SIS' THE NEW
ViTaLIS I iotiiDoyr' I S^^^^W^\ jjjm
THE ABOVE RESULTS.IaOth Day. *'«st3^»®s!
It quickly and surely re- • _-, ™ v*/^sar
moves Nervousness. Impotency, I SOU* Day.
Nightly Koalssioni, Evil Drenms, I
Wasting- diseases all efforts of self-abase 01
excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Wards off Insanity
and consumption. Cures when all others fall. Insist
on having V ITAI.IS. no other. Can be carried in
the vest pocket. By mall $I.Ooper package or sU
for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cur© or Kef und
the Money. . Circular Free. Address - ' ■ • -
CALUMET MEDICINE C 0.,. CHICAGO, ILL
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Francisco and
Oakland. . . , , •
.^S^DEWEY.STRONG&CO.^SV
V£S^'33b'MARt(ET &Fsi*sa*ir
' IA/. X. HESS, .
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, " Claus SpreckeU Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, Si California st., below Powell,
San Francisco, \
.'„*, r .\. ADVERTISEMENTS. - . -.■•..,
ONE MONTH ON TRIAL FREE.
rvTf^vr^ • r^\^ MEYERS ' electric
/^^^^a^r^A^f^^—^tf^wipiu aye worn l^ e e^ or a mon^ n '
B^^Slg&a h t^ SwlllilH that time if you do not believe
ts O^ i^^^ :^^ !<^^^^^™^ Meyers examines all applicants
IT free of charge and selects a Belt
ji Wmm^m\\^aii^^S^-^l^^^ Wlt^ a current especially adjusted
llHAds^H dl-!/uff6of *° requirements of each case.
*»fi/J|3JU *** ftift/"* 1 Such examinations frequently dis-
close the fact that electricity will not benefit the patient, and he is so
informed.
Full line of electrical and magnetic appliances at lowest prices. Mail
and express orders a specialty. Correspondence solicited.
MEN AND WOMEN Who need t0 be restored
iVltii^ PIISU. VV^lTlCi^l t0 hea)th should wear DR
MEYERS' ELECTRIC BELT. Its restoring qualities are simply marvelous.
It rebuilds weak and shattered constitutions. It makes perfect men of the
weak and debilitated.
T\O MT7VITDO 731 MARKET ST., Hours-8-6: Evening".
Lin. JilEiiEJio, Take Elevator to 3d Floor. s&gSSSteU?»fl.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OP CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
• SACRAMENTO. July 80th. ISM.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State or
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January A. D. lbJ7.
two-thirds of nil the members elected to each
of the two houses of Bald Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NI-'MBER ONB.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, t>y
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: . ,
Section 18. No county, olty, town, township,
board of education, or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the income and revenue provided for It 'or
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the <jualifi-U electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for tne
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, whuh shall not exceed
forty rears from Uw time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third ana
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income ana
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making;, re-
pairing altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, rlace or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and County ar.- hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this ruction; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations thnll apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, thnt the City of
Vallejo. In Solano O unty, may pay its exist-
in/? Indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of its waterworks, whenever two-third; or th»
electors thereof voting at on election held for
that purpose, shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
' 10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the ; Inhabitants of
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section TV,. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter "specified, and consistent with, and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it snail be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other, legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Ueeonler of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and it ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and Fhall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such" county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the recorder of deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may b«!
amended, at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to th-
qualified electors thereof, at ■ general .r
special election held at least forty days a.^er
tho publication of such proposals for twenty
days in a newspaper of general circulation In
such county, and ratified by at least three-
flfthi of the qualified electors voting thereon,
and nppn'V'-d by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for the approval or the county govern-
ment act. In submitting any such county gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposi-
tion may be presented for the choice of the
voters, and may be voted on separately with-
out pre'Udl'-e to others.
It shall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges erf the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the' compensation payable to each of
such i deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed: and, for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and nttaches;'
also, to prescribe the manner aril method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may in addition determine, the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the mnnnexand
method herein pointed out. adopted any county
government act. and the same shall have been
approved by th- Legislature as aforesaid, the
directions of sections four and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a
system of county governments throughout the
S'tnte. and likewise providing for the election
mid appointment of officers, and the regula-
tion of tii-ir compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for i and de-
clared by such county government act," not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature,, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner hereinabove, Bet forth. >
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the peoplo of the
Ftate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known .-md designated as section five and
one-half, article six, thereby providing lor the
organization of a court, to be known aa the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section GV4. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of thf Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hnld
court at the regular terms thereof. Tlie Court'
of Claims shall have oaluilve Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under suoh
law? as may be passed by the Letrlsl.-xture. aud
its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of "Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Ix>s Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
and
In tit* City of. Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all Jaw* necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
fctitutlon of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 5%. The provisions of. sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, • an amendment of section
fifteen and (section sixteen of article five of the
: Constitution of the SJate of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follow
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the name time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
Ihe Governor, or his removal from office, death,
Inability to discharge the powers and duties
' of his office, resignation. <* absence from the
State, the powers and du>V<M of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th«
residue of the term, or until the disability
■ shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be Impeached, displaced. resign, die, or
i become Incapable of performing the duties of
1 his office, or be absent from the State, th«
president pro tefnpore of the Senata shall act
as Governor until the vacancy In th» office of
Governor shrill be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy in the office of Governor for any of the
reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempore
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3S).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools,
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
■hall be applied exclusively to the support if
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organised in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter th« agricultural,
mining or eelentific department of the Uni-
versity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: . ■
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shaH
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall b«
within the limits above prescribed. | Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
.no bill shall be Introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
Now. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
[■'■■'. amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the (nullified electors for
their approval." approved March 7. A. D. 1883,
the above-described "reposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to he voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, nt tin election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER S. A. P. IS9S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: B
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(rxrmptinK certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tes
of Vallejo for the construction of Its-
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such-claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tes
(providing for framing local county
government arts by Inhabitants of •{ No
counties for their government). I
For the Amendment? • ['
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- fi
ate Constitutional Amendment No. I
44 (providing for the creation of a |
Court of Claims to -determine claims I Tes
against the Btate. and to consist of-f
three Superior Judges designated by I No.
the Governor to serve without extra !
compensation). . I
For • the Amendment? (
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-- — —
panlzed, or holding a charter , iin- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? ... ' t :
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly -' Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tai
providing for succession thereto ■: In --
certain cases and removing dlsabiltj-' No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? ■
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 33 Tea
> (relating to and defining Grammar. —
. Schools). . . . No
For the Amendment? . ■ ■
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. . 34 (providing for adjournment of Yet
Legislature for » not less than thirty ■ •
nor more than sixty days during each ; No
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness- my hand and ■ the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year ' herein
first above written. - — . ' < vo "?■■-!■ -»..>• •
- JAMES H. BUDD, Governor
Attest: L, H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
■ fSEAIiJ --■■:■ - ,- - •. - ; -. ■<- r-r-
— T_y^ — ■ — . — — -, '
" I ■^■»BE~~-( *fa_^.----_.J - _r^!^ ?S *S™' "^■"*!*Km iiii ■ —us *''-"*^_r* — * t^~-_ > ** ■**sf
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and N location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department,
i, c ,c SANTA . .
CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing Id
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens:
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics: water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA,
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full Information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St., Los Anceles, Cal.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Los
Gatos; 6 months roundtrlp ticket, $4, or via
Santa Clara. $3 50. New swimming tank. 18«x75
feet, and other Improvements. .
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
MHLAI SPRIGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all Kinds of amuse-
ments; new ewlmmlng tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. Firsf-clsss accommodation*; rats*
reasonable. Write (or illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office. Xl« Montgomery street
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchaatlni
embowered home. Bath bouse rebuilt, clegaai
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. .
NATURAL STEAM AND MINKKAT. BATJTS.
Tepid Swimming _ak». Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $3 69 per
day. R. %l. HORTON. Proprietor.
OS/ 1 AAfl HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\r\_lllll.l Only <% hours from S. F. and
UImUUU but 9 miles staging: waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State: telephone: telegraph; dally mail;
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $5 50:
take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference, any
guest of the past three years. J. F. MUL-
CREW, Proprietor.
TAC TTTTT Tm<3 WARM SPRINGS,
LUO UUILItUO Kenwood. Bonom* Co.,
On the bank of Sonoma Creek. An unrivaled
place for quiet rest. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand/old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap/fare. Liberal table.
Terms $1 per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent or
cottage. For particulars aadress MBSLP. T.
M WATE. Kenwood, or P. T. M. ATE, In-
ternal Revenue OMr* city.
INDEPENDENCE lake.
' A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats tree to guests. I- in* lining. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
natrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
IS in th- heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroksa
forest The Ideal "Pot for families because It Is
rleiiL no poison oik. no pests. And pure air
_rT_ure water. AJdn-ss MRS. H. M. CLEM-
nNS p Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
will be open to the public.
___-_««- -a r_r_ springs,
HOWARD putah p.o.
IIVJ-VT XE^±f LAKECOUNfY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fata-
tiles Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip. $19. Southern Pacific offlcs. tU
MAM A r d d e rV£ tr "*' MRS. R. J. BEEBT,
~ SPRING VALE RANCH.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons Hunting and fishing. Fresh fruit. Table
first-class. Free bus. Write for pamphlet.
WHTTCOMB CO., Sequel, Cal.
I am acquainted with the case of the wife of a nouse painter I»
Brooklyn, who had the grip, and was confined to the house for three
months. She was in a listless state and suffered terribly with nausea,
It so happened that a friend had given some Ripans Tabules to this
lady's sister who had suffered from indigestion, and as they did her so
much good she thought she would try them on Mrs. Hill, feeling sura
that if they did her no good they would at least do no harm. The
patient was then In the hands of her physician, but soon she was so
much better tbat her neighbors noticed the change and asked about
It She then said that she had changed her doctor, and laughingly
added, my new doctor is colored — chocolate color. It seems that as
*oon as she began to take the Tabules, she began to mend. The
nausea disappeared and she began to feel that the future still had
days of sunshine in store ior btc
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprieto*
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED .
MANAGEMENT.
\->i sf H *rr bi n* in iwvnv^rjttgMggMßJl^
»— bP^t-" i' *£=--'*4{~ jj ~ j *' y > '» "*' n ' .
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURB
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
, HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS*
IRON SPRINO3,
NEW HOTEt. AKTD COTTAGES.
3»AIT> ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
MARK WEST springs
■ The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$'.< to $12 per week. Address FRESB & JU_LR-
GENSEN. -' .-
! CARLSBAD
' ! MINERAL SPRINGS.
1 MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed- for STOMACH, LIVER,
- KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
trip ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs, Lake
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R.. $9. Terms,
$S to $10 per week.
-.; W. R. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
t SUMMIT SODA
: SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dinner. Placer. Co., Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmcto; n!©.-
tnresque scenery; mountain walks; - pur*
I spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena. Cal.
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS. Sonoma County. Open
all year; N. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing.
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives,
croquet, billiards, etc.; excellent table. Terms:
$8.00 to $12.00 a week. PETER SICKELS. pro-
prietor. or I. E. THAYER. 28 California street.'
Beware of Imitations
\ -■■* TKorcestersMre CO
JOHN DUNCAN*! SONS, A&lkts, NEW VOMKiALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DR. PARDEE
RESORTS
TO ABUSE
Cornered in Trickery,
He Used Epithets.
INTENDED TO DECEIVE
■ -INCENSED AT THE EXPOSURE
OF HIS COMPACT.
.. "Trying to Disfranchise the Voters of
'.'■ ..--the Sunol and Altamont Dis
''. ..\ tricts in the Coming Pri
:■■' . '.. .;' maries.
•-•:" -jQAKIiAND, Aug. 7.— Overwhelmed by
.-■ .-tire exposure of his many political trick-
Vries; Dr. Genre:" C. Pardee haa resorted
t.vtlie last extremity of his kind, and has
ra«"hed into print with clumsily prepared
s-tatements, consisting largely of vulgar
....abuse with which he intended to deceive
•• : the public into believing were denials of
: the charges none better than Pardee
■ .knows to be true.
.The Call this morning called attention
v. to.the doctor's ravings over its exposure
'erf his secret compact with I^ou Brown,
whenby he had agreed, in direct contra
.■ veritioh of all his expressions of good will
. to Mr. Davis, to turn his strength to the
Secretary of State, thus effectually de
: .stroying all chance of the nomination
.'.coming to Alameda County. After doing
. :Vome shrieking on his own account
utrainst an attache of The Call, whom
I ■ t!i he and his master knew had no con
nection whatever with the exposure, the
ydung man who. in addition to his regular
: employment, finds time to boom Pardee.
...: Quotes the doctor as saying in effect that
he had no time to reply to all the accu- j
Bations made against him.
Republicans of Alameda County and of
the entire State would be glad if Dr. Par
. • :'de,e oould rind time to answer these accu
•v cations, Instead of becoming hysterical
over them.
' Bot Dr. Pardee has found time to take
■;. ; cognizance of another episode of his
fantastic campaign, and in doing bo
.he is even less happy than his allu
■ fcion . to the expose of his deal with
Brown. (Several days ago The Call drew
rather forceful attention to the juggling
... with the polling places in Murray Town-
J ship by County Committeeman Harris in
' '.the interest of his friend, the doctor. In
Sunol. Altamont and Tcsla all strong Da
vis precincts, Harris failed to provide for
•. any polling places, but compelling the
ersto travel a considerable distance,
•and at great personal inconvenience, to
exercise their privilege at the primaries.
•■ In the case ot Tesla, Harris ignored the
express instructions of the call issued by
the County • Committee, which provided
• that a polling place should be located
there.
.-/ Dr. Pardee and his organ remained dis
. •■.crt-etjy silent on this subject for some
':" .(lays, presumably to give Harris a chance
..■•to cover? up his coarse work in part by
providing Tesla with a polling place as
• ordered- by the County Committee.
■ When that had been done the doctor be
■'■_ -gan. to ' show signs* of another- spasm,
• -hvliieh has increased to such an extent
.'••that he has broken out with a tirade
•: against The Call for stating that Tesla
was'- to have no polling place. Not a
■vy- rd does he say about Sunol and Alta
' "riiont, w-hich are still out In the cold, and
■:.-. w.Hild have been far better for him
A had'- he restrained himself from saying
• . anything at all. Tesla will have a poll
l ing' "place at the primary simply because
- :Paraee*a man Harris was forced to carry
but the will of the county committee by
■ 'The Call's expose, but Altamont and
• Bun el will not, unless the doctor cornea
to- his senses and issues new orders to
••-Harris.
:/-": TlH^'ls what the Livermore Herald of
■ -relay has to say on the subject:
.'■ •- Th-e Republican voters of Bunol and Altamont
-..are -Justly indignant over the action of Com
' man Harris, representing: the County
•■• Central. Committee, in the location of polling
"Maces throughout Murray Township for the
".State primaries next Saturday. Sunol and Al
.•'•tamont have been left out in the cold, and
• "Tesla- would have shared the same fate had
! . Mr. Harris had his own sweet way in the mat
ter
.-. Whether Karris' desire to disfranchise the
•'• voters &f th»se precincts was prompted by
' another desire to aid Pardee Is a queetlon to
; which is attached considerable significance.
"•' Both' gentlemen are fully aware that Murray
Township with half a chance would elect every
' T>ne of the nine delegates for Davis. It was
•" -.not unt.'l considerable pressure was brought to
." .bear- Aipon Murray's coir.mltteeman that he con
- .fer.tfl to include Tesla as a precinct and abso
. lately 'refused to recognize Sunol and Altamont.
' : The extenuation he offers for his dereliction
; •■ Is flimsy and reminds one of the way In which
'. • Pardt* does politics. Mr. Harris' first excuse
' - for not recognizing the rights of the Republi
"' -.cars of the towns mentioned was that the cost
. ■"•'ln conducting the primaries was too much. Mr.
• ..Karris knows better than to make such a state
; ment and Is fully aware that there is no «
• ,'f*nse attached to the offices of primaries. I.Ms
-.second excuse was that he could not get men
•• .to serve as primary officials. The Insincerity of
'. " this i-tat»m»nt was made clear on Harris" re
. .fnsal to accept the service* of a competent man
' • to procure the proper primary officials, thus re
■" llovlr.g the commltteeman of overwork.
■ ' The whole scheme strikes the Herald as be
.: Ing ap olitical trick perpetrated by a. political
..'.lhyst<?r.
■ . Two towns are practically disfranchised
•■" .In the Interest of Dr. Pardee's candidacy,
"one -of which, Altamont. Is of sufficient
'■ -Importance to have decided the election
• :-at '.Congressman in the Third District four
.'years ago. After these two attempts at
':'} 'explaining" it Is likely that Dr. Pardee'a
■ :f fiends will keep close watch on him here
, /.after and limit his Incursions into Jour
:..: nalism to printing his own speeches.
:.: •••••"• , ' : .
.Annual Baptist Conference.
ELAND', Aug. 7.— The Pacific Coast Con
r. teene» of Baptists meets here next Tuesday
/."and- Wednesday and the session, for the most
; 'part, will »,.- devoted to the conditions of Bap
•.". tlbt education. The programme of the confer
»' ence Includes papers and discussions on this
■subject by the following: Rev. C. A. Wooddy,
" editor of the Pacific Baptist, Portland, Or.:
• Rev. W. E. Randall, general missionary. West
. em Washington; Rev. A. W. Rider, Lo« An
- gles; Rev. C. M. Hill. President T. O.
Brownson. Rev. Robert Whittaker. Rev. H. C.
:'. Woods, D.D.; Rev. W. F. Harper, Redlands;
■ Rev. E. A. Woods, D.D. ; Rev. M. L. Rugg.
Oregon City. Or., Rev. C. H. Hobart, Oakland;
. Rev. D. J. Pierce. D.D.; Rev. A. B. Banks,
" D.D. ; Rev. O. W. Van Osdel. Spokane, Wash.;
and Rev.. E. R. Bennett, Oakland*.
"-. Captain Cummings Dead.
•; OAKLAND. Aug. 7.— Captain J. C. Cum
•"mfnirp. a retired ¥*-a. captain and an old and
• well.known resident of this city, died at his
■ borne on East Fourteenth street and Twenty
. eighth.- avenue, Frultvale, at 8 o'clock this
evening, Captain (utnminKs complained of not
reeling weji i!y in the day and this after
noon -suffered a fatal stroke of apoplexy. De
• ceased was a native of Scotland, aged 1t years.
A- : Bon, Alexander Cummings, resides In San
' Francisco.
;:,". ; Death of Mrs. Mason.
V OAKLAND, Auk- ".—Mrs. Hian'-a Clark Ma
■ ' Win, -wife of ex-SupervtHor William C. Mason.
..' gie,d ...to-day at her home. 3GB East Fourteenth
' street. Deceased was a native of Johnson, Vt.,
; • ai?4d about C 2 years, and resided here for many i
yearn. She In the mother of Mr». W P M«l- !
•.yln. George H. Mason and Mrs. A. Orove Rob
•! erts. ' She is also a sister of Charles Clark of
/Banta Marie, Cal. The funeral will take place
•' to-morroW afternoon.
... '• . Passed Counterfeit Money.
.' : OAKLAND, Aug. 7.— John Sura was arrested
! at' Elmhuret this evening and brought to the
County Jail by Deputy Constable Fox on a
• Warrant issued by Judge Lawrence charging
Wm with, passing counterfeit money. He was
•Immediately released on JSO cash ball, which
. was put up by a number of Portuguese friends
•who accompanied him to the Jail.
■ • Last Day to Register.
• OAKLAND. Aug. 7.— The registration of
voters will close Tuesday. It Is not nec««sary |
tar those whose names are on tins Great peg- j
later of 1896 to again register unless since the
date of last registration they have changed
their place of residence.
TRAP SHOOTING.
Smashing Bluerocks at Alameda
Junction Yesterday Forenoon.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 7.— The Golden Gate Gun
Club and the South End Gun Club had their
Bpcond match in the series of six for the ban
ner trophy at Alameda Junction this forenoon.
Prior to the match several other events were
shot oft*, as follows:
Preliminary ten-bird warm up— Michelson 7,
Lewis 6, Pleanl 2, J. Peal 6, Evans 5, Fire
baugh S.
Twenty birds, $1 entrance, divided into 80, 30
and 20 per cent purses— Pump 12, Firebaugh 13,
Plckenyl 2, Michelson 9, Evans 14. P. Peal 7,
Banner 3, Drlehman 8, Pape 6, Lewis 7, Wollam
9. B. Wollam 7, Palmer 15, Fisher 13. Mike
12, Belloft 7, Summerfleld 10, Pump 17, F.
Feudner 14, F. Firebaugh 11, Jacobaen 4, Fing
ler 6, Maybee 10, Pickott 10, Pump 16. A. J.
Evans 12, Theobold 5. Bickerstaff IS, <Jetz 6,
Friedlander 13. Palmer took first money, F.
Feudner second and Fisher third.
Ten-bird, amateur, wcond barrel allowed—
Feudner 8, Fisher 6. Evans 7. Piekett 7, Pap©
3, Michelson 6, M. McDonald 7, J. McDonald 6,
J. Pehroeder 6, E. Peterson 2. Belloff 7, Getz 3.
Drieschman 4, Btckerstaff 6. Itgen 1. Lewlß 2,
BaWMT 1, Kerrlbon 6, Olson 7. Feudner won
BrR money. Second was divided between
Plckett. Evans, M. McDonald and Belloff.
Third was divided between Michelson, Fiaher,
J. McPonald, Schroeder and BlckHrstalT.
Ten-bird coursing match— Pape 0, Getz 2. Bel
loff 4, McDonald 4, Brown 6. Bickerstaff 3,
Fisher 8. Pls.inl 4. J. McDonald G, Lewis 0,
Plckett 6, Michelson 4, Peel 4, Feudner 5,
Schroeder 8. Kerrison 6. Seoond try-out— Mc-
Donald 5. Belloff 4, Brown 7. Fisher «, J. Mc-
Donald 4, Plckett 6. Feudnor 7, Schmeder 8.
Final— M. McDonald 5, Brown 9, Pii-kett 7.
Bchroeder S. Plckett and Brown divided.
Last was the second match for the banner
trophy, series of six, the first having been won,
by the South End*. The score was:
Golden Gate— Palmer 9, Friedlander f», Hoyt
S. Summerfleld 13, Wollam 9, Michelson 10—
Total 58.
South Endß— Mcßa* 16, McDonald 13. Bicker
staff 9 J. McDonald 10, J. Schroeder 10, J. Peel
11— Total 69.
This gives the South Ends both of the
mutches.
Political Meetings.
ALAMEDA. Auk. 7.— On Tuesday evening of
this week tho friends of "W. R. Pavlu will hold
a mass meeting at Llndermann Hall. Good
speakers have been engaged, and it la prom
ised that the meeting will be a rouser.
On Tuesday of n«xt week the friends of Con
gressman Hllborn will meet and set forth the
claims of that gentleman for renomtnation and
re-election. Although there Is some strong
feeling against him in this city, still his friends
declara that they will be able to elect their
delegates at the coming Congressional pri
maries.
Cricket Match.
ALAMEPA, Aug. 7.— There was a good at
tendance at the cricket match this afternoon j
at the West Alameda grounds between the \
Alameda and Pacific teams. The Alameda team \
had Its inning first, and when the day's play !
ended they were eight out for 320. The match j
will be finished next Sunday, but the score Is
so largely in favor of the Alamedas that the
outlook for the Pacifies is not regarded as very !
nattering. If the Alameda Club wins this |
match It gives them the championship cup for j
which the clubs have b*>en playing.
Alert Gun Club.
ALAMET>A, Aug. 7.— The Alert Gun Club
had a shoot at Alameda Point at 23 birds, $1
entrance, which resulted as follows: Thiebaut
19 H. Frank 19. Fingler 17, Maybe 24. Sum
merfleld 23. A. Palmer 22, Kavanaugh 19, Ra
fael 19 Schultz 15, A. Palmer 23. Maybe 23,
Summerfleld 22, Rafael 21. Schultz 19. Kava
naugh 17. Fingler 19, Thiebaut 17, H. Frank 16,
De Pue 21.
YACHTSMEN BAKE
THE JUICY CLAMS
MANY GUESTS ENTERTAINED
BY CORINTHIAN TARS.
Navigators of the Fleet of Pleasure
Craft Hold High Revelry at
Tiburon.'
For the benefit of Its non-yacht-ownlng
• members and its many friends the Cor
i inthian yachtsmen hefa a big clnm-bake
lat their club-house yesterday. The bake
! was under the supervision of G. Crowell,
a native of the State of Maine and super
intendent of the fish yards at California
City. He was assisted by E. S. Carpen
ter. The bake was constructed according
to the most approved Eastern principles.
I Early on Sunday morning a big fire was
| lighted in a hollow in the rocks below
the club-house and was kept up until the
large round stones packed into It were
red-hot. Then sea-weed was laid upon
j the stones and quantities of clams, dug
I from the sandy shores of Marin County,
ppring chickens, green c,orn and sweet
| potatoes were buried in the sea-weed. At
i about 1 o'clock the viands were drawn
out piping hot and were spread upon
tables set out upon the piazza. They were
at once pounced upon by the club's
guests and disappeared at a marvelous
rate. After hunger and thirst had been
assuaged, to the accompaniment of music
by Professor Barton's Native Sons' band,
! ail adjourned to the club-room upstairs,
where they were entertained for an hour
or two by Frank Thompson, Ben Tarbox,
Oscar Franks, Jack O'Brien and others.
Petersen gave excellent imitations of a
Swedish immigrant, an Italian street per
former and a Chinaman recently arrived
In San Francisco from New York. Mau
rice Cramer presided at the piano and
Professor Louis Crepaux of the Paris
opera gave some excellent songs. Lncle
George Bromley treated the boys to one
of his Inimitable speeches, aid the
Brownie banjo trio, consisting' of G.
Emerton, J. Burton and H. Rothermel,
assisted In entertaining the party.
After a merry and jovial time the com
pany formed up in military array, and
headed by the band marched down the
streets of Tiburon to the depot G.
Crowell and his assistant say that It is
absurd to assert that a clam-bake cannot
be given here as well as on the Eastern
coast; they say that a suitable sea- weed
can be found and that the clams are act
ually juicier than the Eastern ones. The
whole affair was voted a great success by
all who shared in 11
Sport in the Handball Court.
The lovers of handball sport assembled
in Phil Ryan's court at 858 Howard street,
yesterday afternoon for their Sunday's
outing. The games were well contested
and the play was kept up during the en
tire day and far Into the twilight of the
evening, gas light having to be used to
decide the closing game, so interested did
the players become over the result -
The following are the scores made:
B. Clements and R. Johnson defeated W.
Hftssell and E. Antron. Score: 21-14. 17-21 21-16.
W Hawaii and B. Clements defeated E. An
tronand M. Ma*uire. Score: 21-13. 18-21 21-19
L Waterman and J. R. Bookman defeated
E. McDonougb and D. J. Bheehan. Score: 21-18,
- 18 lf I *'c 1 " I Talo' and P. McKlnnon defeated If.
Rac'oullet and L. Corralne. Score: ai-W, 16-21.
and T. Foley defeated E. Barry
and T Leach. Score: 21-18, 16-21. 21-15.
X Curley and M. Baech defeated J. Lawless
an d ' J Brown. Score: 21-15. "-21. 21-20. and
P Curry and J Moran defeated P. Foley and
*VV W &%r?S?™j£&2s M. McNeil
I ladndTJ^el9aeS^R,1 a d ndT J^e l9 aeS^R,o V
don arid A. Hampton. Score: 2X-17. 16-21. 21-19.
On Sunday S On Au| C ri, 21 a l7 match gam«
will be p"ayed wltb.a tennla ball between T F.
Bonnet and A. Hampton vs. M. J. KllgaUon
anTR- Llnehan. Game called at 2:80 p. m.
Reaches His Ninetieth Tear.
"Father" Waugh is now in this city in
order to be present at the celebration of
his ninetieth birthday, which Is to take
place on the 28th of this month in How
ard Methodist Church. He was born in
West Virginia, Aug-ust 28, 1808, and claims
a distinct recollection of the departure of
ht« father to the war of 1812.
In 1852 he crossed the plains and set
tled five miles north of Petaluma. where
ueneral Vallejo gave him a tract of 320
acres Father Waugh was the first or
ganizer «n 1859 of the California Truth
Associations out of which have grown
the Bands of Hope.
Very Free With His Gun.
Charles M. Butler, an engineer In the
employ of the Commercial .electric Com
pany, fired seven shots frou. a small re
volver at -his wife's aunt's home. 11l
Broderick street, last night. But
ler's wife and bis four children have been
livintr at I that house for some time, and
In desperation at not being able to see
them he poured the bullets Into the house
in revenge. Butler and his wife and fam
11 v have not been on good terms for
some, weeks. JButler ww arrested. <-.■
THE SA3* FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
WHY NOT A
COMPROMISE?
It Might Hasten the
Water Front Trials.
A BAILIWICK OF FROGS
NEED OF AVOIDING ERRORS OF
PAST CAMPAIGNS.
The Nomination for Assessor Is Now
the Chief Question in County
Political Mat
ters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 7.
Now that the water front suit Is once
more In the courts the question is again
being asked — will it ever be free from liti
gation? For thirty years the people of
Oakland have been cursed with the great
est blessing a city can haye — a splendid
water front. Since Horace Carpontier
made his deal with the Town Trustees
in 1852 the water front has stood in the
way of Oakland's progress. It has been
in the Legislature and the courts. It has
cost a fortune in law suits, and to-day
it is of no more benefit to the city than
it was when Mexicans camped near the
estuary before the American occupation.
Probably nowhere else In the world does
such a condition exist. Cities containing
100,000 people have grown up along the
water front and yet it is but the abode
of frogs and a menace to health. Once
more the case Is on trial and to laymen
there appears to be as much, or more, to
argue, obiect to, and adjudicate, as there
ever was. It was thought that the deci
sion of the Supreme Court rendered a
year ago, would have the effect of ex
pediting the final decision, but it now ap
poars that there is enough disputed
ground to last as a basis for appeals
and new trials for years. And tn the
meantime. Oakland suffers and bemoans
her lack of progress.
Within the past week, during 1 a conver
sation with men interested in this city's
development, the project of a commission
was broached to settle the matter and
the proposition certainly has merit. It
was proposed that the Water Front Com
pany, representatives of the city govern
ment, merchants and others should take
the Supreme Court decision for a basis
and arrange a distribution of the property
that could be legally recognized. It is
not unreasonable to suppose that all
parties interested would be willing to
make concessions so that title could be
secure. The main points have been deter
mined by the highest court in the State
and only comparatively minor matters
have to be arranged, but If each of these
details are to be made the basis of a
year of litigation another generation will
be bereft of tho progress that can only
come with an adequate harbor.
It is very certain that whoever repre
sents this district in Congress for the
next term will have to satisfy the people
of Alameda of his determination to do
something 1 with the. tidal canal. The En
clnal City is far from satisfied with the
present conditions of affairs and they are
pretty well convinced that there is not
much use in petitions and addresses to the
War Department. There must be a 11
lpmry at Washington containing matter
on the tidal canal, but it is of no more
value than so much waste paper, when
results are considered, Alameda may per
haps be vain enough to wish for a post
office building, but she certainly wishes
more for relief at the east end of the
city.
Before another week passes the State
primaries will have been held and Ala
meda County will turn her attention to
congressional and county matters. Every
body concedes that this is to be a Repub
lican year and the rush of candidates for
county offices is proportionately great.
This year a plain duty faces the Repub
lican party in this county. The county
government is at present largely in the
hands of Populists and if Alameda would
remain the banner county of the party
men must be placed before the voters In
whom there is perfect confidence. The
theory that one foul rivulet can pollute
a mighty river is as true of politics as
of anything else, and unless the good of
the party be considered of more value
than personality a repetition of former
disasters will certainly be experienced.
There are now before the party the
names of those who are anxious for the
nominations and it cannot be doubted
that the field offers a good choice for
every office. For some offices so much
excellent material Is offered that a selec
tion would be difficult. Hardly a name
has as yet appeared that does not pre
sent some claim, but it is not on personal
claims that Republican officials are going
to be elected in this county. The only
claim that will be recognized this fall
will be party merit, and If one or two
bosses are permitted to control matters
and to manipulate some "yellow dog"
deals in their own interests, Alameda will
again be disrupted. Nor must it be taken
for granted that the territory around the
bay can gobble up all the nominations
and ignore the interior of the county. It
is Jn the Interior where the Democratic
party claims its Btronghold. Everybody
has heard of the boasted majority that
the Democracy is always going to bring
over the San Leandro bridge.and in too
many Instances the boast has been ful
filled Only bad management can elect
officials of 'all political lines In a strong
Republican county, and no Republican
wants to see a repetition of the county's
blunders of 1894.__
It Is very evident that one of the most
interesting contests In the county fight
win be that of County Assessor. Henry
Dalton has announced that he will make
a campaign to succeed himself. Robert
Leckie has stated that he will seek the
Republican nomination and there are
Borne whisperings that R. W. Snow may
be put in the fight. Mr. Dalton has not
vet announced whether he will run Inde
pendently, as he did four years ago, or
whether he will seek the Republican nom
ination. He has emphatically denied that
he will be a candidate for any other office
than County Assessor, but he will go no
further Leckie was Dalton's predecessor
and his' friends think that Dalton should
assert himself, so that others may lay
their lines, but this is evidently just what
the Assessor is anxious to avoid. It is
not likely that City Auditor Snow will
be drawn into the fight, as he is already
talke'i of as the Republican candidate
for Mayor next spring. He could nave
had the nomination at the east city con
vention' but he preferred to succeed him
self Snow is the most successful politi
cian in municipal politics that Oakland
has known for years. He does his poll
tics at his fireside and Is rarely heard
of between conventions, but each time he
has come up he is utronger than before.
Should Snow be Induced to take the Re
publican nomination and Dalton run in-
Sependent it would^hard to P^the
THE EARTH TREMBLED.
A Blight Shock of Earthquake Was
Felt Shortly Before Noon Yes
terday.
A Blight earthquake shock was felt In
the city yesterday about three minutes
before noon. The . shock was of a very
short duration and was hardly noticeable.
In the Western Addition it made win
dows rattle and doors creak, but so far
no " damage or ; loss has been heard -■ of.
The seismograph at the university obser
vatory at Berkeley Indicated a very slight,
shock, the force traveling in the direction
of direct north and south. The eartU
auaio waa afllj telt la .paklaAa^ •"-'?■?<';,
SOLDIERS FILL
THE HOSPITALS
Accommodations for 111
Ones Overtaxed.
MANY REFUSED ADMITTANCE
TROOP A BEADY TO MARCH
TO THE YOSEMITE.
Draft and Pack Mules Being
Bought for the Army — Ser
vices in the
Camp.
There Is a lull in local military affairs
which will probably continue the remain
der of the week. The next event of any
Importance will be the sailing of another
expedition to the Philippines some time
next week, unless peace with Spain
renders It unnecessary to send any moro
troops to General Merritt.
Sickness among the troops In San Fran
cisco seems to be on the increase. Nearly
all the hospitals are filled with patients,
and the division field hospital at the Pre
sidio is unable to accommodate any more
men.
There were no deaths at the division
hospital yesterday. A number of the sol
diers, however, are critically ill. The ad
missions to the hospital yesterday were
so many that its capacity was overrun,
and the surgeon in command had to or
dur that no more men be brought in, as
there were no accommodations for them.
At the post hospital Private Joseph 11.
Reed, Company E. First New York Regi
ment, Is critically ill with pneumonia.
This hospital is also filled to its utmost
capacity. The men, owing to the careful
nursing of Stewards G. Knapp and Ijowis
FreideT, the sergeants in charge urtd.<r
Major Moseley. have done wonderfully
well, and the mortality at the post ho.s
pltal has been very small.
WILL MARCH WEDNESDAY
Troop A, Utah Cavalry, Ready
to Start for Yosemite
Park.
Troop A, Utah Cavalry, Captain Joseph
K. Came commanding, will leave the Prti-
Pidio this week and move on the Yosemite
Valley Park. The troop was to have left
last week, but tho necessary mules were
not to be had. A board appointed by Gen
eral Merriam has gone to Chlco to pur
chase the animals, but Captain Came will
not wait for them. Having been sup
plied with ten pack and sixteen draught
mules by the quartermaster, he will leave
on Wednesday morniri" for the Yosemite
with nearly two-thirds of the troop. Sec
ond lieutenant Kimball will rematn at
the Presidio with a detachment of men
and await the arrival of the mules, when
he will immediately leave to join Cant"-"*
Came. At the same time First Lieuten
ant Smith will go with his detachment
to Sequoia Park.
Services in Camp.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Tract, Aug.
T.— This has been an unusually quiet Sab
bath with the Eighth Regiment, and aside
from an interesting order of regimental
service nothing marked the day, although
there were many visitors during the aft
ernoon. The services this morning opened
with "Gloria," from Mozart's Twelfth
Mass, by the regimental band, followei
by "My Country, 'Tls of Ttoae, sunn by
the regiment, aecomnanied by tlie band.
After scriptural reading Mrs. M. M. Dew-
Ing of the First M. E. Church choir sung
a soprano solo. Chaplain Oliver C. Mil
ler's subject for a sermon was. "Nations
as the Instrument of Divine Provi
dence." At the conclusion of the services
the regiment sang "The Battle Hymn of
the Republic," accompanied by the band.
This evening the large tent of the Chris
tian Commission was again filled with lls
tenera to Chaplain Miller, and there was
music rendered at which the violinists
were Paul Noble and Milton Ish. Miss
Maud Noble gave a trombone solo.
FOR HUMANITY'S SAKE
Rev. W. E. Copeland's Address on a
War Subject.
Rev. W. K. Copoland addressed a large
audience last night before the Theosoph
ical Society on "The Effects of the War
With Spain on Universal Brotherhood or
ex-Bello Peace." He said: "Little by
little the tyranny of Spain has been wiped
out as her possessions have been wrested
from her. With the few islands that re
mained the possibilities of evil were nar
rowed down, but unfortunately her tyr
anny has been concentrated in them. It
was In the interest of brotherhood that
it was at last determined that Cuba
should be set free. This war is a war in
the interest of brotherhood and the glory
of enfranchising a people who have been
subject to the persecution of Spain for
centuries has fallen to the United States.
All people wanted the Cubans to be free,
and the work which this country has set
about doing has been accomplished."
. Preparations for Assumption Day.
The retreat, commenced last evening at
St. Ignatius Church under the auspices of
Father Moeller, was attended by fully
3000 people. Many took the vow and the
various conditions implied in the retreat
and will conform religiously to them dur
ing the coming week that they may be
better capable of celebrating the Feast of
the Assumption which will be held cm Au
gust 15.
Father Moeller. In an eloquent address,
outlined the meaning of the Assumption
and the necessity of those desirous of
properly commemorating the event, of
making some atonement for the past by
cleansing their souls that they might of
fer up their prayers with purity and
efficacy at the conclusion of the retreat.
Exercises will be conducted every even
ins during the retreat, commencing at
7:45 o'clock. ;cii
Fly-Casters to Meet.
Thee members of the San Francisco
Fly Casting; Association will meet in the
Mills building next Tuesday night when
the winning names of the Saturday and
Sunday fly castlnsr contests will be an
nounced, and the date for tnelr final con
test for seven medals will also be given.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, August 7, 6 p. m.
Th» following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 80; San Francisco. «<; Independence,
88; Tuma, 104; Red Bluff, 92; Fresno, 84; Los
Angeles, 7R: Sacramento, 84; San Luis Oblspo,
76: San Diego, 70.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 64; mean. 88.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure lies off the North
ern California coast. A second high area Is
central In Montana and the Dakotas. Between
these extends a trnugh-like depression from
Washington southward through California to
Southwest Arliona. Partly cloudy weather still
prevails along th« coast and In portions of
Utah and Nevada. Elsewhere the sky Is clear.
The temperature is slowly rising In the Inter
ior, although still below the normal in Cali
fornia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 8, 1898:
Northern California— Generally fair Monday,
except foggy along the coast In the Morning;
freeh northwest wind along the coast.
Southern California— Fair Monday, except
lofty on th« coast In the morning; fresh west
Nevada— Generally fair Monday.
Vtah— Generally fsir Monday.
Arizona— lncreasing cloudiness Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair
Monday, except partly cloudy In the morning;
brisk west wind.
Mount Tamalpals— Clear; wind west, 5 miles;
temperature, ♦*; maximum, 6«.
W. H. HAMMON. Forecast Official.
NOTTOB TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
OtAopi locate* in .ttw Mercta^ Exchange* js (
ADVERTISEMENTS. -? ~T -^
Are You Run Down, Exhausted ?
TRY
i^S*»Ky* lg iif^^ff^^3"^B^s^S^^Wyp^^^^B^Bß^^^S»Bs^^BPßß^Sßß^S3Kß^3s^S"^^fl^3
PM^Bm ffy jess -KB 'a Bb^mhßb BY **• bh hBl Bb •* Va S0 B^K
the Eminent Tragedian. ' MARIANI WINE
imm ea^ Strong.
wllalls^*iN f^*W r'Wmln. Mariani Wine gives power to the
n \Ww}*Wsl ymsi!lMmM\y m $i!lMmM\ 1 brain, strength and elasticity to the
' Hi® !^^P<^ '^^^P^Plll muscles and richness to the blood. It
Ijwlll MHi' S^^M^^Pfm soothes, strengthens and sustains the
!<sS3rJSrik . ]Rpi^^^^P|ff|jfj system and braces body and brain. For
/ ll^^^^^Kv overworked men, delicate women, sickly
ir-YJiPniMMßfl^Rir children it works wonders.
or "lurci! ix Tnr or p%5 thf oriQcrs*
I can certainly add my testimony to To those, win kindly write to marxani
thA i 1M of V\n Maxlani which I * °°- M West Fifteenth street. New York
the virtues or Yin Mariani. wnicn I CUy win >WJt trf)% book eontainins por-
have found excellent, and am well traits with Indorsements of Emperor*, . Em-
convinced of Its Quality _ *S££ ££25h<£fi£* Archbishops and
HENRY IRVINO. All Druggrlsts. Avoid Substitution*.
Parts — Boulevard Haussmann: London— Mortimer street; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital street.
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
abnut ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. In charg».
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Mo
We
I
Moon** Ph\«M.
I
Mod*,
rust
H
ii
1«
38
jo-LMt yuarior.
fix Wow Moon.
\i-l An*u«t IT.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
Unitfd States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hlnh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTK— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, AUGUST 8.
rises ......5:1»
sets 7:U
n rises 10:30 p. m.
r
si-
r
c.
I
L. Vf
3.7 9:26
3.4 10:10
H W
0.9| 7:48
0.6! 9:12
0.3! 10:04
0.1 10:40
o.o] 11:07
11:
[ 12::
1:
2\
I 3:
4
4 :
11::
S:
1.2
6.0
0.0
5.0
6.0
6.0
2:!
3:
I 3: '
*.•
4.
8::
J.
3.:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early niornins tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column pives th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur?. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number (riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Grace Dollar...
Ban Juan
Arcata
Burma
Ruth
Pomona
Fulton
Columbia I
Walla Wa11a....
Slßna! I
City of Panama!
Orizaba 1
Homer I
Crescent C1ty...l
Curacao
Wellington
Panta Rosa
PtateCallfornla
T'matilla
City of Sydney.!
St. Michael '..
Panama I
Coos Bay
Nil rial mo ...'.'.:. 1
Humboldt ................
San Diego '
Oregon Ports
Portland .....|
Victoria & Puget Sound
Gray's Harbor
La Libertad
Humboldt
Newport
Crescent City
Mexico
Departure Bay ..........
San Diego
Portland .....
Victoria & Puget Sound
Manila :.. I
Aug.
Aug.
Aug.
Au«.
MM
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
State of Cal Portland
San Bias... Panama
Coos Bay... Newport
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.
Chllkat Humboldt....
Arrata iCoos Bay
Mariposa ..[Sydney
Pomona |San Diego
Fulton lOregon Ports.
Orizaba ....[Humboldt —
Bamoa Seattle
Columbia ..[Portland
Homer INewport I
Doric IChlna&Japan!
Walla Wall! Vic A Pgt Sd.
Portland
Panama
Newport
vtc & Pgt Sd.
Humboldt
iCoos Bay
(Sydney
|San Diego
Aug. I. 10 am Pier 1J
Aug. 8, 12 m PMSB
Aug. 9. 9 am Pier 11
Aug. >. 10 amjPler 9
Aug. ». 9am Pier 13
Aug. >, 4 pmPler 13
Au(. 10. 2 pm Pier 7
Aug. 11. 11 am|Pler 11
Aug. 11, » pmlPler 20
Aug. 12. 10 amiPler 9
Aug. 12, 5 pm 'Pier 2
Aug. 15, 10 am, Pier 18
Aug. 18, 9 amjPler U
Aug. 19. 1 pm'PMSS
!Aug. 14. 10 ajnjPler 9
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
; ARRIVED.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, 84 hours from De
''< "^Ja^stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, M hours from
Stmr CoquiUe River, Johnson, 17 hours from
Kort Bragg.
Btmr George Loomls, Brldgett, 84 hours from
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 85 hours from New-
P°Btmr Tillamook, Doran, IB days from St.
Michael, via Duth Harbor, 10 days. ';.#%
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 34 hours from Moss
Landing. -- -.« . ■
Stmr Cbllkat, Anderson, 1 » hours -. from
E Stm'r a 'Westport, Peterson.; If hours from Bear
Samoa, Jahnsen. 24 hours from Eureka.
SAILED.
; Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, for Ban Diego.
Bktn Quickstep. Hansen, for Port Townsand.
Schr Five Brothers, - Jensen," ■ for ».
• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT • LOBOB. Aug. 7, 10 p. m.—Weather
cloudy; wind west, velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH—Passed Aug B—Stmr Willamette,
hence Aug 3, for Seattle. _ «,;.
SEATTLE— Aug Stmr Alliance.
"SEATTLE— Arrived Aug Stmr Willamette.
"salted^ug 7—Ship Lucille, for Ban Francisco;
stmr Sunol. for St. Michael. .
' SEATTLE— Aug 7—Stmr Santa Cruz,
from Alaska. . -, ' _
SAN DIEGO— Aug 7—Stmr Sequoia,
from Fort Bragg; schr Bertha Dolbeer. from
Eureka; Br ship Lady Isabella, from New
castle N S W.
EUREKA—Arrived Aug 7—«chr Occidental,
hence July 29; soar Charles E. Falk, hence July
80; stmr Orisaba, hence Aug «.: -_ •■■•■
Balled Aug 6—Schr John A., for San Fran-
SAN PEDRO—Sailed' Aug .7—Schr. Alice, for
Eureka. ' ■•' ■.•■■-'"" ' ' .-
. DUTCH HARBOR— port July 28—Ship Em
pire, from Newcastle, N 8 W; schr William
Morrill, from Seattle.,
Sailed July 28—8tmr Bertha, for St. Michael,
with sternwheel steamer In tow; ; stmr Bruns
wick, with 'sternwheel steamer hi tow. 1- ■ i/.'w
PORT BLAKELEY—SaiIed August 7—Bohr C.
S. Holmes, for Honolulu; schr A sales, for Saa
'Diego; ■■<■•■-•■ - ■■■ . '- ', ■ •'■ •'■-.--■-•< -ii:\
t 4 AVfm* Jr-Stm* -jrulton.
hence July 30; Gr bark Wlndshrant, from Yo
kohama.
Sailed— August 7— Br stmr Mogtil, for Yoko
' TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE-Arrlved August 7— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived August 7— Stmr.
Auranla, from New York for Liverpool and
proceeded. Balled— Stmr. Campania, from Liv
erpool for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived August 7— Stmr.
Waesland. from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived August 7— Stmr La.
Bretagne, from Havre; Rotterdam, from Rot
terdam.
y^|k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
#-k^s|[ 025 KEABXT ST. Established
■^PlB In 183^ for the treatment of Private
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
O2.">HEABST»T. Efltabltsbed
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Disease*. Lost Man hood. Debility or
fyB3*o«Sa disease wearing on body and mlndand
CHR9QI^U Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureawhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
CSBfIUnHS (nr«i narantrrd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. Jt\ IRBO Si, Box 1957, San Francisco.
~ QQEAM TRAVXL*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i^ Steamers leave Broadway
«»K|^. wharf, San Francisco:
VdjUßfc>. For Alas) ports. 10 a. m.,
M^SSnaV August 4, 9. 14, 19. 24, 29, Sept
mllltn transfer at Seattle.
EyiQgi ¥&1 For Alaskan ports (from
Hffi3J2^<Eß|l Spear-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
< "^H9H August 3. 23, transfer at Port-
land. Or.
For Vlctr- Vancotiver, (B.
C > Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett,
' Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash). 10 a.
■ m.. August 4, 9. 14. 19, 54, 29, Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, crnneeting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma wit*. N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Aug.
1 8, 12. 18, 24, 80, Sept 5 and every sixth day
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Harford, fSan Luis Oblspo),
• Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huenemo,
» San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los AngeleeV and
L Newport. 9 a. nv, Aug. 1, 5. 9, IS, 17. 21, 25. 29,
■ Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo) Santa Barbara, Port
■ Los -Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Aug. 3. 7. 11. 18. 19. 23, 27, 81, Sept. 4. and
: every fourth day thereafter. - - _ .... ..-.
« For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
• Cabo, Maiatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of
) every month.
I For further Information obtain folder.
> The company reserves the right to change
) without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
) • n<l hmir« of »ni!lnr. '.
■ j TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
t street (Palace Hotel). ;
: I GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
i • - 10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
lAni. $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: .
Columbia ............Aug. 3, 18, 28, Sept. 2
State of California. July 30 .Aug. 8, 18, 2s, Sept. 7
St. Paul ...Jl« 00 St. Louis J32 00
Kansas- City 28 00 Chicago 27 60
Omaha 26 00 New York SI 00
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PKRKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique.
French' Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North _»^»^^
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers
by this line avoid both transit by«J"alljftafr
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the. channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, |14O;
second class. $116. '-[ --.-,• • •■
LA BRETAGNE Aug. 18. 10 a. m
LA NORMANDIB Aug. 20, 10 a. m'
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27, 10 a. m
LA TOURAINE ..Sept S. 10 a. m
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10, 10 a. m
• For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 6 Montgomery
»ye., San Francisco.
PHVMUfII Tha E. S-MARrPOSA
&BniL*a.!li< via Honolulu and
[ w C*""" w Auckland for Sydney
|j"^— -^ .Wednesday. August Ml
SJIynKIIUW Line" /to COOLGAB.
G^taiJIJIW IK> " Australia, and
' <ofllß3ltiJ* CAPl: town. Soutu
Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
' ■ ' - - 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— B37 Market st., 'San Francisco.
FDBO. S. HA YY- YARD AND YALLEJO.
Werner "Meatlcella."
Mon.. Tries.. Wed.. Thurs. and Bat
1:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays 1 p. nv and 8:80 p. m.
Bundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 8.
■ ■>---■-■■■.■ Telephone TtM 2241.
BAILSOAD TBAVSI*.
Santa Fe Route
tub Bmmr kail* ay
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
t very Pay Pullman Palace Bteepf»£ Car*
And Pullman Tourirt Sleeping Car*
Run on the Following Time i
Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m.. 8. M.T. .F.a.
Arrive Denver.... ....1:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.B.M.T.
arrive Kansas Clty..t.-O9 a. m.. T.F.6.6.M.T.W.
Arrive at. Louis..... «:18p. to., t-F.S.B.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago.. ....■♦^9 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
J HARVEY'B DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason-
:l ' ■ • "' '. : '- ' "-" ; able ■ Kates. ; ■ :: * : ■ ■'. . .
yOU WrLLJIE CO^FORTABLB
X You Travel on the Santa Pc»
:»l FBAICISCfI TICKET OFFICE— tiI MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIM ISO.
©*l!»nd Offloe— lllB Broadway.
. S&erameflto Offlet— 2ol J BlNti
Bu Jom Ofiet—7 Wwi Santa OUr» BW
lorn 7HALFAB SCEIFC lAB.WAT.
(Via Sausailtu Ferry.)
Leave Baa ; Fraaoisco, ■ , commenol&c Mar i.
Week Days— l:M a. m. i:tt and 8:15 p. m.
' eunday»-B:ea, I*9. 10:4*. 11:80 a. m.. i:« awl
Hound trip from Mil! Taller,' ft
BtrMtst Bfttt aVXaUCUaOaaa . "
'W.^m^ K^Ti Ia» - »^ I "*>F^™^"J . " ,".*■" " ' . i
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT FURNITURE
THIS DAY (MONDAY), AT 11 A. M.
«79 GEARY ST.. NEAR LEAVEN WORTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market St.
BAZLBOAD TSAVEIa.
__; . - -^.x
<tOITIIt:U\ PUIFH COHPAMT;
: (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave nnil art> Uu« to nrrlv* ••
HAN riCANt!IM«'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
t-SAVB — Fbom July 10, 1868. — abkitb
•0:OOa Kilea. San Jose and Way Stations. . . *Bi43a
TtOO a Benida, Snisno and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7t««A MarysTtlle. OroTiUe and Eeddinc via
Woodland ....:.. i*i? p
7i4oa Ehnlra, Vaearflleand Rumsey 8:4»P
7iB«a Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo. Nap*,
Oalistoea and Santa Rosa.... 6il»p
8:O9a Atlantic Kzpreas. Ogileu and Kast.. Bi43p
»i»«#a San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento. MnrysTille,
Cbioo, Tehama and Red 81uff .... 4 « 1 » p
■>*• a Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown. ... 7> 1 5 r
•8:8Oa Milton • nil 8»
OiOOa New Orleans ICxvress. Merced, Fres-
no, Bakersfleld. Santa Barbara, - > s
Lot Annolci, Seining, El Faao,
New Orleans and East. 6i4-1f
1O:*Oa VaUeio, Martinez and Way Stations 7:43 i
•l:»«r Sacramento Hirer Steamers.. *»:OOt
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J9:l3a
»«••» LiTermore. Mendoto. Hanford and
Visalia 4il3j
LlTermoro, Ban Jose, Niles and Way
Stations tl«il»*
4i«*r Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstof a, Xl Vetano and .<•-__-
Santa Rosa »tlB4
«iOOr Benioia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MaryßTiUe. Oro.
Tille and .Sacramento 1«:43a
«:S»f NUes. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7: 1 3 p ■
4it»r Stookton andLodi. l»:13l
4<3Ur Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Moj&re, Santa Barbara and l.os
Auceles 7i4»a
4iSop Martinei, Meroed (Raymond for ,__„
Yosemit«>and Fresno I»ilsp
4i3«p Sauta F<; Route. Atlautio Express
forMo)a»e and Kast «i 45»
BiO©r F.iironeau Mail, Ogden and East.... » *»
•6ioop Vallejo 12:1."**
OiOOr Iluy wiinlß. Nile* and San Jose 7:45 a
t7tOOr Vallejo. Port OosU and Way Sta-
tions J»:43p
• tOOr Oregon Kxpreiw. Sacramento, Marys-
Tllle. J(e<Mins, Portland. I'uget
_ Humiiil and K»nt >' la A
SAN LEA.NDUO AM) HAVWAURS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) -
1 Belrosr. Seminary I'nrk, ( 7:1»\
«:O»a Kltchlinrfr. Klnihimt. '!*'*'*
xl'ook S«« l'*»n«lro South Sam \°:\%l
«l-:oSt Leandro.^tndlllo, JJ^J*
iimioom ' Lorenzo, therrj ■ ti:4sp
,S:UOp and J2:45p
8t««p Haynards. (3:43p
7toor i Runs through to Nile*. - 7:43r
J t From Nll«s. I
COAST IH VISION (Narrow Gauge). "
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7t4SA Santa Cruz Kxcunion, Santa Crus
and Principal Way Stations t»:03»
■:10a Newark. Center* ille, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Ornz and Way
Stations oi3op
*Bil3jr Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOi3»A
4:18? San Jose, Glenwood * Way Stations 9:30 a.
«4il 8p Boulder Creek and Santa Cru» jt»:2<>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSll mSQISCO— F*ot of Mtrkit Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ll:00i.M. tl:03 •3:00 13:09
•«:03 t5;00 •B:oor.ii.
rr.mOm»lD-rMtorßro»dwtT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
U2:00 »1:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:QO «B:Qop.ii.
r"""~r """~ COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•7jOoa Han Joae and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:3Op
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Crux, Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Stations tS:B3»
O:OOa Han .fote. Trea Finos, Hauta Cruz,
Paelflc firo»e Paso Robles, San .
Lais Ohispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4ilOp
10s4*a Ban Jose and Way Stations «8:OOa
11:3Oa Han Jose and Way Stations *Ss33a
*9i4Bp Ban Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
. Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Ollroy, Hollister, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacißo
Grore MOiSOI
*Bi!top Ban Jose and Way Stations •9:«oa.
•4rlBr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9: I.la,
*3:00p San Joae and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
Oi.lOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3i3op
6:30 p San Jose and Way Stations 7:3 Up
tlli4sr San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excented. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
1 Bondays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
» RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11: SO p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— €:IO. 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
8:40, i 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
S:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29, t
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. | ■ days. Destination. days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am)
B:3opm 9:3o am Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 ana
6:10 pm 6:00 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10: Earn
t Healdsburg. .
Lytton,
Geyserville,
B:3o pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22 prrj
7:Soam| I Hopland and I ' |10:25 am
S:3opm| 8:00 am| Uklah. | 7:Sspm| 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am QuercevHl*. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm . 6:22 pig
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma [10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:oo pm| Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:3o ami 8:00 am SebastopoU 110:40 am|lo:2s am
l:3opm| 6:oopm| I 7:3s pmi 6:22 pin
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for Skagps Springs; at Cloverdale fur
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side,- Lierley's. Bvjcknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, |
Hullvllle. Boonevifle. Orr's Hot Springs, Mea-
docino City, Fort Bragg, West port. Usal .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st. Chronicle bid*.
A. W, FOSTER, B. X. RYAN. .
• Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. .
■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausollto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00. »9:30, 11:00 a. m.|
•1:45, 3:30. 4:00, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
P< BUND AYS— •8:00, •9:00. •10:00, : 11:00, 11:3*
a. m.: 1:00, •1:45. •2:30, NiOO. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11-00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6:30 p.m. does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25, »6:35. 7:65, 8:25. »9:ii
a. m • «1J:2O. *:18, *3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m. :
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00, *8:00, *9:45, 10:45. 11:41
a. m : 1.00. 2:20. »3:30. »5:15. »6:00. 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
PROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:46. 6:45. 7:55, 8:43, 10: l«
a. m. ; 12:40, 2:25, 3:55, 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:05, 1:20,
2:40. 3:55, 6:30, 6:30 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
6:16 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)— To-
males and way stations.
8:00 a. m- Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY, m
From Jtne 1, 1898, trains will run as follows;
South-bound. - North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, Mixed, | Passen-
ger, • Sunday ■ ' Bta- Sunday I ger. :
Daily. Exc'pted tlons. - Exc'pted I Dally. .
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:40 pm
1:10 am 11:60 p m Merced 12:60 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:60 pm .Fresno- 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 a m 8 :46 p m Hanford 7:45 am 125 in
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfid 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:60 p m Visalia I 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. ■
Connections — Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation:, and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at f
n.-m. dally: at Merced with stages to and from
Bnellingrs, . Coulterville, Yosemlte, . etc.; also .
With stag** from •■ Homitos, Mariposa, etc.; at
L^ktrabUa jYltb staga (9 aaa from Madorm.
78
TALLY HO DAY
AT BURLINGAME
THE members of the Burlingame and
Country Club gave their annual
"Coach Parade" yesterday through
the principal streets of Burlingame
and Par. Mateo. The parade was a great
success and the guests of the club had a
most enjoyable time, as the weather was
perfect and the country roads not too
The meeting place was held at the Kur
llngame railroad depot, and shortly after
11 o'clock the word to move forward was
given, and with horns tooting and chains
Jingling the parade started towards San
Mateo. After driving through San Mateo
the return journey was made to the Bur
CONNEMARA
THE WINNER
J. Dean's Greyhound De
feats False Flatterer.
THREE HEATS WERE REQUIRED
LARGE ATTENDANCE AT THE
COURSING MEETING.
California-Bred Dogs Beat the Pick
of the World — High-Class
Sport With the Leash
' men.
California bred greyhounds proved their
right to rank with the best representa
tives of any kennels in the world by their
performances at Ingleside Coursing Park
yesterday. In the presence of the great
est concourse of spectators ever jm'
within the park J. Dean's black dog
Connemara defeated 10. V. Sullivan's
grandly bred False Flatterer, while Rosie
R lowered the colors of Hadlwlst, a much j
fancied Enstern dog. in the champion ]
stake. \
Old leashmen who have grown gray in
pursuit of their favorite pastime, pro- j
nouneed the day's sport the finest ever ';
presented here, in what is now conceded
to be the home of coursing. The condi- !
tions were all favorable. There was neith
er fog nor wind, while the sky was suffl- I
WITH THE LEASHMEN AT INGLESIDE.
Sensational Coursing Marks the Meeting of Connemara and halse
Flatterer in Their Match Race.
of the pun. The hares were a grand lot.
as evidenced by the number that escaped
from the dogs during the day.
The crowd, which was estimated at
" over 6000, simply overflowed all the avail
able points of view. The stands were
packed, while the betting ring was a
seething mass of humanity, through
whlch.it was impossible to force a pas
sage. The commissioners could not han
dle all the money offered, so eager were
the bettors to place their wagers.
The chief attraction was the match race
between Connemara and False Flatterer.
They met once before, Connenaflxa win
ning. Since that time the Kngiish dog
has rounded into form and it was difficult
to pick the ultimate winner. It remained
for the actual contest to demonstrate
' how closely matched they were. It was
to be best two out of three coursi
the entire series was required to deter
mine the winner. Connemara won the
first- False Flatterer the second and
Connemara the third and decisive one.
Connemara ruled favorite throughout at
odds of 10 to X They were slipped to a
•Kood hare, Connemara at one showing
the most speed, reaching the game two
lengths in front of his opponent and
'serving himself for the next two points.
He then ran wide, placing False Flat
terer for one. This was followed by some
r.eat work in exchanging by both dogs.
Connemara finally taking possession and
killing after one of the grandest courses
ever seen in California.
• The odds were but little changed when
they met for the second time. This course
proved a much snorter one. After the
fun up Connemara being lapped on False
• -Flatterer the latter secured the turn
Bnd serving himself for the next placed
Connemara. who rushed out and killed.
Th" score on points was 3 to 2 in favor
of False Flatterer. ,
This meant that a third course wouid
be required to settle the matter of su
• premacv A strong hare was released.
Connemara went to the front as soon as
the pair were unleashed and took the
lingame club house, where a luncheon
was served. After luncheon the merry
party was entertained by Mrs. George
I'opt at her summer' residence at Burlin
rarnc. most of the party returning to San
Francisco on the afternoon train. There
were six four-in-hands in line, driven by
George Newhall. George Pope, Walter S.
Hobart, P. Carolan, Mountford S. Wilson
and J< septa Grant's coachman In the ab
sence of Mr. Grant.
The guests of George Newhall, and who
occupied s««us on his coach, were Miss
Mary Crocker. Miss Mary Scott, Miss
Cadwalader, Miss Champion and Messrs.
Prescoti Scott, George Cadwalader and
Hi rt < 'adwalader.
George Pope's party consisted of Miss
Pope, Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Buckbee and
William Taylor.
Joe Grants coach was occupied by Mr.
and Mrs. Henry T. Scott. Mrs. Krutt
schnitt, Mr. and Mrs. James Robinson.
\V. S. Hobart entertained Mr. and Mrs.
C. A. Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. Nuttall and
Lieutenant Lopes, U. S. A.
The dub coach was driven by Mount
ford S. Wilson. He was accompanied by
Mrs. Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Joe Crockett,
Miss Crockett, Miss Mcßean and Harry
■
Frank C. Carolan handled the ribbons
on his coach and was accompanied by
Major Hathbone and H. Ford, president
and secretary of the club, respectively.
ciently overcast to soften the sharp rays
first turn by a length an( j a half. He
served himself for the next two turns.
'.x False Flatterer for two points.
• mara came up again and some bril
liant exchanges ensued. It was give and
take between the two great dogs until
they we irked the hare up to the escape.
where it gained Its liberty. There was
prolonged cheering as the flag went up
signaling Connemara as the winner.
The champion stake wont to Rosle R.
In the fourth ties she met Lnwe and
Thompson's big dog Prince Hal, and
would have hot-n retired but for an acci
dent. The latter dog was beating his
small opponent handily when he slipped
and fell haavily, rolling over three times
re he could stop himself. Although
daaed by the fall, he went after his game,
but too late to offset the lead gained by
Rosle H. The final was run in the dusk,
Rosie X winning cleverly from the East
ern dog Hadiwist.
The stake proved well named "cham
pion." Some of the best dogs on the
• were contending, and the draw
placed them so that good matches re
suited throughout.
The puppy stake fell to Billy Gladstone
with Mac's Melody.
The officers of the Interstate Coursing
CluE, under whose auspices the meeting
was held, were unremitting In their work
for the comfort of those present. Presi
dent Domjnick Shannon was on the move
continually. Not a question was raised
throughout the day on the judging by
John Grace and the clever Flipping of
James Grace. Their work was supple
mented by that of Slip Steward William
Hatpin and Field Steward T. MeHugh.
whose cheery voice kept the men up to
the work. The results In detail follow:
Match race— J. Dean's Connemara beat E. V.
Sullivan's False Flatterer two out of three
Puppy stake— First ties— J. Shea's Youns
America beat B. V. Sullivan's Maid of Erin;
E V. Sullivan's Golden Russet beat J. I.
O*Brl«n'a Statesman; Hartels Bros.' Macs
beat J. Kazan's. Mayflower; J. Shea'H
eat Larfcey & Rock's Liberty Bell;
.1. Eagan'a Billy Gladstone beat P. Reilly's
Master Mat
• i ties— Young: America beat Golden Rus-
Melody beat Rathbone; Billy Qlad
stone a bye.
Thlr.l ties— Billy Gladstone beat Young Amcr-
Ica Mac's Melody a bye.
Final— Billy Gladstone beat Mac's Melody.
Champion stake— J. Dean's Gladiator beat
Rupsel! & Wilson's Victor Chief; T. J. Mclner
ney's Rosie R beat D. Shannons Soubrette; J.
Sheehan'n Lass o" Gowrle beat T. J. Melner
ney's Su:iollte: T. X. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott
beat Lo*.ve & Thompson's High Born Lady; T.
J Cronln'a Thornhlll beat Russell & Wilson's
Glen Rosa; H. R. Baldwin's Jester beat Dillon
& Reillv's Lady Jane; Lowe & Thompson s
Prince Hal beat Handy & Smith's Victor; D.
Shannon's Swinnerton bent Peckelman & Pa
nario's Old Glory; K. V. Sullivan's Skyball beat
J Dean's Moondyne: W. H. O'Neir* Pnml/e
M- heat V. Black's Occidental: Alfred H<u«h s
Hadlwlst beat Handy & Smith's Ida; Kay ■ &
Tiknt'a Eclipse beat Larkey & Rocks £ /•*}•;
1. L Sear's Hot Stuff beat James Byrne Mo
hawk; T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R bea.. J.
Dean's Mialmo; E. V. Sullivan's Pretendo- beat
S E Portal's Laurel wood: E. V. Sullivan a
Royal Buck beat Deckelman & Panario s Ulen
R First tle:--Rosle R beat Gladiator: Sir John
Arnott brut La** o' Gowrie: Thornhlll boat
Jester: Prince Hal boat Swtnnerton; oKyball
beat Promise Me: Hadtwlst beat Eclipse: Hot
Stuff beat Pretender; Johnny R beat K'jjal
Second ties— Ros=!e R beat Sir John Arnott;
Prince Hal beat Thornhlll; Hadlwlst beat Sky
ball: Hot Stuff beat Johnny R.
Third ties— Rosle R beat Prince Hal; liadl
wist beat Hot Stuff.
Final— Rossi* R beat Hadlwlst.
FLEET HARE RAN
HOUND TO DEATH
Two Dogs Run Until They Drop
From Exhaustion — One
Died.
The most remarkable run up In the his
tory of coursing in this city occurred yes
terday morning at Union Park. Two
swift bounds, ied by a swifter hare, ran
until they both dropped from exhaustion,
and one died on the field. The doga were
Curtis & Son's Lady Campbell and Pem
broke Kennel's Sylvanus. L,ady Campbell
scored eighteen points to Sylvanus' three,
but he was stone dead when the follow
ers got to her. The hare escaped. This Is
the first incident of the kind on record
where the coursing was within an en
closure. „ . _ ,
When the hounds were slipped Sylvanus
took the lead and held it about half way
across the field. Lady Campbell then
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AL^GUST 8, 1893.
passed him, and from that time until the
end of the chase maintained a lead of
over three lengths. Led by the fleet hare,
the dogs ran round and round the field,
from the slip to the escape and back
again, and after running a couple of min
utes neither dog scored. On the second
run back from the escape both hounds
fell, completely exhausted, but Lady
Campbell, after a moment, got up and
again took after the quarry. She ran a
few yards and dropped dead. Sylvanus
was carried off the field in a blanket. He
will recover, but may never be good for
anything.
Yesterday's card was a good one; the
hares ran swiftly and the sport was ex
cellent, although the short enders won a
majority of the courses. The prettiest
run. next to the Lady Campbell-Sylvanus
event, was between Firm Friend and Ro
sette. The dogs ran neck and neck half
way across the field, neither scoring until
Firm Friend secured the first turn. Firm
Friend was on the short end— l to 2*4.
Other short enders who won were Sports
man vs. The Gossoon. 1 to 1; Moonlight vs.
Palmer Hill. 1 to 3; Alameda vs. Little Dorrltt.
1 to 2; Lady Blanche vs. Theron, 1 to 3: Moon
light vs. Rest Assured. 1 to 3; Bendalong vs.
Alameda, 1 to 2; Magic vs. Miller's Maid. 1 to
2: Bendalong vs. Blackstone, 1 to 2, and a
number of others. In the second round of the
Champion -take Cavalier, 2 to T. beat Finn
Friend easily.
The run down was as follows: Maiden
stake, second round — J. McNeil's Sportsman
beat Thomas McEldowney's The Gossoon: A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan beat E. and R. Scott's
Daisy Deane: Custis & Son's Lady Campbell
beat Pembroke Kennel's Sylvanus; Thomas
McEldowney's Blackstone beat John Perlgo's
Chill Pepper: Pasha Kennel's Rest Assured
beat Derby Kennel's Mona; Q. Sherman's
Walt a -Little beat W. C. Euben's Vigilant: F.
Jones' Moonlight beat B. Dougherty's Palmer
Hill; D. Ford's Bonlta beat A. and B. Ken
nel's Governor Markhani; Pembroke Kennel's
Magic beat O. Fanghor*s Tocoloma: James
Cox's Mission Tip beat F. Murphy's Gilt Edge;
Curtis A Son's Highland Ball beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Arrow: Pembroke Kennel's The Turk
beat J. Kelly's Mary X: J. McCorml<-k'«
Rapid beat Pierce &' Sullivan's Santa Bella;
Curtis & Son's Miller's Maid beat D. Flynn's
Tom Bell; C. F. Ingersoll's Glenwood beat C.
Strehl's Jlmmle Cork; John Kerrigan's St. Ger
trude beat S. Hansen's L. S. Conley: D.
Hooper's Bendalong beat .1. McCormlck's
White Wings: Pasha Kennel's. Alameda beat
Derby Kennel's Little Dorrltt.
Third round— Tod Sloan beat Sportsman;
Blackstone got a bye: Rest Assured beat Walt
a Little; Moonlight beat Bonita; Magic beat
Mission Tip; The Turk got a bye. Highland
Ball being withdrawn; Miller's Maid beat
Rapid; St. Gertrude beat Glenwood; Bendalong
bent Alarneda.
Fourth round— Blackstone beat Tod Sloan;
Moonlight beat Rest Assured: Magic beat Mil
ler's Maid; St. Gertrude beat The Turk; Bend
along got a bye. .
Fifth round— Blackstone beat Moonlight;
Bendalong beat Magic; St. Gertrude got a bye.
Sixth round— Blackstone got a bye; Bendalong
bent St. Gertrude.
Final— Bendalong beat Blackstone.
Champion stake— First round— Pasha Kennel s
Emln Pasha beat Pembroke Kennel's Terrona:
Pasha Kennel's Firm Friend beat Curtis &
Son's Rosette: Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair beat
D Hooper's Koolawn; Pasha Kennel's Metallic
beat R E. de B. Lopez's Minneapolis; Curtis
& Son's Cavalier beat J. J. Warren's Sweet
Lips; John Kerrigan's Lady Blanche beat
George Whitney's Theron. v
Second round— Fair beat Emln Pasha:
Cavalier beat Firm Friend; Metallic beat Lady
Blanche. _ , ' I^,'
Third round— Metallic beat \anity Fair;
Cavalier got a bye.
Final— Metallic beat Cavalier.
A WELL-FILLED STAKE.
Exciting Sport at Los Angeles,
With Some Sur
prises.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 7.— Coursing with
a thirty-two dog stake, well filled, at
i Agricultural Park drew the usual large
I crowd this afternoon. The sport was ex
', citing, several unlooked for ties being
i run.
In the run o!Ts Van Tralle beat John Mitch
ell: Grazer beat Doncaster; The Ghost beat
I Portia Van Brullc beat Little Dick; Lady
1 Agnes beat Gypsy; Stella beat Innocent Daisy;
' Little Brown Jus beat Hercules; Sorceress
beat Sage; Home Rule beat Benerino; Romeo
i beat Lady WashlnKton; ABC beat Lucky
i Jack; Orpheum Prince beat Kltt" Scott; Fleet
wood beat Silver Foot: Sir Jasper beat Snooze
a bye; Don Orslnl beat Little Cripple.
In the first ties Grazer beat Van Tralle; The
Ghost beat Van Brulle; Stella beat Lady Ag
nes; Orpheum Lass beat Little Brown Jug;
I Home Rule beat Sorceress; ABC beat Romeo;
Fleetvrood beat Orpheum Prince- after a tie;
Don Urslni beat Sir Jasper.
In the second ties (Irazer beat The Ohost ;
Or;iheum Lass beat Stella; ABC beat Home
Rulp; Fleet wood beat Don Orslnl.
In the third ties Orpheum Lass beat Grazer;
Fleetwood beat A H C.
In the final Orpheum Lnss beat Fleetwood.
with Fleetwood second and ABC third. The
rest divided.
HOMING PIGEONS.
Three Alameda Lofts Represented in
the Matches at Tiburon Sunday.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 7.— Three of the Alameda
lofts of homing pigeons were represented In the
match at Tiburon to-day. Otto Bluett had 2."
birds, John Lubben 12 and E. D. Conolley IS
birds. Those from the Lubbon loft all came 'in
together at exactly 2 o'clock, according: to the
timing machine attached to the lofts, which
makes a mistake impossible. The high wind
made the time very slow.
The greater portion of the Pluett flight ar
rived at 2:04:30, several came at intervals dur
ing the afternoon and half a dozen of them
did not arrive until after 5 o'clock.
E. D. Conolley of 1423 Morton street had
eighteen birds in the match, and they all came
In In a bunch at 2:02. Yesterday Conolley tried
pome of his birds, and they made the trip from
Tiburon in twelve minutes. None of the pigeon
owners here knew the time of the birds leaving
Tiburon.
Rebel Cork Picnickers.
The twelfth annual picnic of the Rebel
Cork Benevolent Association was held
yesterday at Shell Mound Park and the
attendance was large. Over fifty gate
prizes -were given out, and every gift was
well worth receiving. The first prize was
a sewing machine valued at $70. A pro
gramme of games of two dozen events
furnished lots of amusement for the pic
nickers, and the contestants were amply
rewarded for their efforts on the track
with prizes, the gifts of dozens of the
friends of the organization. Most of the
day was spent in dancing, and some of
the old country dances were Introduced
which were highly enjoyed.
BROUGHT DOWN
DISGUSTED MEN
The Tiliamook Arrives
With Little Gold.
FIFTEEN THOUSAND ABOARD
MINERS DISSATISFIED AT xriE
RESULT OF THEIR WORK.
Captain Doran Lost a Barge Going
Up, but Congratulates Himself
on Landing the Ride
out.
The steamer Tiliamook arrived from St. J
■ Michael last evening with thirty-seven |
passengers, many of whom were return
lne miners, who had not over $15,000 In
i gold.
Captain Peter Doran, the commander of
! the vessel, is very much delighted with
his feat of succeeding In taking his tow, i
j the Rldeout, up to St. Michael in safety, j
! and is probably the most satisfied man ;
' aboard the steamer, as nearly all of the j
- miners who came down on her did not do :
. as well as they expected.
T. Drown, who was In the dis
trict but one year. Is the fortunate pos- !
sessor of more than half of the dust j
: brought down on the Tillamook. He has i
j In the neighborhood of $SOOO to show for
; his year's work. The remainder of the
| gold on the ship was divided in small
sums among the other passengers, but
a number of the miners had nothing at
all. The unfortunate ones were styled
by one of the ship's officers as "sore
i heads." They went, up into the gold dis
trict expecting to find the yellow metal
so plentiful that it could be taken up by
the shovelful, and when they discovered i
that work was required to secure it in
moderate quantities they became dis
1 couraged and came down the river tnor- |
i oughly disgusted with the country.
The trip up to St. Michael was filled,
with trouble for Captain Doran. The
Rideout that the Tillamook towed north |
had to be nursed all the way and the |
I fact that she was finally landed at her :
! destination in pnod condition is due to the !
excellent seamanship of the commander
'on the steamer. She la the only stern
wheel steamer which was taken from (
i here in tow which reached port, and Cap- ;
i tain Doran cannot be blamed for congrat
i ulating himself on his success.
On the way up the Tillamook took In j
I tow at Dutch Harbor a barge which was
placed astern of the Rideout. The barge
'■ began to Irak almost as soon as she
Btarted, and when two days out of Dutch
.harbor had sunk to the waters edge. It :
was lashed up and in this condition sixty
miles a day were made. The president !
of the California-Yukon Transportation
Company, who was on board, nnally or
dered the barge to be cut adrift, which
was done contrary to the advice of < ap
taln Doran, who thought she- could be
saved. This is probably the barge which
the I.eelanaw sighted 200 miles south of ;
St. Michael.
The following passengers came down on
the steamer: J. L. Snyder. R. F. Graham.
A. Hermann. K. Geandgorge. J. E. Black
shaw, A. Gorley. J. C. McDougall. \\ . A. i
Bassett TV". K. Bost, T. Brown, C. Is el
son M. A. West. R. Q. Donnelly. J. C.
McLane, R. 11. Shelton. G. F. Winter. D. j
, D Fish C. I.each, J. A. Rice, D. Marko- |
' wltz C. Ols^n. A. Kundson, B. Namble.
E Stiles. C. Mellish. A. Dieth, G. Down- ,
ing C. Gerard. R. Coll. J. Cord. D. Cord,
i L. I,andley. W. Crittan, K. Hall, H. Kel
! ling and J". Stephens.
A KISS AS A REWARD
FOR THEIR VICTORY
TURNERS ARE REPAID TOR SUC
CESSFUL COMPETITION.
A Grand Ball Held by the Turnsch
■western Verein in Honor of
Its Skillful Athletes.
Athletes and fair maids onnctfd one of j
the prettiest ceremonies witnessed In this ;
city in many moons. It took place during j
the grand ball and prize distribution given
last night in honor of the active Turners
by the San Francisco Turnschwestern :
Verein at their hall on Turk street.
As each of the young men who upheld j
the honor of the verein during the big j
tournament at San Jose was called to the j
platform to receive the handsomely en
graved diploma won in competition
against rival organizations, he was taken
in hand by one of six pretty girls who
first pinned a token on his breast and '
then implanted a kiss on his expectant
lips in payment for his share of hard
work done" during the tournament.
The pleasing task of thus recognizing;
the valor of the society's champions was
assigned to Miss Lillie Nusbaum, Miss
Clara Attinger, Miss Emma Planz. Miss
Carrie Nielson, Miss Mlnnje Trost and
Miss Clara Trost, wfio ably performed
their duties.
Among the Turners who were fortunate
enough to receive the favors were:
Will Hlnz Theodore Planz, Sam Bachman,
John Hoops. Will Hoffmann, Louis Rapp, |
Harry Meyr. FrM Hoffman, KOdolphe Bauer, |
Mr Steinbrook. W. Sterger. Gus Herßman, Joe
Edolmonn, Oscar Kal«er. M. Wallensteln. Al
Uruenrteleln F. Wlllenbrink, H. Muller, Fritz
Attinger, Adam Brehn, F. Acker and John
Ut^chig.
The prize winners made a handsome j
appearance dressed in their gray Turners' |
uniforms and were greatly in demand dur
ing the remainder of th<» evening
as partners In the dances that followed.
President Schroeder of the Turn Ver.'in
delivered a felicitous speech in German
in which he congratulated the verein in
having such splendid representatives, and !
told of their efforts at the tournament I
being crowned with victory. Applause j
greeted his remarks and dancing was
again resumed. The singing by members
of the verein was much enjoyed.
ETHICS OF CHARITY.
Dr. Stebbins on the Amelioration of
the Horrors of War.
The Influence of the charities of human
ity in the present war formed a theme
for the Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebbins at the
First Unitarian Church yesterday morn
ing.
At first thought, he said. It seemed
strange that the violent movement of so
ciety and of nations which has been from
the beginning until now and which we
call war should be the theater for the
display of those great sentiments we call
the humanities?. Jn no respect la the pro
greaa of society and the amelioration of
man's estate more distinctly marked than
In the gradual recognition of the ethics
of war and the efforts to relievo its mis
eries. Taking the world as it is. and
knowing that so long as the world is. sn
war will be, with robbers still infesting
the highways of the world, the road from
Jerusalem to Jericho is a symbol at once
of the conflict of hate and mercy.
It Is no longer true, he said,, that the
laws are silent In the midst of the arm
ies, nor that the victors shall Inflict all
the vengeance and cruelties upon the de
feated ones. There is such a thing as
the ethics of the humanities of war. Men
do not cease to be merely beings, but re-
Fponsible to one another and to God.
Armies fight no more with poisoned ar
rows nor are communities of men, women
and children put to death to the exter
minating of the race. Morality is the
umpire whose judgment the nations ac
cept There has been a great advance of
public opinion within the last half cen
tury and that advance has been expressed
In the striking display of the sentiment
of human nature in this conflict of the
past three months.
. — ■ ■
The Powder Was Too Strong.
Frank Meister, an upholsterer livlnp at
430% Natoma street, met with an accident
yesterday while hunting near Stcges sta
tion that nearly cost him his left hand
and arm. He was using a powerful pow
der, and when in the act of shooting a
squirrel the charge blew the lefthand
barrel of the gun to pieces. The force of
the high explosive ripped the barrel from
the breech for a distance of four inches,
tore a big piece out of the righthand
barrel and stripped the rib out of the
gun almost to the muzzle. The flying
metal tore away a large quantity ol
Meister's hand and wrist and otherwise
injured him so that it will be a long time
before he can follow his trade again.
His Injuries were dressed at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital in this city.
FEAST OF ST. DOMINIC.
The Patronal Feast of the Order of
Dominicans Solemnly Com
memorated.
The Feast of St. Dominic was solemnly
commemorated yesterday at St. Dominic' 4*4 *
Church, on Steiner street. Solemn high
mass was celebrated at 11 o'clock In the i
morning, followed by a special ceremony ■
In the evening. A panegyric on the life
and works of the saint was eloquently de
livered by the Rev. Father Pius Murphy.
who outlined the wonderful career of the
founder of the Dominican Order and cited
the many lr^sons to be drawn from his
life for fmitatlon by the men of to-day.
The history of the order in all its progress
and evolution since its inception was re- j
viewed by the preacher; and the success :
which has always attended the institution |
of branch communities, now scattered the ,
world over, outlined.
tfpfclal music was arranged and sung !
at the mass by an augmented choir, un
der the direction of the organist. The offi
ciating priest, one of the members of the
order, was assisted in the solemnization
of mass by a deacon and sub-deacon. who
were also chosen from the Dominican :
clergy.
The altars and sanctuary were beauti
fully decorated for the occasion with
myriads of candles, exotic growths, rare
flowers, ferns ,-md palms. The high altar
presented a combined picture of flicker
ing light and varied color. Arrangod in
descending tiers were hundreds of candles
and bright fairy lights, which made a
glistening background of the bright mar
ble slabs of the aitar steps.
In the evening. In addition to the recital
of the rosary and a procession, an elo
quent and instructive sermon was deliv
ered on the s:ibjpct of the patron saint.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J C Jackson. L Ang C H Dasher, Cal
R B Jackson. L Ang .7 I' Morrlll. Cal
U C Exstrom. Bacto E Barre. S Jose
N X Baxter, Utah . M Trefey. Cal
CO Ostrom, Denver J W Stevenson. Cal
J D Davis. Omaha G W Bordan, Oakland
It C Strong. Mo . L Bender. Boston
T R Taylor, Fa C M Trueby, Sacto
U C I>anton, Boston J Boehmer. Utah
It S Scott. Boston 0 W Price & w, Cal
II 0 Buckman & w, E MrntFlth & w t , N Y
Sacto O H Close. Stktn
C Shefsky. Mexico Lillian Burkhart. N T
II L Ford. V S N Mrs Allen & .1. N I
J E Clullen, L Ang J S Arg^iello.S Jose
C Wilbur, NY JT Halford. B Jose
L P Boardman. Cal J T McGeohegan, Cal
(' II Herbert & ■>, Cal T J McOeohefcan. Cal
M H II Lambert, S S A A Lost. L An?
Queen I T Prettier & w, Cal
W J I>et. S Jose I J Coin. Newman
(J L Klrby. S Jose [CM Hunter. L Ang
B F Harrison. Cal j J W Burnell, Aria
C L Wood, Caspar : . I -:. >
GRAND HOTKL.
R E Kent. Sacto Mrs C White, Oakland
I. Poffenbereer, Cal J J Conner & w, Cal
S Felkln. Modesto A Brleger. Cal
T II Green. Cal T C Tully. L Ang
\V Jones. Oakland C .1 Thomas & w. Cal
F Freskow. Crockett Dr Moore, nenlrla
A r> Worswlck S Jose A B Hnrriman, Dawsn
K E Church. Cal M .7 Boggs, Colusa
F. Dlnkelsplel. Sulsun IE Minor. Cal
J TI Williamson. Cal Mrs CD Rmicllffe. Cal
.1 Mllszer. L An* Mr-- O M Martin. Ill
.1 H Smith & w. Pa 'H n Choice. Fresno
Mrs L Arron & d. Cal T D Chamberlain. Cal
W F.wlnK & w. Wash J C Pottle & 9, Cal
G P Karpel. Corning Miss E Conner. Cal
Mr« C M Bury, N Y E J Musto, Stktn
I. F M Compton. Iowa B M Hoen, Sacto
T, 8 Chase, Xnpa C A Elliott. Sncto
II T Holmes. Napa IP W Carpenter. Cal
II II Blood Nev I A Allen, Woodland
Mrs F Baldwin. C a l I
NEW WKSTERN HOTKL.
J W MrPlaln & w, Tex H M (irier, L An*
J T McClain, Tucson |J M Hlgslnson, Ky
C L Simpson. Ptktn W H dp Forrest, Cal
P Bchule & w. ("al C K HIM. S Jose
J H McNeil, H-niola O J Lucas, HIkfs
.1 I> Foley folfax \3 F Kramer. Colo
K Farr. Vallejo lM R Lane, Colo
H W Stnne, IVirtland J R Ciishman. Dawson
J Mulroy, Stilj>un * J W Hrittaln. Dawson
K Polk S Diego M Layland, Dawson
J tie Roco, Berkeley D G Drogrer. Dawson
K E Apoerly. S Jose 3 W Downing. Dawson
I' Mullfns, Angels Ff J Lord. Dawson
1> Murray & w, Baeto r> C Lord. Dawson
C I" Rockman, Cal A T Doully, Dawson
J L KerRUSon. Fresno IC C C!s.«na, Dawson
C Maxwell, S Jose J Clssna. Dawson
F I'arklnson. Vlsall.i <> M Anderson, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
V, C Mix N Y Miss Elliott. Portland
Mr- E C Mix. NT A Bauni. Cincinnati
.1 C Bnyd. Pa T W Johnson. 111
J n Cray. Scotland II A Cohn. NT
C T Sptttal, Scotland Mrs H A Cohn. N T
H II Hates Oakland S Hamburger, Utah
Mr» II H Bates. Oakld Mrs Hamburger. Utah
W II Nichols. NY 'JF! Keeler, Cal
Mrs W H Nichols, N Tit E Jack. Cal
K M Bird London I Mrs C Zaith, Colo
A W Plnkham, Mass IW M Sheldon. L, Ang
T II Morris. Portland ; .T L, Qualey. Chicago
Mrs Morris, Portland Mr« Qualey, Chicago
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3ST Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22C.1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ptreets. open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. & A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _/\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third TCJT
degree. By order of the W. M. /
G. W. ROOT. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A M.. Franiilln Hill. 1539 Fill- _^V_
more st. -First degree THIS (MON- T^jf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Hy /
HARRT BAEHR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Sara E. Reamer. In the Pem-
berton Gravel mine near Forest Hill, Pla-
cer County, to deposit tailing in Baltimore
and Dardanelles canyons, and from Fenrose
& H.irkfr. in the Bull Run mine, near Relief
11111, Nevada County, to deposit tailings In a
ravino below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
in*. San FranoUco, Cal., on August 22. lSi>3,
nt 1:30 P- ni.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ANY person having Morning Call file of ISSO-
61-fi2 or ISfiS that contains a petition at Its
length over the signature of Peter T. Secu-
lovich to Pan Francisco Board of Supervisors
for a block of land No. eO, W. A., by pro-
ducing to him the same or a certified copy, or
any information of the time, ns two thou-
sand petitions followed It. or Its natural
ground and his occupation of it, or having
municipal reports of IK6O-61-62-G3 and 1867-6 S. or
knowing of one living. Mr. Carter, thai owned
and kept a grocery store In ISGO on Filbert
St.. between Powell and Mason, will be rea-
sonably paid.
PESTER T- KKiTLOVini, 3241 Mission St.
ROOMS papered from $2 TO; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION 1
CO.. 415 Montgomery et.. room «; tel. 6SSO.
A~ WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish second girl, best of ref-
erences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS boarding or hotel cook wishes
situation; best references. MRS. NORTON.
813 Sutter st.
ENGLISH woman, good cook and housekeeper.
$12 to $i:>; references. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl wishes place to assist In house-
work second work or children, $10 to $12.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $1".; reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PRACTICAL Swedish girl wishes a place as
cook and do general housework; understands
Tow's-h rind American cooking; no children;
wages $2fj; good references. Call at 615 Jones
St.; no postals.
REFINED young lady, good penman, desires
a position In office or companion to lady; is
good seamstress; good references. Apply bet.
I a. m. and 1:30 p. m., 26 Turk St.
SWEDISH housegtrl, good cook and laundress;
4 years laat place. Apply MRS. NORTON.
Swedish and German Employment Bureau.
313 Sutter Bt.
LAUNDRESS wishes work by the day. Please
call or address 400 Oolden Gate aye.
SITUATIONS WAjVTE^-Cont^ned^
SITUATION-wanted by^^A^L
estant woman to do general nous Minna St..
good cook: best of references. 442 Minna.
between Fifth and Sixth. _. .
rODNG Birl wtehe. situation to asslsMn cod-
ing and light housework, small famll> .
$12; references given. jfl____r_____: _
WANTED^-By middle-aged woman, P ]&c : FF l *
good cook and baker. Call or address J. r.,
148 Sixth st., near Howard. ,
WANTED-PosTllon as saleslady .In any _™
by a competent young lady. Address do*.
777. Call office. _^ ' —
WANTED-A position as cook » nd S^ola
housework by reliable woman; city or across
the bay. 424 Post st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
general housework. Address 142 Clipper st.
YOUNG lady wishes position to do light house-
work; no washing. Call 142 Ninth st.
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation housework
and cooking. Apply 321 Ellis st. -• .
GERMAN girl wants 11 place for cooking and
general housework; wages $23. Call 3j6 3d st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In housework
or mind baby. 969 Mission St.
GERMAN girl wants a place for general house-
work and cooking; wages $25. Call 356. Third.
ARTISTIC dressmaker, will work for $125 per
day. 1337 Market St.. near Seventh.
NEAT young girl wishes to take care of a
child (only).. Call or address £23 Natoma st.
WAITRESS wants dinner work evenings. Ad-
dress 22 Fifth St., room 17.
GIRL 15 years old wants a place to do housa-
work or nurse. 4C Decatur st.
YOUNG lady would like position as house-
keeper in family of means. Address C. L.,
box 24, Call office.
GERMAN girl would like washing and houee-
cleanlng; $1 10 a day. Address 569 Minna St.,
rear.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as cook in pri-
vate family; wages $25. Call 40S Mississippi.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep houee; good plain
cook; $10 to $12 per month; city or country.
518 Howard st., Upper.
SWEDISH woman wishes situation as cook
in country In first-clasH family; city refer-
ences. Box 301. Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires position In a ho-
tel or boarding-house: chamber or laundry
work; good references. 2759 Mission 6t. _
ELDERLY Protestant" woman would like po-
sition as housekeeper; any distance in coun-
try; la a good plain cook. Call or address
22& Seventh St. *>
GERMAN girl wants position at general house-
work and plain cooking. Apply at 1422 Pacific.
POSITION wanted by an English woman as
nurse or housekeeper. 31S Jessie st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements, $125;
good fitter; dresses made over; suits made in
two days. Address L.. 2526 Mission st.
YOUNG woman with experience at nursing
would like a position to care for an invalid,
or as companion to elderly lady; references
given. Box >>". Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Eastern dressmaker, formerly ;
with leading firm in New York, wishes sew-
ing by day or at rooms: ladies' tailoring a I
specialty. E. R-, 915 Polk st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; references. 513
McAllister st. ■ .
WANTED— By neat reliable lady, position as
working housekeeper or care of invalid; 2
years' references. 2621 Bush st.
SITUATIONS XV ANTED— MALE.
COMPETENT and reliable man wishes situa-
tion around private place to take care of
horses garden, milk, etc.; good references.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 438.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE, very best first-class cook, meat and
pastry, wishes position, hotel or boarding
house: satisfaction. CHARLEY FOOK, 906
Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGED' man wants situation, gar-
dener, coachman, etc.; city references; wages
nominal. Expert, box 5, Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as dishwasher;
willing to do any kind of second work. Ad-
dress box 421, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class book-
keeper and accountant; highest references.
Address box 300, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; understands
gardening; thorough horseman; city refer-
ences; single. Coachman, box 4, Call office.
GERMAN, 36. wants a place to do • house and
garden work: handy with tools; city or Ala-
meda County; $12 to $15. R. X., box 322. Call.
BOY of IS, having 2 years' experience, would
like situation to run electric elevator. Ad-
dress A. R.. box __ Call office.
BOY of 17 with some experience wants posi- j
tion In tailor shop. Box 344. Call office.
ENGINEER would like a' position as engineer;
Is an all-around mechanic; can give good
references: had 12 years' city experience. Ad-
dress 2963 Harrison st. \
YOUNG German, very strong, speaks some
English, wishes work of any kind; has ex-
perience tending bar. Box 401, Call office.
SITUATION wanted to learn cooking: no
wages expected. CHARLES STEVENS. 22
■ East st. . - ■
SITUATION as miller; 10 years' experience.
Address box 330. Call office. .
MAN about place; Dane Gardener; steady and
sober; understands the care of horses, cows;
in private family; small wages and good
home; references. Box 413. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
~1 HELP WASTED-
TWO American and German nurses, $20; Prot-
estant second girl, across the bay, $20; 2
Protestant cooks, 2 In family. $25; 4 cooks,
German style, $25; German chambermaid, $20;
and girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
TEN waitresses, hotels and restaurants. $20.
$23. $5 and $6 week; 2 chambermaids, assist
waiting, $20; cook, small boarding house, $20;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ler st.
NURSE, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH nursery governess, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Putter st.
GIRL to Iron. $20 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, wait 1 meal. $15; a German
chambermaid. $23; housework. Petaluma. $20;
Oakland, $20; 15 housework girls, city and
country. $25 and $20; 6 young girls, assist, $10 I
to $13. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, 2 In family. $30; 3 second girls, $20 and
$25: 8 young girls, .assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $20; sleep home. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. .
TWO waitresses, country, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait one meal, $20,
springs, Lake County, fare paid both ways.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to do plain ironing, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEKEEPER, summer resort, $20; German
woman for a bakery, country, $15. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH house girl, $23, 2 in family; second
girl, $20: German second girl, $25. MRS i
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. J
COOK. Santa Cruz. $30; house girl, short dis-
tance, $30; middle-aged woman, $13. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl. $20. 2 In family; cham-
bermaid and seamstress, $25. MRS NOR-
TON, ,313 Sutter st.
COOK. $30; 3 cooks. $25 each. German style;
nurse. $20: Irish second girl, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist, $10 to $12. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
FOR MONDAY
Head waitress for a railroad eating house,
$23 and room, fare advanced; head waitress,
. city, $25: 5 waitresses, city, $20; 6 restau-
rant waitresses, $5 a week; 2 chambermaids,
assist wait, near city. $20; . waitress, second-
class hotel, near city, $20; ■ waitress. Com-
mercial . hotel, Santa Cruz, $20; Bakersfleld,
$20: Fresno, $25. r
Pantry woman, $25, country hotel; work-
ing housekeeper, small country hotel, $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ALSO 25 family house girls, second girls, cooks.
laundresses and nurse girls, $12 to $30. C. It.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES, same new country hotel: see
proprietor here this morning. C. R. HAN-
SEN & C 0... 104 Geary st.
NEAT Klrl.llg.Jrt housework, American family,
city. . $15: girl for chamberwork and waiting,
plain country hotel, $15, fare paid. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. r»
TO the hop fields of California, women, child-
ren and families wanted; 80c to $1 per 100 lbs;
good camping ground and water. MURRAY
& READY. 634-C36 Clay , St. .
WANTED — Cooks,* chambermaids, nursegirls
\ and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkln st. •; -
GIRL ' for housework and plain cooking. $20;
■: second girl, $20. ' 631' Larkln st. " '
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GERMAN cook. $35; French maid and seam-
stress, $25; German second girl. $25; 3 Q er . .
man or Swedish girls for housework, $26 and
$20; housekeeper, hotel, country, $20; younir
girls for housework and assist, $15 and $10
LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton si.
SIX girls, general housework. $25; S girls, » ec -
ond work. $10 and $15; working housekeeper
City Employment Office, 1023 Market st.
FOR a neat young woman, employed preferred"
whose time will permit her to attend partial
light housework evenings for elderly coup! .
can have home and aid. Advise personal par-
ticulars to box 1212. Call office.
WANTED— Willing general housework girl-
good wages. Apply to-day. 100; Leavenworth
st., between 1 and Z.
WANTED— Young girl for downstairs work and
who thoroughly understands German cook-
- ing; wages $25. 2210 \allejo st.
GERMAN-SPEAKING girl, 1« to~ur^_; j
light housework; sleep home. Old No. 1053
Market st.
WANTED— Two first-class lady barbers. Ap-
ply Immediately at 2750 Greenwich st., p re _
Bidio. ; _.
GERMAN girl to do general housework; *__„'
$20. Apply in bakery. 234 bixtn st.
WANTED— Apprentice who can sew at drew,
making: paid while learning. 1301 Larkln.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to assist la
housework-. 313 Tenth St. ;
GOOD German girl, general housework; good
wages. 933 Haight st.
GIRL wanted In family of 3- ™*2 Geary st.
G"lßl7lo~assftt in housework and plain wash-
Ing; wages $12. 1512 Bush st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to help In dining-
room. Call 513 % Jones st. •
WANTED-German girl for light housework
at 1011 Buchanan st.
RESPECTABLE girl to assist with baby^ and
light housework; $5 month. Apply 617 Jessie.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
116 Broderlck st. -
WANTED— First-class buttonhole maker and •
finisher on vests. 956 Mission st.
YOUNG girl take care of children and light
housework; call early. 124 A Eleventh st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit and
can. Apply Immediately at cannery. Bran-
nan St., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit,
at Cutting Fruit Packing Company, 1160 Har-
rison st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework; $8 per month. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED— A girl about 14 for light housework;
small wages; good home. 128 Twenty-ninth.
WANTED— A few shoe vampers and stitchers.
Box S6SB. Call office.
TAILORING and dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. 118 McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position,
free; patterns 26c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
ft.: perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Brick molder, $2 day and board, see
boss In city; lroner and polisher, country, $30
and found: foreman, stable man, $65; Nor-,
wegian. Swiss or Scotch farmer, $25; sticker
man; man to set up tanks; 2 miners, $2 50
day; driver for milk wagon, $30 and found;
blacksmith for camp, $35 and found; farmers,
woodchoppers and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, $60; 3 restaurant
cooks, country, $35 $40 and $45; restaurant
waiters, vegetable men. dishwashers and
others. Apply to J. F. CROEETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st. .
WANTED— CIerk for general merchandise
store, country: must understand dry goods
particularly; $50; see boss in city. Apply to
J. F. CKOSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
: For Monday
Alaska i Railroad
Steamer sails Tuesday
100 rockmen and laborers wanted at 30 cents
an hour; board $1 a day; rare, including- berUt
and meals and office fee, $22 50; direct to
Bkaguay via Seattle. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
GANG of Italian railroad laborers for British
Columbia; fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
1000 LABORERS for British Columbia, $2 a
day and up; long Job. Further particulars at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
TEN teamsters, new work, $1 85 a day; 10
teamsters, $1 70 a day; 15 teamsters, $20 and
board ; 8 scraper loaders, $1 75 a day; 15
shovelers for a tunnel, $1 75 a day; 10 labor-
ers, outside work, $160 a day; all for new
railroad work in California. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEN laborers tor work around a large mine
and smelter; outside work; wages from $1 60
to $2 50 a day; steady work; board $15 a
month; reduced fares. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
SIX railroad tunnelmen; $2 50 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHUTE builder for a sawmill, $50 and board;;
3 helpers, $35 and board; part fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
TEN laborers for the woods, choppers, ax
men and men to get out logging, etc.; fare
reduced to $1 50; see boss here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO timber men for a tunnel, $2 25 a day;
wedge maker. $2 25 a day. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
BRICK molder, $2 a day and board; see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
FAMILIES to pick hops at 80c to $1 a hundred;
office fee nominal. For directions call on .
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
VEGETABLE gardener for a country hotel,
$30 and found, steady Job; 12 farmers and
choremen, $23, $20, $15 and $10; 2 rough car-
penters for a ranch. $30 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
JANITOR for an office; a man six: feet tall
preferred; $40. C. R. HANSEN <_ CO., 104
Geary st. ■
STEWARD for a gentlemen's club In th»
country, $30; baker and pastry cook, couatry
hotel $40. fare advanced: baker and second
cook, half fare paid. $35: camp cook. $iO:
ranch cook, $25; Swedish baker. $S a wwk:
third hand baker. $25; German waiter. $35: S
waiters, city. $23; 2 waiters, country. $25;
waiter for a mine boarding-house, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRYMAN. mark and distribute and
wash, all plain work for a hotel. $35 and
found; 2 polishers. $40 and $30 and found. C.
■R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
MEAT and pastry cook. $60: second cook. $40;
steward, $40; porter. $20; bellboy. $12; all for
the same new country hotel; see proprietor
here this morning. C. R. HANSEN i CO..
lot Geary st. | __________
MURRAY & READY.. MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day
&00 men for Arizona -
10 farm hands $26 and $20 and found
5 teamsters, city $25 and . found
3 factory laborers $20 and found
C 3 woodchoppers 51 tiemakers
10 laborers for gold fields $26 and found
MURRAY & READY.
**■*.". 634-636 Clay at.
GARDENER. $25 and found; 2 boys for a gar-
den $10 and found ; 3 choremen and. boys for
ranches. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
PRUNERS— 3 men for orchard pruning. MUR-
RAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st.
95 LABORERS to work at the mines and mln»
Ing plants: cheap railroad rates to work-i
board only costs $15 per month; wages front
$2 SO day; steady, good Job. MURRAY A
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
9 COOKS for saloons, hotels, restaurants,
boarding-houses and ranches. $50. $45. $35. $26
and found
9 waiters, $25 and $20 and found: 3 dishwash-
ers. $23 and $15. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st. __^
FARE Laundry Help Paid
Polisher.. .$4O and found
Ironer, Tyler machine ....$3O and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKER, country, small shop, $30 and found:
cracker packer, $2 day. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay at. -ja ■
HOPS Again to-day
We will send 55 men. women, children, fami-
lies and parties, to pick hops: heavy crops
this year; you can make big money and have
.an outing for six weeks; only 50c office fee
charged; special reduced railroad rates to hop
fields and yards. . MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay et. ' ■ ■
TO go to-day, fare $1 50, see boss at our office.
6 swampers, 1 26 and board; 10 woodchoppers,
pine. 4 foot. $1 a cord; 10 men to make lag-
ping. IVic apiece. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608
and 610 Clay st. . ■ -
MACHINE miner, $3 a day: 25 more hop pick-
ers to go to-day; waiter and wash dishes for
mining camp. $25; dishwasher, boarding
house. $25: dishwasher. $18 and room; waiter,
boarding house. $25; 4 scraper teamsters. $20
and board; waiter, country hotel. $25. R. T.
1 WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st. ;;■■". HELP WANTED— Continued.
■ "vf"AXTEr>— Hop pickers, 150 men, women, boys
i ■ and families to get up camping parties to
•"" "'ick hoi* for a large hop yard; 6 to 8 weeks'
■• work at good pay; provisions, etc., advanced
: :._ y company; office fee only 60c aad work
:•. ''cuarnnteed; come one, come all. W. D.
•: ;3iEWER & CO.. 626 Clay st
■•■.a\S\>. r TED— Experienced milk driver. for city,
■ ' <? k i per nth and found, references required;
'.' ' ■-•' furnace men for mine, $60 per month; 4
•' ' -i'hV -.rers for mine, $40 and board; blacksmith's
•'• hel'er for ranch, $30 and board; 2 quarrymen,
ft 80 per day and board; 8 laborers about
■•ouurry, no experience required, $35 and board;
• : • i=fl men, boys, women and families to pick
-" hone for' Targe company; Swedish dairyman,
• . near city, $25 and others, W. D. EWER &
■ '-. CO.. 62* Clay St.
. fcrceOND conk. $50; free fare both way's. HO-
■'- ?,TEL O\'/-KTTE. 420 Kearny st. .
~Y lL \,-yj:iv- (>oo<l locksmith and electrician or
_2jsvoune ii- 1 " with some experience at the
• trade; German preferred. At 3011 Sixteenth.
■ '• -\\-, i , '■• : .• ts wanted: also one to learn the
$1 a da >'- Golden Gate Dye Works,
' ' . .542 M£> :ii*ter »t.
I'-k-aNTED— TouiUE man who understands nickel
• Address box 9099. Call office. -
■ ■ iSiRKEEPERj German preferred; must have
. . cood references; X.. box 19C, Call office.
■•••■■WANTl'D— Steward, Ahlborn House, 321 Grant
!w iNTKD- Apprentices on custom pants. Ap-
'-. si-y w,i Ellis st.
• JDISHWASHER: only sobsr, reliable man need
•ajp'y. 43S Third st.
■ .FAKBF.U wanted; young man preferred. 1192
Harrison St., near Eighth.
■: t'KKEEPER, extra work. Inquire bet. 11
and 1, 29 Stockton st.
"iITEN for every county in the State; big money
for good men. 2* Grant aye., room 24.
"WANTED- live energetic men. Apply at 22
Post- st., Monday evening, bet. 7:30 and 8:30.
. WANTED— Young man to set and distribute
•type on nearby country newspaper; no job
■ w.ork; $10 per month and board and lodging;
fare" paid. ' Answer to Good Home, box 319,
'" Cali office. .;-'
■ WANTED— Man to learn barber trade; elec-
•'. '. trie system. 1542 Market st.
COAL miners who have worked in pitch vein
wanted. Apply to TESLA COAL CO., room
. . 615, 32S Montgomery st.
TO TAILORS— Coat makers wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance.
' C.HARLES LYONS. 721 Market -:.
• EXPERIENCED salesman by a large wine and
llqusr house. Box 376, Call office.
..WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
..*'-" that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
.'-,- ir> •■ 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
■ BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
' . m't. H. Bernard, Eec, 104 '■'.-■: teL Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
.- PUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant ire.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
.' .' Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
Wax: At Montana House. 7644 Mission,
•men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
• .' Francisco Barber College, 13s^ Eighth St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
. L'AXE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SIEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard St.
EINCrLB furnished, tine, lnrjre. sunny and airy
J* rocm. .25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis St.
TRY Acme House, 5."7 Market st. below Sixth.
'• for -a j-'Vim: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To' collect wages due laborers and
ci'erks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
' SINGLE rooms. 10c and l"»c night; TBc and $1
, . • we*. Lmdell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOL. P.. 44 Third st., near
. • Market; 200 rooms, Be "««"ht; reading room;
•itye 't.us and ba~g_ge to and from the ferry.
'.'.• ' ~* PARTNERS WANTED^
: :WANTKD — Good German sausage maker as
'. : .partner. '3.'>35 Seventeenth St.
: : I. HOUSES WANTED.
' NICE house: large grounds: as care taker pay
'. •' 'AT-t: refrrenre. Box 341. Call office. Oakland.
V 7V 7 11. ATS WASTED.
■'.W4NTJ:D— Furnished house or fiat complete
,\ •for housekeeping: two adults and infant:
'••' :nuis_\'be rirst-elass; etate particulars. Box
.. '■' ■' __ office.
.- .ROOMS **>" BOA—— WANTED.
>'"}_ASRRJED couple want sunny suite with
':'• board: state location anil terms, which must
Ttrt reasonable. Address A., box -■••■'.?,. Call.
.■■-.; \ ROOMS WANTED.
• WA'jCT-ED— For physician's office. 2 or 3 rooms
Vbn - itter ft., from Jones to Van Ness aye.
"■■.'Box "-4. Call office.
••■' z-~ :■ FURNITURE WANTED.
•H. -BAH— buys furniture and general mer-
'charniise. 1057 Market st. : Tel J-SHi- 32.
;. PROPERTY WANTED.
•MODERN house and lot of 6 or 7 rooms in
■•"■ "Western Addition. Box 323, Call office.
-. ;. "• -WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WaVtED— To exchange $250 lot on Eleventh
. -aye." block 602. South San Francisco, for lum-
; ■'. beif: ' Inquire 20 Ninth st.. room 8.
' ■••."'.••• DENTISTS.
•A-^^FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
jjlateß- light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
■■ ■ teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
' our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
' • work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors'. 24 Sixth Et. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
{.OK. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
. Js't, discoverer of painless extraction and
'•' patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
. "\\iithout plate, removed from 6to 20 O'Farrell.
•".VAN^ VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
.. '.Ings.. 697 Market St., err. Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market '<■■■ near
' i Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
'• ., specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
• ALL work reasonable ar.d warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320' Market st.
•■NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
. New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
•PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
" ' & -CHRISTIE. 8 Mason st., cor. Market.
■'/• ' ' HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
."cart*, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
• ■". day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
' • CAMP~wagons. buggies, wagons, harness of ail
■ kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
• •/ Yards. 220 Valencia st.
hNjF WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
•'BUSINESS wagon. $40; trotting cart, cost $100.
" for ?40: young mare, handsome, speedy, well
•• 'broke for city. 1929 Market st.
■ ©NE~new 3-can milk wagon. 1 butter and
' egg wagon, 2 second-hand buggies. 1370 Turk.
• vkiv and second-hand buggies and carts
.- • cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
. . tor. cash or installments: : fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 823 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sals of nan and vehicles. Lie-
. -bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
'. "7 ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
•!■ HOWE, atty-ot-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
' ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
• See advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe.lo3 Larkin.
.' ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
L S CLARK— Emma Spreckcls bldg.; 927 Mar-
• net; consultation free: no fees in advance.
..'. TYPEWRITERS.
" ALL~~typewritc-rs sold and rented; few partly
. u?ed for sale cheap; send for samples and
pr'ic-3. ALEX AN PI R & CO., 110 Montgomery.
: "NEW Hammond, $35: Caligraph. $15; Tost, $25;
' 7 get sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery.
•.. ■ ~~ STORAGE.
.'PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
■'.office Tenth and Market; telephone South IC6.
. yi-|,v|', fi:i:, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
■ ' ago warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
'-; . TO LEASE.
THT^^Jd^D^Udllnff^oT the Y. M. "C. A., 232
• Butter st. ; long lease; very low terms; can
be rented as a whole or in divisions; large
• _nd sulendld location; reasonable rent re-
•' ' ?*•«"•-• Apply to MADISON ■■;. HURKE..-
'..■■• : PROPOSALS. /
L" "h ~ I3NG7NT^R - *OFFICKr^S_rkiB
i attle - Wn., Auk- 1. 1898.— Sealed Proposals for
• building a steel hull tugboat will be received
here until I P. M., Sept. C, 1898. and then pub-
licly opened. Information furnished ■on -ap-
plication. HARRY TAYLOR, Capt. En_ra,
BUSINESS. CHANCES.
TO Let— A nice store for saloon and restaurant
In a good location; rent only $20 M. LESS.
765 Market st.. opp. Phelan building.
$500— COUNTRY saloon In. liveliest town near
city; positively best location there; must sell
on account of. sickness. Apply M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon with 3 living rooms. In-
cluding furniture; good location principal
street; handsome place; neat and Inviting;
large stock; daily receipts $S; rare offer; gen-
uine bargain; hard to duplicate it. Apply
M. LESS, 765 Market St.. opp. Phelan bldg.
A— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin st.;
established many years; known as a leading
and money-making place; must be sold at
once on account of other business investment
of owner. Particulars ILKE. 783% Mar-
ket st.; new number 845.
WOO— CORNER grocery and bar; 2 blocks S. of
Market; living-rooms: good-paying place; low
rent. WILKE. 845 Market at.*
$560— RESTAURANT kept by owner for 20
years and doing Al paying business; no low
prices; located close to Market and Ellis sts.:
a rare chance. Call WILKE, -845 Market St.,
1 door east from Fourth st.
$300— SALOON on Third St., 2 blocks from Call
office; stock worth the money; great sacrifice
account sickness of proprietor. See WILKE,
845 Market Et. .
A— s2soo;" CORNER saloon, doing a rushing and
first-class paying business; very best down-
town location; building including long ground
lease; owner has another place; must sacrl-
fice. Particulars WILKE, 845 Market st.
$1000; CORNER saloon, close to Call build-
ing; kept by owner 8 years and doing an ex-
cellent business: large stock; low rent; very
beat offer In the market for location and busi-
ness. WILKE, S4i> Market st. *
A— WAN TED. 5 bright men; $500 each;
only enterprise of the kind on this coast: will
clear $5000 each within a year; security given.
KREDO & CO.. 22Mi Geary st.
$550— CORNER grocery, bar. living rooms; in-
voice $600; don't miss this. KREDO & CO.
CANDY and ice cream; $S daily; fine liv-
ing rooms; a snap. KREDO ■_ CO., 22^ Geary.
$750 — MEAT market; wholesale bill $3000
monthly; all cash custom. KR—DO & CO.,
ZlVt Geary st.
$000— CORNER grocery and liquor store; retir-
ing from business. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
777 Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; established 30
years; retiring from business; good horse
and wagon; long lease to responsible party.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
FRUIT and produce store; fine location; doing
first-class business; a genuine bargain. City
Agency {JONES & SEARLL), 865 Market St.
DAIRY produce and delicacy store; lead-
Ing street; doing good business; 4 llvlng-rms.;
City Agency (JONES & SEARLL), 865 Markt.
$750— PARTNER wanted in a first-class country
saloon; receipts $20 to ?50 per day; rent $20;
■ population of town. 3000; finely fitted up.
RAND & CO.. 917 Market St.
A— GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
$100. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— DELICACY store; 2 rooms; rent $12; good
corner. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market St.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks; quick sales.
\:'ERG & CO.. 26V_ Kearny st."
$150— SALOON. stock. billiard?; furnished
rooms; must sell this week. BASILE. 873%
Market st^ J
$100— PARTNER wanted to start branch ba-
kery, candy, coffee and chop house. MRS.
WARD. 44S Third St.
$350— SALOON men, attention; fine corner sa-
loon will be sold to-day to highest bidder.
Call 30 Kearny St., room 9. v
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire 650 Sacramento St., nr. Kearny.
BRANCH bakery, notions and confectionery;
neatly fitted up; owner occupying it last 5
years: sales average $5 per day: parlor, 2
bedrooms, dining room and kitchen: rent $15;
can be paid out of bakery; real bargain at
$200: satisfactory reasons for selling. JOHN-
STON & CO., 572 Broadway, Oakland.
ONE-HALF or whole interest in a well estab-
lished employment bureau, real estate ex-
change and business opportunities; half, $250:
whole, $500. Address Business, Call branch
office. SOS Broadway. Oakland. _ J ___
SOBER, steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center of town St. Helena:
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
FOR SALE— Fine restaurant; good location;
fine business; investigate: account of sick-
ness. Inquire 216 East Main St., Stockton.
£#O_HOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms; IS regular boarders: trial before buy-
Ing. Address M. J., box 4, Call office. Oakland.
BAKERY, best location; 7 barrels flour sold
over the counter; cheap. 40 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. ' - ' .: '*
FOR SALE— Notion store doing good trade;
bargain; Sausaiito. Address S.. box 40. Call.
SHOE store for sale; good repairing business;
living rooms rear. Owner, 236 Noe St.
LARGE paper route for sale. . Address R. W.,
617 Jones st.
$40— SMALL grocery and bar; central; long es-
tablished; 5 living rooms; good-paying place;
rent only $12; 3 rooms paying rent. 231 Na-
toma st.
GOOD harness business for sale;. work enough
for two men; thorough investigation given;
reduce stock If necessary- 621 ■ 12th. Oakland.
SPLENDID opportunity; best 2-chair barber
shop in Cal.: good business, etc.; no reason-
able offer refused. 1504 Park St.. Alameda.
$300— MILK route for sale. Address P. O. box
191; Santa Rosa. Cal.
$1000— LIVERY boarding stable; doing good
business. Box 390. Call office.
FIXTURES and stock of good-paying saloon;
party nick. Apply at 123 Sutter st.
_HOE store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth st., near Castro.
BARGAIN— Paying dairy, route, cows, equip-
ment: supply select Oakland customers: sell-
ing acct. health. Dairy, Call office. Oakland.
HALF or whole interest in good paying butcher
shop- cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. D.. box 3. Call office. Oakland.
DELICACY store.; rent $10; must be sold; no
' reasonable offer refused; party obliged to
leave city. 1438 Howard st.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; on retirement
from business; 2 wagons; reasonable rent and
lorn? lease. Apply Call office.
BRANCH bakery and dairy produce store for
sale very cheap. Apply 707 Devisadero St..
between Fulton and Grove.
OLD established corner grocery and bar, with
fixtures: rooms. Northeast corner Twelfth
and Folsom streets.
FOR SALE— good business barber shop. Ap-
ply DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3164
Twenty-fourth st. _______
GROCERY, bar, furniture for sale; good
location; no agents. C. H. A., box 36.', Call.
$75 — COFFEE and chop house; same hands 3
years. J. COLE. 500 Howard st.
TO PRINTERS— job office in Oak-
land; cheap for cash. D., box 1. Call, Oakland.
FOR sale— route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at (rail business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROOMING-HOUSES, HOTELS,
BOARDING-HOUSES.
FLATS. PRIVATE HOMES
CITY AND COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
6-room flat; central $150
10 rooms; corner; very good 250
24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 900
C 8 rooms; corner; clears $250 — 2200
40 rooms; easy payments; call for price.
44 rooms; 25 bay windows; corner 3000
26 rooms; new and good 1600
100 others: 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 8000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO :.-• 22% Geary st.
. Money to loan at low Interest
105 rooms; best paying In city $4,200
'3 rooms; 30 bay-windows 1,600
4S rooms; best on Geary 2,000
38 rooms; corner; doctor pays rent 900
34 rooms; fine corner; half cash 2,000
23 rooms; clears $75 month 550
20 rooms; two entrances: Market 300
19 rooms; corner; best transient 1,100
11 rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 650
9 rooms; also 8 room«; bargains 225
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.
A— 33 ROOMS; north of "Market; fine $1900
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water — 1600
31 rooms; transient; Market S5O
15 rooms; select; transient corner 300
14 rooms; fine house; Income $50 clear — 80)
40 rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap
24 rooms; best In city; cheap 1700
CO rooms; part cash; transient 1450
9 rooms: good h0u5e...........;....... 200
18 rooms; Market St.; clears $200; cheap... SoO
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. (L. W.
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
WINSTON & CO.. 628 Market st.
AV J______— RELIABLE BROKERS
12 rooms; brand new; near P0we11........ $550
.15 rooms; Geary st.;. fine place MO
25 rooms; rent $75; near Chronicle 850
30 rooms; rent $90: paying place. .-...-. 600
40 rooms; rent $105; part cash 2500
$500— LODGING-HOUSE; north of Market St.;
14 rooms; -bargain; departure cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st. y \-
_____ lodging-house on Third st.. near
Market. Apply Call Office. . : : \- ■ •
~~~~ BICYCLES.
BIG sacrifice, second-hand bicycles; first come,
first served. J. HOLLE, 20th and. Folsom sts.
THE SAJS FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
NorsEs to let.
IT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35: choice for
business and residence combined; investigate.
3AY-WI. OW house. 4 rooms and basement;
210% Perry st.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
2LLIS, 1472 near Buchanan— 6 rooms and bath
and planked basement: ____________
3OLDEN GATE aye., near Webster— lo rooms
and bath; modern Improvements; $50.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; rent $18. Apply
at 626 Eddy Et. __
3'FARRELL, 1456 and 1458; sunny side; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30; key at 1454.
PINE and Hyde sts.— Large house of 33 rooms,
3 baths; very centrally located; only $150.
MADISON & BURKE.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
g-omery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
BARTLETT, 434— Conservatory, tiled bath
room, lawn, flower garden, S rooms; sanitary
plumbing: to a responsible tenant rent rea-
sonable; 2 to 4 p. m.
BELVEDERE— Cozy furnished cottage; com-
plete for housekeeping for two or three peo-
ple and servant; bath; large sunny living
room: $35 monthly; two to four months. R.
E. McGILL, 18 Post st.
PACIFIC aye., 1521—8 rooms, bath; yard; lawn;
water free; $30. Apply forenoon.
GOLDEN GATE, 1736— Furnished mansion, 12
rooms; heater; billiards; large garden; fine
view.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment; yard; rent'sS per month; rear house.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms, bath, gas; sunny; good
view; $16. 3 Codman place, off Washington
St., bet. Powell and Mason.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; $12. 454 Clipper
street. ;--.--'. ,
EIGHTEENTH and Guerrero— sunny, papered
rooms; bath; large grounds; warm belt; $18.
NICE cottage of 4 rooms; large lot 50x110;
•rood stable; out houses: fine place for man
with horses. 3244 Harrison St.. near Preclta
aye. ; rent $10.
15TH, nr. Dolores— Sunny newly renovated cot-
tages: 5 rooms; bath: basement; yard; cheap.
FLATS TO LET.
AA— DALE place, 8, off Golden Gate aye., bet.
Leavenworth and Hyde— 4 and 6 rooms; bath.
APPRECIATED if seen; rarely beautiful; N.W.
corner Sutter and Scott; ti big rooms and
glazed porch; or N. W. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth; 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with < sunshine.
ELEGANT middle 6-room flat, bath, $18; lower,
5 rooms, bath, $14." 411 Lyon St., near Hayes.
ELEGANT 7-room corner flat. 652 Church St..
1 block from Mission High School.
ELEGANT ppper flat; 7 large rooms; bath
and basement; $27 50. 585 Fell st.
FINE flat; 7 rooms; bath; 521 McAllister, bet.
Van Ness aye. and Franklin st. Apply 623
Golden Gate aye.
FLATS — New; choice; 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements; $18. 1714 Hyde st.
PLAT; 5 rooms: bath; nearly new; rent $15.
515 Connecticut Ft. ■■':■* f-"--'* r'^-.'.T'r :"-'-:?■-*.;..
FOLSOM. 930, bet. 6th and 6th— s r. and b.; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON. 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
HAIGHT, 1021, bet. Broderick and Baker-
Sunny 6-room flat: fine view; near Park.
HOWARD, Ss2— Brick bldg; 6 r. , and b. ; $25.
ASHToN - GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
lONES, 232S— Flat. 5 rooms, bath; large gar-
den; marine view; nice surroundings.
[/EAVEN'.Vi'inil. 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
ern improvements: rent $16. ;
MCALLISTER, __ Upper flat I large rooms
and bath; reasonable rent.
MCALLISTER. 1728, tit. Broderick— B r. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery st.
MINNA 848, near Eighth— Sunny comer flat
Of 4 and 7 rooms; bath; range If required; ap-
preciated If seen. -
SEW flats: $13; 295 Shipley St.. near Sixth;
with bath.
SUNNY 4-room flat: modern Improvements;
garden .stable if desired); rent $12. 1913
O'Farrell. ;
SUTTER. 16138, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
rEHAMA, 331— Sunny flat of I rooms; bath,
gas and all modern Improvements.
VALENCIA. 469, nr. 16th— 6 r. and b.; rent $16.
ASHTON It GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Tenants: flats and cottages re-
duced; 3 rooms now $6 up: 4 rooms $8 and up:
great inducements at SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st.
WASHINGTON. 1325, near Jones— large
; rooms; rent $12; water free.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. -
$16—6 ROOMS and porcelain bath: 541 Castro
•St., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
$14 — 4 sunny room- and bath; 4171 Twentieth
St.. near Castro.
$22 — 8 large rooms, new building, upper flat;
715 Castro St., near Twentieth.
$16—5 rooms: 16 Cumberland St., off Guerrero,
bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
$16— SAN JOSE .IV*-.. 113. nr. 24th— New modern
flat. 5 sunny rooms; gas, hot water, bath.
6 ROOMS. $14; also comfortable cottage, 4
sunny rooms. 623 Second, near Rlncon aye.
$12—4 ROOMS: large yard. 1017V4 Union St.,
between Jones and Leavenworth.
$15 — 2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms
and bath. 2668 Twenty-second St.. nr. Bryant.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 522 Polk — Nice sunny unfurnished front
suite; also single room; rent cheap.
AT 243 Eighth st. — Handsomely furnished
suite for housekeeping, very cheap; unfurn-
ished rooms, $3 month.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay
windows and kitchens, en suite; $12 to $15.
BUSH, 675—3 well-furnished sunny rooms, with j
bath, complete for housekeeping, $20.
BRYANT, 511. near Third— Nicely furnished
sunny suite, front, $8 per month.
EDDY 604—1, 2 or 3 elegant sunny rooms;
piano; bath: gas; nice kitchen if desired.
ELLIS, • 611— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; also _ in basement.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Large sunny room;
gas stove and bay-window alcove.
FIFTH, 309— Nicely furnished sunny connect-
ing rooms, Ist floor; complete kitchen; run-
ning water.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 353— Clean furnished housekeeping; 3,
$12; 2, $14; 3, $20: also single, $4. '
FILLMORE. 2212, near 'Clay— sunny unfur-
nished rooms to small family; $10.
FOLSOM, HZ— A large sunny bedroom; kitchen;
yard. ■' *
GROVE. 360—2 unfurnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping in a private family of two.
HANOVER House, Howard st, bet. 4th and
sth— 2 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms,
from $8 to $10 per month. " .
HOWARD, 525—2 nice rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; others; rent reasnble.
HOWARD, — Furnished housekeeping room;
also single sunny front room; rent $5 month.
HOWARD, 1128%— Front suites for housekeep-
ing; water; stoves; bath; rent $10 and $12.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— Newly fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath, gas; cheap.
LARKIN, 433— Neatly furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, near Post— Sunny, room
and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonable.
LYON, 1301— 2 furnished or unfurnished rooms
with use of kitchen. -
VIA SON, 413— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping; also parlors;
cheap. ."•.■■■:",'-" ' •
MINNA, 671B— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
$5 up.
MINNA, 648— Two large sunny rooms; unfur-
nished. ' .'--:.'
MISSION, 834—1 front sunny, housekeeping
room, $S; also others at $6; nice and quiet.
NATOMA, 605 — 2 furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; also single. - ' ■'■? i' :*;:-..'
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite of rooms; light house-
keeping; i running water and stove.
OAK, 1191— 3 or 5 furnished rooms; entrance
Park ; gas stove, • bath; cheap; also single.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay. window
and kitchen; gas stove; $13. '- .-
POST, — Front and back parlors . for house-
keeping; gas; running water;- for business;
cheap. ■ • ■■'■•'. .• . . ■'■'■'■ |
POST, 617%— Front and back parlor and kltch- !
en; unfurnished: for housekeeping.- .'.■; . : ; j
PROSPECT Place, 123, Powell; ' Stockton, near I
California— l to 4 ; rooms; bath;- complete for
housekeeping; $4 to $17; private; German.
SANCHEZ, 25, near 13th— Four fine unfurnished i
rooms; adults; bath; yard; upper floor; %12 50. ]
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay-window suite ; furnish-
ed for housekeeping; rent $10.
SIXTH, 408, cor. Harrison— Large sunny rooms;
suitable for two: $8 up; also single.
sTTtH PARK. 184—2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
TAYLOR, 246— rooms and bath; unfur-
nished. "
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor; bath and gas. "
TURK Nicely furnished light housekeep-
ing rooms, $7 to $14; with bath.
TURK, Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $14.
TURK Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, $6 and $S; housekeeping privileges.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3206, corner Howard-
Three . furnished sunny rooms, with bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3601 — Bay-window house-
keeping, $10; single. $4; also unfurnished suite.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3163. near Howard— 2 fur-
nished rooms with use of kitchen. _____.'
UNION 801, corner Mason— 2 front housekpg
rooms, furnished or unfurnished; private; $7.
VALENCIA, 1012—8 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, $10. ■ ■'-'''
VAN NESS. 618—2 sunny rooms complete for
light housekeeping, with bath, $12.
2 NICE large unfurnished housekeeping rooms
with bath in flat with private family; Clay,
near Polk. Inquire 611 Polk st.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS TO let.
AT 416 O'Farrell; elegant sunny rooms; suites;
single; by day, week or mo.; baths, running
wa a . i ■ s -i s■• -
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, 829% and Mason
407— Choice; sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-claaa
■> in every respect; terms reasonable..
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton et.j trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
A— STOCKTON, First-class sunny front
rooms; suite, single; facing plaza; day or mo.
SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell: elevator; baths; best attention.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— Rooms by the
day. week or month; very reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
DOLORES. 637, near Twentieth— Sunny fur-
nished front room, with use of piano; suit-
able for music teacher; would take lessona
for part rent; reasonable. •
FOLSOM, 766%— 2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let; cheap.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms, suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 610— Elegantly furnished rms.; suites
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GLOBE House, $21 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GRANT aye.. 17— Front suite, first floor; single
rooms; housekpg rooms: transients solicited.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, Large Bunny bay-window room,
suitable for two. ■ '
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HYDE. 1105 (Hotel Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; flrst-claas every respect; terms rea-nble.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms; reasonable; gas; water; bath; central.
LARKIN. 227, cor. Golden Gate— sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gaa stove.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
MCALLISTER. 611— Homelike front suite for
housekeeping; single and double rooms;
cheap. .':.•..;,
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 1307— Large handsome sunny bed-
room, or bedroom and parlor; private; refs.
PERRY, 174— Sunny front bay-window room,
with bath; suitable for man and wife.
POST, 239 (Bohemia). 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
Sunny, large, newly furnished; single or en
suite; all conveniences; elevator; reasonable.
POST. 618%-^Nlce furnished bay-window room;
gun; bath; closet. -■ • ■;■''■
POWELL. 317. formerly Cosmos Club—Elegant-
ly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny room."; reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN -Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. Front suite; also 2 or 3 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and
bath. . '
TAYLOR, 407—2 sunny front rooms furnished.
TURK. 127— Nice large light parlor, suitable
doctor or office; cheap to right party.
TWELFTH. 145. corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping; also
single.
WANTED— 2 young lady roomers. 339 Bush Bt.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BARTLETT. 447— Large sunny front room and
board; suitable for two gentlemen. ■
BUSH, 675— Nicely furnished front suite; first
floor; first-class family board for 2, $50; single
room and board, $23; use of bath.
ELLIS, 518— Nice sunny rooms with first-class
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 408— Sunny alcove; hot and cold water;
board; for two gents; reasonable; private.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath: gas; telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Sunny . newly furnished
rooms; best table board; special rates; gents.
SOUTH PARK, — Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY room, first-class board; home cooking;
running water; bath: gas: piano: use private
team, telephone; downtown. 822 Bush st.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family boards;
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reaa.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Beautifully furnished
Bunny rooms; board if desired; references.,
STORES TO LET.
A— NEW stores, 133 Ellis and 233 Powell sts.;
month free. Apply SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
CITY Hall square. 17— Large light store. $50.
ASHTON &. GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
FINE store with living rooms; fit for any
business; 1007 Larkin st; $14. Apply 102
Eddy st. . \ ■
NATOMA, 1008, near Eleventh— Store, fixtures;
3 living rooms; any business or dressmaking;
$10 50. '
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.;
handsome corner store; cheap to good parties.
TURK 422. near Larkin— Store. $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
$9— STORE and living room at 337 Noe st.
prosperous neighborhood.
OFFICES TO LET. '■
E^MASPRECKELS^buIIdIng, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices. $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
' HALLS TO LET..
ELEGANTLY furnished meeting hall with nec-
essary accommodations. Inquire at Loyola
Hall. SE. s corner of Tenth and Market sts.;
entrance on Tenth st. - - •
_____ ______ — — —-
~_OST^
Breastpin; pearls and ruby in center;
to or from the park. Return to 91. 6 Eddy
st. and receive reward. . - . .
Sunday, silver skye terrier, answers to
name Pete. Liberal reward If returned to
247 Fell st. , ■' ■
BY poor woman, near ■ Eighteenth and Castro
sts purse containing small • sum. Finder
please return to 486 Castro St.; reward.
SEALSKIN purse belonging : to widow < con-
taining money and valuables, between Green-
wich st. and Montgomery aye. , Return same
to 619 Greenwich St.; reward.. ._ ■ ■ ;•.
LOST— On Hyde St., a Dent watch. Return to
J. H. MEREDITH, 707% : Hyde St., • and re-
ceive $30 reward. ' : j; - : -" •'--*•■• '■ '.. y' .' ■'-■■*/..]
LOST— A pass-book : with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name, of MRS. - GEORGIANA McILWAIN.
. No. 199,893. The finder will please ; return to
;■ bank. ■•_■ ■..-.. ..': :- ; --■'•.'■■■ -."""': '■:''. -."■' •■■' '.''.".'■'■■
LOST— Liberty, ' Valencia, Twenty-first or
Mission st. ; late Friday : afternoon, a lady's
gold watch and fob. Return to 2534 Mission
st. and receive reward. j
p\- PERSONALS. i " -
MARRY; National Matrimonial Club; pri-
vate list. 2c; many worth $50,000. Box 1001,
: Denver, Colo. - :
ELECTRIC sealskin . jackets to order, \ $50.
: MARX'S Fur Store. 957 Market st. ■
I MAKE it my aim to please each and every
one; hairdresslng, 25c only: hair restored to
its natural color from $1 50 up; good switches.
• $1; finest. $3 50; extra, $5: open Sunday, 9 to
12. G. LEDERER. 11l ■ Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Quinonia cleanses the scalp; has
no equal. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton St.'
JOSEPH GREVEN'S • vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly. In advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only . for those who start in
before the beginning of the season— L c.,
'.August 10. 1236, Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; hairdresslng. popular ' prices.
HOME in confinement; : diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
"" ■ MATRIMONY. ,' ■
_ DRESSMAKERS. \
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D.,
branch Call office. 387 Hayes st. : ■ - .
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. .__i
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, $5
- up; dresses made over. 3 Edfly St.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
— — DR. F. CLARK
Unrivaled.
Trance Clalrv< --ant and Medium.
While entranced she will reveal every hidden
mystery in life; will show you how to over-
come your enemies, remove family troubles,
restore lost affections; unites the separate, re-
covers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. perfect
action guaranteed . by mall, bend stamp
for circular with special terms.
Rooms 25 and 26, 1206 Market street.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed rvme-
dleß, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses diMase; full life reading: la.
60c. gents $1; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
2.'c. 221 Sixth st. ■
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 426 Tehama
St.. near Fifth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st.. room 10.
MME. LENEMAR, fortune by planets; pre-
dicted in '74 overdue steamer. 23% Sixth, r. 6.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c; ladies only. 23 Ash aye.
Mill' SODAN, Scotch seeress, card reader and
palmist: from 9 to 8. 619 Eddy st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 26c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never falls: advice; help. 929 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. PEELY, grand test meeting: to-night,
Cambrian Hall. 1133 Mission St.. 10c.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
. sittings dally. 212 Vi Sixth »t.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Height st.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia' st.; read-
lngs. $1: clr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m.; Sat. 8: 25c.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER: readings dally with full
explanations, at 353 Geary st., between
Powell an«l Mason.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings daily at resi-
dence, 353 Henry fit.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate Mid approve this method , . prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains,
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Koarny and Sutter
Ftß., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ; __
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago, is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 20 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical- instruments of all. grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■
MARSHALL & WENDELL, $75; C. Hall,
$100; Bradbury," $130; Neuman, $145; Sterling,
$135; Estey, $190: guaranteed: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ.&. SON, Chlckering agents,
16 O'Farrell st. : . .'
A FEW Snaps— Fisher, $40; Emerson, $50: Dew-
ing Bros., $150; elegant new piano, $175: the
best cash bargains -in the city. THE J.
DEWING CO., second floor. Flood building.
WE invite critical examination;. new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary st.;
corner Grant aye., Connover agents.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our -rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 76D Market st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister St.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A— FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St.. cor. Tenth.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; 1 wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. ■
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St..
next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. -
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR SALE— a young milch cow, at 619
Seventh st. . .
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. __ j
A ' FINE thing for a present; full line of
graphophones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
A- CO., 813 Emporium building. . . ,
5 PARLOR , chairs ;in first-class condition. Call
for 2 days, between • 1 and 3, at 263 Brannan.
FOR SALE— black walnut bedroom set,
■ four pieces, springs. $20. 2621 Pine st.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records. $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-946 Market.
LAUNDRY machinery. engines. electl
goods; new. 2d hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
J R. POOL, housemover, dealer second-hand
building material.- 1124 Mission: tel. So. 787.
SAFES Bargains In new ami second hand; all
sizes; half original cost 109-111 Market,' S. F.
BARS showcases, counters, shelving, \. : etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission st-.nr. Seventh.
- sis WIN Q~ MACHINES. ~~
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, '. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission St.
$2 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone - Mint 45.
ALL kinds, bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.*
PHYSICIANS. ; ■ v;v;
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and ' residence,
1206 Market; I diseases lof - women | a specialty.
■■ . . .-■ ■-. . . i--. 1 " -■-.-■•. _.■-■■. ■-■* •■&«•*«:« »*£*«!
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2000 — ONE-SIXTH cash, balance small
monthly payments; 4 rooms and bath cottage
finished complete with every modern conve-
nience; lot 25x114. on Twentieth St., near Castro.
$3600—1500 CASH, balance installments: a
large 6-room 2-story house with high finished
basement; highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
street accepted; choice loc/ition. Castro st.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON, 709 Castro st.
BAY "window cottage. 5 rooms; St. Mary aye.;
Mission cars; $1500 (keys at grocery); $15
monthly. 413 Kearny st.
MUST be sold; cottage 6 sunny rooms and
bath; high basement: front and back garden;
everything in first-class order: street work
all done; part cash; lot 2iixl37:S. 2SIB Bush
St., between Baker and Lyon.
$325— LA HUE lot, 44x103:6. north line Howth St.,
near Geneva aye.; 2 car lines; Spring Valley
water; nice neighbors. Owner, 21 Powell, r. 1.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of bldg. W. Rednall. bldr.. 1326 Hayes.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATB.
$150 FOR 10 acres; payable $10 a month, with-
out interest or taxes; fine valley land, under
Irrigation canal; railroad runs through the
tract; fine fruit and farming land; only IS
tracts left; call immediately and secure one
before it Is too late. WESTERN LAND CO.,
640 Market St.
COUNTRY hotel* doing a good business in a
thriving town 50 miles from San Francisco.
Address "Hotel, box 3, Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS^
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
~
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
HANDSOME modem home; Just completed; 2-
story, 7-room; modern in every particular;
completely finished and specially well built;
lot 40x125; 3 minutes from local station, 20
minutes from San Francisco; one of the \
choicest residence localities in Oakland; easy-
monthly payments. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway^
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list. ■_
J. QLLAGHAK, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway
OAKLA..U HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms: bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; ent cheap; C9B-
tral; 589 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1«_ GroTa.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SI NNY rooms with board: quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALIC.
FURNITURE- — Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAB' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
AtAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMCUA REAL ESTATB.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x130; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath: any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new thingrled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2Soo— Lot 42x150; elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner: 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit treea, etc.
All well located; near school and station:
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
Houses to let. 14X2 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMKDA HOUSES.
HOUSE. 14 rooms, in Alameda; rent $2.".. 1729
Everett St. and Eagle aye.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GRAIN and fruit ranch, only 26 miles from
San Francisco, to exchange for San Francisco
or Oakland property. Address room 17, 407
San Pablo aye., Oakland. Cal.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY loaned in the city and neighboring
towns on real estate, furniture, pianos, etc.,
without removal; also on notes, diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc. ; any amount from
$10 up, on any good security; business done
quickly, privately and strictly confidential;
when you want a loan please call; no trouble
to explain full particulars; can pay back in
monthly payments if you desire; low rates
and honest dealing; no commission. CALI-
FORNIA MORTGAGE AND COLLATERAL
LOAN CO.. room 205, Examiner building.
LARGE: sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
rates of interest.
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies, interests under wills. & 2d _ 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discounted & all financial
business transacted. R. GOULD, 131 Mont'gy.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
>:< " i.NAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY rupectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. S4R Market St.: tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture nr pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential ; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission- $25 up;
private party. BONNE—LI, 130 Powell St.
ANY amount at n<A per cent on real estate: 2d
nnd 3d mortgages, estate?, real tstate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLQAN, '-'4 Montgomery, rm. 3.
SECOND mortagages and undivided interests in
estates a specially MURPHY. 63-3 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
850 TO $60,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — To borrow $6000 ait 6>£ per cent on
good city property. Box 291. Call.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
!>m years' practice: safe and quick cure gu^r-
unt'-eil: any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, J2.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price. $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In n few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment: *very case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self-cure. $5; pills, $1.
MRS. PR. WYETH. 20S Turk St., near Jones.
DR. WISE, late of BeHevue Hospital. N. V. ;
offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy st. ; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced lady attendants; strictest confi-
dence maintained all cages: consultation free.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause: no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fail;
every woman h?r own physician: away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores lnstantlv all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients: consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$160: RICHARDS &-CO.. 40« Clay St.; send
2c *tatnp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. , private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home fr treatment by Mrs.Knrr.
2514 Fulton st. ; McAllister car passes house.
MRS. ACIIARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, $K. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pu?tz; infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254Vs Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 122S Market St., diseases of women
and children.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
SELBORNE School for boys, San Rafael; best
equipped boarding school on the coast; sepa-
rate rooms; fine tables magnificent gymna-
sium; skilled teachers; bus meets all trains;
parents- Invited to inspect. For Illustrated
catalogue apply to . the principal, REV.
CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San Rafael. ■
I'OCAL i instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; terms beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For term*
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush- St..
near Jones. ~ . .
WEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand. . typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying.' etc.; 20 teachers 1100 grad-
: uates placed since 1592; catalogue. ■
A.YRES' Business College. 723 Market St.:
individual instruction in .shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
VIR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st. : co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art. $30.
A.N educated Parisienne lady will give French
lessons by the hour at home or at her resi-
dence: refined conversation; reasonable terms.
Box 403, Call office. ■ -, ■
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly: 50c an hour; excellent •pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavia st. . _______
UNIVERSITY Coast— Perry , Ph. B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month;, references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons, 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory In Lelpslc. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 811 Geary st.
$39 HAVES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam ' Carpet-Cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama at.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
I. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st. : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
gate aye.; tel. East 126.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication office*
and be Indorsed with the name and residence o£
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
SIMMONS— In this city. August 3, IMS, to th«
wife of S. I. Simmons, a daughter. ,-•■
MARRIED.
3ROSSE— In this city. August 1. 189$.
by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Louis Charles, Grossa
and Mrs. Carolina Rapp. »
KOOPMANN— UMLAND— In this city. August
6, ISPS, by Rev. J. Fuendelinsr, Peter Koop-
mann and Bertha Umland. " ■•}
MAIER— RICKMANN— In this city, by Rev.
J. Fuendellng, William C. Mater and Bertha,
Rickmann.
EIEBMANN— In this city, August
T. 1898, by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Charles W.
Rebmann and Mrs. Caroline Schiller.
3TAENOVICH— DAVIS— In this city, August 6.
1898. by Rev. J. Fuendeling, Kobert J. Staen-
ovlch and Ella M. Davis.
DIED.
Brady. Zella Provoet Langrehr, Mathilda
Carlson, Olga J. Lltten, William P.
Collins, John H. McCoy, George P.
Doyle, Catherine Meese, Hermann Jr.
De Witt. Elsie Mason, Blanca Clark
Foss, Sarah Russell. Rev. Mother
Johnston, Elizabeth Schintz, Henry ~ *
Kelly, Catherine Wedekind, George P.
Warden, John James
BRADY— In this city, August 7, 1898, Zella Pro-
vost, beloved wife of John Brady, and mother
of William McNab Brady, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 36 years.
CARLSON— this city, August 7, 1898, Olga
Josephine, beloved and youngest daughter of
Charles and Helma Carlson, and sister of
6«va and Frank Carlson, a native of Berke-
ley, Cat., aged 1 year 6 months and 27 days.
C_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 142 Natoma street. Interment Laurel
Hill : Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city, August 6, IS9S, John
H. Collins, a native of Delaware, aged 74
. years.
DOYLE— In this city. August 7. IS9B. at her
residence, 403 Grove street, Catherine, wife of
the late T. Doyle, a native of Ireland, aged
68 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. ->'.
DE WITT— In this city, August 7, 1898. Elsie,
daughter of William and Rosa De Witt, a
native of Coulterville, Muriposa County, Cal.,
aged 6 years.
FOSS— In this city, August 7, IS9B, Sarah Foss,
a native of Missouri, aged 52 years.
JOHNSTON— this city, August 5. Elizabeth,
dearly beloved wife of John Johnston and
mother of Mrs. J. H. Wilson, Samuel, Jenni«
E.. Matilda, Henry C. and John R. Johnston
and grandmother of Willie H. Wilson, a na-
tive of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 53
years and 5 months.
G_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 735 Minna street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Cypress La w.n. Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Ninth and Har-
KELLY— In this city, August 6. IS9S, Catherine,
beloved wife of Michael Kelly, and mother of,
John. Cornelius, Henry, Dan, Jerry and Char-
lie Kelly, Mrs. .1. A. Peterkin, Mrs. E. Rilley,
Mrs. T." RUley and the late Mrs. T. J. Duig-
nan. a native of Drumolege, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 68 years.
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), from her late residence, 232 Clara
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, whero
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANGREHR— In this city. August 6. ISBS, Ma-
thilda LanKrehr, beloved mother of Henry C.
Langrehr and Mrs. George Katz. a natlvs
of Hamburg. Germany, aged 60 years and I
months.
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite.l to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2001 Oak street. . Interment Masonic
Cemetery- .
__TT_N— Redding. August 2, 1898, William
P beloved husband of Amelia J. Litten, and
father of the late J. O. Lltten and Mrs. J.
G. Moodey. aged 63 years and 22 days.
klcCOY— ln this city, August 7. 1898. oCOrp P.,
dearly beloved son of John and Mary McCoy.
and brother of Johnny McCoy, a native of
San "Francisco, aged 1 month and 24 days.
4IEESE— In Santa Cruz, August 7, 1898, Her-
mann Meese Jr., aged 38 years.
_ASON— In Oakland, August 7. 1898, Blanca
Clark beloved wife of William C. Mason, and
mother of Mrs. W. P. Melvin, George H.
Mason and Mrs. A. Gove Roberts, and sister
of Charles Clark of Santa Marie, Cal., a na-
tive of Johnson, Vt. , aged 61 years 8 months
and 22 days. ' ' , ■■
try The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 306 East Fourteenth street. Interment
private.
RUSSELL— In this city, August 6, 1898. Rev.
Mother Mary Baptist Russell. . Sister of
Mercy, a native of County Down. Ireland,
■ aged 70 years. (London. England, Dublin
and Newry, Ireland, papers please copy.) .
E~The "funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the chapel of
St Mary's Hospital, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at the abova
hour. Please omit flowers. ~ ■
SCHINTZ— In this city, August 5. IS9S, Henry,
beloved husband of Bertha Schintz. and
father of Mrs. J. Kull and Ida. Henry. Clara,
Robert and Flora Schintz, a native of Zurich. .
Switzerland, aged 76 years 6 months and 8
days.
(CJ'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3258 Seventeenth street, between How-
ard and Mission. ' Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
SVEDEKIND — Chieo, Butte County, Cal.,
August 8, IS9B, George P., dearly beloved son
of Frank and Mary Wedekind, and brother
- of Mrs. G. W. Maxon, Mrs. A. Johnson and
Mrs. F. W. Bean, a native of Chico, aged ii
years 3 months and IS days.
SVARDEN— In the City and County Hospital.
August 7. 1888, John- James Warden, a native
of New York, aged 33 years. -,•■■■■.-;
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. • 1
UKEKAX, DIRECTOKS _ __BA_,MERJ I
il# 1 _TTH ST., Opp. Lineol iitu il I /
: Telephone, South 80. • : I
ii. is. m'avoy. Manager. - |
X ----- McflVOY «*: CO., i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMHB* I
• 1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. -^ ■  I
. - ,•■/.-. j Telephone, South 247. ■ -■• ■ -- ' " |
910
HAWAII'S
PEONS ARE
CITIZENS
Annexation Produces
Good Americans.
LABOR CONTRACTS TO HOLD
ABBIVAL OF THE HAWAIIAN
COMMISSION.
Senator Morgan Tells Why He Made
So Vigorous a Fight to Take
Hawaii Into the "Onion
of States.
Tho Hawaiian Commission, consisting
of Senators Cnllom and Morgan and Rep
resentative Hitt. arrived in this city last
night at five minutes after 11 o'clock on
the overland train that was more than
two hours lato. The party included Mrs.
6 M Cullom. Mrs. William B. Ridgely
Senator Cullom's daughter; J. Castle
Ridgely, the Senator's private secretary;
George W. Morgan, private secretary to
Senator Morgan; Mrs. R. R, Hitt, wife of
the Congressman; William Hitt, a son.
and Robert R. Hitt. another son, and the
Congressman's private secretary. The
officers of the commission accompanying
the commission aro Henry W. Hayes,
secretary. M. W. Blumenberg, official
stenographer; Albert S. Berry Jr., ser
•gjant-at-arms, and D. A. Ray, disbursing
officer.
When they left behind them the glaring
sands, the bleak alkali and the stunted
sagebrush of the Nevada desert and un
der a smiling sky of unfleckod blue passed
through the granite gates of California
Into the pines and vines and orange groves
of tho north they heaved a sigh of re
lief. .
"It's a lovely land to be In." said Con
gressman Hitt, "but one must cross a
fearful desert to get here."
At Auburn, where the train stopped for
a little while, a crowd of citizens greeted
the party from the platform with cheers,
and a committee of ladies of that lovely
village of the Sierra foothills brought
baskets of fruits and flowers to Mrs. Hitt,
Mrs Cullom and Mrs. William Ridgely,
daughter of Senator and Mrs. Cnllom.
An outburst of similar hospitality was
encountered at Sacramento, at which
place the train arrived at 0:45. The depot
was crowded with fair daughters of the
Capitol City. Mayor Land, Grove L.
Johnson. J. O. Coleman, City Trustee
Lawton. Messrs. Petrie, Beckwith and
others of the committee on reception in
vited the Commissioners to say a few
wi rds to the thousand Sacramentang who
had assembled there for the purpose of
>ming them. After a general hand
shaking and introduction speeches were
made from the rear platform of the car,
it having been found impossible to break
through the crowd that blocked the way
Three of the Five Commissioners Who Will Frame a Form of Government for the New
Island Territory.
Sketched From Life by a Call Artist.
to the depot balcony.
While chatting with the committee
some one asked Mr. Hltt his opinion re
garding the annexation of Hawaii, a ques
tion which the gentleman ignored by ask
ing why It was that California farmers
allowed oak trees to grow in their wheat
fields. He thought It a great ana unnec
essary waste of land. Some one replied
that the trees were aboriginal and that
they were allowed to stand in the fields
In order to prevent the grain from being
baked into pretzels, an answer which
amused the Commissioner.
The distinguished xontlemen, however,
said more in their speches from the back
platform of the car than they did in their
private conversations.
Senator Cullom, after thanking the Cali
•fornians for their hospitality, remarked
that he would not say a word as to what
the Commission intended doing, but he
would say that for very many years each
of them had been a strong advocate of the
annexation of Hawaii as a part of the
United States. They were under instruc
tions by the act of Congress to investi
gate and determine, so far as they were
able the character of legislation neces
sary- to be enacted by Congress for the
government of the islands.
Senator Morgan said that this would be
his second visit to Hawaii. The first had
been for the purpose of informing him
self as an American Senator whether or
not he ought to vote for its admission.
He had found that all American states
men with a single exception, which he aid
not care to mention, had been earnestly
.in favor of annexation. It was a work
that had developed itself under the prov
idence of God, and this Sabbath afternoon
could not be better occupied than in re
minding themselves of the facts which led
to the annexation of Hawaii.
"In IS2O a band of American mission
aries went to Hawaii and round a woman
there in the regency of the islands after
the death of Kamehameha I— a woman
who had redeemed her sex from the
abominations of the Tabu; had burned up
the idols; had destroyed the temples of
the ldolators, and had proclaimed, as far
as she was able, the liberty of her sex.
Thus was Initiated by a woman a Dolicy
wblch will continue until the Hawaiian
Islands have been thoroughly American
"We are going In there," continued the
Senator, "on a mission of peace and
brotherly love and to welcome Into the
Union a people who are worthy in ail
respects of being: ciflaens of the Unitea
States.
"I find that thin mlCTion ha* come to
fruitage sooner than I hoped it would, I
and 1 have no doubt that not many
months will pass before all antagonism
to the annexation of Hawaii will be dis
sipated. This mission of peace will bring
the fruit of righteousness both to the
people of Hawaii and to those of the
United States, and your own great State
of California will be benefited more than
any other State in the American Lrnion
Mr Hitt did not say anything about j
Hawaii, but as the time was short he;
confined himself to thanking the people
for their enthusiastic welcome.
Mr Hitt declined to be interviewed as
to what action the commission proposed !
to take. He had his own opinion, he
said, but that was private. The function
of the committee was investigation and j
to make recommendations to Congress on ,
their return from the islands. What those
recommendations would be he could not
state, nor did ho know. Jhey would de
pend entirely on the result of tho investi- |
6 M^Cullom gave a similar reply to ques- .
tions put by The Call reporter. .
Mr. Morgan took a similar tack b it he
was so full of the subject, so enthusias- j
tic over the cause of imnexation th.it ne
soon thawed out and frankly declared his
opinions. He could hot tell what the
commission intended doing, because they
had not held a meeting and would not
until they should co into -session in Hon
olulu with the commission appointed by
the late Hawaiian republic. TTn i tpd
"The benefits to accrue to the United |
States from annexation were numerous :
and far-reaching in their importance, "he
said, and he .lid not consider that the
westward limits of the nlte ' I .. Stat T P < ?,^ r s e
which we have acquired, and they are 600
miles west of Hawaii, so that they ac-
Kaify included Hawaii .within the.pur
view of the limits of the United States
and we annexed her We ought to fix the
western boundary of the I nited States,
and we may find It necessary to. acquire
other possessions."
The Senator then cited Pap-Pago, In
Samao. taken as a naval station. In that j
place the United States had title to the >
land around the margin of the bay and j
ouite a distance back. Being a commer
cial nation, we are obliged to have coal
ins and naval stations In different parts
of the world for repairs, drvdocks, etc., |
and being a commercial nation, j
we ' should use every means to sus- i
tain the efficiency of the navy for the \
protection of our commerce. Coming :
down to matters of more immediate con- ;
seauence to us I would say that Hawaii, >
heimr about 2000 miles from the principal j
; Dort of our Western coast, is a point !
: which In its strategic value is estimated
by military men and naval officers as in- ■,
dispensable to the security of our coast i
i if we should be involved in a foreign war ;
I as a place of supplies and refuge for our j
S "The strategic value of the Hawaiian :
• Islands for the defense of our coast is i
estimated by the best experts in our !
navy and army as being in a manner of j
tho 'very highest degree of importance, j
i Ships of* commerce want places to which j
they may go for repairs, for wood or j
coal or provisions or other supplies, and j
I Hawaii is the only pla.ee in the North i
WILL MAKE LAWS FOR HAWAII
Pacific where these things can be ob
tained. There is no reason why the Ha
waiian Islands should not take the same
relation to the commerce of the world,
particularly to commerce on the Ameri
can shores of the Pacific Ocean, as Hong
kong does to Asia, a port which in fifty
years sprung from a barren rock to be
one of the most important ports in the
world. I do not understand why we
should not be very anxious to acquire
Hawaii when we consider its value to
navigators and to commerce generally.
"Another important relation that Ha
waii bears to the United States and tho
whole of the Pacific Coast in particular
is the fact that it will be th% landing
place, and the only one, for these lines of
electrical cable that must supply the Paci
fic Coaat with naval intelligence. That is
one of the most excellent features of the
situation. No cable can be built from the
American continent to the Asiatic con
tinent without having a resting place
somewhere in midocean, and Hawaii i.s
the only place that is available in the
North Pacific. Cable lines under the con
trol of the United States from the Amer
ican coast to Hawaii will be joined there
by lines from the different points of the
Pacific Coast of Asia and Australia. It
seems to me that the advantages which
must flow from that plexus of cable com
munication arc of indispensable import
ance to the commerce of the world.
"As a mere piece of property," con
tinued the "it is of very great
value. It Is a comfortable support for one
and a half millions of people when Hono
lulu shall have become a port of great
importance to commerce. The productive
capacity of the island is most varied. 1
never saw any other country in which t
would prefer to live on account of climate,
scenery and great variety of products. So
that in looking over the advantages which
Hawaii will bring to the United States 1
can see to my own satisfaction at least
that they are numerous and great, and
when we come to consider the disadvan
tages I can conceive of none."
"How about admitting the Japanese
contract laborers in competition with
white laborers?" was asked.
"In its demand for labor as an agricul
tural country." replied the Senator, "the
proper plan of acquiring labor there is
from families who engage in agriculture
under some of its forms. The public
lands of Hawaii furnish the most induce
ments and incentives for poor men and
their families to locate there, these In
ducements being greater than those of
any other country that 1 know of. The re
mit will be that the islands will fill up
tTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 8, 1898.
with white people who will make com
fortable homes where they will raise
fruit, coffee and other articles of export,
me labor In the cities will be necessarily
of a migratory character, such as skilled
artisans, bricklayers, stonemasons, car
penters, etc. Contract labor, of course,
will have to disappear, but we will give
those people their rights. It is evident
that importing labor to sugar plantations j
und other industries must stop. So far as
the Japanese are concerned they have a
right to go there as they have a right to
come here. We legislate' against the Chi
nese in the United States, and that bar
rier will operate against them in Hawaii
as it does here. The Hawaiian Govern
ment has prohibited their importation."
"How about the Japanese laborers now
there working on contracts?" was asked.
"As I understand it," replied Senator
Morgan, "although I will not be positive
that it is the fact, these contracts pro
vide that the Japanese at the end of the
terms of their contracts will be returned
home. But they are entitled to their
rights under those contracts, and they
will he allowed to work them out. Annex
ation does not annul any private con
tracts. It abrogates treaties made be
tween Hawaii and other powers. So the
Japanese will be allowed to work under
the contract system until the expiration
of the existing contracts."
"Will all those persons who are now
citizens of Hawaii be made citizens of
the United States also by annexation?"
"Yes." replied the Senator. "All those
persons who are now citizens of Hawaii
will become citizens of the United States
by annexation."
The party will leave for Honolulu on
the 10th of* this month on the Mariposa,
and will remain in the islands a month
or six weeks making their Investigations.
To-morrow evening the Union League
Club will entertain the commission.
SHOT BY HIS COUSIN.
Wong Kirn Chee, a Restaurant Keep
er, Seriously Wounded at a
Theater.
Wong Kirn Chee, who owns a restau
rant at 29 Waverly place, was shot In the
back by his cousin, Wong Ah Due, at the
Jackson-street Theater last evening. The
shooting will probably be the Deglnnlng
of a family feud, as relatives of the men
say If the wounded Chinaman dies there
will be no need for a trial, as Wong Ah
Due will be killed.
The shooting took place about 11:30
o'clock and Officers Peters and Fowle,
who were on the corner of Kearny and
Washington streets, hearing the shot im
mediately rushed to the theater. They
had some trouble In gaining an entrance,
as the place was crowded and friends of
the would-be murderer blocked the way
until he escaped through a back door.
The wounded man was removed to the
Harbor Hospital, where Doctors Hill and
Zabala dressed the injury. The ball,
which was from a 41-caliber Colts re
volver, is lodged in the muscles of the
back.
When asked to write down the name of
his assailant Wong Kirn Chee refused to
do so. but asked that his friend, Wong
Yen Kee. a restaurant keeper on Clay
street, be called. Wong Sam, another
cousin of the wounded Chinaman, gave I
the information to the police as to the |
name of the man who did the shooting.
He said that he did not know just what
the trouble between the two cousins was.
but he knew that there had been two :
other quarrels during the day. Wong
Ah Due, according to Wong Sam, is a
highbinder and has been thirsting for,
blood for some time.
The police have a good description of
Woßg Ah Due and expect to have him
in the prison within a short time.
Wong Kirn Chee's wound win probably
be fatal.
The famous old JESBK MOORB WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use becaue It In pure.
THE WONDERFUL
"VENTRILOPHONE"
EDWARD BELLAMY'S PROPHECS
IS FINALLY FULFILLED.
An Augmented Telephone Which Dis
tinctly Throws the Various
Sounds Into All Parts
of a Boom.
The prophecy of Edward Bellnmy in his
famous socialistic novel "Looking Back
ward" has been fulfilled, in one partic
ular at least, before the dawn of the
twentieth century; and notwithstanding
all the inventive genius that has been
devoted to the working out of the diffi
cult problem, it has remained for a San
Franciscan to solve it. The invention
is called the ventrilophone.
It is an amplification of the telephone,
and by its use the ear-piece required in
the telephone is obviated and the neces
sity of using the hands during conver
sation is removed. In other words, the
Imagination of Bellamy has become a
reality, as speech over the ventrilophone
is made clearly audible in all parts of
the room and when the house is quiet
can be heard in an adjoining apartment
with the connecting door» closed.
Sound Is received from a disc some
PREFERRED DEATH TO SUSPECTED SHAME.
Mrs. Augusta Rohlfs Ends Her Life When Mistrusted by
Her Husband.
eight inches In diameter against the wall,
but so perfect is the vibration that it ap
parently comes from a person invisible
at that end of the room. The ventrilo
phone is different In principle from th«
telephone, which reduces the volume or
sound and merely mimics the voice to a
limited extent, whereas the ventrilophone
can be made to fully equal the voice if
desired. It can be used in conjunction
with or Independent of the telephone, as
may be desired.
No bell is necessary, as a call is as
audible to occupants of the room as if
the person speaking were present. People
who are prevented from using the tele
phone on account of slight deafness have
no trouble whatever in working" the ven
trilophone several feet distant.
This remarkable Instrument, which em
bodies In its mechanism the vibratory
qualities of the banjo, guitar and organ,
is simple in construction and takes up
about the same space on the wall as a
telephone. Unlike the "hello" machine,
however, conversation can be carried on
at several feet distance from the new
talk transmitter.
Aside from its value for business pur
poses it fulfills the Bellamy prophecy in
that through its strange powers one can
sit at home and enjoy the music of con
cert or opera and receive the full volume
and value of the tones. It is a wonderful
creation and the possibilities of its im
provement are almost boundless.
The inventor is A. C. Robbins, a well
known electrician of this city, connected
with the Automatic Fire Alarm Com-
pany. He will leave for Chicago in a
few days to arrange for placing the ven
trilophone on the market.
SHE INHERITED A
SUICIDAL MANIA
MRS. COWING KILLS HERSELF
AFTER SIX ATTEMPTS.
Three Members of Her Family Before
Her Put an End to Their
Lives.
Mrs. E. Cowing, who resided at 464
Bryant street, committed suicide yester
day by taking carbolic acid, and her hus
band can give no reason for her act ex
cept that she was from a family afflicted
with a suicidal mania.
W. B. Cowin, the husband of the dead
woman, owns a grocery at 931% Folsom
street which he purchased about three
weeks ago when he came here from New
York. He says that the grandmother,
uncle and sister of his wife all killed
themselves with no apparent motive. Mrs.
Cowing was of a very nervous tempera
ment and has tried to end her life six
times before the successful attempt of
yesterday.
■ The carbolic acid was taken about 11
o'clock in the morning, and when Mrs.
Cowing was discovered she appeared to
be dying. Dr. E. W. Thomas was called
in and succeeded In keeping the woman
alive until 4 o'clock in the afternoon,
when she passed away.
Mrs. Cowing was 37 years of age and
was born in Illinois, where her husband
married her. She had no children.
A Flag Parade Benefit.
J. R. Rlnes, the oldest letter carrier on
the Pacific Coast, has volunteered to give
a flag parade for the Red Cross benefit
at the Odd Fellows" Hall, on the evening
of August 13. He will appear in full let
ter carrier's uniform, as he does in the
Fourth of July processions.
Heaven tempers the wind alike to the
Bmoo'h faced man an<J %hfi populist.
MRS. ROHLFS'
TRAGIC SELF
DESTRUCTION
Remorse Caused Her
to Commit Suicide.
STOOD BEFORE A MIRROR
HER BODY FOUND IN A ROOM
BATHED IN BLOOD.
Accused of Misconduct by Her Hus
band, She Fires a Bullet Into
Her Head — The Man's
Statement.
Accused by her husband of being too
friendly with another man, Augusta So
phia Rohlfs, a native of Denmark, aged
33 years, coir.mitted suicide last evening
by shooting herself in the head. The deed
was done at 322 McAllister street, whero
the Rohlfs lived.
Shortly after noon yesterday a young
tailor named Simon O. Meier visited the
Rohlfs, intending to spend the afternoon.
He had his wheel with him, and as Rohlfs
was feeling restless he suggested that he
take his bicycle and go for a spin through
the Park. Rohlfs accepted the offer, and
was gone for several hours.
As he returned and entered the room
in which were Meier and Mrs Rohlfa he
noticed that the latter was laboring under
some great mental excitement. Meier did
not attempt to offer an explanation, but
looked rather sheepishly at the indignant
husband.
Rohlfs Immediately left the room, but
returned In a few minutes to find Meier
gone. More convinced than ever that his
suspicions were correct Rohlfs, in a
paroxysm of rage, demanded of his wife
to tell him what had happened.
As did not reply, Rohlfs, who was
scarcely able to control his temper, again
left the room to "cool off," as he ex
pressed it. He walked from the house
along McAllister to Polk. Determined to
compel his wife to speak Rohlfs returned
and as he was about entering the room
he was startled by a pistol shot.
Not thinking that his wife had shot her
self he summoned the landlady, and they
proceeded to make an investigation. In
the meantime one of the roomers in the
house, suspecting that Mrs. Rohlfs had
Bhot herself, tried to open the door of
her room, but found It locked from the
inside. Throwing his shoulder against
the door he succeeded in forcing it. As
he entered he discovered Mrs. Rohlfs
lying on the floor, her head resting
against the bureau. There was a gaping
wound on the right side of her head, and
in her hand she tightly held a cheap
bulldog revolver with one chamber empty.
From the nature of the wound it is sup
posed that death was instantaneous.
On a table in the room were two empty
glasses, which had contained beer. There
was also a large piece of cheese and sev
eral slices of bread, showing that the
couple were having a "spread" while
Rohlfs was enjoying himself with Meier's
wheel in Golden Gate Park.
Rohlfs was heart broken when he was
told that his wife was the victim of the
shot he had heard.
"It's too bad," he moaned. "I didn't
think poor Augusta would do such a
rash act. That fellow, Meier, who I
Bupposod was my friend, is the cause of
it. He had me take hiß wheel out to the
park, and when 1 returned he sneaked
out of the house without even saying |
good-by to me.
"His actions made me suspicious, and
j when my wife refused to offer any ex
planation I became convinced that some
thing was wrong."
Meier became acquainted with Mrs.
Rohlfs some time ago. They both worked
in a tailoring establishment on Mission
street, and seemed to be on very friendly
terms.
Rohlfs says he bought the pistol with
which his wife killed herself several
I weeks ago. She feared that burglars
' would enter the house, and to be pre
| pared for them she induced her husband
i to buy the weapon.
Meier declares that he is innocent of the
i imputation cast upon him by Rohlfs, and
. claims that his relations with Mrs. Rohlfs
were purely platonic.
THE ODD FELLOWS'
RELIEF COMMITTEE
ITS BENEFICIAL WORK IN THE
PAST SIX MONTHS.
Election of Officers to Serve for the
Current Term — A Banquet and
Responses to Many Toasts.
The seml-anmial meeting of the San
Francisco relief committee of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows was held
yesterday in Eureka Hall, Odd Fellows'
building, and there was present a large
number of delegates from the local
lodges, as well as visitors from the Inte
rior.
The semi-annual reports of the several
officers were read. From theso it was
shown that during the past six months
tho committee attended to 301 cases, a.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■;
NEW CLOTHS
FOR
FALL, 1898,
We have just opened a large shipment of a
very superior quality LADIES' CLOTH, 52 inches
* A
mt Price, $1.00 Per Yanl
I lluuj tpltVrVr lul Idlll
The above cloths are in the following
shades :
Napoleon, Army, Royal,
Cadet, Navy, Marine,
Myrtle, Olive, Hunters,
. Sage, i Seal, Golden,
Tabac, Fawn, Tan,
Mode, Slate, Gray,
Garnet, Cardinal, Black.
=
SPECIAL!
10 cases best quality Domet Tennis
Flannel, good patterns.
7!>c yard.
Regular prico 10c yard.
SPECIAL!
Our entire stock of Ladies' Shirt
Waists, reduced to less than HALF
PRICE.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
larger number than ever before. On the
31st of last January there was in the
general fund $288 24, and during the six
months there was received on account
of that fund $7695 25. making a total of
J7953 49 Of this amount $74,3 80 was ex
pended for benefits to sick members lead
ing at the end of the term $389 fiS in that
fund In the friendship fund at the be
ginning of the term there was $222 M and
the receipts for the term were $3os 3...
From this fund, which is used for the
purpose of making donations to members
of the order who are in distress, or to
deserving relatives of deceased mem
bers, the sum of $315 15 was drawn, leav
ing a balance of $232 14 on hand
•The following were elected officers for
the current term: J. A. Wll son of Fidel
ltv Lodge, president: A. G. Clarke of Cal
ifornia IxHlge. vice president: J. P. Nich
ols of Parker I^rlge, secretary (re-elect
ed) and Henry Neubauer of A erna Buena
Lodge, treasurer. After the installation
of the officers L. L. Remy of Franco-
Amerlcaine Lodge, the retiring president,
was, by Louis Kragon. retiring treas
urer presented on behalf of the commit
tee a fine set of silver table service in
recognition of his attention to the many
duties of the office. -d^v,!--*
There were addresses by J. h- Roblnet.
grand warden of Sncramento; Dr Re
gensberger. J. H. Gray. W. A. S. Nichol
son D. Decker of Fresno, during which
presents were made to Louis Kragen,
the retiring vice president
An enjoyable banquet followed.
lEPBESjiNTS DEWEY'S VICTORY
The Swedish-American Society Gives
Its Annual Picnic at Harbor
View.
The fifth annual outing of the Swedish-
American Benevolent and Military Soci
ety, under the auspices of the uniform
rank, K. G. 8. , was held at Seaside Gar
dens yesterday. The committee, consist-
Ing of Captain N. H. Olson, chairman;
D. Molander, A. M. Wallen, Charles E.
Johnson and E. A. Wallen, did every
thing in its power to make the affair a
success.
An address was delivered by Captain
OJson In the afternoon in which Ameri
can patriotism was overflowing 1 . The
principal feature of the day was in the
representation of Admiral Dewey's victory
In .the harbor of Cavite. It took place on
the water of the bay. A miniature fort
was erected with three boats flying the
Spanish colors snugly at anchor lying in
the shelter of the fort at the time that
Dewey arrived with his five American
warships, which were manned by Julies
Peirson, as Admiral Dewey on board the
Olympla: Captain A. M. Wallen of the
Baltimore; Captain E. M. Wallen
of the Raleigh; Captain Charles
Ringberg of the Concord, and
Captain P. Brown of the Boston.
Gus Anderson had the inglorious honor of
representing the Spanish admiral, while
Charles Anderson and Charles J. H. Berg
were the unfortunate captains of the
three Spanish men-of-war whirh were de
stroyed In Manila Bay. The arrival of
the American ships was the signal for
the Spanish fort to open fire. This was
followed by the Spanish ships. Then the
batteries from Pncle Sam's marine de
stroyers were let loose, and in a few min
utes" only the smoking ruins of the Span
ish fort and ships remained.
Otts Meets Granfield To-Night.
To-night Billy Otts of the Excelsior
Athletic Club and Jack Gnnfleld of the
San Francisco Athletic Club will battle
for supremacy before the Alpine Athletic
Club at Its rooms. 2S Golden Gate avenue.
That this bout will he a rat til: g good one
is assured, as the boys have met b»-r.>rt.
and neither obtained a decision. Both
have Improved greatly and each ha? a re
spect for the other's punching ability.
They are two-handed ttghters and win
surely mix thirds, thus affording those
who attend a lively evening's entertain
ment. Emll Dahl and Charley Johnson,
two promising lads, will appear in a pre
liminary.
Socialist Meeting.
The Socialists' Labor party met last j
night at Washington Hall. W. J. Martin
spoke on the "Development of Industry.
He was followed by George Speed who
discoursed on general topics. The pro
gramme had to be varled f on account :
the absence of several of the |geaJtera
who were down addles. Progress ■
was reported In the management of the
gubernatorial fight. Job Harrlman the
nominee of the - Socialist party for Gov
ernor, has organised four sections In the
southern i part of ; the State ,f nd^Strann
Hamilton haa done as. much in the north, i
BQWEN
The tea tax won't last long It
the war ends soon but we'll pay
It while It does last and you save
ten cents on every pound of tea'
bought here.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Coffee— Crescent blend 200
regularly 25c lb ground or roast
A good cqffee— all coffee —
roasted. Never before have we sold "*
a fresh or ground coffee for 20c a pound
Fruit jars— Lightning |nts £OC
reg'ly 75c and $1 50 doz *»* $ I 2$
> Time of year to put up fruit
Can't have better jars than Lightning
Rye Whiskey— 1886 •-.
reg'ly special
bottle $1 50 $1 15
gallon "iJS* 6 450
Bourbon whiskey— Old Crow 1889
reg'ly special
bottle $1 50 $1 15 ;
gallon 5 4 oo
Pure as the older kind, made in 1881
Port and Sherry— imported *
regularly $1 bottle 3 bottles $2
We know it's good because we
bottle it
Lemons— very scarce dozen 2£C
Have a Napa soda lemonade
\ Your system requires the acid of
tenons frequently
Bacon-**"* ' ■- . " i 7 c
regularly 20c lb after this sale
If we could find better bacon for our
trade we'd do it
LobsterS-star flats 20C
regularly 25c tin. For lobster salad
Figs, spiced 2^c
regularly 30c quart
Figs are a most healthful food, mildly
f laxative; good to eat
PutZ-pomade— reg'ly 75c doz I^OC
Universal metal polish, no grit
Polishes brass better than any other
polish
Oil cloth for tables : ST^ teor
regularly ii yards wide 25c yard 20c
il i* " 35c " 25c
Brighten up the kitchen it cheers the
cook and that helps make a good meal
Perfumery— reg'ly 50c bottle 40c
Violet's triple extracts (maker's name
pronounced Vee-o-lay) assorted odors
Made in Paris
Toilet SOap— reg'ly 50c dozen 40C
London Transparent Glycerine
containing 30 per cent glycerine
Mai! orders entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday
43; Pine 215 Sutter 2SOO California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
iP^i^ PP%^ PP^il
!■ i'fe ITl^ rift
- "1 'O si s! ■ /S3 ''m
way" » Ready Relief for Sprains. Bruise*
Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns. Sunburns, Back
ache. Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu
ralgla. Lumbago. Internally tor all Bowa
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholon
Morbui and SlcUaeaa. Nausea, etc. All drtlf
ClfU. -- . ;/ . - . *-.. ■