VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 135.
THE HOUSE IS FOR WAR.
THE SENATORS HESITATE
SPAIN RESENTS
INTERVENTION BY
THE UNITED STATES
Ministers Talk of Peace, but the
Situation Is Looked Upon
at Madrid as Grave.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, April 13.— The view
taken here of President McKinley's
message is exceedingly serious, and
although some apparently think that
the President may be given full pow
ers to intervene, the period at which
intervention shall take place is un
defined, depending upon results and
events.
Popular appreciation of the situa
tion was expressed to-day by a polit
ical leader, who said: "Does Presi
dent McKinley intend to take Cuba
immediately?"
The Cabinet meeting to-day lasted
five hours, and it is said was mainly
devoted to the consideration of Presi
dent McKinley's message to Congress
on the Cuban question. "When the
Ministers adjourned an official note
was issued setting forth the views of
the Government. It is variously
commented upon and interpreted in
newspaper circles.
In brief, the note sets forth that
the Cabinet has granted an extraor
dinary credit for war purposes and
has incidentally increased the grant
for the artillery of Porto Rico.
The Minister of the Interior, Senor
Capdepen, gave the official version of
the events here on Sunday and Mon
day, and also made a report of the oc
currences in some of the provincial
towns.
After disposing of current affairs,
the Premier, Senor Sagasta, desig
nated two of the Ministers to imme
diately draw up an address to the
crown.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs,
Senor Gullon, at the request of Senor
Sagasta, made a report of the state
of affairs in his department, which
the Premier thought should occupy
the first place in the debates of the
Cabinet.
Senor Gullon read a report of the
text of President McKinley's mes
sage. After referring to the Presi
dent's previous message, which was
considered necessary in order to fill
up the gaps in the political sum
mary, it was decided that the .para
graphs read were sufficient for the
Cabinet to affirm that the Govern
ment refuses to acknowledege the
right of the United States to inter
fere in Cuba, adding:
"The declarations in the message
are incompatible with the sover
eignty and rights of the nation, and
are an interference in the internal
affairs of this country."
The Spanish Government, how
ever, expressed the opinion that it is
not called upon to take action until
the recommendations ot President
An American Torpedo-Boat on a Night Scent Off Havana Harbor.
DON CARLOS
WILL FIGHT
MADRID, April IS.— Don Car
los has issued a manifesto. In the
course of which he says:
"The carlist who in the face
of war with the United States
would rise In arms against
Spain, is a traitor. If war oc
curs all th who fight against
the foreigner who insults us will
deserve well of Carlos. If the
Spanish Government does not
venture into war, but permits
the loss of Cuba, then t' i Car
lists who do not respond to the
voice of the King will also be
traitors. If the Government will
not take up the glove thrown
down by "Washington the King
himself will come to Spain; and
if he cannot get soldiers he will
get volunteers from the pro
vinces to defend the honor ' the
country."
McKinley have become specific acts.
Thus it is considered by the Span
iards here that matters are practi
cally as they were before the mes
sage was sent to Congress, and the
opinion is expressed in official circles
that neither the message nor last
night's Cabinet meeting has changed
the prospect of peace.
The Spanish Government consid
ers that, apart from its solemn af
firmation of Spain's rights as a na
tion, the Ministers are not called
upon to make any declaration so long
as the resolutions of Congress or the
initiative of President McKinley do
not lead to concrete acts.
The official note also says: "A
firm consciousness of its rights,
united with the resolution to main
tain them, will inspire the nation as
they inspire the Government, with
the serenity necessary in these diffi-
I cult moments to direct successfully
and defend energetically the sacred
interests which are the patrimony of
the Spanish race."
The Minister of War, General Cor
rea, Rnd the Minister of Marine, Ad
miral Bermejo, submitted reports re
lating to the measures taken toward
mobilizing all the forces of the coun
try.
There is absolutely no truth in the
report that General Weyler has been
called to Madrid.
The Bourse closed very weak. The
opinion of the Ministers is more op
timistic than at first, as the full text
of the message has been received and
digested. Even those who took a
gloomy view of the document, now
express themselves as more hopeful.
I sum up public opinion, kowe ver,.
The San Francisco Call
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898 - TWENTY PAGES.
PRIVATEERS TO
BE DISPATCHED
TO THE PACIFIC
Purpose of the Spanish Govern
ment in Buying the Ships of
the German Lines.
NEW YORK, April 13. — A Washington special to the Herald says:
Official confirmation was given to-day to the Herald's exclusive announce
ment this morning of the departure of the armored cruisers Vizcaya and
Almirante Oquendo from Porto Rico for the Cape Verde Islands, where the
Spanish torpedo-boat flotilla is lying. It is said they left San Juan five days
ago and are expected to arrive at their destination within the next two or
three days.
In accordance with instructions given by the Spanish Minister of Marine,
the mobilization of the Spanish naval force at Cadiz continues. Official in
formation was received at the Navy Department to-day of the arrival at that
point of the steel battleship Pe/ayo. This force will be further increased by
the auxiliary steamers Normania and Columbia, which ought to arrive at
Cadiz to-morrow. Spain is scurrying the European market for desirable
merchant ships which can be transformed into auxiliary cruisers. This
official information reached the authorities here to-day from Lieutenant A. P.
Niblack, Naval Attache in Berlin.
No confirmation has been received of the rumored purchase by Spain of
the Saale and Spree of the North German Lloyd line. Should it prove true,
and should war break out within the next few days, it can be stated on ex
cellent authority that the Saale, at least, will never fly the Spanish flag. Ac
cording to the Herald's shipping news, the Saale will arrive at New York on
Saturday next. With hostilities in progress and with the knowledge that the
Saale has been sold to Spain, there is no doubt that the Government would
seize the vessel at New York and impress her into the American naval
service. The Spree is believed to be in German waters, so it would be im
possible to reach her.
Besides the Spree, the Saa/e, the Normania and the Columbia, Germany
has other merchant ships especially built for conversion into auxiliary
cruisers, and which it is believed here her agents are inspecting. These in
clude the Fuerst Bismarck of 10,500 tons, the Augusta Victoria of 10,300
tons, belonging to the Hamburg-American line, and the Kaiser Friedrhh of
12,800 tons and twenty-one knots, and the Havel of 8900 tons and nineteen
knots, belonging to the North German Lloyds.
Confidence is expressed by the authorities that Spain is purchasing these
vessels not so much for duty as auxiliary cruisers as for service as privateers.
There is little doubt that an attempt would be made to dispatch them to the
Pacific with a view to harassing American commerce on that side.
as stating ■' that pretty unanimously
it considers the message exceedingly
harshly worded. ;V; V
At a reception given by the Queen
Regent at i. the , palace this afternoon
to the members of '! the Congress of !
■Hygiene, :■ sitting, here, special atten- i
tion was paid to 1 the accredited ;dele
gates ,of : the medical department of
the army and navy of ; the United
States; Major Girard and Medical Di- |
rector Tryon. The latter was asked !
for by the Queen Regent and granted
a brief private audience. .
v'"-f Happening •; to note '- the .; departure I
of General Woodford from his private
residence ' I was struck with ; the spe
cial marks <of courtesy and ; respect
paid to him by the civil guards, who,
in small numbers, guard the street
cm which, hje lives, ami izhp. .saluted
and presented arms with special
alacrity.
It is announced that an official tel
egram has been recsived from the
Philippine Islands, saying that a se
rious outbreak has taken place in
Fulean, and that the insurgents have
seized the telegraph station, the op
erators barely escaping with their
lives. Troops have been sent to
quell the outbreak.
Nevada's Soldiery Is Ready.
CARSON. April 13.— The Nevada
militia is fully equipped from the State
arsenal and ready to move on short no
tice in case of emergency. An infantry
company has been organized at Elko
and equipments shipped. A private cav
alry troop is to be organized in Carson
City. Governor Sadler personally vol
unteered to supply the horses for the
trooD
ONE DAY'S DELAY
BEFORE THE FINAL
PLUNGE IS MADE
To-Day Congress Will Put the Matter
Once More Into the Hands
of the President.
Both Houses Will Declare for Intervention With
Arms, Which Spain Has Said She Can
Under No Circumstances Tolerate.
NEW YORK, April 13.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: Congress is plunging rapidly
in the direction of war.
It is all war talk again to-night.
There is not even the element of de
lay which yesterday offered some hope
of peace. Both houses are rushing
madly ahead. They are responding to
the President's message promptly and
emphatically, and going far beyond
what the President hoped for or ex
pected. With the American Congress
bent on war, the Spanish Government
making no headway under the armis
tice proposition, and the Spanish Cortes
soon to meet and thereby complicate an
already excited condition in Spain, it is
hard to figure out a single hope for
pcav.c.
Congress is almost sure to direct
armed intervention. This means war.
In what form intervention will be au
thorized is not yet definitely settled.
There are details yet to be effected in
the House and Senate resolutions, but
the form of words makes little differ
ence. Both the resolutions of the Sen
ate and the House imply the same ef
fort on the part of the United States.
Anything that Congress may do,
the least thing Congress can do, in
its present temper, would mean armed
intervention at once and this will not
be accepted by Spain as anything less
than a hostile act.
The House acted promptly by an
overwhelming majority. There may be
some delays in the Senate in reaching
a final vote, but the consideration of the
grave subject will not lag. Beginning
to-morrow, the Senate will hold con
tinuous session until a vote has been
taken. Senator Chandler gave notice
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy and cooler on Thurs
day; heavy fog In the morning; fresh
westerly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 78 degrees
Portland 6S degrees
Los Angeles 9R degrees
San Diego Bfi degrees
Sacramento S3 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
The House Is for "War.
Spain Resents Intervention.
Privateers for the Pacific.
SECOND PAGE.
The Report of the Minority.
Flying Squadron to Practice
May Buy the Steamer Chlni
Firm Pleas for Peace.
General Lee an Observer.
Pope Leo Troubled.
London Press Comment.
THIRD PAGE.
Representatives Have Acted.
Monroe Doctrine Enlarged.
War Talk In thp Senate.
FOURTH PAGE.
Belew to Die in June.
Thought He Was Buried Alive.
Women Sell Stolen Ore.
Wllett Will Go to Folsom.
Oregon Republicans Quarrel.
FIFTH PAGE.
A Storm-Tossed Bark Arrives.
News Along the Water Front.
Troops Ready to March.
Robbed by a Woman in Bfack.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Hot Wave and Its Effects.
Better Prospects for Wlnemo
The Minority Marplots.
The Valley Road.
Melntosh and Haymond.
Pacific Coast Fisheries.
Fables Without Morals.
Stories of the Corridors.
SEVENTH PAGBi.
News From Across the Bay.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deatht.
TENTH PAGE.
A Chinese Shanghaied.
The Tugs in Governmental Hands.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
A Chinese Eviction.
New Deal on the Comstock.
Huntington Consolidates the Roads.
TWELFTH PAGE.
The New Charter.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
Railroads Must Report.
Setback for Director Waller.
The Corona on Fire In Port.
THESE RESOLUTIONS
MAY MEAN A WAR
TO SET CUBA FREE
WASHINGTON, April 13. — This Is the resolution
passed to-day by the House of Representatives:
"WHEREAS, The Government of Spain for three
years past has been waging war on the island of Cuba
against a revolution by the inhabitants thereof without
making any substantial progress toward the suppres
sion of said revolution, and has conducted the warfare in
a manner contrary to the laws of nations by methods in
human and uncivilized, causing the death by starvation
of more than 200,000 innocent non-combatants, the vic
tims being for the most part helpless women and chil
dren, inflicting Intolerable injury to the commercial In
terests of the United States, involving the destruction
of lives and property of many of our citizens, entailing
the expenditure of millions of dollars in patrolling our
coasts and policing the high seas in order to maintain our
neutrality, and
"Whereas, This long series of losses, Injuries and
burdens for which Spain is responsible has culminated
in the destruction of the United States battle-ship Maine
in the harbor of Havana and in the death of* 266 of our
seamen,
"Resolved, That the President Is hereby authorized
and directed to intervene at once to stop the war in Cuba
to the end and the purpose of securing permanent peace
and order there and establishing a stable and independ
ent government of their own In the island of Cuba: and
the President is hereby authorized and empowered to
use the land and naval forces of the United States to exe
cute the purposes of this resolution."
to-day that no business other than the
consideration of the intervention reso
lution should come before the Senate.
This was unnecessary, as the
minds of the majority of the Senate
are made up to reach a conclusion at
the earliest possible moment and end
the suspense.
The present expectation is that the
Senate will reach a vote on Friday, but
the Senate is an uncertain body, and
when sober second thought is brought
out by some of the conservative men
THE SENATE RESOLUTION.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The resolutions presented to the Sen
ate are as follows:
Whereas, The abhorrent conditions which have existed tor more
than three years in the Island of Cuba, so near our own borders, have
shocked the moral sense of the people of the United States, have
been c disgrace to Christian civilization, culminating, as they have.
In the destruction of a United States battleship with 266 of its officers
and crew, while on a friendly visit to the harbor of Havana, and
cannot longer be endured, as has been set forth by the President of
the United States in his message to Congress of April 11, 1898, upon
which the action of Congress was invited: therefore,
Resolved, First— That the people of the island of Cuba are and
of right ought to be free and independent.
Second— That it b the duty of the Government of the United
States to demand and the Government of the United States does
hereby demand that the Government of Spain at once relinquish its
authority and government in the island of Cuba and withdraw Its
land and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban waters.
Third— That the President of the United States be and he hereby
Is directed and empowered to use the entire land and naval forces of
the United States and to call into actual service of the United states
the militia of the several States to such an extent as may be neces
sary to carry these into effect.
perhaps action may be delayed some
days longer. The conservative Sen
ators worked hard to-day to stem the
tide. Senators Hanna, Elkins, Aldrich,
Hale, Hoar and Spooner— the entire
coterie who seek delay — were in con
stant conference.
The only move made in the direc
tion of delay was that by Senator Hoar,
who succeeded in having consideration
postponed until to-morrow.
As the day wore on the conserva
tive Senators became more and more
convinced of their inability to pre
vent positive action.
Had a vote been taken to-day the
amendment proposed by four members
.of the committee /ecognjzinjKjttg indc-.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SENATE WILL
ACT TO-DAY
WASHINGTON, April 13.—
Senator Perkins expressed the
opinion to-night that the Senate
Committee would to-morrow
adopt the resolution passed by
the House to-day, and that the
Senate discussion would be brief
and the resolution passed before
adjournment to-morrow night.
pendence of the Cuban republic would
have been adopted. This may still be
the case, because it is favored by nearly
all the Democrats and by many Re
publicans and Populists.
At the same time the action in the
House in voting down a similar propo
sition^ will have its effect, and in addi
tion the statement was made at the
Capitol to-day that the President would
probably veto the resolution if it went to
him with recognition incorporated.
In view of the declaration for indepen
dence that is already contained in the
Senate resolution, it is probable that
recognition- will lose ground be
tween now and to-morrow. Assum
ing that the Senate will pass the reso
lutions now before it there will than2
come a clash between the House and
the Senate as to the form in which the
resolutions shall finally be passed. An
effort will be made to have the House
accept the Senate resolution, and thus
avoid the necessity for a conference
committee. This may or may not suc
ceed.
The influence of the administra
tion will be strongly urged against
the Senate resolution. The President
would much prefer the House resolu
tion, as that is in line with his mes
sage more nearly.
Its adoption by both houses would
still leave chance for avoiding war.
Representative Maguire of California,
one of the strongest lawyers of the
Democratic side, takes the view that the
resolution passed will largely remove
the possibility of war. He said: "The
resolution is meaningless so far as it
forces action. It practically leaves
action in the discretion of the Presi
dent. It authorizes and empowers him
to use the land and naval forces of the
United States to stop the war in Cuba
and to aid the Cubans to establish an
independent government. It directs
him to do nothing. The effect of this
lodgment of power in the President will
immediately invite the intervention of
the European powers. '
"In this lies the danger of very se
rious and embarrassing complications.
By this we are led into an error which
we have steered clear of for a hundred
years. It will be next to impossible
for the President to resist the demand
which the powers will make.
"If he does resist it he will show a
strength of character which has not
been suggested by anything that he has
yet done. In this case what will the
powers do? It is my firm conviction
that unless the Resolution is amended
in the Senate there will be no war, but
there will be instead a superabundance
of diplomatic complications."
The scathing arraignment of Spain in
the. report of the Senate committee is
one of the sensational features of the
day. The report was written by Senator
Davis, chairman of the Senate commit
tee, and is without doubt one of the
strongest documents of its kind ever
submitted to the Senate. It would tend
more than anything else that has hap
pened thus far to aggravate an already
complicated situation. Its very remark
able extension of the Monroe doctrine
is likely to stir up a great international
row.
From an international point of view
the report will attract attention in every
capital of the civilized world and will
undoubtedly be quoted as a precedent
in American history for all time to
come.
In its consideration of the Monroe
doctrine the report contains the fol
lowing striking paragraphs:
"We cannot consent, upon any con
ditions, that the depopulated portions
of Cuba shall be colonized by Spain
any more than she should be allowed
to found a new colony in any other
part of this hemisphere or island
thereof. Either act is regarded by
the United States as dangerous to
peace and safety.
''The Monroe doctrine has kept the
powers of Europe out of the Ameri
can continent ever since it was pro
mulgated. It was a distinct an-
nouncement that the United States
would intervene under certain cir-
cumstances in the affairs of every
Central American and South Ameri
can State."
The President's message contained
no reference to the -action of the Euro
pean powers. These sentences from
the report are the answer of the Senate.
They show very plainly that European
interference in the affairs of the West
ern Hemisphere is not to be tolerated
by the United States.
IS A WORTHY CHRISTIAN.
Dr. George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, is adverse
to entering into a controversy with At
torney C. W. Harris, who wrote him a
satirical and caustic letter last month
criticizing his attitude on Christian so
cialism and hit? opposition to Professor
Herrin.
After the receipt of the letter the pastor
of the well-known church took counsel
with some of the leading members of his
congregation, and they were of the same
opinion— that he should not answer it.
The doctor disclaims being an anti-Her
rinite, but states he has the greatest re
spect and admiration for the learned pro
r. "I am sure." he said, "that he is
a most worthy Christian, and were he but
here I would invite him Into my pulpit I
believe I have the liberty to differ from
him, as I would any other Christian.
There is no truth in the statement that
I answered Mr. Harris in my paper before
the ministers' meeting last Monday. I
delivered my sermon, 'If Jesus Come
isow, wholly without notes, and there
was nothing said in answer to his letter
"This is the second communication I
have received from Mr. Harris, and al
thouph I answered his first in a courteous
manner, I shall pay no attention to his
"Mr. Harris was never a member of the
church and therefore could not have left
it. I regret the notoriety; had I my way
the letter would never have been pub
lished."
PANHANDLE IMPBOVEMENTS.
The Market Street Railroad Company
true to Its promise, has set about putting
Oak street, from Baker to Stanyan in
first class condition. '■<
The objectionable, double rail track
that has been permitted to obstruct that
■treet since the line underwent its
change from a cable to an electric is now
toeing removed and the entire street is
©elnsr repaved . with bitumen. Another
great advantage brought about by this
general improvement is that there will
be no sidewalk on the north side of that
street from Baker to Stan van The
street will gain a width of over thirty
feet on that side from the outer line of
the car track to the park boundary, all
of which will be paved with bitumen
making it one of me best driveways on
any. street in the city ; for the distance
mentioned.
" The walk on the inside of the park an
swers for a sidewalk,' and does away
with the one ordinarily provider for on
other streets in the city.
In addition to this Haight street Is be
ing paved from Ashbury to Clayton with
bitumen, making also a flnedriveway into
the park, as well as giving, the people on
the rise of the hill an outlet into the
other sections of ■ tlse , panhandle. , <z ■■-
This, with the changes now going on in
the Sunset district for the general im
provement of that place, gives a tone of
progress and contentment to '.- the prop
erty owners adjacent to the Golden Gate
Park on the south side. the Qolden Ga?e
The Scott Will Contest.
The trial of th*> Scott will contest was
resumed yesterday before Judge Coffey.
Beveral witnesses were introduced by the
proponents of the will to prove tnat "Mrs
Scott was of sound mind, although very
jealous of her husband. The testimony
for the contestants was to the effect that
the testatrix was for many years prior
to her death of unsound mind.
TO FREE CUBA
ITS OBJECT
Text of the Minority Re
port Introduced in
the House.
Recognizes the Independence
of the People of the
Island.
Wrecking of the Maine Considered
but One Spanish Act of
Provocation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
"Washington, April 13. .
The following is the text of the re
port of the minority of the House For
eign Affairs Committee in support of Its
resolution for the intervention and re
cognition of the Cuban insurgents:
We, the undersigned members of the
I Committee on Foreign Affairs of the
; House of Representatives, having con
sidered the message of the President of
! the United States which was transmitted
to Congress on Monday, April 11, 1898,
I and on that day referred to said commit
tee, submit the following report to the
House of Representatives:
We recommend the following resolu
tions as a substitute for the resolutions
submitted by the majority of the Com- i
mittee on Foreign Affairs:
Joint resolution-
Resolved, That the United States Gov
ernment hereby recognize the independ
ence of the republic of Cuba.
Second— That, moved thereto by many
considerations of humanity, of interest
and of provocation, among which are the
deliberate mooring of our battle-ship
Maine over a submarine mine and its
destruction in the harbor of Havana, the
President of the United States be and
he is hereby directed to employ imme
j diately the land and' naval forces of the
United States in aiding the republic of
Cuba to maintain the independence here-
I by recognized.
I Third— That the President of the United
States is hereby authorized and directed
to extend immediate relief to the starv
j Ing Cubans.
In support of the first resolution, guided
by motives of humanity, and interest, in
fluenced by divers provocations, among
which are the deliberate mooring of our
battle-ship Maine over a submarine mine,
its ruthless destruction in the harbor of j
Havana and the death of 266 seamen, we
submit the facts to the House, to our
countrymen and to the world.
For more than a quarter of a century,
with short intervals, a revolution has
been in progress in Cuba, destroying our
commerce and causing financial loss to
our citizens and unprecedented mortality
| among the contending factions. For more '
than three years the Cuban patriots have i
struggled for freedom with courage, for
titude and self-abnegation unexcelled in
the annals of the human race. These
people are our near neighbors, closely
connected with us by ties of business and
of friendship. In their aspirations for
liberty they have been animated by our
example and have modeled their form of
government upon ours.
During these three years the Spaniards
nave butchered the people, starved help
loss women, children and old men by
hundreds of thousands and have wasted
the island by fire and sword in violation
of all the rules of civilized warfare. These
acts of barbarous cruelty have filled the
American people with horror 'and they
are practically unanimously in favor of
recognizing the independence of the gov
ernment established by that brave and
heroic people by the expenditure of so
m^ich treasure and so much blood, and
our people will be satisfied with nothing
The Government which the Cubans
have established has all the forms of a
republic, and is a republic in fact, based
on manhood suffrage, executive and leg
islative departments in fuii operation and
with a judicial department perfect as far
as the exigencies of the situation permit.
They levy and collect taxes, disburse
large sums of money, conduct a postal
system, maintain an army of 30 000 men
in the field, have defended themselves
successfully against 225,000 Spanish sol
diers, 135.000 of whom are in hospitals or
in their graves, and are now in undis
puted possession of three-fourths of the
island. Outside her picket lines Spain
possesses not one foot of Cuban soil.
Within her picket lines three-fourths of
the population are insurgents at heart,
who will cordially participate in the re
publican government as soon as the
Spaniards evacuate the island.
With these facts staring us in the face
we must realize that Spain can never con
quer Cuba and that ultimately we must
recognize the independence of the Cuban
republic. This being the case, the sooner j
we act the better. for all concerned, there- '
by putting an end to the . sacrifice of
human fife and the destruction of proper
ty. We urge the unequivocal recognition j
of the independence of the Cuban repub
lic because the Cuban patriots merit such
recognition by their valor and prowess in
arms; because recognition, is , the plain, I
honest, courteous, manly course, and will \
remove from the minds. of all men any i
suspicion that we ,are preparing .to wage
a war of conquest- and to annex the isl
and from motives of sordid greed or as
the beginning of a policy of imperial ag- |
grandizement. ' " . " .-''■■ ■ ';' '.'■>
We urge 'the recognition of the existing !
republic because under international law j
only an existing government can be recog- j
nized, and because, recognizing the pres
ent republic, we lift from the minds of \
the Cuban patriots the fear that we will i
force upon them a government: which j
they do not want; we urge because with- '
out such recognition, in- the event of -war |
between Spain and the American i repub
lic, it would be a war against Cuba also, '
for until the recognition of ■■ her independ- |
ence^she is. in the contemplation of inter- '
national law, still a part of, Spain ..;
'. Recognizing' the. independence of the re
public -vvhT gire the- Cubans: credit among !
the. nations of the world, thereby en
abling them 40 use all their resources to
the utmost and- will influence men of
' other countries to ' reinforce the Cubans
with the assurance that they will be
treated as soldiers and will not be hanged
as traitors, filibusters or pirates in the '
event of capture. ' ■ '
' We urge the passage of the second res
olution, providing for armed intervention,
as a necessary and logical sequence to the i
recognition to the Independence of the I
Cuban republic' ,-;. : . -■ v- >•:-
Facts must be considered as they actu
ally, exist, not as we would, have them,
and one of the most . potent or patent
facts of the 5 situation is that Spain re
fuses to realize what all the rest of the
world knows to be true— that Cuba has
passed from her control ■ forever. This
being the case, she will hold on with the
strength of , despair to fragments ,of the
island as long as possible, thereby per
petuating the process ;of starvation, ar
son and extermination wherever she can
and by occasional forays ravishing the
country adjacent to her garrisons. We
have no doubt that I our simple recogni
tion of the republic of Cuba would enable
the Cubans themselves to ultimately ex
pel the Spaniards from every portion of
the island. , \ Armed Intervention on our
part would end the agony of the brave
people, save thousands of - them from
death, and speedily close - the most dis
graceful chapter In the .history of 'the
•western Hemisphere. We owe. this duty
to ourselves no less than to the Cubans.
*L. c recommend the -adoption of the
third resolution, to feed the famished
Cubans as an act of mercy and, human-
DIXSMORE,
NEWLANjuS. uri. ;:
w^g&Sl MiSßour1 '
BERRY.
HOWARD of Georgia,
Ordered From Honekone.
YOKOHAMA, April 13.-The United
Statea cruiser Baltimore, from Hono
lulu, will depart for Hongkong to
morrow under urgent orders.
Gold Shipped to Havana.
NEW YORK, April 13.-Muller, Schall
& Co. shipped $570,000 In gold to Ha
vana by the Ward line steamship to
day.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
SCHLEY RECEIVES
ORDERS TO DRILL
FLYING SQUADRON
When the Vessels fire \r) pSJhting
Trin) They Will Be Sent to a
Better Strategic Point.
NEW YORK, April 13.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
"Proceed to southern drill grounds for maneuvers and target practice
to continue for a period of forty-eight hours, upon expiration of
which return to Hampton Roads. Direct Minneapolis and Columbia to
undergo speed trials."
In effect these are the instructions telegraphed to Commodore W.
S. Schley, commander-in-chief of the flying squadron, this morning,
which caused him to leave his anchorage off Fortress Monroe at 2
o'clock this afternoon and proceed to sea. It can be authoritative
ly stated that Commodore Schley has no other instructions. Should
it be deemed advisable while he is at sea to direct him to sail to a
better strategic point than Hampton Roads, or should war come, In
structions will be sent to him by one of the vessels now lying at Nor
folk or at Hampton Roads to-morrow.
When it became known among the officers of the department short
ly after noon that orders had been given to Commodore Schley to sail
considerable interest was manifested which developed into great ex
citement when Secretary Long declined to state the cause of the ves
sels being dispatched to sea or to their destination. The Secretary's
action is in accordance with his decision not to hereafter divulge the
character of orders given to ships on the ground that it might give
Information to a possible enemy, and, also, because, when war comes
he does not wish to be put in the position of affirming or denying the
destination of ships or squadrons.
Of considerable importance is the experimental trip of Commodore
Schley's squadron. It is practice preparatory to action. The ser
vice of the Minneapolis and Columbia since placed out of commission
a year ago has consisted of the cruises they made from League Is
land to Hampton Roads. The Brooklyn, Texas and Massachusetts,
while attached to the North Atlantic squadron, engaged in various
maneuvers and are, therefore, familiar with squadron evolutions, but
the commerce destroyers have not undergone fleet practice under their
present commanding officers, and it is desirable that Commodore
Schley shall make his force as much of a unit as possible within the
short time he will remain at sea. The trials of the Columbia and
Minneapolis have been ordered to determine the speed and ability of
their engines to stand the strain of racing, and finally gun practice is
necessary to test the guns and mounts, particularly the elevating gear
of the eight-inch guns of the Brooklyn, which were repaired last week.
The Herald has stated that the authorities are desirous of sta
tioning the flying squadron at a better strategic point than Hampton
Roads. It is generally understood that the squadron will first pro
ceed to Porto Rico, and thence to European waters, and It is, there
fore, considered a wise plan to put the ships as near Porto Rico as
possible in order that no time will be lost after hostilities have com
menced. There has been some talk of having the ships drop down as
far south as Port Royal, but this would not be any great gain in
amount of distance saved, and the officials have therefore considered
the advisability of having one vessel go to Bermuda or St. Thomas.
No action, however, has yet been taken. The drill grounds to which
point the squadron was ordered to-day was about fifteen miles from
Hampton Roads, and a vessel carrying supplementary instructions to
those given Commodore Schley before his departure can cover the dis
tance from Fortress Monroe within a few hours.
LEO XIII IS
MUCH UPSET
The Pope Did All in His
Power to Prevent
War.
Feels Keenly Disappointed Over
the Prospect of a Near
Conflict.
Pontiff Had Arranged to Send Monks
Throughout Cuba to Preach
the Gospel of Peace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 13.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily News says: The
Pope is exceedingly upset by the latest
developments of the Hispano-American
question, which seems turning in a way
he had expected and tried to avoid.
This morning, having said mass in the
Sistine Chapel, he turned to those
around him and exclaimed:
"I have prayed God with the whole
force of my being and with the deepest
fervor to avoid this war and not to al
low the Pontifical »fforts to end in
smoke of battle. Otherwise, I have
implored the Almighty to take me to
himself that I may not behold such a
sight."
Those present say that the aged Pon
tiff spoke with such real emotion that
his words deeply touched all. After
mass, the Pope and Cardinal Rampolla
conferred together for an hour and
then were joined by the Spanish Em
bassador, who was the bearer of the
war tidings.
I learn that one of the projects of
the Pope, if the chief obstacle to peace
had been a refusal by the insurgents
to accept an armistice, was to instruct
the Bishop of Havana to send Capucine
monks to- preach peace and moderation
to the people all over the island.
The Pope has sent a dispatch t Em
peror Franz fosef, in answer to a
telegram from his majesty to a mes
sage in Italian, thanking him for his
kindness and for the way in which he
has responded to the Pope's request.
The Pontiff begged him to make a last
trial by using his good offices with the
heads of oth<-r states to spare the world
the horrors of war. It Is patent to all
Leo XIII has done everything human
that is possible, but war is now con
sidered inevitable even by the most
optimistic.
Mayor Phelan Lectures.
Hon. James D. Phelan delivered an ex
tended lecture o~ "The Origin and End
o"f Governmental Reform" before a large
audience at the Temple on Turk stn et
last night. The lecture was given under
tho auspices of Liberty Branch of the
Socialist labor party of San Francisco.
The opening address was made by John
Larsen. the chairman of the evening, and
was followed by a vocal solo by Mrs.
Martha Aspen, and reading entitled "The
Oasis of the Siwah" by William McCor
mack. The chairman then Introduced
the lecturer of the evening, Mayor Phe
lan. After the lecture his Honor was sub
jected to a number of questions from peo
ple in the audience, to all of which he
made ready reply.
Short addresses were also made by Dr.
William Willey, A. F. S. Hamilton, George
B. Benaham and P. Ross Martin.
A Pretty Wedding.
E. J. Hardens and Miss Emilie Ohm
were united in marriage In St. Paul's
Church Monday evening. The sacred edi
fice was tastefully decorated for the occa
sion and was filled with the many hun
dred friends of the contracting parties.
After the ceremony the bridal party re
paired to the home of the bride at 747
Harrison street, where a reception was
given to 125 guests. Mr. Hargens is a
native son and a rising young artist with
Sanborn, Vail & Co. The couple will en
joy a honeymoon at Del Monte, after
which they will be at home at 336 CaDU
street
FIRM PLEAS
FOR PEACE
Bishop Saterlee Issues a
New Prayer for Epis
coptilians.
Christian-Loving People Asked
to War Only in a Chris
tian Cause.
Bishop Ne-wmnn, Robert G. Ingersoll
and Others Send. Congratulations
to the President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 13.
Bishop Saterlee of the Episcopal
church has issued the following address
to the members of his diocese:
Diocese of Washington— My Dear
Brethren of the Clergy and Laity: The
chief magistrate of the United States,
who under God is the chief ruler 01 our
country, has in his message to Congress
set forth the only conditions upon which
in his judgment we can enrage in a
Christian warfare, and also under which,
to use his own word, our aspirations as
a Christian and peace-loving people can
be realized. It will be a grave responsi
bility if war is undertaken under any
other conditions, and our country, acting
through dimness, will be held account
able by God and by the civilized world at
large if her lirst aim is not for truth and
justice, peace and happiness. I invoke
you all as the servants of that Prince of
peace to whom all power is now given in
heaven and on earth to remember in
earnest prayer those in the Government
of the United States who are charged
with this God-given responsibility; and
tv pray that God will bestow upon them
a right judgment in all things and grant
that they may both perceive and know
what things they ought to do and also
may have grace and power faithfully to
fullill the Bame.
I herewith set forth a prayer to be
used at this present time in all the pub
lic services of the Protestant Episcopal
church in the diocese of Washington:
Minister— Give peace in our time, O Lord.
People— For It is thnu Lord only that maketh
the UnitMl States dwell in safety.
Minister— Give peace hi our time, O Lord.
People— For it is thou Lord that maketh the
wars to cease in all the world.
Minister— Give peace in our time, O Lord.
People — Because there is none other that
flghteth for us but only thou, O God.
COLLECT.
Most gracious God, we humbly beseech thee
for the people of these United States In gen
eral, so especially for the President and Cabi
net and for the Senate and Representatives
In Congress assembled; save them from all
error, ignorance, pride and prejudice and of
thy gTeat mercy vouchsafe, we beseech thee,
so to direct, sanctify and govern them In their
present work, by the mighty power of the Holy
Ghost, that peace and happiness, truth and
justice, religion and piety may be established
among us for all generations; through him to
whom all power Is given in heaven and on
earth, our risen Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Faithfully your brother,
HENRY T. SATERLEE,
Bishop of Washington.
Washington, D. C, April 13, 1898.
The President is In receipt of a num
ber of congratulatory telegrams on his
message to Congress, including the fol
lowing:
BOSTON, April 12.— Permit me to con
gratulate you on your message, the tem
perate yet firm character of which I
believe will be applauded by all thought
ful people when carefully considered.
HENRY R. REED.
NEW YORK, April 11.— Your message
fully meets the pubiic expectations. Its
positions are unassailable, its arguments
unanswerable; it is a guarantee for peace
for which a grateful people will hold you
in everlasting remembrance.
ABRAM S. HEWITT.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Tb.e message is
admirable, the facts candidly stated, the
conclusion logical, the tone manly, pa
triotic and just. I congratulate you* and
the country. R. G. INGERSOLL.
WORCESTER, Mass., April Presi
dent ; McKinley. Washington: : > Your ..; let
ter :to Congress - is ■:, superb, 5 severe jin ;• re
buke, patriotic fin dignity, humane \ and
Christian in sentiment. Long may you
live. •; :.-j-.- ■ - ■',-:., ; ■ .;.>.> . ...•• ..■, * : . ,■ ,. :
BISHOP JOHN P. NEWMAN and JOHN
:: LEGG. : . . -/ ■ ■■  ; . . ■ ■-.
LONDON TIMES
REBUKES CONGRESS
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON, April 14.— The Times,
commenting editorially this
morning on the resolutions sub
mitted yesterday to Congress,
says:
"They embody demands which
cannot be addressed to a sover
eign power without rendering
negotiation and compromise im
possible. Even If they do not
amount in form to a declaration
of war, these resolutions are ac
companied by violent and offen
sive reports offering gratuitous
provocation to the Spanish Gov
ernment and people in the eyes
of the civilized world. The
American case cannot but be
seriously prejudiced by the man
ner in which it is now presented.
We doubt, after yesterday's
scenes, whether Congress is a fit
body to deal with a great na
tional issue or to act as the aven
ger of wrong. The situation is
that Congress has declared for
war in everything but name, al
though without having defined,
except in the vaguest manner,
objects for which it wishes to
fight.
DEFENDED BY
THE BRITISH
London Papers Uphold
President McKin
ley's Policy.
If Opposed to War He Would
Not Have Written the Mes
sage He Did.
All the Papers of the English Metropo
lis Agree That Uncle Sara Is
Heading lor War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. A ril 14.— Editorials in the
leading papers assert that "America is
heading deliberately for war," and that
there is only the faintest chance now
that the delay will still enable c peace
ful solution.
The Daily lews cays: "Th<» true
meaning of President McKinley's ac
tions cannot be mistaken. If he were
Opposed to war he would not have
written such message. He has been
most unfairly attacked for an alleged
ab lication of his power. The fact is, |
he has done the utmost he could to
avoid war, but he did not make the
American constitution, which entrusts
a war declaration to Congress."
The Daily chronicle, which similarly
defends President MeKinley against
criticism, says that "the Times news
paper, with the accustomed fatuity of •
its treatment of American affairs, makes '
against him," and adds: "America is
being driven along by the elementary
forces which her best statesmen and
shrewdest financiers cannot control."
The Standard says: "The steady
current toward war reminds us of the
course of the Niagara River above the
falls. There seems to have been a few
slight disturbances on the surface of
the stream in th- thape of something
like the personal encounters in the
House of Representatives, but there
has been no check or diminution of the
strength of the current."
The Daily Mail thinks that "events
are moving in the most desirable direc
tion and giving America time to per
fect her preparations to insure a speedy
victory."
The Daily Telegraph, looking to the
likelihood that after Spain has
been defeated, the Cubans will
not submissively accept terms
America may choose to impose,
says: "It is no light task that
America has undertaken in the interest
of humanity, but one that will tax the
i resourcefulness and statesmanship of
| her rulers to the very utmost."
The Daily Graphic says: "The war
will not be child's play. There will be
tragedies on the seas, but there will be
worse tragedies in Cuba, where the
United States will have to face an army
of one hundred thousand men."
The St. James Gazette says: "The
j system of conducting delicate diplom-
I acy through rival committees is not
i commendable generally and has led in
j this instance to deplorable results.
i General Fitzhugh Lee, who makes war
like speech s and openly esu uses the
! cause of the insurgents and declares
i that the time has arrived for action
; against the friendly power to which he
S was accredited, is setting the to:ie in
i America. He is not a cautious man
I like General Woodford or President Mc-
Kinley. So the fire-eaters and the
I sword-wavers are to have their way
because the cautious and experienced
men are timid and do not possess the
firmness or the courage to declare their
decision and insist upon it."
The Westminster Gazette says: "If
the proposed resolutions pass it means
the Americans have cut themselves off
from peace. They will have done so de
liberately after much thought and con
sideration, provocation and in spite of
concessions upon which at least a tem
porary peace might have been patched
up. It will be their choice, and we can
only hope they have counted the cost."
The Pall Mall Gazette supports Presi
dent McKinley, saying: "He has com
ported himself with skill and propriety
throughout. As a result he is now able
to take a line which will not fail to get
America solid around him. The crisis
has come and it finds the President
ready to act."
PARIS, April 13.— The Temps com
menting upon the Cuban situation says:
"By a curious contradiction, President
McKinley renounces the diplomatic
path at the moment when he was be
ginning to gather the first precious
fruits of his activity. He gives up the
reins and direction to Congress at the
very moment there is supreme danger
in slackening his hold of this impatient
team and when it would have been
comparatively easy to obtain the upper
hand."
After Two More Liners.
LONDON, April 13.— The Daily Mail
says the United States Government is
negotiating for the purchase of the Cu
narder Lucania and the North German
Lloyd steamer Kaiser Friedrich, which
is not yet finished.
A Long Look Ahead.
The politicians are even now beginning to
weigh the possibilities involved in the next
Presidential election. The papers are lull of
electioneering gossip, and venture predictions
as to the future which are somewhat too s-lf
confldent. But it is safe to say that a .«> s
tematic course of Hoetetter's Htomach Bitters
will renew health in the malarious, bilious,
rheumatic, costive or nervous.
NOW COMES
THE CHINA
The Big Mail Steamer May
Be Added to the Fleet
in the Pacific.
Two Naval Boards Have Ex
amined the Vessel and. Filed
Favorable Reports.
Possesses Speed and Coal-Carryin
Capacity Sufficient for an Auxiliary
Cruiser.
The Pacific Mall Company's steam
ship China will probably be the next
merchant vessel of the Pacific fleet to
be added to the Asiatic squadron of
America's navy. Negotiations are now
in progress for the purchase of the ves
sel, and it is expected they will be con
cluded in a few days. The China is
now at Yokohama, having arrived
there yesterday from this port, and it
is expected she may be fitted up for
service on the other side of the Pacific
if such can be accomplished in a
friendly port during the progress of
hostilities with Spain. Th Navy De
partment has had a sharp eye on the
China for several weeks. She is so
constructed that she could carry a
large armament and be a powerful ves
sel in offensive warfare against the
Spanish possessions in the Fax East.
She has large coal-carrying capacity
and great speed, and could carry on an
active campaign far from her base of
coal supplies for many days before be
ing, obliged to return for fuel.
When the China was in Yokohama
6fx weeks ago she was boarded by a
corps of naval engineers and ship con
structors who are now attached to the
vessels of the Asiatic fleet, and a care
ful survey of the steamer was made.
In due time the report reached the
Navy Department in Washington, and
it was so satisfactory that negotiations
were at once commenced for the pur
chase of the vessel should the relations
with Spain become such that hostili
ties could not be avoided. While the
steamer was lying in this port a few
days previous to her sailing on March
23 another board of naval engineers in
spected the vessel.
The members of the board went
aboard as railroad men from the East,
giving the impression to her crew that
they were only on a trip to gratify their
curiosity, claiming that an ocean
steamer was something of a novelty to
them. They took in the minutest detail
of her construction and examined her
engines in a critical manner. Their re
port was even more decisive as to the
fitness of the vessel for a commerce
destroyer and auxiliary cruiser and on
the strength of it every hour is now ex
pected to bring word that the Govern
ment desires the steamer, and to turn
her over to some representative of the
navy at the earliest possible moment.
The China has been plying between
this and Asiatic ports for the last eight
years. She is the pride of the Pacific
Mail fleet and the most popular of the
transpacific vessels running out of San
Francisco. She is now flying the Ha
waiian flag, but up to a few months
ago she was claimed by the English
registry. She was built in Glasgow by
the Fairfield Ship Building Company,
and was launched in 1889. She came
out to this coast soon after she touched
the water and ever since she has been
running between this port and Hono
lulu, Yokohama and Hongkong. She is
a four-masted steel steamer with triple
expansion engines and capable of main
taining a speed of about eighteen knots.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
aa»a»0!cia»B«««»H«0»fia«aKH
I Doctor No More, f
« There Are Some Diseases Which Medicine Will Not Cure. »
|; .-. For These Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Is the k
«f| Only Safe Remedy. g
0^ _Sl___l^__Bs*iw fIP ■ I?' I I ffflk I ___W_V^ \^>X^-7/ t '_W^T|WnM| >J
fi_B__K^__l^^'vv^-]7r/// ;^'' Lw/'f/
a Electricity Flows Into s§3E»§ The Cnrreot Can Be a
« the Body for Hoars at a _§^J^ [ Regulated to Any Power »
* Time From This Life- gl^ I Desired While the Belt Is »
« diving Appliance. On the Body. a
5 Varicocele. »
w That terrible disease which saps the vitality from men in •warm Q
~ weather, unfits them for business. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cures it &
« and restores the strength which it : has robbed its victim of. A perma- _t
$ nent cure is warranted in ninety days. Read Dr. Sanden's book about it. Cj
"H /;: ;|; | , $|; Weak Kidneys. S;■|| - ?a
& With Back Pains, Lumbago, Rheumatism. Sciatica, Constipation Im- y*
& pure Blood, Bladder Troubles, etc., yield quickly to this famous Belt 2
£ All of these troubles are cured in . thirty to sixty days by it. ' &
§ Weakness of, /Wen. ■' »
$ , Failure of vitality, loss of vigor, despondency, nervous trembling • 8
_ loss of memory, premature decay, wasting of flesh and other forms of £
■£ , loss of ; vital energy are cured by ; Dr. Sanden's ; Electric - Belt in two w
« months. s : It gives snap and vim to the nerves and restores the full «
$ - vigor of ' youth. ; * ' uu 33
« Valuable Book Free. »
a ■ # ; nA ? ead - Dr - Sand en's famous book, "Three Classes of Men." It is worth ®
c 3f. $1000 to v any weak » man. - It tells ' of | the cause and cure of every ail- B
~ ment, and gives prices of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. Call or address »
a SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * — ~ -* ' S
a V 632 Market Street, San Francisco. - wn f 55 ° 00 r ,; EWARD ■ S
0 - NOTE— Make no mistake in , the . number- ; Wln be Paid for on 9 -' »
w : 632 1 market STREET. y . :...■».! . . .these Belts which : fails £
«» : Office hours, '8 a. m. to Sp. m.; Sundays. 10 to eenerata a- ourront r,f ' «
w to 1:- Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204i_ ; I lo generate a current or w
>^: South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington - Electricity, . #
;]. street; ' Denver. *> Colo., 931 - Sixteenth , street; -■■■-■-->■•- - : ■•■ .-. . ■..■-: ■ ■■ J. _- n
J5 Dallas. >.Tex.r 285 Main street. • !■ ■•-•-. .' ..-. -- ■ - .■■ -.• ■ ■ !—! — «
GEN. LEE GIVES
INFORMATION
He Knows All About the
Fortifications of Ha-
vana Harbor.
Tells the Naval Strategic Board
What He Saw While
in Cuba.
Members of That Body Think H« Has
Rendered Most Valuable
Assistance.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, April IS.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
General Lee grave valuable information
to-day to the Naval Strategic Board,
which is engaged in drawing up a plan
of campaign against Spain. He ap-
peared at 11 o'clock before the board
and for two hours studied maps of
Cuba, pointed out weak spots in the
Spanish fortifications, described the
:haracter and range of the guns
mounted thereon, and made suggestions
of the points which would be attacked,
which members of the toard believe will
aid them materially in the task with
which they are wrestling.
Concerning General Lee's testimony,
a member of the board said to me to
day: "General Lee threw light on a
number of points with which the board
had been struggling. He was a splen
did observer while at his post, and ful-
ly understands the fortifications of Ha
vana and their guns, and he was able
to describe them, their points of loca
tion, their range, and such other mat
ters as would appeal to the military
mind. I liked his style of del very.
Every thought was evidently carefully
considered before it was spoken, and
consequently the board relies greatly
on the information he submitted and
the advice he was asked to give."
STABLEMEN'S ASSOCIATION.
A Constitution Has Been Adopted
and Temporary Officers Elected.
The meeting of liverymen, or rather
the proprietors of stables in which
horses are boarded, of which a notice
appeared in yesterday's Call, has crys-
Uiilized itself into a premancnt organiza-
tion.
At the meeting held over Bridge's sta
ble a few nights since a constitution was
adopted, in which an association was
formed for the protection of all who may
become members. At present eighty-six
of the San Francisco stablemen have
signed the constitution, leaving about
twenty-five out, who, it is expected, will
sign before the next meeting of the as
sociation.
At the meeting just held C. S. Critten
den, one of the oldest stablemen in the
I city, was elected president, W. K. Bridge
vice president and Stanly W. Morehead
secretary.
The constitution provides for a direc
tory of nine members, with three stand
ing committees, whose powers are al-
I most unlimited in providing rules, terms
I and conditions eoverning the association.
j The annual election for offlers will be held
on the first Monday in Ja.nuarv nf otci>
year, at which time the standing com
; mittees will be appointed, aa also a
board of directors.
A schedule of prices for the boarding
I of all horses will be adopted by the com
mittee having charge of that particular
branch of the association'es rules.
Stables will be classified into three
grades. The first will be known as class
A, the second as class B and the third as
class C. This classification means the
relative standing of the various stables
as they are now recognized.REPRESENTATIVES
FOR INTERVENTION
After One of the Most Exciting Scenes
In Its History, the House Vir=
tually Declares War.
Call Offlo«, Rtggs House,
Washington, April 13.
The House of Representatives to-day
after one of the most exciting and
memorable days In its history, by a
vote of 322 to 19, adopted a resolution
which nine-tenths of its members be
lieve makes war with Spain inevitable.
It Is a fact which was grimly com
mented upon to-day by members as
they spoke of the future, that every
war in which the United States figured
began In April, and that to-day was
the anniversary of the fall of Fort
Bumter, which aroused the patriotic
fever of the North and made the four
years of civil strife a certainty. The
resolutions adopted direct the President
to intervene at once In Cuba to re
store peace and secure to the people of
this island "a stable and independent
government of their own," and author
izes him to use the army and navy to
execute the purpose of the resolutions.
Although only nineteen members — fif
teen Democrats, three Republicans and
one Populist — dissented upon the final
vote, the proceedings were marred by
a bitter and acrimonious display of
partisan feeling. During the height of
the excitement the lie was passed be
tween Brumm (R.) of Pennsylvania
and Bartlett (D.) of Georgia, and a dis
graceful scene followed that almost de
scended to the level of a free fight.
Order was finally restored and later
the two members found that the alter
cation had arisen out of a misunder-
Ftandlnpr, whereupon there were mu
tual apologies. Later In the proceed
ings the Speaker was obliged to again
call upon the sergeant-at-arms with his
silver mace, the emblem of the House's
authority, to seat Johnson of Indiana,
who was indignantly remonstrating
against what he termed the "unneces
sary war into which the country was
being plunged."
Only forty minutes were given for de
bate and special rules were required to
get the resolutions before the House.
The minority resolutions, which de
■! fur the recognition of the ex
isting government of the insurgents,
voted down — 147 to 190 — but they
Becured the votes of three Republicans.
Some stirring and patriotic sentiments
voiced during the debate, which
the ealleries and the members to
a hitrh pitch of enthusiasm.
Adams of Pennsylvania, acting
chairman of the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee, and Dinsmore <L>.) of Arkansas,
the senior minority member of the com
mittee, were the only members who
had ;'.;: opportunity to speak directly to
the rp-sc-iutions, but Henderson of lowa,
i and McMlllln of Ten
• each made speeches upon the
i i >rtier.
Th< Capitol was again like a be
red citadel. Thousands upon thou
armed into the corridors and
to witness the scenes and to
the stirring oratory- The galler
ies of the House were a solid mass of
humanity, and on the floors excited
members in groups were discussing the
situation.
Adams, acting chairman of the For
eign Affairs Committee, came into the
hall with a copy of the Senate resolu
tions and was immediately surrounded
and forced to read them aloud to half a
hundred members who gathered In the
main aisle.
Trifling matters occupied the attention
of the House for the first hour, while the
members and the spectators In the gal
- impatiently awaited the presenta
tion ilutio from the Commit-
Foretgn air?. The suspense of
members waa almost unendurable,
shortly before 3 o'clock Adams of
iylvania, - c acting chairman of the
entered the hull with the re-
Instantly a -ush fell upon the vast
tnblage. The presentation of the reso
waa the occasion of~a wild outburst
plause from the galleries anrt the
floor, [t was evident that the war spirit
was rampant. Adams asked unanimous
■ the consideration of the reso
lutloi s, and Bailey reserved the right to
. saying that whether be objected
or not was dependent upon whether a
fair iiulfrstandin" as to the length of the
• 1 be reaoi:
The Speaker— ls there any objection?
"I ask for the regular order," shouted
Quigp; (.R) of x»e York.
"Which is an objection," observed
Bailey.
"Is ther^ any objection?" asked the
Speaker, still holding his gavel aloft.
Bailey sought to interpose with a re
quest Luat th^ ~»lnorlty resolutions be
read, but the Speaker Insisted that if ob
jection was to be made it must be made,
"Then the chair is determined to force
the minority." cried Bailey, amid much
oonfusion and cries of "regular order."
Then Bailey, turning and facing the
floor, entered an objection in emphatic
tones. The whole Democratic side rose
en nwnwifti
•They are simply playing for political
advantage, and the President of the
whole country ought to know It," shouted
Richardson (D.) of Tennessee.
"There is s perfect understanding with
thf> Democratic ni<-rnl«-rs of i\.f Commit-
Affairs on this point," re
: [enderson < X.> of lowa.
"That is not true, if we are *o undei
st:i!i'l that any such arrangement as this
to," retorted Klciiardson.
At this juncture occurred the sensa
tional i-liniax of the day. Members all
about were in. a state of frenzied excite
ment. Partisan passion was running high
It rprjuirr-.i only the application of a
mat< ' c the magazine, and when
the explosion cam<- pandemonium reipn-.l
Bartlett (D.) of Georgia, off to the right
of the chair, was supporting th»> protests
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I§MS
.r^x T r, 809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FREE.
\ TitvV* 01/ fliC [I&l/^ Our Specialty Crown and Bridge Work
VVV V <?Sv£. »\ A/ J^ffji " «nd Poinless Extraction.
\T\>A / v /[/ /*k . The Clinic if always ahead in Advanced Dental
-. v^s s >^ j^y r T>jgipK>k, CX Bcienoe.- . No students employed. .
*X? . • -^^ggl s\ — >OB For the next 30 days our prices will be-
> 2_F? /f-s''7%L^^~ . PULL BET OF TEETH i for.. ..»» 50 un
- :^3W'''W3ffllfflrC. - ■ GOLD crowns, 22k {.3 bo up
? —^2%i-/>%^y#/^. BRIDGE WORK.- per tooth.. 3 50 up
~ Wf ™ ) 1 /#/ Afc W rHI » "•'iKiffiir?.. :::::::::::::::::::::::: SsS
4s&:''''' /> 'lkW''''sk^ ' CLEANING TEETH ••••••••• SOc up
* :TO Vw J^^ Y9 — A Physician Always in Attendance.
J ' yi W \ I I tr | a _ | 6d SKILLED OPERATORS.
TEETH ill CROwSli LADY ATTENDANT.
i 1.L.1 11 T^frj v, I^. Bridgewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT PAIN. DR. T. E. STRONG
Offlc* Houra-8 a. in. to 10 p. m.; Sundays « to a p. to. - »■"•«.,
©f the Democrats ajrainst the taunting
words which were coming from the other
side.
Suddenly in his rear, the next tier of
seats, came in stentorian tones from
Brumm (R.) of Pennsylvania a taunt ad
dressed generally to the Democratic side;
"You got just what you did not want,
he shouted. _ , .
"That is not true," cried out Bartlett,
who it was explained subsequently was
addressing his remarks to a Republican
on the other side.
"1 say it Is," n-torted Brumm, hotly.
"It is' not." flared back Bartlett, turn
ing and facing Brumm.
"You are a liar, " responded Brumm.
Instantly Bartlett reached for a large
bound copy of the Congressional Record
on the desk before him and hurled it at
his adversary. It fell short, and then the
two antagonists rushed for each other.
The House Immediately was in an up
roar. Some of the ladies in the galleries
screamed hysterically. Members crowded
toward thr "combatants from all quarters.
They ran across the area in front of the
Speaker's desk and crowded up the ad
joining aisles, clinching, tugging, hauling
at each other like madmen. It was like a
free tight in the street. Shouts of anger
and indignation were heard on every
hand. Members in the crush espoused the
two original combatants and there were
several exciting collisions, but no blows
struck.
Meantime Bartlett and Brumm were
trying to get at each other over the
benches, but they were borne back by
friends. Bartlett, who is a slight man,
was carried off his feet, and Myers of
Indiana, a stalwart, broad-shouldered
Hoosler, blocked the path of Brumm. who
is himself a man of great physical vigor.
In his efforts to stop Brumm, Myers be
came involved with Pierce of Missouri,
and they almost came to blows. All this
time the gavel of the Speaker was heard
above the awful noise and his voice was
commanding the sergeant-at-arms to re
store order. Armed with the great sil
ver mace, the emblem of authority of
the House, Colonel Russell, the sergeant
at-arms. repeatedly charged the thick
mass of struggling members, but was as
often swept aside. One of the other em
ployes. Griffin Halstead. a son of Murat
Halstead, while attempting to pacify
Brumm, was felled by a blow on the jaw.
At last, by the efforts of a dozen muscu
lar members, the belligerents were sepa
rated, the angry legislators retired to
their seats and a semblance of order was
restored. It was one of the most dis
graceful scenes witnessed in the House
in many years.
The effort to get the resolutions before
the House having failed the Committee
on Rules retired and formulated a spe
cial order, which was brought a few
minutes later. It provided for the im
meoiate consideration of the resolutions
reported by the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee. The House was at this time
still laboring under a great stress of sup
pressed excitement. Partisan feeling
was still rampant. Richardson explained
that the rule did not propose to close
debate.
"The sentiment on this side of the
house," said ne, "is almost overwhelm
ingly in favor of action, not talk. • The
time has come in the opinion of the coun
try for action on this great question. It
has been discussed by the public press,
it has been discussed in the pulpit, it has
been discussed in the House and the
benate, it has been discussed at every
fireside in the American republic, and we
believe, Mr. Speaker, that the time has
come, sad as it is, when this country can
no longer stand idly by, everything hav
ing been done by our chief executive to
secure peace on that island without arms
—the time has come when the last resort
must be appealed to by our country "
1 and my colleagues," replied Bailey
heartily agree to Uie rule which provides
Tor the immediate consideration of this
important resolution. It would not have
been necessary to ask the assistance of
the Committee on Rules if the gentleman
on that side of n.e House had been pa
tient enough to allow those on this side
to propose an understanding with regard
to debate. I 6imply reserved the right to
object in order to ascertain if it was pos
sible to reach an agreement about the
time to be occupied in debate, and, while
the gentleman representing the minority
of that committee was attempting to pre
sent a resolution which has the indorse
ment of himself r-id his associates I was
required neither to consent to the imme
diate consideration of the proposition
presented by the chairman of the com
mittee, nor to deny to my side the rignt
to present its views to the House and to
the country. That I asked only what was
reasonable will be testified to by the
gentleman from Maine (Dingley), be'eause
after the unseemly occurrence, which
came more nearly disgracing the House
of Representatives than any act which has
occurred during my membership in this
body, the gentleman's own sense of fair
ness compelled him to ask the House to
do precisely and only what I asked for
in the beginning. I did not intend to in
terfere with the immediate consideration
of this resolution, but i wanted the coun
try- to unuerstand that (derisive laughter
and jeers on the Republican side) a mem
ber don't pay any attention to him. Mr.
Speaker, I believe I will not disgrace my
self by commentinp- on such behavior as
that. [Applause on the Republican side.]
In conclusion Bailey said: "But sir we
are as ready to meet the question, we" are
as ready to decide It, we are as ready to
take our responsibility with gentlemen
on ,the other side, and we Invite yo™ to
call the rpU. (Applause and cries of
Vote! vote! )
At this point Johnson (R.I of Indiana
stoutly protested against cutting off
members of the House. He entreated
Henderson ' not to be ungenerous enough
to move the previous question until other
gentlemen have had the right to be
heard."
Henderson declined to yield, but he
granted a few minutes to McMillan (D )
of Tennessee, a member of the Committee
on Rules.
Henderson demanded the previous ques
tion against the loud protests of Johnson
of Indiana, who became so violent in his
denunciation of this effort to stifle debate
and not allow a "remonstrance against
Una unnecessary war into which the
country was being plunged" that the
Speaker had to appeal to the sergeant-at
arnis to compel him to take his seat The
rule was then adopted and the resolutions
were again presented, together with those
of the minority report, which were to be
offered as a substitute.
Adams yielded to Dinsmore (D.) of Ar-
THE SA]S" FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
Kansas, the senior member of the minor
ity.
Adams as the acting chairman of the
committee closed the debate.
The vote was then taken on the sub
stitute resolutions and they were de
feated—l 47 to 150. Reach (R.) of Ohio.
Dorr (R.) of Illinois and Mann (R.) of
Illinois voted with the Democrats and
the Populißts for the substitute.
Dinsmore then moved to give the
committee instruction to report bacK an
amendment recognizing- the independence
of Cuba. It also was lost— l 46 to 190.
The vote was then taken on the adop
tion of the majority resolutions and they
were adopted— 322 to 19. The names of
the Democrats as they voted for the res
olutions were cheered. The votes against
the resolutions were cast as follows:
Democrats — Adamson of Georgia, Bank
head of Alabama Brantley of Georgia,
Brewer of Alabama, Clayton of Alabama,
Cox of Tennessee, Elliott of South Caro
lina, Griggs of Georgia. Howard of
Georgia, Lester of Georgia, Lewis of
Georgia, Maddox of Georgia, Straith of
South Carolina. Tate of Georgia and
Taylor of Alabama.
Republicans— Johnson of Indiana. Bou
telle of Maine and Loud Oi California.
Populist— Simpson of Kansas.
The House then at 6:30 p. m. adjourned.
COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON
IN FAVOR OF PEACE.
Believes There Is Nothing to Fight
About, and That There Will Be
No War.
Collls P. Huntlngton, despite the
character of the news received from
Washington yesterday, gave it as his
opinion that there would be no war
with Spain. Incidentally he remarked
that he had received two or three tele
grams yesterday from New York on the
subject. Referring to the resolution
by the House, he said:
"I don't think it means war. I un
derstood they were going to pass such
a resolution. I got two or three tele
grams relating to the subject. They
were not from Washington, but from
New York.
"My own' Impression Is that we will
not have any war. There is nothing
to go to war about, that I know of. I
was told they passed a resolution giv
ing the President authority to use the
army and navy of the United States In
any way he thought best. That was
what should have been done. I should
have voted for this If I were in Con
gress. I don't believe any one think*
there is going to be a war. I don't
think Spain had anything to do with
the blowing up of the Maine. A Span
iard might have done it, but that would
not have been Spain. I take it that
we are not going to war for Cuba, for it
don't belong to us, and 1 don't think
we want it. I should like to have the
people there get their freedom from
Spain, but I don't believe it Is our busi
ness to go out of our way, any more
than it is that of other nations, to help
those people.
"Our country ought to be sure she is
right. But if we get into war. wo
should all be for our country, right or
wrong. That is why we ought to be
very careful, because we can't any of
us do less than support the flag when
war is on.
"I do not think a war with Spain
would disturb the business of this coun
try to any great extent. However, we
have more to lose than Spain In the
way of commerce, and she will, there
fore, be able to do more harm to us, at
least for a time, than we will be able to
do to her. She may do our commerce
more harm than most people imagine."
FIVE MILLIONS PAID
FOR TWO OCEAN LINERS.
Steamships St. Louis and St. Paul to
Be Converted Into Commerce
Destroyers.
WASHINGTON. April 13.— Probably |
the most significant action at the Navy
Department was the issuance of in
structions to the Naval Auxiliary !
Board at New York for the purchase |
of ocean greyhounds St. Paul and St. !
Louis of the American line, the pur- j
chase of another auxiliary first- I
class cruiser, probably the York- '
town of the Old Dominion line and I
the purchase of the Brazilian cruiser !
Nictheroy. The last named vessel is |
about to be inspected and the result
will determine the question of her ac
quirement by the United States.
The purchase of the St. Paul and the
St. Louis is probably the most expen
sive transaction consummated by the '
Navy Department since the beginning
uf the war excitement. These vessels
cost over $2,000,000 each, and are re
garded as among the best vessels of
that class In the world, being exceeded j
In speed only by the Kaiser Wilhelm I
rier Grosse of the German and the Lv- I
cania and the Campania of the Eng- i
lish line. The amount paid for them i
Is an official secret, but it is known to |
be somewhere in the neighborhood of
Jy. 000,000
The St. Paul left Southampton on
the 9th instant, and is due in New
York on the 15th. The St. Louis is at
an English port and the date of her re-
Lurn is not stated. These vessels will
be armed and armored at the New
York navy-yard and put Into condition
for naval service as ranidly as possi
ble. They probably will De used main
ly as transport ships, or as commerce
destroyers, most probably the latter.
SAYS THE MAINE
WAS WILLFULLY BLOWN UP.
Joseph P. Gibbons, the Submarine
Expert, Fastens the Foul Crime
Upon Spain.
LONDON, April 14.— The Daily Mail
; this morning publishes an interview
| with Joseph P. Gibbons, th- submarine
' expert, in which he ridicules the Span
: ish denial of his statements as to the
\ sale by him of submarine mines to
i Spain, and declares that he can prove
j that the United States warship was
willfully and deliberately blown up
What is more, according to the Daily
Mail's report, he thinks it possible to
reduce the explosion to the act of two
men or even to one individual.
"SLENDER AS THE
FINEST SILKEN THREAD."
ROME. April 13.— The Opinione, the
Government organ, says that the
chances of peace are "slender as the
finest silken thread."
The Italia, the organ of the Foreign
Office, declares that the European
powers will now wash their hands of
the matter, except to affirm their neu
trality, and the Pope will probably do
likewise.
WOULD ENLARGE
THE
MONROE DOCTRINE
Majority Report of the
Senate Foreign Rela
tions Committee Ask
ing Intervention in
Cuba.
"WASHINGTON. April 13.-In the
Senate to-day Davis, chairman of
the Foreign Relations Committee,
submitted the majority report. It
gives a very thorough review of
the entire situation and a strong
presentation of the facts which
had led the committee to its con
clusions. The report takes up the
Maine disaster as the leading topic
for consideration and plunges into
that question in Its first sentence.
Here are the principal points in
the report:
The destruction of the United States
battle-ship Maine, of two of her officers
and of 264 of hor crew in the harbor of
Havana on the nieht of February 15,
1898, excited to an unprecedented de
cree the compassion and resentment of
the American people.
Manifestations r' that resentment
were susucniled. although the reeling
waS not allayed by the self-restraint
of our people, who determined to hold
their Judgment in suspense concerning
their ultimate action until an official
investigation should disclose the cause
of that great disaster and enable them
by direct or circumstantial testimony
to Impute the responsibility therefor.
That investigation has been made.
It was conducted with judicial thor
oughness and deliberation. The diffi
culty of demonstrating by conclusive
proof the cause of that sinister event
was the usual one of exposing plotted
and > — sterlous crimes. No such diffi
culty, however, obscures its official and
. responsible cause.
With animus by Spain so plainly ap
parent that no one can even plausibly
deny its existence, it Is merely one rea
son for the conclusion to which the In
vestigating mind must come in consid
ering the entire subject of the relations
of the United States with their Govern
' ment. It is the opinion of your com
mlttee that the destruction of the Maine
was compassed either by the official act
of the Spanish authorities or was made
' possible by v negligence on their part
so willing and gross as to be equiva
lent in culpability to positive criminal
■ action.
When property and life are destroyed
' by an act which the exercise of dill
. gence by thf person whose duty it is to
use It should have prevented the hap
■ penlng of such an event it Is sufficient
proof that that diligence was not em
ployed. The lime of the explosion It
■ self must have been calculated for the
moment when the Maine should swing
' within the destructive radius of the
. mine.
The duplicity, perfidy and cruelty of
■ the Spanish character, as they always
have been, are demonstrated still to
continue by their manifestations dur
• ing the present war in Cuba. All these
■ circumstances considered cumulatively
warrant the conclusion that the de
■ struction of the Maine was compassed
either by the official act of the Spanish
authorities (and the ascertainment of
• the particular person Is not material),
or was made possible by a negligence on
' their part so willing and gross as to be
. equivalent In culpability to positive
criminal action.
Conflict of opinion among jurists upon
the subject of intervention is very great.
Arntz maintains tliat the right of lnter
• vention exists wh»n one state violates
or threatens the rights of another state,
' while, on the oth>*r h;md, Gulzot declares
. that one state has the right to inter
vene in another statt only when its own
safety renders it indispensable. Between
these extremities o( opinion, differences
among publicists are various and Irre
concilable. Professor Hall and others
support the right of Intervention in
cases similar to that of Cuba.
If these '.pinions state the correct
rules, as we believe they do, the right
' of Intervention by the United Statts in
the present instance is undoubtable.
The balance of power and the Monroe
doctrine are both policies of lnterven
. tlon, to be effected In certain contingen
cies In furth. -ranee of national politics,
and to justify which, no canon of inter
national law was ever invoked. The
former has profoundly affected the rela
tions of the European states and the in
dependence of many of those sovereign
ties. The latter has kept the powers of
Europe out of the American continent
ever since it was promulgated. It was a
dlHtlnct announcement that the United
States would Intervene under certain ex
prensofl circumstances in the affairs of
every Central American and South
American state. The United States did
intervene by threat and show of force
In the affairs of Mexico and France and
compelled the evacuation of that repub
lic by a European power whose own
prior Intervention in Mexican affairs had
overthrown a republic and established a
monarch upon the ruins. No publicist
has ever asserted that either of these
policies is part of the law of nations.
Further Justification for interven
tion in the present case Is found
in the fact that it is the only means of
extirpating an otherwise Incurable and
dangerous evil. The conduct of the Eu
ropean powers respecting Turkey has
been pursuant of the policy which im
pels one nation to intervene in theaffairs
of another state to stop cruelty and mas
sacre, and if necessary, to depose it
from sovereignty. The fact that Spain
is a Christian state does not give her
greater warrant to exterminate her sub
jects than Mohammedan Turkey pos
sessed to exterminate hers. The recent
interventions of the European powers In
favor of Turkey and against Greece In
her endeavor to assist the Cretan Insur
gents is familiar history. So. also, is
the intervention of the same powers
which checked the advance of the armies
of Turkey Into (Greece.
We cannot consent upon any condi
tions that depoulated portions of Cuba
shall be colonized by Spain any more
than she could be allowed to foun.l a
new colony in other parts of this hemi
sphere or the islands thereof. Either act
is regarded by the United States as dan
gerous to peace and safety.
Intervention is justifiable and neces
sary for the followinc reasons: The
present situation in Cuba has become
a menace to the peace of the world, and
especially to the peace and safety of ihe
United States. Spain has bid for Euro
pean intervention, thus far, apparently
without success, but the conditions
which make such intervention possible
should be removed at once. For nearly
three years the hostilities in Cuba and
the Spanish administration of that island
have involved this Government In peril
ous relations with Spain and raised
questions of right and responsibility in
Which BO prospect of settlement is ap
parent. So long as these conditions are
allowed to remain unsettled they will
Increase an Irritation which has already
become intolerable, and which will ulti
mately require adjustment by measuies
much more vigorous than now seem ade
quate to compose existing difficulties.
Spain has failed to perform her treaty
obligations and other international duties
toward the United States. To give a
minute specification of the derelictions
would necessarily extend this pape<\
They are the familiar matters of cur
rent history. American citizens hava
been seized and imprisoned without a
shadow of proof, and have been prj
ceeded against by violent irregular forms
in violation of treaty violations.
The assassination of Kuiz, an Ameri
can citizen; was the act of Spanish
officiate, who held him in custody un
warranted by his treaty rights. No
reparation has been made for this act.
although It has been demanded by this
Government. A justifiable cause for in
tervention has been afforded by the bar
barity with which Spain has conducted
her military operations: by her slaugh
ter of captured insurgent soldiers, and
by her extermination of not less than
200,000 of her own non-combatants —
men, women and children— by driving
thr-m from their homes into olaces. of
concentration and there suffering them
to die of starvation and disease.
In ISM there was $5f>.000,000 of prop
erty in the island of Cuba belonging to
the citizens of the United States. Much
of this hns been destroyed, and much
of that destruction has been by the
acts of Ssialn. The destruction of the
remainder she has been unable or un
willing to prevent. The claims on file
in the Department of State apainst
Spain for indemnity for Uiis destroyed
property are about $16,000,000 in amount.
The military officers have levied con
tributions upon American planters as
the price for the preservation of their
estates and the continuance of their
agricultural operations. In 1893 tfce com
merce of the United States with Cuba
had reached the annual sum of nearly
$100,000,000. Since that time it has been
substantially annihilated by the meth- ■
ods of Spanish military and civil mal
administration.
HOT WAR TALK
IN THE SENATE
Intervention Resolution Postponed for
a Day===Statesmen Declare Spain
Must Give Up Cuba.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 13.
War between two powerful nations
was the sole topic of discussion in the
Senate to-day. •
Such excitement, suppressed though
it was; such a feeling that the country
was on the verge of events that would
make history for all time to com 6; such
eloquence and impassioned oratory,
and such keen and brilliant repartee
have been known in the Senate -not
since the days when the country was
convulsed into the greatest war of mod
ern times.
Notwithstanding the throng in the
galleries that semi-circular chamber
was almost as silent as if it were de
serted. Conversation was conducted in
low whispers. A full quarter of an
hour before the Senate was convened
Davis, chairman of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, entered the chamber,
and* quietly went to his seat in the cen
ter of the Republican side. He care
fully placed on his desk a bulky pack
age, which all intuitively knew to be
the fateful resolution and report from
his committee on which peace or war
might hang. The Senate chamber filled
rapidly, and when the Vice-President's
gavel fell nearly every Senator wai at
his desk.
Scarcely five minutes had elapsed af
ter the session convened before the
Vice-President recognized Davis. An
instant hush fell over the chamber. Da
vis presented to the Senate the reso
lutions and report from his commit
tee, and requested that they be read.
The report was a terrific arraignment
of Spain and her policy, yet so eager
were all to hear every word that not
the slightest demonstration occurred
throughout the reading.
Following the presentation of the re
port and after Hoar of Massachusetts
had insisted that consideration of the
resolution go over till to-morrow on a
point of order came two of the most re
markable speeches yet delivered on the
Cuban question. Foraker of Ohio and
Lodge of Massachusetts, both impas
sioned and brilliant orators, presented
different phases of the Cuban situation.
Foraker advocated the direct recogni
tion of the independence of the Cuban
republic, and with eloquence and
vehemence seldom heard in the Senate
splendidly maintained his position. A
sharp colloquy between him and Elkins
of West Virginia caused excitement.
Lodge followed with an appeal for
action in preservation of the national
honor and in wiping out the stain of
the "atrocious murder" in Havana har
bor. His words so reached the heart
that the galleries were swept with a
tremendous wave of applause.
Lindsay of Kentucky concluded the
discussion for the day with a powerful
speech, in which he advocated the
recognition of the Cubans and a con
cert of action between the insurgent
army and the United States troops in
driving the Spanish forces from the isl
and of Cuba.
The majority report and resolution
submitted by Davis, chairman of the
Foreign Relations Committee, were
read, occupying about forty-five min
utes. The resolution attached to the re
port was as follows:
Whereas, The abhorrent conditions
which have existed for more than three
years in the island of Cuba, so near our
own borders, have shocked the moral
sense of the people of the United States,
have been a disgrace to Christian civ
ilization, culminating as they have, in
the destruction of a United States bat
tleship, with 266 of Its officers and crew,
while on a friendly visit to the harbor
of Havana, and cannot longer be en
dured, as has been set forth by the
President of the United States in his
message to Congress of April 11, 189S,
upon which the action of Congress was
invited; trerefore,
Resolved. First, that the people of the
island of Cuba are, and of right ought to
be, free and Independent;
Second, that it is the duty of the Gov
ernment of the United States to de
mand, and the Government of the United
States does hereby demand that the
Government of Spain at once relinquish
its authority and government in the
island of Cuba and withdraw its land
and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban
waters.
Third, that the President of the United
States be, and he hereby Is directed and
empowered to use the entire land and
naval forces of the United States and to
call into actual service of the United
States the militia of the several States
to such an extent as may be necessary to
carry these resolutions Into effect.
Senator Turpie presented the report
of the minority of the committee as
follows:
The undersigned members of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations concur in the
report made upon the Cuban resolutions,
but we favor the immediate recognition
of the republic of Cuba as organized in
that island, as a free, independent and
sovereign power among the nations of
the world.
The minority report is signed by Sen
ator Foraker (R.) and by Senators
Morgan, Turpie, Mills and Daniels (D.).
Hoar demanded that the majority
resolution lie over under the rules unitl
to-morrow.
It soon began to look as if the con
servative Senators would delay the
Cuban resolution by debate. Senator
Davis said there was no disposition to
unduly rash the question, though it
would be pressed as rapidly as possi
ble. The speaking in itself would be
sufficient to throw the case over until
to-morrow.
The chair decided Senator Hoar's
point of order well taken.
Notwithstanding the decision of the
Vice-President, Senator Foraker pro
ceeded to discuss the Cuban question
on its general merits.
Foraker began with a reference to the
President's message, stating that the
President made certain recommenda
tions, some in a negative and some in
an affirmative form. "One of his nega
tive recommendations," Senator For
aker said, "is that notwithstanding he
finds and states to us that *he effort
of Spain to subdue and conquer the ir
surgents in Cuba has been futile, we
shall continue to deny to the people of
Cuba and also to the government es
tablished by the insurgents of Cuba a
recognition of independence."
Foraker then entered into a compari
son of the President's recommendations
and the recommendations of the com
mittee, stating that while there were
some differences of opinion as to what
should be done they were in accord as
to the main great purpose. As to the
form and character of intervention, the
committee differed with the President,
believing that the time had come when
no further negotiations were in order
and the committee had provided for ac
tion immediate ai d specific, "as th>y
believed to be in character and keeping
with the desires of the American peo
ple in respect to this matter."
In concluding Foraker said:
Does anybody imagine, Mr. President,
if we should go into Cuba and there es
tabllsh a government for which we would
be responsible that the present Emperor
of Germany would hesitate to say for a
moment to the people of America: "You
have taken by conquest revenue that
Spain had a right to pledge and did pledge
to pay the principal and interest of bonds
due to my subjects, and 1 will now look
to you." And if Germany and France
would make such a demand on the United
States the distinguished Senator from
West Virginia 1 imagine would he the
first to say, "We ought to pay up rather
than have any fighting."
Lodge of Massachusetts made a
j speech in support of the committee's
resolution. He declared that when we
were face to face with a foreign power
it was the overriding duty ot Congress
and the people and the executive to
stand absolutely together. "When the
President comes to Congress and in
vokes our aid in a controversy with a
j foreign country and asks us to give
! him power to intervene, I desire," he
said, "that the great power of war
should be given to him in that way.
I am against a declaration of war, but
I prefer giving the President the power
to intervene. lam against recogniz
ing the Government of the insurgent
republic, because the President of the
j United States in his high responsibil
ity has advised Congress strongly
against it. ' The President has noth
ing to do but to ask Mr. Palma to th«
White House and the Cuban republic
i stands up erect and recognized. We
may safely trust that ~>ower to the
President. When we authorize the
President to intervene and use the
army and navy of the United States
we create a state of war. We do not
deceive ourselves at this solemn hour.
The form of words is of little moment
in a crisis like this. The great cen
tral fact concerns the people to-day.
The President has asked us to author
ize him to set up a government there
which shall be a stable government and
a 'government capable of observing in
ternational obligations.'
"What kind of government can
alone observe international rela
tions? Only an independent Govern
ment. If we intervene we do not go to
there to take Gomez by the throat and
make him stop fighting. We go there
to put Spain out of that island, for no
other way can we create a government
, capable of observing its international
obligations.."
Speaking of the Maine's loss Lodge
said: "We have evidence of Cantain
Slgsbee before our committee as to the
character of the examination which the
Spanish made — trivial, slight, careless,
done for a form to back up a story
which they had already made up their
| minds to stand by and put forth. That
has been the attitude of Spain toward
an awful disaster, happening in her
own harbor."
Krye— Will the Senator from Massachu
setts please add right here that the death
of our sailors and the destruction of our
ship, according to General Lee's testi
j mony, was celebrated by banquets and
champagne by the Spanish oflicers in
Cuba.
Lodge — I thank the Senator from Maine
for recalling to me the testimony of Gen
eral Lee on that point yesterday. They
rejoiced in Havana and they explained
the explosion by throwing it upon our
officers, slandering their character and
denying their words. We cannot take
money for the dead men of the Maine.
There is only one reparation. There is
only one monument to" raise over that
grave, and that is free Cuba and peace
in that Island. That is a worthy monu
ment, worthy of men who died under the
flag they loved, died, in the cold lan
guage of the law, "in line of duty." There
are mutterings among the men who wear
your uniform because they think you
nave not striven to redress the awful
slaughter of their comrades. You must
maintain the honor of the uniform un
der which they died. Surely there is no
more righteous cause than this for any
■' •" > ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~" J "' J ~ ~nr *"~ ~ ~— -r ~ ; ~
[jjy p $||r$ WAN ll EDc
e > B%n'. o "wK"t"MAJi*rfa a r''m°^ We want men in every county }_■£•
J|K»yjf States. If your reference is satisfactory TTK TILL TAUT YOU AT .UMt, So experience ■•<
iw«™| » ! ceaaary. SeeaplUl rr^aired. We furnish a full line of samples, stationery, etc. A tailor*
Vi|\^3Ev\ -^Mttr for-the-trade complete outvlt for business. Ko CaanUiloo pian.yon can regulate your prof*
-- !«*#r& > /^4j™7 its to suityonrself. ho Ilaai c to Haoao Canvass. This is not one of the many catchy advertl'*)*
>»sara/l-Hflk^^jj~' ments for agents, but one Of tfcotery few cdiertisraiFnU olTeria^a rare opporlnntty learcyra
pi.j»«iat h ni"?> ce a S r We are the Largest Tailors-for-the-Trade in America,
w/m,'///'%> Tl-4 \\ H*^A "'c make to measure over 300,000 nulls annually. We occupy entire one of the largest
v/J'//W/?i)k< \ i ' business blocksin Chicago. We refer you to The Bank ofl'oa»ier««,la CkUafO, is'liprm
w/////////'ffiW^'[Nl?V\&'llrk or Rallroadl'o. UChiea«o,a«yroßldo«tofCk|e»a;o. Before engaging with us, write to any
v/f&Y/ji/fij W\i///IMmV//m. friend in Chicago and ask them to come and see us.then write you if it is a Bare Oppor*
Wm/M MjK?S^'M^. tMlt » 108^ mm ™ 8um dHIBd Hl8l ' cl "'' B! « l>^ 11l » Xl "P lo ' m '* 1 - BETtER STILL-come to
\Uv/////I'A Bk /I Chicago yourself and see us before entfajrlnit and be satisfied every
W/11/lf/Ji. *XjKNHK- J3P**-v zJ^~" ~~\ word we true and yon em get steady work aid big p«y.' INIJIIUI
yil!l/Mng*fV7i7w7ffl!l!\ -— ST^v^v \OFOIR SALKS in your territory how our work pays. We refer to
iw/////////m/M I "3 -f>^^*aafciourinftny aaieamentb.rouirb.out the TJnioii.THET all talk ALItB.
\ll!lni/l/////MMMm\ S?JfS^ **-1 oo« Of them will tell you how profitable, haw pleasant, how
l^iVlm/Mw^SaaPW&^j" «v easy the work is. Winl» jo>p
W/MMimmn fflUmtrlfr^y _, ». >/K?\ Ak X\ •"" ••■■'J r days in the year,
WmM ■kvaW^^^'"^'^i*jj^^^}^^ y Makers in America
mWrnMll V^^i\^^^^>^^^V^*w^V*^S > Vv«'^Vtl^A'^ « Amerlr»a Hills. We con-
! The aßove photograph was sent nnanllelt»\ B\\ \T '\"""~'^^' M^i^ 2 •■#»• mn&tiMi «##«••
The aftOTe phOtOPfTaph WaSSentßnsoll6lt*\ ' \ \ 2^***" *.—*-'**jHm^J - J ■•»•■ ntnttiPll * «#nn
oneof ourFale3men,Mr. C.U.Talbott, \/|>\ V^»»* " 3WE FURNISH YOU
of V reka, Cal. It shows him at work tak> 5 -~ — — "■
■ ing orders for our custom made tailoring. . ■- < % a larje.handsoaio andoi*
? Mr. Talbott's sales have run t)versl,2oon»-rinonth;hisearntn(rsovers3oo*nionth. psnslro tloth bo««d book
? HttndredsmoraaredoinjrJustaawelL we merely show this picture and statement S eoatainina; lars;* t'otai
of his business as ho chanced to send us this picture. YOU CAN DO THE? ii I ' 1 '' I tof °S • "7"«»
5 SAME THING AT ONCE. OUR MEN HAVE NO COMPETITION. 5 i r8 Jj!"X' I "£ V.*",,t
UWiUUWU<A<W><UUyi<UU*^^^AA«VMI*>UWU<(UV<I(UtAa<(UX* DOOiC Which COStS US
several dollars to get up, also Fashion Plate, laalructlon Book, Tape Bi-aiurr. Business Cards, Btalloßerv. Idrertialna; Hat-
tor, yonrnamo on rubber stamp, etc. We also furnish you a Salesman's Ket Coalldentral PrleeLlsi. The prices are left
blank under each description to yon can till in your own sellinfr prices, arranging' your profit to suit yourself.
Ai soon as you have received your bit sample book and general and nave read our book of Instructions care-
fully and marked In your selling price you are ready for business and can begin taking orders from everyone in
your town. At your low prices business men.farmtrs, laborers, and in fact every one will order their suits made.
You Can take several orders every day at *2 to S6 proStoneachsrder,for««eryonewlll bo astonished at your lowprlees.
Ynii Ranilim tin Mnnnv take orders and send them to us.we will make the garments within 5 days and
TOU HeqUironO BIOnny» Mnd direct to our customers by express C. O. D., snbleet to examination and approval at
your gelling: price, and collect your full seflinfr ptice.and every week we will send you a check for all your profit,
being the difference between our net confidential price to you and the price you sold at. Ton need collect no money,
dellierno foods, simply r»on taking orders, addict; a liberal profit, and we dellter .the goods, collect all the money and
every week promptly send yea In one mnndeheck yonr rail profit for the week. j Nearly all our (food men got a Check
from us of at least $40.00 every week in the year. v - •
TUP OUTFIT IS PRPP 'We make no charge for the War book anl complete outfit, but as each
I"*- V>«Jlt-|« iq m cc. outfit costs us mml dollars to petup.to protect ourselves against
many who would impose onus by sending for the outfit with no intention of working, tut merely out l of Idle
curiosity, AS A GUARANTEE or good faith on the part of every applicant, we require you to 011 out the blank
linos below, giving the names of two parties aa reference.and further agreeing to pay OXK DOLLAR and express
charges for the outfit when received, if found as represented and really a sure wav of making big wages. The
tl.oo yon asrrbe to pay when outfit is received does not begin to pay the cost to us but insures us you mean bus-
iness. Wo will refund your SI at toon at yonr orders hare amounted toC'J6, which amount) on fan take the first day yea work.
EVFIII oat the following linetearefullr, alra your name, rut oat and send to us, and the outfit will bo sent to too at eneoi
. : AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO. Kn«erprlso Bnlldlng, CHICAGO. ILL. t
GENTLEMEN: Please send mo by express, C. 0. D., subject to examination, your Big Cloth Sample
Book and Complete Salesman's Outfit. I agree to examine it at the express office and it found exactly as
represented and I feel I can make good big wages taking orders for you. I agree to pay the express agent, »*
a guarantee of good faith, and to show I mean business, ONE DOLLAR and express charges, with the under.
standing the One Dollar is to be refunded to me as soon as my sales have amounted to $25.00. If not
A>und as represented and I am not perfectly satisfied I shall not take the outfit or pay one cent.
Sign your name on above line. ....'..............«...»
* irame of Pottofflct* County and Bute' on above line.
Tour age. ....... ....Nati0na1ity... Onabi'e two lines (rive as reference the names of two
:•-.,'- - men over 21 years of age who know you one year or
Married or Single (^ »<> n 2 er -
MILLS CO.. Enterprise Building. CHICAOO, ILL.
I nation to ask justice. I care but little
! what form of words we adopt. I am
ready to yield my opinions to those above
jme In Congress. Still more ready am I
' to defer to the wishes of the executive,
who stands and must stand at our head,
but I want now to arm that executive
j with powers which will enable him in the
good province of God to bring- peace to
Cuba and to exact justice for the Maine.
Lindsay was speaking when Hoar in
quired whether Lindsay knew of any
j person of influence who proposed to
place the Cuban people under restraint
i by our armies.
In reply Lindsay read from the Presi
i dent's message that paragraph in whi^li
he spoke of placing restraint upon both
parties to the conflict in Cuba-
Carter of Montana inquired if the
I Cuban republic should conquer and gain
| its own independence and freedom
! whether it would be responsible for the
! Cuban bonds.
Lindsay maintained that the case of
the United States and that of the Cuban,
republic differed from each other ma
terially in that the very funds derived
from the Senate bonds had been em
ployed to hold the Cubans in subjec
| tion. He thought, however, that that
I was a question in which we were not
I in the slightest way interested.
Carter then inquired whether Lind
say would have this Government shirk
the ephemeral responsibility of Cuban
! bonds by falling in behind the Gomea
! Government to escape the legitimate
consequences of war.
Lindsay said in reply that he was not
: afflicted with the delicate sensibilities
j of the Senator from Montana, and If
i the United States should, in waging a
war against Spain, find another Gov
ernment engaged in the same kind of
war, he felt that there would be na
justification in a union of forces. He
! maintained that it was the duty of the
i United States to treat with the insur
] gent Government in Cuba, so that no
man should be unjustly dealt with, and
no man's property unjustly confiscated.
Chandler announced that when tho
Foreign Relations Committee resolu
tion was called up to-morrow he would
object to the consideration of any
other business until the resolution was
disposed of.
Daniels of Virginia offered a resolu
tion requesting the President to trans
nit to the Senate all diplomatic corre-
I spondence between the United States
! and Spain respecting affairs In Cuba
and also requesting him to inform the
Senate whether this Government has
submitted to Spain the proposition of
Cuban independence, and if so, in what
form such proposition was made and
under what conditions.
Without debate the resolution waa
agreed to. Frye of Maine, a member
iof the Foreign Relations Committee,
j desired, he said, to present a resolu
i tion which had been before the com
mittee and which, to his mind, was
responsive in its nature to the desire
1 of the President as expressed in h!a
i message. The resolution, he further
! stated, represented the opinions of cer
! tain members of the Foreign Relations
; Committee. Being pressed for infor
i mation, Frye said that the resolution
! reported by tho Foreign Relations Com
mitfee had the unanimous approval of
; the committee. Four members, how
, ever, believed that the Republicans
ought to recognize the independence of
; the Cuban republic and unite in a su'p
i plementary report embodying the in
| dependence feature. When he learned
that the supplementary report was to
I be reported he reserved the right to lay
i before the Senate the resolution which
he had just offered.
The resolution was the same which
| Frye introduced several days ago and
i which was referred at that time to the
Foreign Relations Committee.
34
BELEW WILL
DIE IN JUNE
Death Sentence Passed
Upon the Dixon
Murderer.
The Court Finds No Mitigating
Circumstances in His
Favor.
."eeblo Attempt of the Prisoner to
Appear Indifferent to
His Fate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, April 13.— Judge Buckles i
passed sentence on Frank Belew this
morning. He reviewed the circum
stances of the crime and said there J
were no mitigating circumstances to !
save the defendant from the extreme j
penalty of the law. Belew listened at
tentively to the court's address, and I
When the proceedings were over made |
a feeble attempt to appear indifferent, j
Judge Buckles, in concluding his sen
tence, iiddressed Belew as follows:
The judgment of this court is that you,
Franklin itolew, for the murder of Busie
E. Below on November 7, 1S!)7, at and in
this (Solano) county, lie taken hence to |
the County Jail of this (Solano) county by
the Sheriff of this county and be there
imprisoned until delivered by the Sheriff
of this county to the Warden of the
State's prison at Folsom in the State of
California, and that said Sheriff, within
ton days from this date, deliver you to
the "Warden of said State's prison at Fol
som, by whom you shall be detained and
imprisoned in said State's prison until
such day as shall be hereafter designated
and fixed In the warrant of execution to
be issued herein; and on the day so desig
nated and so fixed in such warrant of ex
ecution and between the hours therein
nanird, that you, Franklin Belew, for the I
willful, deliberate and premeditated mur
der of Susie E. Below, be by the said
Warden of the State's prison aforesaid
and within the walls of said State's
prison, hanged by the neck until you be
dead. And may God have mercy on
your soul.
Belew appeared In court again in the
afternoon and June 16 was named as
the day of execution.
ODD FELLOWS WILL
CELEBRATE AT CONCORD.
Number of Lodges to Observe Anni-
versary Day in Contra Costa
County.
CONCORD, April 13.— The seventy-ninth
anniversary of Odd Fellowship In America
will be appropriately celebrated in Con
cord, Contra Costa County, on April 26,
under the auspices of Pacheco Lodge No.
117, with a parade, basket picnic and gen
eral fraternal greeting during the day and
grand ball In the evening. Past Grand
Master George H. Morrison of San Fran
cisco will deliver the oration. J. Lawrence
Geary will be president of the day The
First Infantry band of Oakland will sup
ply music.
The committee on arrangements, con
sisting of Past Grands X. L. Loucks
Joseph Boy d, H. Eicher, F. F. Neff and
M. B. Martin, is using every effort to se
cure a large attendance and thereby make
the celebration one long to be remem
bered.
The subordinate lodges of district 49, to
gpther with the Rebekah lodges of dis- i
trlct 42, will be In attendance. Lodges !
from san Francisco. Oakland, Benicia
Sulsun, Dixon and other places have ac
cepted invitations to participate. Con
cord has a magnificent plaza sufficient to
accommodate a large gathering. The
Southern Pacific Railroad has agreed to
give reduced rates for round-trip tickets.
STOCKTON PRISONER
ACCUSED OF ARSON.
''Jack" Breen Charged With Having
Caused the Fanners' Union Ware
house Fire.
STOCKTON, April 13.-The Grand Jury
to-day found an indictment against
"Jack" Breen for arson, charging him
with having set fire to the warehouse of
the Farmers' Union in this city on the 4th
of last January, when property to the
value of J225.000 was destroyed. Breen is
In Jail on charges of burglary. A short
time ago he was arrested and charged
with having stolen a lot of tools and va
rious other articles, which he sold in
Merced. The property was recovered and
part of it has been identified by the own
ers. Several suits have been brought
against the Farmers' Union by farmers
who lost grain in the fire, and the con
viction of Breen will have an Important
bearing on that litigation, for the com
plainants in the civil cases expect to
prove negligence on the part of the corpo
ration in order to recover their losses.
THREATENS TO KILL
HIS NEIGHBOR'S WIFE.
Yolo Fanner Under Arrest as the
Result of a Dispute Over
Land.
WOODTAND, April 13.— S. Elder, a
Northern Tolo farmer, is -under arrest
upon a complaint charging him with
threatening with deadly weapon the wife
of his neighbor, Richard D. Powers. The
trouble is the outgrowth of a quarrel be
tween the two men concerning the pos
session of a piece of land purchased by
Powers. Elder claims that money is due
him for work on the premises, and he
refuses to surrender possession until he
1* paid. When Mr. and Mrs. Powers at
tempted to take possession, they allege
they were driven away at the point of a
pistol.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the exsretions
frcm it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a- soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
PERSPIRATION ON
THE BROW OF A
SUPPOSED CORPSE
People of a Washington Town
Fear a Prominent Man
. Was Buried Alive.
TACOMA. April 13.— 1t is believed by some at Montesano, in this
State, that D. C. Mitchell, a prominent logger of Satsop, was burled
alive at Montesano yesterday afternoon. Mitchell died at Satsop, a
few milos away. His body was taken to Montesano that the funeral
might be conducted under Masonic auspices. At the close of the fu
neral services the casket was opened to enable friends to view the
remains. One of the first men to pass by the coffin discovered that
Mitchell's forehead was covered with perspiration. Not wishing to
make a disturbance, he said nothing of It Just then, but stated his
opinion to others in the rear of the room. These joined him in re
questing an investigation before the casket was closed. When the glass
was removed small particles of perspiration were readily observed on
the forehead.
The report quickly spread that Mitchell was being buried alive, and
caused great excitement. A physician was summoned in haste, some
believing that the supposed dead man was in a trance and might yet
be resuscitated. Five minutes later the doctor arrived and proceeded
to make a careful examination, the lid of the coffin having been re
moved prior to his arrival. He pronounced life extinct. The so
called perspiration, he said, was very unusual, but such cases were
reported in medical works, being usually attended by the belief that the
persons exhibiting such phenomenon were not dead. All tests, how
ever, showed Mitchell to be dead, and no possible good could be at
tained by delaying the burial, as had then been proposed.
Acting on this advice the interment was proceeded with. There
are many at Montesano, however, who express the opinion that the
burial should have been delayed for a day or two. Many stories have
been related of how supposed dead people have returned to life, and
there is talk of exhuming the remains and making a more thorough
examination.
Mr. Mitchell's death was supposed to have been caused by heart
disease, as he suddenly became unconscious while sitting at his din
ner-table on Sunday afternoon, and dropped to the floor.
JUDGE OYERTON
YIELDS TO DEATH
Passing of the Santa Rosa
Capitalist After an Illness
of Several Weeks.
Was for Years Prominently Identified
With the Progress of Sonoma
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, April 13.-News has
been received here of the death of Judge
A. P. Overton, one of the most prominent
men in this community and one of the
best known financiers of California, which
occurred at Duncan's Springs, near Hop
land, this evening, he having been taken
to the springs a few days ago for the
benefit of his health.
Judge Overton was one of the wealth
iest men In this section, and his prop
erty interests extend over many parts of
the State. At the time of hia death he
was president of the Savings Bank in this
city, president of the Board of Directors
of the California Home for Feeble Mind
ed, president of the A. P. Overton corpor
ation, director of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway, and director in
several other Institutions.
The deceased was born In Kentucky in
1830 and came to this county at an early
date. He always was prominently iden
tified with the affairs of the community
and acted as circuit judge in the days of
the old constitution.
For the past few weeks Judge Overton
had been ailing-, and in anticipation of
death the A. P. Overton Company was In
corporated a short time ago. As previous
to that time he had made no will, it Is
understood that his property will go io
his widow, his two sons, John P. Overton
of this city and Talbot Overton of Fulton,
and his daughter, Mrs. E. J. Livernash
of San Francisco.
JAIL-BREAK FOILED.
Prisoner Detected While Digging
Through Jail Walls.
SALINAS, April 13.— As Under Sheriff
Duckworth was about to lock the jail
last evening he was informed by a trusty
that a prisoner named Joe Rodriguez,
alias Mexican Joe, had been digging at
the rear wall of the Jail. An investiga
tion showed that he had dug out about
twenty bricks and would have escaped
during the night. The prisoner is an old
time convict, having served one term at
Whittier, one at Folsom and one at San
Quentln. He is now serving six months
for petty larceny, and is wanted, when
his time expires, at San Jose on two
charges of felony. Although only 30
years old, Rodriguez, who is a full
blooded Mexican, i;; regarded as one of
the most dangerous criminals on the Pa
cific Coast.
GUESTS OF RIVERSIDE.
Fruit Growers Assemble for a Two-
Days' Convention.
RIVERSIDE, April 13.— The California
Fruit Growers' Association will begin a
two days' session in this city to-morrow
at 9 o'clock. The convention will be held
in the Young Men's Christian Aafei.-ia
tion Hall, and it is expected there will
be a large attendance. Several promi
nent fruit growers of the State have ar
rived here already, and many more are
expected to-night. The convention will
be held under the auspices of the local
Chamber of Commerce. Durinfir the stay
of the dele^aU's in this city they will be
given a reception by the Chamber of
Commerce and local horticultural clubs,
and arrangements have been mnrle for
giving the visitors an idea of this sec
tion By drives through the valley and
near-by towns.
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, April 13.— Mrs. Sarah
Cutler Hubband died last nlsrht at the
home of her daughter, Mrs. Elfa White,
on Ocean View avenue. She was S4 years
i*agf> and a native of Plainfield, N. H.
yhe leaves two daughters— Mrs B. F.
Porter of Son Francisco and Mrs. Elfa
White of this city— and a son, Henry
Butler Hubbard. The funeral will bo held
Friday at 11 o'clock.
Varsity Team the Winner.
PALO ALTO. April 13.-The Stanford
Varsity baseball team deieated the San
Jose Gun Club on me campus to-day by
a score of 13 to 1. The collegians were
particularly strong with the bat. making
twelve hits off Arrick. Lanigan pitched
a good Ffime for the Varsity, allowing
but two hits to be made off his delivery.
He was well supported, as but two er
rors were made by the Stanford team.
Burglar Leroy Convicted.
SACRAMENTO. April 13. -Charles L»
roy was to-day convicted in the Suprior
Cour^ of having robbed a Japanese. Ho
is one of tho men arrested for shooting
ex-Street Commissioner E. J. Croly in the
lattor's house recently, having entered the
dwelling to loot it.
Hr,nfcrd's Election.
• HANFORD, April .13.— At the election
for town ; officers on Monday there were
555 votes cast, instead of 35, as published'
The present prosperous- condition of af
fairs here promises thai the next election
will show a marked inc-easo in the num
ber of voters.
Suicide at Trubody Station.
NAPA. April. 13.— William J. Downey, a
native of California, aged 27 years and a
blacksmith at 'i rubody - Ftutlon. ' commit
ted suicide to-day. >He tired a buliet
through his head.
THE SAN FBAyCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
PLAN TO GUARD
AGAINST DISEASE
Agnews Asylum Managers
Want More Buildings
Erected.
In Favor of Separating Consump
tive Patients From Those
That Are Healthy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE, April 13.— The board of man
agers of the Hospital for the Insane at
Agnews to-day discussed the advisability
of providing separate wards for con
sumptive patients and others with ail
ments that are contagious. The manage
ment is desirous of providing such build
ings, and in all probability suitable ar
rangements will be made at Agnews be
fore long. It has been fully demonstrated
that consumption is contagious, and in all
hospitals In the Eastern cities the con
sumptive patients are kept apart from
others. Plans for new wards for con
valescent patients were presented.
Secretary Montgomery reported that on
March 31 there was on hand in the con
tingent fund $23,571 SO: patients' fund.
$2(519 SO; in the hands of the medical
director, $200: amount of the appropria
tion for the forty-ninth fiscal year used to
date. $M), 303 34.
Medical Superintendent Sponogle re
ported that on March 31 there were 916
patients In the asylum, of which number
044 were men and 372 women; that he had
collected from pay patients for board
$885; that he had $26S 55 on hand belong
ing to pay patients.
MRS. AVER HONORED.
Christian Women of Santa Clara
County Elect a Leader.
SAN JOSE. April 13.— The county con
vention of the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union closed Its three-day ses
sion this evening. The meetings were all
largely attended, and many Interesting
papers on timely topices were read. Dele
gates from all parts of the county were In
attendance, and greater enthusiasm was
displayed than at any previous conven
tion of the union.
The following officers were elected to
d,ayJor the ensuin S year: President, Mrs.
C. M. Ayer: vice-presidcnt-at-large, Mrs.
Churchill; second vice-president, Mrs. A.
t,. Clarke; third vice-president, Mrs.
Ryder; corresponding secretary, Misa
Josephine West; treasurer, Mrs. For
sythe; auditor, Mrs. Burwell.
JOINS STANFORD'S FACULTY.
Clement A. Copeland to Succeed Pro-
fessor Perrine Temporarily.
PALO ALTO, April 13.-The announce
ment was made to-day by President Jor
dan that Clement A. Copeland had been
appointed to fill the place in the electri
cal engineering department made tem
porarily vacant by the leave granted to
Professor Perrine, who has accepted the
position of consulting expert of the Blue
Lake A\ ater and Electrical Power Com
pany, with heauquarters In San Fran
cisco. Professor Perrine will retain his
residence in Palo Alto, continue certain
lecture courses and direct the work of
the department of which he is head
Mr Copeland, the new addition to the
faculty, is a native of San Diego, and re
cel n" e . rt fiS. d *£ ree ln engineering at Cor
nell in 18%. Since gradution he has been
engaged in electrical work in Los An
geles. He will have the rank of assistant
professor.
Shipping Corn From Nebraska.
WOODLAND, April 13.-The strong
probability of short hay and grain crops
has Induced some of the farmers and
stock dealers of Yolo County to try the
experiment of shipping corn from Ne
braska, Kansas and Maine. Several ship
ments have already been received and
others will follow. The freight charges
are rather high, but if a number of pur
chasers combine and order a train load
at one time a reduction of $30 or $40 a car
can probably be obtained* Stock hogs are
selling very cheap, and speculators are
buying th^m -with the expectation of
fattening them on corn.
Probably Fatal Fall.
SALINAS. April 13.-Martin Davis,
candidate for «City Marshal r year ago,
while employed with a wheelbarrow car
rying concrete to the top of a foundation
for machinery at the sugar factory this
afternoon sliced and fell a distance of
twenty-five feet, striking on his back
and head. When picked up he as un
conscious and bleedinsr at the mouth
nose and ears. A physician who was
summoned said Davis is internally in
jured, and probably suffers from concus
sion of the brain. He Is partially para
lyzed and there are small hopes of re
covery. He has a large family.
Mrs. Plyler's Case Continued.
SANTA CRUZ, April 13.-Mrs. Minnie
Plyler was arraigned in the Superior
Court this morning for trial on an in
dictment by the Grand Jury for mayhem
committed on Charles Harris. The venire
of forty talesmen summoned from all
parts of the county was present, but the
case wad continued until the 26th, as tne
prosecution •'".id not care to go on with
it without the principal witness, Charles
Harris, who has disappeared.
Presbyterians in Session.
SAN JOSE, April 13.— The California
Cumberland Presbytery began its annual
s< BSion In tills city this evening. A large
Dumber of delegates were present Rnd
more ;irc expected to-morrow. The pres
bytrry extebaa from San Luis Obispo
County to Lake County. It will remain in
n lour days. Rev. J. W. Crawford
bs Low*r Lake was elected moderator for
the entitling year
WOMEN SELL
STOLEN ORE
Fair Accomplices of a
Gang of Robbers at
Randsburg.
Extensive Thefts of Gold From
the Yellow Aster Mining
Company.
Three or the Culprits Are Arrested
■nd Warrants Are Out for
Others.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
RANDSBURG, April 13.— George Cal
ladine, night shift boss, and Oliver Le
fevre and wife were arrested this morn
ing. The men are charged with having
stolen ore from the Yellow Aster mines
and the woman is accused of having
received the ore. Several warrants are
still unserved.
Some time ago John W. Lambed, the
i citizen's committee's night watchman,
j noticed several women frequently sell
: ing gold dust at local stores. Knowing
■ their husbands were workingmen he
I became suspicious, and after careful
I investioation, learned that the store-
I keepers purchased from the womn
I dust to the value of $1500 monthly.
i Lambert was not long in locating the
I women and soon learned that many
! men were implicated. While he was at
i work on the case one of the women be
j came alarmed and sent for him.
"I am sick of the whole business,"
j she said.
Then she confessed all. A watch was
put on several houses, but the princi
pals had already fled, leaving the wo
men to care for themselves. Telegrams
have been sent in all directions in the
hope of capturing them.
In searching one house Officer Lam
bert noticed a large oatmeal sack con
taining a lot of potatoes and onions. He
gave it a kick and found that it con
tained rocks also. The vegetables on
top were removed and he found over
$100 in free milling ore tied in a ban
dana handkerchief and old rags, while
a small salt sack and a small paper
bag contained rock that would easily
sell for $1000.
John Sin leton, superintendent of the
Yellow Aster Mining Company, said
his company had been losing ore. The
amount he could not give, for the rea
son that the ore had been carried away
in buckets and s n the pockets of the
thieves. It was easily worth $1 a pound.
Last summer fifteen sacks of ore, val
ued at $100 a sack, were taken from a
pile of sacked ore n:ar the company's
office.
Calladine was paid extra to look out
for men carrying off any of the com
pany's ore or property. He will have
his examination on Monday.
HOTTEST WEATHER
OF THE SEASON
Warm Wind Blighting Crops in
the Interior of the
State.
Rain Must Coma Soon to Insura Even
Small Yields In Some
Sections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— T0-day was
the hottest day in April ever recorded
here save one. At noon the Weather
Bureau announced 98 degress in the
shade. A hot wind is blowing
from the north and grain is withering.
The great lack of moisture in Southern
California will be augmented by this
weather, and fruit and grain crops will
doubtless suffer.
MILTON. April 13.— This is the second
day of extreme heat, the thermometer
registering 93 degrees. The crops are
being fairly burned up, and unless a
change of weather with rain comes within
a day or two this vicinity will have to
report a practical failure of crops. The
feed is drying rapidly, and sheen owners
will be obliged to turn their flocks to
wiird the mountains. Congressman de
Vries having secured a modification of
the rules governing the Sierra Park re
serve, whereby cheep will be allowed to
feed within its limits this season.
RESULTS OF RACES
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Algol Wins a Sprint and Isabey a
Mile Event at Montgomery
Park.
MEMPHIS, April 13.-Re3Ults at Mont
gomery Park:
Four furlongs— Sea Linn won, Laurentlan
seennd, Parker Bruce third. Time, :.".l.
Five furlonuß— Algol won. Horseshoe Tobacco
pocond, Krandywine third. Time, l:03V».
One mile, allowances— lsa bey won, Time
maker second, Millßtream third. Time, V.43%.
Six furlong*, sellings-George B. Cox won,
Wilson second, Henrica third. Time, 1:17.
tine mile, selling— Basquil won, Assignee sec
ond, Jim Flood third. Time. 1:44H-
One mile, over four hurdles, selling— Captain
Pearsol won, Alfonsona second, My Luck third.
Time, 1:55.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— Results at
Benning:
Six furlongs— Sanders won. The Manxman
second, The Tory third. Time, 1:16^.
Four and a half furlongs— Lucid won. First
Fruit second, C.asford third. Time, 1:23.
Four furlongs— Gold Fox won, The Diver sec
ond, Al Reeves third. Time, :50%.
Seven furlongs— Louise N won, Passover sec
ond. Snapshot third. Time, 1:38.
One mile— Mazarln won. Cherry Leaf second,
King T third. Time, 1:45.
CINCINNATI, April 13.— Th« Newport
track was muddy to-day.
Six and a half furlongs, selling:— Anaheim
won, Practitioner second, Don Campbell third.
Time, 1:23.
Six furlongs— Black Venus won, Hermlon sec
ond, O'Emma third. Time, 1:18.
Six and a half furlontnv- Bon Jour won,
Stanza second. Little Music third. Time, 1:25.
Five furloncs, Belling— Deblaia won, Hal Oar
ret second, John F. Vogt third. Time, 1:04%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Banquo II won,
Swordsman second, Carrie Lisle third. Time,
1:62%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Marlto won,
Panehita II second, Cecil third. Time, 1:23%.
Accidentally Shot by His Sou.
STOCKTON, April 13.— Charles Lam
bert was accidentally shot by his son
near Valley Springs In Calaveras Coun
ty yesterday. The son, a lad of 13,
had jumped out of his carria -c to take
a shot at a rabbit and in putting the
gun back it was discharged. The whole
charge of shot entered the calf of Mr.
Lambert's left leg and he may lose the
limb. He was brought home to Stock
ton to-day.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017- 1023 Mission.
Sudden Death of an Ex-Soldier.
"William L. Cashman, an ex-soldier, 61
years old, died suddenly yesterday while
being taken from the What Cheer House
to the City and County Hospital. Au
topsy Surgeon Gallagher found that
pneumonia was the cause of death.
Hence it was decided not to hold an in
quest
SKINE RECOMMENDED FOR MARSHAL.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— As exclusively predicted in The Call's Washing
ton dispatches State Senator J. H. Shine was to-day recommended by the Califor
nia delegation for Marshal for the Northern District of California, and Henry Z.
Osborne for the Southern District.
WILETT WILL
GO TO FOLSOM
JLife Imprisonment the
Baden Murderer's
Punishment
Sentence Pronounced After the
Hearing of Testimony at
Redwood City.
Officials Repeat the Confession Made
to Them by the Accused
Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 13. -Judge
George H. Buck this morning heard
; testimony in the case of James Wilett
one of the three men implicated in the
killing of C. A. Andrews at the Grand
Hotel in Baden on the 17th day of last
November. An information was filed
| against him in the Superior Court,
charging him with murder, and on
Monday he pleaded "guilty." The court
thereupon set to-day as the time for
hearing testimony and passing sen
tence.
Sheriff J. H. Mansfield and District
Attorney H. W. Walker testified to
statements and admissions made by de
fendant to them. On Saturday last the
District Attorney had an interview
with Wilett in the County Jail and
I at that time the full particulars of the
attempted robbery, which resulted in
murder, were told by Wilett.
About ten days prior to the 17th of
November the three men — Wilett, Ray
mond and Winters — planned to rob the
Grand Hotel at Baden, run by Mr. Fer
riter. About a week before the mur
: der Raymond and Winters went to Ba
i den to inspect the premises and learn
I the pay day of the packing works, a
! great many employes of which were
i boarding at Ferriter's.
On the afternoon of the 17th the three
j men took the county road leading to
I Baden and stopped at the old Baden
! station about a mile from the Grand
j Hotel. There they separated and Win
ters went directly into the town. Ray
mond and Wilett arrived in town con
siderably later. The three met ac
cording to appointment and went to
; the hotel.
Wilett says Raymond was the man
who did all the shooting, who fired the
shots that killed Andrews. He was
present in the hotel at the time. After
the crime he made his escape to a milk
ranch near Baden and finally worked
his way to Arizona, where he was cap
tured by the officers.
In giving his testimony the District
Attorney repeatedly turned to the pris
oner and asked him if what he was
saying was true, and always got an
affirmative answer.
The court found that the defendant
was guilty of murder in the first de
gree, but under the circumstances said
he would not impose the extreme pen
alty of the law. He pronounced the
life sentence. As the defendant had
a preference and desired to be con
fined in Folsom Prison, the court made
the order accordingly.
CANNOT ENFORCE
THE LIQUOR LAWS.
Gage Reports on the Impossibility of
Federal Officers in Alaska to Cope
With Public Sentiment.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— Responding
to a resolution of Inquiry in regard to the
enforcement of t-e liquor law In Alaska
Secretary Gage sent a statement to the
Senate, in wnich he says that, notwith
standing the efforts of the department, it
is a fact that the law is openly violated.
It has, he says, been' reported to the de
partment that fo-ty saloons do business
in Juneau, a town of less than 4000 in
habitants, while in Sitka. which contains
less than 1000 white inhabitants, there are
twelve saloons.
"The universal public sentiment in the
Territory," says tne Secretary, "is bit
terly opposed to the enforcement of the
liquor law, and ue efforts of the officers
are met with intimidation, threats, vio
lence and attempts at bribery."
He says an agent of the department who
reported this condition was indicted, xhe
Secretary says:
"The statement has been made repeat
edly by judicial officers of the Territory
that no Grand jury in Alaska would in
dict any person arrested for violating the
liquor law."
The report closes with the stntem nt
that it is impossible to enforce the pr«w
ent law against the existing public senti
ment.
Buying Oregon Grain.
STOCKTON, April 13.— The scarcity
of grain and the high price at which it
is held has compelled the mills to seek
a supply elsewhe c, and this morning
a deal for 5000 tons of Oregon grain was '
closed. The grain will be snipped here I
by steamer and river boat via San
Francisco and the amount will keep
the mills busy for many v.eeks.
The fiuxrimile «-_ -— fc on every wrapper
signature of UU^jft^SlU of CASTORUL
MOODY NAMED
FOR CONGRESS
Will Make the Race in
the Second District
of Oregon.
Anti- Mitchell Faction From
Multnomah Seated in
the Convention.
Warring Forost Harmonized After a
Contest Lasting Through th«
Entire Day.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., April 13.— 1n the
Republican Congressional convention,
for the Second District of Oregon, at
Astoria this evening, Malcome A.
Moody of The Dalles was nominated by
acclamation for Congressman. This
action was preceded by a settlement of
the contest between the delegations
from Multnomah County and the ad
mission of the regular delegation. The
contest began at 10 o'clock this morn
ing, the very moment of opening, and
continued, with several recesses, until
7:30 this evening.
In calling the convention to order
Chairman Carey did what he could to
favor the supporters of Mitchell and
Ellis. By his action he split the con
vention in two and for several hours
two Republican conventions for the
Second* District were in session. Car
ey's convention consisted of about thir
ty members from the co-untry and the
sixty Mitchell delegates from Multno
mah. The regular convention was
made up of about fifty country dele
gates and the sixty regular delegates
from Multnomah. The first was nom
inally in session from 10 to 1, and ad
journed until Friday morning' at 10.
The second, immediately after tempo
rary organization, appointed a commit
tee on credentials and took a recess un
til 2 o'clock.
C. "VV. Fulton of Astoria undertook
and successfully carried out a plan to
harmonize the party in this district and
after numerous conferences brought the
Mitchell faction into the regular con
vention. There, shortly after 7 o'clock,
all the delegates outside of Multnomah
County decided by a vote of 48 to 32
that a compromise was inadvisable and
subsequently by a vote of 47 to 33 ad
mitted the regular Republicans to seats
in the convention. It was now evident
that Ellis would have no chance for the
nomination against Moody so his name
was not presented to the convention
and Moody was nominated by acclama
tion.
At a caucus of all the del 'gates out
side of Multnomah at the convention
hall to-nigrht it was Informally declared
that the election for temporary chair
man to-morrow shall be by ballot and
that balloting shall not begin u/itil
there shall have been ample time for
nominations. M. L. Chamberlin of
Marion presided and J. B. Eddy of
Douglas wa elected secretary.
The impression prevails that the
Multnomah case will not be reopened
in the State convention, t ugh this is
by no means certain. The temper of the
delegates may undergo a change be
tween now and morning. However it
is believed that there 1b a majority in
the First District as well as in the
Second in f .vor of seating the regular
delegation from Multnomah. The pre
vailing temper of the convention seems
to be in favor of taking decisive action
now and thus ending the practice "of
sending double delegations from Mult
nomah.
FAST DOGS WILL COMPETE.
Greyhounds That Have Be«n En
tered for Saturday's Coursing
at Union Park.
Another large consignment of strong
hares was received yesterday by the at
tendants of the Union Coursing Park, and
the new arrivals, or at least a number of
them, will be afforded an opportunity of
testing their running abilities on Satur
day. Last evening a drawing was held at
Pythian Hall for an all-aged stake, which
resulted as follows:
All-aged stake— result: J. Sullivan's
Kilkenny Girl vs. R. B. Kay's Eclipse;
E- * orris Black Swan vs. Pasha kennels
Metallic; Vv'. C. Glasson's Terrona vs. D.
J. Healey's Rusty Gold; J. J. Edmonds 1
I'orget vs. G. Van Bergen's Ray Al Fon
so; P. J. Rusk's Van Neda vs. F. C.
Mack's Black Patti; Curtis & Sons' Cav
alier vs. J. McNeil's Sportsman; E. Cam
eron's Bendalong vs. K. J. Healey's
Laugh Last; J. Golden's Sarcastic vs. A.
J. Baldwin's Ben B; R. W. Mastic's
Gilt Edge vs. P. A. Williams' Minnie E;
E. V. Sullivan's Jester vs. Pasha kennel's
Santa Alicia; R. B. Kay's Cross Patch vs.
C. Strehl's Star Pointer; Pasha kennel's
Fair Helen vs. Al Austin's Douglas; J. J.
Kdmonds' Move On vs. J. Seimath's
County Don; S. W. Smith's Sans Souci vs.
McGarry & Caveney's Pigeon Toes; W. C.
Glasson's Magic vs. J, Seggerson's White
Chief; Pasha kennel's Firm Friend vs.
George Whitney's Theron; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan vs. Curtis & Son's Commodore;
Joseph Mazzane's Mona (guarded) vs. j.
Mazzane's Little Dorrit; E. J. Cronin's
Magnet vs. J. J. Warren s Sweet Li pg;
E V Sullivan's False Flatterer vs. J. r.
Dixon's Premier; Glade & McConnells
Marcella vs. Larkey & Rook's Myrtle;
J. Maszane's Donald vs. P. B. Butler^a
The Turk- R. Biggs' San Pedro vs. R. p>.
Kay's Carmody; Curtis & Son's Chartist
VS Th D c priz?s SS aßr°a B r°e n S. $100, $60, three of
$30, six of $15 and twelve of $o.
A consolation stake with no entry
charge will also be run and the prizes aro
$50 $25 and $15 to first, second and third
and $10 each to the next three dogs and
$5 each to u.e six dogs in rotation,
hovers of the sport may expect to wit
ness some great surprises on Saturday
and Sunday. ___^
HAS FLED FROM THE CITY.
The Bonds of Sidney Kellett, the No
torious Young Scamp, Declared
Forfeited.
Sidney Kellett having failed to appear
in Judge Low's court yesterday the judgd
declared 'his bonds forfeited and issued
a bench warrant for his arrest. The Su
perior Court had affirmed the judgment
on appeal.
Sidney was arrested some months ago
on charges of carrying a concealed weap
on and having burglars' tools in his pos«
session. He was convicted on both
charges and sentenced to six months in
the County Jail on each. He appealed,
and hi 3 bonds were fixed at $500 on each
charge. He was released on bonds ac
cepted by Judge Campbell, which led to
the fight between Campbell and Low as
to whether a judge other than the com
mitting magistrate had the right to ac
cept bonds on appeal, and Campbell won
before Judge Cook. Then the matter was
taken to the Supreme Court to test thq
constitutionality of Police Court 4, but
the case was dropped, as Low recogniied
Campbell's order of discharge.
Sidney has now fled from the city anq
left his bondsmen to face the music. They
are George P. O'Neill and Mark Senna,
and it is a question with Bond Inspector
Newman whether they are competent ta
stand the amount of $500 each.
Sidney is a bad young man. He was
the promoter of the scheme to assault
and rob o-ld man Isadore Goulet on Gold-,
en Gate avenue, and had the extra
ordinary good fortune to escape punish*
ment in the Superior Court.
A Rabbi Prays for Peace.
Rabbi Isidore Meyers offered a fervent
prayer during services yesterday morn
ing at the Bush-Btreet synagogue, which
brought tears to the eyes of many of hla
auditors. The tenor of his pathetic words
was for peace and good will and in dis
couragement of war to be settled by
sword or gunpowder. He hoped that
Congress would follow the wise course of
the President, in whom the public had
bo much trust and confidence. At the
end of his eloquent plea many in the
large assemblage congratulated the rabbi.
Dr. Meyers dllivered a powerful sermon
before a very large congregation on
"Israel's Answer to Jews and Gentiles."
You ; weak ? If so, why ?
You know, that when you
were born you were fairly
treated by Dame Nature.
Then why are you puny to-
day? There may be a se-
1 nr cret about this, but you may
ft II I be certain this, but are may
be certain that you are not
11 11 I" the only weakling in the
IIIIL, world. Thousands of others
keep you company. \- You
have been drawing too freely
on the bank account which
\ . nature placed on deposit for
' you. If you have been fool -
: ■ ish it is now time to become
wise.
r
5 SSBSSSSSSSSSBBSBSsI
I
, Be sure the solution of the
difficulty is in your own
, hands. Alone you cannot
;• ; . be as strong, as big and as
, vigorous as you once were,
. but you can with the aid of
\/011 ' that great remedio-treat-
V llll ment, "Hudyan." i No other
I 111 1 thing will make your blood
! !UU tingle in your veins as it did
L in the days of your youth
and manliness. But this
' "Hudyan" will do. It has
! done it for 20,000 people.
Why should it fail with you ?
It will not. It cannot fail.
i
"Done up." That is what
i . you think you are. But if
you can find vigorous life
again ; if you can become
a whole man once more why
not do it ? You enjoy no
II If" I If (\ single ' one of the great
111 L A II J pleasures of life to-day to
W r Mil f the extent you should. If
II Lai II • you want to learn how many
men have been made whole
men by "Hudyan" write and
ask for free circulars and
testimonials telling you all
about it. Ask for advice on
any question if you are weak,
It is all free.
Copper-colored spots, teeth loose, and
all the other signs of blood taint must
be attended to. Ask for free "thirty-
day blood cure" circulars. That rem-
edy disposes of all blood taint quickly
and surely. It makes no difference
what the stage of the disease may be.
No charge whatever for all the infor-
mation you may want.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTS.,
San Francisco.
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FIFTH TRIP
STR. HUMBOLDT,
Most Popular Steamer on Alaska Route,
Sails lor
FORT WBANGEL. JUNEAU, SKAGUAT
and DYEA, via Seattle. ' No Transfer.
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 25.
POPULAR RATES. . :
JOHN A. MAG hi: JR., Agent,
310 Clay Street.
miiiiiiuiimib
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches, t Old Sores, Ulcers H
In Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write COOK REM-
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital 2a
|300,00 a Worst cases cured In 15 to 36 days, m
i 100-page book free, f .; . , ; ' ■
Bggfl DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
IflntSS Five hundred reward for anyeasa
■-■??> °Ti we cannot cure. This secret remedy
H stops losses. ln- 24 hours, cures
Five hundred reward for anycasa
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
E&S a Kmissione, Impotency, , Varlcocele
1 ivFl RilTi Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures!
\&£m KtS«J Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fe-'VQ MSB fects of self-abuse or excesses Sent
"ftfewWlM sealed. $2 br>ule;3 bottles, $6; guar-
anteed to cure. 'Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal Also
for sale at 1073* Market • st., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Bend for fre« book.
Weak Men and Women
: SHOULD UBE DAMIANA BITTERS
great Mexican Remedy; gtvea bMltfc m 2
■tnasth to Ui« mxual orcaaa, •■"•»• ■»" ROLLING IN FOAMING BILLOWS."
The British bark "Willscott had a second narrow escape from total de
struction while on her maiden voyage. She was launched in 1896 and
eighteen months ago left England for Capetown. From there she went to
Philadelphia in ballast and thence to Hiogo, Japan, with a cargo of oil.
She was caught in a squall and nearly capsized off the coast of Australia.
THE BARK
WILLSCOTT
DISMASTED
Caught in a Hurricane After
Leaving Japan and Very
Nearly Wrecked.
This Is Her Maiden Voyage, but it Is
the Second Time That She
Has Narrowly Escaped
Foundering.
The British bark Willscott reached port
In distress yesterday, after one of the
most remarkable voyages on record.
With the scantiest kind of a jury rig she
I covered over 3500 miles in sixty days and
now lies off Black Point, looking more
like a dismantled hulk than anything else.
The Willscott is on her maiden voyage,
having left England for Cape Town about
eighteen months ago. From South Africa
she went to Philadelphia in ballast, and
when off the coast of Tasmania, during
the voyage from Philadelphia to Hiogo,
Japan, with a cargo of oil she nearly cap-
sized. During a storm a heavy squall
struck and threw her on her beam ends..
Just when everybody was expecting her
to go down, the squall passed and she
gradually righted herself. After discharg
ing at Hiogo the Willscott started for
Victoria, B. C, in ballast, and when ten
days out became nearly a total wreck.
"We left Hiogo on February 3 last,"
said First Mate Disney yesterday. "Ter.
• days later we caught it. The wind
was from the NNE., and was gradually
working Itself up Into a hurricane. There
was i tremendous cross sea, and the ship
was rolling gunwales under. Everything
was snujrgcd down and the vessel was
doing fairly well under the fore and main
lower topsails and ■ the foretopmast and
mizzen staysails. . The wind blew harder
and harder and the ship rolled more and
more until at 3:15 p. m. the foretopmast
buckled just below the cheeks of the
mast and all the spars and gear fell over
board to starboard with the exception of
the foreyard and lower topsallyard,
which fell on the forecastle head and
eventually rolled overboard. "
"Before anything could be done with
the wreckage the main lowermast buckled
lust below the cheeks of the mast, and a
few seconds later, buckled again about six
feet for the deck. All hands were at once
set to work cutting away and clearing the
wreckage and In getting rid of the spars
that were doing their best to batter a hole
In our starboard side. The thumping was
so great that it started the butt straps
between the third and fourth sister keel
sons and made the hull leak slightly
"At 6 a, m. on February- 14 -the spanker
boom, gaff and mizzen' topmast carried
away, and there we lay like a log in the
water. : At this time the storm was at its
height and we expected every moment to
be our last.
"When the gale had subsided a little
the captain; ordered an examination of
our damages. We found that the bow
sprit was still In place, but badly shaken
the leads for the stays and the bobstay
band carried away, the forecastle head
, rails/lighthouses, bell, ventilators, life
rail and ladders had been carried ■ away*
while the covering board and deck * was
. badly damaged. ,
A "The forward capstan was smashed,
r4r 4 sailors' forecastle damaged, two gigs
. swept overboard, skids and chocks
smashed. main fife-rail, starboard lite
boat, davits, skids, stanchions, bridge and
compass badly damaged. The mizzen
lowermast was very badly shaken, poop
rail," skylight, charthouse, ladders and
rails badly broken and damaged. Port
compass smashed and * poop - deck • and '
mala deck badly, cut up.
I "Six chain plates of the main rigging
I were broken, the pin rail in the wake of
■ the rigging was carried away and forty
| eight feet of the starboard bulwarks were
i smashed. Two chain plates of the fore
, rigging were broken, the chain rail in the
wake of the rigging carried away and
sixty-six feet of the bulwarks was badly
damaged. One of the stanchions of the
starboard bulwarks was bent and the
cement in the starboard scuppers was
damaged.
"Tuesday, February 15, at 10:30 a. m. we
sighted a full-rigged ship (the British
; ship Cpnway, bound for Puget Sound).
: \\ c hoisted our numbers and flew signals
i of distress as well as possible, but no
notice was talten of us in our predica
ment.
"The following day we got some sail
on the wreck, but on February 17 the
storm came up again and not only blew
: away the mizzen staysail but split the
spanker badly. When the storm mod
erated again we got two headstays to the
stump ot the foremast and set "our jibs,
lebruary 23 we got a spar across the
foremast and set a squaresail and four
days later another storm came up and
mew away our mizzen staysail again.
| During that gale one of the men named
■ bullivan was thrown into the scuppers
and hurt his back. He is now on the
sick list From that time on we had
plenty of gales, but luckily they all blew
in the direction of San Francisco, so that
in spite of our crippled condition there
was rarely a day that we did not make
from sixty-five to seventy knots.
"Saturday last. In latitude 38.44 north,
longitude 127.40 west, we sightc-d what we
took to be a disabled steamer, and if it
was not a steamer it must have been
some dismasted craft like ourselves. We
ran down toward her. but a rain squall
hid her from sight for a short time. Cap
tain Mitchell had his signals all ready to
set, but when the squall had passed there
was not a trace of the vessel to be seen.
We were off Point Reyes nearly all day
Tuesday and flew slgna'ls, but the man on
the lookout did not see us. Eventually,
however, we were picked up by the tug
Reliance and brought into port."
It will cost a small fortune to repair
the Willscott. and it will be several
months before ehe will be ready to go to
sea again. The vessel was fully insured,
so the loss will fall on the underwriters.
She is 19S1 tons burden and was built at
Glasgow In 1896. She Is owned by Hickie,
Borman & Co. of London.
Ocean View Bepublican Club.
A large delegation of Ocean View Re
publicans assembled at Fisher's Hall on
Tuesday evening and organized what will
be known as the Ocean View Republican
Club. It will be the aim of the club to
promote harmony in the Republican
ranks throughout that section and to
work for the best interests of the party.
The following are the officers and com
mittees: President, H. B. Griffiths; sec
retary, O. Lesser; treasurer, I. N. Gates;
enrollment committee— B. Balesworth
(chairman), L. Rosenthal, C. E. Carlson,
William Fisher and M. C Neubauer: ex
ecutive committee— William Fisher (chair
man), L. Morrison, P. L. Griffiths, i,.
Brown. D. Hughes, 11. Kiefen, J. r.
Blanchard. 11. E. Griffiths, I. N. Gates
and O. Lesser.
THE ft'A-W FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
From Japan she started for Victoria, B. C, in ballast, and when ten days
out was dismasted in a hurricane. Luckily she had nothing but favorable
gales after that and she made the run to San Francisco under a jury rig
in sixty days. She looked like a wreck yesterday morning when she came
to an anchor off Black Point.
FOREST QUEEN
STILL MISSING
The Bark Is Probably
Disabled and Off the '
Usual Course.
Captain Nelson Has Asked the
Collector to Send Out a
Cutter.
F. Giovanni, a T«rra-Cotta Worker,
Jumps Overboard From th©
Bay City.
There Is still no word from the bark
Forest Queen and the owners are getting
very anxious about her. Captain Nelson
thinks she Is dismasted and drifting
about outside, and seafaring men are of
the opinion that It might have been the
lumber vessel which Captain Mitchell of
the Willscott sighted last Saturday. Cap
tain Nelson called upon the Collector of
the Port yesterday and asked that one
of the revenue cutters be sent out to look
for the overdue bark. If she Is out of the
run of the coasters and is dismasted she
may drift around for months before be
ing picked up. If, therefore, a cutter can
be spared it Is the duty of the Collector
to send one out at once.
The steamer Morgan City discharged
the little steam launch Yale, which she
brought from New York on her deck,
yesterday. She was built for an 18 knot
flyer, but cannot do better than 14 knots.
S-e was taken to Belvedere during the
afternoon and will remain there until
the Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company
finds something for her to do on the
Yukon.
F. Giovanni, who Is employed In the
terra cotta works In Alameda, tried to
commit suicide yesterday. He jumped
overboard from the steamer Bay City on
the 7 a. m. trip and was only rescued
with difficulty, as he was determined to
drown. At the Harbor Receiving Hospital
he said he was dirty and jumped over
board to have a wash. As he showed
symptoms of Insanity the doctors held
him for further examination.
Spear street wharf began sfnking yes
terday and the freight stored on it had
to be removed in a hurry. The wharf
was condemned by Chief Engineer
Holmes of the Harbor Commission
over two months ago. and the
work of repairing it cannot begin until
the injunction suit now pending is de
cided. The rush of shipping compelled
the chief wharfinger to use the wharf
however, but only a certain amount of
freight was allowed on it at a time. Even
that little was too much, however, and
the wharf settled six inches under It in
an hour.
The quarters for the Tiburon and Sau
salito ferries are now ready In the new
depot, and the old sheds that have done
duty for offices for so long are to be
torn down and removed. Inside of a few
weeks the new Union Depot will be oc
cupied for the first time.
On account of repairs to the Folsom
street wharf the steamship Morgan City
has been transferred to Jackson street
wharf. She will leave on the lGth inst
for Dyea, Skaguay and Juneau.
Uncle Sam now wants men and wants
them In a hurry. At the naval rendez
vous they are enlisting machinists
firemen, ordinary seamen and landsmen'
There are plenty of applications, and two
recruiting officers and two doctors are
kept busy all day examining the appli
cants.
Japanese Immigrants Examined.
TV. M. Rice, United States Immigration
Commissioner at Victoria, B. C, arrived
last Tuesday evening for the purpose of
examining the methods pursued by United
States Commissioner North of this city
in passing upon the right of a certain
class of immigrants to land here. Immi
gration Commissioner Rodgers of Phila
delphia is here fir the same purpose, his
mission hither being a result of the com
plaint of the Japanese Minister at Wash
ington that Commissioner North did not
snow Japanese immigrants fair play and
discriminated against them while favor
ing other nationalities.
The gent!' men spent yesterday after
noon in attending the examination of Jap
anese immigrants on hoard of the Peru
and familiarizing themselves with the
methods of the special board of inquiry.
FEMALE THIEF
IN BLACK
Miss Muller Cleverly Re
lieved of Her Purse
and "Watch.
Discovered the Thief, but Al
lowed Her to Make
an Escape.
The Bold Operations of a Mysterious
Female In th« Western
Addition.
The mysterious woman In black, as
the police have designated her, is again
at work in the Western Addition. Last
Monday afternoon she entered the resi
dence of Miss Muller, a dressmaker, at
2404 Sutter street, and stole a purse con
taining some money and a gold watch.
Miss Muller had left the house for a
few minutes and on her return she dis
covered the mysterious visitor.
After apologizing for having entered
the house during the absence of the
occupant, the woman burglar said she
was anxious to have a waist made pre
paratory to spending a short vacation
at Santa Cruz. Not suspecting any
thing wrong Miss Muller asked her
what kind of a waist she desired to
have made. Taking out her watch and
noting the time the mysterious visitor,
after saying that she had an important
engagement, promised to return yester
day morning.
Shortly after she had left Miss Muller
discovered that her purse and watch
were missing. Convinced that the wo
man had taken It she at once notified
the policeman on the beat. He made a
search for the thief but was unable to
get a trace of her.
Last night Miss Muller visited police
headquarters and gave a description of
the watch. She described the woman
as being of medium height and dressed
in black. She said the woman bore
evidence of refinement and spoke with a
slight foreign accent.
During the past several months the
same woman has been operating in the
Western Addition, and notwithstanding
the efforts of the police she has suc
cessfully managed to elude arrest. Im
mediately after the case was reported
to Chief Lees he detailed Detectives
Bee and Harper to visit the various
pawnshops in the hope that the woman
might have sold the stolen time-piece.
AMATEUR BOXINQ CONTESTS.
The Excelsior, Manhattan and San
Francisco Athletic Clubs Will
Entertain Members.
The Excelsior Athletic Club Is making
very extensive preparations for Its fistic
entertainment on Friday evening. The
Call has already published the programme
and it is sufficient to say that the mem
bers can safely count upon witnessing a
first-class evening's sport.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give its next entertainment on the even
ing of May 3. As the directors have an
nounced that the first prize will be a
diamond medal and the second prize a
gold watch, the entry Is consequently
large. It Includes the following clever
amateur boxers: William Quinn, James
McCarthy, Charles Dlxon, W. B. Dirks,
R. Condon, F. Schuler, William Murnane,
J. Dean, J. McMahon, J. D. Ellis, G.
Savage, J. Kenny, J. Crawfleld, J. p.
Tirst and J. Ennis.
Alexander Greggains and Frank
Schuler will box three rounds as an eye
opener to the events of the evening. The
club will hold a social dance on April 20,
and on Sunday, the 24th inst., the annual
picnic will take place at Mirabell Park,
Sonoma County.
The Manhattan Athletic Club is de
termined to give its members a first-class
evening's sport on Friday evening, the
2f»th inst., at 1749 Mission street, and with
that object In view it has arranged an
excellent athletic programme.
Advanced made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mlsdioa.
AWAITING
MARCHING
ORDERS
Troops at the Presidio
Are All in Readi-
ness to Fight.
General Shafter Goes to
Benicia To-Day to In-
spect the Garrison.
Lieutentant Frank Greene, Sig
nal Officer, Instructs a Class
of Enlisted Men.
ORDERS RECENTLY ISSUED.
Captain Fr«nk da I— Carrlngton, First
Infantry, U. S. A., Expects to
Rejoin His Regiment
The First United States Infantry sta
tioned at the Presidio is ready to march
and waiting to receive further orders.
There is nothing to do now but wait.
Every company of the regiment is pre
pared to move at the word of command.
The wagons are ready and the com
pany property, tents, kits and so on,
can be loaded on the teams at once and
taken to the boat or railroad station.
Every dispatch from Washington,
Madrid and Havana is carefully read
by the soldiers. Enlisted men and of
ficers have about dismissed all thought
of a peaceful adjustmpnt of the dif
ferences between the United States and
Spain. The army people do not un
derrate the fighting qualities of the
Spanish. The fact is understood that
Spain is in position to put up a pretty
strong oattle on the sea and do some
effective fighting on land. The ability
of the United States to end Spanish
sway in Cuba is not doubted in the
least. The opinion Is expressed by
some of the enlisted men that it would
not be good management to send Amer
ican soldiers and horses to Cuba until
next fall. The summer climate on the
island would kill six soldiers where
Spanish bullets would kill one.
The order issued by Colonel Miles,
the commanding officer of the Presidio,
directing that no officer shall leave the
post without special permission from
headquarters is still in force.
The following was issued yesterday:
Presidio of San Francisco, California,
April 13, IS9B.
General Orders No. 8.
In compliance with paragraph 228, A. R.,
and under such Instructions as may be given
him, Lieutenant-Co: nel W. F. Randolph,
Third Artillery, will take charge o. and super-
Intend the tactical instruction of the light and
foot batteries of artillery at this po«t required i
by drill regulations and orders, directing offi
cers and men in regard to their duties where
l'aitiuipatlng therein. By order.
COLONEL. MILES.
E. E. BENJAMIN, First Lieutenant, adjutant.
One paragraph of another order is
sued yesterday reads as follows:
Hereafter men on extra duty
will not be put on of her duly
!>v their organization com.
manders except 1»>" special
authority of the commanding
officer.
The Government steamer General
McDowell, after Its regular trip this
morning will go to Fort Mason and
take on board General William R. Shaf
ter and First Lieutenant John D. Miley,
aid and engineer officer, and then pro
ceed to Benlcia barracks, where Gen
eral Shafter will make his regular an
nual inspection of that post. The of
ficers -will return to San Francisco this
afternoon.
Captain Frank de L. Carrington,
commanding Company X, First Infan
try, Presidio, who has been absent from
his regiment since September 30, 1895,
on duty with the National Guard of
California, was asked yesterday if he
expected to accompany his regiment
East in case orders were received from
the War Department directing it to
move. In reply Captain Carrington
stated that he daily expects telegraphic
orders from Washington relieving him
from duty with the California National
Guard and assigning him to duty with
his regiment. In case of war his com
pany, which is a skeleton company, will
be recruited to its full limit as pre
scribed by law.
First Lieutenant Frank Greene, Sig
nal Corps, United States army, chief
signal officer department of California,
is now undergoing an examination for
promotion, before a board of officers
convened at the Presidio, of which Col
onel Marcus P. Miller, Third Artillery,
is president. Lieutenant Greene has
charge of connecting electrically the
posts in San Francisco harbor, con
tracts for which work have already
been awarded.
Lieutenant Greene Is also giving in
struction to a class of thirty enlisted
men at the Presidio, from the infantry
and cavalry arm, for the purpose of
making them familiar with the code of
signals adopted by the United States
army.
The class is at present engaged In
sending and receiving messages be
tween the Presidio and Fort Point, but
shortly signal stations will be tempor
arily established at Fort Baker, Mount
Tamalpais, Alcatraz and Angel
islands, for the transmission and re
ceipt of messages. In case of war the
most proficient of the class will be
transferred to the Signal Corps.
Assistant Secretary Howell of the
Treasury Department has notified Col
lector Jackson of the adoption of a
resolution by Congress requiring the
admission free of duty of all guns, am
munition and other naval and military
supplies as may be purchased abroad
by the Government for the national de
fense prior to January 1, 1899.
THE LOBJNG CLUB CONCERT.
Odd Fellows' Hall Filled Last Even-
ing With a Large Audience
of Music Lovers.
The third concert of the Lorlng Club's
twenty-first season drew a large audience
of music lovers to Odd Fellows' Hall last
evening, where they were well rewarded
by hearing an excellent programme ren
dered. It Included ten selections of a clas
sical nature that were interpreted with
a true musical spirit under the able di
rection of D. P. Hughes. The soloists of
the evening were John Marquardt, violin
ist, and Arthur Weiss, violoncello. Mrs.
Carmichael Carr was the accompanist.
The singing of the chorus was excellent
and showed the results of careful train
ing and work and was warmly received
by the audience. The trio for the piano,
violin and violoncello evoked great ap
plause, while the numbers of Messrs.
Marquardt and Weiss were thoroughly
.appreciated, as was shown by the warmth
of the reception accorded these two
artists.
Coal Dealers to Be Arraigned.
The members of the Coal Dealers' As
sociation who have been indicted by the
United States Grand Jury have been or
dered to appear for arraignment on the
22d inst. before Judge de Haven.
THE EMPORIUM.
Thirty-three years ago to-night
jgi|g||j|ns||s assassin, dying the following day at
' W " : ~ hp^JSl To-day and to-morrow WE WILL PRE-
H ".£§& PP SENT FREE TO ANY ONE ASKING
>^Jk:\W / ' FOk IT a copy of the (H^ew York Herald
t of April 15, printed shot by an
assassin, dying the folloimng day at
To-day and to-morrow WE WILL PRE-
SENT FREE TO ANY ONE ASKING
FOR IT a copy of the (Nfav York Herald
of April 15, 1865, printed from original
plates, and giving a full account of this
J^ffl|lp/%|. great national calamity. This interesting
historical paper also contains the report of
: V/m^H^^^EyV^ Lee's Surrender, Sherman's (March, the
r[//ri WjpQ Bombardment of (Mobile and Jefferson
v//[v mJysll Davis' Last proclamation.
New York Herald given away
in main aisle — rear of rotunda.
Printed . ,
Organdies %jL
2C 1 arch |^M^
Fresh from the factory — \^^C
just opened — 1000 pieces of V?v£o*of^ rfjxK
the PRINTED ORGAN- 3rrm^^/^T/^
DIES FOR 1898, comprising
about one hundred of the '^^Qj£^p2&
daintiest, prettiest patterns ~""5w? . : -s3s?*- — .-"■
of sheer Wash Fabrics that
you have ever seen. They should be 20c a yard, but to
inaugurate the Wash Fabric season we have I'J 1^
decided to : sell this lot at I^2V,
Special Sale Organdies at tables
in main aisle to-day. To-morrow at
counters in Wash Goods Section.
g\ W\ 'v-v Friday and Saturday only we
\3vlC li r ess win offer on bar g ain ' tabies in
/v -'*<^ main aisle —
£> i I 187 pieces (7480 yards) of
boods bale Dress Goods, in colors and
vr vrvr**sjr y*r*m mv^ hlack; embracing the largest
"T" JkM assortment of styles and
I O"PriOf POW. weaves in town— afl wool and
m H-r itivi 1 VTT • silk a nd wool( with the cx _
ception of a few mohairs— widths 38, 40, 46 and 50 inches
some worth $1, many worth 75c, and the poorest of them the
best 50c values to be found anywhere— best to come in forenoon
— better chance to make your unrestricted ' pick — any [»a n
quantity that you want, yard ....!.. OUC
Bargain Tables main aisle
Two days — Friday and Saturday.
T ry '^ s—^ Three great drives
I O-Uay S for Thursday and
■ V ms^mj s* Friday only. Your
: B ;'--'£y-*m~L; '--'£y-*m~L *+■*%. lm+ . money refunded if you
iV"' — \ \jrocerv arenotsatUfied. Other
j\fp \ 7 specials on daily price
''m£Si Specials. ; sss
py y*vpp J "^ —South 59.
|— J y^_ Columbus or Cutting's Standard To-
/ /iSf^l matoes, can • ..........5c
/• /'/ j^JVuk.' * (Only 12 cans sold to one person).
'S-2/ \_J/ Fancy Eastern Hams, superior quality
l^SSi guaranteed, per lb 10c
Golden Rule Catsup, reliable standard make, bottle.. lsc
Grocery Department — main floor —
* On Jessie-street side.
The Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar
DRAGGED UNDER
A STREET CAR
Little Lawrence Keefe's Nar
row Escape From
Death.
His Leg Broken and. His Whole
Body Badly Cut and
Bruised.
Lawrence Keefe, a nine-year-old boy
living with his parents at 1019 Van Ness
avenue, fell from an eastbound Ellis
street car at Ellis and Franklin streets
yesterday afternoon and received serious
injuries.
The boy, with a couple of companions,
had gone out on a junketing expedition
to Lone Mountain, and, becoming weary
on the way home, young Keefe jumped
on the front end of the car. Just how the
accident occurred is not known, but in
some manner the boy fell off the car and
was caught between the front step and
the ground. The car at the time was
going full speed down the hill and the
boy was dragged fully half a block before
ADVERTISEMENTS.
88888888888888888 00 88888888888888888^
1 SPEAKING|||faOF CURES!
a Rupture Cured in Two Iffi^^fe^P He Feels Like a Boy of |
§| Months. '^W^^'h Fifteen. - . «
8 ™ S
$ Occidental, Calif.. '
£ , Feb. 28th, 189 S. .' . . '
« DR. PIERCE & SOX— Gentle- •  - ,
V* : men: I wish to Inform you that the Truss
*•* > which I purchased at ' your office : the 1 6th
8 cf last December CURED ; km of • Rupture
# In TWO MONTHS. I am c t sixty years.
« of age. • , .■;•:.< :-"■.■ ■ : . t '-"" ':'-■.>.':•_
- There is no mistake ; about the fact that
%* your ?. celebrated '■ ' Magnetic ■ Elastic Truss
« : will positively « CURE ;• RUPTURE, i and . I
y>. heartily recommend' it to all ruptured per- 1
g sons. : Yours sincerely,,* C. 8. COLLINS. •
M If ruptured," call or send 2c in stamps for
w our New ' Book .on Rupture. ■ . Trusses i fitted 1
** »- at . office \ without ; extra ■ charge. •- Address , j
8 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
'& f* €}{\ MARKET STREET, Opposite :•; :
w ■ . \Jjtm\J ■■■ ' - Palace , Hots I.' San Francisco.
« Or 35 and SG Sullivan Block, 712 First aye., ;
# SEATTLE. c: _ -.;;■:;■.:;' -....: \j~, : ;,j ;■.■'■,
O888&888888 8 8 O. O 8 8 BSC
THE EMPORIUM.
he was discovered. Dr. Wilson, who
chanced to be passing at the time, took
the little fellow in-o his buggy and drove
at once to the San Francisco Polyclinio
at 404 Ellis street, where he made a hasty
examination, and, finding the boy baaiy
injured, at once took him to his home,
where the family physicians, the Drs.
Sullivan, were called in.
It was found that the boy's leg was
broken near the ankle, his back badly con
tused, and there was an ugly cut about
two inches long on his head. It was
reared at first that the spine was injured,
but the doctors now think there is noth
ing more serious than a few bad bruises
on the back.
Free Public Market.
The special committee of the Produ
cers' and Farmers' Free Market Conven*
tion held a meeting yesterday, at which
there were present E. F. Adams. John
Swett of Martinez, W. P. Cragin of San
Jose, S. S. Peck, of Petaluma and J. M.
Moore of Alameda. At one of the prt
vious meetings there were three sub
committees appointed to confer with the
transportation companies, the commis
sion men and the Harbor Commissioners.
Reports were received from these and
discussed at length. It was decided to
leave the data furnished by the three
committees in the hands of the chair
man, who will later on present the whola
matter In the form of a concise report.
It is the desire of the body to meet with
a body of commission men and arranga
for concerted action in the matter of
getting a free public market on the waten
iront.
WSI. H. SAWYER of Berdell Z,
■ Station, '. Sonoma County, writes ft
■ as follows: ££
"I cannot refrain from saying that I con- y-
elder your : 'Galvanic Chain Belt' to be one ■"'•c
of the greatest Inventions on earth, for It , iS
has given me such LIFE AND VIGOR CD
that I feel as young and spry as a boy of: Q
fifteen years of age. Without your Belt I w
felt weak and without energy; but with
your Belt and • Suspensory, on lam : one of Q
the most active, vigorous and happy men ; w
you \ will -be able to meet anywhere. : Your **
Belt" is certainly a v wonderful invention. : Q
and if others only knew as much about it „<
as I do, no man or woman In the State of «
California would be without it for a single - >-<
day." • ?■.:--. v •.■' £.'•"■•--' . . ■ ■ . '■', w
> For full particulars of Dr. Pierce' Patent ■;■, 8
Electric . Belt call or send stamp for ': our '■ y^
new Illustrated "Pamphlet- No. 2." -.Ad-^-W
dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market «
St., San Francisco, \or 35 and ;36 Sullivan C!;
Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. - ;; , : C?
56
THURSDAY .APRIL 14, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAK E,^ Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f
Telephone Main 1868. "; .i •
EDITORIAL ROOMS . . . £17 to £2! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574. %I'j
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per month
" C 5 cents- '
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World B«ildinft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££s Hoono
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CIHCAGO OFFICE Marqnette Bnlldlnft
C. GEORGE KROG.NESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, comer Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clock.. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. €21 McAllister street, open until 9*30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open QQtil 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock.. £2** Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- KM
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- KM Eleventh,
•tree*, open until 9 o'clock;. 1806 Polk street, open
until 0-.30 o'clock.. NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, qpoj tmtfl 9 o'clook. .;H'v"-?
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger In New York."
Columbia— "Shore Acres "
California— "Old Lavender."
Alcazar— "'The Strangre Adventures of Hiss Brown."'
Morosco's— "Pavements of New York."
Tlvoll— "Sinbad the Sailor."
Tlvoll— Concert this afternoon,
Crpheum— Vaudeville.
Sherman & Clay's Hall— Palom'a Behramm. to-nlrhu
V. M. C. A. Hall-'The Passion Play."
The Chutes -Zoo. Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Speol&ltles.
California Jockey Cluo. Oakland— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. .T. Earth-Thts day, April 14. Furnltur*. at 414 MoAllls-
ter street, at 11 o'clock.
By N K. Clark-This day, April 14, Turkish Burs, at 108
Grout avenue at i o'clock.
THjE HOT WOVE AND ITS EFFECTS.
ACCORDING to reports that come to us from
the interior of the State the effects of the hot
wave have been as beneficial to some industries
as injurious to others. To the orchards it has brought
profit, but to the grain and grass growers it ha* in
flicted loss. Thus we may take an optimistic view of
the situation and cite the wave as another evidence
that whatever weather comes some of our diverse in
terests are benefited, or we may complain with the
pessimists that no matter what comes somebody gets
hurt.
Considered from a strictly commercial point of
view, without reference to particular industries and
without regard to either optimism or pessimism, the
general result of the hot weather seems to have in
creased the value of the crops of the State. All the
fruit districts report that prospects are now much
brighter than they were. The orchardists are more
hopeful than they have been for months past, and it
is believed by most of them that if a fair amount of
rain falls before the spring is over the result will be
a fruit crop that will be fully equal 'to the yield of
average years.
This season has been so exceptional in every re
spect that it is not easy to predict the future. We
had one of the coldest and dryest winters on record,
and now the spring brings to us ihe hottest weather
in April that we have known for ten years. It is clear
that we are hardly likely to have average conditions
during the rest of a season which has thus far run its
course in such an unprecedented way, but whether
the variation from the average will be on the »ide-of
more rain than usual or less is a question on which a
prediction will be ventured only by those who are
in the habit of basing their weather prophecies on the
way the hedgehog feeds and the ram faces when the
wind blows.
The greater evil of the year has fallen upon the
cattlemen, -but it is possible that out of this some
good may come. It has directed public attention to
the wrong done by our quarantine laws and has
aroused efforts to provide a remedy. These efforts
*re not likely to be wholly in vain, and perhaps out
i)f the distress of the dry season there may come a
sufficient mass of argument to induce our law-makers
to take some action that will relieve California cattle
of the bad name that rests upon them and open a
way for the better conditions in the future.
BETTER PROSPECTS FOR WINE MEN.
IZJ ROM every point of view the prospects of wine
makers and wine-dealers in California have been
* brightened by the recent agreement on the part
of the contending associations to seek a friendly and
mutually beneficial settlement of their differences
through the assistance of the State Board of Trade.
So many futile efforts at attaining a satisfactory basis
of agreement between the makers and the dealers
have been made in the past that it is evident some
;>utside mediation will be necessary to bring about
i harmonious arrangement, and no body of men better
fitted for that service could be found than the one
selected.
The importance of the wine interest of the State
is well known. It is one of the most valuable depart
ments of our rural industry, and yet for some years
past it has not been so remunerative to the producers
as it should have been. The income derived from it
by the community as a whole has been large, but the
men engaged in it have in too many instances hardly
received adequate wages for their labor, much less
interest on their investments. This condition of af
fairs led long ago to serious attempts at the adoption
Df some measures that would make the industry more
profitable, but up to this time radical differences be
.ween the dealers and the makers have prevented the
iccomplishment of the cesired object.
The new movement promises well. Both associa
tions have cordially agreed to co-operate with the
committee appointed by the State Board of Trade
in seeking an adjustment of the points in controversy.
It is estimated that upward of 30.000.000 gallons of
wine will be produced in the State this year, and the
amount of money involved is therefore considerable.
Wine-making is one of the industries of California
tvhich have the largest possibilities of expansion.
The American people are slowly but surely learning
the benefits of using wholesome table wines, and the
home market is widening. Moreover, the European
demand for our wine is growing. The area of the
State fitted for cultivation of wine grapes is enor
mous. If, therefore, we can fix the industry on a
paying basis and harmonize the two branches of it
so that co-operative work will be possible, the out
look of the industry will be as bright as that of any
in the State.
Another murderer has pleaded guilty. He deserves
j» «ou of thanks and a speedy hanging.
THE MINORITY MARPLOTS.
THE opposition in Congress has united on this
joint resolution and desires the United States
to go to the world on it:
"Resolved, by the Senate and House of Represen
| tatives of the United States, in Congress assembled:
"Section I. The United States Government hereby
recognizes the independence of the republic of Cuba.
"Section 2. That moved thereto by many consider
! ations of humanity, of interest and of provocation,
among which are the deliberate mooring of our
battle-ship Maine over a submarine mine and its de
struction in the harbor of Havana, the President of
the United States be, and hereby is, directed to em
ploy immediately the land and naval forces of the
United States in aiding the republic to maintain the
independence hereby recognized.
"Section 3. The President of the United States is
hereby authorized and directed to extend immediate
relief to the starving people of Cuba, and for this pur
pose the sum of $1,000,000 is hereby appropriated."
This Government cannot recognize a thing unless
it exists. Therefore the resolution presupposes the
actual existence of Cuban independence, in the form
of a republic, and the existence ther« of a govern
ment capable of fulfilling international obligations
and of protecting person and property within its
jurisdiction.
Next the resolution introduces an offensive and
defensive alliance with this independent government
and bind* the United States in such alliance to aid
it with ships and armies in maintaining its indepen
dence. Then $1,000,000 is appropriated out of the
United States treasury to relieve the starving people,
who, according to the first section of the resolution,
have achieved independence and erected a republic.
We are to send an army to "aid" this independent
nation; our soldiers are to fight under the orders
of its military commanders, and at the same time our
taxpayers are to feed and clothe the starving citizens
of this free and independent republic!
Again we are "provoked" to do this because the
Maine exploded in a harbor which must belong to
this independent nation, if it have the jurisdiction
presupposed in the preamble.
The international lawyers and publicists of the op
position who propose that the Government of the
United States shall play second fiddle to the Junta,
and that General Miles shall take his orders from
General Gomez, do not explain the connection be
tween the Maine explosion and Cuban indepen
dence, though the verbiage of the resolution infers
that the two events are connected and that Cuban
independence became a fact internationally recogniz
able when the ship blew up. The pseudo patriots
who daily inform the world that the President is a
traitor should follow up their plan of fighting for
and feeding an independent republic which, if inde
pendent, would be able to do its own fighting and
feeding, by a proposition to annex the United States
to the republic of Cuba and exchange President Mc-
Kinley for whoever happens to be at this moment
President of that island.
Heretofore this country and all countries that are
civilized have abided by the rule that a revolting
people are independent only when able to maintain
themselves without aid. That is what independence
means. No matter how sick, sore and starved they
become while fighting for independence, they must
achieve the thing itself and be able to maintain it.
We may declare war against Spain for the Maine
explosion and may strike her where she is weak, in
Cuba, and the world will justify us. As a result Cuba
may become independent, but if she were so now
there would be no Spanish power there for us to
strike.
The resolution is worthy of the demagogues who
are attacking their own Government. It is ridicu
lously self-contradictory and would make the country
a laughing stock.
THE VALLEY F^OAD.
f~* ONTRACTS let for the construction of a sec
( tion of the Valley Road westward from Stock-
ton to Point Richmond serve to remind the
people of the progress that is being made toward
completing the great enterprise which is to break
down the monopoly of transportation between San
Francisco and the San Joaquin, and which in all
likelihood will eventually break down the trans
continental m6nopoly as well.
This enterprise is not only the greatest now under
way in California, but it is one of the most important
ever carried out in the history of the State. The fact
that it was undertaken during a period of depression
was a striking proof of the public-spirited energy of
Californian capitalists, and the rapidity with which
it hat been pushed forward affords unmistakable
evidence of their industrial vigor. It is, therefore,
gratifying to note that the enterprise was not a mere
temporary «purt to supply an investment for unem
ployed capital, but the beginning of a patient and
persistent work of vast magnitude which is to go on
until the cinch of the railway monopoly between San
Francisco and the interior of the State \ completely
broken and an avenue opened for better trade and
freer trade in every direction.
At both ends of the line the work goes steadily for
ward. At the western end the contracts just let pro
vide for the completion of two sections of track on
either side of the Franklyn tunnel, while at the south
ern end the work of constructing the steel bridge
over Kern River is going on, and grading on the
other side has commenced, while preparations are
being made for constructing the link from Visalia
to Joaquina.
The activity displayed In the work and extension of
the Valley Road ought to have the effect of arousing
the Southern Pacific Company to the task of com
pleting the gap in the coast line. The company ob
tained valuable grants of rights of way along the
route of the proposed coast extension upon the un
derstanding that the road would be immediately con
structed. Years have passed and the company has
not fulfilled its agreement. The work along the
route is hardly more than an excuse for work.
The Valley Road constructs miles of tracks while
the Southern Pacific sends promises to the people
from whom it obtained rights of way that it will be
gin construction in earnest next spring o- next fall, or
next year. The contrast is striking, and clearly re
veals to the people the difference between a railroad
designed for the benefit of California and one oper
ated solely for the purpose of taxing traffic all it will
bear.
When Mark Twain gets ready to write another ac
count of a riotous legislative body he need not go
from his native land. And it becomes Americans to
laugh very moderately at the uproars of the French
and Germans when engaged in jaw-fighting for the
good of their respective countries.
There may be smaller men than those who have
carried partisanship into consideration of the war
issue. If so, however, they have failed of getting
.on record.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
McINTOSM AND HAYMOND.
H^ VIDENCE of a moral awakening among mem
bers of the bar in this city is furnished by the
action of the San Francisco Bar Association on
Tuesday evening. For some time past a committee
of that organization has been engaged in an investi
gation of the conduct of two attorneys, Benjamin
Mclntosh and Edward B. Haymond, with a view of
presenting them to the Supreme Court for disbar
ment. The pair were charged with offering to sell
the confession of Albert Hoff to the newspapers—
a proceeding highly unprofessional and violative of
their oaths as attorneys— and they were convicted of
the offense by Superior Judge Cook. Failing to ap
pear before the Bar Association and defend them
selves, they were on Tuesday evening found guilty of
unprofessional conduct and disbarment proceedings
ordered instituted against them.
It is to be hoped that the members of the commit
tee entrusted with the duty of prosecuting these
young men will not now fall a victim to what is
known in the classics of the coast as "cold feet." In
plainer language, it is to be hoped they will do their
duty. It is evident that neither Mclntosh nor Hay
mond is fit to practice law. Attorneys who, as coun
sel for a man charged with murder, will attempt to
sell his confidential utterances to the press, have no
conception of their duty either to their clients or
the sovereign who licenses them to practice law, the
State. Indeed, such attorneys are a disgrace to an
honorable profession, and the courts of which they
are officers ought to be ashamed of them.
It is to be hoped also that the Bar Association will
not stop at Mclntosh and Haymond. Within the past
month three other attorneys have been arrested in
this city for infringing the Penal Code. Nobody has
suggested that they be disbarred, because their prac
tice is mainly confined to the police courts. We do
not think, however, that this should protect them. It
is true that the discipline of the police courts is less
severe than that of the courts of record, but a rascal
may do as much damage in one as in the other. The
Bar Association ought to look after the purity of the
entire legal profession, and whenever it discovers a
scoundrelly lawyer who uses his license to defraud
his clients or betray the public it should reduce his
sphere of operations instantly. It is only by prompt
action in cases like those of Mclntosh and Haymond
that an important branch of the judicial system can
be maintained on a plane of decency and respecta
bility.
Manr committees of the San Frandsco Bar Asso
ciation appointed Hke this one to institute disbar
ment proceedings have been overtaken by congealed
extremities. It is on record also that the Supreme
Court occasionally gets "cold feet" when confronted
with an influential legal scalawag. It is unnecessary
to go into particulars on this point Suffice it to say
that the public will watch the cases of Mclntosh and
Haymond with interest. If these attorneys have a
"pull" it will soon be placed in evidence.
PfICIRC COAST FISHERIES.
NOTES on the fisheries of the Pacific Coast in
i 895, by William A. Wilcox, which have just
been published by the United States Fish Com
mission, serve the double purpose of showing how
important is the fishing industry of this coast and how
slow is the Government in making public the full re
ports of its agents. The publication in 1898 of a re
port dealing with conditions in 1895 is not exactly
commendable in a Government that represents an
up-to-date people.
Late as it comes, however, the report can be read
with considerable interest and instruction by all who
desire information on the subject. In commercial
value the fisheries of California, Oregon, Washington
and Alaska rank in importance next to those of New
England and the Atlantic Middle States. It is, more
over, probable that in the long run the Pacific out
put will exceed that of the East, for even in the years
embodied in this report, which were those of the
panic and depression, the development of the industry
was considerable.
A large portion of the California capital in
vested in fisheries is employed in Alaska, but as that
department of the industry is not included in this re
port, a full showing of the commercial value of the
business to us is not made. Owing to the depression
in prices which prevailed at the time, while the out
put of the salmon fisheries of the State increased
353,274 pounds in 1895 over that of 1892, the money
value decreased $25,778. There was also a marked
shrinkage in the value of the output of oysters and
shrimps, showing that the fish industry, while it in
creased in extent, suffered as well as the rest of the
business of the country from the hard times and lost
much of the rightful profit of its labor.
Much better is the showing made for the coast by
the fisheries of Washington and Oregon. Between
1802 and 1895, despite the depression, the value of the
fishery products of Washington Increased by $470,865
and those of Oregon by $411,731.
To pack the salmon output of the coast requires
upward of 80,000,000 tin cans a year, and this demand
is the cause of considerable industry in making the
cans. The bulk of the can factories are in San Fran
cisco, and it is gratifying to note that even in the
bad year of 1895 a considerable portion of the tin
plate used in the cans was of American manufacture.
An exchange of saffron hue exposes to remark an
editorial entitled, "What It Means to Be 'Yellow,' "
but does not follow with the lucid explanation which
might have been expected. There are few papers in
this country so designated, and the exchange in
question is one of the most vivid among these. The
term, justly applied, means that a paper is above all
else sensational; that it prints a picturesque lie
rather than the sober truth; that it cares not for
reputation; that honor to it is nothing; that it revels
in filth, savors of blackmail, incites to crime, traduces
decency, tends to make the world believe that the
people of this country are low and base, and that the
greatest rogues in jail or out are the proprietors of
these purveyors of carrion. Such is a fair exposition
of the meaning of "yellow."
It must not be considered that the plans outlined
so minutely for an attack on Havana have the sanc
tion of the army or navy officials who will execute
whatever plans may be arranged. As a rule a com
mander does not forward to the enemy a detailed ac
count of what he proposes to do and the available
means. But the yellow correspondent is beyond
control.
The chief reason for regretting that two heavy
weights have signed articles of agreement to fight is
that the event will be regarded as of such importance
as to warrant the giving to it of considerable space
which might be devoted to something worth men
tioning.
The Russian gentleman who remarked that the
United States had barred its own action may now
observe that the tame authority has knocked the
bars dowv
k . _
FABLES WITHOUT MORALS
"Why do you call this paper an
extra?" asked a man who had purchas
ed an evening sheet and discovered
that the matter it contained under
startling headlines was at least twen
ty-four hours old.
"Husl,." said the proprietor. "If
everybody asked such fool questions
as that we would soon cease to pub
lish any paper at all."
Nevertheless the man went his way
not wholly appeased.
One day a yellow paper having fallen
from a car window was found by an
incautious skunk, who was rash enough
to nose it, and then proceeded home
ward with an air of dejection and ill
ness.
"What is the matter, my dear?" asked
his wife, approaching to greet him.
"Do not come near," he exclaimed.
"On the way home I had an accident
by which I acquired an intolerable
odor. I have emptied my perfume sac
in a vain effort to overcome it."
Thereupon the skunk wept bitterly
and agreed for a week to sleep out of
doors.
A man meeting- a friend whom he dis
covered in the aot of wiping a perspir
ing brow, remarked, "Is it hot enough
for you?"
"Plenty hot enough for me," replied
the friend, wringing his handkerchief
and replacing it in his pocket, "but the
only locality hot enough for you is the
one we read about."
Having spoken thus he seized a cob
blestone and smote the inquirer sore
and dead. The Coroner having list
ened patiently to the particulars, said
he had seldom sat in a case which gave
him so much genuine pleasure, and
brought in a verdict of commendable
homicide.
A noisy Congressman rose in his place
and in thunderous tones demanded war.
"I suppose In case of getting that
which you seek you would shoulder a
musket and haste to the front," said a
voice from the gallery.
"It would be unseemly for a person
of my standing to do that," replied the
speaker, unabashed, "but If there Is
any chance to give orders over a long
distance telephone I can be counted on."
Later It was explained that while the
Congressman was really of the rabid
fire variety, he was loaded to the muz
zle with blank ammunition.
"Certainly I killed the man," said the
prisoner at the bar, addressing the
court in easy conversational style, "but
your Honor must bear in mind that I
was crazy at the time; in fact, I culti
vated a state of insanity so as to be
enabled to kill him with the least risk
to myself."
"Enter a plea of guilty," remarked
the Judge to his clerk, "and add that in
view of the attempt to play this dig
nified court for a sucker the prisoner
will be hanged at sunrise to-morrow."
At this point spectators noticed for
the first time that the figure of
Justice had snatched the bandage from
its eyes and was indulging in a wink.
It befell that a prisoner was haled
before a Police Judge and there ac
cused of vagrancy, which charge he
was readily able to disprove. "You are
fined $50," remarked the Judge,
thoughtfully stroking a luxuriant
beard.
"But why," protested the defendant's
lawyer, "should my client be fined when
we have shown him not to be a vag
rant?"
"If you think there would be any
thing like a financial coup In fining a
man unable to pay up you are not onto
the ways of this august tribunal," re
sponded the Judge with crushing dig
nity. In a brief time it was noted that
the court and the bailiff had gone out
to take a drink.
When a sovereign state decided to
erect a denot for its favorite monop
oly, search was made for honest men
to "administer the funds. Thereupon
divers rogues, disguising themselves,
made clamor for the office, saying:
"We be the most honest of mortals, and
we invite that our records be scanned
and if It be found that any among us
ever stole a hot stove, then will we
concede our unfltness."
But the suspicions of the people
were not allayed and as the work pro
gressed they said among themselves:
"Verily if these fellows stole no hot
Btoves, surely they no more than wait
ed for the stoves to cool."
A woman being on the witness-stand
was asked her business and replied that
she was a lawyer's assistant.
"I do not fully comprehend," said the
court "Who is the lawyer?"
"I do not mind telling you In con
fidence," said the woman, "that he Is
any lawyer who needs the services of
a widow to assist him in getting hold of
a big estate."
"Then you are a professional widow
prepared to shed tears at the tomb of
the millionaire for a fair whack of the
proceeds?"
"Your Judicial mind has exactly
grasped the situation," acknowledged
the woman, who was after a brief con
sultation admitted straightway to the
bar.
By chance a Falsehood met a. Repu
tation and threatened 111.
"I do not fear you," said the Repu
tation.
"You would if you knew how solid I
am with the editor of the Yellow War-
Cryer," returned the Falsehood haught
ily.
Then the Reputation fled, and even as
it went observers saw that a saffron
smudge had come upon it.
An Uncle Samuel, who owned a large
farm, hearing a. tumult looked over
his back fence one day and observed
a number of people engaged in cut
ting the throats of each other. Being
a person of peacable inclination the
sight was not pleasing to him.
"It would be a great favor," he said
mildly to the one wielding the largest
blade, "if you were to desist."
"Go to," retorted the one addressed,
cleansing a gory machete on the
tresses of a murdered woman. "I do
I not see that this concerns you. Be
sides, I want you to understand that I
am a gentleman."
It was with visible signs of dissat
isfaction that the uncle withdrew, and
some who knew him opined that he had
merely gone to get a gun.
Drawing near to a man who had coin
in his pocket a follower of fortune re
marked that possessing a valuable tip
on the races he was prepared to sell it
"Are you sure that your tip is a good
one?" asked the man with coin, his in
terest instantly aroused.
Being assured that the tip was such
.as is technically termed a "dead open
and shut," the man with coin reached
for his purse.
"It will be both profit and pleasure
to pay you $2 not to reveal to me the
tip," said the man with coin, handing
over the silver.
Then those who heard marveled at
his wisdom, and knew that he had been
there before.
One day a noble ship sailed into a
friendly port on a mission of peace, and
shortly thereafter was blown up by a
mine, so that of those on board many
perished miserably.
"Why have we been thus treated?"
asked the survivors, "and why are
these our comrades dead and our good
ship in the slime of your harbor?"
"The ways of Providence are past
findina out," respor.ded thos^ to \vhon»
the inquiry was addressed, "but be as
sured that Bbrr#w is also heavy upon
us."
Later, when it was learned that this
grief was because of the fact that any
should have escaped, the survivors
made much ado, nor held their peace
upon being told that the explosion was
an Incident. H. J.
HAD NOTHING TO SAY.
Tou want to be * soldier, Jim? Well, I don't
• blame you, lad. ■ .
The fever that ham hit you bow one* monkeyed
■with your. dad. • ■■: ,  ,-.
I know exactly how you feel, you' n ftchln far
a scrap.
An' want to go an' help to wipe ol Spain from
' ; oft the map. ,':•' .". •
When I was young an' fall o' nerve In ]Slfnt«en
Sixty-one -
I 1 wasn't ■ satisfied till I was ©cooled to a
run, v
An' now that you're a feelin' In that same ©1'
hostile way
An' ■• want to • emulate . your dad. I've not , a
word to say.
I hope you've reckoned up the cost, an' reck
oned It up well,
Fur war, as Gen'ral Sherman said, am t fur
removed from hell!
You'll find it ain't no picnic, Jim; you'll soon
find out that you
Won't have a bit of nerv* to spare In pullln"
of you through.
It ain't no pleasure-day affair when shells be-
E'.r. to bust.
An' comrades lay In blood an' pain a wrlthln'
in the dust.
As' bullets, jes' like maddened bees, sip past
In fiendish way.
But if you have a mind to go, I've not a word
to say.
I ruess your mother won't object; I heerd her
say last night
She wished she only was a man so she could
go an' fight.
'TMI be an orful trial, though, fur her to see
you start.
An' one that's mighty apt to rip the stitchln'
of her heart.
Jes* fill her in a manly way that you are
bound to go.
That you're true blu* American from top clear
down to toe.
An' If she asks yon what I think. Jes 1 tell her
that's O. X..
That we have had a talk, an' I have nothln'
fur to say.
I want to tell you, honeat, boy, that this ain't
no surprise,
I've seen the sparks of loyal pride a dancln'
in your eyes,
An' I've been waltln' far a week to hear you
make your talk.
An' show your daddy that you come of rood
ol* tlghtln' stock.
An' now to close the matter up, I'll tell you,
further, Jim,
Tour daddy would have knocked you out or
you'd a walloped him
If when you'd heard your country call you'd
made a coward play —
I'm proud o' you! God blest you, boy! That's
all I've got to cay.
—Denver Post.
COLLECTED IN
TOE CORRIDORS.
W. B. Wilcock, U. S. N., Is registered at
the Palace.
W. C. R. Hazard of Buffalo is a guest
at the Palace.
Tremore Coffin, an attorney of Carson
Is at the Grand.
O. A. Low, a banker of Woodland, is a
guest at the Grand.
Sheriff W. B. Johnson of Riverside is
staying at the Grand.
W. D. Grady is here from Fresno and is
staying at the Occidental.
W. G. and W. F. Eells of Philadelphia
are registered at the Palace.
Rev. Daniel G. Mackinnon of Stockton
is a guest at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Fisher are registered
at the Lick from Sacramento.
W. R. Cauthers, a well-known business
man of Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
Dr. O. L. Barton of Sacramento is one
of last night's arrivals at the Grand.
A. C. Wheat, a prominent business man
of Los Angeles, is staying at the Russ.
James Whlttacker of Gait was among
yesterday's arrivals at the Occidental.
W. M. Brandon, who has been so ill at
his home In Oakland, is slowly improving.
R. H. Herrin, a prominent railroad man
of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
Senator Stephen W. Dorsey of Denver '
was one of yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Parker Whitney of
Rocklin are at the Palace on a pleasure
trip to the coast.
John Brewer of Sacramento and A.
Jenks of Vancouver are two of the late
arrivals at the Palace.
When nature
ack n o wledging
the hand of the I
Master trembles j
convulsively be- j
neath his touch, j
It is no shame for j
mortal man to
KATE HAD
NO TIME.
repent the error of hia way and ask for
giveness for transgressions which in times
of less terror he pays but little attention
to. At least such is the belief of a cer
tain wealthy merchant, 1/ the story told
on him by his daughter Is to be taken as
a literal fact.
On the night of the recent earthquake
this gentleman's household had just re
tired to rest when the temblor made its
first demonstration. At once there was
a scene of wild excitement, as the entire
family started from their beds and. grab
bing the nearest articles of apparel, each
one started for the street on his or her
own hook.
The daughter of the house ran with the
rest and, as she passed the door of her
gout-cursed parent's room, she saw the
___ ADVERTISEMENTS.
'TT-IE published official reports
■*■ show the Royal Baking
Powder to be a pure, healthful
preparation, absolutely free from
alum or any adulterant, greatly
stronger in leavening gas than
any other baking powder*
Consumers should not let this
valuable information, official and
unprejudiced, go unheeded*
ROYAL BAKIKQ PQWPIW CO., NBWVOWW.
old fellow hobbling: toward the door. He
caught sight of her at the same moment,
and while a look of mortal terror swept
over his face he cried out after her:
"Kate, you come back and pray, is it
for this I have put up for the most ex
pensive pew in church?"
Kate came back, but not until the
earthquake had passed and her brother
had chased her for more than a block.
Charles W. Stine, manager of the Melba
Opera Company, is registered at the
Baldwin, with his wife.
J. A. Johnson, a wealthy business man
of Spinich, Mass., is at the Occidental,
with his wife and family.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johnson have
come over from San Rafael and have
taken rooms at the Palace.
Captain W. G. Moore, proprietor of tha
Redlands Daily Facts, is at the Grand on
his way to San Luis Obispo, where he
goes to attend a meeting of the State
Editorial Association. Mrs. Moore ac
companies her husband.
C. L. Heverln, a wealthy oil speculator
of New York, is at the California with
his wife. Mr. Heverin comes out to tha
coast with the intention of looking into
some oil properties In the southern part
of the State with the idea of purchasing
If his investigations prove satisfactory.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 13.— A. D. PlH»bur>
of San Francisco is at the Holland House.
THE NEW CHARTER,
Th« Editor of The Call— Sir: Th« new
charter is under consideration by th«
people, who have had am;>le opportunity
to study its provisions. No more Im
portant Instrument has ever been sub
mitted to their votes, and It is due to tha
Freeholders who have given their tima
and services in its construction that ita
merits, demerits and probable results
should be adequately discussed and clearly
recognized, since its influence for good or"
evil, must be felt for many years to come.
The only fitting arena for a public dis
cussion is The Call. The Chronicle hai
shown its want of public ' spirit by sys
tematic silence on this vital question and
the yellow journal has sacrificed Its inde
pendence to its protege, the Mayor, as if
he were the only embodiment of wisdom,
honesty and economy and the only high
priest of progress. It remains, therefore,
for The Call to invite an open discussion,
the more desirable because the charter is
a. long and complicated document which
few will read and fewer fully understand
and the results of which may be difficult
to foresee.
What then are the opinions of our most
thoughtful citizens? What are the Im
provements which may be reasonably ex
pected from its adoption? Will it provide
us with an honest, efficient and econ
omical government? Will it give us a
board of incorruptible Supervisors? Will
it destroy the power of the "bosses" and
disperse the army of political henchmen
who have , now possession of the City
Han? . Will it put a end to corruption,
'"-„ ncy v extravagance and waste?
will it enable the government to pave,
light and cleanse the streets, to acquire
and honestly conduct those public utili
ties which form such an important fea
ture of modern city government? Will it
promote the credit of the citizens, the
safety of investments and the circulation
of capital? Will it foster commercial en
terprise and relieve business of unneces
sary burdens? Will it promote the better
employment of the people? Is it a home
rule charter which secures to the citizens
the control of taxation and expenditure
*"£ the management of their own affairs?
That these are the proper objects of a
charter no one can possibly deny, nor can
it be doubted that a charter likely to se
cure them is our greatest want. "But let
us. not blindly rush into the business of
charter making without adequate con
s deration. The charters .of American
cities have been remarkable neither for
wisdom nor success. Municipal govern
ment is admitted to be the conspicuous
failure of the UnJted States. Not a single
large city has escaped « the evils or cor
ruption, political machines, extravagance
and waste, and it may be that our new
charter is little more than the modifica
tion ot a system which has been found
wanting in a dozen: other cities. Let us
ml : i re , that lt is not - and rather submit
a little longer to th t ills we have than fly
to others that may be merely anticipated.
\ve might be much worse off We are
free.from debt. Our taxation is not too
heavy. What we want isa government
which may be trusted to spend our
money with more reference to wisdom
and economy than to actual amount
J. H. STALLARD.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BLACK BART-W. L. M., Cloverdale
Sonoma County, Cal. "Black Bart, the
Po-S" stage jobber, was arrested In San
Francisco, Isovember 12, 1883.
TOD SLOAN-M. H. S., Stockton, Cal
Tod Sloan, the racing lightweight, was
born in Kokomo, Ind. He has been al
luded to as the "Kokomo wonder" be
cause of the place of his birth
CAUSE OF EARTHQUAKE— J H
City. There is no one who can with posi
tiveness tell the cause of the earthquake
on Wednesday, the 30th of March 18<«
nor of any other earthquake. There have
been innumerable theories, but none tint
is. not open to contradiction.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special i.iformation supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Last week we received thirty-nine new
patterns of moldings for picture frames
all of which will be on sale this week'
They are very nice and very cheap. San
born, Van - Co. •
Angostttra Bittbbs are endorsed by all tha
leading: physicians and cuemista for purity and
wholesomeness. Get the penulne.— Dr Slejert's
Fob Coughs, Asthma and Thboat Eusoedzrs
"Brown* Bronchial Troches" are an effectual
remedy. Sold only in boxes.
The Christian colony for Georgia, pro
jected by the Rev. A. E. Seddon. is on the
point of being organized. The location
will be on the Western and Atlantic Rail
road, between Atlanta and Marietta.
Quite a number of Influential and leading
reformers are interested in the enterprise
and are expected to take a leading part
in it. It is proposed to adopt the co-op
erative method of conducting the colony
without, however, destroying the Individ
ual home life.THE WOMAN
MASON'S WILL
PUBLISHED
Her Insane Sister Is
Very Generously
Cared For.
Mrs. Salome Anderson Is
Proved to Have Been
Honorable.
J. West Martin and J. C. Mar
tin Decline to Act as
Trustees.
MAN V GENEROUS LEGACIES
iJv« Oak Lodge of Masons Also
Remembered by the Late
"Member."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Airll 13.
The will of Salome Anderson, the
"woman Mason," made public to-day,
completely exonerates her from the
charge of absorbing the estate of her in
sane sister, and shows that ample pro
vision was made tor Mrs. Doretha Petz
echler. who is in Napa Asylum.
Just before her death Mrs. Anderson
was cited to Bhow what she had done
with the estate, valued at JIOOO, and of
which Ehe was guardian. The will shows
that Mrs. Ajiderson's actions were . both
honorable and sisterly, for on October
16, 1890, she bequeathed $3000 for the bene
fit of her unfortunate sister. The clause
In the will relating to Mrs. Petzschler is
as follows:
I give and bequeath to Live Oak Lodge No.
U. Free and Accepted Masons, of the State of
California, located at Oakland, Cal., the sum
of three thousand dollars, to be invested anl
held In trust by said lodge as long at my sis
ter, Doretha I'etzschler (now an ii.mate of the
Asylum for the Insane at Xapa, Cal.,> shall
live; and from the said principal sum md the
Income thereof the paid lodge shall pay each
and every year during her lite to Marie litnoit
(who Is now residing with me) the cum of one
hundred and fifty dollars (payable each ar.d
every four months In payments of ilfty dollars
each) to enable the said Marie Benoit t- pur
chase clothing for and pay traveling expenses
in visiting my said sister at said asylum.
And upon the death of my said Bister . the
said lodge shall cause her body to be brought
to and burled In my plat in Mountain View
Cemetery, in the township of Oakland, County
of Alameda. State of California, the expenses
thereof being borne and paid by the said lodge
out if said bequest.
The residue oi said principal turn shall be by
said lodjre us.-.l and expended In assisting
worthy and ne»dy orphans and widows of de
ceased members thereof.
The value of the estate of the woman
Mason will probably amount to $50,000,
and J. West Martin, the banker,
and Jamea C. Martin, the South
ern Pacific attorney, are named ex
ecutors without bonds, being the
friends of the deceased. These gen
tlemen have declined to accept the trust,
and the estate will pass into the charge
•of the Public .administrator.
-• •Mr*. Anderson- left many legacies, ag- ,
gregratinjr about $20,000. She has sixteen
grandchildren, to • en of whom is given
>1000. Mrs. Julia A. Gardiner of Oak
land. Mrs. Fredricka Dennis of Oakland.
a godchild, Salome Anderson, Catherine
Neth, Jean Nethj Salome Neth Heiser,
Leon LucienChapins and Madeline Heiser,
Goetz are to receive 1600 each. Many
presents of trinkets and jewelry are
made to friends, and the following clause
explains how the residue of the estate
ehall be divided:
I give and bequeath to Peter Benoit and his
wife, Marie Benoit, provided they remain with
and take care of me until my death, if not
then to the persons living with and taking
care of me at my death, all my wearing ap
parel (other than jewelry) and household and
kitchen furniture not otherwise herein or by
codicil hereafter disposed of, and of which I
may d:e possessed.
All the rest and residue of my prop
erty and estate I rive and devise to the
said Marie Benoit and the said Sarah T Rob
inson share and share alike.
Fully appreciating the action of Live Oak
L.cr<gr ,ii hanging my crayon portrait in the
Banquet Hall In the Masonic Temple, I hereby
express the wish that Bald lodge always con
tinue to keep said portrait hanging in place
of^aUi tod e anfflng rtra '« of 'the members
0 I give and bequeath to Oak Leaf Chapter No.
8, O. K. b., of Oakland, Cal., to be used and
thl ™ vi" th hlri »S of carriages to enable
the rnt-mbers thveof to attend my funeral
do?i« B0 deß!re> the sum of one hu " dr
_To Catherine Elizabeth Merrltt, wife of
James Bestor Merritt. the picture representing
the "Eastern Star" symbols, and also the
glass wardrobe (so called).
T ° v M u r> « Merrlu . daughter of Catherine
Elizabeth Merriu. my work table <"" er >ne
fe c m n' n ,f, f , rien<l ' Sarah T. Robinson, wife of
fn £ Srner^r 2FS&2ZX 1 ™
ifaHing^rror^ 6 VMMrtli -
I direct that my diamonds and other Jewelry
deslKnate e d by' 00 ™ 1 * I * r80 " 8 M "'"'ted and
aesijrnated by me, as may appear ur>on In.
BBS thereof, and that such aTarTnot so
marked^ and designated be by my weSutow
mo r ney tei " Dame<l Bold "^converted in™
The estate of the deceased is in the
hands of Attorney E. c. Robinson.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 13.— The chemistry
section of th Science Association" 3
meet at the chemistry building to-morrow
afternoon at 4 o'clock. Papers will bTj
. ad by Professor Edmund O'NeM on 1
•'Food Investigation by the United States i
Department of Apiculture" and by w '
hyd?a a e on Recent Work on Carbo^
. To-morrow morning the State commis
sion appointed to , inspect Public buildings
vi ill visit the university. Senator Dirk
inßon of Marln is chairman of the com
mission and Frank J. Brandon is seer™- j
m Tn , c Charming Club will hold its last i
meeting for the term on Friday even nY
April 16 at t l ie home of Mrs? Seaburv'
rwil an ? lng way and Dana street
Charles Murdock will address the me*
ing and there will be also a special musl
othe?s? gramme by Mr - Savannah and
About sixty seniors turned out at Stiles
the danger to Picnickers and others in the
vicinity. The range has recently been al
tered but President Kellogg still regards
it as dangerous. regards
The first installment of the donation re
cently made to the university librnrS w
James K. Moffitt ha« been used ™7 the
purchase of the famous "Child's Pn<rii=£
and Scottish Ballads." consisting c
quarto volumes. 6 nve
About twenty university students will
attend the Y. MC. A. Summer School
which is to be held at Pacific Grove from
May 20 to 29. The meeting is In the nature
of a conference of representatives- from
the various college Christian associations
on the coast. •
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church of San Francisco ad
dressed the college Y. M. C. A. this after
noon. - ....
The Columbia. Fire Company is making
extensive preparations for an elaborate
entertainment to be given on the °7th
inst. ...
Student Officers.
BERKELEY. April 13.— The annual
meeting of the Associated Students for
the nomination of officers for the coming
year will l>e hold Friday at 11:15 o'clock.
The election will take place on Tuesday.
C. E. Thomas and Reno Ilutchinson are
mentioned as candidates for president of
the Btudent body. Next Wednesday the
election of editor of the Californian will
take place. Harold S. Symmes will prob
ably succeed the present editor, W. E.
Creed. On Thursday, April 21. the Occi
dent Publishing Company will elect a suc
cessor to Editor Hopper. Stuart G. Mas
tors will probably bo chosen editor and
R. W. Tully business manager. On Fri
day, April 22, the Athletic Association
will meet to elect a baseball manager for
the season of 18W. Jnmes W. Ely is the
only candidate for the position thus far
mentioned.
'■ Professor Hilgard Explains.
BERKELEY, April 13.— Professor E. W.
Hilgard, director of the agricultural ex
periment stations of the university agri
cultural department, to-day made the
following statement in regard to the re
ported discontinuance of the experiment
station at Paso Robles:
The facts are simply that owing to the ex
tremely deficient rainfall for this season, all
experimental work, planting, etc., has neces
sarily been abandoned there until the au
tumn rains bepln: all that can be done, In trie
absence of irrigation facilities, is to maintain
as far as possible the existlnK plantations by
careful surface tillage to prevent evaporation.
Under these conditions a "workman in chance
is all that Is required, and Inspector of Ma
tion Charles H. Shlnn is at present visiting the
station in order to arrange for the season _s
suspension of active work and the selection of
a suitable workman. It is true that consider
ations of economy enter into the case, inas
much as the stress of the unfavorable season
will require extraordinary expenditures in or
der to keep the other stations, where Irrißat on
facilities can be made available. In an active
condition. Work will be resumed at the Paso
Robles station as Boon as the season will per
mit.. .„ •■■/-:"!■:■
Alumni Reception Postponed.
BERKELEY, April 14.-The reception
that was to have been given by the alum
ni of the High School to the graduating
class to-morrow evening has been post
poned until April 26 on account of the
death of Mrs. S. D. Waterman, the wife
of Professor Waterman, principal of the
Berkeley High School. Mrs. Waterman
died to-day in Chicago.
CHANGED HIS TESTIMONY.
C. D. Haines Admits in Court That
He Was Influenced.
OAKLAND. April 13.— A sensation de
veloped just before the close of the day's
session in Justice Lawrence's court in
East Oakland during the second day's
examination of Stacey itogers for the
shooting of E. E. Halsey in Berkeley on
the 29th of last month. Charles D.
Haines, at whose house the trouble oc
curred and a witness to the shooting,
testified that he had changed his testi
mony on direct examination from what
he gave at the Coroner's inquest after
talking with Herbert V. Herbert, in the
employ of the District Attorney's office.
Haines was "on the stand all of the
forenoon. He said Rogers called on the
night in question and Mrs. Haines an
swered the bell. Rogers asked for
Haines, and when the witness went to
the door he said, "I understand you do
not want me to come to your house." He
said he replied, "Yes, sir; excuse me,"
and was about to close the door when
Halsey pushed by him into the door
when the snot was tired. He testified
that Halsey's hand was extended with
open palm downward.
On a rigid cross-examination by Judge
Gibson Ilaines admitted that his testi
mony at the inquest was correct and
that he had changed it after a talk and
suggestions from Herbert. At the in
quest Haines testified that Halsey ap
proached Rogers in a most threatening
manner, and he believed intended to
thrash him. as he said he would before
the doorbell rang.
Deputy Coroner Strelghtif of Berkeley,
who found a razor in Halsey's pocket
after his death, is dangerously ill at his
home, and in order to take his testimony
Judge Lawrence will hold court in his
bedroom to-morrow morning as soon
after 10 o'clock as convenient. Deputy
District Attorney Lin Church will rep
resent the people and Thomas J. Thomas
the defense at that time. In the after
noon the examination will be resumed In
East Oakland, and probably finished on
Friday.
PLEADING FOR LUCKHARDT.
Prominent Citizens Ask the Court for
Clemency for the Consumptive.
OAKLAND, April Strong efforts are
being made to secure the release of A. J.
Luckhardt, who confessed to burglary.
He stole several cameras from two local
agencies and was arrested on a com
plaint sworn to by Francis & Leet.
The -following 1 letter from them has been
sent to Judge Ellsworth:
"Regarding the case of M. A. L. Luck
hardt, who has recently pleaded guilty to
a charge of burglary preferred by us,' we
would -say that' it' has come to our knowl
edge that he is suffering from consump
tion, and that at the time of his offense,
his family was in destitute circumstances.
We would respectfully ask that in pass
ing judgment on the said : Mr. Luckhardt
these facts be borne in mind by you and
given due consideration."
Prominent citizens have signed a peti
tion asking the court's clemency, includ
ing C. L. Maxwell, Louis Slmonsen, Dr.
A. H. Pratt, Clark Wise, Isaac L. Requa,
W. P. Herrick, Christ Barker, Thomas
Prather, W. C. Palmanteer, Dr. C. N.
Lane, E. R. Dille, Robert V. Coyle. A. W.
Prautch, George P. King, Wallace Clark
and Burt C. Lund.. This will be presented
to the court at the proper time.
During his confinement Luckhardt has
steadily gone down, having shown symp
toms of consumption. Dr. C. M. Fisher
has examined him and reports to the
court that he is suffering from chronic
pulmonary tuberculosis.
Evening School Graduates.
OAKLAND, April 13.— the com
mencement of the evening classes of the
Young Men's Christian Association last
evening the following named were given
certificates of excellence in work in the
branches mentioned during the past
winter: .
Elocution— Harold Lancaster, Howard At
water, George P. Dlmpfel, Walter Rode.
English— G. Spring, Hugh Davis, O. Espe
land, Lorin Schmidt. '
Bible study — Gabriel Espeland, Charles B.
Tenney, John W. Berger, Hugh.Davles, Wil
liam F. Kear.. S. C. Bennetts, O. F. Rode,
George Jackson, Edward R. Piepenburg, F. W.
Trowar. 1 Walter Rode, Conrad Thal»r.
Electricity— H. B. Gawthorne, William Har
ris, John Harris, Tracy Williams, R. H. Potts,
Charles E. Irving, Otto F. "Rode.
Shorthand— S. •P. Wagner, A. W. Wilding,
R. Horst. Charles G. Bird, H. C. Keach, C.
Pomeroy, Herbert H. Rowley, John J. Fraser,
John Patten, H. A. Woodcock.
Bookkeeping "and penmanship— Grabe,
Arthur W. Welding, W. M. Bullock, Arthur
Caldwell, R. Horst.
Mechanical drawing and applied mechanics —
O. M. Mullock, Tracy Williams, A. J. Wiilson.
A. B. Foster, - Gilbert Robertron, Charles E.
Irving. ; ■'■■■.
A Cut in Gas Bates.
OAKLAND, April 13.— Oakland Gas
Company made the • announcement to
night that after May 1 it would reduce
the price of illuminating gas from $1 75
per 1000 cubic feet to $1 CO. Where used
for fuel the cut will be from $160 to $1 25
per 1000 feet. • This Is not 4n competition
of the proposed Alameda Gas Company,
but Is In accord with the policy of the
company as outlined before the annouce
ment of Its proposed incorporation. Work
has already been begun for the construc
tion of new buildings in which the new
plant secured by Mr. Brltton while In the
East this spring will be installed and gas
manufactured by a new process. The
directorate declares that If the promises
made on behalf of this plant are made
food Illuminating gas will be supplied
uring the winter months and thereafter
at $1 per 1000 cubic feet.
Maggie Keef c Dangerously 111.
ALAMEDA. April 13.— Maggie Keefe, one
of three girls who were taken from their
father in this place some time ago be
cause of ill treatment, haa been taken
to the Fablola Hospital In Oakland, suf
fering severely from inflammatory rheu
matism. Her illness is caused by the ex
posure to which she was subjected while
carrying a milk route during the rainy
weather and being improperly clad and
ehod. She Is suffering the most excru
ciating pain and fear is entertained lest
the result prove fatal.
Mrs. Pingree and Party.
OAKLAND. April 13.— Mrs. Frank C
Pingree, a sister-in-law of Governor
Piragree of Detroit, Mich., arrived in this
city this morning and will remain several
days. With her are her two sons Roy
E. and Everett W Pingree. Wallace
Goodwin and wife, Mrs. Julia Ferguson
Cobb and Miss Ferguson, of the same
city.
Nonsuit Was Granted.
OAKLAND. April 13.— The defendants In
the $50,000 damage suit of Mrs. Susan A
Martin against the Southern Pacific
Company for the death of the plaintiff's
husband was granted a non-suit by
Judge Ogden this morning.
Election in Company Q.
ALAMEDA, April 13.— Orders have been
received from brigade headquarters di
recting Major I). S. Dorn to preside at
an election for second lieutenant of
Company G, vice C. S. Shafer, resigned
The election will take place on April 21,
at 8 p. m. at the Armory.
Companies A. F and G will have a
battalion drill In Oakland to-morrow
evening under Major Hayes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
WILL MARRY THE PRETTY SOUBRETTE.
[< Effle Adams," the Actress,
to Become the Wife of
a Prominent Young Oak
land Merchant.
OAKLAND, April 13.— Pretty "Effle Adams," who In private life is Miss
Jennie Jansen, is to be married shortly to William J. Spencer, uncle of the lessee
of the Oakland Theater. The young couple have known each other for some
years, but not until "Peck's Bad Boy" company came to this city two weeks ago
did Cupid get in his work. Effle Adams was the soubrette of the company, and
wTien Mr. Spencer saw the young lady it was a case of love at first sight, and
when "Peck's Bad Boy" went away the charming little soubrette did not go with
him. Miss Jansen is an Oakland girl, and is now staying with her relatives until
the marriage, the date for which has not yet been fixed. »
Mr. Spencer is one of the wealthy young men of Oakland. He is proprietor
of some large flour mills and has a store in the center of town, besides several
heavy investments In San Francisco. After the marriage Mr. and Mrs. Spencer
will make this city their home.
GRIND JURY
TO RECONVENE
Foreman Crooks Will Is
sue a Call for the
Twenty-Sixth.
Political Pressure Is Helping
to Defeat the Course of
Justice.
Should a Majority of Members De
sire, th« Jury May Meet
Earlier.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
&08 Broadway, April 13.
It is not probable that the and Jury
will be called together again before the
26th inst., although political pressure is
being brought to bear on Foreman
Crooks and some of the members to meet
earlier.
J. E. Crooks, foreman of the Alameda
County Grand Jury, was in Oakland to
day and stated that there Is no necessity
for an early meeting of the Grand Jury.
"It is my intention and those of nearly
ali the grand jurymen." said Foreman
Crooks, "to meet again on April 26. Q.
B. Daniels would like an earlier meeting,
but the majority of us wishing to attend
to our businesses, which have seriously
suffered on account of the lengthy inves
tigations we have already made, do not
see any use in coming together before
the time I have mentioned.
"I have been asked by interested par
ties to call an early meeting, but there
Is no occasion for it, and unless a ma
jority of the jurors sign a request for an
earlier session than 1 have planned I
shall not change my opinion."
Some effort is being made to have what
is being spoken of as "a special session"
of the Grand Jury. There Is no such
thing. A week ago the Grand Jury ad
journed to the call of the chair, and
whenever the chair issues a call for a
meeting it will be a regular session of the
Grand Jury, and not in any sense a "spe
cial" one. One of the members of the
Grand Jury said to-day that their work
has been hampered by the doings of
those who would use the Grand Jury for
political ends. "We want, if possible, to
find something definite," he said, "and as
coon as anything criminal can be traced
to any party we will at once take posi
tive action. We cannot, however, permit
ourselves to be used by political factions
or for political ends. Our duty is a hard
one to perf rm. and it is made more
hard when insincere people try to use
us to carry out their personal ambitions.
It Is bad enough to have to withstand
and try to overcome the tactics of those
who are according to current report try
ing to corrupt the city government, or
who have corrupted it, but there is noth
ing to be gained by the enemies ** these
corruptionists trying to brir>~ about tneir
indictments and at the same time make
political capital.
"I am not at liberty to tell one word of
what has transpired in the Grand Jury
room, but I may say that we have heard
some startling stories. Most of them,
however, have been contradicted in one
form or another, or point to actions of
such a nature that, though indiscreet
and morally bad, are not criminal, and
consequently they do not come within
our jurisdiction."
When the Grand Jury reconvenes it is
probable that subpenas will be issued for
some of the directors of the Contra Costa
Water Company, in the hope that many
of the tales of bribery may be traced to
their origin. The company held its an
nual meeting yesterday, and it is stated
that much interesting discussion took
place among the directors regarding the
situation in this city. It was considered
advisable not to make any changes in the
directors at this time, and it was given
out that this was done to protect the
company from the insinuation that such
a step would be taken merely for the
purpose of complicating matters before
the Grand Jury. If a new board of di
rectois had been elected they would of
course be perfectly innopent of an that
has transpired the past few months,
while the old board woulci have no offi
cial standing in the company, and con
sequently would say that they knew no
more than their ruccessors. This eltua
tlon not being a politic one was avoided
by the re-election of the entlr» board.
When the case of the people against
Harry Thomas was called this morning
before Judge Ellsworth, his attorney, ex-
Judge Nusbaumer. and Dr. Church ap
peared and stated that the defendant was
confined to his hnnn 1 by sickness and un
able to go out. Vpnn this showing a con
tinuance was granted for one week.
STRICKEN AT THE ALTAR.
Father Gloria Falls From an Attack
of Heart Failure.
OAKLAND, April 13.— While serving
mass at St. Joseph's Church thts morn
ing Father Gloria suddenly fell forward
with an attack of heart failure.
His head Ftruck on the altar steps,
causing a severe scalp woiind. He was
removed to his residence, where he lies
now, conscious but very weak.
Harry Thomas Is Sick.
OAKLAND, April IS.— Harry Thomas,
Secretary of the Board of Public Works,
is suffering from an affection of the
nerves of his i< gs and was unable to be
present in the Superior Court this morn
ing to plead when arraigned on the in
dictment of the Grand Jury for subor
nation of purjury. Next week was set
for bim to appear and plead. It may be
that he will have to go to a hospital for
treatment. Iv that event his case may
not come up before fall.
Expert Davis' Report.
ALAMEDA, April 13.-Expert Davis
presented his report on the Harbourne
defalcation to the Board of Library Trus
tees last evening. The board directed that
copies be sent to the City Attorney and
to the Board of City Trustees. Mr. Davis
stated that he whs nt work on a supple
mental report showing the actual condi
tion of each firm's or person's account
with the city, as shown by their books
and by the library records. This will be
ready in a day or two.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING.
Missing Records of the Mission
Grammar School Wanted for the
Department.
For some weeks it has been known to
the Superintendent of Schools that the
missing records of the Mission Grammar
School, which were wanted in the Craven
case, were in the possession of James M.
Wilkins, proprietor of the Cliff House.
The fact was communicated to Chief
Lees, and the District Attorney and the
Chief went to the Cliff House and saw
the books. Wilkins was asked to give up
the books, but declined to do so except
by order of the court. Monday the Dis
trict Attorney applied to Judge Belcher
for the necessary order, but it has not
yet been granted.
There are four books: Teacherß' time
and class recor> s for April, 1R95; class
records April 1. ISOS, to close of the half
year; teacners' time table and class rec
ords for the last half of the year 1895 and
the same for the half-year from January
1 to June 30, 189$.
"The only object," said District Attor
ney Barnes yesterday, "in securing pos-
Bession of the books is to complete the
annals of the School Department. With
out them tne records of the department
would be incomplete, and, as they are
public documents they should not be in
the possession of an outsider. As far as
I know niere is no intention o£ founding
a criminal charge against Mrs. Craven
upon these records. In fact. I know of
no present intention of reviving the Cra
ven case in any form. There is nothing
in the records in question bearing upon
the case of Notary Cooney, which is the
only phase of th'- Craven litigation pend
ing in the criminal courts. '
Chief Lees said that the long-drawn
out story in a morning paper was all rot.
He was notified that the books were at
the Cliff Housf and as tbev wore n ,,h lic
documents they should be in the posses
sion of tne Schor ' Department.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil, and
you will have no further use for others. •
« ♦ • —
Came From Minnesota.
Wlllard Powell, an old man, Is in the
Insane ward in the Receiving Hospital,
and efforts are being made to find his
friends so that he can be taken care of.
He arrived from Chatfleld, Minn., on Sat
urday and registered at a hotel, but he
does not know where It was. He met
a hackman who took him to a clothing
store and sold, him a suit of clothes and
a watch for $33. They are not worth $3.
The old man was unable to find his hotel
and wandered about the streets till a
policeman took him to the prison. Yes
terday he tied a handkerchief round his
neck, and as it was thought he was try
ing to choke himself he was sent to the
hospital. He has a friend in the city
named Eugene Wood, but he does not
know where he lives.
The fee-simile **0 7/^ ~]^ is on every wrapper
'!;■ signature of (£z&zffl£jL^ of CASTORIA. ;
BOLD ASSAULT
AND ROBBERY
Two Men Hold Up a
Groceryman and Take
His Valuables.
Arrested While Fleeing Witl-
Their Plunder From the
Scene.
The Plucky Grocer Fired Five Shots
at the Men While They
Ran.
This morning at about 2 o'clock two
men entered the grocery store of E. Lleb
scher, on the corner of Mason and Pacific
streets, and demanded that the propri
etor give up his valuables. Upon his pro
testing they beat him over the head with
a revolver and compelled him to submit.
They took his watch, money amounting
to $117 and other valuables and ran out,
going toward Broadway.
Liebscher grabbed his revolver and fol
lowed to the street and fired five times at
the flpeing men. Officers Conway, Peshon
and Connors heard the firing and ran
toward the store, meeting the robbers,
whom they placed under arrest.
The booty secured by the robbers was
found on their persons and the men were
taken to the California 'street station
where they were booked on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon and rob
bery.-
The men gave the t names of James
Thorn and John Winrdw. It is believed
by the police that the two men have
been connected with the various rob
beries which have taken place on the
north side.
Llebscher was badly bruised about the
head and face, but his injuries are not
serious.
WILL BE A TOTAL WRECK.
Captain Peaoody of the Ship New
York Thinks the Vessel Will
Never Be Saved.
Captain Peabody of the ill-fated ship
New York, which a month ago became
stranded on the shores of Ilalfmoon Bay,
reached the city a few days ago and
joined his wife and child at a down-town
hotel.
Although out of employment by the
loss of his vessel the captain shows no
signs of worry, as he has just received
a sympathetic letter from the owners of
the vessel, in which they speak highly
of his ability as a seaman and hold him
blameless for the wreck of the vessel.
In speaking about the wrecked vessel
last evening Captain Peabody said: "On
the night of the accident a gale was
blowing and a haze prevented our seeing
anything. One by one I sent men aloft
to sight the Farallones or the Point Bo
nita light, but without success. At last
1 went aloft, and some distance ahead I
saw breakers. 1 tried to wear my ship
around, but she did not answer her helm
as quickly as she would in the open sea.
The strong undercurrent rapidly drew us
inshore, and before we knew it we were
high and dry on the land.
"The gale increased in violence and the
waves went over us, washing everything
before them. We tried to send up rock
ets as signals of distress, but as fast as
they wore lighted the waves would put
tin m out. At last we tried lighted
oakum saturated with turpentine, and
thus ga\ne those on shore warning of our
peril."
After narrating the perilous scenes en
acted that awful night, the captain said
he lost nearly everything he possessed in
the world by the wrecking or the vessel.
He has been sailing thff mighty deep
since 1562 and was given his command !
when twenty-three years old. This is the i
first wreck he ever experienced during |
his long sc-rvice. Mrs. Peabody and their
little girl are still unnerved by the perils
of that night.
Captain Peabody expects to be given
another command very shortly. As to the
New York, he thinks she can never be
recovered.
SOCIALISM VS. ANARCHY.
A Spirited Debate by Champions of
Both Causes.
A joint debate on the question of
"Christian Socialism vs. Anarchy" drew
a large and appreciative audience to
Scottish Hall Tuesday night. The meet
ing was opened with a short address by
Peter B. McCabe, who was selected by
both principals to act as chairman and
umpire. The anarchists were out in force,
nearly all the local groups having dele
gations present, while the Christian
Socialists were equally well represented.
Andrew Klemencie. the Hpokesman for
"Anarchy," is a veteran in the Anarchist
ranks both in Europe and America, and
though not as fluent a speaker as his
opponent, is recognized for his sincerity
and earnestness of purpose as well as
zeal in promoting his ideas. Theodore
Lynch, his opponent, is the secretary and
one* of the organizers of the Union Kt
form League recently started by Rev. W.
D. P. Bliss for the spread of Christian
Socialism. The speakers held the floor
alternately for* an hour and a half, and
were followed by an eaual number of
socialists and anarchists till 11 o'clock,
when the debate was closed.
WOMAN BRUTALLY BEATEN.
Lawrence Massoni, a Butcher, Ar
rested on a Charge of Battery.
Lawrence Massoni, a butcher at 107
Hayes street, was arrested yesterday on
a warrant charging him with battery,
but a more serious charge may be regis
tered against him.
Massoni is a neignoor of Reuben Side
man, who has a ladles' tailor-shop. The
children of the two families had a fight
Tuesday, and in me afternoon Massoni
wont into Sldeman's store, and, after
abusing Mrs. Sidema:-.. knocked her down
and punched her on the side. Her
screams brought her husband to her as
sistance, and when Massoni saw him he
ran.
Mrs. Sidemnn is In a poorstateof health,
and it is feared that serious complications
will follow the brutal treatment she has
received at the hands of Massonf.
Sldeman swore to the warrant for Mas
soni's arrest in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday, and the Judge after hearing the
•story of the assault fixed his bonds at
$500.
R. Pahl's $3 Shoes always on hand.
Agency W. L. Douglas' Shoes, 324Kearny*
NEW HOME FOR THE CLERGY.
An Entertainment Is Given in Aid
of St. Patrick's Church.
An entertainment for the benefit of St.
Patrick's Bazaar, which is to be held in
the latter part of next September, was
given at Metropolitan Temple Tuesday
night, and proved both a financial and
artistic success.
The programme as arranged for the
evening included many exceptionally good
numbers, and was opened with an organ
prelude by Jj H. Dohrmann, the organist
of St. Patrick's Church.
James McDonald in a brief address out
lined the object of the bazaar, pointing
out the dilapidited condition of the pres
ent parochial residence and the immediate
necessity for the erection of a new and
decent structure.
The following committee was appointed
from the members of the Young Men's
Society to act as ushers In seating the
immense crowds of Catholics and non-
Catholics that came from all parts of the
city to attend the entertainmerit: John T.
Qu'inn, Frank T. Griffin, Joseph P. Hayes,
Uatt Cusack, T. J. Doran, Frank Sulli
.aii and John Lowney. Among the active
members of the Rosary Society, which
iave the entertainment under the guid
mce of the Rev. John Brennan, spiritual
ilrector, are Miss A. Downing, Mrs.
t-logan, Miss M. Dawson, Miss M. Dunne,
Mrs. Mclnerney. Miss F. Oonlon, Miss
U Brooks, Miss N. Powers. Mrs. Driscoll.
Miss L. Downing, Miss Maggie Fox, Miss
M. Gaffney, Miss M. Mahoney and Misa
M. Sullivan.
Jarley's Waxworks.
The M. M. Circle King's Daughters of
the California-street Mothodist Church
s preparing for a Jarley's wax works ex
.libition to be held on April J5. Mrs. L.
). Hodgkins, the original Mrs. Ja.rley of
his city, will have charge of the exhl
>ition, and as she intimate* that this will
>« her last exhibition here, it is expected
:hat i Urge audience will be present to
meet her and enjoy the portrayal of this
nost unique and interesting character as
-he alone can render it.
:,;- ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEMOCRATIC ENROLLMENT
pNROLLMENT OF DEMOCRATIC VOTERS
*-» will take place in the several Assembly
Districts on April 14, 15 and 16, 1898. . as  fol-
lows : ■ >
TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT, ;-Vv;?
•Drew's Hall, 121 New Montgomery street-
Three nights. ...
TWENTY-NINTH. DISTRICT. :
212 Fourth street, between Howard and Te-
hama— Three nights. ':;,- ■■ • ..
THIRTIETH DISTRICT. , ': ■.
1003 Howard street— Three nights. .
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
April 14— art) Eighth street. -April 15— Ninth
and Minna streets. . April 16— Ninth and Folsom
st real <=
THIRTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
April 14— 5."9 Bryant street. April 15— South-
wrst cornet of Bryant ami Zoe streets. April
16— Kentucky and Solano streets.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT.
April 14— Twnty-second and Folsom streets.
April 15— Kentucky street and Fourteenth
a\t-nue. April lti— Twenty-second and Tennes-
see streets.
THIRTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
April 14— Harmony Hall, Mission street, be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth. April 15—
Same place. April 16— Native Sons' Hall,
Seventeenth street.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
Corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission streets
—Three nights.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
April 14— Nineteenth and Castro streets. April
lu— Rolando Hall. Twenty-eighth and Church
streets. April 16- McDonald's cottage, Sickles
avenue, opj.o^itti <lf|.ut at ocean View.
TBDLRTY-BEVENTH DISTRICT.
April 14-Suuthwest corner of Webster and
Waller streets. April 15— Terminal House, cor-
ner of Haiglit and Stanyan streets. April 16—
1922 Market street, corner of Rose avenue.
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
April 14— Gil McAllister street. April 15—1502
Turk street. April 18— Same place.
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT.
Saratoga Hall, Sl4 Geary street— Three nights
FORTIETH DISTRICT.
April 14— Franklin Hall, Fillmore street, be-
tween Batter and Bush. April 15— Same place.
April 16— Boyce street and Point Lobos avenue
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
April 14— Hyde and Union streets. April 15—
3109 Buchanan street. April 16-Houthwest cor-
ner of Vallejo nml Polk street?.
FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT.
April 14— Turner Hall, 3lu O'Farrell street
April 15— Same place. April 10— Southwest cor-
ner of Pacific and Leavenwnrth streets.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT
California Hall. G2>t Bush street— Three nights
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT.
Washington-square Hall, Stockton and Union
streets-Thr""" night*
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT.
339 Broadway— Three nights.
Hours of enrollment, 7 to 10 p. m.
_. P. J. HARNEY.
Chairman General Committee Democratic
Party.
JOHN F. McGOVERN, Secretary.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The Established and Reliable Specialist,
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of AH
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forms.
WRITE if you cannot call. "
Consultation free and confidential at office
or by letter. A , valuable book, "Guide to
Health," free. {
P. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, : San Francisco, Cal. ■
LADUE-YUKON
TRANSPORTATIONS.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.
General Freight and Passenger Agents,
609 MARKET STREET,
Will Dispatch Their Magnificent Steamer
"MORGAN CITY"
FOR
JUNEAU,DYEA, SKAGUAY,
COPPER RIVER, COOKS
INLET and
DUTCH HARBOR
From Jaokaon-Street Wharf on
SATURDAY, APRIL 16th.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 Market Street and 204 Front Street.'
ELY'S CREAM BALM in a positive cure.
Apply into the nostrils. ; It is quickly absorbed. 60
cents at Druggist* or by mail ; samples 10c; by mail.
ELY BROTH CO Warns St.. New York City.
B2ofeT
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE:
AT WHUH A HORMAI EYE SHOULD CLEARLY.
DISTINGUISH LETTERS % of AH itfCH UOHG.
CALL and HAVE y°UR EyES TESTED :
*\<i FREt «f CHARGt. "$•
642market,St.
OHDtR C-MRPH'CLE BUILDING. •
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. A'rrrou* ]>Ucases — Failing Mem*
I ory, Im potency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses and India'
; cretions. They quickly and surely
reetoro Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man for study, business or marriage.
B» Prevent - Insanity i and I Consumption if
me. Their use shors immediate improve-
iaent and effocts a <!USE where all other fail In-
sist upon haying the genuine Aj.~.x Tablets. They
htve cared thousands and wil 1 care you. Wo Rive 3 pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a cure Cft f>TC a
each case or refund tho money. Price UV W I per
package; or six plcges (full treatment) for $2.60. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
frao AJAX REWFHVCO.. 0
For wile In San Francisco by LeipnlU * 0%.
■0 flutter. ; No~P«rcentaf t Pharmacy, . 853 Mkt.
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTB, AUCTIONEER.
Telephone Mint 1504.. ">
1119 DAY.
rHURSDAY....... April 14, 1898
At 11 O'clock a. m., at 414 MCALLISTER ST.
The elegant- Furniture of a 10-room house,
consisting of elegant Parlor, Bedroom and Din-
ing-room Furniture, Blankets, 3 Folding Beds,
elegant , Desk, Gas . Range, Refrigerator, ;; Car-
pets, Books. 2 Bicycles and numerous other
articles. • : - ■ ;
AMUSEMENTS.
.
BALDWIN THEATER.
\ REAL WfYVT'<3 NEW COMEDY
LIVE HIT, nyj lAD SUCCESS,
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
All this and next week, including Sunday,
:: " MATINEE SATURDAY.
Coming— "THE PURSER." , ■
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 5 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Author-actor, Mr. James A.
;; . * .HERNE. • .
-In his own Beautiful : Comedy Drama,
"SHORE ACRES."
■. . Direction of Henry C. Miner.
EXTRA— MONDAY NIGHT, MARIE
JANSEN in "DELMONICO'S AT 6."
"" . A Play for Laughter Only.
-•-•'-'. SEA'i : NOW READY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
-■;*.: t; .The Famous Author Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
And a Select Company, Presenting His Mas-
terpiece,
"OLD LAVENDER."
Up to and including next Sunday.
Prices.. 15c. 25c, 60c, 750
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50c
EXTRA-
; THREE >»'IGHTP— April I<>. 21 and 23.
GRAND OPERA IN ITALIAN!
The Pre-eminent "Queen of Song," MADAME
. .MELBA. .
Supported by the Dtmrosch-Ellii Grand Opera Co.
Repertoire— Tues., "Traviata"; Thurs., "The
Barber of Seville," and Sat., "Lucia."
Prices $7, $0, J5, $4. $3, $2; boxes $«
Sale of boxes and seats now open.
MOROSOO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Magnificent Spectacular Production of the
Great French Drama,
PAVEMENTS
OF
PARIS!
GRAND TABLEAUX— OF FOR-
BACH, FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR—
BY MOONLIGHT— THE FAMOUS PONT
NEUF— THE RIVER SEINE — EXCITING
PARISIAN CLEVER COM-
EDY.
• EVENING PRICES, 10c, 25c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mils- Eu.Ni'STiNE Kkelixo. Proprietor & Maaa;*?
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
"That's nothing — that's nothing at all."
EVERYTHING NEW AND UP-TO-DATE.
Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque.
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
A SUPERB CAST— BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
- . - -- ■ Hear "The Bogle Man."
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 60c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY,
. FRITZ . SCHEEL, Musical Director.
TENTH CONCERT.
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE, THIS AFTER-
NOON, April 14,' at 3:15 o'clock. Programme:
Symphony C, dur, (Schubert); symphonic
poem, "The Ratcatcher of Hammelin" (Ur-
ban); Venusberg • music, Bachanal© (Wagner),
Paris edition.
Prices, including reserved seats. $1 80, $1 and
mo. Sale of seats at Tlvoll Opera House.
rhat Strongest of Traveling Vaudeville Com-
binations,
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS; HELEN
MORA. Renowned Barytone; McINTYRE &
HEATH, Black Face Comedians: WILLIAMS
& WALKER, The Real Colored Boys; CHAS.
It. SWEET, the Piano Tramp; THORNE &
CARLTON. Comedy Sketch Artist?; LAFAY-
ETTE. Fantastic Mimic; A AX, the Flexible
Marvel.
Reserved seats,. 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
ALCAZAR seat B h^e
r%*-<\s<r\£~m.L\» main 254.
SHE IS A SUCCESS.
WILLIAM PASCOE AS MISS BROWN.
Every Night at 8:15.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2.
THE STRANGE :
ADVENTURES —
OF MISS BROWN—
Prices 13c, 25c, 35c and EOc.
ASIA, AFRICA andthe ANTIPODES
HAVE SENT THEIR FINEST ANIMALS to the
ZOO lIN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE, the T'ntamable Lton," sub-
dued by Captain Cardc.io, and attractions
without number.
Animals trained from 10 to 2.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
10c to All. including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY,
April 4, to April 16 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNE3DAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OH MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco nt 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00. 2:,10 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m., and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancinp. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshment? at city prtrps. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children. 15c; including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER TKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Qampo at
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
OT VMPIA Ccrner of Mtson and
America's most beautiful Music Hall.
GRAND EASTER BILL; MANDOLA. master
of equipoire; ELLWOOD. female Impersona-
tor; CARLTON SISTERS. Trilby dancers;
TUNISON, operatic star: INEZ & ANTOIN-
ETTE and others. House heated. Admission
free.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO. HALL,
223 SUTTER STREET.
TO-NIGHT AND MATINEE TO-MORROW.
The Most Wonderful Musical Genius in the
World.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM.
Feats Now on Sale, $1; Children. 50c.
THE PASSION PLAY,
With life-moving pictures, at the T. M. C.
A Hall w "11 not be produced this afternoon
nor this evening, but will be given THE REST
OF THE WEEK.
Admission. 2."> c; children. 15c.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^toJS 625KEABXTST. Established
tF",r^&Kk in 1854 for the treatment of Private
■ JL;S UisenseB. Lost Manhood. Debility or
HH^nJEA disease wearing oti bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
TfIHHB Cnic»i!uarantf»d. Cailorwrlte.
Dr. J. *'. UIB3OX, Box 1957. San Fracclsco.
78
JUGGLER RACED
TO HIS WORK
Friar Tuck Colt, Backed
to a Standstill, "Won
in a Drive.
The Books Slaughtered Over
the Victory of George
Miller.
Oohu Played for • Mild "Killing."
Favorites Traveled a Bumpy
Route as Usual.
Of th<> several "unfastenings" occurring
at the track over the bay yesterday none
was so golden in its returns as the
fine-looking colt Juggler. The youngster,
a son of imp. Friar Tuck and Zarina, was
owned by J. S. Gibson of Yolo County,
but had been taught the elementary rudi
ment? of the gam • by the veteran George
Howson. He made his debut in the
three and a haU furlong scramble for
maidens, decided under selling conditions,
and was entered to be sold' for $500. His
work nad been far above the average, and
from 10 to 1 he was played down to 5 to
2 favoritism. Turning the bend for home
behind four of the other starters with
his mouth wide open and apparently
"nopelessly pocketed, Henneasy managed
to squeeze through on the inside, and,
driving at the end, got the decision from
Rey Hooker, a 00 to 1 shot, by a scant
head. When put up to be auctioned me
winner was bid up to $1100, at which fig
ure his trainer sorrowfully parted with
him.
Several other highly educated ones were
put over the plate, and the ring was hard
nit. Three favorites and three well
backed outsiders helped deplete the book
makers" exchequer.
In the linal live and a half furlong
sprint it seemed as though everybody on
the grounds had a bet on George Miller.
The olil-time favorite was pounded down
from flvea to 5 to 2 favoritism, and won all
by himself, with Potentate capturing the
place from San Mateo.
The books got in wrong at the kick-off.
They laid ."> and G to 1 in the opening bet
ting against Kly, and, after being played
down to 8 in .". favoritism, the geiding led
his company all tne way, winning cleverly
from Alma. McFarlane took the show.
The end-stay folks got their checks
down in plenty on Oahu to win the second
event at 6 funongs, forcing the oaus
against the Idalium filly down from 10 to
6. With Gouin in the saddle she skipped
to the front and fairly walked in. Ap
plejack was secc.-Q, driving from Joe
Levy.
The Burns & Waterhou6e entry. Sweet
Faverdnle, carried the bulk of the money
bet on the mile ana a furlong selling run,
end, aftf-r striking the stretch In the lead,
was heaten out by both Earl Cochran and
Twinkior. The winner. Earl Cochran, was
& to 1 in the betting.
Kittlemen Bros.' good mare Midlight
looked pounds the best of the crowd in
the lifth event, over six furlongs, but re
ceded in the betting, and showed a notice
able lack of speed. Petxotto. a 12 to 1 shot,
was In front from the lirst, galloping in
ahead of Lost Girl, another despised one.
The favorite was third.
TRACK NOTES.
The Easterners are gradually parkins; their
grips and pullinp out on each departing over
land train. Fred Cowan and Pete Gaffney left
for New York la?t night, and Bookmaker
Charles Walters starts for St. Louis this morn-
Ing. Thr- latter is a heavy losrr over the sea-
Fr.n's booking, quitting between $12,000 and
$15,000 behind. On Saturday next Harry Griffin,
the ex-Jo< key, will bid his friends adieu.
W. H. Timmons, it seems, has been dickering
with J. S. Gibson for the purchase of Juggler.
Satisfactory terms could not be arrived at. so
■when the two-year-old won yesterday Mr. Tim
mons sot him at his own rl.rjre. He also
cai-hed a good b°t over the colt's victory. Much
sympathy was expressed for Trainer Howson,
but he simply phared the fate of all natives
racing horses for Eastern rain.
There weie altogether too many "uncorklngs"
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-14Oth day of th*
Winter Meeting, Wednesday, April 13, 1898. Weather fine. Traok
fast.
CQQ FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling;
01/Ot purse, $300.
" Index. Horses. Weight. [St. «m. Hra. «im. Str.
four-year-olds
Fin. j Jocke
and
eys.
upward;
|Op. Cl.
64R Fly, a 106]
861 Alma, 4 1001
871 McFarlane, 6 1091
823 Donation, 5 l r >f>
827 Zarro. E 105
574 Nervoso, 6 105 1
523 Alvin E, 4 102
850 Cavallo, 4 10:*
620 Spry Lark, 5 103
«■!!! Jerllderio, 4 100
582 ■ Had Eyes, 4 105]
ga> Gold Bug, a 105|
Liter 1). 4 102j
1
i; 4
. n
i 12
1 6
!10
2
h
M
%
h
3
4
4
6
2
114
2 4
3 4
si
6%
5 4
8 4
9
4 4
10
11
12
13
1 14
2 %
3 2
4 2
5 2
,> 6 h
7 4
8 4
9 2
10 3
• 11 3
12 15
13
McDonald ...
Woods .......
Tompkins
j Spencer
2 8-5
8-5 8
10 30
' 6 8
8 10
10 12
6 8
8 9
20 30
20 20
10 15
10 30
60 250
Gouin
Holmes
Clawson
| Hennessy ....
i 9
t 1
!!
i 7
i 8
sju
Ruiz
McGinn
R. Narvaez...
G. Wilson....
ONell
Time, 1:084. Winner. D. M. Hanlon's eh. g. by Reveille-Fusillade's Last.
Won easily. Second and third driving^
Fair start.
QCkA SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $350.
■ !
Bfi2 Oahu 110! 1 ... 114 3 10 17 18 Gouin 6 8
818 Applejack 105 5 ... 8h 2h 2h 21 Mclntyre .... 3 18-5
825 Joe Levy l') 6 7 ... 5h 44 8h 31 Thorpe 3 10
gg4 Hr.henlohe 11514 ... 6h El 46 2 4h Freeman 5-2 1
BSB J'efiant 112 2 ... 7 6 2 4 4 6 5 |Spencer 15 30
825 Kroka 110 3 ... 4 1 3 h 5 4 610 iClawson 7-5 7-5
861 Momenus_. . . . „ . ._. . ..1051 6 ... 2 4 7 7 7 |Frawley 20 60
Time, 1:16. Winner. J. D. Ladd's br. f. by Imp. IdaJium-Marla F. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
895.
THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse,
$300.
Horses.
'eight, j
%m.
... JugglPr 108 6 ... ... 3 1 ... Ins Hennessy 10 5-2
EKS Rey Hooker 103 8 ... ... 4 4 ... 2H |Rulz 30 50
887 Zaccatoso 108 1 ... ... 1 h ... 3 4 Mclntyre 2 5
863 Crns=molina IK " ... ... 6 4 ... 4 1 Spencer 2 5
... Mallakwa 10815 ... ... 5h ... 5 4 Piggott 3 10
887 T'hler 106] 2 ... ... 2h ... 6 3 Goutn 8 8
563 Feversham 103 4 ... ... 710 ... 725 Clawson 5 6
... Polka 108 3 ... ... 8 2 ... 8 2 Thorpe 6 5
. . Billy G l'.s 9 9 9 Woods 40 60
Time. :43. Winner, J. S. Gibson's eh. c. by imp. Friar Tuck-Zarina. Good start. Won
first t hr.-r- tiriviiiM.
... Jusrgler 108
. Hooker 103
887 Zaccatoso 108
863 Crossmolina 105
... Mallakwa 108!
BS7 I'hler £06
563 Feversham 103
... Polka 108
... Billy G 10S
rit'nnesgy ....
Ruiz
Mclntyre •....
Spencer
Piggott
10
30
2
2
3
8
5
6
41
5-2
50
5
6
10
8
6
5
50
Gouin
clawson
iThorpe
I Woods
QQP FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
cst/O» puree, $100.
~~ Index. Horses] Weight. IBt. Std. %m. 4m. %m] Str] Pin. I Jockeys. [Op] Cl.
876 Earl Cochran, 5.... 1061 4 SVi 424 4 2
(867) Twlr.kler. 3 96! 7 7 7 6 4
(872) Sweet Faverdaie, 5.113! 14 1 2 h 2 4
BSI Miss Ruth, 6 94 1 5 In 124 1%
uffie. 5 113| 3 2n 3 1 3%
881 Atticus. 4 9216 614 6 4 7
881 George Palmer. 4... X] 2_ 5 2 6 1 6 2__
TUne, VM%. Winner, J. Cochran's br. g. by
first three driving.
4
!
1
6
-
5 1 -; 424 4 2
77 6 4
4 1 2 h 2 14
In 124 1%
2 n 3 1 3 Mi
6 IV4 ■ 6 H 7
525 1 6 2
4 4
6 4
1
3 h
2 4
6 6
7
1 1
2 h
4 4
5 1
3 3
6 5
1H
2 4
3 3
4 1
5 4
6 6
I. Brown 8 6
'lawson 2 6-2
"horpe 4-5 1
»ray 25 15
'layton 5 2
iarrigan 30 100
Inltnes 50 100
c EC Good start. Won
42O*T FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
I; purse, $400.
;. Hnr?f*F.
(850) Peixotto. 5 104
(871) Lost Girl, 4.. US
(885) MldllKht. 4 105
BSS The Plutocrat. 4.... 102
(851) Sport McAllister, 6.109
885. Summertime. 4 105
>-?.>- Charles A, a 104]
(869) Merry Boy. 4........ 101
■ 874 Queen Nubia, 4 99
... Grace f, 4 99
808 Miss Ross, 5.. 10T
880 Break o' Day.- <.'... 102
■850) Peixotto. 5 104 1 ... In 14 ... 15 Mclntyre .... 8 10
871) Lost Girl, 4 102 6 ... 4 2 4 3 ... 21% McDonald ... 8 20
885) Midlight. 4 105 9 ... 3h 3h ... 3 5 Gray 1 9-10
BSS The Plutocrat. 4.. ..102 7 ... 8 2 5 4 ... 4h Dorsey 8 7
;8S1) Sport McAllister, 6.109 5 ... 2 2 2 1 ... 5 4 Hennessy .... 8 20
88S Summertime. 4 Jor.iU ... 12 1 111 ... 6 4 Spencer 4 fl
S3S Charles A. a 104 \ 3 ... 6 2 6 4 ... 7 4 G. Wilson.... 30 60
869) Merry Boy, 4 101 4 ... 9'i 8 2 ... 8 H Woods 30 fiO
874 Queen Nubia, 4 99 i 2 ... 5h "h ... 9 2 Clawson 10 15
... Oraee F, 4 99 12 ... 11l 10^ ... 30 2 Holmes 100 300
80S Idas BOW, S 107110 ... 7 3 12 ... 113 Piggott 10 20
880 Break o' Day, 4....102J 8 ... 10 2 9 3 12 H. 8r0wn.... 3 W
\l
9
7
ill
1
11
110
! 8
1 n
4 2
3 h
5 2
2 2
12 1
6 2
9 4
S h
11 1
7 3
10 2
1 4
4 3
3 h
5 4
2 1
11 1
6 4
8 2
7 h
10 4
12
I 3
1 5
2 14
3 6
4 h
6 4
6 4
7 4
8 4
9 2
10 2
11 3
12
Mclntyre ....
McDonald ...
Gray
Dorsey
Hennessy ....
Spencer
O. Wilson....
Woods
Clawson
Holmes
Piggott
H_. Brown
, Time, 1:15. Winner, J. J. Coalter"s eh. g. by Imp. Brutus-imp. Kelpie. Good start. Won
easily. - '
000 SIXTH RACE— and a half furlongs; selling;
O*7CJ» purse, $400. . -
Index. Horses. Weight. I Vim. Jim. ; %m. ; Str.
four-year-olds and
Fln.~j Jockeys'
upward ;
S2O George Miller, a I
874 Potentate, a
74.', San Mateo, 4 !
574 Dolore. 4
S6l Lono Princess, 4 !
v"''i I'lumeria, 5 1
871 Salisbury 11, 5
174 Widow .Tones, 4
SRfi Scotch Rose. 4 i
857 Masoero, 5 1
£74 Howard, a '
874 Santa Paula, 4 1
1
4
8
I
6
3
G
9
7
9
If)
•
:...[
1 4
4 4
6%
8 10
3 %
2 1
'■ 6 1
9
71
10
11
is; ...
3 4
4 1
6 1 ...
5 4
• : 2 4 ...
§* :::
> 71 ' •;■ .;.
10 - ...
11 ...
12
2 h
3 3
4 4
5 1
6 4
7 2
8 4
93
10 5
XI
: '"- pr .......
nnessy ....
ton ..;...
>wn ........
iy.
uin .:......
Intyre •"....
Wilson....
iwson .....
3 5-2
6 10
3 7-2
15 50
15 40
12 15
8 12
40 100
i-5 13-5
30 40
20 30
20 40
•vena
Donald . . .
lz
• Left. ■ " ~ :.-■ ;.-. :■ ' ■ ■■• '
Time, 1:084. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's b. g. by tin-Emm*. Poor start;" Won pull-
ing up. . ... ... .. •-. . ■ • ■ V ■:■
yesterday. T. E. Latta, the owner of Rey
Hooker, was pleased to confide to his more inti
mate rriends that the colt had been resting
easily of late, and they loaded up at the elong
ated i) rice of 5u and 60 to 1. Beaten a short
head on the finishing line was assuredly ma
terial for another hard luck chapter.
W. B. Sink Jr. departs for the Eastern coun
try on Monday next, with Formero, Refugee
and Rio Chlco. The former, a son of the South
ern California sire. im». Conveth, is a colt
above the average, and If not killed off will
take some beating from the blue grass fed
candidates. "Pa" Bradley' s Traverser will
Journey over the mountains In the same car.
Johnny Humphreys looked contented with all
the world alter Juggler whispered in. He held
some pasteboards on the colt, getting on at
top price.
Although fond of bouquets. Richard Clawson
of Woodland had a difficult time at the con
clusion of the fourth event In getting some per
son, sane or insane, to tell him he rode a good
race on Twlnkler. Master Clawson takes liber
ties with the Judges and with horses at times
when it looks like handling hot coals. If Claw
son could forget that he and Tod Sloan are
the greatest of all riders he would pilot more
■winners.
Starter J. B. Ferguson was yesterday In re
ceipt of a telesrram from E. A. Tipton. man
ager of the Montana circuit, stating that the
Anaconda entries will close on Saturday next.
Entries for the big $5000 "Labor Day" Handi
cap, over one and a quarter miles, close on
May 7.
Had he not been cut off Just as the barrier
was released. Juggler would have won hands
down. Report had him working four furlongs
In 50 seconds, with IIS pounds In the saddle.
Fly opened in the betting at 6 and 6 to 1, at
which figure considerable coin was taken in by
the books.
This will be cut-in day at the track, and it Is
said that George Rose will b* an absentee from
the block. The big California penciler is said
to be a good loser on the season.
Eroica ran a delightiul race for a favorite,
and one or two books laid quite liberal place
odds. The conjurers will get their work in
from this time on unjess the officials relapse
from their reverie. Three days of "get-away
stakes" Is quite sufficient.
Palo Alto Stock Farm has issued Its annual
handsomely bound catalogue of thoroughbred
and trotting stock, containing complete pedi
grees of the sires and matrons of that noted
breeding establishment.
The annual sale of the Belle Meade yearlings
will be held this year at the Sheepshead Bay
»ckß, the last three days in June. The
Bale will undoubtedly attract the attention of
turfmen in all parts ot the country, as the
produce of this celebrated Tennessee breeding
establishment have performed so well in past
yean that owners are anxious to get a son or
daughter of the great Iroquols, Longstreet,
Clarendon, Tremont, Luke Blackburn or any of
the grand thoroughbreds who make Belle
Meade their home. This year's crop of two-year
olds already started have shown up exceed
ingly well, and the first two races given on
our own tracks were won by a Belle Meade
youngster, Buena Ventura.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; four
3-ear-olds and upward; selling.
891 Robair 109 898 Salisbury II 104
854 Red Glenn 104 (84S)Myth 101
880 Olive 102 (S74)Sly 106
874 Judge Stoufl>r..lol SSS Sea Spray 109
Second Race— One mile; selling; thre«-year
olds.
758 Loumont 102^ 884 Bonita 108
892 Mldlan lia (SM)Watomba 10S
BS6 Don Luis 104, SKS Ternary 107
865 Bonnie lone 102] S6S Elsmore 107
780 Sadie Schwartz. l'^ ; *86 Floronso 107
(S6S)Charles Le 8e1. .107 (SS4)Ockturuck 104
567 Mistleton W7|
Third Race— Gephardt Stakes; value, $2000;
five furlongs; two-year-olds.
(S77)Olinthus 123 758 Mossbrae 110
877 Magdalenas ....120! 858 K. Come 110
82S Milt Young 118; 888 Leo Vertner 1W
877 Obsidian 110 864 Humidity 107
861 Sevens -...110l
Fourth Race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three- year-olds and upward; Free Handicap.
(846)Grady 107 1 Ml Judge Denny ...110
S6O Flashlight 110 859 San Venado 99
(SSSib'ddle Jones ....103: 89" Key del Tlerra.. 88
Fifth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
SR6 Good Friend ... 93 851 Rose Maid 87
477 Little Singer ... 93! 889 Jo* Mussle 98
879 Recreation 102! 856 Caatake U2
892 Don tiara 1011 (789)Montallade 106
841 Chappie 95 865 Ed Gartiand 11. S9
(825) Bitter Root 107 SSO MoLight ....109
891 Morinel 105 856 Oyaro 80
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
876 San Marco 1051 890 Rubicon 108
871 Coda 1001 890 Rey del Tierra..los
890 Treachery 1001 872 Song and Dancelo2
(Ss7)Caspar 105| 891 Claudius 105
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Myth, Robair, Ply.
Second Race — Watomba, Bonita, Floronso.
Third Race— Humidity, Olinthus, Sevens.
Fourth Race— Eddie Jones, Flashlight, Grady.
Fifth Race — Recreation, McLight, Chappie.
Sixth Race — San Marco, Rubicon, Caspar.
Concert at St. John's.
On Thursday evening a grand concert
will be given at St. John's Presbyterian
Church, southeast corner of California
and Octavia streets. A programme of
unusual excellence will be presented.
Among those taking part are: Mrs. Eva
Tenny, soprano; Mrs. Olive Reed-Cush
man, contralto; Clarence Wendell, tenor;
Charles Parent, bass; Arthur Johannsen,
violinist; F. Dellepiane, pianist.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
TRADEMARK CONTENTION
Suits for Alleged Imitation of French
Brandy and Spanish Bitters
With Claim for Damages.
Jacques Richard, Maurice Hennessy &
Brothers Of the district of Cognac,
France, filed several complaints in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday
asking for an injunction to restrain the
the labels and packages of Hennessy
brandy, and for an accounting Of the
profits' collected by the defendants. The
defendants in the : several oases are resi
dents of this city, as follows: The Wil
merding-Loewe Company, Mendle Rotn
enberg, Felix Coblentz and Albert J. and
Catherine M. Buneman.
Siegert Brothers of the Isle of Trinidad,
Spain, also filed suits in the same court
against Mendle Rothenberg and theßune
.mans for imitating the packages and
labels of Angostura Bitters, the name and
trademark of which are claimed by the
plaintiffs. James L. Hopkins and Adolph
L. Pincoffs are attorneys for the plain
tiffs.
HOTEL AHRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL..
J Langsdorf, NT i A W Bell. P»
H B Vercoe &w, Londj A Stein & w Chicago
S D Allen & w, Cal J M Barney, Dutch Fit
G Varker, Glasgow G Mitchell, N V
T F Slngiser, Idaho Mrs G Mitchell, N T
R H Herron, L Ang W Robinson. Ypsllantl
F H Holyoke & w. Me C T Boal, Chicago
Mrs G E Pflnder, B C! Mrß C T Boal, Chicago
J J GUI, Steubenvllle Miss E M Boal, Chso
Miss Gill, Toledo Miss A C Boal, Chgo
C Marsden, Alaska < Mrs G F Frost, 111
F S Morris. Portland [Mrs J C Biddle. Pa
R E Moody, Portland Mrs S R Lawtun, 111
J Cohen, N V Miss C X Lawton, N V
S A Ginterman, Minn Miss D B I^awton, N V
A Jukes, Vancouver C H Vilas. Chicago
H 6 Dormltzer, N V J Brenner, Sacto
C J Storm. Japan Mrs 8 W Brophy, 111
J Selles, Kobe G O Kruse, N V
H J Liggett, N V Mrs S C Crane. S Cruz
J J Ruben, N V W C R Hazard, N V
■\V G Rclis. Pa Mrs T Chase, Boston
W F Eells, Pa O Codman, Boston
G R Lewis, Newark G D Parks. Ark
A Publow, NY EH Brownson & w,
P \V Dorsey, Penver Canada
F H Carpenter. Yuma G Ktslingbury. Utah
Mrs C 3 Seltzer, Pa iR M Strohn, Stanford
Mrs H Johann, NT |A Anelney, Chicago
J C Copley. 11l I Mrs E J Carter & c, 111
J N Rice Chicago ' F S Johnson & W, Cal
J M Beck, Chicago I W J English, Chicago
Mrs \V L McCUntock, I Miss A E Ryan. 11l
Pa W B Mulcoh, USN
C O McCllntock, Pa |
GRAND HOTEL.
J P Miller. Hdsburg O A Lowe &w, Cal
E B Snook, Healdsbrg Thos Brown & w, Okld
A Patterson. Ogden M Hamilton, G Ellen
G W Strong & w, Wa- J A Edman, Oakland
seco, Minn B S Church, New York
D D Whltbeek. Sacto Miss C McClurg. Okld
A Gllman, Palo Alto H E Love. Eureka
W H Nichols and wf, Mrs H E Love. Eurka
Courtland Miss Love. Eureka
Mrs E J Nichols, Ctld T Nicholson & W Rmd
E P Fonl Pacto H de Pichon, Livmore
T B Williams. VlctorajT B Dillon, Amador
J Lander. Cilusa !W W Turney, Cmpbell
O W Erlewlne. Sacto J J Crosby, Seattle
G L Cross, Berkeley J P Onstott & w Sacto
Thos Clark, Placervillejß S Boynton & w.Ovle
Mrs T W Brophy, Cgo Miss Julia Nixon, Yka
Burt Sanbnrn, L Ang H G Melvln, Sacto
Trenmor Coffin, Toledo A Maltman, Angels
Mrs A Burgert. Carson N E Gilbert. Lob Ang
Miss F Burgert. Carsn H H Runick, Pueblo
C E Hale. Los AngeleslV E Richards. N H
L Winter. Los Angeles |G Crawford, Chicago
S Gerson, Sacto |T Jensen & w, Nman
Jennie M Moore. BstnH H Thompson, Lodl
Jas O'Neill, Sacto W Jenkins, Sonora
J C Klein and \v, N J 1
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J E Beale, Sacto F Delaney, Sacto
J L Greer & w, Cal J Roberts. Visalia
M B Conatser, Los Ang C Barlow, Cal
C H Soekle, Chicago H A Balfour, Sonora
J H Franklin, Vallejo Q B Bonnett, Nevada
L Leberer. Haywards J B Jenkins, Sacto
R Smith, Sta Barbara L N Rutherford. La
A Hansen, Riverside R F Cummings. Cal
A P.elew, Dixon IN Marshall. Gilroy
H Daniels, Portland O M Werner, Nevada.
C R Holdsworth. Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
B Raymond, San Jose N Pierson, Pacto
C W Strine & w. Pa J Curtin, S Dakota
E W Rldpath, Boston F S Field & w. Cal
J W Naylor. Chicago Dr A M Gardener, w &
S Thall. New York d, Napa
L Isaac, Npw York J E Stparns, Idaho
A B Cornell, N V J Harrison, Chicago
Mrs 6 Merrill. Texas W Rayn &w, Dlxon
Mrs D S Clarke. Eng A J Pelt, Milwaukee
W J Kelly, Sacto
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nl^ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open v. Ml 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. Vf. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _JV-
EVENING, April 14. at 7:30 o'clock. TC/f
First degree. By order of the Master. f^r *
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212, F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVEN-^V_
ING at 7:30 o'clock for first degree. /Jv3\
By order of the Master /NF\
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
PRESIDIO Lodge No. 334. I. O. O. _ < xm#U£'y>
F.— Brothers, the Veteran OM •tSsrSSMfe:
Fellows will visit this lodge | S»fes : r
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, -^'lo^
April 14. Good time assured. Visitors cor-
- dially invited. " By order .
J. R. FRASER. N. G.
W. H. SHARPE. Recording Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v <y >,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3V, ffc OJ
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32
O'Farrell St., at 8 o'clock. A lull at- **ssW*
tendance requested.
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the following
orphans, half-orpha,ns and abandoned girls
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to April 1, 1898: Adah Lois
Madelien. age 3 years; Mary Josephine
O'Neill, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown, age
9 years 8 months; Fannie Lowans. age 9
years; Pauline Brown, age 6* years 10 months;
MUlicent Huntlngton, age 4 years.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market, near Sixth,
room 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections 'made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. &iSO.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29, second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 10, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
_baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
21." Kearny St., room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1 343
Third st. and 280S Twenty-fourth.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st.. room 1L
MISS ANDERSON, bat nsTTnassage ; 'Swedish
movement. SO6 Market, room 25. second floor.
NOTICKS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend NoT~s4~(fortjl
cents per share) of the HUT/CHIN SON
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
payable at the office of the company, 37
Market st. on and after Wednesday, April
20, 1898. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, April 14, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS X'ANTGD- FEMALB.
PARTIES looking for help for Bprlngs~and
country hotels call, address or telephone to
the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau; a number of first-class girls are wait-
ing situations. MRS. G. NORTON, 323 Sutter
6t. ; telephone Green 721.
GERMAN housegirl; first-class cook and laun-
dress: good houseworker; city or country-
best reference. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
THOROUGHLY competent German womande^
sires situation where she can have her daugh-
ter with her, who is a highly educated girl;
mother fine dressmaker and cook or house-
keeper. MISS CULLEN, ?25 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework: $10 to $15-
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish iaundr?ss desires situa-
tion; best references; ;ity or country. SUSS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter .t.
DRESSMAKER desires a few engagements in
private families, or will take work at her
home. First-class cutter and fitter; best ref-
erence. MRS. CHAPMAN, 80S Twenty-sev-
enth st., bet. San Pablo and West, Oakland.
COMPETENT German girl desires a situation
to do cooking and housework. J. F. Ctf S-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter it.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
light housework; good cook and laundress
Call or address 1231 Market st., room 21.
SITUATIONS V r ANTED— Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with a child 9 years
of atre wishes position as housekeeper; no
objections to small distance in country. MRS.
COOK, mi Jones st. ■ _____
NEAT reliable elderly American woman de-
sires position, cooking, washing and the care
of children; has references; widower's family
-referred; wages $10 month. Box 3267, Call.
WIDOW with good health wants position as
housekeeper in or out of city. Address MRS.
_ICING, New Western Hotel, rooir^jJO.
TWO sisters wih experience wish positions In
hotel or private family. Call after 12 at "room
11, 802 Montgomery St., city.
RESPECTABLE woman to work by the day;
best references; wages $1 and car fare. Box
_ 326?, Call office.
AMERICAN nurseglrl, age 1», wishes pla:e to
take care of children and willing to assist.
267 Minna st.
ELDERLY lady wishes a place; city or coun-
try; $10 a month. 212 Minna st., near Third.
NEAT mlddle-aged^woman, fine American cook
and baker; no objection to pummer resort or
large family; wages $10 to $12. 129 Third St.
GOOD cook and manageress and a second girl
for the same house, or will do chamberwork
or waiting; city or country- Box 3177, Call.
YOUNG Swedish glri wants situation, up-
stairs work and wait at table; good refer-
ence. 1022 Larkin St.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by the
day. Call at 603 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION wanted 7 by a young woman;
washing, ironing, housework or any kind of
wurk by the day. Call at 326 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cook
or housekeeper in mining town or small
ranch. 310 Sixth St.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper; speaks
French and German; city preferred. Ad-
dress or call at 13SA Fourth St., room 4.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping; no obfection to short distance in
country- Call or'address 1104 Mission St., r. 10.
TOUNG Scandinavian woman with a child
wishes position as housekeeper; wages no ob-
ject. Address box 3268, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes to work for a ladles'
physician, city or Oakland, and take part of
pay in instructions. Address until Thurs-
day. Work, box 3186, Call office.
DANISH girl wants work by the day; plain
washing and general housework. 1331 Fulton.
GOOD dressmaker wants few more engage-
ments; $1 50 day; references. 112 Taylor st.
GOOD nurse would like a few engagements;
terms reasonable. 1110 Powell st.
WANTED— By competent woman, houseclean-
ing or washing by the day. 1110 Powell St.
YOUNG lady graduate of the Polytechnic High
School wishes a position as assistant book-
keeper or typewriter and stenographer. Box
3246, Call office.
COMPETENT, educated American woman with
4-year-old child would like a situation as
housekeeper — to do cooking and housework;
good cook and housekeeper and a person
worthy of trust; good references; wages $12
to $15; country preferred. Address Experience,
Santa Rosa, Cal.
POSITION as teacher desired by a lady
student during the summer; experienced;
French and German; references given and
required. Box 115, Palo Alto.
DURING the summer vacation an engagement
desired by an experienced lady as house-
keeper in a summer boarding-house or private
family; references given and required. Box
115, Palo Alto.
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook
wishes position. Address I. D., 1625 San
Bruno road.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements; $1 25 per day; no
objections to country. Address box 3224, Call.
COLORED girl desires n situation to do light
housework. Call or address 1056 Pacific st.
GOOD Scandinavian girl wishes to cook In
American family or general housework. 913
Howard st.
WOMAN wishes to take care of chicken ranch
or act as housekeeper. Address MRS. JOSIE
RAMSEY, care Harry Holland, 3 Hermann.
EXPERT hand massage treatment for reduc-
ing flesh; guaranteed. MRS. K. L., box 3258,
Call office.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day. 11
Bernlce st., bet. 12th and 13th, near Harrison.
TWO competent women want positions In
Skaguay as cooks, waitresses or housekeep-
ers. Box 3262, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; Is a
good seamstress or would do mending; $1 25
per day. 615 Post st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALES.
CHINESE and Japanese <estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1!»97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414H OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employni't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant o« Geo. Aoki, 30 Gear- st.
MAN and wife want situations to work In pri-
vate place; woman a first-class cook and man
understands gardening and milking cows. 728
Chestnut st., Oakland.
GERMAN, speaking English, very handy with
tools, wishes work of any kind; city or coun-
try; best references; moderate wages. Box
3273, Call office.
JAPANESE first-class schoolboy wants posi-
tion to do housework and wait; has good ex-
perience. T. YAMANAKA, 410 Franklin St.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires work as Janitor
or porter; small wages; city reference. Ad-
dress box 3271, Call office.
GOOD gardener; can milk and make himself,
generally useful about place. Address box
3178, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class palrr.er
and wood-polisher. Address Palntor, box 5?72,
Call Office.
WANTED— Position as collector, cashier, etc.;
cash secQrity if desired. Box 3174, Call office.
GARDENER— Situation wanted; practical ex-
perience in vegetables, flowers, fruit, green-
houses; town or country; 16 years' best of ref-
erence; total abstainer; English; single; age
30. FREDERICK MUNNINGS, Chicago Park,
Nevada County, Cal.
YOUNG man, graduate of the horse-tralnlng
school in Milan, Italy, wishes a position
training fine saddle and buggy horses for pri-
vate use. Address box 3259, Call office.
WANTED by young man, German, kitchen
work, assist In cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work; city or country. Address H.
VIETITZ. 136 Sixth St.. room 7.
YOUNG married man wishes to loan employer
$150 to secure him a good position; city or
country. 102 Austin avenue.
STRONG young man, handy with tools, wishes
a position in machine shop. Address HENRY
FORBES, 304 Van Ness aye.
REFINED European gentleman who speaks
and writes English. French, Spanish and
Italian, knowing practice on business, wishes
position as correspondent, private family's
secretary, first-class hotel's interpreter or
manager biff store's floor manager, etc.;
certificates and references given. Address
MENOIDES. box 3249, Call office.
YOUNG man. willing to do any kind of work;
good city reference. Box 3123, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MAN and wife wish positions in country; wife
to do housework and man any kind ol' work;
good references; wages $40. Apply 427 Twenty-
ninth st., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
WANTED— Position as lunch counter waiter or
dishwasher, or any laboring work; well used
to horses. 246 Sixth St., room 2k
YOUNG Irishman of steady habits wants posi-
tion of any kind; good milker and can take
care of horses. 1208 William st.
SITUATION wantr by a steady and sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; references;
city or country; moderate wages. Box 3253,
Call office.
MAN and wife want situations to take care of
house; city or country. Box 3148. Call office.
WELL educated businesslike young; man of
pleasant address, good talker, knowing
French, English and Russian, desires posi-
tion; best of city references. Box 3222. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 25c to $1 BO night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient -nd respectable; tie* 'bus
and triKKage to and from fer y.
FEMALE KELP WASTED.
CHAMBERMAID and plain wash, hotel, short
distance from city, $20. MURRAY & READY,
634-036 Clay st.
ACTIVE woman to wash dishes, etc., In an
Institution $17 60. MURRAY & READY. 634-
636 Clay st.
WOMAN with a child on ranch near city, $10;
chambermaid and waitress, same country
hotel, $2rt t>aeh: waitresses,- etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SECOND girl across the bay. $20 (see lady
here at 12:30 to-day): 4 cook.", $25; 3 nurses and
second girls, $20 "and $25: cook, email hotel,
$25; 4 waitresses, $20, $5 and $6 week; girl for
housework a short distance, $25; and a large
number of girls for housework. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— German or French cook, $30 to $35;
French ironer and presser for dyeing estab-
lishment, $10 a week; French cashier for res-
taurant, $30; laundress, city, $25; 2 French
maids, $25; nurseglrls, $10 and $12; grlrla for
housework and assist. LEON ANDRE, 816
Stockton st.
HELP WAX. _«— Continued.
COLORED housework French"gov^
erness, $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL; light work; no cooking; $12. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH maid and travel, $30 per month; 2
German maids, }30 each; 2 second girls, $12
and $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT Catholic girl; $12 per month. MISS
LL'LLEN, 325 Sutter St.
2 LAUNDRESSES, $25 and $30; 2 second girls,
$25 and $20; 3 nurses, $20 and $15. MISS CUL-
-LEN, 225 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER; hospital; tZO. MISS! CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NTJRSE; $20 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
* GERMAN second girls. $20 and $25; French
second girl. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
COLORED maid, $25. MISsUuLLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
LADY, cleaning and dyeing house, $10 per
week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15. MISS CULLEnT
325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, country, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25; waitress, $26. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, 2 in family, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; country; $10; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, Alameda, $25, two In family (see
party here): 3 house girls, Alameda, $20
each; house girl. Belvedere, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 323 Sutter.
NURSE girl, $20; second girl, $20, two in fam-
ily; second girl, $25; a number of second
_glrls at $15. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
GKRMAN house girl, two in family, $20; Ger-
man house girl, 3 in family, no washing, $25;
young German girl, 2 in family, $15; German
girl to assist, $10, no cooking; housekeeper,
$15; chambermaid, $15; waitress, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter.
25 HOUSE girls, city, at $20 each; 10 good
cooks at $25 each; 6 Irish house glrVs. $25 to
$30; middle-aged woman, $20; cook and house
girl for San Mateo, $25 (see party here), and
•a number of young girls, $10 to $12. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter.
2 WAITRESSES, Santa Cruz, $20; 3 waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; chambermaid
and wait, $20; 2 waitresses, $20; 3 waitresses,
$15 to $18; waitress, Reno, fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN. 104 Geary.
YOUNG Eastern woman to cook in small
country hotel (call early), $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WOMAN to work in dye house, country (call
early), $10 week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary.
GERMAN cook, San Lorenzo, $20; German
cook, Alameda, $20; girl, Burllngame (see
party here), $26; girl, Dacota, $15; girl, San
Leandro, $20; girl, San Mateo, $25 (see party
here 9 a. m.); 10 house girls, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— Cook for lunchhouse In country,
good steady pla< c, $4a and found; waiter,
country hotel, fare advanced, $20; farmers,
milkeis; in coal miners; in Italian laborers
for mine; blacksmith for shop near city, $40
and found, and others. W. D. EWER _ CO.,
626 Clay st.
A— Business positions for 2 enterprising busi-
ness ladies; $10 weekly each. 313 Bush st.
LADY accountant and office matron; $10 to
$15 weekly; permanent. 313 Bush st.
YOUNG lady cashier and correspondent; select
and refined business. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADY, sodawater counter; 3 salesla-
dies, millinery; office clerk. 313 Bush st.
PASTRY cook, city family hotel, $35: house-
Cleaner for institution, $17 50. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply at 523 Market st., room
7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse; city refer-
ences required. 1506 Washington st., be-
tween 10 and 12.
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on custom
coats; also girls to learn; pay while learn-
ing. 291 Natoma St., near Fourth.
YOUNG German girl to assist in light house-
work and take care of children. Apply at
107 Germania st.
EXPERIENCED lady bookkeeper for dry
goods store; references required. Box 3276,
Call office.
GIRLS to trim plain sailor hats: also appren-
tice. ATLANTIC STRAW WORKS, 104 Fifth.
GOOD saleslady at E. MESSAGER'S cloak
store, 145 Post st. ; city references required.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
good home. 377 Shotwell St.
GIRL for general housework; wages $10 to $12.
Apply at 2422 V& Bush st.
EXPERIENCED hands on vests; also appren-
tice. 641\s Stevenson st.
WANTED — An operator on vests. 935 Market
St., room 14.
GIRL for light housework; small family;
wages $12. 3816 Laguna st.
GOOD cook; small wash; small family; 9 a. m.
612 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker. 483 Jessie St.;
call bet. 8 and 10.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. 604 Jes-
sie st., corner Seventh.
YOUNG girl to do general housework; Ger-
man preferred. 115 Oak St.; bakery.
WANTED— Elderly lady to do light work. Ap-
ply MRS. MOORE, 925% Natoma St., rear.
WANTED— 2S girls to fill various situations In
small American families. 631 Larkin st. m
/ANTED— First-class sewers. Apply at 338
Fell St. H. FRIEDLANDER.
GIRL over 20; light housework; family of S.
1514 Vallejo st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework;
$S; call after 3 p. m. 708 Capp st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 417
Fair Oaks st. •
APPRENTICE girl wanted on pants. 409
Fifth at.
MILLINERY apprentice; good chance to learn
trade. 1717 Sutter St., near Laguna.
FINISHER on custom pants. CHARLES
COOPER, 622 Clay st., room 11.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
MlLLlNERY— Salesladies and makers wanted.
MRS. E. LYNCH, 1003 Market St.
DrTwiSE. the ladles' specialist, 1020 Market
Bt. ; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
WOMAN between 25 and 35 for light house-
work and companion; a good home and fair
pay for right party. Call after 10 a. m. at
116 Taylor st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; cook and house-
work; references. 234 Page st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor suits at
ALBERT MUELLER'S, 131 Post st.
WANTED — Girl 'for cooking and housework;
small family; references. 2008 Pierce st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on fine coats.
411% Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to work at dressmaking; also an
apprentice. Apply 2503 Sutter.
STRONG girl for general housework. Apply
203 Valencia, after 9 a. m.
NEAT woman; can cook well and assist with
child; $20. 2713 Buchanan st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. HcDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttins School. 1079 Market
et.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The > — a.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
A— SPECIAL NOTICE 96
Men were given positions yesterday.
— -564 positions tj give away
to-day. Come to us
And we will give you work. 10 laborers to
irrigate land; 355 woodchoppers for different
places in California. $1 to $1 50 cord; 365 tie-
makers for different places in California, Be,
9c and 10c each, virein timber; 26 scraper
teamsters, $20 and found; 10 farm, orchard
and vineyard hands, $25. $20 and $15; 4 milk-
ers, $25 and $20: 3 choremen, $S and $10; 6
laborers, city job, $1 75 day: 15 laborers to
the great gold mines, $1 75 day; 5 drifters,
$2 day; S6 oval miners, $3 50 to $4 day; sailor
for a gentleman's yacht, $20 and found; and
other places: our office is a beehive of work.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.,
Leading Employment Agents.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP 1
You paid in salary to help sent from oar of-
fices during 1597 monthly $660*,000; grand total
yearly, $7,920,000. That's business, is it not?
Keep up the good work
Send us your or your friends' orders for
help. We will supply same free of charge.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.; telephone Main 5848.
iTMACHINISTs7~eHy shops: 2 blacksmiths^
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St., Lead-
ing Employment Agents.
8 COOKS 7 Waiters
5 dishwashers 3 laundrymen
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
GERMAN gardener, country, $25; ship calk-
ers and ship carpenters; ranch cook, $20; 6
men for haying, $20; pantryman, $20; waiter,
$20 and room; cook, small place, $20: cook
hotel. $35. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay.
DISHWASHER, $12 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter at.
HELP VAMFD-ronflnn^d.
HEAD and second cook and dishwasher for
Nevada; fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN tc
CO.^_lo4 Geary st.
TOUNG man as porter for a drugstore; $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
HEAD cook, $65; confectioner, $40 and found;
young man to carry off dishes, $20; vegetaDle
man, $25: German dishwasher, $18; waiter,
40; waiter, country hotel, $25; cook, 410 a
week; porter, country hotel, $20; 3 bellboys,
$18 and $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
6 MORE colored waiters, hotel. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BARBER for a large institution «- the country-
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
7 MORE woodchoppers '1 25 a cord; 10 tie-
makers, 10c a ile, long job; woodsmen, bark-
ers and edgermen. $35 and $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Andrew Brask and Fred Andersen,
the railroad foreman. Please write or call,
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 machinists, $3 and $4 day; 10
men to make railroad ties lie; coal miners
by contract or day; mechanical draughts-
man; biscuit and muffin cook. $40. and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class cyanide processor for
quartz mine, $126. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— waiter for restaurant, $40; waiter,
$30; young man to wash dishes and do gome
cooking, $25; dishwasher, $15; lroner, laun-
dry, country, $20 to $30, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton sl
$25 PER week; a reliable business associate
with small capital; permanent. 313 Bush st.
CROCKERY - STORE clerk; 2 experienced
china packers; driver; box-maker. 313 Bush.
EXPERIENCED stationery salesman; hotel
steward; baggage and cloak room clerk. 31S
■i-ush st.
NOW is the time to secure lucrative situations
with responsible houses. 313 Bush st.
BELL boy, city. $10. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st.
WANTED — A competent order clerk with long
experience tn city grocery business; good sal-
ary guaranteed to the right man; state refer-
ences and places of employment. Address
3181, Call office.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and bookkeeper
"combination man" ; lumber experience pre-
ferred, but not absolutely necessary; wages
$50 per month and increase; for country. Ad-
dress, with full particulars, box 3279, Call.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted; good
bushelman also wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. at
Stevenson-st. entrance to CHARLES LY-
ONS', 721 Market st.
WANTED— Man to take charge of 2 Gordon
and pony cylinder press: give refereaje and
expected. Box 3274, Call.
DRIVER for milk wagon with experience and
references. 1507 Broderlck St., near Sutter;
German preferred.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker for the countr.r. T.
BAT7MGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery St.
WANTED— A coat and vest maker. 3056
Twenty-fourth .st.
WANTED — Traveler for gent's furnishing
goods as side line. Box 3141, Call.
STRONG boy, with reference. CALIFORNIA
REXOVATORY. 116 Geary.
WANTED— Bushelman and coat maker. 392
Geary st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st .
COOK wanted at 763 Market st, Model Restau-
rant No. 2; basement; call early.
WANTED— Good cabin boy; short voyage. S2S
Spear St., near Harrison.
THIRD-HAND baker wanted. 40 San Pablo
avenue, Oakland.
BOY who lives in Mission to drive butcher
wagon. 2707 Howard st.
OLD man wanted to do chores. 30 Clara «t., at
11 o'clock to-morrow.
PRESSMEN on custom coats. 935 Market St.,
room 12.
BOY experienced In tailoring. Apply 26 Mont-
gomery st. ,
WANTED— Head waiter at German hotel. 560
Howard st.
PRESSMAN on custom coats. 291 Natoma »t.,
near Fourth.
BRIGHT, active boy. about 18, at Atlantic
Straw Works, in Fifth St.
BOY to learn printing. Apply at 519 Filbert
street.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
MX) MEN Immediately to work on the water;
good wages. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— A young man who has had some
experience at shirt cutting. Eagleson Co.,
533 Market st.
MAN who understands nursery work and gar-
dening. Call at 500 Haight st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 927 Market, room
509; call early.
GOOD coat maker, steady man, to work In
small city; piece work. Apply at 67 Rausch
st., bet. Seventh and Eighth. Call bet. 9 and
12 a. m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis st.. near Jackson; also
men for whaling and Alaska; no experience
required.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ,
630 Market st.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS', 721 Market St.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens -H tht
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 Inches and 6 feet in height
For further information apply at the r»-
cruitlng of flee, 20 Ellis st.,San Francisco. Cal.
FARMER in country on salary to obtain
poultry, egg shipments. Box 3299, Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, :35% Eighth St.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; t
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
600 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 36c. 969 Howard st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborer? and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 117 -hird tt. ; 150 l&rg-*
rooms; 26c per night: l\ to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Emplojrm't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant IM.
MARKET, 863H (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12% c, 15c to 25c per nlfrht: week. 75c, $1, 11 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union, free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 625.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third rt.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room •
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Hooms 25c to &
night; tl to $4 week: hot and cold bathi.
BINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. 7-lndell House. Sixth r.nd Howard »t».
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: M a week.
AGENTS "WANTED. >
AGENTS WANTED— Murat Halstead's Great
War Book. "Our Country in War" and our
relations with foreign nations. All about our
army, navy, coast defenses, the Maine dis-
aster. Spain, her army, navy and defenses.
All about Cuba, ' her relations to the United
States and, her defenses. All ; about the ar-
■ mies and navies of all other nations, and
how they will act in our fight with Spain.
Over GOO pages. Magnificent illustrations.
. photograps, etc. One - agent sold 89 in one
day; others are making $2 to $39 per day.
. Most liberal terms guaranteed, 20 days' cred-
it, price low, freight paid. Handsome out-
: fit free. Send 12 2-cent stamps to pay post-
age. National Educational Union. 324 Dear-
born st.. Chicago. ■■■-■■-■ .■.;■■■■.■ ______
- PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner in blacksmith shop; : good
ehoer; trial given; good business.; Apply San
Mateo Dairy, the other side of Ocean View.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mls-
•«lon gt.; tel. Mint 1821. : ■ ;
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1» Mont-
gomery «t. ; highest prices paid. Tel. PavU n.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Refined place for boy 4 1 years old
to board in San Jose or near . by. Box 32/7,
* Call Office.
'.- ; ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: ••cocvl-
hand. -t 109 Montgomery rt. ■■■>'•■ - -
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, ■liver.. e*Jt-_«
clothing bought, 7 Add. COLKMAN. 41 Third, j
PERSONALS.
workingman wishes to make acquaint-
ance of French widow; object matrimony.
Box 3275, Call office^
- ,pt w W WILDS— Your mother is very
°f?.t^o come homTATN. P., Stockton, CaT
■ Avn after this day I will not be respon-
O sibfe D or a any bills contracted by my wif..
- DELIA McADOO- MATTHEW McADOO.
. BISINKSS PERSONALS.
isir» viX'O Dr Terhune's infallible cure for
isssltsss
Mich. . : .
MASSAGE the head for a few minutes before
SSrVISS^oSi.- «f W fl cn cS |undaysVom B °,
to 5- G LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
11AG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille^wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
emmet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
raffs GEO MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A SUCCESSFUL treatment for wrinkles; trial
given; electricity given for .J*" I '}*** the
hair. Halrdressing Parlors. Stockton st.
WANTED— IOO persons to try the painless re-
moval of corns and bunions without the knife.
Call at room 584, Parrott building.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant
avenue. ■ n
DR. MAUDE INMAN, electric and medicate^
. vapor baths. 1055 Market, op. Jones, rs. 1 & 2.
; USE Lederer's Quinonia as a dairy wash toa
I the hair. G. LEDERER, 11 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st., Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week:
free bus and baggage to and friyn the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern Drices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
«15 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions anil "-ait ads taken. _
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dressea.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 88.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. »■--
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the "separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hour«
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular wit*
- special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, room*
25 and 26, 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth. •
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 833 Howard St.—
1 wonderful trance medium can be consulted
on all the affairs of life; can read your
■ thoughts; tell just what you want to know;
removes evil influence; locates burled treas-
ures; If in bad luck she, will change it for
you; letters promptly answered; enclose
stamp. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. . .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c.
gents sl; palm. and clalrv. ; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MISS ANNA SCHULTZ— Palmistry and card-
reading. 203 O'Farrell. room 10.
MME. SYBTLLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. Oil O'Farrell St.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, tard reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120 Vi Geary st.
GYPSY life reader gi'->s correct answers to
all questions: L., 25c; < .. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 2;'. c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession; never falls: advice: tielp. 929 Post.
Sl'Ht: . ! AM>>i.
MMX. YOUNG'S convincing: " test circle to-
; ■ night, !•••. 605 McAllister St.: fine music.-
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance, 8 p. • m. ; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.: old No. 218. _^^
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for j U3iness and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123H Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sitting*.
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve.. 8 p. m. : 25c.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
flium. 118 Haight.st.
HYPNOTISM-
CAL. Institute. 4C2# Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;.
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind . sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. 11. DAVIES, 39
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all time*
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home In confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 918 Post st., near Larkin.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 220 Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schtnck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled. 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill; low fees: pills, f2.
LADIES. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; taka
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mail; at
druggists Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
BURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never fails: consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DX.
POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office J5; consultation free; hour* 10 to 5.
PR AND MRS. KOHL. 111S Market St.
A BOON to wives and mothers-Seguro; pries
$1 50 RICHARDS & CO., 40G Clay st.; send
2o «tamD for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOP BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DRS~ ELY? late of Ohio, 71 Fourth st.— Ladies'
Eire cure; any, all: cure at office, $5; pllla. $1.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 39 years' experience. 254^ Fourth st.
DR HALL, 59 McAllister at.; diseases of wo-
men and children. . -.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, • typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; : electrical, civil and mining engineering -
surveying, assaying, . etc.; 20 teachers; 1108
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue. ■ . ..
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College etc •
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at •
individual instruction in shorthand tyDlne'
bookkeeping,- telegraphy, etc.; : life - scholar-
Bhlp, $50; low rates per, week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations- a
course in parr's counting-room makes 'you
■ thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
gCTswy by iady teaohe ™ 39 «
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical mini
ing. mech. survey, assay, archit ; day & e^e •
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILEN. 9tt Marklu
WEBSTER, 1107%-Piano- teacher; studied \A
Paris; terms reasonable; best references!
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate- French
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st!
K I MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until ♦»BU^INESJ CHANCES.
EXPRESSING and transfer business In ' -4
cities; good horses, wagons, etc.; established
many years; doing an excellent, steady busi-
ness; has hauling tor large wholesale houses;
offered at a low figure, as owner is engaged
in other business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$450— CORNER saloon In the busiest manufac-
turing district in the city: old established
place; positive value in sight; will clear $100
per month; living rooms; this is an excel-
lent chance for small Investment: worth $SOO
to any one. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— SALOON with 10 well furnished rooms,
near the ferry; old established; good busi-
ness; gelling on account of sickness; cheap
rent; easily worth double the price asked. M.
LESS. IK Market st.
$100— STATIONERY, news stand, restaurant,
etc.; living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer
point of city; must sell; given away. M.
LESS, 765 Market st. ' - - ' ■
$400— DELICACY Store; fine location; north of
Market; livine rooms; receipts $15 to $18
daily; greatest bargain in this line. M.
LESS. 765 Market. _____
$3200— THE best fitted up, and guaranteed to
clear $300 net per month, saloon close to Claus
Spreckels building; first-class custom; no bet-
ter business offer In the market; investigate
at once; this Is a chance of a lifetime.
WILKE, 783 Market St.
CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing
a good paying business; rare chance; fullest
investigation gh---. WILKE. 733 Market st.
$1250— OLD-ESTABLISHED tit ' in. close to
banks and leading hotels; average dally re-
ceipts $2.'; rent $50, lease; no night work;
actual value $2000; owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WILKE. 783 Market st.
BAKER, ATTENTION— maM A „
Baker] In Western Addition; price $900; 4 liv-
ing rooms; old established; a first-class bar-
gain. WILKE, "S3 Market st
$2iOO— CRACKER route; will pay $12". per
month; increasing trade; part cash, balance
by givlns satisfactory security. McLALUH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
GROCERY, French liquor store, north
Market: departure for Europe cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$iooo— CORNER grocery, with bar attached;
large trade; horses, wagons included; trial
given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$500— CORNER saloon, near Market St.; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale. Mc-
LAUQHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$450— Mi AT market; daily receipts $75; a snap
if taken at once. KREDO <_ CO.
A— s27s; cigar stand; best corner Kearny; fine
stock; clears $100. KREDO & CO.. 22& Geary.
A— s4so; saloon; side entrance; Market st. best
bar In city. KREDO & CO.. 2.\_ Geary St.
A—s2oo;A — $200; florist and seed business; best town
near city; clears $100. KREDO & CO., 2. 1
Geary st. :, •
$400— ONE of the best transfer corner saloons
in city; steady trade; large stock. Pacific
Exchange, 935 Market st.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; 6 private
rooms; choice location; steady day and night
trade: a splendid bargain. Apply PACIFIC
EXCHANGE. 995 Market.
DELICACIES and bakery, worth $1000 for. $176
Dry goods, stationery, bakery; cheap
Cigar stand, near Baldwin Hotel 425
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market j-t.
A— sBoo— CO grocery ana bar; without
doubt one of the best business corn-;r». ~
$200— Partner wanted in commission dull-
ness.
Saloon; old-established, good location,
and other bargains in saloons, bak>ri-?a and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 7" Market.
MEXICO.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc. : large and small tracts. For further in-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico. • , . ■
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished 18 years; $25 to $30 a week each; can
be doubled" In short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city: no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary st.,
room 2. ■ .. . ,
BARBER— A good 15c barber shop, running 2
chairs steady, for sale cheap: good location;
good trade; owner going to Alaska. For par-
ticulars inquire DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis st.
$150 invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your-
self. D.Sloane. 110 St. Paul st.. Baltlmore.Md.
A— s4oo CASH will purchase controlling Inter-
est in well-established cash business on Mar-
ket st; fully secured; weekly allowance $20.
Particulars 313 Bush st.
FOR Sale— At less than Invoice; cigar and va-
riety store; 3 nice rooms: low rent. 627 Sec-
ond St., opp. South Park. ' - -.
BKBX-A_*PO_KT_C_J rv-ftaurant In San Jose;
fine location; must be sold. Address S., care
of Call agency, San Jose.
GRUB stake for California by practical miner;
can make a fortune for both. Address A.,
box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
HALF or whole Interest In butcher shop; do-
Ing good cash business; centrally located;
well fitted up. D., box 2, Call Office. Oakland
FOR SALE— A good paying downtown saloon;
low rent; a bargain. Box 3278, Call Office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
ENGINEER wants to buy working interest In
pteam laundry. Address box 3182, Call office.
FOR sale — restaurant; near transfer line;
cheap. Inquire at 753 Market st., basement.
FOR sale — Bakery and notions; living rooms;
next to school. 375 Sanchez st.
PARTNER wanted in saloon, 33 Third street;
steady man required.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
Odd Fellows' Library, Seventh and Market
sts., for sale. This library is now offered for
sale by the board of trustees; It contains a
choice collection of all kinds of literary and
scientific works. The library is now open for
th.- sale and inspection of books from 9 a. m.
until 9 p. m.
RELIABLE business man connected with larg-
est house on Market st., offers for sale Inter-
est in his "system for playing the races"; in
successful use every day; immense returns;
small capital; references given and required;
price $100. Box 3158, Call office. ■
CHEAP saloon near the water front. Apply
WICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay st.
ASKHIM saloon Is now for sale; thirteen years :
established; proprietor going north; fine cot-
tage 4 rooms; hot and cold water; ground
lease 3 years and 6 months; come and 'see for
yourself; 17th and Folsom. WM. FOLEY.
FOR sale or exchange— Stock, fixtures and fur-
niture of notions, stationery and toy store;
good street: low rent; I have other business
and must sell. E. A. HARRIS, 411 Hayes st.
$75 BUYS dining-room; location first class;
business good. Inquire The Loriston Hotel,
C2l Bush st. .
MILLINERY store, centrally located; rare bar-
gain. Apply BUTLER-SCHULTZE CO.. 723
Market st. .
BARBER shop for sale near Nineteenth st.
Apply at call office.
SALOON if or pale account of sickness; call and
see owner. 22S Brannan. : ;- ; - . .■ • •
FOR sale at a bargain— The "Office Saloon,"
comer City Hall avenue and City Hall
square. Inquire at saloon.- CHAS. FOWLER.
ELEGANT grocery and bar; splendid opportu-
nity; good trade and stock; owner retiring on
account of 111 health. Investigate. 3251, Call.
FOR Family liquor store; good location;
thorough investigation. Cigar store, 842 Mar-
ket st.
SHOEMAKER'S shop; must sell account of
sickness. Apply C 32 Valencia St., in bakery.
MUST be sold; cigar and news stand; will
_stand Investigation. Apply 618 Hayes st.
CORNER saloon in manufacturing portion of
city. Inquire Albany Brewery.
TO Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established stand; rent reasonable. 2622 Mis-
sion St.
Coy-FFK and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
FOR al t~ lcecreain ' candy and notion store.
337 Sixth Ft.; no agents.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PATENTS-SMITH & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine st*. city.
CARPET- CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works- cleans
moves, lays carpets, G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..'
_88 and 40 Eight i St.; telephone South 250. "
WHEN you become disgusted with Door work
tend to BPAULDINGS Pi.meer Carpe*
beating Works, 353-57 Tchama st. ; tel. So 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new J
McQUEEN. 453 Stevenson st.; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter-
tel. Main 194. 080. WALCOM. Proprietor! '
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, rencvat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relaid at 3a.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E.*MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 24oT4th
et.; cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. ..Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.-. tel. East 126. -• ■;.„■■ ,
type win* Ens:
ALL typewriters sold and rented;. few partly
" used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
:.. ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
i CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, pU bers and
! pood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the . way up : work out $150
of their fare, via St. Mlcni'l. Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
! OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
| launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant «t«.
LODGirtv HOUSES FOU SALE.
w7N^T^rX^O^T646~MARKET STREET,
• RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, Butter st., offices, payments.... s4so
20 rooms, corner, new, part cash 1200
25 rooms, rent $75, new, part cash 800
24 rooms, rent $60, corner, offices 1200
■ M rooms, worth $4000. must go at 1500
28 rooms, -rent $'.', fine place, only 450
S3 rooms, rent $100, part cash ....1000
.34 rooms, corner, rent $125, make offer
"' must ' g0. . : ;. .' : . . . : ." ■
67 rooms, rent $220, elegant place 3000
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22*
Geary st. '
BO rooms.; rent $76; clears $150 $1200
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient.; '• 8000
17 rooms; first floor pays rent : 650
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
.10 rooms: , Larkln: . corner: snap 278
• 10 rooms; .'Ellis; new and good 325
. 7 rooms; 'Market; offices pay rent. 2UO
::. Hundreds of others at your own price. ■
A— s3oo; 9 rooms; transient; clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO.. 22^4 Geary.
60-ROOM house for ranch $3500
50 rooms; rent $125: sunny corner; owner
leaves for Alaska; 18 rooms clear $50... 700
10-room flat: sunny corner 22 r i
25- room house; sunny corner 1000
22-room house; fine corner .• 1050
29-room house; clears $150; must 5e11.... 1200
29 rooms; near Palace Hotel; rent $65 1800
10-room house: new and good; Kills St.. !v><)
60 rooms; rent $65: clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
LODGING house of 16 rooms, well furnished
and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MUST be sold Immediately; 27-room good room-
ing-house; bargain. Inquire at 112 Taylor st.
HOTEL of 24 furnished rooms; good place; no
agents. Apply Call office.
FOR Sale— 23 rooms, well furnished; steady
( roomers; rent reasonable. 110 Hyde st.
i ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MUSICAL INSTIUJJIENTS.
i AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
. payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter '
j Ftp.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
! ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organ*
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented. $3 per month. Repairing i
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled in San Francisco. .. • % •
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st. |
ONE Newhall piano.....'. . $55
I One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80 1
. Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'FarreU.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chlckering
for $90; examine our list of bargains this
week. THE F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Mar-
ket st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy. Newby, Evans.
Brlggs and other planes; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 303. 310. 312 Post st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; ail unpre-
j cedented success. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
$75— BARGAIN; good Fisher piano. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price: $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post. 1
KNARE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OTarrell st.
SUPERIOR -violins, zithers, old and new. H. ,
MULLER. ■ maker, repairer. 2 Latham : place.
. HORSE?.
! BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold !
; or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
j sell. At Emporium, 220 Valencia st. , i
i JUST arrived— 6o horses, mules, burros. 721 j
Howard st.; auction every Tuesday.
40 HORSES for sale: also wngonii. buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. $27 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ■* DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCEI v\EOUS.
FOR rale cheap to close out r;.nnant of an es-
tate— fine heavy team horses and 3 2-horse
lumber wagons and 3 Bets double work har-
ness. G. W. FISHER, First and Broadway,
Oakland. •
$55— Upright piano; good condition; $5 down, $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO.. 225 Sutter.
GAS fixture* -very- low;. large, assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
i RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap. 1 laree vault in Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3163. Call office. .- . ....---
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 627
Mission st. * ■ :" ' . -
20-MILE ' power field and ' marine glass for
SI"; cost $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
INCUBATOR. cheap; fine 500-egg machine; good
ac new. 1308 Wood St., Oakland.
BOlLERS, 'engines,. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale St.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 654 Mission st
BARS, back barn, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new. and sec-
. . ond-hand. -. *J. <■■ NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
'. Mission St., above Sixth. . .
FOR SALE— pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS. &
TOEPKE, Architects. 55 Flood building. ;
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
(building material.. 1124 Mission; Tel. So- 787.
SAFES— and -second-hand; cheaper than
ever. . Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records. $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, soale. hand-truck, letter-press,
■desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters. ; shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FURNITCKE E^OU SALE.
WHOLE household of 5 rooms; parlor, bed-
J room and extra bedroom set, dining set;
kitchen furniture all good; reasonable. 404
. Waller st. ; call 9to 6.
WALNUT bedroom set, almost new; marble
top: going away. 306 Greenwich st. ■
. " DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten yeais;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
■ our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all
work -painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 60c;
: teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold •fillings, $1 up:
silver, 60c up; artificial teeth ; repaired, .$1
up; our crown and bridge work Is the best;
hours. " 9 a. :m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 9■to ■ 1.
909 ■Mission, cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR.~LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market at. nr. 11th;
. no charge for . extracting - when plates art
made; old plates made; over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; ertracting 60c; gas given. |
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist. discoverer of, painless extraction and
patentee of ■ Improved bridge work or teeth
< without plate, moved from 6to 20 O'Farrell. ■
VAN .VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full set
» of teeth, $5 up; .fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
. Ings. : 997 Market St., corner Sixth." -
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market St., Acad-
emy of Sciences building, fifth floor; painless
dentistry..; .'.■■■■:.-■-.■. --.:-: •'...■.:•■. . :'. ;
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and ' F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, ■ rms. 603-607.
ALL' work reasonable : and warranted. , DR. J.
.W. KEY, 1320 Market st. .:,.;/' ...:.' .^ <■
BET of teeth without a plate. '. DR. H. C. <
; YOUNG. 1841 Polk ■».-;;••..;-:■:; ; .-> - - v .r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
HOUSES ,TO LET. .
ALL OVER TOWN ~>^-r^-u-^
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
■ HO WELL. 10 Montgomery. •';' -
HOUSE. 7 rooms, bath; large yard; cellar.
2407 Clay St., near Webster.
LAGUNA, — House of 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
TURK, 733— House of 7 rooms; all modern im-
provements. . • . • ■
I'Ca.MSHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house in Berkeley to man . and
wife; nominal ■ rent for eight months; near
station. Apply l_imediatel- 2163 Dwight
way, Berkeley.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. ' Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero st. ' : ...
GOLDEN GATE, 1617— A handsome middle flat;
every convenience; piano; garden. '
SUTTER, . 717, near Taylor— Choice ; elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please Investi-
gate: or furniture for sale cheap: optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage, nearly new, 4
rooms; water free. 11l Collins St., near Geary.
$12: cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 134x114. 1188
Noe st. ■ : ___^
$7 -SUNNY bay-window cottage 6 rooms near
34th and Mission, 64 Silver at, off Third.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT, 375 Shotwell st.— Sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath, with stable; rent reasonable^
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, very cheap; on
sunny side; 122' i San Jose aye., bet. 23d and
24th sts. Apply 1518% Market st. .-
FLAT to let— 4 rooms and bath; 331 Linden
! aye. Key at 310 Fell st. '
HAIGHT, 1021, above Broderick, near Park-
Sunny 5- room flat; fine view. '
NEW modern sunny flat, ( rooms, bath; 18
Seymour aye., bet. Scott and Devlsadero sts.,
off Golden Gate aye. ; $27. ••
NINETEENTH, "aS4, near Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 699 Noe. corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms," modern, $16; 47 Pond,
oft Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
6 rooms, modern, $15, water free. ,
PINE, 1228, near Hyde— A sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath; rent $20.
POST, 1304, near Van Ness aye.— 6 rooms
and bath; sunny; fine* location; rent reason-
able. ■ . -
RARELY beautiful; northwest corner Sutter
and Scott sts.; 6 big rooms, $25. Key at 2300
Sutter st.
REAR flats of 4 and 6 rooms, 820V4 Larkln st.
$11 and $14; newly painted and papered. Ap-
ply L. C. BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 if you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. .
j SEE those beautiful flats in warm belt of
Mission; newly tinted and painted through-
out; 6 rooms, bath and latest improvements;
1002 and 1004 Dolores St., cor. Twenty-third;
rent cheapest in city; upper reduced from $25
to $20 and lower reduced from $22 50 to $1S:
now open for inspection. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
TO Let— s rooms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st., near Stanyan.
UPPER flat of 3 rooms. 322 Twelfth st.
' WANTED Good tenant for elegant upper flat;
] 6 rooms, bath, etc. :2i*' 3 Turk st.
I $14— COZY ■ sunny lower flat, 4 rooms, ■ bath,
yard. 6 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
FURNISHED FLATS.
JESSIE, 641, near Seventh— furnished
upper flat; 3 rooms, bath; very reasonable.
MISSION, 2706 A —Elegantly furnished sunny,
. new flat: 6 rooms and bath; references.
PART of furnished flat: lady would board with
' family. M. L., box 3143. Call office.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CENTRAL House, 62 Second— Light housekpg,
single and double rooms, $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY, 917 — Sunny, nicely furnished large con-
necting housekeeping rooms; splendid loca-
tion. - ••
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
' Subscriptions' and ads taken.
ELLIS, 563, rear— 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $10.
FIFTH, 314 — sunny front connecting houee-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH.32S— 3 furnished, $13; 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath, for housekeeping, $22; also single, $5.
FIFTH. 42SV -2 sunny rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; water In kitchen.
FOLSOM, — Large front bay-window room;
housekeeping; every convenience.
FOLSOM, 15S1— Basement: 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent $7.
! GOLDEN GATE. BiO— B sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per mo.
GROVE, 354, 3 blocks from City Hall— 3 con-
necting rooms, furnished for housekeeping;
2 double beds, gas and bath; private resi-
dence; $16.
HICKORY aye., 151. near Gough— 2 large
furnished housekpg rooms; every convenience.
HOWARD, 511— Two or three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished back parlor;
private bath; piano; garden; private family;
housekeeping privileges. ,
JESSIE— 373, near Fifth and Market—
keeping; $8: single, $5.
KEARNY, 104—3 unfurnished rooms and bath; j
. references exchanged.
LARKIN, . 326—3 elegant sunny housekeeping
apartments; exclusive kitchen; central; bath.
MINNA, 725 — 3 nice rooms in front; big yard;
rent $8.
MISSION, Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye.
NATOMA, 608— Three furnished housekeeping
rooms; complete; cheap.
OAK, 119— 2 nicely furnished rooms for heavy
housekeeping; very cheap.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Bay-window, with
mantel, kitchen, gas stove, complete;. $14.
RUSS, 116, near Sixth— Double parlors | and !
kitchen; unfurnished or partly furnished.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 4 furnished housekeep-
Ing rooms, $7 to $12; 2 or 4 unfurnished. $5. $8.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping, $10 a month.
THIRD, 304— Furnished. $2 per week up; sin-
gle rooms, $1 25. up; brick building.
TURK, 4UA— rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; kitchen; complete; rent reasonable, j
TWELFTH, 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
■ plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
TWELFTH, 230 C— nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; refined family.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly furnished sunny
basement of 3 rooms and bath; complete;
' reasonable.
VAN NESS, Sunny front suite; 3 rooms
and kitchen: gas; range: all complete.
OAKLAND HOI7SKKEKPING KOOMS.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; also
double; close to station. . 821 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET, ~
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable-
Corn. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49. i
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st. -Pleasant I
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 522 Polk— Furnished and unfurnished jur.ny
suites and single, complete for housekeeping.
AT ; the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or . mo.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished; faml-
lles and gentlemen; references given.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant single rooms, bath, run-
ning water; grounds; references.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDINBURGH, . 239 Powell— New house, new
„ furniture; elegant rooms, on suite, single. i
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $;'. 50. . ... .-
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1: week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call
.Subscriptions and ads taken. ■;
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 weak.
FIFTH, Pleasant 7 • sunny unfurnished
. rooms to let. .: ; ; ■■•:. . . ;.
FOLSOM, Sunny - bay-window f furnished
room for 2; gas, bath, use of stove. ',; .:. ■,
FOR single business men, In very quiet house
with or without breakfast; California, Hyd«
and Polk;, references. Box 3220, Call office. ;
FULTON, . 3— Nice ■ sunny.' rooms to I let," ' day
, week or month. . ■: •■■-'„ ,; ; ■; .:/..- ■-; :. -.. ■ .
FULTON, 118— Sunny furnished ' single rooms;
also rooms, ; unfurnished, • for housekeeping. ■«
GEARY, 518- Largo sunny bay-window rooms-
. suites and single; .' light - housekeeping. • ; > • - •
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GOLDEN GATE, Nice light bedroom and
bath, $5..' . •'■■ ";".- ■ ■•. ' ' . ■■;■-■-•■ -
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: select family
rooming house ; $1 60 to $6 .per week. - -.-"-. — '
HAVES. 738—2 or 3 modern .sunny , rooms:
housekeeping if desired ; select ■ neighborhood.
HOWARD, 715. ST. .■ DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
euitec; single: sunny reading room; 25c up.
KEARNY. 32-1 — Sunny furnished room for 1
gentleman; private fam; $5. Inquire shoestore.
MARKET, 1055, opp. Jones— Large sunny front
■ room, furnished or unfurnished; also office.
MASON, 225— Newly furnished sunny bay-
window rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER, S3s— Back parlor; sunny; suit- :
able for 1 or 2 gentlement; reference. ■;
MCALLISTER. 122 C —2 sunny furnished rooms
with or without board.
MCALLISTER, 122?— Parlor suite In modern
flat, with board; for 2, $10 a week; single, $5.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
. bay-window room. $1 a week. 
MISSION. 2015, near Sixteenth— sunny front
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen, with or without
b~trd., . ■>...-
MONEY :on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. .
NATOMA. 282. near Fourth— unfurnished
rooms with water and yard.
O'FARRELL. 203, corner Powell— Nice suite;
also single rooms, by day or month. ■ , '.-.
O'FARRELL; 408&— large room; furnished
for 2; with use of bath; $10; upper fiat. •■:.■
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny' ' bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms, $8 and $10. ■;•_•"
POLK, -Furnished front room, large, sunny;
and large front hall room, sunny, with large
closet; reasonable; also housekeeping.- v
POLK. 1133— Sunny rooms; also corner front
room furnished or partly furnished. . ■ ■ -
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect.
POST • 910 — Sunny room for gentleman; run-
ning water; closets; upper flat. ;
SEVENTH, 142 (Girard House)— Sunny suites
and single rooms at lowest rates.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms, $6 month' up.
TENTH. Nicely furnished large . sunny
rooms: also nice < housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON. 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let. •'■■■ -
STOCKTON, 242— Nice sunny rooms, facing
plaza: suites, single; baths; by day or mo.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. .
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
GALINDO HOTEL, OAKLAND— . : :
Up to the times; large sunny suites from $12;
single rooms from $6; board optional; handy
'to all trains. ■ i ...:. -   .
ELLIS. 577— Nicely furnished suite, suitable for
2 or 3. with board: also single room.
FOIiSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. .
FULTON, 833 (The Mlzpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table;, terms reasonable. ■
HYDE. Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
.HYDE, 408— Double and single „ rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up. ' .'. '
LELANO Hall. Palo Alto, box 115— Handsome
flat and single rooms, with or without board;
pleasant surroundings: terms reasonable.
MARKET. 1820 (Hotel ' Las Palmas)— Large
handsome suites: private ,bath and dining-
room connecting; board optional; also single.
BOOTH PARK. 159— Good . table board. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
BUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms: flrst-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., SOS — Beautiful' sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
BEST o* care for girl under 3: German family,
near San Rafael. Address box 3179. Call, j
CHILD to board. $10 a month; Western Addi-
tion. Box 3270. Call. .
REFINED home for child over 8 years; sunny
. yard. $10 per mo. Box 3256. Call office. .
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care; references. 234H Sixth st.
~ STORE* TO LET.
COR. store, 4 rooms,' $14: stable If required. SSSI
Twenty-fourth st: 22d-st. cars pass.
SIXTH. 638— Store, 3 rooms, large yard; rear
entrance; rent $11. ■ ■' :'
OFFICES TO LET.
FLOOR suitable for offices or otherwise. 475
Geary st
feONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6H per ' cent on real estate;
2d and ,3d mortgages, estates, real estate In
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room S.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land .or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount ■ on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to oh-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI, 130 Powell st.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls.; low Interest Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 41?, Montgomery st.
CITY and country:. any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture: no " removal: lowest
rates; no com. private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch <• office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000 PRIVATE loan wanted; reasonable rate
on Income business property. Box 3263, Call.
•■■<••■ ' FINANCIAL.
LOANS on 'real estate, ' bonds, etc.; lowest
rotes. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
' PAWNBROKERS. *
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Office of the Registrar of Voters.
City Hall. -• ■ ' •- ..
Sealed bids will be received by the Board of
Election Commissioners •In open session :on
Saturday, April 16, 1898, at 10 o'clock a. m., as
follows: . ■ . , -
First— For repairing and setting up ! election
houses in ■ such special • election precincts as
may be designated by the Registrar of Voters,
and repairing' and setting up within the same
the compartments,, stands and tables, . and for
taking down all the election houses erected and
storing them, together with compartments,
stands and tables, In the city warehouse, near
Fourth and Hooper streets. . . ; "
Second— furnishing polling places with
chairs, lamps and oil. • .;_• ■'.■.-.-■■
Third— For printing and . furnishing twenty-
five thousand (25.000) . maps, lithographed, for
the : eighteen assembly districts. , "
All work to be done In conformity ;■ to : the
specifications, and subject 'to the conditions
Imposed by section No. 3245 of the Political
Code.- . i . . " - ■■■"■■ .-.■■..
"Plans and specifications and penalties to be
Imposed for any violation of the same are now
on file at the office of the Registrar of Voters.
■■■ .;■■... :.:■■■-■■.: :-■ •.■■-"■-.•■: W. J. BIGGY, :■•>';•«;
Registrar of Voters, City and County of San
Francisco.' :..*.-': '-."'■■ :• -■.'■. - .'.. .:.-. ';■•..-
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Office
Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal., April
12, IS9B.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Benlcia Bar-
racks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Francisco
and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11 o'clock
a. m., May 12, lS'.'S, .and then opened, for fur-
nishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton in bulk
required at those posts by the Subsistence De-
partment, United States Army, during period
commencing July I, and ending December 31,
IS9B. Fresh beef shall be good in quality and
condition fit for Immediate use, and from fore
and hind-quarter meats proportionally, includ-
irtg all the best cuts thereof. Fresh mutton
shall be of good, fat and marketable quality,
from wethers over one and under three years
old. Beef and mutton to be dressed and
trimmed and delivered as prescribed in circular
of instructions. Proposals will be also received
stating price at which bidder will deliver fresh
beef or mutton of character above stated, and
to be delivered of temperature not greater than
50 degrees Fahrenheit. Government reserves
right to reject In whole or in part any or all
bids. Instructions furnished on application to
Post Commissaries or CHARLES P. EAGAN,
Colonel. Chief Commissary.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PROBATE - SALE. • , '
— Offer wanted; must be sold; corner of
Hayes and' Clayton sts.; 25x106:3; very close
to Park Panhandle. \
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
... ■ -10 Montgomery street.
MUST BE SOLD. •
■■4 •■- OWNER GOING EAST. ■
$1000— Offer wanted; Second aye., bet. Clem-
. ent and California . ats. .'
BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery street.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME. '
• LARGE LOT. ; '' : '^ ' ; •
$2800— lots, each 2!)Xl00. and good new
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; stable for 2
horses; X St., near Ninth aye.; splendid view
of Park and the Golden Gate. ■"•■■■'■•:
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. ' '■".■' 10 Montgomery street.
DOLORES STREET RESIDENCE. \:
$800 cash, balance monthly installments;
handsome new house; contains 7 rooms and
bath; every convenience; extra large corner
lot; plenty of room for store and flats; corner.
BALDWIN & HO WELL, ■
■ • "' ■ • 10 Montgomery street.
ONLY $750! ONLY $750! . •
Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; Holly
Park; not far from the Mission street cars.
Think of it! $760 for house and lot! Why pay
rent? • BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
U. S. BONDS ;•■ ~ '
PAY 3 OR 4 PER CENT.
The following properties pay from 6 to 12
per cent net, and the prices asked are so low
that the principal is safe: -, ■ -
PAYS NEARLY 8 PER CENT. ™~
$29,000— May be less; handsome new 4-story
and . basement building; store and lodging
house above; only a few minutes' walk from
Market and Powell sts. ■ -
:■:,»•■■ BALDWIN & HOWELL,
■' ' . 10 Montgomery street.
RENT S 63 50; all rented; we collect the
rents and know that. they are accurate; good
improvements; large lot; not far : from the
corner of California and Mason sts. Call
at once for particulars.
$7000— $810 per annum; new, handsome
flats on best portion of Hayes at. short walk
from Market; large lot. -
$7250 — Rent $750 per annum, which la a very
low rental; -handsome new flats of 6 and' 7
rooms, etc.; Butter st., sunny side, not. far
from Buchanan at. ; a splendid opportunity
for some one. ■••'■ - ■' : ■
McAllister St., near Franklin; 3-
story building, containing stores and flats
above; rents $106; extra large lot. '
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
A SNAP. ~ ~~ ~~
$75C0 A great bargain; splendid business
corner in the best part of the Mission; lov
30x90; improvements consist of store- and 4
rooms in rear thereof; flat above of 7 rooms:
also 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath; all
Improvements in splendid condition; rents $63.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, t
10 Montgomery street.
HAVES STREET COTTAGE. ~~ ~™
— Hayes St., near Laguna; nice cottage
6 rooms and bath ; lot worth the money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ,
SECURE A HOME.
Positively i Best Bargains! Easiest ■ Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
• - SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400. $450 to $800; i choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $26 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage In
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
___^ SOL QETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
: . SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
. Room A, , Crocker building. ,
$300— SACRIFICED for $100 cash on each lot; 18
level lots ready for building In the heart of
Ocean View, within 5 minutes' walk of cars;
Spring Valley water through the lots, which
run from street to street, and all lay in one
plat; fare to all parts of the city sc; lots 25x
125 each; will sell the whole plat or In sepa-
rate lots to suit. THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa
St.. Ocean View.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The best-situated spot In the city for
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts. ; only 4 out of 28 houses re- I
maining unsold; 1 large 6-room house, $3600, |
. highly -decorated, . street accepted; 1 £-room
cottage, $2800; 1 6-room cottage. $2400. and 1
4-room cottage, $2250. ■ F. NELSON, owner
and builder.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris, 'Phone Brown 323.
ONLY $13 60 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage: good neighborhood; 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
$650 AND up will build 4-room cottages: will
call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder, 521 X
, st., Sunset District.
FOR Sale— 7-room house, barn 'and lot. In-
quire 510 San Jose aye. _^
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
1 IN CAPAY VALLEY -
IN CAPAY VALLEY
IN CAPAY < VALLEY — — —
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Capay Valley, in Yolo County, lies north
of the famous Vaca Valley, and possesses the
same characteristics of that great fruit sec-
tion. We offer in this valle** ■ and vicinity
lands belonging to. the Bank of Woodland at
less than the foreclosure price; prices range
from $2 23 an acre for grazing land to $40 an
acre for the best fruit land.
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE
— DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE —
Call or send for the catalogue and price list
of these lands. »■•■• - . .
— MeAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
PASTURE lands for sale or rent; reclaimed
and unreclaimed: rent 10c per acre and up-
ward; for sale, $2 and acre and upward. Me-
-AFBE Bros., 10S Montgomery St., S. «F.
IN mining district, near Grass Valley, -an • Im-
■ proved fruit and stock ranch: l'2o acres; only
$5000. MeAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St.,
'S. F -■ , .■•■,■■ ■■-■•;■■ ■ -. . ,
PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR
A splendid investment; finely improved ranch
property in Alameda County; price $150,000,
..-.-■.- MeAFEE BROTHERS.
IN SUBDIVISIONS! IN SUBDIVISIONS!
At Assessed Value!, At : Assessed Value!
A grand opportunity; 5000 acres of the es-
tate of Sarah Blake, deceased, lying on the
Merced River, for sale as above; the land Is
well adapted for grain, fruit, vegetables 1 and
• alfalfa; in plats of 35 acres and upward, at
prices of from $3 to $20 per acre. Send for
descriptive map. McAFEE BROTHERS.
. ." 103 Montgomery St., San Francisco, . Cal.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. .': ■'
COUNTRY home to let In Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University ' and Mountain View; 1
- mile from May field: house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenart. Apply C.
,8. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts.. 630 Market.
TEH AM A County, 80 acres partly. fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant. "
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. .GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
;-;- ! : ' \- LOST. ' ' ' ■:;.-' ,
Pass-book • with the I Hiberala Savings
and : Loan Society of San Francisco, :in the
name of FANNIE B. WHITE. No. 186,975.
The finder will -lease return to bank.
Stickpin; ' ruby and diamonds. Finder
.return to 1001 Bush st. ; reward. '
LOST— Small watch charm filled with quartz;
valuable as keepsake. Suitable reward if
returned' to 212 East Ft. ' . ■ ■■ ...
PLAIN " gold - ring : with diamond set; . reward.
\ r«?6 Sixteenth st. ■: > -• ...
CASH given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' IB Grant aye. «
STORAGE.
FT^R~lcTwesT^ra^^o^o"X6TjlS^r7?EU^LX^
121 Sixth at., open evenings. , : -
AT ' low ' • Furniture, carpets, piano*,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
': advances made. J. NOON AN. ■ 1017 to 1023
1 1 Mission : St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. - F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
SEWING MACHINES. ;'
ALL • kinds ' bought, sold, > exchanged, ' rented;
': repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. . :
$2 MONTHLY— repaired,; bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.: phone Mint 45.
.... ,',.' ATTORNEYS ; '; AT LAW] .•. '
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
•W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ;
*.'■ •';■■■;•: PHYSICIANS. ■ ; ; -; : ■; ' .
' DR. ' C. C. O' DO. . NELL, r office and residence,
v 1206 Market; diseases of women : a specialty.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. :
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
" OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$75 LOT, worth : $150. in the Allerdale Settle-
; ment. East Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly;
. build your own home or we will build It for
• you; payment as rent; all streets graded,
.some macadamized; 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; call or send for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland:
,' carrlge free. : H. 2. JONES. Owner.
MUST be Corner lot, 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing In a rental of $S5 per month:
< only one block from narrow gauge depot;
. will he sold In whole or part: offer wanted
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway, Oak and.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES TO LET IN~OAKLAnK \~~l
Corner cottage, 5 r00m5.. ................i'... $17
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat, 6 r00m5...... 14
2-story neat 6-room h0u5e....'...... .....18
Choice sunny 8-room h0u5e............ 22
10-room : residence, fine..... ................... 50
i These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1058 Broadway.
6-ROOM house: laundry and "bath; water free.
. Apply 657 Sixth St.. near station. ■-. .
OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY bay-window suite; established: den*-
tist's office; also complete housekeeping
rooms. 856 Broadway. - • ■: .-. ■■■.■■
SUNNY rooms, en suite or single, furnished or
unfurnished; elegant private residence; every
convenience; large well kept grounds. 715 Bth.
■^^OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant' sunny~front^room«7
' with board: private; large yard. ?
OAKLAND FURNITURE | FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this .week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40»
Eleventh St., Oakland. ■
OAKLAND MEDIUM.
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic "healer,
cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. 875 Washington St.. r. 3, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE^ ~"~~— ~~
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
«*« ,«« . JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, JrOO. $2600, $3000. .
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on "■ market for non-payment
! of Installments, and they ire now offered at a
I great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
alm^t new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to. weed them out and invite
inspection. : MARCUSE & REMMEL
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market at.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
— Lot 60x270; modern cottage 6 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$:200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house or
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.-
$2850— 5150 cash; 525 per month: lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and nign school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and. bath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO., 1432 Park at.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— Elegant house of 12 rooms; magnifi-
cent grounds; comfortable carriage. Address
A., Call office, Alameda. ' . '
BERKELEY REAL fciSTATE.
$2700— FINE house of 8 rooms; lot 40 x 160:
. street work all done; splendid view. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
$1250— A VERY big bargain; house of 6 rooms
and hath, etc.: lot 40x130; Improvements cost
$1200. JOSEPH J. MASON. I Real Estate,
Berkeley station. . -' ; ...
REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
PROPERTY 1 0 KXCHA.MiI.. _
75-ROOM lodging-house for ranch.' $4,000
30-acre ranch. Improved, for Oakland-
property 6,500
25 houses and lots, city and Oakland,
$500 to 10,000 I
SO ranches, 5 to 5000 acres, from $100 to.. 50,000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61..... 8,000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
NETV" house and lot to exchange for lots. Call
329 Thirteenth st.
i LEGAL NOTICES.
CITY and County Treasury, San Franclico
March 16, IS9S— In compliance with the provis-
ions of. section 6 of order 159S of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September . 15, 1880
there will be sold at public auction by E S
Bpear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Butter street, on
MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In
an inventory thereof on tile In the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc. ; also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing, etc., property of deceased persons
received from the Coroner of this city and
county. Open for Inspection on morning of
•ale. A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
Emile L. Borzone and Rosia Bromwell, 26-25.
C. Yankowsky and Emily Strautman, 30-26.
Frank A. Koch and Dora Schneider. 21-19.
James Dyson and Mary Brown, 49-35.
John M. Root and Emma Clausen, 41-81.
Joseph Malverlch and Minna Lehmann, 41-35.
B. E. Faure and Felise P. TrlJou, 2-.-21.
C. E. R. Merrill and Lillie Cartwright. 29-23.
Paolo Arata and Rosa Podesta, 40-37. •
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
hande-1 in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN. ; i£» i ■;'■
BENNETT— ApriI 13, 1898, to the wife of Clay-
ton Bennett, a son. *
COOPER— In this city, April 11, 1898, to the
wife of J. C. Cooper, a son.
HADDEN— this city, April 12. 1898, to the
wife of Charles Hadden, a son. ■ .
On Farallon Islands, April 8, 1898, to
the wife of' First Assistant Lighthouse
Keeper C. J. Kane, a son.
SCHAUMER— To the wife of Max Schaumer, a
son. • . • • i .;^. •>;-•.-.
STEIGER— In this city, April 10, 1898. to the
wife of A. Stelger, ! a son.
.' DIED. ~~~
Crummey, Rebecca ' Gorman, Capt. J. M.
Egan, . Catherine Hoesch, Josephine
Lechevallier. Mrs. I. Kraft, Juanita :
Luhr, August '• Melntyre, William B.
McNally, Michael Mawson, Josephine
Miller, Dma Mibach, Catharina
Picinich, Martin Morse, Sarah M.
. Qulnn, Patrick Muller, Elizabeth
Upton, Bessie - O'Brien, James F.
Cnshman, William L. O'Donnell, Maggie
Corkery, John D. Pease, .George S. -
Deasy, Margaret - ; Porter, Catherine M. ■
Edwards, Margaret : Sullivan, Bridget
Gallen, Hannah Walsh. George F.
CRUMMEY— In South San Francisco, April 12,
1898, Rebecca, beloved wife of the late John
Crummey, and mother of John T., Hugh P.,
Owen, Annie and Rebecca Orummey, a na-
tive of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged C 3
year 6 months and 11 days.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1106 Railroad avenue, near Four-
teenth avenue south, thence to All Hallows
Church, N street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth avenues south. South San Francisco,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CASHMAN— In this city. April 13, 1898. 'Wil-
liam L. Caehman, a native of Ohio, aged 61
years.
CORKERY— In this city, April 13, IS9B, John
D., beloved husband of Ann Corkery, and
brother of Mrs. Mary Hoort, Mrs. J. Devine
of San Jose, Mrs. Hannah Butler, Mrs. Ellen
Schilling of Benlcla, James Corkery. Den-
nis Corkery of San Jose and Patrick Corkery.
a native of Macroom, County Cork Ireland,'
aged 60 years.
CjT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 121 Juniper street, off Harrison, be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DEASY— In San Rafael, April 13, l. r 9S, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved wife of Timothy, dearly
beloved mother of Mary (wife of F. C. Allen),
Michael, Margaret and Timothy Deasy Jr.,
and sister of Mary Hartnet and Mrs. It.
Lombard, a native of Bandon, County Cork,
Ireland, aged GO years and 2 months. (Bos-
ton papers please cupy.)
(CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
EGAX— In this city. April 12, 1898 J Catherine,
beloved wife of Frank Egan, mother of
Charlotte, Mary and Ellen Egan, daughter of
the late Michael and Charlotte Spellman,
and sister of Margaret. Daniel, John and
Michael Spellman ami Jlrs. M. J. Griffin, a
native of San Francis. -o. affed 'J7 year*.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, Silver avenue and Bruno roa 1,
thence to All Hallows Church, Fifteenth ave-
nue. South San Francisco, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city, April 13, 1898, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Edward W.
Edwards, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aired '6 years.
IT-TNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the pariors of Theodor Dierks, >Ji>7 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth.
GALLEN— In this city. April 12, ISM, Hannah,
beloved wife of Daniel Gallen, and mother of
John T., George and James Oallen, Mrs. H.
F. McGee. Mrs. John O'Neil, Mrs. Dan J.
Ahem and Hannah and Kate Gallen, a na-
tive of the parish pi Termonamonagan,
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 61 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, lgfWi-i Devimdero street, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GORMAX-In this city, April 12, 189R, Captain
James ML, beloved husband of Maggie Gor-
man. and father of Marco Gorman, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 61 years and 11 days.
HOESCH-In this city. April 12, 1818, Joseph-
ine, beloved mother of John Hoesch. Mrs.
Frank L. Bodwell and Mrs. Chester Packard,
a native of Germany.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t<> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the Church of
St. Charles Borromeo, corner Eighteenth and
Snotwetl streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will he celebrated lor the repose of
her soul. Interment Marysville, Cal.
KRAFT— In this city. April 13, 18W, Juanita
Kraft, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 yea*
and 2 months.
LECHEVALLIER— In San Jose. April 12, 180S,
Mrs. Inez Lechevallier, daughter of Mrs. E.
M. Talman. s ls ter of Mrs. H. Gatzen. and
mother of Mrs. A. Goers, a native of Long
Island, N. V., aged 46 years 7 months and
20 days.
r?"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from WoodrOW 1 *
undertaking parlors, 117 South First street,
San Jose. Friends of Lincoln Post No. 1 and
Mamineto Tribe, Order of Red Men, pleas*
take notice.
LUHR-In this city. April 11, 1898, August,
dearly beloved son of Marie Luhr, and
brother of William Luhr, :: A rs. J. Schloen,
Mrs. C. H. Linn. Mrs. C. Stellins and Mrs.
C. Schroeder, a native of Scharembock, Ger-
many, aged 28 years 7 months and 14 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother-in-law, John Schloen. 2439 Bu-
chanan street, corner Jackson. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
MoINTYRE— In this city, April 12, 1898, Wil-
liam E., beloved son of John and the late
Ann Mclntyre, and brother of John,
Lizzie and Annie Mclntrye, a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years and 1 month.
G?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residenco
of the family. 1716\» Mason street. Interment
Cdd Fellows' Cemetery.
McNALLY— In this city. April 11, IS9B, Michael,
beloved husband of Kate McNally, father of
Willie, Michael Joseph, Mary Agnes, Cather-
ine Teresa and John Edward McNally, and
brother of William and James McNally, a na-
tive of the parish of Kilicommon, County
Mayo, Ireland, aped 2S years.
tn?"Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 248 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, Mission street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAWSON— In this city, April 13, 1898. Jose-
phine W., beloved wife of the late i>dwin R.
Mawson, and mother of Mrs. E. B. Holmes,
and Mathilda R., Bertha C, David H. and
Edtth B. Mawson, a native of Erie, Pa., aged
53 years and 7 months.
MIBACH— In this city, April 12, IR9B, Catharina,
dearly beloved wife of Peter Joseph Mibach.
and mother of Michael Mibach, Mrs. Joseph
Muller. Mrs. F. Garrissere. Mrs. Peter J.
Weber, Mathias and Harry J. Milach and
Mrs. F. Eapel, a native of Germany, aged 71
years. (Marysville papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
April 16. at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. F. Garrissere.
SGO Sutter street, near Mason, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a solemn requiem high mass will he cele-
brated for the repose of ..is soul, commenc-
ing at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MILLER— In this city, April 11, IS9B, Dma,
beloved wife of B. Miller, mother of Mrs.
H. Lichtenstein, Pol Aaron and Lottie Miller,
and sister of Mrs. M. Levy, a native of
Bavaria, Germany, aged fS years.
(TiTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:4.j o'clock, Horn her late
residence, 1124 Sutter street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
Thin] and Townsend streets.
MORSE— In this city, April 13, 1898, Sarah M..
beloved mother of Emma L. and Nellie A.
Morse, a native of Nantucket, Mass., aged
64 years.
ETNotlee of funeral hereafter.
MULLER— In this city, April 12, 1898, Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved wife of George Muller,
daughter of John and Maria Vettel sister of
Jacob, John. Nicholas. Philip and Barbara
Vettel of Heppenheim, Germany, niece of Ja-
cob and Johanna Frank, daughter-in-law of
George and Theresa Muller, and sister-in-
law of Edward and Herrman Muller, a na-
tive of Heppenheim. A. B. D.. Hessen-Darm-
stadt. Germany, aged 27 years 7 months and
5 days. (Rochester, N. V., papers please
copy. )
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iFriday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4078 Hyde street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church, Golden Gats avenue, near Jones
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 13. 1898, James
Francis, beloved son of Honor and the late
James O'Brien, and brother of the late Annie
L., Josephine and May O'Brien, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged IS y°ars.
ID'Friends and acquaintances are regret-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 542 Grove street, thence to
Sacred Heart Cnurch, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— Tn this city, April 12, IR9B, Mag-
gie, beloved daughter of Bridget and the lat.^
John O'Donnell, and sister of Delia and
Martin O'Donnell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 7 months and 2 day*.
tC7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of her mother, 311 Seventh
street.
PEASE— In this city, April 13. 189S, George
S. Pease, a native of New York, aged 74
years.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten.l the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halstcd & Co., MR Mission street.
PICINICH— In this city. April 11, IS9S at St.
Mary's Hospital. Martin Hicinieh. a native
of Dalmatia, Austria, aged 42 years. A mem-
ber of Court Acme No. 6L Foresters of
America.
E7Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend the fur.eral this day (Thurs-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, fmm the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy < 'rn<* Cemetery.
COURT ACME NO. 51, F of A.— The officers
and members of Court Acme are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at the parlors of J. C. I ■
nor & Co., 7fi7 Mission street, to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Martin IM'-inich
this day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock By
order JAMES BROCK, C. R.
D. J. CRONIN, Rec. Sec.
PORTER— In Vacaville, April 13, 1898, Cather-
ine Mary Porter, a native of England, aged 73
year and 6 months.
QUINN— Ia this city, April 11, 189K, Patrick,
beloved husband of Catherine Qulnn, and
father of Mary, Emma, Thomas r.nd the late
Margaret and Peter Quinn, a native of
County Longford. Ireland, aped 70 years.
C7Frlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, frum his late
residence, 406V4 Seventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem hi^h mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, April 13, IS9S. Brid-
get, beloved wife of James Sullivan, and
sister of the late Ann Hayes, a native of the
parish of RoMc&rbery, County < ork, Ireland,
aged 71 years. (Boston, Mass , papers please
copy. )
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3tt Xatoma street, between Fourth
and Fifth, thence to St. Patrick's <"hurch for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
DFTON— In this city, at the Potrero. April 12.
18yR, Bessie, beloved daughter of Thomas and
Bessie Upton, a native of Pan Francisco, aged
3 years 10 months and 12 days.
fc?"The funeral will take pluce this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 719 Mariposa street, near Minne-
sota, Potrero. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WAlJ3H— Drtwned In Pan Francisco Bay,
March M.UH, Georje F..only and beloved ion
of Richard and Margaret Walsh, and brother
of Annif- Walsh, Mrs. W. Bartlett and the
late Mrs. W. Trahhold, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years 7 months and I days,
IC^Frieiiils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tn attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertaker*, 27 and 2« Fifth
street, thence to Pt. Patrick's Church for
sendees. Interment Mount Calvar;
IMcAVOY""&"GALLAGHE^T" l ™™i™
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMHBi I
20 fUTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln 3oa»#i.
Telephone. South aO. I
910
IN THE SERVICE OF THE FLAG.
The Tugs Vigilant and Active Turned Over to the Government.
The Fearless to Follow,
THE two steel tues Vigilant and
Active are lying along-side the Union
.Iron Works wharf awaiting 1 the dis
position of the Government. They
were taken over there yesterday, and
then their captains and crews came home
in Peterson's launch wearing an air of
sorrow and dejection that was painful
to see.
The first official news of the change that
had been made came to the men yester
day morning when they were told to take
all their belongings ashore and to strip
the boats of all property not belonging
to them or necessary in their navigation.
Folsom-street wharf resembled a house
moving during a good part or the morn
ing, and then the crews set to work to
haul out the big towing hawsers and
'mooring lines.
The Active got cff first, and as she left
the berth she had occupied so long her
whistle wailed mournfully and the sur
rounding steamers and tugs answered In
the same minor key. Soon after she had
gone the Vigilant was ready, and she, too,
blew three melancholy toots as she left
the crowd on the dock behind her. As
s=he passed the Sea Queen, of the Red
Stacks, she was saluted and she woke the
echoes In answer; the Reliance, with a
ship in tow, did the honors, and the Red
mond farther up the bay joined in.
PRECOCIOUS ART
OF BABY SCHRAMM
Extraordinary Piano Playing
of the Child Vir
tuoso.
Marino's Farewell Benefit— Midweek
Notes of th« Concerts and
Playhouses.
Paloma. Bchramm, the child pianist, grave
hor first public performance in San Fran
cisco yesterday afternoon in the Sherman
& Clay Hall. The audience was selectly
small, but the varied feats of the infant
virtuoso in execution and improvisation
•were prodigious. On a Steinway grand
of full size, altered only by a simple at
tachment for elevating the pedals, she
played Mozart's D minor Fantasie, a
Kubinstein romance, a Bach gigue, a noc
turne and a waltz by Chopin, a little group
of her own compositions (each one
"opused" with fine particularity on the
programme), and several other standard
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZIMA
Made Baby Kick and Scream.
Had to Wrap Her Hands
and Put Her on the Table
to Dress. Would Tear Her
Face and Arms Almost to
Pieces. Grew Worse Under
All Remedies.
CUTICURA CURED HER
When my little girl was six months old,
she had Eczema. We had used cold creams
and all kinds of remedies, but nothing did
her any pood ; in fact she kept getting worse.
I used to wrap her hands up, and when I
would dress her, I had to put her on the table,
for I could not hold her. She would kick and
scream, and, when she could, she •would tear
her face and arms almost to pieces.
I and four boxes of OnnrrßA (ointment),
two cakes of CUTICOftA Soap, and gave her
the fiTHTRA RKsoLVKNTand she was cured,
and I see no traces of the humor left. I can
truthfully say that they have saved her life, and
any one suffering as she did, I should advise
them to give Cuticttra a fair trial.
Feb.", '9B. Mrs.G.A.COXRAD.Lisbon.N.H.
cures, blood purifier*, and humor remedies of
the civilized world.
Sleep fob Bkix-Tobitkiid Babiib akd Rist foe
Tired Mothibs in a warm hath with Cuticfba Boap,
and a single application of Cuticuba [ointment], grestcit
of emollient* and akin cures.
Thli treatment will give inttant relief, permit reitfor
parent and sleep for child, and point to a tpeedy, perma-
nent, and economical cure of tbe moet torturing, disflj-
nriDg. and humiliating of itching, burning, bleeding,
scaly, pimply, asd cruoied t-kin and rcalp humors with
lost of hair, when all elie faila.
Bold throufhon t the world. Pottcb Diva ASD ClOb
Coup., Sole Props., Boston.
atr " How U Curo Torturing Eeteaw," auiie* ftH.
It was not a happy going away at all.
The men on the boats were silent and
glum. The boats had been their homes,
they said, and it was like leaving home
to go away from them. Captain Silovich
of the Vigilant declared he would stick
by his boat if they would only let him.
"I don't care if she does go to war," he
said, "they will want some one to run
her, and I know her and she knows me.
and I'll go along with her if they will
let me."
There was no ceremony. The boats
were tied to the wharf and then the men
went home. The Fearless will follow
them when she arrives here.
What the Government is going to do
with the two boats and the Fearless when
she comes in is a source of much specu
lation along the water front. They may
be made into dispatch boats or they may
be made into patrol boats, or they may be
put In the torpedo service. Lieutenant
Capp, the naval officer at the Union Iron
Works, who took charge of them, de
clares he does not know the intention
of the Government regarding them. He
made a careful inspection of them as soon
as they were securely moored to the
wharf, but he said the Government had
not yet made known what the boats
would be used for In case of emergency.
"They are only makeshifts as war ves
sels anyway," he said. "They were not
built for such service, and so cannot be
expected to be as good as boats specially
designed. In view of that fact they may
not be used at all, or only in case of
emergancy."
pieces, with tone and understanding and
poise that are simply marvelous in a
little girl of 9. Perhaps the most re
markable feat of the afternoon was her
improvisation on the theme selected at
random from several submitted by the
audience. She worked the four bars of
the unharmonized melody into quite an
imposing bit of music, giving to it several
moods and keys and preserving the char
acter and consistency to the very last.
Little Paloma seems to have not only the
temperament and instinctive feeling, but
a fair knowledge of the science of music,
and it is good news to hear that her
present "season" is limited to two
months, after which she will go to Leip
sic, finish her education, and (unless she
should go the way of so many prodigies)
live up to the brilliant promises of her
childhood. Paloma is a child even on the
concert platform. Among the flowers
given her during yesterday's recital was
a box of candy, which she hugged to her
heart with the most convincing delight.
Mrs. Florence Scarborough sang "My
Heart at Thy Sweet Voice," from "Sam
son and Delilah", the song of the mother
from the "Prophet" and an encore piece,
her big contralto sounding to especial ad
vantage in the dramatic aria of Meyer
beer's. Assisted by Mrs. Scarborough,
little Miss Paloma will give two more re
citals in the same hall, to-night and to
morrow afternoon.
In the evening the Sherman & Clay
Hall was the scene of another interest
ing concert, a benefit given to young
Marino, the violinist. Marino was in
splendid form and fairly surpassed him
self in the D minor concerto of Wie
niauski, playing with much more staying
power and generalship than usual.- The
lad's talents are beyond question and it is
to be hoped that enough money will be
realized out of last night's concert and
the other one which will be given Sat
urday afternoon in the same hall to en
able him to stay abroad for a couple of
years longer and come home a credit to
himself and to the town. Considerable
Interest was centered in the 'cello solos
of Ernest Lent, who, it will be remem
bered, was quite a failure at a recent
symphony concert. Mr. Lent's perform
ance last night of the Chopin E-flat noc
turne and a Popper tarantelle proved-con
clusively that nis previous disaster was
only the result of stage fright. He is
not a particularly emotional 'cellist and
his tone lacks distinction, but he plays
discreetly and with an easy reliabflity
that should be valuable in concerted
work. Mrß. Carr and Abramoff will as
eist at Saturday's concert.
From all present accounts Melba's sea
son at the California will be limited to
three performances, on Tuesday, Thurs
day and Saturday evenings of next week.
As already announced the operas are "The
Barber," "Travlata" and "Lucia." The
Bale of seats commences this morning.
The line of ticket-seekers will - have
formed long before this paper is printed,
as the seating capacity of the California
Theater is almost as limited as is the
length of Melba's season. • • :
The warm weather has depressed busi
ness at all the playhouses. The Baldwin
continues Hoyfs tenderloin • piece, "A
Stranger in New York," the rest of this
week and all of next, Ferris Hartman
following with the 'first American produc
tion of an English farce called "The
Purser." Ned • Harrigan in "Old . Laven
der' has only this week at the California,
where a popular Priced production -of
Trilby will be given after : the opera is
°y,? r v The Or Pheum has .the.best vaude
ville bill of months In Hyde's Comedians.
The . Grand is showing some ■ fine scenery
and the usual earnest acting in the
"Pavements ;of Paris." The Tivoll con
.HS^ c! l, " > b &d" -until' further notice.
The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown"
has taken so well at- the Alcazar; that
probably it will be continued- -another
week An excellent farce ; follows— "The
Gay < Parisians," ; for which •L. R Stock
well.'has been. specially engaged. "Shore
Acres'; closes at the Columbia with - the
Su 1!? a -5' n i ght P mance, giving .place
to Maria Jansen ln."Delmonico's at Six "
An untamable : lion by 1 the . name ■of Wal
lace is one of the lively attractions at the
Chutes. ; The programme for < to-mor
row's symphony concert at the Tivoli in
cludes Schubert's finished symphony - and
Urban symphonic poem, "The Ratcatch
er of Hammelin." ...-.-.
: ■ Ladies' . tailor-made ' suits; latest designs: w»
sire credit. ; £L RoUucbUd, ili fitter, r, ( A J.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AFRTL 14, 1898.
It 1b generally supposed that the tugs
crew than they have been carrying; that
a speed wheel will be put on in place of
the propeller designed for strength in
towing, which they now carry, and that
they will be supplied with small rapid
fire guns. They have coal capacity
enough to make them valuable as patrol
boats or scouts, and then, too, they will
make excellent transports for men and
supplies when speed is a matter for con
sideration.
The two tugs are moored side by side at
the Iron Works wharf and are in charge
of the two first mates, William Olsen
of the Vigilant and Michael Downey of
the Active. They will be retained as boat
keepers until the two boats are refitted
or are ordered to the island. It Is prob
able, however, that any refitting to be
done will be done at the Union Iron
Works.
The dock where the tugs used to lie
looks deserted, and the men of the tug
boat office and around the wharves are
beginning to talk seriously of war. The
purchase of the two boats and their sud
den departure are the first real touch of
war that has been felt here, and added
to the sentiment that a sailor always
weaves around hjs ship is a realization
of the. errand upon which they have gone
Despite this, the men want to go with
them, and it is a safe wager that they
would stay by the tugs as much because
they have been their homes as because
they have gone into the service of the
flag.
THAT WATERED
LOT OF WHISKY
A Gauger's Certificate That
May Have Been Forged,
Here or in Kentucky.
Agent Thomas Thinks That There
May Have Been Some Moonshine
Work in the Matter.
Special Internal Revenue Agent Bert
Thomas yesterday sent the Collector of
the Second District of Kentucky a state
ment of the seizure and detention of a
large number of barrels of whisky from
saloons in this city, as exclusively an
nounced in yesterday's issue of The Call.
He had discovered some more than or
dinarily suspicious circumstances in con
nection with the ten barrels placed un
der detention in A. M. Fink's saloon at
the corner of Pine and Market streets.
The gauger's certificate is undated, and
purports to have been signed by "A. 8.
Rutlidge, gauger tor the Second District
of Kentucky," the whisky being the
product of the Queen Distilling Company.
There is something else besides the date
that is wrong with the certicate, and the
Internal Revenue Collector for that dis
trict has been asked to investigate that
particular lot of whisky.
As found by Agents Thomas and Towne
in Mr. Fink's cellar, the liquor had been
reduced with yater to 90 proof, the certi
ficate caving for 107 proof. Jt is clear to
the officials that there has been fraud
somewhere and that a violation of law
has taken place. It is probable also that
Mr. Fink was bunkoed, if he himself aid
not. water the liquor, for he has paid for
liquor of 107 proof and received only 90
proof for his money. It is possible also
that without Mr. Fink's knowledge the
original contents upon which the tax was
paid have been removed, and the stamped
barrels refilled with moonshine illicitly
distilled whisky properly reduced and rec
tified without troubling the Government
officials about sucn little matters as li
censes, taxes, etc. This is the most
serious aspect of the case, for it may be
evidence of an illicit distillery in this
revenue district. The seizures and de
tentions were made by one of Collector
Lynch's deputies under direction of Spe
cial Agent Thomas. Mr. Lynch said yes
terday that the matter had not yet been
reported to him, and that he could take
no action in the premises until the agents
filed their reports. In fact, he said that
he was not aware officially that any seiz
ures had been made.
In the Divorce Court.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted L.
Martin Walter a divorce from Anna B.
Walter on the ground of j desertion.
: Edith ;B. \ Twohey ; has * been j granted a
divorce from John J. : Twohey on the
ground of neglect. - : : ,
. . Judge. Belcher « yesterday granted Har
riet Mcllroy : a < divorce from Frank B
Mcllroy ;on the ground of extreme
cruelty. • •, * - . ■...■-■ ..
_; Judge Dunne % has granted William J
.White a divorce -from Emma H. White
on the ground of desertion. ■ :
William C. Rosenau 1 has been granted
a divorce from • Mary L. Rosenau on the
ground of unfaithfulness. ,-■:-; j - ;
-Judge Seawell, yesterday* denied a dl
vorce to John Eschelbach, ! who sought a
legal • separation from ■ Sophia Eschelbach
on the ground of infidelity. ■
« » ■
Another Southern Pacific Suit.
Ella E. Lamont commenced suit yes
terday to recover $20,000 damages from
the Southern Pacific Company. She al
leges that she was severely bruised and
her nervous system badly shocked on
August 11 last, while riding on a train
between Sacramento and Oroville. The
train on which she was a passenger col
lided with another train, but luckily no
HE GOT HIS
CHINESE BACK
A Search on the Front
for a Shanghaied
Celestial.
M. Hart Lost His Cook and
Brought Out the
Police.
Louis Yun Sing Made His Disappear
ance Because He Owes
Money.
Mark Hart has lost and found his Chi
nese cook, and thereby hangs a tale of >m
pressment, shanghai and nocturnal wan
derings on the water front with a cordon
of police in a vain endeavor to recover pos
session of a son of Asia. Louis Yun Sing
Is the Celestial in question, and his mys
terious disappearance has been the cause
of it all.
Without a warning of any kind Louis
Tun Sing left the Hart household on
California street late in the afternoon
last Monday, and since that time a care
ful and well planned search was in
stituted. Yun Sing did not disappear
of his own free will. When he
left the California street house he
was escorted by another Asiatic, who
called for the very purpose of carrying
the servant away with him. The fact of
Yun Sing's leaving the Harts so uncere
moniously is attested by neighbors who
saw the two Chinese walk down Califor
nia street together. They also say that
Yun Sing was very excited, shouting vo
ciferously and gesturing like a man who
saw impending evil ahead, but could not
avoid it.
At the time of his departure Yun Sing
was in the midst of his culinary duties.
A dinner was in preparation and that is
as far as it got, for when the head of the
house returned home for the evening he
found his wife and children scattered
about, searching for the departed. Louis
Yun Sing was nowhere to be
found. Dinner at the Hart house
hold was late that night, and it
was hardly finished before Mark Hart
determined to report the matter to the
police, and with their co-operation at
tempt to track his elusive chef de cui
sine.
The day following Hart was surprised
by a visit from two sons of Confucius.
With weird and mysterious manner they
inquired if he had lost Tils cook. They
knew all about it and out of mere friend
ship to Louis iun Sing said they would
acquaint Hart with full details of his
abduction and impressment. Their
story is this: Louis Yun Sing owed an
other yellow skinned Oriental $18 and
had at all times refused and still refuses
to pay the same. For this persistent de
termination to avoid his obligations the
bold and bad man of the story devised a
scheme which has proved to be a coup
de graoe. He fell upon the credulous
Yun Sing at an opportune moment and
by the cogency of his reasoning induced
the latter to go with him. The two in
formers say that Yun Sing was carried
aboard the Indiana, a steamer that will
tail for Alaska this morning. The cred
itor Is according to their story the boss
of a Chinese gang got together for Yu
kon service.
After listening to this plausible tale
Hart notified the police. A sergeant was
delegated to accompany him in the
search of the steamer lying at Spear
street, and on Tuesday evening the Chi
nese hunters took thp field. At the Har
bor Police Station an additional force
was attached to the squad and the hunt
proceeded.
The party went direct to the Indiana,
and the officer in charge of the moonlight
expedition demanded admittance. This
was refused, but when the badge of au
thority was displayed sesamic results
followed. All through the ship the party
searched with Hart in vain. To his re
peated cries of "Louis" no response was
given, and after a little blasphemy the
disappointed hand returned to the Har
bor Police Station, weary and wharf
stained.
Yesterday morning Hart received an
other visit from a Chinese. The tenor of
his story is that Louis Yun Sing was on
the ship, but that the boss, expecting a
search, sequestered him in Chinatown,
and that just before the ship is to sail
to-day the shanghaied Celestial will be
carried aboard.
Late yesterday afternoon Mr. Hart,
with two police officers, found the China
man locked in a room back of a butcher
shop on Dupont street. He was released
and tak^n homo. He said he had been
on board the Indiana, but had been sent
ashore when the search was made.
REFUSES TO
BE EVICTED
Interesting Fight for the Pos
session of Four Rooms on
Turk Street.
Mrs. Fannie L. Mntson, a Photogra
pher, Holds the Fort Against
All Comers.
A stubborn fight has been In progress
for some months for the possession of
four rooms in the lodging-house at 6 Turk
street. Mrs. Fannie L. Matson, a photo
grapher, holds the fort, and defies the
proprietor to evict her.
Since last August the fight haa been
going on in the Superior courts, and an
evietion,suit is now pending before Judge
Bahrs. The fight has temporarily been
transferred to the Police Court, and Judge
Joachimsen will to-day have the oppor
tunity of hearing both sides of the story.
It seems that Dr. C. F. Rea, the then
proprietor, gave Mrs. Matson notice to
quit last August, hut Phe, refused to do so.
Then the doctor would not allow the ele
vator to run to her flat, and she brought
suit against him for $10,000 damages,
while ne brought suit for ejectment
against her for non-payment of rent.
Since then Mrs. Matson has not paid any
rent and will not give up possession.
February last the doctor sold out to Mrs.
J. L. Fisher, and she immediately gave
Mrs, Matson notice to quit, but it had no
effect, and when Mrs. Fisher posted up
bills, "Rooms to rent." they were prompt
ly torn uown. Then she swore out a war
rant for the arrest of "John Doe" for
malicious mischief, but he has not yet
been found.
Tuesday evening a tenant went to take
possession of the rooms and employed two
men to help him in removing Mrs. Mat
son's furniture. A watchman employed
by Mrs. Matson was overpowered, so her
attorney alleges, and some of her erfects
were thrown out into the hallway, tone
complained to the police, but, as it was
a case for the civil courts, they ueclined
to interfere. Yesterday morning Mrs.
Matson swore tf> complaints for the arrest
of Dr. Rea, Mrs. Fisher, Frank Has
kell and C. F. Repen on a charge of forci
ble entry and detainer. They were ar
rested and released on cash bail. Now a
warrant will be sworn out for the arrest
of Mrs. Matson on a charge of perjury
for swearing to the complaints against
Dr. Rea and Mrs. Fisher, as they were
not present at the time the effects were
removed.
Crocker Lodge, A. 0. U. W.
•*' This • evening ; Crocker "Lodge of the ,&.
O. U. W. and the .Market-street r Railway
Band will give a > grand entertainment in
Mission ; Parlor Hall, which will be fol
lowed, by 'a * dance. The ' programme 4is
made ■ up '•; of ? thirteen : numbers > of i vocal
and ' instrumental 1 music h and j among i. the
features- will be original songs by Sam
Booth, the ; grand v. receiver of r the a order,
the •' singing * of ?• "Because * the * Cars ;. They
Run ISo i Slow" ;: by i. Will >H. Ramsey 5 and
selections ; on : the cornet 'by Miss ■ Ada ' J. :
JKheatoOi a recent arrival in tliis .city.. .
ADVEBTISEMENT&.
TO-DAY'S OFFICIAL WEATHER Cloudy; cooler; heavy fog in the morning;
REPORT FOR SAN FRANCISCO, fresh westerly wind.
Madame,
It's just a question of taste
every day we advertise new arrivals — our windows show them — but we must leave the choice to you. You know as
well as we do there's an air of refinement about lady's wear which cannot be defined in words — but a well-dressed
woman is the center of attraction — anywhere ! It is not due to the cost — nor the pattern — a costume may have
nine good points and be marred by one defect — but we show you day by day the newest fabrics for ladies' wear.
Our store is so close to you — we're as good as neighbors — it's easy to see our stock without saying one word to us.
And there's one point you can rely upon — we can sell better goods at closer figures than our competitors. There's a
why and a wherefore for this, but it's so — it shall be so. Six huge stores of Hale's in California have grown by the
generous patronage of the people, and we know of no better time than Glorious Springtime to mention this ; and
in mentioning — to thank you.
To=Day's Startling Silk Surprise.
With the return of our Silk-buyer we are enabled to put on sale to-day at 8 A. M.
1500 YARDS ONLY
Fancy Jacquard Silk at 50c.
in floral and geometrical designs — all silk — (we repeat it, all silk) — two-tone fancy shadings of such fashionable tints as
Bluettes, Pistache, Marines, Emeralds, Castors, Bordeaux and Rose. The width is 19 inches full. This 1500-yard lot was
bought remarkably cheap — we admit it, and we wish to sell it very reasonably. Before the day is out you will admit this is
the season's snap in Silk.
Come early before color range is broken.
See this special lot displayed in window.
LAWNS, White and colored grounds— dainty fig- SWISSES, Dotted Mulls — 27 inches wide— .
83C ures — an Eastern purchase of special sat- Isc» white ground — woven dots with
isfaction to you — 31 inches wide. See colored figures — dainty dressings
window. for days like these.
DIMITIES, 40 colorings and patterns — sheer grounds _ , _ _—»<-. 00 l -j i
lOC. -small woven cord-31 inches wide. GALATEAS, 29 inches wide-closely woven-
See window. J sc. JJ u st the thing for wear and looks—
for your camping season.
ORGANDIES, ' n fashion's latest creations — delicate and
12ic. fancy plaids — criss-cross overplaids and SEERSUCKERS, That odd crinkled effect — but it
fancy effects — 32 inches wide. lOC. launders nicely — is 27 inches.
We place on show to=day new arrivals of
SEPARATE SKIRTS. SHIRT WAISTS. BELTS,
One of the most economical A nc j ,f you reac j any o f p ash . Nothing gives wider scope
portions of the up-to-date . 5^ for your taste. There's the
woman s wardrobe. J J vivid Romanesque Jeweled,
We never had a finer dis- Waists are firmer friends of anc j Lizard Leather and
play. Fashion than ever. White Kid.
HALES
"San Francisco's Most Progressive Dry-Goods House,**
937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET
ANNA'S FINERY
IS THREATENED
Attachment Out Against Mile.
Held for a Laundry
Bill.
Sued for $8 95 for Cleaning Various
Articles of Apparel, Including
Hosiery and Gloves.
Anna Held— the star of the milky way
—Is in distress and unless some one of her
devoted admirers comes to her assistance
Anna may have to divorce ■ herself from
some of her American dollars. Not many
of them, but enough to cause her a severe
spasm of anguish, for Anna loves the
American dollar five times better than
she does the franc of her native land and
a hundredfold more \ than the most rav
ored of her devotees.
Who among the throngs who watched
the entrancing Parisenne pirouette about
the stage of the Baldwin, lavishing her
smiles upon all with distracting impar
tiality, would have imagined she was the
victim of a remorseless creditor?
/ But such was the case, and although
Anna has bidden farewell to the Golden
Gate and has got as far as Oakland on
her return : east, she /is still • pursued by
the haunting fear that she will have to
yield up $8 95 with a few dollars addi
tional for costs, etc. , - -
And it looks as though Anna's fears
were not without cause, for Anna has
been sued; sued for $8 95 for the cleaning
of her clothes.
Norah Clifford and C. L. Snow, com
prising the firm of John F. Snow & Co.,
are the people who are making life a
burden for the divine Held. In a com
plaint filed in the Justice Court yester
day they allege that on the 4th of the
present month they entered Into an agree
ment with the Queen of Vaudeville
whereby they were to . renovate certain
articles of wearing apparel enumerated
as follows: One satin dress, one pair of
tights (quality not stated), three pairs of
silk hose, - one hat. three feathers, three
pairs of shoes and fifteen pairs of gloves,
said lot to be duly scrubbed, laundered,
etc., for the sum of $8 95. This, according
to -the complaint, was satisfactory to the
defendant, ; and the refurbishing orocess
was properly * performed and the articles
returned to their owner on, April 10, but
she ; then . and ' has ' since persistently . re
fused to pay the bill, although repeatedly
asked to do so. '■'>'_ * -.- . ■:
As Anna has completed her engagement
here and last night was in Oakland, steps
were taken to make a forcible levy on her
goods and chattels, and for that purpose
an attachment was taken out. both here
and in Oakland. The plaintiffs are de
termined, and Anna will have- to skip
around very smoothly to prevent the
officers: from getting nola of ncr effects..
OAKLAND, April Anna Held caused
the police^, and Sheriff's office a lively
chase to-nieht. About 7 o'clock a Mr.
Sabin, representing ; the Bushnell Photo
graph Gallery, appeared at the police sta
tion and told Captain Carson of his woes.
He said his firm had loaned the Held
company while in San Francisco a valua
ble picture, and they had gone off with it.
He i asked for a \ warrant for : petty lar
ceny or anything that would recover the
picture. % This could not be issued, as Miss
Held's manager. Siegfried, said the tak
ing of the picture was a mistake and that
if < the ; photograph man . went to . the prop
erty car in West Oakland he could get it.
The car i was visited, but no picture was
found and it ; was learned that it is in a
car that is now supposed to be near Salt
Lake.- This ended that Incident. V -,
<t> About the same *:• time Deputy Sheriff
O'Callaghan from San Francisco appeared
at: the Sheriff's ; office: with a summons
authorizing the ; attachment of Anna
Held's property for the sum of $8 90 for a
dye concern in San Francisco. The claim
was in ' the name of Norah Cliff i . The
summons ,was served on the actress and a
visits was - made to i the railroad yards > to
attach a few dollars' worth of the actress',
property , that so many columns have been
written about. . V ,
- The ■', manager . calmly, told . the deputy
that everything belonged to him; that not
a gem 1 or a stitch "of ; clothing I was the
property, of Miss Held, and the officer had
to return with no satisfaction. ;,
■ ♦ ■ .
Sent to Whittier LJchool.
Klttie Williams, an incorrigible girl,
who ran away from her home in Reno,
was committed by Judge Borden yester
day to the Reform School at Whittier.
She has been In local reformatory insti
| jutlons, b.ut always managed to escape.
THREE-DAY
BARGAINS.
Hundreds of economical house-
wives arc attending these Three-
day Saving Sales every week.
Are you
Maple Sugar, Mb, brick. 15c
The ■ genuine Vermont article.
Regular price, 20c.
French Mustard, bot. 15c, 2 bbts. 25c
Of exceptional ' fine flavor.
• Regular price, 20c. ,
Schwepp's Soda Water, d0z... 51.25
A delicious drink In warm weather.
Made in Great Britain.
Regular price, $1 50.
Corn, tin-... ............. 10c
Finest sugar corn packed .
In Maine.
Regular -price, 15c
Riesling, gallon ...40c
A good table win»
In bulk or bottled.
Regular price, 75c
Cocktails, qt. bot . . . • 75c
Put up by Fletcher Cocktail Co., Newark,
N. • J.
Regular price, $1 00.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. | Telephone West 153.
Catalogue : free. Particular attention
given to Mail Orders.
?slJPPLlis^l j
j' - should include
!; BORDEN'S I
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM
,' UNSWEETENEP
(' The high reputation for keeping
. i 1i 1 qulity is already -well estab-
i - lished; hence, no experiment.
> jjEWYORKCONDENSED M[LK CO.
1897-Taxes-1897
■ The "; second Installment of real estate taxes
will be . delinquent April .25,'- at 6, p. m., after
which 5 per cent. will be added. ; : •
: The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m. on
April 23.:, . :. V ." '
; SATURDAY, 'April 16.' positively last day for
receiving checks. . JAMES N. ? BLOCK,
• : . .;-..- ' Tax' Collector.
- San Francisco, April 14, 1898. '. .-',-..:::.:;.:;
lIE ACCESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
■■■■■ help when all else fails, asglasses help eyes.
Self-adjusting. No Pain. Whispers heard. Sendto CDCC
J,MlM<.tU^|^^ a/t a.^,^By«J t M4yronf«rHEt.
■HUM THIS i
is l\W wfekl
5 COMBINATION &,
| DESK AND S
I BOOK CASE, |
V In Cherry Finish, $5. I
With Mirror >tJ *
§§ CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIME
jP Other Desks at Other Price*. fc
I J. NOON AN f |
§ 1017 to 1023 Mission St., X
\P Above Sixth. Sb
*S Phone South I*. Open Evenings. «
B. H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH OS IP 0
PERSIAN llUuiJ
With his last stock, before his departure to
■ Alaska, ■
WILL BE. CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
. ■ .. ■ ■ -■> - . , . ■■'
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine good*
at your own prices.
N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
000000000000000000
% rN ? P A LACE w»
% GRAND hotels %
o SAN FRANCISCO.
!** Connected by a"covered passageway.
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O All " Under • One Management. O
I O NOTE THE PRICES: q
] q European Plan. »i. oo per day and upward A
** American Plan. B3. OO per day and upward "
I Or Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN 0. KIHKFATRICE, < Mawger . q
; boo qoooooooo o o
DR.MCMJLTYT
T".'^.? I jL - KN ?, AND RKLIABLE OLtt
: ■I bpetlallstcto-e* private^ er7ous,Blooda?id Skin
Diseases of Me,, only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years experience. Send for Book, free. Clients
p(! . a Home Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
d3lly;6:3otoB.;»cV ? s..Sjr,days,iotol2. Consult^
Uonfree and sacredly confidential. Call oraddreaa
o P. SOSCOE McNCITT, M. ».,
86)6 Keai ii.t Street. San Francisco. r«L
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
. Tenth ; Floor, * Room ' 1015, Claus ' Spreckela Bids.
. , Telephone Brown: 931. '.
: * Residence, 821 California street, below Powell.
JLfiOB Francisco, --■■ -■ — •* >-
.;-.-■: . ■ ■ ;• -HUNGTINGTON
ECONOMIZING.
Three Minor Roads Ab
sorbed Into the South
ern Pacific.
Th© Papers Placed on File In
the Office of the County
Clerk.
Stated to Be a Move to Save Expenses
in the Management Of
the Road*.
Another step toward greater economy
In the affairs of the Southern Pacific
Company was taken yesterday. This
was the formal consolidation of four
of the lessee roads of that corpora
tion. Speaking of the matter, Collls P.
Huntinpton said:
We consolidated the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company, the Northern Railway Company
the Northern California Railway Company and
the California Paoitlc Railroad Company as a
measure of economy. We always do these
things as fast as we can, because they save
considerable expense In several ways. This la
done In connection with all the little roads that
come into our possession. We did it with the
6tockton and Copperopolls. Before we got It
It did not pay expenses. After we secured I
think we even reduced rates on It. and then
we made It pay interest on half it cost. We
consolidated it and reduced expenses by that
move. That is the only way these little road*
can be made to live.
The papers were filed last evening In
the County Clerk's office. They pro-
Vide for the consolidation, amalgama
tion and incorporation of the Southern
Pacilic Railroad Company, the North
ern Railway Company, the Northern
California Railway Company and the
California Pacific Railroad Company.
The new corporation is to be known as
the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany. The several capital stocks, debts,
properties, assets and franchises, it is
further provided, held, owned or pos
sessed by the interested corporations
shall be amalgamated and consolidated
In the new corporation.
The directors of the new Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company are C. P. Hunt,
ington. New York; T. H. Hubbard, New
York; George Crocker, C. E. Green,
Charles G. Lathrop and H. E. Hunt,
ington of San Francisco; P. S. Douty,
San Mateo; Russell Wilson, San Fran
cisco, and N. T. Smith, San Carlos.
The roads and branches included in
the amalgamation cover 4535 58-100
miles, and the capital stock is fixed at
$12fU.">5,000.
The articles of incorporation are
signed by C. P. Huntingdon, president,
and J. H. Willcutt, of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company; George
Crocker, president, and George T.
Klink. secretary of the Northern Rail
way Company; George Crocker, presi
dent, and F. S. Douty, secretary of the
Northern California Railway Company,
and N. T. Smith, vice-president, and
<;>'orge T. Klink, secretary of the Cali
fornia Pacific Railroad Company.
The amalgamation and consolidation
Is further consented to by the follow
ing shareholders in the original South
•rn Pacific Company: E. C. Wright,
F. P. Douty; Pacific Improvement
Company by F. S. Pouty; H. E. Hunt
ingtqn, C. P. Huntingdon, George
('rocker, N. T. Smith and J. H. Will
cutt.
TUB WAJtM SPELL BROKEN.
It Will Be Cooler To-Day Except In
the Northern Part of the State
With Heavy Fogs on Coast.
Am predicted by Forecaster McAdie of
the Weather Bureau there was the anti
cipated change In the weather yesterday
afternoon. The atmosphere began to cool
most perceptibly about 5 o'clock, and by
S it was disagreeably cold, with a heavy
fop rolling in from the sea. The maximum
temperature was higher yesterday than
on Tuesday, but the mean temperature
was less.
The temperature has fallen rapidly
along the Central Pacific Coast, but it
continues high in the valleys, where it
is 10 to 25 degrees above normal. With
the exception of a slight trace of rain at
Port Angeles there has none fallen upon
the Pacific Slope. It will be cooler to-day
except in the northern part of the State,
with heavy fogs along the coast.
The Printers' Strike.
The printers and Typothetae have fairly
locked horns, and each stands quiet wait
ing for the other to make the first move.
There was no change in the situation yes
terday beyond the usual statements from
the proprietors that they have plenty of
competent men ai.d the refutation of this
by the officers of the union. Beyond the
pending out of circulars and pamphlets
giving the "true status of the case" by
hoth sides, hardly anything has been done
toward arriving at a settlement of the
difficulties, and it now looks as though
the strike will drag on for an indefinite
length of time. A full meeting of the
Typothetae will be held this afternoon to
consider the situation.
LABOR HOT ON
KELSO'S TRAIL
Will Prosecute Him for Each
Separate Violation of the
Law.
Carpenters Condemn the Practice
of an Oakland Con
tractor.
Now that Judge de Haven has handed
down a decision to the effect that the
John Kelso Company can be brought Into
court and held for a violation of the Fed
eral eight-hour law the combined strength
of the labor unions will be used to fight
the case to the end. At the meeting of
the Carpenters' District Council last night
the matter was brought up for discussion
and much satisfaction was expressed re
garding the decision. The business agent
of the council, Harry M. Kaunders, was
authorized to spare no expense to prose
cute the case, an<l ji.s the law provides
a penalty for each day of its violation
a eeparate complaint will be lodged for
each day the same force of men m
worked over eight hours on the new Post
offlce site. A Joint committee of the
Building Trades, Carpenters' District
Council and the Labor Council has charge
Of ttio matter and a meeting of this com
mit tc-e will be held to-morrow evening
to lay down ;i definite course of action.
An apgressive campaign will be opened
immediately against not only the Keh;o
Company, but all who violate the eight
hour law on Federal work.
A vote of thanks was tendered Messrs.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co. for their recogni
tion of union labor In the remodeling of
their new store, but one of the contrac
tors on this job, Veitch Brothers of Oak
land, was severely censured. It was re
ported that Veitch Brothers brought all
their workmen over fr,om Oakland, to
tally ignored San Francisco laborers and
he men but $2 sft for a ten-hour day
A report that the Election Commission
ers had decided that the eight-hour day
and union labor would be observed in the
erection of the election booths was well
received and taken as a mark of encour
agement.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mle»lon.
THE EVICTION OF HUNG HI LOI
The Sheriffs Deputies Surprised the Chinan)en and
Threw the People's Clothes Ir)to the Street.
THE majesty of the law in the person
of six of the Sheriff's deputies, headed
by Officer Jesse Galland, descended
upon the laundry of Hung Hi Loi, 537
Central avenue, yesterday and proceeded
to take swift and merciless vengeance
upon the almond-eyed citizen of the
Orient because of his failure to meet a
rent bill of $45 due to Samuel W. Cowles.
Judgment was secured in the case April
5, against Hung Hi Loi and his partner,
Hung Wah, and a few days ago they were
notified to pay up or get out, but when
the notice was served. Hung declared
that "he no savez," and refused to leave.
It lacked but a few minutes to the hour
of noon when the deputies stepped from
a Hayes-street car at the corner of Cen
tral avenue, and with noiseless tread pro
ceeded to steal unawares upon the laun
dry and the unsuspecting Hung Hi Loi.
When they entered the establishment of
the washtub and iron they found neither
Hung nor his partner. They had evidently
got the tip of the impending trouble and
had silently decamped. However, the
deputies surprised six stoical Chinamen,
who were busy putting imitation mirror
gloss upon six 99-cent shirts. The en
trance of the visitors did not in the least
disturb the complacency of the yellow
laundrymen.
"Where is the boss?" asked the head
deputy.
"Chow la moo wah ki," answered a
dried-up, wean.-eyed and shriveled-faced
old Oriental, who was laboring with the
HELP FOR THE
SICK POOR
Mrs. Hearst's Handsome Dona
tion to the San Francisco
Polyclinic.
Friends of tho Institution Respond
to tho Call for Assist
ance.
A reception was given at the San Fran
cisco Polyclinic, 410 Ellis street, last night
and the rooms of the institution were
crowded. During the entertainment Dr.
J. H. Stallard, one of the directors of the
pilyclinic, announced that Mrs. Phebe
Hearst had decided to donate $5000 toward
helping the institution carry on its char
itable work.
Since the organization of the polyclinic
hundreds of the sick poor of the city have
been treated by many of the most skilled
physicians in the State free of charge.
Medicines hava been given to those un
able to pay for them, and in every wav
the instjtution has done much to alleviate
the suffering of the unfortunates of the
city. The expenses of carrying on the
polyclinic are consderable, and much of
it is borne by the physicians who gratui
tously give their services as well. Charity
is looked upon to maintain the institution,
and the donation of Mrs. Hearst came
when it was a welcome gift. About three
years ago Mrs. Hearst assisted the poly
clinic by a similar gift.
SHORT TWO THOUSAND
The Charge That Has Been Placed
Against L. C. Watters of the
Commercial Power Company.
L. C. Watters was arrested yesterday
on complaint of his employer, I. C. Bor
den of the Commercial Steam Power
Works at 506 Commercial street. The
charge is embezzlement, and tnis may be
raised to felony embezzlement before he
comes to trial. The amount which it is
charged he is short is over $3000, and the
time it took to accumulate that amount
of shortage stretches over several
months.
Watters was collector and confidential
clerk to the firm for nearly four years,
and he was trusted with all of the busi
ness of the firm in the absence of Mr.
Borden. A few months ago It was
found that a bill had been presented and
that there was not sufficient money in
the hands of Watters to pay it, when at
the time there should have been enough
to pay a dozen like it. An investigation
followed and an explanation was de
manded, and as It was not satisfactory
the arrest of Watters was decided upon
It was found that there had been num
bers of bills paid by checks which had
been cashed at various places— at sa
loons and business houses where Watters
owed money— and no accounting had
ever been made of the money they repre
sented. About a month ago Watters left
his position, and it was after that that
most of the discrepancies were made
plain.
Watters had always borne a good rep
utation and his arrest was the cause of
much surprise among his acquaintances.
He has a wife and lives at 2615 Sacra
mento street. When accused of the em
bezzlement he declared that the only way
It could have occurred waß by dishonesty
on the part of the young man who work-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AFKJLL 14, 1898.
intricacies of a woman's lace collar.
"Come off. you antiquated heathen."
roared the deputy. "What do you think
I am. a traveling" lexicon of buried lan
guages that I can understand that
tongue-twisting jargon? What I want to
know is where is the boss, and 1 want to
know it mighty quick."
Here the deputy pulled off his coat, and
his men taking the hint shucked out of
theirs. As soon as the Chinamen caught
sight of the badges upon the vests of the
deputies they quit work as if they had
been struck by lightning, and at a Bignal
from a little, fat washer who was stirring
a tub of soapsuds they all started up with
a high falsetto of protestations. The com
bination of their shrill, piping voices
sounded like the filing of a rusty saw.
while ever and anon above the ear-pierc
ing chatter there arose the voice of the
old man. who. dancing around upon one
leg and waving his arms above his head,
shouted "Me no bosse— he gone, me no
br.sse— he gone."
The deputies "said not a word but went
straight to work," and without ceremo.iy
began to deposit the wash of the entire
community in the street. The red-hot
stove held them at bay until they could
get a hose to play upon it, and then the
work continued. Tables, chairs, tubs,
irons and all the paraphernalia of the
laundry were dumped out upon the pave
ment and piled into a confused and
heterogeneous pyramid.
While this was going on the Chinamen
were busy gathering together their per
sonal belongings. The shriveled patriarch
quickly secured his pipe and faded yellow
jacket, and his fellow-laborers were not
Ed in the office with him. There has
been no suspicion attached to his assist
ant, however, for the officers of the com
pany have thoroughly inevstigated the
whole affair and have no one to suspect
but Watters. Watters declares he is in
nocent.
ANTE-ELECTION WORK.
The Democratic Campaign Committee
Prepares for Enrollment.
The campaign committee of the local
Democracy met at its headquarters In the
Baldwin Hotel last night for the purpose
of naming the committees that are to
have charge of the enrollment in the sev
eral Assembly districts. Major P. J. Har
ney presided. The enrollment will begin
to-day and will continue until Saturday
night. Following are the members of the
several committees:
Twenty-eighth District-^Toseph Estellfta, L.
J. Buckley and Patrick Hayes.
Twenty-ninth-T. Gallagher. Fred Russell
and James Welsh.
Thirtieth- Joseph Cunningham, M. Harris
and Louis Olaviloux. *
Thirty-first— William Sand, J. 11. Ahem and
M. M. Ratigan.
Thirty-second— l. Delehanty. Robert Nilsen
and John Sheehan.
Thirty-third— Xnt appointed.
Thirty-fourth— Joseph Corrigaa, T. J. Flnnt
gan and John Madden.
Thirty-fifth— John Dolan, Henry Haake and
P. J. Richland.
Thirty-sixth— H. McGrath, J. T. Denehy and
J. MeCloeky.
Thirty-seventh — Not appointed
Thirty-eighth— J. McNally, H. Blngham and
Charles Cassassa.
Thirty-ninth— John Nolan, M. Hendy and J.
Harris.
Fortieth— Patrick Lyon. Harry Owens and
Harry Choyn?ki.
Forty-first— F. A. Schnitz, William Hum
phreys Jr. and J. P. Glynn.
Forty-second— J. J. McGowan, W. D. O'l^eary
and Thomas Kennedy.
Forty-third— P. Kelly, B. Brower and Phil
Wand.
P'orty-fourth — Charles Schott, John Vaxney
and E. J. Bowen.
Forty-fifth— J. Cashin, E. Sullivan and D.
Ryan.
LAWYERS IN DISGRACE.
Proceedings to Disbar Attorneys B.
Mclntosh and E. B. Haymond.
Benjamin Mclntosh and Edgar B. Hay
mond, the two lawyers who were recently
found guilty of unprofessional conduct by
Superior Judge Carroll Cook, have been
cast out by the Bar Association of San
Francisco. The offense for which they
stand condemned was committed during
the trial of Albert Hoff, the murderer
These lawyers conducted his case as his
counsel and during the proceedings they
attempted to soil an alleged confession
of the murderer to the newspapers, ask
ing the sum of $2000. Judge Cook com
mitted both lawyers for contempt, and at
the same time suggested that they should
bo brought before the Bar Association for
disbarment. This organization took up
the matter and a decision was reached
against the accused, but Mclntosh asked
for more time, which was granted. When
the case again came up for hearing on
Tuesday evening he did not appear, and
the following resolution was passed:
Resolved, That - committee be forthwith ap
pointed to prosecute Attorneys Benjamin Mc
lntosh and Edgar B. Haymond before the Su
preme Court of the State of California, and
that the said committee, representing the Bar
Association of San Francisco, take all neces
par- steps toward bringing about their dis
barment.
The committee adopting this resolution
consisted of Chairman Michael Mullany
Secretary J. S. Tobln and Messrs. Fifield]
Kellogg and Louderback. The move to
disbar these two lawyers will be pre
sented to the Supreme Court on the evi
dence taken in the Superior Court.
The .-: fee-simile r //r&{ ■'■sso* I ~.'"srl?'-- ** on evei T wrapper .
•ignatiixe of 6fe4jZ%^££sk of CASTOBIA.
slow to follow his example. Soon each
had a bundle, and this he took out upon
the street and sat thereon. Silent and
dumfounded, as it were, they watched
the wholesale work of destruction go on.
But when the people whose wearing ap
parel was thus being confused and mixed
with that of their neighbors got on to
what it was all about, then the fun com
menced. Mrs. O'Reily suddenly appeared
upon the scene and demanded the imme
diate surrender of two towels and one
bedspread. Mike Donahue was content to
pay 50 cents for his shirts and collars,
but when he went home and found that
in the confusion he had a bundle contain
ing a lot of female underwear, he re
turned boiling with rage, and shaking a
pair of unmentionables in the face of the
silent and bewildered Chinamen, he swore
to do damage to the faces of each and
every one of them if they did not find his
belongings.
First the people came by ones, then
twos, next a dozen -at a time and finally
with a rush. They were not to be reasoned
with. They wanted next week's wash,
and they attacked the pyramid in the
street to find it. In less time than it
takes to tell it there was a confused mass
of clotht-s. Chinamen, men, women and
children jumbled together in a confused,
struggling pile. Every one for himself
was the principle that governed the rush.
The patriarch dived beneath a pile of
blankets, but some one grabbed his queue
and hauled him forth. The scene resem
bled a bargain counter rush, and for
many blocks around there were strewn all
and every kind of wearing apparel used
to adorn the person of man or woman.
DONATIONS FOR
THE FESTIVAL
Masons Feel That Their Efforts
Will Be Rewarded With
Success.
Several Hundred Tickets Have Been
Sold and the Demand for
More Is Increasing.
Every indication points to the fact that
the coming fete by the Masons of this
city in aid of the Widows' and Orphans'
Home at Decoto, Alameda County, is
destined to meet with unprecedented
success. Donations are steadily increas
ing, both in number and extent, and
tickets are being sold rapidly and in fact
are disappearing like the proverbial hot
cakes.
The board of trustees assembled in the
temple yesterday for deliberation. Charles
L. Patton presided. Dr. Voorsanger, W.
Frank Pierce, Dr. Thomas Flint, Edwin
Whipple, Ed Peabody, William Johnson
and Ed Hines were present. It was re
ported that the Masonic Widows' and Or
phans' Home would be completed in Oc
tober. A resolution was passed asking the
lodges of the entire State to send in the
names of the widows and orphans whom
the various lodges desired to occupy the
"home" on its completion. It is expected
that at least seventy-five widows will be
accommodated in the early part of No-
vember.
W. Frank Pierce, inspector general of
the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite
of Freemasonry of the Southern Juris
diction of the United States, has just re
turned from Amador, Calaveras and San
Joaquin counties. He reports that the
Masons of these counties will take part
in the festival and will donate %'arious
articles to be sold. He says enthusiasm
prevails among the fraternity.
In looking over the donation books yes
terday it was discovered that the Califor
nia Furniture Company had donated
sums to a great many ladies. The ladies
of the Scottish Rite body met yesterday
in the temple and reported a great many
large donations. Several hundred, tickets
have been sold. One lady had secured a
complete tailor-made dress, hat, etc. Mrs.
J. R. Jones, Mrs. Henry Cline, Mrs. Shat
terly, Mrs. Starbird, Mrs. W. Thomas,
Mrs. Judge Caswell and Mrs. Hollis all
reported large donations.
The ladies of Mount Moriah Lodge as
sembled in the temple yesterday and
reached the conclusion that they would
have a Mount Moriah Washington booth.
Costumes will be the dress of Martha
Washington, and articles symbolic of
Washington and his life will be sold.
Mrs W. E. Boyer is the chairman and
Mrs. Guy Calden secretary. The Electric
Railway Advertising Company of Oak
land has donated space for advertising
purposes. _
Failure of L. G. Flanagan.
L. G. Flanagan, a dealer in hay and
grain on the corner of Folsom and Eight
eenth streets, filed a petition yesterday
to be declared an insolvent debtor. His
liabilities amount to 117,152 17, but are
mostly secured by mortgages on real
property holdings in Noe Valley and
Comerfordville.
THE BRUNSWICK
OPENS DEEP
A Complete Agreement
With the Comstock
Tunnel Company.
Possible Turning Point in the
Fortunes of the Famous
Old Camp.
Now Prospecting the Great Bruns
wick Lode Will Begin 1300
Feat Dowa
The famous, sleepy, old Comstock re
ceived yesterday the first definite injec
tion of the new life blood which all Com
stockers have an abiding faith is sure
to give the old camp a great resurrection
some day.
Late Tuesday afternoon Franklin
Leonard, president of the Comstock Tun
nel Company, and a number of the lead-
ing representatives of the Comstock com
panies interested in the Brunswick lode,
reached a complete agreement as to an
important contract, by the terms of which
these companies may and will go to pros
pecting the Brunswick lode from the
Comstock tunnel.
The agreement contains an enormous
mass of details. Briefly, it gives the con
tracting companies the right and every
facility to run prospecting drifts along
the lod<^ on each side of the tunnel and
to drairt their workings, haul out their
ore and waste rock and generally to op
erate their mines through the Comstock
Tunnel.
Where the tunnel passes through the
Brunswick lode it is about 1300 feet below
the surface, and several hundred feet
lower than the deepest shaft now on me
lode, that in the Chollar claim. The
prospecting work so far done on the
Brunswick lode has uPen done from the
surface wholly, and what little has been
done has not developed any ore bodies of
grpat importance.
Now prospecting can begin at a depth of
1300 feet and besides can be carried on on
a vastly cheaper scale than operations
from the surface. There is every promise
now that some of the companies will go
right to work running drifts north and
south from the level, and it sJiould not be
be very long before they show what the
Brunswick lode is made of and whether
or not the abounding faith in it which
fills Virginia City is justified.
The companies who become parties to
the agreement are the Gould & Curry,
Savage, Consolidated California & Vir
ginia. Best & Belcher, Hale & Norcross,
Chollar and Potosi. A perfect agreement
has be,en arrived at as far as the com
panies mentioned and President Leonard
are concerned. The agreement awaits
final ratification by the trustees of the
Comstock Tunnel Company in New York,
to whom it will be forwarded at once, and
also by the Union Trust Company of
New York, trustee for the income bond
holders. As President Leonard is the
heaviest holder of the stock and bonds
of the company, and has acted here in
accordance with a resolution adopted by
the trustees, this is looked upon as a for
mality which will be promptly attended
to on the arrival of the papers in New
York and reported by telegraph.
President Leonard last evening declined
to say more than to confirm the news in
a general way.
"I regard the agreement as one that
will be mutually beneficial to my com
pany and to the mining companies con
cerned, he said. "From their stand
point, it will greatly reduce the cost of
development. I have been laboring for
two years to bring this about, and I am
glad that it is about accomplished. It
is the only practicable and economical
way to prospect lode.
"When this matter is finally off our
hands, as I expect it will be with the
ratification by the trustees in New York,
the way will be opened for the other
waiting enterprises— the drainage of
American Flat and Silver City through
the Comstock tunnel. It is too early to
say more about these projects than that
they may now come actively to the front
To them this enterprise of the Bruns
wick Lode has been a stumbling-block
which is now removed."
Comstockers will be delighted to know
that there is at least a definite prospect
of deep operations on the Brunswick lode
with all its possibilities of success and
failure, and its possible bearing on the re
sumption of deep mining on the Com
stock, the 8000-foot tunnel to Silver City
and the 8000-foot tunnel which may yet
allow mining to be resumed in tne rich
but wet veins of American Flat. This
final reaching of an agreement is regard
ed as a turning point in the fortunes of
the Comstock.
BEATEN BY HIS WIFE.
G^orge Wense, a Cook, Has His In
juries Attended to at the
Hospital.
George Wense, a cook living at 115
Seventh street, had a dispute with his
wife yesterday morning. The woman had
been drinking, am. in her rage she picked
up a pair of scissors and attempted to
stab him. He warded off the blow and
in doing so hit ...~i in the jaw.
Throwing away t..e scissors she went
at him like a tigress and knocked him
down with a blr v on the left eye. Then
she jumped on him and banged" his head
against the floor, almost severing his
right ear. She continued to strike and
kick him till she became exhausted and
left him in a semi-conscious condition. As
soon as he was a.-o Wense went to the
Receiving Hospital, where his injuries
were attended to by Dr. Rinne. He pre
sented a pitiable Sight with his discolored
eye and lacerated ear. He declined to
have his wife arrasted, as he said when
she got sober she would feel sorry for
what she had done.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overs, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NEBVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness,
Blotches on the Skin, Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed. will Quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the World.
25c. at all Drue Stores.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <*«•*
Jaffa Museum of Anatomy
/pin!! JoEim»TST.b«t.6tk*7th, S. T. C»L
M ■ The Lsrp.stofiinkindintb-WMld.
lfpjfe 1 DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IBWIB V. . . Con,.uU»:ton tree." Wrl» for B»ok "ggfl
W I (^Philosophy of Marriagi.
A * wiuoniK..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AlffifS
QUARTERLY
REPORT.
i"|FFICE OF THE CITY AND COUNTY
*-* Auditor,
SAN FRANCISCO.- March ?1. 1898.
To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors —
Gentlemen: I have the honor to submit, in
accordance with law. my Quarterly Report for
the fiscal year 1897-98. Quarter ending the 31st
day of March. A. D. 1898. Very respectfully,
WILLIAM BRODERICK, Auditor.
DEMANDS AUDITED.
GENERAL FUND.
Advertising J B*B 87
Almshouse expenses 18,768 47
Assessment and Military Roll 546 30
Burial of Indigent Dead 696 00
City and County Attorney's Contin-
gent Expenses 168 96
City Receiving Hospital 2,555 66
City Cemetery Improvements 325 00
Coroner's Expenses 550 00
County Jail No. 2 12.747 33
County Jail No. 3 4,695 75 j
Examining Insane Persons 1,400 00
Expert Street Committee 450 00
Finance Committee's Expenses (Su-
pervisors) 1,052 50
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph
(Extension and Repairs) 3,296 72
Fire Alarm. Apparatus (Reconstruc-
tion and Repairs) 2,822 32
Fire Department, Apparatus 30,6i)7 12
Fire Department. Material 13.887 09
Fire Department, Running Expen-
ses 13,047 93
Fire Department. Relief of Disabled
Firemen 850 00 j
Fire Department, Leave pf Absence. 8,179 10 ;
Fire Department, Pensions 3,775 85 I
Fish and Game Warden 375 00 I
Gas Inspector's Expenses 450 00 !
Grand Jury Expenses 57S 78
Health Department Expenses 19,199 76
Health Department, Small Pox Hos-
pital 954 92
Health Department, Jails and Pris-
ons 395 70
Health Department, Quarantine Ex-
penses 1,748 30
Hospital Expenses 22,653 31
Horse Keeping Sheriff's Van 150 00
Interment of Deceased Ex-Union
Soldiers 750 00
Justice's Clerk and Assistant 1,470 00
Jury and Witness Fees 8.836 00
Jury Expenses in Criminal Cases... 225 00
Law Library Expenses 884 00
License Collector's Blanks, Tags and
Numbers 273 06
Mayor's Contingent Expenses 450 00
Mayor's Typewriter 180 00
Money Paid in Error and Refunded. 41$ Oo
Police Department, Rents and Re-
pairs of Stations 1.796 47
Police, Mounted 1,006 00
Police, Patrol Expenses 8.324 25
Police, Telegraph 2.277 50
Prisoners. Subsistence of 7,492 24
Public Buildings, Fuel 2,477 60
Public Buildings, Furniture and Re-
pairs 3.976 17
Public Buildings, Lighting 4.673 83
Recorder's Newspapers 5 90
Registration and Election Expenses. 9,927 87
Repairs to County Jail No. 1 166 20
Special Counsel 750 00
Taxes Refunded 25163
Urgent Necessity 9,786 21
Water for Municipal Purposes 60,349 51
Witnesses' Expenses 417 10
Salaries of City and County Officers. 164,091 37
Salaries of Police Department 176,454 91
Salaries of Fire Department 96,879 00
I Salaries of Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph 2,025 00
Court Orders, Paid by Treasurer .... 11,288 62
Total 22
SCHOOL FUND.
j Advertising S 104 00
Apparatus 4 00
Books 22104
Fuel 3.013 31
Furniture 5.455 54
Incidentals 829 40
Legal Services 500 HO
j Lights 2,675 90
I Manual Training 8790 3
Mission High School 10,0J>3 57
Permanent Improvements 3,685 27
Postage 114 80
Printing 678 88
Rents .s 1,899 50
Repairs 19,78156
Salaries of Teachers 248.065 SO
Salaries of Officers 2,697 50
Salaries of Janitors 13,99125
Salaries of Shops 1,807 50
Special School Fund 152 50
Stationery 1.641 62
Supplies 3,088 33
Telegraph Service 189 45
Water 25 50
Total j 322,414 97
SPECIAL FEE FUND.
City and County Officers' Salaries... ) 18,099 93
Printing Transcripts on Appeal 70y 20
Publishing Law and Motion Calen-
dar 600 00
Stationery, Printing, Blanks, etc — 6,193 IS
Bookbinding 300 00
Total » 24,90t 32
STREET DEPARTMENT FUND.
Accepted Streets $ 57.285 82
Cleaning Streets and Sewers 28,179 75
Public Squares, Improvements 14,137 10
Repairs of Streets in front of City
Property 3,848 27
Repairs of Streets in front of U. S.
Property 1,515 85
Repairs of County Roads 4,146 75
Sweeping Streets 33,051 61
Total S 122,165 15
SUNDRY FUNDS.
Disinterment Fund $ 600 00
Duplicate Tax Fund 280 98
Exempt Firemen's Relief Fund 2,979 00
Library Fund 18,421 6S
New City Hall Fund 11,467 53
Overpayment Personal Property
Taxes Fund 572 54
Park Improvement Fund 44.126 17
Police Contingent Fund 972 20
Police Relief and Pension Fund 6,202 50
Pound Fee Fund 300 00
Public Building Fund 15,930 58
Robinson Bequest Interest Fund 2,255 00
Street Light Fund 18,143 77
Teachers' Institute Fund 343 20
INTEREST ACCOUNTS.
City Hall Construction Bonds 1,995 00
Dupont Street Widening Bonds 25.140 00
SINKING FUNDS.
City Hall Construction Bonds 2*5.420 00
Park Improvement Ronds. 1872-73... 3.000 <Hj
Park Improvement Bonds, 1874-75 — 13,000 00
Total $ 197450J9
RECAPITULATION OF DEMANDS AU-
DITED.
General Fund $ 740,289 22
School Fund 322,414 97
Special Fee Fund 24,902 32
Street Department Fund 122.165 15
Sundry Funds 197,150 19
Total $1,406.921 85
DEMANDS OUTSTANDING MARCH 81.
1898.
General Fund $ 285,344 42
Disinterment Fund 200 00
Duplicate Tax Fund 91 72 j
Exempt Firemen's Relief Fund 990 00 j
Free Public Library Fund 136 45
New City Hall Fund 138 42 1
Nineteenth Street Extension Fund... 6 87 I
Park Improvement Fund 12,004 18 I
Police Relief and Pension Fund 119 50 I
Pound Fee Fund 75 00 I
School Fund 2,854 80
Public Building Fund 370 CO
Special Fee Fund 8.727 95
Street Department Fund 2,452 97
Teachers' Institute Fund 9 55
Total $311,521 83
PROOF.
Demands Outstanding December 31,
1897 $333,324 80
Demands Audited During Quarter... 1,406,921 85
Total $^740,246 65 J
Demands paid during quarter $1,428,724 S2
Demands outstanding March 31, 1898. 311.521 83 '
Total $1,740,246 65
TREASURER'S ACCOUNT. ~~
Receipts during Quarter Ending March 31,
1898. at credit of the following Funds and ac-
counts:
GENERAL FUND.
From Taxes $ 195,258 99
Fines and Forfeitures in Police
Court No. 1 1,200 37
Fines and Forfeitures in Police
Court No. 2 1,800 00 '
Fines and Forfeitures in Police
Court No. 3 3,393 75
Fines and Forfeitures in Police
Court No. 4 1,486 00
Fines and Forfeitures In Superior
Court 15 00
Health Office Receipts 113 00
Licenses, City and County 94,214 00
Licenses. Municipal 21,704 50
Quarantine Fees 470 no
Rents of City and County Property.. 225 00
Sheriff, for Subsistence of U. S.
Prisoners 1,089 80
City and County Attorney, Costs of
Satisfaction of Judgments 6 65
Clerk of Board of Supervisors. Pro-
ceedß from Sanitary Reduction
Works 140-21
Treasurer, Burial Expenses col-
lected 4 00
Total „ , $321,121 27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL FEE FUND.
From Auditor $ 8 00
Clerk of Board of Supervisors 11 10
Clerk of Justices' Court 6,144 75
Coroner 375
County Clerk 15,922 25
License Collector 8.590 00
I Recorder 7,615 90
Sheriff 1,44168
Tax Collector 72 50
Total v ...$ 39.809 93
DISINTERMENT FUND.
From Removal Permits % 110 00
LIBRARY FUND.
From Taxes...' } 4,051 34
Fines 355 00
Returns from Advertising . 77 00
Total; ..; _ $4.483 34
NEW CITY HALL FUND/
From Taxes .'. .....% 178 21
PARK IMPROVEMENT FUNdT~
From Taxes ; 16,043 91
Frocerds of Children's Quarters 250 00
Rent of Boat House ■ 150 00
Fines .-. is (vi
Pound Fee ....1........"**" MOO
Total .$ 16.508 91
POLICE RELIEF 4 AND PENSION FUND.
From Contributions of O/ficers $ 4 472 00
Fines of Officers .III". ' 160 00
Fines . and j Forfeitures in Polloe
Courts 1.351 3S
Total ........'.... % 5.983 38
"'" ""-" ■ ■
ROBINSON'S BEQUEST INTEREST FUND.
! From Interest Received % 660 00
SCHOOL FUND. ~~~~ ~~
From Taxes • m<m -la
1 Rent of Lincoln School l^oia".'.'.'.'.'.'.. 12 258 SO
; Rent of Sundry School Lots 2107 00
; Sale of Old Material ... 3175
State of California 446,794 80
Total' $ 501.127 53
-'■-' ",.■•"•"■ -
STREET DEPARTMENT FUND.
From Taxes « -£ '70 m
j Licenses on Vehicles '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 8,573 7|
Total "...'....;........■. ...J 46,943 79
. . .• . ...,., — — ;
5 tL *-■«» STREET LIGHT FUND.
From Taxes .$ 23,127 0<
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE FUND
From Fees »__li?° M
INTEREST ACCOUNTS. '
City Hall Construction Bonds—
From Taxes : . 44001
Dupont Street. Widening Bonds— '
From Taxes „- ..
Park Improvement Bonds— *"
From Taxes 1,236 71
Total ••••• j I.BU 9i
SINKING FUNDS. ~~
City Hall Construction Bonds—
From Taxes ..: • 2231*4
Dupont-street Widening Bonds-
From Taxes _ 96 f*
; Park Improvement Bonds, 1874-75—'
From Taxes fi7R 1*
I Loans Returned '.'.'.'.'."' 13 000 00
Interest Received I.!!!.;.".*.!...;.:!! 600 40
Total % 16,607 00
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. ..
i From Taxes « m ,-, „
! Tax Collector - Collection of' "poll
Ci ty and " County-FoV ' " Whittfer " Re- M°° ■
City and County— For Whittler Re-
j form School 618 55
Ci *\ and T County — For" Preston
School of Industry .- 297 05
Total % 134.366 U,
RECAPITULATION OF RECEIPTS"
j General Fund 5321 121 '7
I Special Fee Fund 89,808 93
School Fund- 501.127 63
Street Department Fund 4« 943 76
Sundry Funds 69.669 81
State of California » ■ 134,366 11
Total $1,113,038 41
Payments during quarter ending March ~31~
1898, at debit of the following Funds and Ac-
i counts:
I Disinterment Fund i.....S 600 00
Duplicate Tax Fund.. < 266 43
Exempt Firemen's Relief Fund 2 985 00
General Fund 738.607 08
I Library Fund ....: ; 18 329 S
New City Hall Fund 12 257 ;3
I Park Improvement Fund.. 919 08
■ Police Contingent Fund 972 '0
! Police Relief and Pension Fund 6 202 60
■ Pound Fee Fund , W5 00
i Public Building Fund .'„ 15,810 58
j Robinson Bequest Interest Fund... 2 265 00
i School Fund 322,46191
Street Department Fund 121208 33
; Street Light Fund 45*035 s«
; Special Fee Fund ; ■ 24 824 07
I Teachers' Institute Fund ; '636 65
Overpayment Personal Property '
Taxes Fund 57254
INTEREST ACCOUNTS.
j City Hall Construction Bonds 1 »95 01
: Dupont Street Widening Bonds 28,140 00
SINKING FUNDS.
J City Hall Construction Bonds 28 420 00
! Park improvement Bonds, 1872-73.... 3.000 00
I Park Improvement Bonds, 1874-75.... 13,000 00
Total n. 428, 724 hi
j Cash on hand March 31, 1898. at credit of
I the following Funds and Accounts:
General Fund $ 232 204 65
Special Fee Fund 12 385 74
School Fund 101,013 53
Public Building Fund 243 790 S3
Street Department Fund 88 763 S3
Park Improvement Fund 21 865 11
New City Hall Fund.. 47,027 67
I Library Fund 21!775 10
i Street Light Fund 78 %i 05
! Police Contingent Fund 2)697 55
I Police Relief and Pension Fund 11 225 44
: Disinterment Fund 2 310 00
Exempt Firemen's Relief Fund 3,983 45
Teachers' Institute Fund 1944 34
Duplicate Tax Fund io]s9l 35
Potrero Avenue Extension Fund 37193
j Nineteenth Street Extension Fund.. 246 77
I Overpayment Personal Property
\ Taxes Fund 6,048 57
Robinson Bequest Fund.. ' 50 00
j Pacific Railroad Interest Tax Ac-
i count . 35 00
I Coupons— Bonds, 1874 80 00
I Coupons— Park Improvement Bonds. 5,818 63
Coupons— House of Correction Bonds. 35 00
Coupons— City Hall Construction
Bonds 3.648 7»
Coupons — Dupont Street Widening
Bonds 19,989 38
Sinking - Fund— Park . Improvement
Bonds, 1574-75 10 643 27
Sinking Fund— Hall Construc-
tion Bonds 2,450 03
Sinking Fund— Dupont Street Widen-
ing Bonds 19,157 03
State of California 135,128 59
Total .•:..' $1.082.592 44
_V> BALANCE. ~
Cash on hand December 31. 1897 $1,398,278 85
Receipts during quarter 1,113 038 41
Total ....*....\... $2.511,317 2.8
I Payments during quarter $1,428,724 S3 ♦
I Cash on hand March 31, 1898 1.082,592 44
' Total $2,511.317 gj
Loan from Sinking Fund • outstand- ~ ~
ing Sinking Fund, Park Improve- :■-'-» '-:•'.
ment Bonds 1874-75 $72,900 to
TRANSFERS. ~
From General Fund—
I To Police Relief and Pension Fund $4,167 60
! . To Police Contingent Fund 3,000 00
I To Exempt Firemen's Relief Fund. 4,950 00
] From School Fund : .
I To Public Building Fund... 200,000 00
I To Sinking Fund Park Improve-
| ment Bonds 1874-75: 100,000 00
I From Sinking Fund Park Improve-
ment Bonds 1874-75—
To Sinking Fund Park Improve-
ment Bonds 1872-73 ............;. • 243 94
From Police Relief and Pension
Fund- . .:*<(;
To General Fund 4,300 to
From Special Fee Fund—'
To General Fund.... 14,000 oft
From 'Sinking Fund Park Improve-
ment Bonds 1874-75— . *
To School Fund 100,000 09
Total ...........;. ...' ..' $430.667 44
' STATE •: OF CALIFORNIA. . • :
I Cash on hand December 31. 1897 $ 762 48
; Taxes received during quarter 133,387 58
i Poll Taxes received during quarter.. 63 00
Maintenance of Juveniles at Whit-
tier Reform 5ch001.;...'.............. 618 55
Maintenance of • Juveniles ; at . Pres-
ton School or Industry 297 00
Balance on hand March 31. 1898.. $135,128 59
if ii i^! ill 1 w wi?"*Sitl : jL^ T^^is
riVtlilurligsE&ffil
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.', cured By •
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
V»«rU, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUCIERA & CO.
SOLD KY ALL DRUGGISTS ;.,
''.^^fek&il Pis ** ' 9 * non-poisonoua
< '^Br'^^ln r " me dy for (locorrhfjea,
j£syttGitF.^*iSm Gleet, Sperinatorrhcea,
fj£&4¥ in 1 tos.i»T».^l whitps. unnatural dig-
[&}£.*/ Go»r»nweil \J charges, or any iaflamma-
awjj not to stricter?, lion, irritation or ulcera-
1" "4preTmts coDi»jion. tion of tiucoui mem-
X%VHeEVANS ChEM!P»i.Co. br.ws. Non-astringent.
igHkciNCINNATI.O.SHSI Soid by DrussUts,
Sfltfl^. c. s. a iH or Bent in plain wrapper,
2v?Scl^ JtßT*i& P7^. cl res *i Prepaid, for
rJßßßniijTi IS 11.I 1 .- 00 - - or 3 bottle*. $2.73.
*^BsSP F * ■ Circular nut «a xa^aait.
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27. 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 6. Article XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
•ARTICLE I-BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLE LEGISLATIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE* III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds,
r Chapter lll— The Custody •of Publlo
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter Mayor. ,
Chapter ll— Auditor. .. .v .
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector. i,
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter County Clerk. •
Chapter Vl— Sheriff. *
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter VIII— Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Snapfer vTh^K £& *$&£&
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
• B s o c rors fEducation -
Education mm PP ° Wer3 of the Board of
Chapter of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue md defend in all
courts and places and in all matters
and proceedings; may have anl use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out th» purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, Aith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code r>f California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municip. Mty and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover: of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or eqult: , or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
6hall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk j
etreet, avenue, lane, alley, court or I
place, or by reason of the defective :
condition of any sewer, or by reason of i
any defective drainage, whether any of j
said defects originally existed, or I
whether they were occasioned by con- |
etruction, excavation or embankment, ]
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person cr prop- |
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue, '
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
gence such defect remains unrepaired
Ehall be Jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus- i
tamed.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTEK I.
The Board of Supervisors.
BECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co eha!! be vested In a legislative body.
Which ehall be designated, the Board of
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CI\IL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUa
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in" this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors j
Ehall consist of eighteen members, all !
of whom shall hold office for two years, I
and shall be elected from the City and :
County at large. Each one must be at '
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
; been such for at least five years next \
'. preceding his election. Each Supervis- j
or shall receive an annual salary of ;
i twelv > hunJred doll:~s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and Countj\ so long j
! as he remains a resident thereof, shall j
j be entitled to a seat in the Board of !
; Supervisors and to participate in its I
I debates, but shall^not be entitled to a
j vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
I of the Board shall constitute a quorum, !
I but a less number may adjourn from !
' day to day and compel the attendance
! of absent members in such manner and
j under such penalties as the Board may
! prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arma
| and, when authorized to do so by ordi
! nance, such additional clerks and other
| assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish Its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day bea '
legal holiday, then on the next day. j
The Board shall not adjourn to any |
other place than to its r 'ar place of I
meeting, except in case of great neces- '
Bity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to i
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grunts and other documents, j
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco us follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the j
names of the members voting for and '
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to itr- title but the ordinance to I
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
Bhall be void only as to so much there- !
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon Its j
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
final passage In the Board xnd fails to
pass, and a motion Is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to Its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific Improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
h idred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces-
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or items
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Etch item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving: it. If he approve
it he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
It he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above, specified, it pball take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fpct as if it had been approved by the
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and nops and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted in
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mnvor for is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide', for th~ passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing: the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cented) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. * rr "".ie-. r there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fl_te:n per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be subr ..ted
to a vote of th electors or h? City and
County, the Board rf Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the electors -t
the next election.
The sigr .tures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each Pinner shall add to his signature
his place of r -idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall i ake oath be
fore an officer competent L o admin, ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast x. >en
such ordinar «c shall be in fa 'or of the
adoption there< •, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
c'aim such fa^' : nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinanr >
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may suh.-n't
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for v_)te at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall oe repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except ag otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every orflinan-e in solving the
granting by the City and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the least r sale of any
public utility, or for thepurchaseof land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the v< «:e
of the elect- s of th City and County
at the election next ensu'.ng after the
adoption of ruch oruinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (statin* t-.e nature of
the proposed ordl nee) and
"AGATNST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ins the nature o. the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
Fiioh ordinance shall he in favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Ele Jon
Commissioners shall, within thir'y
days from tl * time of such election,
proclaim such fact; and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
tho same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or eale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be ol any force or effect ex
cept it te mad" by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in th's section provided.
Bee. 22. Whonrver there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
sljrn d by .-. number of voters equal
! fifteen per centum of the votes cag l - at
[.the last preceding State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendmc.o t this Charter, to be set
| out in such petition, be submits \ to
thf> people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
, County the proposed amendment or
i amendments.
The signatures to the petition need j
not all be appended to one paper. Each :
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
tCT3 an oi ~er competent to administer
oaths that the rstateme-.ts made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appenue* Is the gen- ">e
signature of the person whose name
purports to be there'.o subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other eem i of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject In
this section provided for are hereby ex
: pressly made applicable to such pro-
I posed amendment or amendments. But I
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
i then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc + he
vote of the electors of the Cfty and
j County at the election which next en
| sues after such petition is filed with the
| Supervisors, if any such election is not
| to be held within sixty days after the
tiling of such petition.
| ln e. tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments ohall
be in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such ele:t!on, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor* igly.
CHAPTEB 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions In
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1- To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws anl regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of r.-.Hfornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~ unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower ptreet railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit t- impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden bur ngs or structures r.hall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide to. the abatement rr
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
T. To regulate the use of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ar.d to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggEge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all nece~ -~y rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and person charged
with insanity, separate and ?part from
places whore criminals or persons r.c
cused of public offenses are Imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain rid regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sowers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance In the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use cf v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To Impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C"
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars In any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on convic'lon of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof co any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Ciurt, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon Inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards njt exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, bonrds and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that tL
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
1 25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
; tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
; street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
; and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or Incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use -of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. To convey lands In accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the uce of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors i
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee, j
The Committee shall investigate the j
transactions and accounts of all officers
haying the collection, custody or dls- i
bursement of public money, or having j
the power to approve, allow, or audit j
demands on the treasury; shall have i
free access to any records, books and i
papers in all public offices; shall have j
power to administer oaths and afflrma- '
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by j
subpena. The Committee may at any ,
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and in\estiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once In
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of ac.ount of any and all per-
BOisr companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee sha* 1 be deemed sufficient.
The Committee keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. G. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, It shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before aiy further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a furtlier statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
In lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the grosß
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use. operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
! in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad- |
vertisement, conditioned that such bid- j
der will well and truly observe, fulfill j
and perform each and all of the condi- j
tions, terms and obligations of the j
franchise for which said application ;
was made in case the same shall be i
awarded to him, and that in case of \
the breach of any of the conditions of j
such bond, the whole amount of the ;
penal sum therein named shall be taken !
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the '
expiration of the time stated in such '
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids end award the franchise to |
the person, company or corporation of- j
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or j
enjoyment of the franchise for which ,
such application was made. But no \
award shall be made, nor any such ap
■plication granted, unless the stated !
percentage offered to be paid for the j
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years, j
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as In this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises j
must b? In accordance wi.h the provls- i
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Public Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors -nay reject any j
and all bida, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for j
which application was made. ""!-. cry i
ordinance making such grant shall re- !
quire the concurrence of three-fourths of j
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It i
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all j
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re-
Quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the i
Supervisors, that the per centum of the j
gross receipts of the railway shall be j
paid into the treasury on or before the :
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and :
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
ita stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of |
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof, ;
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall Impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
eelptfl. All moneys received for such i
franchises and In payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay- i
ment of a percentage of gross receipts, i
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the ;
charges of any person, company or cor- I
poration using, enjoying or possessing •
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street <
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of i
the property reverting to it by reason I
of such expiration in the operation of i
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant-
Ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no '
ordinance r.uthorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise, i
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provls- !
ions of this section shall be in force \
from and after the expiration of thirty \
days from the date of Its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
Its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County i
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in Its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion i
of the canvass of the vote thereon, :
proclaim such fact, and upon such <
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made In accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six j
months after the occurrence from \
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re- I
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER IH.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary artl- !
cles for hospitals, prisons, public Insti
tutions and other departments not 6th- j
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for |
not less than ten days in the official j
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
oiher necessary articles will be needed ;
by the City and County for the ensuing ;
year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions in this Charter provided
: as to competitive bidding for suppliea
' are strictly followed, and no contract
! shall be made for any of the same un
l less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
| with a certificate of deposit or certified
j check on a solvent bank in the City
I and County of ten per centum on th»
! amount of the bid, payable at sight to
j the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
! tract is awarded shall for five days af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
i due on such certificate of deposit or
! check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
i such defaulting: bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
! said articles in general and shall state
! that the conditions and schedule may
! be found in the office of the Clerk of
i the Board of Supervisors; and snail
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any article
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lo^^t
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, tne
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, ana tne
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. Ihe
Supervisors shall require bonds wttn
sufficient sureties for the * al £ 1 I f ul r Per l "
formance of every contract. The ClerK
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated In the
advertisement for proposals, in tne
presence of all bidders who attend, ana
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person In char-- of the of
fice institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor In the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for worK
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and" any officer who shall siern tne
same shall be deemed guilty of m sfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually In like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper In the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been In existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
Inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. Tso
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or W^d of
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list.
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising Is made shall be
known and designated as the official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books ancl the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho^e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consp^Mtlvely numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such Period,
and the amount cf the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments aa re
quired.
He shall keep accounts In detail,
charging himsel? with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall Issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved bj r the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and c'elivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. A..y officer of the City and
County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed \y any other
bidder, or w". i shall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
Information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder in regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality Inferior
to that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to the re
ceipt of %_greater amount or differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for In
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con- •■
tracts must be countersigned by the j
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract |
awarded to him or to perform the same, !
new bids must be invited, and a con- !
tract awarded as provided herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis- !
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
Interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and cause
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised.
Sec, 8. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract j
to pay for gas, electric lipht or any 11- I
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and Fhall specify the amount j
of gas, electric light or Illuminating
material consumed In such building
during the month.
ARTICLE IH.
FINANCB AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I.
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION L On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, ofnoes, boardß and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti- !
mate In writing of the amount of ex- j
penditure, specifying: in detail the ob-
Jectfl thereof, required in their respec- ■
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
\he salaries of their subordinates. Dv- j
. plicates of these estimates shall be
sent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b.fore the first Monday ;
of May In each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate j
of the probable expenditures of the j
City and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the j
amount required to meet the Interest '
and sinking funds for all outstanding I
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also j
an estimate of the amount of Income
from fines, licenses and other sources
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re- j
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Seo. 8. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and tho first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to \
my the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit->- and County j
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The ;
budget shall be prepared in such de- |
tail as to the aeprearate sum and the |
Items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the i
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient 'ime or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
heard in regard thereto, and the Super- !
visors shall attend at the time or times J
so appointed for Fuch hearlm r
Pec, 4. Any item in said budget may.
within ten days, be vetoed In whole or
In part by the Mayor, and It shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon
must be taken before the ?ast Monday
of June.
After the final estimate Is made In
scnvdance herewith. It shall be signed
by the Mayor and the clerk of the Su
pervisors, and V. several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuing
flcr-nl year to the several purposes and
departments therein name' 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed In the office of the
Auditor.
Pec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax, the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
celved from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
per. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided In this Charter, no money shall ;
be drawn from the treasury unless in !
consequence of appropriations made
r»y the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Fee. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
See. 8. The Ruper-'«ors mar appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for w— law. No money
shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of r!1 the members of the Board of
Pupervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 9. Tt shall not he lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any boßrd. depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, authi rlze or ormtrart liabili
ties Rgalnst the treasury, to Incur, au
thorize, allow, contrn^t for, pny or ren
der payable In the present or future. In
any one month, .any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, ■which, taken with all other
expenditures. Indebtedness or liability
made or incurred ur> to th<» time tn
puch month of making or Incurring the
name, shall excepd one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
"When any board, department or offi
cer havlner to Incur liabilities
aealnst the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such agreement by number and date,
and all demands arlnlnpr under such
agreement shall he payable In the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must Inform the
person with whom it is proposed to
make such a-reement of the amount of
money available or likely tn >»« avail
able In the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If, at the beginning of any month,
a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during 1 the pre
ceding month, nuch unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except In payment of
claims lawfully Incurred ' during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet th» expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments; and for urgent necessities,
jshall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben-
ted. shall be binding or of any force,
unlesß the Auditor shall indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended -and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished. Involving
the expenditure *". **••»« '—n '"">'
dred and fifty dollars, unless "the same
Is required by law to be done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every such . contract so
presented to him, if there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully j
performed. The Auditor shall furnish !
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June In each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to he levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
durinp the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the Interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars 1 valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors In making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the Income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other source*;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 18. The limitation In section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply In case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered In the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as Its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the Income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They \
shall from time to time provide for the ,
payment of the Interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au- |
thorize the disbursement of all public i
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided In this Charter.
Sec 16. At the close of each fiscal
year. If all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad- !
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct j
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus j
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the Beveral interest I
and sinking funds. In the Common j
School Fund, In the Park Fund, the Li- |
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen- j
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds ;
the disposition of whose surplus moneys i
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER U.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid Into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept In separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same In payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the Jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneyscom
lng Into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used In
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
X. All moneys paid Into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon - s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise provided
In this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal year In any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond Issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to Its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUKTT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected Income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
I shall be paid out of such dei.-.quent
t revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund is applicable,
which are not reueemable before their
maturity, It shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
In such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was. awarded. No bid
for the surrender of 'any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and Interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTEB 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION L All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fine*, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited In the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec, 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or Indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, oommisslon, per-
I centage, allowance, or other eompensa-
I tion authorized by law to be charged,
I received, or collected by any officer for
j any official service, must be paid by the
I officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer In the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It Bhall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
! celve or co.Uect any fee, commission,
I percentage, allowance, or compensation
I for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
I reason of any official duty or employ
j ment. to deliver the same to the Treas-
I urer at the expiration of each business
! day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
| deliver to such officer a receipt for the
i money so paid, which shall show the
i amount. of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
j the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneyß In a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which Is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds In
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money bo
received.
Sec. 5. The Audltqr or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound Into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding In
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, In whoso custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec, 6. When a receipt as herein
provided Is Issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge Is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt Is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt Is
delivered to h-lm, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt Is attached.
Sec. S. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing: month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining In his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts lßsued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
Issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sectk.-ns eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law, and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer-from the "Unappor
tloned Fee Fund" tne amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount bo ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the AudltOT a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled In making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor Bhall examine such statement,
and Issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and In pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath erf such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
waa performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of, the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person waa so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and If he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person bo
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements unon the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the In
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, falls to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay Into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days .-.fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per oentum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account Jn any suit
therein is prlma facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, Including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers In the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if It be a demand
which must be passed »nd approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, -within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is In all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but It shall
be barred In the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank aa of the day of its revival.
ABTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTEB I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold offlr>°
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollaio.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees Bhall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner In
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City ;
and County are observed and enforced. !
He shall have a general supervision j
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the .po
lice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid In the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or Is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and Information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor chall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for In this
Charter or by law. When a vn.cancy
occurs in any office, and provision Is
not otherwise made In this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the une^plred term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor la temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. W f hen a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexplred term
by the Supervisors.-
CHAPTEB JX
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Audifor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shalj
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports In the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor In favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
! County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
i and County to be sworn before him
I touching such account or claim, and
| when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
' the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
I subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon It the word "Allowed," wtth the
name of the fund out of which It is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless It specify each spe
cial Item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining Its legality.
CHAPTER IH.
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annua.l salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tlcn for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual- sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars an<l
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit th 1
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his persona!
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At tne close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter In the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly In the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a Joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds In the Joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
clal bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept In the safe a Joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor •- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kent in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced dally at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two recelnts for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and datod. and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into -vhat fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money Into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
■write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless It specify rnrh
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any departmpnt. board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
Its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Evenr lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be na id unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on -^"ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canceled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each da
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of oriartnat
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed." and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provision* of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV ( <
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. Ha
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receiva
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receiva
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who Bhall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary o-f eighteen hundred. dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receiva
an annual salary of twelve hundred,
dollars; and during fo-ur months of tha
year not more than one hundred clerka
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ*
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of tha
State.
CHAPTER V,
The Tax Collector.
SECTION L There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and.
County at the time of his election ana
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. Ha
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
i year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
ect all licenses which may at any timn
■ required by law or ordinance to b«
iliected within the City and County.
C shall be charged with all taxes lev
■! upon real and personal property
:hin the City and County, upon th»
r.al settlement to be made by him ac
ordlng to law, or this Charter. H«
. '.all pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac»
| count, the full amount of all taxea, as
• ssments and moneys received by him.
: and not previously paid over. Includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
, money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and bs
j debtor to the City and County for, the
; full amount of all taxes due upon th«
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
: faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
I to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and gold
i therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
1 point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com-,
ptmsation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
; percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
jcovered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and In making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed In the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and If such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may b«
revoked forthwith by the Tax Colleo
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tlm«
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and th© Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
lft-enses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
c^f making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VL
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be s Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall bo
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Svnervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a ehl f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of:
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the people and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six nundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall b*
paid a greater compensatior at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Bee. 2. The Recorder shall take lnt«his custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seai of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each,
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, ar.d sha.il number consecutively
all Instruments and documents filed In
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general lawa
cf the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an~ County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions anu proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall ea-h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services Including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTEB IL
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and vv..o shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice In all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been &o qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha.. devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He muta prosecute and de- i
fend for the City and County all ac- '
tlons at law or in equity, and all spe- I
cial proceedings for or against th.c City !
and County; and whenever any cause !
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin ■- exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the 6ame when within his knowledge. :
and !f not within his knowledge, when '
directed to do so by resolution of the '
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad- ■
vice, In writing, to all officers, boards \
and commissions named in this Char- I
ter, when requested so to do by them, !
or either of them, in writing, upon !
questions arising In their separate de- j
partments Involving the rights or lia- '
bllitles of the Clt- ai.d County. He j
shall not Bettle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ-
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b • the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used In causes wherein he
appears; and hound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County Is interested.
Spo. 4. Tie rhall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, itatutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County, to his successor in office,
who shall "lva him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
Bhall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clprk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk -who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual Salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual saJary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the 'chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been *o qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offlcea at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTEB IH.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for ;.t least five years nefct
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Bee. 2. The District Attorney shall !
have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties Imposed !
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and In addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He f^all draw all complaints !
and warrants In said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer; file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him In his official j
capacity durir- the preceding three i
months: keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a '
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating. to the duties of their re
spective offices. « ■
Pee. 3. He may appoint seven Asslst
snt District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of j
whom shall act as prosecutors in the i
Superior Court, and shall each receive i
an annual salary pi thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such prosecut-
Ing attorneys In the Police Court an?
not actually engaged In work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall he
at th«» call of the District Attorney for
any sen-ice connected with his depart
ment. The nssistants must each, nt the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified. far at
least two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
•J*Q' appoint oca chief clerk, who shall j
receive an annual saJary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; ajid one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under Judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTEB IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State In full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTEB V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and In addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
CourL He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTEB VL
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive :
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa- !
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two. six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine j
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch \
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol- I
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by h'.s depu
ties.
CHAPTEB VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION L The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTEB VIH.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
j known as the Police Court of the City
| and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall conßlst of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They si all each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
I of the City and County at the time of
i their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart-,
mer.t Number Three and Department
I Number Four. The Judges of such
! Court may hold as many sessions of the
I Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from theirnumbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
j preside in any of the departments in
I the absence or inability of the Judge
! regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco BhaJl
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— S«,ld Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now <w
CHABTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings In said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third— Any person who shall solicit
or Importune any of said Judges, either
before or after Judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done In open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth— A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char- j
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer j
Is sustained. , [
Fifth— A defendant In custody shall |
have the right to be tried before a de- j
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be j
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible, j
and must refuse continuances after the j
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a Judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be j
present at the "sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases |
coming before it, and make out all j
complaints and warrants for the arrest j
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted In said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall j
appoint a Warrant and Pond Clerk j
v ho ehall receive a salary of twenty- j
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time j
of his appointment qualified to practice !
in all the Courts of this State. The I
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall ke»p his >
offce open continuously night and day j
tor the transaction of business; shall I
draw complaints in actions In the Po- j
1 1 o e Court, and approve the same with j
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taker* In the Police Court; shall j
examine the sufficiency of every bail j
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion. In the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond]
Cierk of the City and County of San I
Francisco, have examined the within j
bond and find it good in law. I have !
examined the records of the City and i
County of San Francisco, and find the !
property. Its owners and incumbranees j
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when j
it was issued by him, or when it came j
into his possession. He may issue bail j
bonds and appeal bonds when the Ha- j
bility thereof docs not exceed two thou
sand dollar?, and order the discharge i
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued: and he may take
cash bail to the extent In any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all j
moneys received as bail In the manner i
that the County Clerk la required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 8. In the matter of fixing ball
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court In the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to j
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints",
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court In which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either fn person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock In the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of ball;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Bee. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court
Sec. 15. The Polic« Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held In the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedings pending In said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTEB IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary,
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
Judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
Increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the F*me to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ABTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER L
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart- j
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their !
time during official business hours to '
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he ;
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint |
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such j
appointments shall be so made that not j
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
a. pointment as such Commissioner un- ;
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an '
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to 6erve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be iixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes In
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except thatwhich is named
In the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The jjoard shall keep and
preserve a record of all Its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediatel>
after Its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
toolß, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to the
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence at
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity witn
the ordinances of the Supervisors, 'for
the moving of buildings through th«
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light-
Ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during Its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Eoard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grant
permits for or allow the permanent en.
croachment upon any sidewalk of anj
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
, thereto or to the drainage of the City
' and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling, of
) all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
1 boulevards, and the lighting of th»
! same and the lighting of the parks,
■ squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors ana
employees as are needed for such pur-
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction In the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
! partments, including all school houses
j and fire-department buildings, and the
' repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
■ City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
' the collection and disposal of street
i refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
] designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
1 City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
' company or corporation desires to have
! opened or torn up the roadway of any
1 street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
'• written application shall be made to
i the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
i upon make an estimate o- tht expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening ortear
; ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
I Board of Public Works which shall
! thereupon pay the same into the Gene
! ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
j open or tear u^ sa.d street, lane, alley,
' place or court as in said application re
j quested, and shall at the proper time
' restore such 6treet, lane, alley, place or
| court to as good a condition as it was :
lln before said opening or tearing up.
! Contracts f r the* doing cf suca work
by the Board may be let by it in the j
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
; Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
i more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be Indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
j stitute a lien upon the property of
; such person, company or corporation.
1 Said lien shall remain in force until
! such balance has been paid, or until
: the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
! cordance with the provisions of the
* Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
I California. If the expense of such
work has been X s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con- j
stitute a claim in favor of such person, |
: company or corporation, against the J
' City and County, and as such shall be \
■ presented, approved and paid as other
I claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
I estimates required by the Supervisors
! in connection with any public improve
| ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
! pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
j Civil Engineer of not less than five
! years' practical experience as such,
I who shall be designated the City En
! gineer. He shall hold his office at the
j pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
' prosecution of the public works and
i improvements done under the direction
j and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
j directed to do by said Board or by the
j Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power In the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun-
I ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
I all plats, surveys and certificates made
|by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
1 ors. No Btreet assessment shall be val
lid without his certificate as to the
! quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Seo. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
i pensation except his salary. The
i Board shall by resolution establish
! fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
j change and adjust the same. Said En
i gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermln
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
In case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken In all cases In the matter
iof the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
-for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file In the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
6ham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
Indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put In a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or Interlineation It
shall not be received or considered by
i the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an*
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be- considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed In, more than one bid for the same
work* If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear In which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice Inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named In the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
flic Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and pablicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
| period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
| bids, and must reject the bid of any
! party who has been delinquent or un
! faithful in any former contract with
! the City and County, and all bids oth
! er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding: to the bids so re-
Je ted. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
pealed proposals as in the first in
! stance.
The check accompanying: the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. IS. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, In nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment distrlot, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter Into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen dayß after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Board
shall aarain advertise for proposals as
in the first Instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which It shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract-
Ing party. All contracts shall be signed
in triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings ehall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by tha
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for tha
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, tha
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, Is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to tha
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he ia
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the Cit-' and County In hl3
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not do*
linquent. ,
The contract shall specify the tima
within which. the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified In the notice inviting pro*
posals therefor. Upon the rerommer
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for Its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Publia
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memocra
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within tha
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as hs herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, In the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be mad 9
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the 1 specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and,
also, that In no case, except where It
Is otherwise provided In this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liablft
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work* shall have been
completed to the satisfaction end ac
ceptance of the Board, It shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon th«
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER H. <i\
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, trhall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleyg,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tn^ Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an on nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense ia to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Publio
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and In
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street Improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of Bald
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street Intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or crowing: will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots sn to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec, 3. Before recommending: to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or Improvement, the expense of which
or any part thereof. Is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
Its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution-
Upon the passage thereof tha Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed In the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next precediner fiscal
year as being owner nf land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated Improvement, at point*
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three In all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" In let
ters of not less than two Inches in
length, and shall In legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolutlop, its date, and, briefly, tha
work of Improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority «i
the frontage of the proi rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, :hoae ownlnfxr.ore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
fiate of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making
Bald improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, us aforesaid, ahall
meanwhile petition for the same to be j
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front-
Ing on eaid proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
Buperficial urea of the district, shall
make written objections to the
saina within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at Its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing Eaid objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post < 'ttice at tho City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shaJl hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and if said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued aa
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provld
» ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
»- assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings In relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
ehall Btate In what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention get «ut the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of Intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
Bhall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
/ district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to tho extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and bo on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
— Its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
Bhall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area In square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to the
work or Improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered Into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
©r with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in Baid contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
eons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and j
where there Is more than one contractor
each contractor Bhall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
, Board shall make an assessment to
► cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified In said contract
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not Invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
in part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against 6aid per
son, company or corporation, for Its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a Hen upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec 8. The expense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for aa
follows:
First— TheClty and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross-
Ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of Ihe same, and all repairs and Im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b, OX all work done la front of. or
that may be assessed to, property I
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. uf all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling; and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shail be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks ad^cent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept In order by any person,
j company, or corporation, having rall
i road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
game property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district aa hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specirically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion .sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
i ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lota in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
j fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the ncrt
crossing or intersection, or to the end
! of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shail be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
I place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, ir it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fsonting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for Intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
! Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed Its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading Inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
' full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
I the City Engineer setting forth the
j number of cubic yards of cutting and
I filling made by him or them in said
! grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file Baid
certificate In the office of the Board.
! Raid certificate shall be recorded in a
properly Indexed book kept for that
purpose In the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
Interest, shall be entitled to credit on th»>
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
blo yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named In the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade aa chang d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and I
proportionately assessed for the whole
of Eaid grading. The Board shall in
clude In the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade j
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set fort* In any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would bo required for
eradlng thereto, and shall enter corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AISTD COUNTY OF SAN FRAISTCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting 5 the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in 1 excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their - successors in
interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided In subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or. owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include In the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
lor the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
Is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Publlo Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon ' the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for In section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before It passes a resolution of its.in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned- by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless • sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ing of any warrant, assessment and,
diagram, all persons interested In said,
aysf Ksment shall be deemed to have no
tice of the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
hi delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant Bald
actor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
Judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render such judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
the lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ille
gality, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
! any such assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in Eleven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Board for
another assessment to be Issued in con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make and deliver to
I said applicant a new assessment, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land sot out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined. :
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt I the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their' agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or i his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed. ?. ' • -"
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of , Public Works .within thirty
days after its-date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by : the contractor or
his assigns, or some ; person 'on , his {or
their behalf, verified „ upon oath, i stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the I assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in ,
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff ir»
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of Its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were Issued. If any contractor shall
fall to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as If the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for In this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice o-f the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
■appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors In relation
thereto.
All the decision* and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error. Informality or other
defect In the proceedings prior -to the
assessment, or in the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five' days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or af ten., the T return . on , the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid. f:*v..i
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have Judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a Hen against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro-"
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of th«»
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk. In the City and County,
none of which. has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to Interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting 5 on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work Is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as .'aforesaid, and diligently and
without Interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract . with
any suitable person, at the ! expense of
the owner, tenant, . or occupant, after
the specifications for the dolner of Raid
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by it in its office for three days,
Inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by It on the next day follow
ing" whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
dor ■ ■ ■ "
All of said bids shall be preserved in
the • office :of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after trie letting : of
the contract to the inspection ■: of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay. said con
tract price. Such work shall be "com
menced s within; twenty-four » hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the Bat
isfactlon of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
c-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shalj be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it In
the office for that purpose, properly In
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sea 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
In the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person In possession
of lands, lots, portion of lota or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been Imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse~sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid ai.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, bo satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa/ment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records ' !cept by the
Board of Public "Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Hoard may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 2?,. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street.with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
Fewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any timo, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall -by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such. ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
Instituted In a Court of competent Ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prlma facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover In said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the Improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. "Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all Intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank-
Ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall Include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered Into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall Include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "Incidental expenses"
shall Include all expenses incurred In
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
In this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspapef.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by. the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required In
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing ft shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if It shall so determine, It
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands In
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out Into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, Indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually In
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
In May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
Inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding* of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at Its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded In the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any Improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean-
Ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of surmlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
wl.at purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall b<? responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and h<» Bhail
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and. receipt, he shall be liable upon hia
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, If at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTEB 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Publio
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the Una
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and tha
Board shall by resolution determine
that the Improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it Bhall make an estimate
of the expense of such Improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such Im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by tha
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pasa an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvement*
thereon — estimating said value accord*
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
In possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which It will hear any ob
jections that may be mada to such mv«
provement.
Before passing euch resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lota
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the 1 name of
the person to whom the said" lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at th«
City and County, addressed to each,
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objection*
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, "or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Beard shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the Im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether In its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting th»
assessment and valuation to be mads
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tho
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
Its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
| at the time of said appropriation between the value of said lot in its en
tirety and its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
Improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
See. 8. On the day named in Bald
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time or
paid inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
caused to the same by reason of .mien
intended improvement, and the Board
shall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all j
the lands and improvements taken, to- |
gether with the damages, if any, :
caused by said improvement to the ad- |
Jaeent lands, and the estimated cost j
and expense of said improvement, in
the fnrm of an assessment upon each ;
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and lande.
Seo. ». The meetings of the Board, j
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
ail persons Interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in j
person or by counsel. All persons ,
claiming any Interest in the lands to j
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of j
thetr respective lots of land.
Sec 10. /In making said assessment |
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated <
by the signatures of said Commission- .
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion bo authenticated and recorded in ■
the Book of Assessments for Condem- i
nation shall be prirna facie evidence j
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of j
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said ;
improvement the Board shall in its re- I
port set forth, under appropriate head- \
ings, a brief description of each lot j
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot. when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
eat therein; and in making the assess- i
ment for the expense of said improve- ;
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head-
Ings, a brief description of each lot j
assessed, the amount assessed against i
the same, the person to whom said \
property was assessed upon the next ;
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the i
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said ;
valuation and assessment, the Board j
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as- ;
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment, ;
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify .said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken i
and the assessment of said value, to- |
gether with the expense of the im- j
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re- ,
port and schedule shall, within sixty ,
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed In the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President I
of said Board, to the Superior Court, '
praying for a Judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for |
the condemnation and conveyance to j
the City and County, upon the payment !
of the vdue thereof as ascertained by ',
said report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Pec. 13. On filing such petition, and
jipon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections In writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
Fhall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described In
said report for the amount assessed
np-iinst the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
said improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
Judgment. Said lien shall remain In
force until said assessment is paid or
lepally discharged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
paid Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City find County. For the purposes of
puch appeal the Judgment roll of the
procpodinps in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said Judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
Fhall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made In accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
naid report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or If an appeal has been
taken and the Judgment appealed from
has be^n affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment Is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice In the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the •
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ- i
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, ajid shall
include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the |
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in |
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
aa a result of the collection of said as- j
sessment beyond thac necessary to |
make the compensation provided for in j
the next succeeding section, and to pay ,
the necessary expenses of said sale, j
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed In
said judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for Bald improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the !
Treasurer by any person entitled to re- !
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot i
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City • Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described In said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for ;
said lot by said Judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
See. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation |
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war- i
rant upon the treasury for the payment I
of the amount so awarded shall be by i
order of the Supervisors' drawn by the
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer- j
tiflcate of the Treasurer indorsed j
thereon that the said warrant has been j
registered by him and that there ar«
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid ßoard, settingforth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall >
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
Judgment in such proceeding-, the .
County Clerk shall, after said demand :
has been audited by the Auditor, col- i
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in eaid
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said Judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war- i
rant said party, or some one author- '
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex- |
ecute to said City and County and de- i
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided <
for said Commissioners, and who, be- !
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the :
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing In the
manner and to the grade set out in
' such recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
| vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
! are not applicable they may be sup
j plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors. #
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
! location, form and material to be used
In the construction, reconstruction and
I repairing of all public sewers, man
| holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
| other appurtenances belonging^to the
! drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
i mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
i mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property, or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
struct any sewer or other Improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AOT) COTJKTT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to Bewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County. *
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
I improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
i vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real . estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTEB V.
Harbor* and Wham*.
BnCTION 1- All the Whanrea, Water
Front and Harbor of Ban Francisco
■which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec, 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi- j
nance fix and regulate the tolls for l
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the j
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har- I
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The ;
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years. _
ARTICLE VIL
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBBA- J
BIES.
CHAPTER L
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage- \
ment of a Board of Education com- j
posed of four School Directors, who i
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou- j
sand dollars. They shall not be less !
than thirty years of age and must have !
been residents of the City and County \
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The -3oard shall organize by '
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen ,
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at leaßt !
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish j
rules for its proceedings; but the con- \
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTEB IX
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
: shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall Include !
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTEB HI.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
1 conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
\ have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and \
to change, .modify, consolidate or dls- i
continue the same as the public wel-
I fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry Into
effect Its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, a.nd to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
; for insubordination. Immoral or unpro
! fessional conduct, or evident unfltness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and sue- j
cessful teaching. Nothing In this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the i
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due Investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
I due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and. for the"
causes mentioned in section one, sub-
I division two, of this Chapter, to re-
I yoke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To Investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony In such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold In
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
In each year, to appoint School Cpnsus
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common ' >hor Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found In
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Snould the Board fail or neglect to fill
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the duties of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com-
Dion Schools.
8. Tc sue in the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
Or suits in equity conce ning the enjo> -
ment and possession cf such lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9- To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil In av
erage dally attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday In
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon It a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of Its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of \
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a j
warrant for the amount due and ap- !
proved by the Board, signed by the j
President and Secretary thereof. The \
entire monthly salary roll of the De- i
partment shall be made up by the Sec- j
retary of the Board, and after being j
duly audited by the Finance Committee i
thereof and approved by a majority of i
all the members of the Board, shall be j
endorsed in the same manner as other j
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner j
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsl- i
ble bidder, for the benefit of th. Com- j
mon School Fund, for a term not ex- i
ceeding twenty years, any real property
Of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall '[
be made except after advertisement for !
bids for at least fifteen days in the offl- !
cial newspaper and by an affirmative !
vote of at least three members of the j
Board approved by an ordinance of the j
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school j
library; to carry into effect the terms I
of any bequest not in conflict with the |
general laws or this Charter; and to sell j
such personal property as shall no I
longer be required for U£3 in the
schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fls
cal year, stating In clear and explicit l
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be \
delivered, and shall Invite proposals for j
furnishing the same by advertising j
therefor for at least ten days In the ;
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
; ITT, of this Charter, In regard to the ad
; vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo- |
sals, the awarding of contracts and the j
i security for the performance thereof,
shall, po far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and |
contracts made, awarded or entered I
into for furnishing supplies to the j
School Department. Any contract made
In violation of any provision of this |
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each j
| year, transmit to the Supervisors a re-
I port In writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within Its Jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taueht in each school,
the average dally attendance of pu
pils In all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other Information as may be required
| by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTEB IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children In average dally
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs In the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties Im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
In the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To viait and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grrade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may b« required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school* in the City and County. Th^r
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfltness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof. In the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTEB V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for Indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for In
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so Injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
In any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the C^y and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lota.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County Is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money .in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as ■will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an - school house, build-
Ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing:, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, If the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars;
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
In accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall bs
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When It Is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a.
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Beading Booms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be theMayor-of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of hla office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Booms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Uooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasinp real and -ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each erne
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
sha.ll provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Booms, In accordance with
the terras and conditions of such grift,
devise or bequest.
See. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not Inconsistent with the terms of Its
acquisition, shall vest In the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, mon'v, receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all Its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded In its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing-Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants;
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, tn erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whole or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ABTICLE VTH.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER L
Organization.
SECTION L The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty- five years of age
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER n.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein.
CEAPTEB 111.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to ba
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given,
Is conducted In a disorderly or Im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of ouch persons shall engage In
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who Is re
fused such permit or whose permit It is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board In person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly stats j
the name of the person to whom the A
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Sijch permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
Bpecial police officers. Such officer*
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
6. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale aWannual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of Im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used la
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial cuDtodian of all records and official
documents of the Board-
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police..
SECTION L The Chief of Police tfh&n
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall Im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor In writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline bo as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. H«
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall. In the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall \y
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. • He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
Issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for In the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office In which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance,
at all hours of the day and night: and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Ponce shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at his
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to b»
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings nust first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empowev
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto]
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION L Subordinate officer* ofthe Police Department shall conßist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred i
dollars; Lieutenants, who shjjl each
receive an annual salary ©"sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall each receive an annual salary
of flfteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
Balary of fourteen hundred ana four
Bee. 2. There shall be on© Captain !
for each one hundred police officers. ;
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the !
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Bee. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for even' nfty police officers. The dv- |
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
See. 4. There shall be as many Ser- '
geant's as In the Judgment of the Com- '
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Bergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
be denned by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their !
respective Captains and Lieutenantß.
Sec. 5. There shall be as many Cor- ;
porals as in the Judgment of the Com- !
missloners may be advisable. The dv- i
ties of Corporals shall be denned b- the |
rules and regulations of the Commis
■loners, the orders of the Chief of Po- i
lice, and the orders of thetr respective !
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Depfirtment as he may select, not j
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig- !
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap- j
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary, of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked rs Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be denned by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTEB VL
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred In
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec 3. Police Officers shall b_fi health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTEB VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Dlsratements.
BECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious publio service being con
sidered.
Sec 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be Imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding" one month's salary.
Pec. 3. No member of the Department I
shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of, and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
sel; to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTEB VTTT T
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. AH property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re-
BUlt of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from Intoxicated or In
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking cars of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come Into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Ptod
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
& court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him. It shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been In the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the official
newspnppr; and the proceeds of such
pale shall be paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the us© thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from Insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
time the name is paid into the treasury;
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period,
make diligent Inquiry to ascertain the
person or persops to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. If any property or money in
the custody of the Property Clerk hn re
qtilred as evidence in any Court, It
shall be delivered to any "officer who
nhall present an order in writing to
that effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Bee. P. All valuables and money fn
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force In good standing
in the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
Civil Senrice examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTEB X.
Police Belief and Pension Fund.
SECTION L In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
already existing In favor of the Police j
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be !
known and designated as the Police j
Kelief and Pension Fund. The Board j
of Police Commissioners and its sue- i
cessors in office shall constitute a ;
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com- j
mlasioners may, by a unanimous vote, j
retire and relieve from service any ■
aged, infirm or disabled member of the .
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicians appointed '
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his |
duties. Such retired member shall re- j
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- j
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to j
one-half of the amount of the salary i
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire- i
ment No such pension shall be paid |
unless such person has been an active j
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his j
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
; upon a pension on account of such dis
j ability, may be retired from the De
\ partment upon an annual pension
! equal to one-half the amount of salary j
attached to the rank which he may j
| have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease >
his pension shall cease, and he shall be j
restored to the service in the rank he
occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First— Should the decedent be mar- i
lied, his widow shall as long as she may i
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary |
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death-
Second— Should the decedent leave no i
widow, but leave an orphan child or i
; children under the age of sixteen years,
! such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary ;
attached to the position held by their ;
father at the time of his death, until j
the youngest attains the age of sixteen j
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children, i
but leave a parent or parents depend- j
I ing solely upon him for support, such j
, parents, so depending, shall collectively I
receive a pension equal to one-half the |
! salary attached to the position held by
I the decedent at the time of his death,
! during such time as the Commissioners '
! may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen- I
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief !
and Pension Fund, who shall be con- j
victed of felony, shall become dlssi- [
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State, j
Bhall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- j
partment shall, after ten years' service, j
die from natural causes, then his wid
i ow, and if there be no widow, then his i
i children, or If there be no widow or
' children, then his mother if dependent I
1 upon him for support, shall be entitled j
to a sum equal to the amount retained !
i by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
I deceased member and paid into the Re
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi-
I sions of this section shall not apply to j
i any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the [
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department It
Bhall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de- i
mands on the Police Relief and Pension j
I Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and j
! certify the same to the Supervisors in
i connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it Bhall not exceed in any one In
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment Is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public reo
' ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
| quarterly meeting send to the Treas
; urer and to the Auditor a written or
; printed lißt of all persons entitled to
i payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
| The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
: shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
' out of eaid Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, Includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
! ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places whore spirituous,
malt or other Intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mont
than one-half of all moneys received
from licences from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from Junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons,
CHARTEB FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SA^ FRANCISCO.
"7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer Bhall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid Into the Police Relief
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request Bhall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining In such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for In this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ABTICLE IX.
FIBE DEPABTMENT.
CHAPTEB L
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiiation of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as It may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions In the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
ot the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
In the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
Impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
Imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen I*1 '* Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners: but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTEB 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall Immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force In the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
Into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion Is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while !n the actual
performance of his duty therein so as f
to Incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the awarding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made In violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTEB IH.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION # 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and It shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, ar«
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for ln
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least ones
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be out down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTEB IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION L Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTEB V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Firf Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of hi 3 disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be Imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same wjthtn twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the Investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there Is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury- He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 6. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTEB VL
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer, As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to Inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTEB VII.
Firemen's Belief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
In force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, Infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension eo.ual to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and th© same
shall cease at his death.
Sec i. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily In
jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon hia filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending hia
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the amount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of hie re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
In the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p» -ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine Its neces
sity.
Sec. 8. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated,- an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
Bhall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors In
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall Issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
Buch persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Fire
Commissioners to mnke rules and
regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, Including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed 03 Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER. Vm.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen, Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year at
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; "Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTEB IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION L There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a Joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in Joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundi-ed dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working ord^r; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or ln-
Btruraent-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. A. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over Its own systems and wires.
Sec. 6. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to Interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 8. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the Inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power In and upon streets and build
ings In the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OP PTJBLIO
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, *jld who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
! end of two years, one at the end of
| three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 8. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and It may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of ths
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11.
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition In the City and
County; for the protection of the publlo
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as It may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying put and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Board shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint a
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged In
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical Instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward In the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as It may
deem necessary- They shall be ap
pointed after a competltve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to, and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
?>loyees of the Board. Such eompensa
lon shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private Institutions
of like character.
Sec 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ABTICLE XL
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTEB I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions In the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
, Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
Immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee Is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting In the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, ns the case may be, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, If there be
such third party, and if not, then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment In question as
prescribed In this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the 'Board, nor
Registrar, nor Demitv Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be n member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part In any election except to
vote and when noting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Bee. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganlze within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President, In case of failure
to a.errpe, he shall be Mleeted by lot..
He shall hold office for one year and
until h!s successor la chosen. The
Board ehall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of;
the Board, and shall keep a record of 1
its proceedings, and. shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The terra
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may he ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
sen-ice to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec." 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as It can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER H.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held In
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after tfie first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Publlo
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County ot San Francisco who shall
be elected In the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, undef
existing laws, except the Superin«
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus«
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January In
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same In
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City- and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting In such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OP PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION L Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
I go into effect, and at least every two
! years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as the
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con-
Btruction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
| ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sala
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting tho
Board to prepare for submission to the
i electors of the City and County, as
| hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable It to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Th©
Mayor shall alro have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named In said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the votes cast in favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall bo deemed re-
Nothing la this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same as
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided.
Sea 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the j
provisions of this Article, oan be paid \
out of the annual revenues of the City I
and County, in addition to the other ]
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall j
be lawful to acquire the name by a ma- j
jority vote of the electors voting there- ,
on at any special election. In submit- ;
ting propositions to the electors for ,
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired ■
upon such terms. \
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
Of the City and County, in addition to ,
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a .
municipal bonded indebtedness for such j
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub- ;
mittlng propositions to the electors for j
the acquisition thereof, shall specify |
therein the amount of the proposed ■
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter- !
est thereon, and whether such bonded
Indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces- j
Bary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter eet forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote J
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility, |
such action on the part of the electors ;
Khali be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
In section six of this Article, and the i
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a .
special election as required by section !
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de- j
termlne that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public |
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an- j
nual Income and revenue of the City and j
County, the Supervisors shall, by or- i
dinance, specifically declare such de- I
termination, and shall publish the same j
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of \
the Supervisors after the publication of |
the ordinance declaring said deter- I
mlnation as above set forth, or at an j
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote 6hall i
nave determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
phall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the Indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the pro-posed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
puch election, and the manner of voting
for or against Incurring such Indebted
ness. Such election shall be held a«
provided by law for holding elections
In the City and County.
Rec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness .Is to be In
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any publio
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a nay and at a place to be fixed by
tho Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, nnd shall be issued in denomina
tions of no-t less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per" annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
es the Supervisors may determine.
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
■as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having: been advertised In the official
.newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such pnJ«?n shall be
placed In the treasury «<j the credit of
the proper fund and phnU be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
.mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
, their issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
See. 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
snail bo countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and sljmed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer.
Sec. 13. At the time of levying: the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the apsret*ate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
•purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
■♦•t.uto cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known oy
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one i
for one year, one for two years, and one I
for three years. Each year thereafter j
the Mayor shall in like manner ap- !
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner' whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such I
Commissioner for three years. *All ap- |
pointments shall be so made fhat not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute i
the classified civil service of the City j
and County, and no appointment to any j
such place shall be made except ac- |
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places In I
the classified civil service shall be sub- j
jected to examination, which shall be j
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical In their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the |
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. Xo question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not In the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and. If )
In the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex- j
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report j
thereof to the Commissioners. The i
Commissioners may substitute any j
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such j
examiners.
Sec, 6. Notice of the time, place and i
general scope of every examination j
shall be given by the Commissioners ,
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners In a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be ;
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ■ex
aminers, or from the examinations '
made by the Commissioners, the Com- :
missloners shall prepare a register for i
each grade or class of positions in the I
classified service of the City and I
County of the persons whose general !
average standing upon examination for j
such grade or class is not less than the j
minimum fixed by the rules of the i
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates In the !
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without ■
reference to priority of time of ex- j
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser- j
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in ■
all cases where pracucaoie, mai vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the j
Commissioners for each department as j
desire to submit themselves to Buch ex- .
animations. The Commissioners shall !
submit to the appointing power the |
names of not more than three appli- i
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, ehall be
the same, as near aB may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, In which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi- j
fy to the appointing officer the name !
and address of one or more candidates, j
not exceeding three, standing highest j
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their j
priority of application. In making such i
certification, sex shall be disregarded, i
except when some statute, the rules of !
the Commissioners, or the appointing j
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and Bhall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six j
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the period of probation, j
the head of the department or office in j
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign-
Ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the an- i
proval of the Commissioners, maki j
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and alt
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said ot
flres and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty arid the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect, of the Board of Public Works,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees In any of the offices or
CHABTEB FOR THE CITY A*TCT> COUNTY OF SJIN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall make
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
In the classified civil service of the Clt>
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commls-.
Bioners to conduct such Investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b»
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment Is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall Imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of Its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places In the public service there
of.
Sec 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
In each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
In force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held In the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of Its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its dlreo
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily Incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Ser. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or In co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination ; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid In so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or conrerning the
person examined: or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
Improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment In the classified
civil service, ai.d all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
powpr to institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
aa Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," aa
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding publlo buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go Into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five In number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Boaid
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them; except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'on of
business* No contract shall be watered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by tJvj Com
missioners.
Sec. '•. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park c ,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newapaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punl3hed therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid un'^ss it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is Introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinance* shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage,
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donora
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or |
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by Itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and In .every
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for parit-pleasrre
purposes only. No such building shall
be constructed by the Board except it
i>e within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove iues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, In this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose o< conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be necessary to conserve the integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe.
ricd not greater than six months, and
so as not to Interfere wHh the use ot
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted oxewpt such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
>r Municipal mportance. None of the
monc-ys in, or apportioned u>, the Park
Fund shall te used for th? purposes ct
any such Fair or Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
th(> request of the Commissicnerr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County fur service In
said parks, squares, aver.u«s and
grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and forthe proper I
observance of the ordinances of the
Commissioners; and the Crmmissioners
may provide a place of detention with
in either of sa.d public pla ;eM in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of the ordini-.nces of the Board may be
detained teropci arily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys, le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for Imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
sfime in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building. In which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the Stats Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed In or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and In
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, Intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, In respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and In respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private Individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place In the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not te less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering: upon the dio
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law. ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, It shall be fixed by an ordl
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond It
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. The bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept In the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, In
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-flve thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-flve thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand doi
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 8. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him, by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify In the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-flve hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
Justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he Is a resident and
freeholder In the City and County, and
worth In property situated In the City
and County, exclusive of incumhxances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes Insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ABTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Frarcisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them Is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must "be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have bo resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sea 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or .taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person In this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and If any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while In office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity In money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or Indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
In the service of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re~
moved from office, or ceases to be &
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on tha
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County Individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
In this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives In the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charier
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall b«
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock In
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming Into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall Immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
! the funds to which they respectively
; belong. If such officer for twenty-four
I hours after receiving the same shall
> delay or neglect to make such deposit,
j he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
: person to discharge the duties of the
| office during the period of such sus-
I pension.
Sec 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor Is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be Immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish It a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any t erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided In
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for In this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good* faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec 27 All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec. 28. All ordinances, oraers and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public Merest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to me other expenses of tne
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must ny
ordinance passed Ly th? affirmative vot«
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for sucn
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing: for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the Is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded In
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid Into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
Bhall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board ot
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which Is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part In the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then tha
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 3,3. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived* or received,
into the treasury trf the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary ha
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees i
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, In the year on«
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after tha
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and t oun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec 37 The balance remaining In th©
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund- at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. Tha
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith he transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in tha
r^f ee^w Department Fund at the tima
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
rect, the balance remaining in tha
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance reJ
maining In the Special Fee Fund at tha
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth,
with transferred to the General Fund
L created by this Charter. Out of th*said General Fund shall be paid, aB In
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart- I
ments of the City and County, except
Fuch expenses as are by this Charter
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided for the payment of such ex- .
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every of
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of said moneys
get apart by said Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
year ending on said thirtieth day of
in the year nineteen hundred, as
Bhall remain unexpended at the time !
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex- j
ponded during said six months by the
rd of Public Works in the opera- \
tions of the department committed to i
Its charge. All the expenses of the Jity I
and < Jounty which are not to be paid out i
rf specific funds shall be paid during !
Bald six months out of the General |
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex-
Istihg municipality to any department
of the City and County become or be
isted at any time during said six
th», or should any department cre
nted by this Charter have no money
Fpecifically provided for it during said
six months, then jn each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
peven of Chapter T of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article TX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of thf General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
Is the existing municipality of the City
and County of San Francisco, and the
Beveral funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity 'or tholr continuance ceases.
Sec. 3<J. When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days In The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
paper: of gc eisl c -cuk-tion in the 1
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of Slay, in !
the year one thousand eight hundred
c.id ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City i
end County of San Francisco, at a spe- !
cial election v.hich shall be held on that
day, tor the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
City and ('aunty voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, nn and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of Sr.n F-ancisco,.and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at sei ! election
Bhall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, T~3.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER. NO. .
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the p- -pic, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such office: shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under thi-; Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by hi..i, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter jhall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN', That the City and
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand inhabitants, on the twenty
seventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred "and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we. the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
paid City and County of San Fran
cisco. ; : ,
IX WITNESS TVTIEREOF. we have
herr-i;ntn s«t 'Hir hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year onp thousand eight hundred and
ninety-picrht.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
• JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE. Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE.
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
P. H. McCART'IT.
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOK.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
THE PASSION PLAY.
A Unique and Beautiful Production
at the Y. M. C. A. Hall.
The Passion .ay. as given last even
ing at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, is cer
tainly one of the most novel and beauti
ful perfomances ever given in San Fran
cisco. In Horltz, Austria, a presentation
by the peasants is given every year, over
four hundred people take part in « the
production and every possible attention
is devoted to Scriptural detail and accu
racy, y — -
By an immense exercise of tact it was
made possible to reproduce the play- on
the cinematograph, and In a 'series of
thirty-six animated life-size pictures Hie
story is told. Christ's entry into Jerusa
lem, the last supper and the crucifixion
are particularly strong, anci with the ac
companying music the audience was
greatly moved. The production will be
continued every afternoon and evening
this week. •
■ m ■
To Erect a New Home.
Tho San Francisco Presbyterian Or
phanage and Farm held its regular
monthly m<-i'tinK Tuesday. Mrs. I. D.
Browne in the chair and a large attend
ance of ladies from all the towns around I
the bay. Plans were discussed relative ;
to the new building, which is • Sorely i
needed, as 11(3 children are now crowded
in the old quarters. A gentleman has of
fered all the lumber for the new building: i
The annual donation party was set for |
Tuesday, May 10, at the orphanage, Sari
Rafael. Donations under 25 pounds may j
bo sent via Wells. Fargo and Co. or the
San Rafael Express free, and ii is ex
pected .i large number will show by their
iittendar.cc their interest la this noble
charity. » ■ '. • >. ■ : .. ■. ,
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
rUMMART.
Silver higher.
Wheat and Barley Futures advanced-
Oats higher.
«'orn and Rye firm.
Oilcake and Cocoanut Cake marked up.
Uron advanced.
Oat Hay higher.
Another rise in Straw.
Beans firm. Seeds unchanged.
Flour and Millstuffs firm.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Summer Vegetables coming in freely.
Butter and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry about the same.
Strawberries coming in soft.
Choice Apples firm.
No change In Citrus Fruits.
Provisions unaltered.
Hogs weak and quiet.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
The receipts -' Quicksilver at this port dur
ing the first three months of the year were
6706 flasks, against 3638 in the same time last
year. The exports were 1507 flasks, valu ed at
$33,770. against 1467 flasks at $51,357 for the
same time In 1597. • ;
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days': those underneath it. if any, the
amount of "rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the . aat twelve hours,
r sjli'l lines, connect points of equal
. ■ nns, or dotted lines, equal
ture. Tho word "high" means high
lo pressure and is usually accompanied
weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington soaat When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
b mg the coast, and the isoburs extend north
a, | i iuth along the coast, rain is probable;
. the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
m irked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im-
With a "high" in the vicinity of
and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia const, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
:e result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. April 13, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past |
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ...............:... 0 31.13 *7.«
Re I Bluff 0 12.30 23.5S
Sacramento 0 S.S7 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.56
I Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
Ban Luis Ob'.spo 0 6.05 20.71
; Los Angeles 0 6.26 16.74
I San Diego 0 4.13 11.66
Yuma , 0 1.65 6.35
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 78;
minimum, 68; mean. 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The' pressure has fallen rapidly over South
ern Idaho and Montana. An area of rela
tively high pressure lies over Utah and Ne
va.
The temperature has fallen rapidly along the
Central Pacific Coast. It continues high In
Southern California and Utah. The tempera
tures in the great valleys of California are
from 10 to 25 degrees above the normal.
With the exception of a trace of rain at
Port Angeles, no rain has fallen on the Pa
cific Slope.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the east is reported at Phoenix.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending at midnight April 14. 189S:
Northern California— cooler Thurs
day, except In extreme north poVtlon;
southerly changing to westerly winds; heavy
fog in the morning along the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy, cooler Thurs
day; fresh westerly wind; fog in the morning
along the coast.
Nevada— Cloudy, cooler Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy, cooler Thursday.
Arizona>— Cloudy Thursday.
Sun Francisco ami vicinity- Cloudy, cooler
Thursday; heavy fcg in the morning; fresh
westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpats taken
at .". p. m.— Clear; wiml west 4 miles per hour;
temperature, 74; maxlmui
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. • April 13.-Net losses ranging
from two to five points in the active leaders
of speculation, an animated close to the day's
trading, with almost the bottom ltvel of the
day, and heavy blocks of securities offering for
sale were the features of to-day's market. The
point of order In the Senate, which sent the
consideration of the Cuban resolution over a
day, rallied the market slightly, but all re
ports from Washington Indicated that,
though there might be delay, there was little
doubt that the ultimate action of Congress
would be such as would necessarily constitute
casus belli by repudiating Spanish sovereignty
In Cuba. The Spanish 4 per cent bonds w-i>»
without support at any of the European cen
ters, and the heavy tone of Americans hel.ied
the growing belief in war. The early weakness
on the local exchange was due in great part
to liquidation of foreign account in American
securities. Sales of all the International stocks
for London account were more urgent than at
any time since the Cuban question his be°n
at issue There was not much added pressure
of local liquidation In the early trading. It is
not improbable that the large selling for Lon
don account was influenced by the money mar
ket's condition In London. The open market
rate for call money there has been raised to
about the bank rale ot 4 per cent. Berlin dis
count has vi-, risen to i-, per cent, compared
with the bank rate of 4 per cent, and money
hardened appreciably in Paris to-day. With
call money In the local market responding with
a rise to 4. per cent, there Is no diminution in
the pressure in foreign centers for gold to shin
to New York. It is the expectation in WaU
street that the Bank of England will raise the
rate of its discount to 6 per cent should war
be declared between the United State* oiui
Spain. With large Blocks of exchange in New
York still to be drawn upon this condition Jf
affairs might easily have been the impelilni
cause for Tendon selling of American scour*
ties In an effort to ameliorate the exchange
condition; There were some very heavy hold"
ings thrown over in the final dill" i to-day"
where ta C ?h?M«V" UPPOrt ™ manifest "¥
The bond market displayed an inor» 8«.ii,0.B «.ii,o.
pressure of liquidation as the day p?ogr*«r d
and losses are general throughout The total
soles were- $1,375,000. United States second!
declined 2. the new fours 1% and the tr\\il
ro^stered^and the fives * per cent in the bid
Total 'sale* of storks to-day were 321 4in
Bhares Including: Burlington 40,150 LouiHi-nil!
and Nashville "12.510, ftanl»»ttan i7.N6MeVr"
|Htan P940, Northern Pacific 4756, Northern
Pacific preferred- 9402, Rock Island 7797 It
Paul HO, Union Pacific preferred 37 tSt r.)'
baeco- £0,350, Sugar. 71,688. -- ' lj9>)l ll> '
CLOSING STOCKS.
iVtchUon v.'ii 11 V P Common .. iqu
Do vret : .24% St P & dm... ■"• m
Baltimore & Ohio 15 Do pref .. "145
Canada Pacific ... 79% st P M & M.. '" ijn
.Jaruula Southern. 46. So. Pacific ... "* 12
S*mt Pacific ..... ll«i So Railway .. -• 754
:hes & 0hi0..... ISV4 Do pref ..!."" ■>;{?
ZM:& Alton .<.; 154 -, Texas & Pacific ;■■ »i 2
">hi. ii & Q... 91. ■ Union Pacific ;... 511?
i;i & i: II! 60 , i; P D & G.... 6%
; C C & Xt £1 :- 27V4 bash $£
Do prof ;T ;...... -78^ Do pref ........ 151*
[>1 & Hudson ... 106% Wheel*& L E.. . vl
»el J. & W. 1 ....:. 14414 j Do nref •' 9%
Den & R G.; 10 -KxpresH ■ Companies-
Do pref ........ ; 42 Adams Ex ....... 100
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
Do i«? > V— •• 12 I American Ex .... 120
Ft V.L pref •••• 32 * United States .... 38
Gt &V 168 i Wells Fargo ..... 115
Hoc-kin* v^i 147 Miscellaneous
n noisV B nJ' ey •• S V« A Cot Oil 16%
n« fji? & W "- "*> Amn Spirits STi
jRI V"* CS Do pref ........ 20%
l^»f H * "£ V" 178 Am Tobacco 10S
iCtt 1 "? 11 ::: iDo ■ Pref 115
"j" Iqata»1 q ata » L -. 94»i People's Gas ...... 89%
Mi w' Ry •••-.. 136% Cons Gas 175%
mnn A 'V ' " i 102 Com Cable C 0.... 150
no & st V 24 Col F & 1r0n...... 17
J^V ,F nt •••■SO Do pref ........ 90
Mohil^i™;;-"- 23 Gen Electric 31%
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Illinois Steel ' 45%
?v> JL. T 10 Laclede Gas 33%
Ph? t",& I V 31% Lead ........ 29%
ch i ln i* L•— •• 6* Do pref —" — 102%
Do pref 23 Nat Lin Oil ...... 16
% i Central , • 9 it; Or Imp Co 264
NY Chi & s L.. 12 Pullman Pal ..... 170
Do Ist pref .... go Silver Cert ...... 66
v i 2i 2 - . Pref •••• 28 Ptand R& T 3*
Nor West ........ 12% sugar 116
v oA > m % Co 6*6 * Do pref ...106
No Pacific ........ 22% T C & Iron 19*
o £° P re ™" — 60! * U S Leather 5*
£ nt S, ri 2 £ W H^ Do pref 66^4
° r £. & Nay 43* U S Rubber 16
S l! ort Line ... 28 Do pref 65V!
Pittsburg 168 West Union ..:.. 85%
R ?? di , ? •••••' 16 C& N W.. .117%
Do Ist pref .... 37% Do pref 172% I
Rode Island 84 St L& S W 4
St L , & . SP ; 6V * Do pref ..:..... 8%
Do Ist pref .... 66 R G W „ 23
aDo 2d pref .... 25% Do pref 64
st Paul .8714 C G W..... 10*
Do pref 141*1 Haw Com C 0.... 22%
CLOSING BOND 3.
U fl new 4s reg.. 121% N Carolina 65.... 122%
Do coup 121% Do 4s 102
US 4s 109% No Pac lsts ..... 113
Do coup in Do 3s 69
Do 2ds it Do 4s 93
US 6s reg 112% N V C & S L 45.. 101
J 1 , as coup 112% Nor &W 6s US
District 3.65s ..... 114 Northwstrn cons. 142 '
Ala class A 108% Do deb &s 116
Do B 105 O Nay lsts ....... 115
Do C 95 o Nay 4s 92
Do Currency ... 96 OS Line 6s tr.... 120
Atchlson 4s 87% O S Line 5s tr.... 99 .
Do adj 4s 67% J imp lsts tr.... 105 "
Can So 2ds 106 Do 5s tr . :.. 54'
Chi Term 45....... 81% Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C & Ohio 5a 113 Reading 4s 80
C H & D 4%5.... 104H it G Vf lsts 80%
D & R G lsts.... ins 3L& IM C 55.. 87
D& R G 4s. 89 .-5 L&S F G 65.. 114
East Term lsts.. 105 St P Con ... 140
Erie Gen 4s 69 St PC & Plst s.. 117
F W & D lsts tr. 68 Do 5s .. 115
Gen Elec 6s 100% So Ry 6s 89
GH& S A 65.... 105 Stand R& T 65.. 55
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 3s. 90
H&T CBs 112 T&P L G lsts.. 99
Do con 6s 103 Do Rg 2ds ...... 31
lowa C lsts 99 UPD & G lsts.. 62%
La new cons 45... 97% Wab Ist Ss ......: 107
L& N Uni 45.... 86 Do Ms ... . 76%
Missouri 8s 100 W Shore 4s 107
M X & T 2<Js 69% Va Centuries .... 67%
Do 43 86% I Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts.. 115 U P pref 61<,4
NJC 6a 112% I U P4s 90%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 2 60
Crown Point .... 20 Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va 80 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 12 Do pref *2 00
Hale & Norcross. 80 Sierra Nevada ... ; 80
Homestake 87 00 Standard 1 65
Iron Silver 34 Union Con ........ 35
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket ... 16
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April 13.— Atchison. Topeka and
S. F.. 11; Bell Telephone. 245; Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy, 91; Mexican Central, 4%;
San Diego, 1; Boßton and Montana, 171; Butte
and Boston, 24; Parrott, 22.
LONDON MARKET.
NETW YORK, April 13.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here remained stagnant to-day, becom
ing disordered by the war rumors. Cottangoes
were higher, because of dearer money, those on
Americans being o'JfoMi per cent.
Americans appeared steady and continued so
until there was a sharp fall In Spanish 4's,
which wiis connected with selling from Spain.
Americans gave way In sympathy and all the
market became dull, closing only a fraction
above the lowest.
There were wild rumors at the close. Includ
ing that the cable between Havana and Key
We?t had been cut. Consols and other gilt
edge stocks contlue to call on dear money.
There Is no likelihood of further rise In the
Hank of England to-morrow, unless war should
be declared or New York should engage a
very heavy account of gold.
CLOP I NO.
Canadian Pacific. 82\; Grand Trunk, Vi; bar
silver, steady, 26d per ounce; money, 2% per
cent.
NEW YORK QRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 13— FLOUR— Receipt*.
17.870 barrels; exports, 6965 barrels; firm and
more active; winter straits, $4 55@4 65; Minne
apolis patents, t5 15-3! 5 50.
WHEAT— Receipts, 61,975 bushelß; spot,
strong; No. 2 red, $1 oS@l OSH f. o. b. afloat.
Optiona were strong all day on strong cables,
war news and a big export demand. Realiz
ing produced a slight closing setback, but
final prices were l% r jf2%c net higher; No. 2
red, May, $1 03 7 »@l 05>*, closed »1 05^.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— At the close the Metal Exchange
c-alled pig iron warrants unchanged, with
$6 65 bid and $6 SB aeked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged and firm, with
buyers at f 12.
TlN— Dull, with $14 35 bid and $14 45 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged and firm; |4 25 bid
and J4 35 asked. No change was made in the
price of lead by the firm fixing the settling
pri<-e for miners and smelters in the West.
COFTEE— Options opened steady, with prices
unchanged, to 5 points higher; closed 10W25
points net higher. Sales 12,500 bags, in
cluding May. $5 60<go 85. Spot coffee— Rio firm;
NO. 7 invoice, 6V40; No. 7 Jobbing, 7c; mild,
firm; Cordova, B>*tjl6cj sales. S»00 bags; Mara -
calbo, p. t. ; 200 bags Savanllla, p. t. ; 100 bags
Mexican, p. t.
SUGAR— Raw. uteady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4Mic; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts, 6520 packages. Steady
and unchanged; Elgins. 21c: factory, WtOUa.
EGGS— Receipts, 5891 packages. Steady; un
changed.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. April 13. -California fruits—
A EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 5©7% c;
prime wire tray. 8c: wood dried, prime,, B>4c;
choice, L .o; fancy, 9<3&Vfcc. - ,
APRICOT^S.!.' 6*©7 c; Moorpark, B%@
1O PEACHES— s@Bc: peeled, ll@l4o.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April -Everything in wheat
was strong at the opening. Even May, which
has been only nominal of late, exhibited a
great deal of activity, and on that fact was
the . feature of the early trading. Th» most
prominent factor in the strength was undoubt
edly the gravity of the reports from ashing
ton Another factor was the knowledge which
leaked l out before trading f, commenced that
loiter had received acceptances from abroad
of a" the wheat he had offered the previous
afternoon on prices based on yesterdays ad
vance This quantity was put by Letter at
about 700,000 bushels, and this show of deter
mination of foreigners to get all the wheat
ahead of actual hostilities «™f^ « enu a ln '
anxiety among shorts,* big and little and
started them to covering as soon as trading
C °MayTtaried . at $1 08 and advanced at once
to »1 09%. the highest point yet reached In
that option Loiter soon took advantage of
he bulge and disposed, of large quantities
through brokers, and the price eased off to
Jl 08 The bIK trading, however, was done In
July All classes of buyers came into the mar
ket but offerings were decidedly limited until
the price got up to 86% c. This was above
ca?l figures and free selling by t holders or
those privileges, with extensive realizations by
the B tra!ders, caused a little soften Ing of pricey
Tulv fretting back to S6>h,c. But about 11.30
o-cl^ck the innuence of the Washington news
was augmented by more sensational news re
garding the California crop. Before 12 o clock
the buying had become larger than before, and
as the session wore on it became practically a
bramble among shorts to cover. Ordinary
news of the day cut little figure, everything
else being overshadowed by the war news and
Letter^ big cash sales. Continental markets
were firmer and higher. Northwest receipts
were small, 142 car*, against 253 last week and
294 a year ago. Chicago receipts were ,1 cars.
The addition to contract stocks to-day amount
ed to about 118,000 bushels. Clearances were
rather light The Letter Interests sold largely
of May and also of July right up to the close
but even these offerings were not sufficient to
fit isfvthe demand and a few minutes from
the end of the ™*slon July was bid up to 88% c.
The market then reacted. atW
r,,™ was rather draggy at first, but at noon
the market began to respond to the Jump in
"^^ZXe^*^. the firmness
being diTe principally to the wheat advance.
■Provision-! early, were easy on a break. in hog
prices and the market dragged until noon At
the last hour I the market turned strong with
Xr T a n n c feeing r rag as fbllow: V
Article*-; . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2- 0 <sg %; •»
May.— • g»Vt : " 88% S5V t 87T.
July ."•••"- S=. 7<U4 * 77T4 79»4
September... • <», » 7S - ' 79V4
December l 8» ''r* V. 78
Corn No. 2- -^-' , jo H ; 29% 30' (,
Smbev:::::::::: 32 a 32% i" 1 * : «*
Be^embev::::::^.. ;:»« ,32% ; . .«« • 32*
>c Oats No.. 2- -•■,-. 2f,«4 „ 25%. . 2fiVi
jSj--':::- : :::;::;:."-:-»i--MVfc v «*• 231 * ■,■»%
■ Mess Pork, per bhl- ?9 , . 9_. 9 90Vj
jLly •••—••••••■•:: 82% 02%. *m ,io 02%
July;*"".'!: ' ..... .5 , 525 5 17H 52s
• Short' Ribs." per .1. 1 « l 1l tM *-" B 'i 7 s. mi B nii
May ".**•'!.".*"**"" "5 20 ' : 525-520 . 523
Cash quotations were .as follows: Flour,
firm r No 3 spring Wheat, 94c@$l 01: No. 2 red
ilO6^wrO6%; No.. 2 Corn, 30*i@30%c; yellow,
80*©30% c; No. 2 Oats. 26J4@26%c; No. 3 white,
25%529%c No. 2 Rye. 52% c; No. 2 Barley, f. o
& 3.V.^37^c; No. 1 Flaxseed, *1 23%;. Prime
Timothy Seed, $2 80; Mess Pork, per barrel,
$9 !HKi'»"9s; Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 17%- Short
Rib Sides, loose, $5 05@5 35; Dry Salted Should
ers, boxed 4%54%; Short Clear Sides, boxed,
$5 50@5 60; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon. $1 20. :
Articles— . ■-■ Re - c SiP t3 - Shipments.
Flour/barrels 19.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels fa. 000 . • .°°°
Corn, bushels 390,000 1,032,000
Oats bushels ...207,000 ■ 297,000
Rye. bushels ;......•.. 5.000 ... 2,000
Barley, bushels 000 115.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 15@19c; dairies,
1101SC. Cheese, quiet; B@BV4c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 9c. . ■,
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 74,740 28.080
Duluth • 66,815 1,443
Milwaukee 7,150 ......
Chicago •44.949 318.: .»
Toledo •• • 18.883 2,700
St. Louis 9,000 6,000
Detroit •••• 2,305 747
Kansas City.... • .....^13,500 17,500 |
.. Totals 227,342 374,785
Tidewater— ' .
Boston 32,295
New. York -• 61.975 .......
Philadelphia 6,212 4,006
Baltimore 35,112 100,341
New Orleans ....'...*
Galveston 9,350 ;,. .;....
Totals i...... 144,944 104,347
1 PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— . . April. May.
Opening : ......63 65 62 00
Closing •• .64 00 62 80
Flour- -\ ;■'. 'i-^-^ : ■? T
Opening 29 45 28 70
Closing .••-.. ,29 80 29 15
LIVERPOOL, WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. . Dec.
Opening 77% 74% 67% 6 7
Closing' ...7 B^4 75% 68% 67%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April ; 13,— CATTLE— Prices aver
aged about 10c lower, except for prime fat cat
tle. Beef steers sold largely at $4 40(g'5 10; com
mon kinds, $3 85@4 65; strictly choice spring
beeves, $5 25@5 50. 1 - There ■ are plenty of fed
Westerns, sales of which were largely at $4 25®
4 75, but cattle from Texas were again scarce. ■
The stocker and feeder trade was fairly active
at $4@4"65; selected steers, $4 75@5; light
weight stockers, $3 76; canning cows, $2 50©3;
fat cows, $3 60@4; fat heifers, $4@4 75; calves,
$5@6.
HOGS— of hogs averaged s@loc lower.
Poorest, $3 65<Jf3 75; best lots, $3 90<8>3 97%; sales
largely at $3 82%@3 So for hogs and $3 40@3 75
for pigs.
. SHEEP— at $4®4 60 for shorn flocks and
at $4 40@4 80 for wooled consignments. Lambs
sold at $4 2535 for shorn and at $4 76@5 for
wooled; wooled Colorado lambs, $5 50@5 60.
Shorn sheep and lambs sold decidedly the most
readily.
Receipts— 18,500; hogs, 80,000; sheep,
15,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. April 13.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, official, MOO natives, SOO Southern. Light
butcher steers, steady; pood and heavy grades,
largely 10c lower; dressed beef cattle, $3 75@
4 95; Western fed lot?. $4 10©4 45; cows and
heifers, strong; natives, $2 s<>g'4 55; Westerns,
$3<fr4 25; etockers and feeders, $3 s'><3>s 60.
HOGS — Receipts, official. 13,<Xi0. Market
steady. Bulk of sales, $3 6"Kf?3 75; heaw, $3 60<y
3 SO; mixed and packers. $3 60Q3 75; light, $3 50
((2 3 674; pigs. J3 25@3 60.
SHEEP- -Receipts, official, 2200. Sheep active
to the extent of the supply. Some Texas ewes
at J4 30 were quoted 5c higher; lambs, supply
from Colorado and Texas, $5 2505 50; stockers
and spring lambs In good demand.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April IS.— CATTLE— Receipt", 2500.
Market a shade lower; native beef steers, $4®
5; Western steers. $3 80® 4 70; Texas steers,
$3 2554 25; cows and heifers. $3 SO^M 30; can
ners, J2 2">^3 25; stockers and feeders, $3 80®
5 10; hulls, stags, etc.. $2 6<W3 "5.
HOGS— Receipts, 6500. Market Bo lower;
heavy. $3 fiS'rf.'J 75; mixed. $3 65<t?3 67H; light,
53 8503 67' 2 : hulk of sales, $3 6."ff3 67H
SHEEP—Receipts, 19<K>. Market strong; fair
to choice natives, $3 SO-JH 80; fair to choice
Western*. ?3 60<&4 70; common and stock sheep,
*3@4; lambs, *4 25!f?'> 70.
DENVER.
DENVER, April 13.—CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market easi<-r. Be«f steers, $3 GOtfi 45; cows.
$2 6003 75; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 75
'<i!i'i; stock»rs, freight paid, $4@4 60; bulls,
stags, etc.. $2f;3.
HOGS— Re^-t-ipts. r.*Xi. Market 5c lower.
Light packers, $3 65^3 70; mixed, $3 60@3 65,
heavy, $3 6f>TjS 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 18.— Consols. 110 13-18; silver.
26d; French rentes, 162f 97tte@102f 85&
LIVERPOOL. April 13.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California wheat, 39b; cargoes Walla
Walla wheat. 38s 9d; cargoes oft coast, firm;
cargoes on passage, firmer; English country
markets, steady; French country markets, firm:
Liverpool wheat, No. 1 California, 7s lOdf?
Ts lid; wheat in Paris, firm; flour in Paris,
firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 8 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
firm. 7s lOd; spot No. 1 red Northern spring,
firm, 8s Id.
CORN— April, Bteady, 8s lH4d; May, iteady,
3s 4d; July, steady, 3s 4V4d.
CASH IN THE TREASURT.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The statement of
the condition of the treasury shows: Available
cash balance, $225,462,668; gold reserve, $179,
666,628.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 13.— Wheat firm and
irregular. Walla Walla. 82<3S3c; valley and
blue stem, 85@S6c per bushel.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., April 13.— Exchanges, $398,
580; balances, $76.188.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE *ND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81V4
Sterling Exchanr 60 days — 4 S4Vi
Sterling Cables .... — 4 85
New York Exchange, Bight — 16
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17>4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 16%
Mexican Dollars 48 46Vi
WHEAT AND OHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures advanced again and spot
prices also showed a further Improvement. The
demand for shipment has been completely shut
oit by the rise In prices, and the only Inquiry
Is for local consumptive account.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 67Mj@
1 €0 for No. 1, $1 62V4 for choice and $1 65®
1 70 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
! Informal session — 9:16 o'clock — December—
10,000 ctls, $15614; 6000, U86%; 14,000, $166Vt:
6000. $1 56% ; 2000. $1 56%. ■ :.'..- r
Second session— December— ctls, . $167%;
28,000. $1 58%: £000. «1 SSH; 24,000, *- -"'-.
Regular morning session — December—
ctls, J168V4: 12,000, 58%; 2000, $1 5854; 4000,
$15S: 6000, $1 57%; 4000, $157%; 2000, $157^; 4000,
$1 67%. '•' • • " -•'
Afternoon session — December— 2o,ooo ctls,
11 »7; 20,000, $1 57H; '2000 $166%. .
BARLEY— Prices for futures were higher
again, but there was no change In spot quota
tions." The demand for Feed is not sharp, as
buyers are taking as little as possible.
Feed, $1 40@l 45. Brewing, nominal at $1 47Vi@
1 60. ' ' ' -
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal session — 9:16 o'clock — December—
8000 ctls, $1 40.
Second session- December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 40.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctl»,
$13'."ir; aeOO. $139%; 2000, $139%; 2000, $139%.
Afternoon session— December— Booo ctls, - 1 38;
OATS— The market exhibited its usual ad
vance. The demand Is nothing extra, as the
higher prices restrict trade.
Fancy Feed. $1 42Vi@l 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37'A'ffl 42' i; common, $1 30@l 36; Sur
prise, $1 37»2<£1 45; gray, $130@135; milling,
$1 8601 42V6 per ctl.
CORN— la firm, but quiet. Offerings are not
B Small round yellow. $1 15®1 20 per ctl; large
yellow. $1 12«!«n 15! white, $1 15f£l 17%.
RYE— Firmly held at $1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 9^®2_per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
The China steamer took out 9410 barrel* of
Flour. The market : for ..; all descriptions ■is
stiff, but no further advance .Is noted. . .
: FLOUR— Extras, $5 25@5 35; Bakers'
Extras, $o@s 10 per. bb1.;,.: „ v
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3, per. 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; : Commeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal.'. $4: Oat Groats, $4 2:.;
Hominy, 13 25@3 60: Buckwheat Flour, $4.^4 23;
Cracked Wheat, 13 75; Farina, $4 75;. Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
66 20; in (sacks'. $3 €o®6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The mills have advanced Oilcake Meal and
Coeoanut Cake.
Bran has again bwn marked up.
Straw has made a sharp advance, as It la
now being used for feed in the country.
Oat Hn,y has gone up slightly nxain. There
is no longer any stock Hay on the market.
BRAN—S2Ki2I 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SB3@2S EO per ton.
FEEDSTI'FFS— Rolled Barley, $30®31 per
ton;- Ollfnkc .Meal at the mill, $31?j>31 50; job
bing $32*32 DO: Coeoanut Cake, $24ft2ri : Cot
tonseed Meal. ?2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24;
Cracked Corn, *241525. . .' .
HAY— (Ex-car In round ' lots)— Wheat, $21®
25; Wheat and Oat, $20<g>24: Oat, $IS@2l 60; Bar
ley, $18021; compressed Wheat, $21®25: . com
pressed Oat, tlS@2l; Alfalfa;. |l4@l6 25; Clover,
$14@15. : •
STRAW— 6O@7Oc per bale. , , ■
BEANS AND SEEDS. ■
Beans * rule firm -at the - Quotations. Seeds
show no change. •
BEANS— $2 80®2 95; Small Whites,
91 60@l 60; ' Large Whites. $1 Bo@l 60: . Pinks,
$2 50@2 65; Reds, $2 50; Blackeye. $2 75@2 85;
Butters... $1 40@l 60; Llmas, $2 35@2 40; Pea,
$1 50@l 60; Red Kidneys, $2@2 35 per ctl. '
SEEDS— Mustard, $2@3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $303 15; Flax, ■$2 35; Canary Seed,
2>4@2%c per lb: Alfalfa, 3©6 c; Rape, 2Vi@2?ic;
Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, !)@5V4c. '
DRIED PEAS— $1 60@l 85; Green. $1 75
ig2 per ctl. . " ■
.POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts of Summer Vegetable* continue
heavy and the market Is weak.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, SO-^oc; River Reds,
B0f;60c; River Burbanks, 50(fT6Oc per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 55@S5c; Petal uma Burbanks, 50
@70c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l 10 for
Merced; new Potatoes, l^:2c per lb.
ONlONS— Choice. $2 r>n<32 85: common, $1 75®
2 25 per ctl; out Onions, oOcgl 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1254 boxes As
paragus, 902 boxeß Rhubarb and 554 MCkl Peas.
Asparagus, $1 75 for extra large. $1 25'g'l 50 per
box for No. 1. ROcWl for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25@75c
per box for small to good and S»cigsl for extra
choice; Alameda Green Peas, 75cWJi i.. per Back;
Dried Peppers, 6ff7c per lb; Dried Okra, 12^c;
Cabbage, 65075 c per ctl; Carrots, 25@60c per
sack; Garlic, B<?n»c per lb; Cucumbers, 40c@$l
per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, 7."c'9'sl 50.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 120 per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16<glSc; granulated raw,
ISo: Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c: new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans,. 30c; Tomatoes. 500.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Prices remain about the same. Another car
of Eastern goes on to-day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@>130 for Gob
blers, and 12(5*1 3c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 2691 50; Goslings. $2-52 50; Ducks, $4@>s for
old and JB'S'S for young; Hens' $4® 5; Roosters,
young. $7 50f§8 50; Roosters, old, $3 7594; Fry
era. $6 50tff7: Broilers, $5@5 50 for large, $2 50<<f>
350 for small ; Pigeons, $1 75®2 per dozen for
young and $1 2. r ><sl 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER CHEESE AND EGGS.
Fine dairy Is now bringing almost as much
as creamery, »omething that seldom happens.
There Is no change in Eggs, which are quiet
and steady.
BUTTER—
Creamerj'— Fancy creameries, 18%@19o; sec
onds, 16%@17Hc
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17@18Hc; second
grades, 14® 16c per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16V£c;
ladle-packed. 15#16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to good, 7V4'<7SVic; Cream Cheddar, 10® lie;
Young America, 10-ffllc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern 12^i? 13Hc per lb.
KGGS^ Ranch Eggs, 13@14Hc per dozen; store
Eggs, 12(g13c; Eastern, 12'4if13%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Strawberries are showing the effect* of the
heat and are coming in soft.
Choice Apples are firm, but not active. There
Is no change in Citrus Fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 60<&75c per drawer for large and
75cCg$l 15 for small berries.
Apples, 40@50c per box for common, 75c® $1
for good to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 25*32 50;
Seedlings, 50c@$l; Lemons, 60e(gJl for common
and $1 25(g2 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$4@4 50; California Limes, In small boxes, 40<SJ
50c: Bananas, $1 25#2 per bunch; Pineapples,
?3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The market continues . steady, with a good
demand in a small way for the descriptions al
ready mentioned.
PRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3%©
4%c for 40-50's, ZK@3%c for 80-BO's," 2*i@3» / 4c for
CO-70's. 2Vi@2?ic for 70-80's. I\<g2>4c for 80-90' s, |
l'V'l^c for 90- 100" s; Peaches, 3<gsc: fancy, 5V4
®6c; peeled, 10@12V4c; Apricots, s@6'4c for Roy
als and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6%@7c; sun-dried, 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2Hc; Plums, 4 t / 4©4%c
for pitted and llil'ic for unpitted; bleached
Plums, s(gsVic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2 ( 64 1 , 2 c for quarters and S®sV4c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAlSlNS— l\<(ift2c for two-crown, 3c for three- I
crown, 3>£c for four-crown, ■ 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, lite
Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per lb;
Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell and 4©Gc for soft
shell; Almonds, 3(g4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, SVi<i?9e for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4#sHc for Eastern and 44 l 2 c for California; Pe
cans, 6>4(gSc; Filberts, SU/</ioc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 60®6 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9® 10c for bright and 6@7c I
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s%<S6c;
light amber extracted, Mi®64e per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per It) for
heavy. 9%c for light medium. I0«io for light,
lie for extra light and 12^c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lOVjffllc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $11@12; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,slß; mess,
$16; Smoked Beef, ll<??12c per It).
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per Tb
for compound and 7c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces, SHC per tb for compound
and 6'ac for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10- It) tins,
7M;c; 5-Tb tins, Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6T6@6%c; packages,
less than 300 tt>s— l-tb pails, 60 in a case, B%c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb pails, 12 In a
case, BHc; 10-tb palls, 6 in a case, BV4c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
Ths net, ~%c; fancy tubs, 80 tbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 Tbs, "Vie per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides lfj'S'ie'^c: culls and brands, 13@13Msc;
dry Kip and Veal, IG(§I6VSC; dry Calf, Is<§2oc;
culls, 10<3'17c; Goatskin*. SOWSVUc each; Kids,
6910 a; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c per tb;
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20@30c each; short wool, 40@70c each;
medium. 70090 a; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3(3"34c per !t>; No.
2, 2f?2Uc; refined, Be; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
12^130; Northern, defective, 9@llc per tb.
HOPS — 1896 crop, 2,fiGc for poor to fair and
B<gloc for good; 1897 crop, ll@l4c per tb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak and dealers will not give over
the top quotation. The other descriptions are
unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— quality. 6V£@7c; second quality,
6%@6c; third quality, 4@sc per It).
VEAL— Large, 6@6%c; small, 7@7%c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, S&@9c per It).
LAMB— Spring, 9@loc per Ib. ■■ •
"PORK— Live Hogs, 3%<i?3 T 4c for large and 4c
for medium; stock • Hogs, *2&<B>3c; dressed Hogs,
sH@6%c. -. ::■-_ ;■-. .-4- ■_-.■
GENERAL MERCHANDISE. '
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $6 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per* ton; New "Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and
$11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, G%c; Dry,
Granulated, s\c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 6%c; Extra C. B^c; Golden C. 5%c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c; California A, s'/4c per
11); half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, April IS.
Flour, qr sks ... 15,016 Hay, f-ns 196
Barley, ctls 1,990 Straw, tons 69
Cheese, ctls 230] Wool, hales 472
Butter, ctls 377, Lime, bbls 402
Beans, sks l.llojWine, gals 33.150
Shorts, sks Wfl-Paper.ream s .... 3<V)
Potatoes. skß ... 1,303 Hides, no 108
Onions, sks B8 Raisins, bxs .... 59
Bran, sks 3,075 Eggs, doz 13.560
Middlings, sks .. 14" Quicksilver, flsk. fit
Pelts, bdls <5 Leather, rolls ... 27
OREGON.
Wheat, ctl« 1,2901 Potatoes, sks ... 3,600
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sk» ... 6.412 Oats, ctls 7.940
Wheat, ctls 8,910 Bran. *ks 6.793
Barley, ctls 1.275 Flaxseed. sks ... IS
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls
THE STOCK MARKET.
Tlie-re was another had break In mlnli g
stockfc yesterday, especially in the afternoon,
Ks-j.-ra Nevada selling down to SOc, Con. Cb< &
Va. to 81c, Hale & Norcross to 75c, Gould ti.
Curry to 10c, Occidental to $2 50, and bo on.
Selling was free at the decline.
The Champion mine of Nevada City has de
clared dividend No. 47 of 25c, payable on tlie
l'Uh.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of "0c per share on the 20th.
Hereafter the dividends of the Nevada Na
tional Bank will be paid semi-annually in-
Btead of quarterly, a* by the old Nevada Rank.
The Portland Traction Company bas levied
an assessment of $1 per share, delinquent May
12th.
In the Belcher mine on the 1200-foot level the
north drift from the east crosscut is now In
145 feet. The face is in low-grade quartz. The
east crosscut from the north drift on the same
level is out 52 feet. The face shows porphyry.
On the SSO-foot level the Joint Belcher and
Crown Point west crosscut from the top of up
raise No. 1 is out 22 feet. The face Is in
quartz giving low assays. There were hoisted
during the week 53 mining carloads of ore, the
average car sample assay of which was $18 92
per ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to six carloads of ore. of the
average assay value of $22 36 per ton. There
is no material change In the condition of. the
mine.
In the Savage Mining Company's ground on
the Comstock lode, on the 130-foot level, the
main west drift has been cleaned out and re
paired a distance of 15 feet; total length, 488
feet. Brunswick lode— The main north drift.
ROO level, was advanced 10 feet; total length,
437 feet: face In porphyry and bunches of low
grade quartz. Incline shaft No. 1 has been
sunk a distance of 11 feet; total depth, 1181
feet; bottom In hard porphyry.
In the Chollar mine they have placed one set
of timbers in the main incline during the week
below the 1100 station and are still repairing
this incline. They have stopped the west
crosscut on the 100 level 60 feet north of the
south line and have started an east crosscut
opposite it, which is out 12 feet. On the tun
nel level the west crosscut, 60 feet north of the
south line has been advanced 8 feet; total
length, 32 feet; face In porphyry and quartz,
the latter assaying $20 per ton. In the Chol
lar company's ground on the Brunswick lode,
incline shaft No. 1 was sunk 11 feet during
the week through hard rock; total depth, 1181
feet on the slope. 200 level— Are saving a few
carloads per week or" good ore from the streak
above this level. They are repairing various
places throughout the mine. The electric
blower and lighting plant is in operation, and
is a success— both in lighting and for run
ning the blowers on the 500 level.
In the Potosl mine on the tunnel level, the
joint Bulllon-Potosi south drift was advanced
21 feet; total length, 020 feet; face in por
phyry and low-grade quartz. It has about 87
feet to go to connect with the Croesus shaft.
The Joint repairs by the Bulllon-Potoai com
panies on the Croesus shaft have been com
pleted for 225 feet. Brunswick lode— lncline
shaft No. 1 has b«>en sunk 11 feet for the week
through hard rock and is now down 1181 feet
on the slope. The main south drift has been
driven 23 feet: total length, 281 feet from the
north line. The face is In porphyry and low
grade quartz. The hanging wall is in sight
on the east side of the drift.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
WEDNESDAY, April 13—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
TJ S Xonds— MEL Co — 13%
4s quar coup.. llo 111 Oakland Gas,. 40% 42%
4s quar reg.. .loS%loS%ipao Gas Imp.. — 84
4s quar new..,l2o%l2lV>lPac L Co — 64
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. — 85%
Cal-st Cab 65.114%116 San Fran 3% 4
Cat El 8s 125 — Stock Gas 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 102% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Firem's Fund. l9o —
E L & P 65. .123 128% Bank Stocks—
F&Ch Ry 6s, — 117 Anglo-Cal .... — 62
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1.. 242 —
'I r - & S 5%.. 100 105 Cal S D & T. — 100
LA L Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....200 —
Do gntd Is.. — • 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Market-st 65..125t126% Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55..110%110% Nev Nat 8...150 155
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNg Ry 75. 102 — Ger S & L.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 65.. — 112 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55..100%101 Mutual Say. — 42%
SPCRR 6s. 103 — S F Say U.. 485 600
N7N 7 PC Ry 05. .101% — S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal Ry 65.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 5b... 100 — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d is 55.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s — 125% California ....107% —
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P&Ch Rv ■*. — 110 Market-st .... 61 H 62%
Powell-st 65... — 117 Presidio 6 —
Reno TVL,&L..IO<I — Pov. der—
SacElec Ry 05.104%105% California ....J2O '—
SF & N P 55>.104 104% E Dynamite... 85 95
I SlerraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. 40 1 4 40%
I S P of Ar 65.. — 102% Vigorlt 2% 2%
I S P Cal 61.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
I SPC Is eg 55.. — 96% Al Pac Assn.. 96% 97%
S P Br 6s 110*4 — Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... 115%— Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45... 101 102 H C & S Co.. 23% 23%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103% Hutch S P Co. 43% —
Water — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 60 Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marin Co BO — Oceanic S Co. 46 48
Spring Valley. 99 99% Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 99 —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. fi% —
Morning Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 4150 I
65 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 75
150 Hutchinson S P Co 44 00
20 Spring Valley Water 99 12%
Street—
25 Spring Valley "Water 99 12%
Afternoon Session.
30 Giant Powder Con 40 50
65 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 75
300 do do '.. 23 50
5 do do 23 62%
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 47 00
50 Hutehinson S P Co 44 00
50 do do 43 75
$2000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 110 00
$2000 do do ■:.." .................11025
$7000 do do . :..'. V.i.' 110 50
• 30 Spring Valley Water. ...........;...... 99 12%
1 do do 99 25
195 .do do 99 00
$1000 S P of A Bonds ....102 00
Street— ■
50 Hutchinson S P Co *.._* 44 00
INVESTMENT . rOABD.
Morning Session.
20 Giant Powder 4125
20 S F Gas & Electric 84 00
Street—
20 S F Gas & Electric 84 00
Afternoon Session.
$5000 Oakland Gas, 2d issue, 6s 109 25
40 Hutchinson S P C 0..... 43 60
60 S F Gas ■& Electric 84 00
20 Spring Valley Water s 10... 99 00
Street—
6 Spring Valley Water, s 10 99 25 ;
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ' .*;".
100 Belcher 15 j 500 Ophir .03 !
550 Best & Belcher. 37 600 Overman . 06 I
800 Challenge 21 400 Potosl 31
100 22 200... 30 |
100 Chollar 3." 200 Seg Belcher .... 03
250 Con Cal & Va.. SS 300 Sierra Nevada.. 87
20 85 50 88
300 Crown Point ... 13 100 Union Con 31 I
1450 Gould & Curry. 15 100 29 j
600 Mexican 27 200. 32;
50 Occidental ....;.2 80 '.- .•
Afternoon Session. -
500Alta 29 1 100 Occidental 2 65
200 Andes ' 13 100 2 60
200 Belcher 15 100 2 55
100 14 200 Ophir 62 1
350 Best Belcher... 25 100 61
,560 Chollar ..... . 28 200 Overman 06 I
50 29 5.00 Potosi .25
100 Con Cal & Va.. 85 200 Savage it
150 84 250 Seg Belcher .... 03 i
200 : 8? 200 Sierra Nevada.. 84,
100 82 200 ....i.... $2 '•
300 81200 80
100 Crown Point ... 15 200*i.\... ............. 81
300 Gould & Curry.. 14 10 Standard 160
200........ 13 600 Union con ....... 25 i
250 Hale & Norcrs. 75 400 Yellow Jacket... 14 1
400 Mexican ........ 25 ' SXBESSa/SSaUVBK
Following were the sales in the Pacific' Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700Alta ............ 22|200 82
900 ...... 23 300.. 80
800 :. .... : 24 j 200 Justice 17
200.. 25 i 400 Mexican : : 27
200 Andes ........... 13 1 100 Occidental ......275
200...... ..../...... 14 400 Ophlr 64
200 Best & Belcher. 38 300 ...... 65
200........ 37 300 Potosi .. 29
500 Caledonia ....... 23 500 ::.... 30
200 Challenge Con .. 21 400 Savage .......... 16
050 Chollar ......35 300 Sierra. Nevada.. '95
700 Con Cal & Va.. 90 300 ...... ....94
200 ............ 92 400 ........ 93
600..... 88 300 ...92
500 87 360 ............ 91
400 Crown Point ... 17 800 ;...;.......■ 90
700 Gould & Curry.. 15 900 Union Con M
950...... ........:... 16 500 ....... ....30
800 Hale & Norcrs. 84
' ' ' Afternoon Session.
700 Alpha 05 200 Ophlr ......."..... 62
600 AHa ..............27 200 61
500 28 200 56
1100 .-. ■'" » 150 Potosi .......;... 30
200 Belcher ......... 15 300 Savage .......... 13
200 Best & Belcher. 35 800 S B & M........ 03
500 Bullion 04 600 Sierra Nevada.. 89
600 Caledonia .21 700 ...... ...; 88
300 Chollar .......... .29 200 .................. 82
500 28 500 ...:.. -;...;. 81
200 Con Cal & Va.. 86 350 .................. 80
200/....... .......81 200...... ..,} 74
200 .:...'...... 73 200 Union Con ...... 29
200Crow.n Point ... 14 200 .....27
400 ...... V .....:....... 13 300 ...26
600 Gould & Curry.. 13 300 ...... : 25
200 Hale & Norcrs. 75 1000 Utah ■ 05
EOO Justice .......... 16 500 ............ 04
300 Mexican ........ 27 200 Yellow Jacket... 14
200.;.... ............ 23 1 . ■-. ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ''
WEDNESDAY,. ApriI 13—4 p. m. >
Bid. Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... — 06 Julia' ............ — 03
Alta 26 28 Justice ......"... 16 :^lB
Andes 12 14 Kentuck ....... 01 03
Belcher... 14 15 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con .... — 30 Mexican ....... 23 24
Best & Belchr." 33 -35 Occidental •...;. 2- SO » —
Bullion ..03 05 Ophir 66 57
Caledonia 21 22 Overman 06 07
Chollar ...;..:....' 2B; 30 Potost 29 .30
Con Cal & Va. 75 76 1 Savage ......... ■11 12
Challenge Con. .* 19 21 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Confidence ..... — 65 Scorpion ..- 04 . —
Con Imperial .. 01 '"- 02 Sierra Nevada. 73 75
Crown Point ..13 16 Silver Hill .... — 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate ....... —'- 05
Eureka Con ... — 25 Standard :..'.. .1 60 ■•'• —
Exchequer-.....'— 05 Union Con .... 22 23
Gould & Curry. 11 12 Utah .03 04
Hale & Norcrs. '73 75 Yellow Jacket. 11 12
' ..."■■■ ■ m ' . . ._,....■
Glasgow, Kyi,' recently advertised the
sale of two negroes who [ were persist
ent vagrants,' It was the first ;proced
ure of the kind sinee 1865. : The law or
ders the sale of their services for the
term of their sentence, the purchaser
being* obliged to feed, house and clothe
; them. ,
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1898.
Sa.
.-■■•.-•■, >>•
Th.
Moon's Phases.
10 11
3
4
is
18
20
' 7
M
21
"a"
1
8
15
it!
2
— i
y
16
i
©Full Moon.
April 6.
/ft Last Quarter
j*& April 13.
'. jZZi. New Moon,
W April 20.
i -^Flrst Quarter,
17 IS
21 25
I »
NOTICE TO MARI-.ERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cor -tally Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and inference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befors
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day frorsj
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar»
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time ir giving the error. If any, is
published the same dnv by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlne papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetle Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
APRIL— IB9B.
Thursday, April 14.
Sun rises. 8:M
Sun Bets 6:45
Moon rises:....: ..........1:55 a. m.
iH ffi II W' h w; il wj
14 5:29
L W
15 0:59
16 2:00
17 2:52
IS 3:40
19 4:17
20 4:57
r.ts
W
2.8
2.1
[ W
6:49
8:00
L W
1:23
2:14
B:U2
8:40
4:15
4:48
hVvi
"""*
6.2
i.i
6.1
6.8
6.;
5.7
11:42
1.7
IJ
10::
11:1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tldea are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
•econd time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The helghu
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of ti lower low waten.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE).
norm jsotk.
Burma
Venus
Santa Rosa
Oregon
Aliceßlanchard
Australia
Coos Bay .....
Umatllla
Crescent City..
Orizaba
We«ott
Humooidt
Nnnalmo
Chin:* ana Japan
San Dloe-o
Portland
Seattle
Seattle
Newport.
Victoria & Pueet Sna. ....
Crescent City
HumDoldt
Humboldt
San Diego
China and Japan
Panama
Portland
Humboldt .^^~.
Apr 14
Apr 14
Apr 15
Apr l.i
Apr 15
Apr 15
Apr 16
Apr 17
Apr 1T
AprlT
Aprß
Apr 18
Apr la
Apr 19
Apr 19
Apr 20
Apr 21
Pomona
City of Ri0.....
Newport
State or Cai
Homer
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ATION'I
Sails
Arcata
Chlikat
Orizaba.. ..
Samoa
Homer
Aztec
Morgan Cy.
Walla WUa
Nortn Fork
Suiit-i Rosa
Oregon
Cltyof Para
Coos Bay..
Alameda ..
Weeott
Umatllla. ..
Venus
Coos Bar
Humboldt ...
urn bo 1i1t ....
Humboldt
Humboldt ...
Chlnn A Japan.
Alaska
I Vie & Pet Snd
I Humboldt. ..
isan Uiefto
'Portland
Panama......
Newport
Sydney
Humboldt. ...
Vie & Pert Snd
China & Japan
San Diesro
Apr 14. 10 am Pier 1»
Apr 14. Ham Pier 13
Apr H. 10 am Pier H
Apr 14, 2 pm Pier 2
Apr 15. 9 AM Pier 11
Apr 15. 1 PM PM SS
Apr It;, 4 pm Pier 12
Apr 18. 10 am Pier 9
A pr 17. Dam Pier 2
!Apr 17. 11 am Pier 11
jApr 18.10 AM Pier 24
Apr IS. 12 M PM SS
I Apr ltf. 9 am Pier 11
Apr 20, 2 PM Pier 7
Apr 20. '.» AM Pier U
Apr 31. 10 am Pier 9
Apr 21, 1 pm PM S3
(Apr 21. 11 am Pier 11
Apr 2;{, 1U AM Pier 34
Pomona
Portland
i
"the time ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco April
13. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. t. McMillan,
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April IS.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 26 houra frm Eureka,
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, 72 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg, 16 hours frm Albion.
Ship Elwell, Ryder, 11 days from Nanaimo.
Br bark Willscott. Mitchell, 71 days from
Kobe, bound for Royal Roads; put In in distress
Schr Reliance, Christiansen, 24 hours from
Stillwater Cove.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, April 13.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co,
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymas via San
Pedro; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Ship Indiana, "°rrey, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Ship Benjamin F Packard, Allen, Tacoma;
Williams, Dimond & Co.
Bark Merom, Peterson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Swanson, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
Br bark Invercoe, Lewis, Queenstown; G W
McXear. .
Schr Eureka, Asplund, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn.
• Schr Eva, Klitgaard, Hana; M S Greenbaum
& Co.
. SAILED.
Wednesday. * "ril 13.
Stmr State of California. Green, Astoria.
j Strfir Pctnona, Debney, San Diego and way
ports.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, Eureka and Crescent
City.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas via San
Pedro.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.'
Bark Albert, Griffiths, Honolulu.
Br bark Helen Denny, Smith, Adelaide.
Bktn Addenda. Delano. Nlcolaefskl.
Schr .T Epplnger, Colstrup.
Schr La Chllena, Matson, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS^-April 13. 10 p. m.— Weathe*
hazy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Marathon loads wheat and flour at Ta
coma for South Africa: Zampa, lumber at
Grays Harbor for Guaymas. ■-. .
;.> SPOKEN.
Mar 16—12 N 3 W. Br bark Ochtertyre, from
Oregon for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Alliance,
from Orca. ' •> '
S CCOS . BAY— Sailed Apr 12— Schr T^ebfoot.for
San Francisco. ' • . ■ ' . ■
• SEATTLE— Apr Stmr City or
Topeka, from Dyea. . .
Sailed Apr 12— Stmr Australia, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Apr B— Br ship
Comliebank. and r-* on 12th, as previously re
ported.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 13— Stmr Alliance,
from Orca. -.' ■■ • ■ "■ . ■
ASTORIA— Apr 13— Stmr Oregon, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Apr 13— Schr
Annie Larsen. hence April 2. L*
PORT ANGELLo— In bay Apr 13— Ship Wa
chusett, hence Apr 2. i
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Apr 12— Stmr Huene
me, from Seattle. ■
POINT REYES— Passed Apr 13— Stmr Homer,
from Eureka for San Francisco. . .;
NEW WHATCQM— Arrived Apr 9— Br ship
Reliance, from Astoria. '
EUREKA— Apr 13— Schr H D Ben
dlxen. for Seattle. '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Apr 10— Chil
bark Ana ■ Catharina, from Callao.
VENTURA— SaiIed Apr 13— Schr Monterey. for
San. Francisco; schr C.T Hill, for Grays Har
bor.
FORT BRAGG— Apr Schr Bar
bara Hernster. hence Apr 11. '--
< Sailed Apr 13— Stmr Coqullle River, for San
Francisco. • • . . - - ;
'■-. SEATTLE— Apr 13— Schr Jane Grey,
hence Mar: 26. •• • • _ ,
■ ■ Sailed Apr 13— Stmr Farallon, for Dyea.
" A— Sailed Apr IS— Chil chip Star of
Italy, for Sydney. '■ ■  . , ■.•
. NEWPORT— Apr 13— Stmr Jewel, for
San . . FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Apr 10— Russ ship En
dymton, hence Nov 27; Br ship King Edward,
I hence Nov 15. , . .
COLON—A Apr 12— Stmr " Advance, frm
COROKEL— Arrived Apr 11— Str Conemaugh.
from New -York for San Francisco.
BRISTOL— SaiIed Apr 12— Br ship Simla, for
Barry ■ ■
FALMOUTH— SaiIed Apr 12— Ital ship. Mac
diarmid. for. Hull. . „ -■. -
•PANAMA—Arrived Mar 23— Rtmr Newport.ho
Feb .28. Mar 24— Stmr San Jose( from Cham-
P< YokOHAMA— Arrived Apr 12— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
Palled Apr 12— Br s-tmr Mogul, for Oregon. -
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Apr 10— Br ship
Grenada, for San Diego. .. ■_ . ,' - ,
— Arrived Mar 6—6 — ship Talus, hnce
Oct 6. -'• '■--■■ • ■•' ■ ■'• ■'-■■ " " " ■ •; V
. GUAYMAS— Arrived Apr 12— Schr C A Thay
er. from Grays Harbor. „ - ■-.. ■ ; , -
* Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund, IS hours . from
. Cleona. J
1920
WALLER HAS
A DECIDED
WATERLOO
Attempts to Create a
New Principalship
in Richmond.
His Scheme to Divide the
School Meets With
Defeat
Row Over the Appointment of
a Head to the Evening Busi
ness School.
•
RAGAN'S FRIEND JORDAN.
Resolution to Promote Vice- Principal
Folkes Bitterly Opposed—Ham
mond's Patriotism.
Resolved, That the two outside
classes connected with the Richmond
School be called the Jackson School,
and that Miss Sophia A. Grote be
elected principal of the said Jackson
School and transferred thereto from
the Golden Gate School.
SAM L. WALLER,
PHIL HAMMOND,
DR. D. F. RAGAN,
DR. GEORGE S. DRUCKER,
T. R. CAREW.
T. A. BURNS.
That little resolution caused a wild
time in the Board of Education yester
day, and was only defeated because
Waller and the other signers could not
pet another member to stand in with
thorn.
"When the resolution was read Head
attacked it in vigorous terms as en
tirely unwarranted and intended only
to advance Miss Grote. He said the
residents of the Richmond District
were clamoring; for a new school build
ing which waa also an absolute neces
sity, and that the two classes which
are now quartered in buildings in !ose
proximity to the Richmond School
would all be under one roof, but Miss
Grote, having been made a principal,
could not be reduced again, and would
have to be provided for somewhere else.
He asked if Superintendent Webster
approved the plan.
Mr. Webster replied that he had
never heard of it bof<>re and certainly
did not approve cf it.
Waller and Drucker attempted to de
fend the proposition, and President
Barrington called Carew to the chair
while he took the floor in opposition to
it. Gallagher also opposed it a.s a jab,
and the motion was lost, the six sign
er? voting in favor of it.
The next fight occurred just prior to
adjournment, and it looked for a mo
ment as though Waller and Head might
"mix matters." During the executive
session of the committee of the whole
an effort was made to reach an agree
ment in regard to appointing a prin
cipal of the Evening Business School.
vice Kilpatrick, removed. Head and
others wanted to promote Vice-Prin
cipal Folkes, but Ragan as usual had
a man for the place, Mr. Jordan, a
teacher in the Washington Grammar
School. After wrangling till nearly 5
k the committee adjourned and
the regular session began. After the reg
ular business had been disposed of Ra
pan left the meeting, but as a motion to
adjourn was made, a resolution was
passed up appointing Folkes to the
place. Hammond moved to substitute
the name of Jordan and the fight was
on. Carew became all tangled up in
parliamentary laws, and Waller
seemed to run things about as he
pleased, having entered the fight in Jor
dan's behalf. His language to Head
was noticeably bittf-r, and once when
he drew near in a boisterous manner
Head said: "Oh, don't get so close to
me; I don't want tn be contaminated."
Then Waller calmed down somewhat.
A vote was finally taken, resulting in
six for Folkes and five for Jordan. As
it required a majority of the board th«
matter went over till the next meet-
ing.
Hammond afforded much amusement
by moving that Ppanish should no
longer be taught in the public schools
Th' re was no second to the motion.
THE UNLUCKY CORONA IN FLAMES.
SEVERELY DAMAGED LAST EVENING AFTER A ROUGH VOYAGE,
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's unlucky steamer Corona, which
was towed into this port last Tuesday
in a disabled condition, was partially
destroyed by fire last evening, and but
for the heroic efforts of the firemen who
responded to an alarm from box 354
early last evening, and those employed
on the fire tug Governor Markham, the
ship would have been burned to the
water's edge. About 7 o'clock flames
were seen issuing, from the ship, and
within a few minutes < it ' looked as
though the vessel, as well as the
*t&a4wai»6treet wharf : where she was
Drucker's resolution, providing that
leave of absence be granted to all
teachers who enlisted for the war, and
that tfrey be given their positions back
upon their return, met with a better
fate and was passed, Riigaii being ex
cused from voting.
The muddle over the building of the
Mission High School was taken notice
of in the form of a resolution calling
on the Rae Building Company to com
plete its contract and in case no steps
were taken in that direction in three
days the board would finish the work
and deduct the cost from the contract.
Ragan's resolution placing teachers
whose classes were consolidated on the
substitute list was referred to the com
mittee of the whole.
Resolutions were passed as follows:
Instructing Architect Welch to prepare
plans and specifications of the repairs
necessary on the Girls' High School
building, by reason of the recent earth
quake, and instructing the secretary to
advertise for bids for the same; recom
mending the assignment of Mrs. M.
Cashman as special teacher of sewing
in the Franklin Grammar School; that
A. H. Cooke be transferred from the
Girls' High School to the Polytechnic
and Mission High schools; that the
Lowell High School be placed at the
service of the Board of Examiners, of
the Civil Service Commission, on May
7; granting certificates as follows: Miss
Marie Siermomient, teacher in French;
Miss Rose Cashman, special in sewing;
Miss Savah Hunt and Daniel Deasy.
primary grade; Miss V. Stewart, gram
mar grade; Mrs. M. M. Fitzgerald, Miss
Janet Wade, Miss Mary Ragan, High
School. That Miss J. E. Stone be
elected a regular teacher.
Leaves of absence were granted as
follows: Miss E. Arnold, Hamilton
Grammar; Mrs. E. Schmitt, unas
signed; Miss A. E. Sutherland, unas
signed; Miss L. Gillespie, Hamilton
Grammar: W. H. Hyde, substitute, and
Miss M. A. Burnett, Sutro Primary.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
T. .T. Shackleford (by E. B. Pond and H. C.
Campbell, trustees), to same, 1706 d 34, same
■ trustees' deed). J6SW.
Estate of G. F. Sharp (by J. Hunt, execu
tor) to Susan Lowe, lot on SE corner of Ala
meda and Potrero avenues, S 131:8^4, E 105:4* 4 ,
S 5:9 V E J4:Ti 4 . N 137:6. W 200; $40.
R. W. and Mary E. Tansill (by A. S. Bald
win, attorney) to W. H. Masters, lot on E line
of Sixteenth avenue, 200 S of C street, S 25 by
E 127:6; JlO.
W. A. and Elizabeth Hicks to John P. La
cazp, lot 4, block 43. Sunnysld»; $10.
Estate of George J. or George O'Connor
minor (by Eugene W. Levy, trustee), to George
J. O'Connor, lot on SE line of Mission (San
Jose) mad. 199 NE of Prectta. avenue, NE 66,
SE 99:11. S 70:S»«. NW 125:6; also lot on Xff
corner Twenty-third and Mission streets, N 31,
W 100, N 61, TV 25, S 92. E 125 (trustee's deed).
Charles B. Heald to Oscar Johnson, lot on E
line of Shakespeare street. 50 S of Isabella S
45 by E 70, lots 1442 and 1443. gift map 3; $16.
Ella M. Tanson iHulbert) to Robert T. Tan
son, lnt on PW corner of Wayland and Madi
son streets, W 120 by S 200. lots 1 and 2, block
167. University Mound; gift.
George Darsie (by Union Trust Company, at
; rnny) to James F. Anthony, lot on SW cor
ner Grand Ocean Boulevard and Lee avenue.
W K.BB, S 101:1, E 25, N 94:4, lot 32, block 3,
Lake View Tract; $550.
Miss Maude Hall to Katie L. Mackay (wife
of J. Ross Mackay). lot on SE line of Athens
street. 275 NE of India avenue. XE 50 by SE
100; lots 18 and 19, block fi9, Silver H.Mg-hts': $10.
Helene Fahrbach to David and Annie Cohen,
lot on N line of Ellis, 137:6 W Franklin, W 27:6
1 y N 1?7:6, $10.
Same to Rose and Julie Lazarus, lot on N
line of Ellis, 165 YV of Franklin. W 27:6 by N
137:6; $10. '
F. M. and Emilia BelgTano to Guadalupe Ba
cipalupi. lot on S line of Union, 100 E of La
puna. E 25 by S 137:6: $10.
Eliza J. White, wife of William E. White,
to ?ar:ih 1.. Moore, lot on N line of Fell, 100:10
E of Buchanan, E 36:8 by N 120; $10.
V. M Reiter to Jules J. Fuunjuet. lot 13,
block 3£, Sunnyside: $10.
Alameda County.
Mary S. Smith to C. R. Yates. lot on west
line of Chestnut street. 13S S of West Eigh
teenth. P (3 by W 1 IS. Oakland; $10.
W K. Foster to Maude A. W. Foster, lot on
northeast line of Seventeenth street, 75 W of
Twentieth avenue. W 50 by N 14". being lots
S and 9, block 40, San Antonio, East Oakland;
gift.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Ben-
I jamin White, lot 39 in plot 25, Mountain View
! Cemetery, Oakland township; $41.
; Helen M. Kinne to George B McFarland. lot
j 17. block 1, Grove-street line tract. Berkeley;
• also lots 22 and 23. block 1 of same; also lot
j 6S, block 3, sajne: $10.
i Andrew K. Weir to A. "W. Keech. lot 22 of
i subdivision map of block 1, Shattuck tract,
1 Berkeley; $1500.
H. C. Morris to Henry Romanger, lot 11.
> block 10, Warner tract, Brooklyn township;
$10.
i Andrew X and Rosa Weir to A. W. Keech,
■ all interest in lot 1. Hastings tract. Alameda;
; S2.WI
Felix and Delfina Marcuse to W. B. Blrdsall,
lot on E line of Court street. 105:9 S of Lincoln
avenue. S 53 by E 117 :6 H. being lot 15. block
B. Sather & Robinson Tract. Alameda: $10.
Michael C. Egan to Thomas R. Bassett, lot
on N line of Sixth street. 100 E of Brush. E 25
1 •• N 100. block 70, ciultclalm deed. Oakland;
no.
T. R.. E. D.. Elizabeth A.. H. F., Carrie
F.. P. L., Bridget M. and Mary H. Bassett
to W. F. Kroll, same, Oakland; $10.
J. H. Sumner executor of the estate of
Dolly S. Wobstei. to <"a]vln B. While, lot nn
' N line of Brown or Thirty-fourth street, 328 S
X of San Pablo avenue. E 4S. N" 140:8%. W 4*..
S 140:5., to beginning, being portion of Cotter
Tract. Oakland; tUX.
Frank N. and Kathe E. Hill to T. J. Seufert.
lot on W line of Linden street. 20 N of Twenty
fourth. W 132 by X 25. Oakland; $1.
Walter I. and Mary E. Tobin to W. H. Lowe
1 lot on SW corner of Page and Sixth streets,
S (0 by W 130, block 46. Berkeley L. and I.
Association Tract, Berkeley; $10.
I A. and C. Leyton to J. A. Mulline. re-record
of 621 <3. 411. lot 17, block C, Moss Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
W. M. Axtell to M. T. Axtell. lot on E line of
' Bray avenue. 305 N of East Fourteenth street
I X 41.02. E 150. S 41. E 149.86. S 52.35, W 293.30 to
■ beginnlnsr. being a portion of Bray Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
Walter M. Axtell to Barbara M. Paul, same,
1 Brooklyn Township; $10.
It O. and M. V. G. Rubio to Delos Pratt, lots
! M and 21 in subdivision E, Fruitvale Terminal
I Tract. Brooklyn Township: $l«t.
H. P.. R. P. and Sarah R. Saxe to Augustus
I F. Graeter. the E half of lot 22 of B. L. Jones'
I survey of 1-acre lots on map of 40 acres, lands
I adjoining the Town of Alameda, Alameda; $5.
Poris Heuer to George F. Heuer. lot on W
line of ft. Charles street, &5 N of Louisa, N 40
by W 140. Alameda; $10.
docked, would be left in ashes. Neither
the captain nor any member of the
crew except the watchman was
on deck, and In consequence the cause
of the blaze has not been determined,
but it is supposed that a spark from
the donkey engine, which had been run
ning during the day for the purpose of
hoisting coal aboard, had fallen into
some inflammable matter, which caused
the conflagration. It was at first deter
mined to take the burning ship away
from the dock, as she was a menace to
the buildings In the vicinity, but with
in a few momenta after tb.e water was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1898.
HUNTINGTON
MUST TELL
THE TRUTH
The Southern Pacific
Company to Be
Investigated.
The Railroad Commis
sioners Decide to Look
Into Its Books.
A Resolution Introduced by
Commissioner La Rue That
Will Cause Some Fun.
RATES TO BE ADJUSTED.
Each of th« Twenty-Seven Roads in
the State Must Show Its Finan
cial Condition.
The Railroad Commission has resolved
to do or die. It will make one last effort
to regulate the freight and passenger
rates of the roads doing business in the
State, and, if its attempt proves futile,
the members of the commission say there
Is no reason why they should continue to
exist as a body that would be a commis
sion in name only.
When the regular meeting of the board
was held yesterday afternoon in its rooms
in the Chronicle building the first matter
to be taken up was a complaint received
from E. L. Merihew of Los Angeles, in
which he stated that he had been charge!
$3 30 for a stop-over ticket from Oakland
to Sacramento, though he understood
that the rate, as fixed by the board,
should have only amounted to $2 50 for
that distance. A letter from J. C. Stubbs,
showing that Merihew had only been
charged the legal rate, as fixed by the
commission in ISS7, was received, read and
found to be correct and the complaint
was dismissed.
After the complaint had been dismissed
Commissioner La Hue arose and sprung
the sensation of the afternoon in the form
of a resolution which, in its preamDle, re
cites the action of the board in Septem
ber, 1*95, when it reduced the grain :ates
over the Southern Pacific 8 per cent, and
the appeal of that company to the Fede
ral Courts to annul the order, and the
decision of the United States Supreme
Court, in a Nebraska case, to the effect
that Railroad Commissioners had no power
to reduce rates until the earnings of tht
road were thoroughly established and
made known.
The resolution goes on to rehearse tne
action of the Circuit Court 01 the North
ern District of California granting a tem
porary restraining order preventing the
commission from adopting or attempting
to enforce any schedule of rates that
should tend to reduce the charges collect
ed before the attempted 8 per cent reduc
tion and the subsequent decision of Judge
McKenna on November 30, 1896, whereoy
the first part of the restraining order was
continued in force and the lauer part dis
solved, thus allowing the commission the
power to make a reduction in rates, sub
ject to a review by a competent court, af
ter the earnings of the road have been
satisfactorily established by competent
authority.
In accordance with this latter decision
the resolution orders the officers of the
Southern Pacific Company and all of Its
leased lines t o appear before the Board
of Railroad commissioners on May 11 and
give testimony and data that will enable
the board to determine the cost of con
struction, me amount of improvements,
the value of the roads, stocks and bonds,
the present as compared with the original
cost of construction, the sum necessary
for operating expenses and the earning
capacity of the road under the freight
and passenger rates fixed by law; also the
fixed charges of all railroads and other
transportation companies owned, leased
and operated by the Southern Pacific.
The officers of the other ro _s in Cali
fornia, twenty-six in number, are caJled
upon to appear before the board on June
8 and give similar information concerning
their several lines.
This resolution means all the roads
operating in California, and the Southern
Pacific in particular, will be obliged to
appear before the Railroad Commissioners
and subject themselves to an investiga
tion such as has not been held since tney
sprang into existence, and, if the result
of the investigation show that their earn
ings warrant such action, the rates on
freight and passenger traffic will be so
reduced as to make them comply with the
provisions of the law.
All the Commissioners are heartily in
favor of the action proposed by the reso
lution. They say that the powers of the
board have been so abrogated in one
way and another that it can practically
accomplish nothing for the benefit of the
played into the hold the flames were
under control. The fire wa* confined
principally to the hold of the vessel,
but the decks and rooms were badly
burned in places. The damage has not
yet been estimated, but it is presumed
it will reach somewhere in the neigh
borhood of $12,000. It is reported that
the loss will be almost entirely covered
by insurance. During the fiercest por
tion of the fire the bay was lit up for
quite a distance and a large crowd
gathered at the scene to witness what
might have resulted in an exceedingly
disastrous blaze.
people of the State, and that it is high
time that the whole matter be brought to
the attention of the courts ajid be defi
nitely settled either one way or another.
If the Southern Pacific is allowed to do
practically as it pleases and the Railroad
Commission has no power to interfere in
any way whatsoever, then, say the Com
missioners, the board is a useless insti
tution and might just as well pass out of
existence.
The resolution passed without a dissent
ing voice.
WILL FIGHT FOR
THEIR MACHINES.
Cigar-Dealers and Saloon Men Say-
That Devany's Order Is Not
in Good Faith.
The License Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday and, at the
request of a number of cigar-dealers and j
saloon men. deferred action on Devany's
order prohibiting nickel-in-the-slot ma- !
chines in use by them which pay winners
in drinks or cigars. The parties interest
ed intend to make a hard fight against the !
order, and yesterday, being collection day, '
they were unable to present their case be
fore the committee.
There is a feelin among some of them—
and they do not hesitate to express their \
conviction— that the order is not made In |
good faith, but is merely intended to
force those affected into raising a fund to :
defeat it. It is c.ed in support of this
theory that if the police were really de- j
slrous of suppressing the actual gambling |
machines, such that do not give any re- i
turn for the investment except by chance,
they would raid the machines that are '■
maintained in many places that pay win
ners in money. There are several varieties
of these, none o. which is licensed, but
which have come into use since Judge.
Cook's decision. They are gambling de
vices pure and simple, and are now under j
the ban of the law in that they are ex
pressly prohibiteu from being licensed, but I
the police allow them to be operated with- '
out molestation. License Collector Bon
net recently ordered his deputies to fur
nish him the names of people maintain
ing such machines, ajid he now has a list
of seventy-four money-paying machines
in operation in town.
• I
lilKlXllillT or
"Wml^^mm^ TRAVELERS TO'DAWSON
A A^Sfi n'' a D I E , A an KAGUAT car arranee to
■EM! \^»\^^ffl na i' v the provisions sent via St. Michael
[Z-jfL '\\^tmfm and the Yukon River, by applying to Ji ' Lnae '
/T^Sl ALASKA-YUKON
l^^^^^ar TRANSPORTATION CO.,
//Jj^^P^^Sß 3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cai.
/y/^Vw'' l^^^S^ BIRCH Creek ■ district; now nearly deserted
/// ' vt 1~~-_ "^ owl to lack of food; larger and just as rich
111 \dJifh*. v ' ""^T* as Klondike; produced about 000,000; 1500 x
I 4Vit*yf d? reet; our new- modern steamer. Alice
l'ijlj</i v " s tops there Boinjf to Dawson City; our
1.0 book free. Alaska Transportation Co., 224
' Montgomery st.. opp. Rubs House.
TRANSPORTATION. £
- KOTZEBDE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
Jk ALASKA.
Jss BARK MERMAID
&T/^> LEAVES MAY. Ist.
«^«hj|J PASSAGE $200
\^y^J/J Space allowed for IVi tons bag-
jßgStV gage for each passenger.
esgs?*@r* Office 26 California st
-c^it" : HENRY L. BORDEN. Gen. Mgr.
-"" CAPT. WICKS.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Fal ken-
burg will sail on or about May 10. 1898. Fare.
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight. $200.
Passengers will apply early to LTNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California St.. San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager. Ml
Front St., San Francisco.
KOTZEBUE SOUND COLD FIELDS
LESLIE D.,
Now lying at Harrison street wharf, will sail
April 20. For particulars apply on board or
36 East St.. C. J. JO RGENSEN. Owner.
The boss of the repair department in a Massachusetts
watch factory says : "I used to be a good deal of an ath-
lete and was in the habit of taking lots of out of door
exercise, but since I've been shut up in this shop I began
to have terrible bilious headaches. I still did enjoy an
occasional bout at boxing, but after a few lively rounds a
tendency to get as sick as can be seemed to take posses-
sion of me. The exercise appeared to stir up the bile and
the next day I would have a cracking good headache, My
druggist recommended me to try Ripans Tabules as a
possible cure. He said they seemed to be the latest cure-
all for stomach troubles. Well, he just hit it. I have not
used more than 25 cents' worth, but I exercise now asi
much as I please and don't know what a bilious headache
means any more."
- AMw Wyte packet eootainlnrTßUgAMßTtiiw l»ii»Mri«lfmfwtihimtgi««>i.>»>»i.u^-i».
■rag Com mi cms. Thl« low-priced sort Is intended for the poor and the economical O»# iWxoo
€* th» ftre,o«»t cartons (1» t»traU-!<> ou» be hail bj mall by «rndlnjr for^ichi ocnts to the kil-ZjaOußljeS
Camnwm. ha. m Scroce Street. Sew York -or a «Wle carton (TEW tab^bsTwUJ be aem<Sfl»eoej»~
OCEAN TRAVEL.
■ ■HIM ■■■ ■_»■!■ y trjTT^M
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck.. ..April 2SjA. Victoria .....May 26
Columbia May 12 F. Bismarck. ..: June 2
Normannia May 19 Columbia ........June 9
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin 145 up, Steerage »30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
; ; NEW , YORK.HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria .......April 16 Pennsylvania... May 14
Patria ...'.......April 23fPa1at1a ,...:.:. ..May 21
Phoenicia May 7 Pretoria ....:... .May 23
Ist • Cabin ■' $75 ; up.: 2d - Cabin $40, Steerage »26.
Hamburg-American Line, 37. Broadway.- N. T.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California st., cor. Bansome, Baa Francisco.
THE FREEMAN
HEARD FROM
Captain Porter Gives an Ac
count of the Loss of
the Vessel.
The Crew Is Now Stopping With
Erower at Point Hope
Station.
A letter relating to the loss of the
whaling vessel Freeman is in the posses
sion of Mrs. W. P. S. Porter of Alameda,
the wife of Captain Porter, the late mas
ter of the wrecked vessel, being received
by her yesterday afternoon from her hus
band, who is now at Point Hope with the
greater part of his crew. The letter gives
a minute and detailed account of the loss
of the Orca, Freeman, Belvedere and Na
varch, and a description of the course of
the vessels from the time they reached
Alaskan waters until their final destruc
tion and abandonment off Point Barrow.
In speaking of the loss of the Freeman
he said:
"When we left the vessel at 4 p. m. she
was eight miles off shore and was drift
ing north with the ice pack. The next day
she drifted a little closer to land. She
was half full of water. Some natives
boarded her and set fire to her by acci
dent. I saved nothing but what I wore.
"Captain Sherman and I are all right
and are living at Liebes' station with
Charlie Brower. The Newport, Jeanie
and Fearless are all right and are close in
shore. The crews of the Orca and Free
man are here and those of the Belvedere
and Newport will shortly arrive. By us
ing economy we will pull through all
right."
According to Nilsson, the zoologist, the
weight of the Greenland whale is 100 tons
or 224,000 pounds, or equal to that of 88
elephants or 440 bears.
GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
.h 339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. A B. BUILDING PAPER and P. 4 B.
i READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
. sonable In price and easy to transport. They
! keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings, are particularly adapted to Alaskan
i trade. PARAFFTNE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763. -•
SLEDS. BOATS. ETC. ~~
ARCTIC sleds. y.rctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can bo
I seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361. •
>?BSOEWEY,STRONG &Co^sT
k a PATENTSI 3
MARKET ST. S.F.^s^
. ' ' OCEAN* TRAVEL.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier • (new) 42 *,orth . \k^-^.-
River, foot of ■ Morton st. Travelers ■^^ffxT\
by this line avoid both transit by fhHiw
F.n*li!<h railway and the discomfort of crossing
the ; channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160:
second class. {IK. j ",■•;■ -.
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m
LA CHAMPAGNE .......April 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE 7 May 7. 10 a. m.
LATOURAINE .................May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE....... ..^.......May 21, 10 a. m.
• For further particulars apply to ■; ,~ ,
COMPAGNIE. GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. . . ■ *
."" - ■■ No. ■3, Bowline Green, New Tork.
J. ,F. FUG AZI & CO., Agenu, 6 Montgomery
i »ye., San Francisco. ;
ADVERTISEMENT^
ft\__ v) y^\ THE KLONDIKc* Cf
iV]^v A Winchester Repeating Rifle
ytMim&ffi^^S 1S a reat l aw m itself. It will protect you and I
MwHsi^^BT'L-'^' help fill your larder. Send name and address on
riiininraH Ikl a postal card for 148-page illustrated catalogue.
A^^^Pg^^ Winchester Repeating Arras Co.,
■Xr^i^^l 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ffhfca_ Steamers leave Broadway
VSJfJJKtok. wharf. San Francisco:
ISl^fS!Spi»» For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i£^£SvS?i April i, 6, ii, 16, 2i, 26 May l.
; BEti^W TM^ transfer at Seattle.
— Ma."^«aiHl For Alaskan ports (from
' r^ B *3lf»aS«\ Spear Ftrcct wharf), 10 a. m.,
April 8, 18, 23, May 3, transfer
at Portland, Or. j
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. April 1, 6,
11. 16, 21, 26, May 1. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting' at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Taeoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
April 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
• For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., April 3. 7, 11.* 15, 19. 23. 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- i
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port |
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. April 1, 6. 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 29. May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jote del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa- i
; lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., April 12. I
i and ?d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel). v
GOODAUL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta..
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC Sl2 First Class Including Berth
I HflL $S Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Apr. 3, 13. 23. May 8
Columbia Apr. 8, 18. 28. May 8
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
! plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
830 Market st.
GOOD PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE
To England and the Continent.
RED STAR. LINE
. . To Antwerp.
EMPIRE LINE
To Alaska.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
REMOVED TO
30 Montgomery St.
empirlTline.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, 3400 tons. Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly
in the trans- Atlantic service of, the American
line).
j Appointed sailings from Seattle.
6. S. Ohio. June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22. j
B. S. Pennsylvarla June 29, for St. Michael, i
connecting with company's fleet of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
fiaißUli The S.S.ALAMEDA
IEBII|I sails via Honolulu and
•■!■*"■'■ Auckland for Sydney
W ™ *, Wednesday. April 20,
a^^\T\ at 2 p. m.
iStMm^ninc) s. s. zealandia,
G)l&ulll.)lll r ' for HONOLULU only.
(OfllßflrUiK' Wednesday, May 4.
VvIIIJJUIWp 2p. m Special party
■ rates.
! Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
i J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
114 Montgomery street.
' Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
! 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOSGATOS and SANTA CRUZ
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
i excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
i excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c;
| to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
luTi^iiingF CALIFORNIA
j^^^^l LIMITED.
Biwmifli san FRANCISCO
t HL w ill offi ' to
llBr^A^arYSAiimgJl CHICAGO.
' * Leaves San Francisco at 4:80 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
8H days to Chicago. 4^ days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
; Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
j Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connec n in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arri'-~ and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 6.4 Market
street. Chronicle • building. Telephone. Mala
1620. Oakland office, 1113 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
V. ; Via Sausalito Ferry.
From ' Son Francisco, Commencing September
:;, is. 1897.
: WEEK DATS. - •"
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-»T:2_5. »9:30.
11:30 a. m.: »1:45. 3:45, .-•5:15. 6:00 6:30 p. m.
- Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at* 11:30 p. m.
, SUNDAYS. . «.-«»»,
For Mill Valley: and San Rafael— »10:00.
•11:30 a. m.; '1:15. 3:00. *4:30. 6:15 p.m.
Trains marked • run to San Qu*>ntln. r
THROUGH TRAINS. - .•
1 7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
: tions;.l:4.>,p..m. Saturdays (mixed train) -for
Duncan Mills • and ' way stations. 8.00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. •■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS = SCENIC RAILWAY.
'■■•- .-. (Via Dan— Ferry.) _ - . ■
. - Leave San Francisco, commencing November
13, 1£97: •■-.. ,-.- ;■■, ■■_,•■.' ■:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. ■
Sundays-8:00, 10:00 11:30 a. m.. 1.15 p. m.
• Round trip from ■ Mill ■ Valley. *L ■ « iv**
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Markat
; JL»ir*at» Ban Francisco. ; *
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
• OfTIIKK.N- PACIFIC! «O.TirA»T.
(FAOlriO KVMTKM.)
Train* Irui f anil lire due to nrrli* ■><
NAN riUNiINCO. .
(Mala Line. Foot of Market Street) V
L«avb — From ArniL 10. 1898. — abrttb
•6:O«a Niles, San Jose »nd Way Stations... *9:43 a
7:OOa Kenicia, Sulsun and Sacramento. . . . 10:45 a
7:OOa MarysTille. OroTille and Redding tU
• Woodland 0i4B»
7:06 a Vacaville and Rnmsey »:43»
7:3Ua Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*,
Calistoga and SanU Rosa 0:109
S:OOa Atlantic ISxpress, Og<'.en and East.. «i 43*
■iIIOa Niles, Han Joss. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marystille, Chloo,
Tehama and Red ltlufT 4ilßs
•S:»Oa Feters, Milton and Oakdaie *7:13«
•iUOa Sew Orleans Kiuiesi, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fie.no, Bakerslield, Santa
]Ur>>ara, l.os Angeles, Deiuii.K,
Xl Paso, New Orleans and East. 0i43»
•:*Oa Vallejo. Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 18:131
*l:OOp Sacramento RiTer Steamer! *U:OOI
l:O«rNUes. Sun Jose and Way Stations.. «9:43 a.
I:30p Martinez and Way Station* 7:49»
SiOtf p Lirermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Viialia 4il»»
...,;.. Lirermore, San Jose, Mies and Way
Stations XlOilS^
4t*«p Ma. tine?, San Ramon, Vallejo. t
i. . Napa, Caliskoga, Xl Vtrauo and ' ' *■ ■■ '•■-.
'• Sautaßosa »il3*
4i««r Benicia. VacaTiUe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarjrsTille, Oro-
Title and Sacrmiieiito 10:434
I i3op Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:15»
4:30r Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno. Mojare (for RandsburgX
Santa Barbara and Kirn Angeles.. 7i454
4iXOp Santa K« Route. Atluntlo Kxpresa
for Mojafe and East 6«45»
i\S:SOr " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, SI
Paso, Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and Rast |10:18 a
SS:3Or " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and Kast 110:15*.
•:OOr Ruropean Mail. (>«.!.•,, and Kast.... oi4sa
• :oor 1U)»ht<I«. Niles and San Jo 7i4»&
t8:OOrVa!lejo t7i4B»
tliOOp Oregon Kx|>r«BB, SactHniento. Marys-
ville. Ucil-ling, rortlanl, Tilgst
Soimil mi.l Kaiit Bilg^
SAN LKAMHtO AM) HAYWAUICS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<*6:4>Oa 1 ~T~ ? 7:1 3 A
8:O«a H*lro«e, Seminary Park, '!9:! 9:4 A
9:OOa _ , ' _. : . 1O:4BA
lO.»ua Flt«lilnr«;, Elmhnmt, H:«sa
tl 1:OOa ] San Leaadro, Soith San ' l»:48p
112:00 m L«.ndra,E«,tudlll«, «1:43f
4 Leandro, F.studlllo, }2:4.fp
i°S:6op J. Lorenzo, Cherry ■ »4i4Bp
4:00? (9:43p
S:oop ;?*; and 0:)5r
5:30p Hajwardi, 7:4!»r
7:« Op ' «:4«?
»=«;»P i Runs through to Nile*. , » : <*'
9:00p « From Ni lea 10:50p
ttll:l3p.> '*">">*»«»■ [ tfl2:oop
COAST IUVIsION (Narrorf (lauge).
* (Foot of Market Street.) ■
}7:45 a Santa Cruz Kzcursion, "ant* Croz
and Principal Way Stations :8:03: 8:03 v
S:lBANewarlc,CenterrlUe.SanJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SiSOl
•2:15p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Ahnaaen, Feiton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal -Way
Station* *IOiSOa
■ 4:1 San Jose and Glen wood. 9:20 a
o4i!3p Boulder Creek and Son U Crn« jVtaojj
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frsmSlH FRANCISCO— Tut sf M.rket Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00*.*. $1:03 *2:09 11:80
•4:00 $5:83 *6:53 r.u.
F»«t»rßr«(lw».T.— '6:C3 8:06 10:00 i.V.
_ 113:00 «l:00 t3:00 '3:00 ti:CO «S:OQr.H.
' COAST DIVISION i ßroad Gauge). 0
' (Third and Tow mend Sti.)
' *7:00 a San Jose ami Way .SUtions (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) li»*F
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Joss.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove I and
Principal Way Stations i tSiM*
•■OOa Kan -liiau, Tres l'iuoa, Santa Cruz,
Pacilic Grata. Paso Rubles, ban
Luis t)l>isi»), Guadalu|>e, Surf and
-■ Principal Way Sutlims 4il»»
IO:40A San .lose an.l Way .Stations "*iO©a.
I1:3Oa Sao Jose and Way Stations *SiSSa.
*3:43rSau Mated. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Oilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific GroTe *IoiB3a
•3:Siip San Jose, Santa. Cruz, Pacific Grore
and Way Stations '8:0
*4slSp San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:4B A.
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 6:33 a
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3Or
•::««»r San Jo»» and Way Stations 7:30*
tll:4Sr 3an Jose and Way Stations 7:SwF
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '
•SunrtiiTß eicei>teil. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nighU only.
If Thursdays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
i Saturdays^ j Sundays and Mondays.
SAN FRANCISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry. Feat of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 «_ m. 13:18,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:69
and 11:30 p. • m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:33. IM,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.j
12:45. 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40, 144,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Franclnco and Echuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave T _ .— __, ArrlT«
Fan Frauclsoa or" Can FranclMa.
Week I Sun- Tv.«^"ti«« Pnn * 1 F^*
7:Soa.m. 8:00 a.m. 1 ruovata I0:«0a.m. » I ***- 10 -
B:Sop.m. 9:80 a.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. W : -£j-"-
t:lop.m. 5:0 Up.m .1 Santa Rosa. 7:3opm. <:«p.m.
I 20a.m. • Fulton. ,«.«-».
Windsor. lOJß^nfc
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
GeyeervlUa, _
T :80p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdala 7 :85 p.m. 6inp.ni.
I ] Hopland and I ■
7 m.ls-00a.m.l tJfclah. I 7:85 p.m. «:Cp.C^
J.g,, p. j i jlO:»*>ta.
I »m. B:oofcm> ! GaerneT ui a t :85p.m.
1:80 p.m.; I >:M »*
7J«a.m.S:ooa.ni: 6onoma 10:40 a.m. B:4oa.afc
ana
8 :10 p.m .!5 :00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:33 p.m.
Tlaoa^i. 8 :00 a.m.. gebastcpoL l1?:^"l 1 ?:^" 1 ? :^»; o »
3:ajj>.m. 5:00p I m.|_ 1 i .aop.m, | 7 :23p.ia
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sr>-inK5: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Clovprdale for the Geysers; at Holland for
H'chland Spring. Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga. Springs. Blue Lakes,
I Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, -Porno, Potter
' Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley"s. Buck-
nell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonville.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. 'Westport, Dial
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . "^
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street, Chronlclsj
building- FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
[HE SAN FRANCISGO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
' From September 10. 1297. train* will run >m
follows: "* **
From September 10, 1597, trains will run a*
folios: .-■•-• - "*
Southbound. I 1 Northbound.
" Passen- \ : Mixed - j Mixed I Passen-
V-"ger--'* j Sunday Stations Sunday - . eer
■V Dally- Excepted •: Excepted Daily
• 7:20 a.m. '9:00a,m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:4-">p m
9:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced j 12:50 p.m. 2!53p'.m.
10:40 a.m.] 3:50 p.m. Fresno 9:30a. m 2-°*iom"
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanfoni 9:45 a.m. l'lSn'm"
12:15 p.m.! 6:4np.m.i Vlsalia | 6:<o a.m. 12:40pm'
Stopping at intermediate points when r»I
quired. . . .
■j Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6■ p. m. dally ; >at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngs, CoultervtUe etc. :
also with stage for Hornito*. Maxiposa.' etc
La* -Umkershim KUb stage to and frnn Miflr—