VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 38.
HOBSON TELLS OF HIS
MOST DARING EXPLOIT
ATTACK ON
SANTIAGO
ARRANGED
Toral Wants to Surrender,
but Linares Is Yet
Stubborn.
fill the H orr or'S Following Slaugh
ter on Land and Sea Described
by Richard Harding Davis.
30000000000 0 0000^80 0000000000000880
0 £.
. : . WASHINGTON, July 7.— A report has been received that at a con- $
O ference between Shafter and Sampson it was decided to make a combined $
0 land and sea attack upon Santiago on Saturday at noon. General Ran- 8
O doiph, with six batteries of artillery and 3500 men, will have then reinforced 8
0 S:i after. $
** O
13 a»a000a0 aao« 0 0 0 0 aw ;« 0s«000»« 0»«a 0 0 »
Special Cable to Tlie Call and the Xeir York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon Ilennett.
BY RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
EL POZO HILL, NEAR SANTIAGO, Wednesday,
July 6, by The Call-Herald Dispatch Boat Golden Rod to
Kingston, Jamaica, July 7- — Though General Linares has
said he will not consider the surrender of the city, it may
capitulate before the Americans try to take it by assault. In
any case a long siege is out of the question. The stench due
to the dead men and horses about our position is frightful.
It is thought to-day there will be no firing till to-morrow,
when the plan of joint attack decided upon by Admiral
Sampson and General Shafter is likely to be put in operation.
I have been unable to get a definite statement whether or not
the attack will be delayed on account of General Miles
coming.
GeneraJ Pando has not reached San
tiago. The Spaniards have only am
munition for throe days. All the
women and children who Intended to
leave Santiago before the bombard
ment have already left. It is estimated
that 3000 persons passed through our
lines yesterday.
Our ships are In great need of sur
geons, nurses and supplies. The sani
tary conditions are worse since the bat
tle on account of decomposing bodies.
Many bodies are floating near the
wrecks of Admiral Cervera's ships. The
cry of the Spanish naval prisoners Is:
"Let Cuba go and give us peace!"
The Venezuelan Consul says he has
positive information that General Li
nares and General Toral are at odds.
General Toral wants to surrender. In
this he has the support of the Arch
bishop of Santiago, who has lost some
of. his recent warlike spirit. General
Linares positively refuses.
A Spanish officer, speaking to one of
our men during an armistice, said Li
nares would not surrender without the
consent of Madrid, and hinted that the
Americans should demand the surren
der of Santiago from Sagasta instead of
Linares.
All the foreign attaches wonder how
our ships were so little damaged by the
ships of Admiral Cervera. Official re
ports of the killed and wounded in Fri
day's fight are not yet In, but estimates
In hospital here place the number at
1800. Continual exposure to rain and
heat is toiling on the men. Nine hun
dred and forty-six wounded have been
handled in the general hospital.
Liutenant Colonel Roosevelt has been
recommended for a medal for bravery
under fire. Captain O'Neill was simi
larly recommended, but was afterward
killed.
EXTENSION OF THE
ARMISTICE A MISTAKE
Too Much Time Given the Enemy to
Strengthen Rifle Pits and Dig
New Trenches.
cable tfl The Call and the New York
JUrald. Copyrighted, 18US, by James Gor
don Urnnett.
BY RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
SAX JUAN DE CUBA, Wednesday,
July 0, by The Call-Herald dispatch
boat Golden Rod to Kingston, Jamaica,
Thursday, July 7.— The armistice which
wafl to have ended to-day at noon has
been continued in order to allow the
Spaniards to bury their dead and con
vey their wounded at El Caney into
Santiago. Our men are very eager to
continue tho firing on the trenches be
fore the < ity, and in the opinion of
many it was the greatest error to per
mit an extension of the armistice on
any pretext. The enemy's forces are
working busily on their rifle pits and
A
are making new trenches within 200
yards of ours. Our own men, however
have not been Idle. They now have the
range of almost every rifle pit and
siege gun of the enemy. The attention
of foreign military attaches has been
called to the fact that the Spaniards
placed two 6-inch guns In embrasures
100 yards in ad%-ance of the building
covered with Red Cross flags. They
will make representations accordingly
to their governments.
FIRING NOT RESUMED,
ALTHOUGH THE TRUCE
IS PROBABLY ENDED
Copyrighted, 1898. by the Associated Press.
nn A R V^ FRONT ' SANTIAGO DE
CLBA, July 7, Ip. m .. v j a Guantana
™, July 7, 7 p. m.-Firing was not re
sumed to-day, although the truce is
supposed to be ended. Both armies
anrMaTid 1 "' o™^0 ™^ that W «hlnKton
and Madrid are negotiating terms of
t.L he ,T hUe flagr BtUI flies over San
tiago lines. There have, been no mes
ch h a n n ge ?. Obl!On and hla m« y »-e; e rd S
cnangea.. :.
SPANIARDS PREPARE
A STRONG DEFENSE
Copyrighted. 1898. by the Associated Press.
ju?v A -7 L t', June 30 (via Hon e k °ne.
July ,)•— There is no material change
In the aspect of affairs here. The
Spaniards are strongly pos t e d about
the outskirts of the .town and also
ainng the whole length of the conduit
of the water works, eight miles inland,
it is believed the Spaniards only hold
the water works on suffrance, because
the insurgent pickets hold sway every
where and could easily raid and wreck
the conduit. But the insurgents are
extremely anxious to conciliate the
neutrals and therefore refrain from
causing horrible privation.
The insurgents have never employed
cannon before Manila, but they are now
bringing up sixty guns, with the inten
tion of making a^ simultaneous rush
upon the Spanish intrenchments at
Santa Mesa, Santa Ana and Malete
thus rendering the other positions of
the Spaniards untenable, and by a sin
gle coup drive the Spaniards inside the
citadel, with a minimum of destruction
to non-combatants and property. It is
expected that it will take a week to
bring th* guns along, as they have to
make a detour through a difficult part
of the country and it is not desirable to
hurry.
The American troops are expected
here momentarily, and then probably
there will be 4 quick finish of the war.
A river sttafcier from Rulacan to-day
ran the blockade, bringing 200 refugees,
women and children.
The Spaniards are employing gangs
of natives, attned with axes and ma
chetes, to destroy the woods in the out
skirts of Mani'ifi, under Spanish over
seers with horetwhips.
\
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
RICHMOND P. HOBSON, Th|E HERO OF THE MERRIMOC, WHO HflS JUST BEEN
RELEASED FROM (\ SPANISH PRISON.
Failed to Block the Channel.
Merrimac's Rudder Shot
Away.
WASHINGTON, July 7. — General Shafter has announced the exchange of Lieutenant
Hobson and his men in the following telegram:
"PLAYA DEL ESTE, July 7.— To the Secretary of War, Washington: Headquarters
of the Fifth Army Corps, Cuba, July 6. — Lieutenant Hobson and all his men have just been re
ceived safely in exchange for Spanish officers and prisoners taken by the United States forces.
All are in good health except two seamen, who are convalescing from intermittent fever.
"SHAFTER, Major General Commanding."
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Dennett.
GEN. SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS BEFORE SAN
TIAGO, Wednesday, July 6, by
The Call-Herald dispatch-boat
Golden Rod to Port Antonio, Ja
maica, Thursday, July 7. — I saw-
Mr. Hobson in the evening after
he had made his report to Ad
miral Sampson, and he consented
to give The Call and the Herald
a full interview about his experi
ence. Being very modest he does
not fully realize the great sensa
tion his exploit caused, but he
spoke in glowing terms of the
courage and bravery of his crew.
"We have been thirty-three
days in a Spanish prison," said
Mr. Hobson, "and the more I
think of it the more marvelous
it seems that we are alive. It
was about 3 o'clock in the morn
ing when the Merrimac entered
the narrow channel and steamed
under the guns of Morro. The
stillness of death prevailed. It
was so dark we could scarcely see
the headland.
"We had planned to drop our
starboard anchor at a certain
point to the right of the channel,
reverse our engine and then
swing the Merrimac around,
sinking her directly across the
channel. This plan was adhered
to, but circumstances rendered
its execution impossible. When
the Merrimac poked her nose
into the channel our troubles
commenced. The deadly silence
was broken by the ' wash of a
small boat approaching us from
the shore. 1 made her out to be
a picket boat. She ran close up
under the stern of the Merrimac,
and fired several shots from what
seemed to be three-pounder
guns. The Merrimac's rudder
was carried away by this fire.
That is why the collier was not
sunk across the channel.
"We did not discover the loss
of the rudder until Murphy cast
the anchor. We then found that
the Merrimac would not answer
her helm, and were compelled
to make the best of the situation.
The run up the channel was very
exciting. The picket boat had
given the alarm, and in a mo
ment the guns of the Vizcaya and
Almirante Oquendo and of the
Continued en Second Page.
PROCLAIMS
HIMSELF
PRESIDENT
Aguinaldo Would Rule
Over a Philippine
Republic.
General Monet Deserts Starving
Troops and Escapes Dis
guised as a Woman,
GENERAL AGUINALDO, WHO HAS PROCLAIMED HIMSELF PRESI
DENT OF THE PHILIPPINE REPUBLIC.
WASHINGTON, July 7. — The Navy Department has re
ceived this dispatch from Admiral Dewey:
"CAVITE, July 6, via Hongkong, July 7.— United States
troops have landed and have been comfortably housed at
Cavite. The insurgents are active. Aguinaldo proclaimed
himself President of the revolutionary republic on July 1.
DEWEY."
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1S&8, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, June 30, via i.ongkong,
July 7. — General Monet's troops, num-
Bering some 800, have surrendered, giv
ing up their arms to the rebels. The
captives were taken to Cavite. General
Monet, as I cabled, escaped with Au
gusti's family, who had a passport from
General Aguinaldo. He was disguised
as a woman, leaving his troops starv
ing. An indignation meeting was held
by the Spaniards, who went to the
Governor General to obtain an expla
nation as to why General Monet came
here without his troops and demanding
that he should be sent back. Owing to
the fact that the Spaniards are excit
able Monet's position is dangerous. The
water supply of the city is nearly ex
hausted. The pumps have not been
working for three days.
AGUINALDO AND
HIS PROCLAMATION
Tactics of the Insurgent Leader Can-
not Interfere With Uncle Sam's
Plans.
NEW YORK, July 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Long is confident that no trouble will
result from Aguinaldo's proclamation.
It is admitted, however, that it would
have been much better for all parties
had Aguinaldo not organized a repub
lic when he undoubtedly knows that
General Merritt, the official military
governor of the United States, is now
on his way to Manila.
The President and his Cabinet are
trying to devise means to prevent com
plications arising with the nat^s from
such action, but they are determined
to retain control of the Philippines, at
least until the end of the war. and
Aguinaldri's action will not be allowed
to affect this course.
Now that a detachment of 2500 Amer
icans are at hand it is expected that
Aguinaldo will be anxious to make
short wcrrk of the Spaniards, and will
attempt to force Rear Admiral Dewey's
hand. But that official will not act un
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
til the troops are strong enough to do
their work thoroughly, and to prevent
the insurgents from acting as they
please in the city after it has been
taken. A long cipher was to-day wired
to Rear Admiral Dewey giving the po
sition of Camara's squadron, details
concerning the detachment of the tor
pedo-boat destroyers and its present
strength.
PORT SAID. July 7.-Admiral Ca
maras fleet has removed from Suez
Roads and has now anchored three
miles further cm.
CLAIMS HE WILL
NOW TAKE MANILA
Aguinaldo Prepared to Capture tha
Chief City of the Philippine
Islands.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
"n ra ßlnnm Pyriehted - 1898 ' bjr Ja ™ s G^
aon uennett.
MANILA Bay, July 3, via Hongkong,
July 7.— General Aguinaldo claims that
he will take Manila to-morrow or next
day. This is not probable, however
Reports of the coming of the Spanish
fleet through the Suez Canal coupled
with the encouragement given the
Spaniards by Germans, has greatly
stiffened Spanish courage, and it is ex
pected the city will not surrender with
out a hard fight.
GERMAN WARSHIPS
LANDING STORES
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Dennett.
HONGKONG July 7.— The British
steamer Eddie, which left Manila on
July 3, brought news that German war
ships have been landing stores on Mari
j vales Bay under cover of night. Four
German, one Japanese, three British
and two French warships were then at
Manila.
The British steamer Yuen Sang has
arrived from Manila with thirty priests
from Dugupan Port, eight nuns and a
thousand Chinese. The passengers re
port an engagement at Dugupan be
tween the Spaniards and rebels in
which the rebels were repulsed with
great loss.2
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS ARE NOW
UNITED STATES TERRITORY
McKINLEY
SIGNS THE
RESOLUTION
Nothing Lacking but the
Formality of Hawaiian
Acquiescence.
Rear Admiral Miller Will Proceed
to Honolulu and Hoist the
Stars and Stripes.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— At 7 o'clock
to-nigbt President McKinley attached
his signature to the joint resolution an
nexing the Hawaiian Islands. Minister
Hatch, having been legislated out of of
fice, departed for San Francisco and
expects to sail on the Alameda on July
13. Ex-Queen Liliuokalani and her sec
retary and Colonel John Richardson
also hope to catch this vessel.
Admiral Miller, commanding the Pa- j
rifle Station, has been ordered to pro- j
ceed to Honolulu and raise the Ameri- J
can flag. This ceremony is expected to
complete the ceremony of annexation.
Ir is believed, however, that upon the
arrival of the Coptic, which left San |
Francisco to-day, the Stars and Stripes I
will be raised over the islands without
waiting for a warship.
President McKinley and Secretary
Day had a conference this morning.
Minister Hatch was present. Telegrams
were sent to Minister Willis, via San
Francisco and the Coptic, advising him
that the islands had been annexed and
that a warship would reach Honolulu
within ten days and Admiral Miller
would hoist the flag. Further instruc
tions will be sent to Minister Willis
and President Dole by the warship,
which is expected to sail in a few days
from Mare Island.
Attorney General Griggs is of the
opinion that President McKinley's sig
nature of the joint resolutions made
annexation complete, but at the same
time the raising of the American flag
will bo officially regarded as the final
step.
HOBSON TELLS OF
HIS DARING
EXPLOIT
Continued from First Page.
shore batteries were turned upon
us.
"Submarine mines and torpe
does also were exploded all about
us, adding to the excitement.
The mines did no damage, al
though we could hear the rum
bling and could feel the ship
tremble. We were running with
out a light, and only the dark
ness saved up from utter destruc
tion.
"When the ship was in the de
sired position and we found the
rudder was gone I called the men
on deck. While they were
launching the catamaran I
touched off the explosives.
"WE LOST ALL AND ARE
NECESSARILY DEPRESSED"
Admiral Cervera's Report to General Blanco
After His Disastrous Defeat Off
Santiago.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The War Department has
received the report of Admiral Cervera to General Blanco
on the disastrous naval fight to the Spanish cause off Santi
ago. It is as follows:
"In compliance with your orders I went out yesterday
from Santiago de Cuba with all the squadron, and after an
unequaled combat against forces more than triple mine, had
all my squadron destroyed by fire, the Teresa, Oquendo
and Vizcaya being beached and the Colon fleeing. I accord
ingly informed the Americans and went ashore and gave
myself up. The torpedo chasers foundered. Ido not know
how many people were lost, but it will surely reach 600 dead
and many wounded. Although not in such great numbers,
the living are prisoners to the Americans.
"The conduct of the crews rose to a height that won the
most enthusiastic plaudits of the enemy. The commander of
the Vizcaya surrendered his vessel. His crew are very grate
ful for the noble generosity with which they are treated.
Among the d^ead is Villamil, and, I believe, Lazaga, and
among the wounded Concas and Eulate. We have lost all
and are necessarily depressed. CERVERA."
It is believed, too, that the Hawaiian
Legislature may deem it wise to pass
a resolution similar to that adopted by
Congress and signed by the President
to-day. This is not regarded as ab
solutely necessary, but is consfQered an
advisable formality.
Ex-Minister Thurston is of the opin
ion that this will be a superfluous pro
ceeding, as the Hawaiian Senate, in
ratifying the annexation treaty, made
a tender of the islands, which tender
has now been accepted.
President McKinley has not yet de
cided whom he will appoint as com
missioners to represent this country
and report on the form of government
for Hawaii. Under the provisions of
the annexation resolutions five com
missioners are to be appointed, three
to represent this country and two Ha
waii. There will be no haste about
making appointments and it may be
weeks before this is done. In the
meantime, after hearing from the peo
ple of Hawaii, the President will ap
point officers to conduct the affairs of
the islands. It is thought President
Dole will be made the first Governor.
California already has three candi
dates in the field for the Hawaiian
commission. They are: Ex-State Sen
ator Stratton, Judge Firebaugh and M.
M. Estee. Senators White and Per
kins were at the White House to-day.
Senator Perkins has recommended
Mr. Stratton to be one of the commis
sioners.
"At the same moment two tor
pedoes fired by the Reina Mer
cedes struck the Merrimac amid
ships. I cannot say whether our
explosives or the Spanish torpe
does did the work, but the Mer
rimac was lifted out of the water
and almost rent asunder.
"As she settled down we
scrambled overboard and cut
away the catamaran. A great
c: eer went up from the forts and
warships as the hull of the col
iier foundered, the Spaniards
thinking the Merrimac was an
American warship.
"We attempted to get out of
the harbor in the catamaran, but
a strong tide was running, and
dayUght found us still struggling
in the water. Then, for the fust
tin-e, the Spaniards saw us, ani
a boat from the Reina Mercedes
picked us up. It was then short
ly after 5 o'clock in the morning,
:i"0 we had then been in the
water more than an hour. We
THE SAST FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
were taken aboard the Rema
Mercedes and later were sent to
Morro Castle.
"In Morro we were confined
in cells in the inner side of the
fortress, and were there the first
day the fleet bombarded Morro.
I could only hear the whistling
of shells, and .the noise they
made when . they struck, but I
judged from the conversation of
the guards that the shells did
considerable damage.
"After this bombardment Mr.
Ramsden, the British Consul,
protested and we were removed
to the hospital. There I w^s
separated from the other men in
our crew, and could see them
only by special permission. Mon
tague and Kelly fell ill two weeks
ago, suffering from malaria, and
I was permitted to visit them
twice.
, "Mr. Ramsden was very kind
to us and demanded that Mon
tague and Kelly be removed to
better quarters in the hospital.
This was done. As for myself
there is little to say. The Span
iards were not disposed to do
much for the comfort of any of
the prisoners at first, but after
our army had taken some of their
men as prisoners the treatment
AMERICAN TROOPS IN HONOLULU.
Scene at the Dinr)er Hour When the Men Were Entering the Grounds of the Executive Building.
(From a Photograph by Frank Daney, Honolulu.)
was better. Food was scarce in
the city, and I was told that we
fared better than the Spanish of
ficers."
I asked Mr. Hobson about the
confinement of himself and his
men in Morro, and inquired par
ticularly as to whether they were
alarmed during the bombard
ments of Santiago's defenses by
the American fleet.
"We were confined in Morro
Castle but four days," Mr. Hob
son replied. "During that time
we were not disturbed in any
way. In fact, at no time were
we in danger, because it hap
pened the fleet did all of its
heavy bombarding either before
we were taken to Morro or after
we had left there."
"You were imprisoned in the
city itself after the first four
days, then?"
"No; from Morro we were ta
ken on board the Reina Mer
cedes, which the Spaniards were
using as a hospital ship. During
the firing on Friday many win
dows of the ship were broken by
American bullets, but no one was
hurt."
"How about your hopes and
fears during imprisonment? Did
you expect to go aboard an
American vessel again?"
This question brought a smile
to Hobson's face. He allowed
his memory to drift back over the
SANTA FE TO
CONNECT WITH
BAKERSFIELD
LOS ANGELES, July 7.-A former attor
ney of the Santa Fe Railway Company, who
has just returned from the East, states that
a contract has been let by the company to
build a line connecting the Santa Fe herewith
Bakersfield. The route selected is not
known.
There seem to be but two passes
which can be used by the company to
cross the Sierra Madre, the Arroyo
Seco Canyon and Cajon Pass, near San
Bernardino, through which the over
land route to the East now passes. To
cross the mountains by the Arroyo Seco
route would necessitate an immense
amount of work, and some engineers
claim it cannot be done. After the
Sierra Madre have been crossed there
is still another range between the des
events of the preceding weeks.
He did not answer at once.
"I was greatly depressed at
times," he said, presently, "as
were the other men of the Mer
rimac's crew. I had a slight at
tack of fever, but it did not last
long. Yes, lam entirely well
now and hope to participate in
the war from now until the
close."
OFF JURAGUA, July 6, by the As
sociated Press dispatch boat Wanda to
Port Antonio. Jamaica, July 7, via
Kingston, Jamaica, July 7.— Assistant
Naval Constructor Richmond P. Hob
son of the flagship New York and the
seven seamen who with him sailed the
collier Merrimac Into the channel of the
harbor of Santiago de Cuba on June 3
last and sunk her there was surren
dered by the Spanish military authori
ties in exchange for prisoners captured
by the American forces.
Hobson and his men were escorted
through the American lines by Captain
Chadwick of the New York, who was
waiting them. Every step of their jour
ney was marked by the wildest demon
strations on the part of the American
soldiers, who threw aside all semblance
of order, scrambled out of the rench
ments, knocked over tent guys and
other camp paraphernalia in their
eagerness to see the returning heroes,
and sent up cheer after cheer for the
men who had passed safely through the
jaws of death to serve their country.
The same scenes of enthusiasm were
repeated upon the arrival of the men at
the hospital station and our base at
Juragua. Hobson, who reached there
in advance of his companions, was
taken on board the New York immedi
ately. The flagship's deck was lined
with officers r.nd men, and as Hobson
clambered up her side and stepped on
board his vessel the harbor rang with
the shouts and cheers of his comrades,
which were re-echoed by the crews of
a dozen transports lying near by.
Hobson had little to say In regard to
his experiences except that he and his
companions had been well treated by
the Spaniards and that they were all
in excellent health.
The Spanish authorities consented
this morning to exchange Hobson and
his men and a truce was established for
the purpose. The place selected for the
exchange was under a tree between the
American and Spanish lines, two-thirds
of a mile beyond the intrenchments oc
cupied by Colonel Wood's Rough Riders
near General Wheeler's headquarters
and in the center of the American line.
The American prisoners left Reina
Mercedes Hospital on the outskirts
of the city, where they had been con
fined, at 2:45 this afternoon in charge
ert and the San Joaquln Valley, which
the Southern Pacific crosses by Te
hachapi Pass. To get through these
mountains Is not such a difficult prob
lem to solve, for at the west end of
Antelope Valley Tejon Pass offers a
most favorable route for a railroad, and
It Is said to be the one selected by the
Santa Fe Company.
At Bakersfield, It Is possible, the
Santa Fe will join the Valley Road,
making a through line from Los An
geles to Stockton.
of M%Jor Irles, a Spanish staff officer,
who speaks English perfectly. The
prisoners were conducted to the meet
ing place on foot, but were not blind
folded. Colonel John Jacob Astor and
Lieutenant Milloy, accompanied by In
terpreter Maestro, were in charge of
the Spanish prisoners. These consisted
of Lieutenants Amelio-Volez and Au
relius, the latter a German, and both
belonging to the Twenty-ninth Regu
lar Infantry, who were captured at El
Caney on Friday last, and Lieutenant
Adolph Aries of the First Provisional
Regiment of Barcelona, one of the
most aristocratic military organiza-
tions of the Spanish army; also four
non-commissioned officers and a pri
vate. Lieutenant Aries and a number
of men were wounded in the fight at
El Caney. The Spanish prisoners were
taken through the \American 'ines
mounted and blindfolded.
The meeting between Colonel Aster
and Major Irles was extremely cour
teous, but very formal, and no at
tempt was made by either of them to
discuss anything but the matter in
hand.
Major Irles was given his choice of
three lieutenants in exchange for Hob
son, and was also informed that he
could have all of the fourteen men in
exchange for the American sailors. The
Spanish officer selected Lieutonaot
Aries, and the two other Spanish of
ficers were conducted back to Jura
gua.
It was then not later than 1 o'clock,
and just as everything was finished
and the two parties were separating
Irles turned and said sourteously
enough, but in a tone which indicared
considerable defiance and rr ive his
hearers the impression that he desired
hostilities to be renewed at ones: "Our
understanding is, gentlemen, that this
truce comes to an end at 5 o'clock."
Colonel Astor looked at his wit?h,
bowed to the Spanish officer without
making a reply, and then starred back
slowly to the American lines with Hob
son and his companions.
The meeting of the two parties and
tha exchange of prisoners had taken
place- in full view of both the Ameri
can and Spanish soldiers, who were in
trenched near the meeting pl-ie-a, and
the keenest interest was taken in the
episode.
The reception to Hobson and his lit
tle command when they arrived at the
first line of American entrenchments
was simply overwhelming. The cheer
ing soldiers literally fell upon Hobson
and his comrades.
If the young officer, whose home Is in
Alabama, has any race prejudice, he
certainly forgot all about it as he
passed through the lines of soldiers on
his way to General Wheeler's head
quarters. He grasped the hands of the
ebony-hued troopers of the Ninth and
Tenth Cavalry and expressed his thanks
for the patriotic welcome with as much
heartiness as he displayed toward men
of his own race. He and all his men
were completely overcome by the re
ception accorded them, and tears rolled
down their cheeks as the soldiers crowd
ed around them.
HAWAIIAN
HOSPITALITY
REPEATED
Royal Welcome Extended
Second Philippine
Expedition.
Monitor Monterey and Collier
Brutus Reach Honolulu and
Proceed to Manila.
HONOLULU, June 29.— The second
army of transitory occupation of Ha
waiian soil has passed onward, leaving
only happy reminiscences behind It of
exceedingly well behaved troops and
many object lessons of benefit to Ha
waiians and invaders alike.
The first army was received with curi
osity and coldness by the native Ha
waiians of Honolulu, who regarded the
invasion with doubt and suspicion, but
the second had no grounds of complaint
on this score for little by little the chil
dren, the women and the men fraternized
and so, with the exception of a large
number who kept aloof for conscience's
sake, the welcome became more univer
sal and more thoroughly cosmopolitan.
The chief credit of this is mainly due to
the conduct of the troops who have, so
far, reflected nothing but honor upon
their country's flag, although they have
created new yells for our noisy boys
Another point, rather a selfish one per
chance, may be mentioned. : The troops
are very free with their pocket money
and quite a notable amount flows into the
pockets of the Hawaiian boat boys flow
er girls and small vendors.
This time ' Honolulu was caught nap
ping, for the steamship China, the flag
ship of the squadron of transports, stole
in at 6:30 on the morning of Thursday,
the 23d. She had passed Koko Head with
put being signaled, but there was just
time after .the five signal whistles blew
for the Government band and a very re
spectable sized concourse to gather at the
Pacific Mail dock to welcome her incorn
. At 9 o'clock nearly 1000 of the trooDswhn
had landed formed on Alakea street and
with Captain Coyne. N. G. H as i route
Punctually at 2 o'clock the bugle sound '
dition to a paid corps of seventy waters
They fnrL fR ? Wlth mil itary precision.
lv an lIJ' 5 ' wel1 ' lf not sumrai.uis
of' their ho«?n a^ aln and again in' honor
dL flnfl nosts, and especially for the la
ates and Captain George Ashlev' of - the
commissariat , and - his "donkey-engine"
rlf>\T>iivoH K^r *v-i i 'luanlllj OX iruit !
aoni^MvL s detachment, to whom I
and ™™ y p ' eapples ' bananas, mangoes j
mous cocoanuts were rarities, was enor-
.After dark the trOOps were riven frep
shore leave to do as they phased, and
went we made at ' home wherever they
v, en -All ,ere regretting the day's ex
whix n s'S^\? on be-bver -^ hen the five
\vhistles again blew as the sin was slow
ly sinking. ,, Tlre( i- as all wire with the
pleasant duties of hospitality there was
Pi? rest i. for the, signals meant that the
approaching. tranSP ° ° the fleet were
The ZealancUa, Captaii ~ Dowdell V"
| command, led the van landward with th«
j Colon almost abreast seaward and the
j Senator equidistant in the wake forming
i a triangular echelon. In this manner
i they approached the landiner Dlace.
Friday, the 24th, was another very busy
and yet delightful day. The Senator and
Colon exchanged berths with the China
about daylight and then the work began.
I The general programme for the- morning
I hours was "a go as you please one" for
; purchasing supplies, seeing the town,
: bathing, wandering around and excbang
; ing views. The men were kept to a great
extent in company or squad organiza
tions.
During the afternoon the turret monitor
Monterey arrived ahead of her consort
collier, the Brutus. They also were
warmly received. Captain Leutze report
ed that the monitor behaved splendidly
after leaving San Diego, but encountered
rough weather and the tow line broke so
that she had to go slow. Her engineers
claim that with coal she can outrun the
Brutus.
On Saturday the second expedition
sailed away about 1:30 in the afternoon to
the tune of "Dixie" played by the Ha
waiian Band as supplementary to tho
"Star Spangled Banner" and "Auld Lang
Syne."
Owing to a misunderstanding as to the
hour or sailing, a number of officers and
men were very late on board and a
few were left behind through no fault of
their own. There was not a single case
reported of intentional desertion.
There were three deaths amonsr the
men on the transports. The first to go
was Sergeant George Geddes of Company
C of the Nebraska contingent. He died
on Tuesday, June, 21st, of brain trouble,
1300 miles out from San Francisco on
board the Senator. The funeral services,
in which the Zealandia and Colon joined,
were most impressive and touching. The
regiment's quartet supplied the beauti
ful choral service.
The next to leave the ranks was H. C.
Fisk of the Lincoln company of the sama
regiment. He was sick of typhoid fever
throughout the voyage, and was taken
ashore unconscious and died on the 26th
inst.
The third death was that of Chas. H
Robinson, second cook of the Colon, who
died suddenly of dropsy of the heart while
on duty on Saturday morning, the 25th.
f« 8 remains were taken charge of by the
I. O. O. F. and buried In their lot in
Nuuanu cemetery.
HORACE WRIGHT.
FANNY DAVENPORT
IS NEAR TO DEATH
NEW YORK, July 7.— Miss Fannie Dav
enport is dying at her country place at
South Duxbury, Mass., where she has
been lying ill for some time. Members of
her family have been summoned and sha,
has declined so steadily during the last
few days that it is feared the end is close.
at hand.
/ LIFE\
A life that Is one continual 1
worry because of weakness I
and puniness is scarcely worth I
the liviog- But trj this day you I
need no longer be depressed if I
you are worn out or have your I
strength depleted. A puny
roan's existence is marKed by
fear and gloom, by restless
nights, and oft clammy
sweats; by a consciousness
t^at he is only half a man.
He has little or no pleasure,
ar>d what he has is less day
by day. It matters not what
has brought on the sad state
of affairs — the follies of earjy
days, or the abuse, instead of
the use of, some of nature's
gifts.
Yet tbere are men who con-
' tinue to live this sort of half
life, when they roight be bright
and full of fire and big
strength again, "Hudyan"
has restored to no less than
20,000 men their lost vitality.
It does this because it is na-
ture's own remedy. It stops
all trje depletion in a week.,
and then nature at once be-
gins to reassert herself. Write
and ask. for absolutely free
circulars and testimonials giv-
ing you full information as to
wljat it can do and will do for
you. Act to-day. Get rid of
gloom. Be a man again, end I
a whole manly man, too. A I
perfect roan is an object to
Watch those little ulcers in the moutS
and the falling out of hair. Loosening
teeth, too, and any sign of blood taint.
The moment you discover the slightest
sifrn, write for "30-day blood cure" circu-
lars. Like "Hudyan" testimonials, they
are quite free. The system is perma-
nently and rapidly cleared of all traces ol
tbe poison.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLffi STi,THEIR SYMPATHY
WITH AMERICANS
Residents of Porto Rico Prefer
Annexation to United States
Rather Tfyan iQdependence.
Sprclnl Cable to The C«ll «nd the IVevr York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PUERTO PLATA, Haytl, July 7.— 1 learn that there are
15,000 Spanish regulars now In Porto Rico. All the clerks
In San Juan are forced to carry arms, and are drilling
dally. The sympathy of the local residents Is with the
Americans. They hope the United States will send 4-0,000
soldiers to Porto Rico that the conquest of the island
may be promptly effected. These residents, I am told,
prefer annexation to the United States rather than inde
pendence.
FOUGHT WITH
A GUNBOAT
Exciting Voyage of the
Shenandoah.
SURPRISE FOR SPANIARDS
THEIR FIRE RETURNED BY THE
MERCHANTMAN.
Captain Murphy Makes Use of Can
non to Prevent Capture by a
Warship of the
Enemy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
P.ALTIMORE. July 7.— After an en
counter with a Spanish gunboat on her
way from Liverpool, the Shenandoah ar
rived at Baltimore to-day, and will take
, on a cargo of coal for Sun Francisro.
* whirh may be sent on to Manila. She
is the largest American vessel afloat, and
will take about 4800 tons fuel from this
It is btlieved that her cargo will
be loaded on colliers bound for Manila
from San Francisco.
The Shr-r.andoah has had more expe
rience with Spaniards than has fallen to
the lot of most American merchantmen.
"While in Liverpool, Captain Murphy was
cabled by Arthur Sewell & Co. of Bath,
Me., owners of the Shenandoah, to Insure
the vessel heavily before sailing. The
captain of the ship, however, placed more
reliance in cannon than in Insurance. He
pun based in Liverpool two four-inch
rifled cannon and had them placed aboard
ship. He then cabled to Bath what he
had done.
While the Shenandoah was rounding the !
southwest coast of Ireland, on June 7. j
five days out from Liverpool, a Spanish
gunboat made directly for her at the rate
of about IS knots an hour. Two shots
were fired at the Shenandoah, one of
which fell within 100 feet of her. Captain
Murphy had his cannon loaded, and pro
mmediately to return the flre.
The gunboat evidently was surprised
when she heard the report of the rifles,
and as the wind was favorable to the sail
ing vessel, the pursuit was soon given
up.
THE SANTIAGO
CABLE ABANDONED
And Now General Blanco Is Entirely
Cut Off Irom Communication
With Madrid.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— General
Greely Informed the President to-day
that Blanco has been cut off entirely
from communication with Madrid. The
Santiago cable has been abandoned by
the operators.
Thrall's Appointment Announced.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The Post
master General has appointed H< rhert P.
Thrall superintendent of the eighth di
vision of the railway mail service, with
headquarters nt Ban Francisco, vice
Samuel Flint, who has been ussißned aa
an assistant superintendent in connection
with the Inspei '.ion of star route work.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" If any of ye know just cause or impedi-
nient why tliese two persons should not be
joined together in Holy Matrimony, ye arc
to declare it, or forever after hola you*
peace." If physicians obeyed this solemn
admonition in the marriage ceremony and '
protested with the honest and scientific rea- j
Sons in their poss-.-ssion half of the unhappi- I
Best sickness and death in the world would
cease to exist. The man or wom;:n who hsf
developed symptoms of that dread disease
consumption should not marry until cured
Consumption should bar the way to wedded
life. It is a cr:::ie to transmit to future gen-
erations the death -dealing germs in the
blood of the consumptive.
Many physicians pronounce consumption j
an incurable disease. In this they are mis-
taken as thousands will testify. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery cure* 98 per cent,
of all cases of consumption. It corrects all
disorders of the digestion. It promptly im-
proves the appetite and makes it keen and
in-arty. It fills the biood with the tissue-
building elements of the food, and acting
directly upon the lungs, drives out all im-
purities and disease genus. It makes rich,
pure blood, builds new, firm, healthy flesh,
and Strong, springy muscles. It soothes
and invigorates the nerves. Thousands
nave testified to their permanent Recovery
from consumption through its use, afte:
they were given up y the doctors and all
hope was gone. Druggists sell it and noth-
ing else is "just as good."
There cannot be too many good, practical book!
in a home. Dr. Merce'a Common Sonse Medica!
Adviser ll a good practical book for husbands,
■wives, mothers, daughters and sons. *Send 21
one-cent stamps, to cover cost of mailing only, tc
V orld's Dispensary Medical Association. Buffalo
If. Y. For cloth binding, send 31 f tamps.
CONGRESS TO
ADJOURN TO-DAY
Many Bills Are Being
Rushed Through.
SCRAMBLE FOR RECOGNITION
MEMBERS DESIRE TO HAVE
MEASURES PASSED.
Resolution Tendering Thanks to
Commodore Sehley and Other
Naval Officers Not Dis
posed Of.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The day In
the House was given to consideration
of measures by unanimous consent.
Few of importance were passed. After
the resolutions providing for final ad
journment were agreed to there was a
characteristic ■ ~ene of the closing days,
members in large numbers beingalmost
constantly upon their feet, appealing
for recognition and consideration of
their local measures.
Dalzell (R.) of Pennsylvania offered
from the Ways and Means Committee a
concurrent resolution providing for the
final adjournment of Congress at 2 o'clock
to-morrow. It was immediately passed
and generally applauded by members of
Congress.
There was a perfect storm of appeals
to the Speaker for recognition, members
desiring to secure passage of their bills.
Bills were passed regulating postage on
letters written by the blind; adjusting i
clothing accounts of soldier*; who die i
within six months after entry upon serv
ice: granting right of way through the
Indian Territory to the Gainesville, llc-
Alester and St. Louis Railway.
Attempts were made to call un the reso
lution by Berry (D.) of Kentucky, ex
tendng thanks to Commodore Sehley and
the men under him. and also the Senate
resolutions extending thanks to Lieuten
ant F. H. Newcomb and the officers and
men of Hudson, in the fight off Cardenas,
and directing the retirement, upon full
pay. of Captain Daniel B. Hodgson of the
Hugh McCulloch. engaged in the battle
of Manila, but objections by Ray (R.) of
New York prevented consideration.
Senate amendments to a large number
of bills of minor importance were con
curred in. and many pension bills were
disposed of. The House accepted the Sen
ate provision for an appropriation of $200,
000 to pay the cost of transporting dead
American seamen and soldiers to their
homes for interment, in the discretion of
the War Department.
The bill to incorporate the International
American Bank was called up, but by
unanimous consent it went over to the
first Wednesday after Congress shall
meet in December.
By the adoption of a resolution, Payne,
(R) of New York was formally elected
Speaker pro tempore of the House.
At 4:10 P. M. the House adjourned.
INTERESTING MATTERS
BEFORE THE SENATE
Bill to Restore Major Wham to Full
Rank and Pay Unanimously
Passed.
WASHINGTON, July ".-During the
greater part of the session to-day the
Senate considered unobjeeted bills? on the
general calendar, passing a large number
of them.
The bill permitting the Secretary of
War in his discretion to have erected on
West Point reservation an edifice for re
ligious worship was passed without
amendment. Its primary purpose is to
enable the erection of a Roman Catholic
church.
A bill to -increase the number of post
quartermaster sergeants of the United
States army was passed.
Another measure reported from the
military committee to reimburse the Gov
ernors of States and Territories for ex
penses incurred by them in aiding the
United States to raise and organize, sup
ply and equip' the present volunteer
army was passed.
A hill to restore Major Wham, formerly
paymaster in the United States army, to
MS full rank and pay in the army was
unanimously passed.
A resolution authorizing the Commit
tee on Finance to make an investigation
or internal revenue and customs matters
and to hold sessions during the recess of
< ongresa was agreed to.
rnese bills were passed: ! Fixing the pay
and allowances of chaplains of volunteer
regiments, making them the same as
those of mounted captains; permitting of
ncers in the regular or volunteer army
to hold positions as commissioners, super
intendents or historians of national parks.
White (D.) of California offered a reso
lution requesting the President to take
Immediate steps, if not incompatible with
public interests, to secure the release or
the fair and speedy trial of Harry K.
Spring and Charles Nelson, residents of
California, who have for a lone time been
under arrest in the republic of Colombia.
The resolution was agreed to.
Morgan announced that he proposed to
tr 7/u Br S£, U " hls bin for the construction
of the Mcarauga canal by the United
States.
Turpie of Indiana sharply opposed the
idea suggested by Morgan. He main
tail that the opponents of the bill had
a right to be heard briefly. The sugges
tion of Morgan, he thought, was prema
ture, as the report of the Canal Com
mission had not been filed.
Allison called up the House resolution
providing for the adjournment of.Con
gress to-morrow and had it referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
At 4:45 the Senate went Into executive
session, and at C:l2 p. m. adjourned.
Big Price for a Ranch.
STOCKTON. July 7. -The largest sin
gle land transaction ever recorded In this
county was placed on record to-day. It
1b a contract entered Into by James C.
Smith, the well-known farmer on the
lower Sacramento road, to sell his entire
ranch for $4(fl.000. The purchaser Is C. F.
Blandin of San Francisco.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
CERVERA'S LOSSES
WERE ENORMOUS
-opj-rlghted, IS9B. by the Associated
Press.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL
SHAFTER, Julys, by the Associated
Press dispatch boat Dandy (via Port
Antonio and Kingston, Jamaica,
July6.)— Admiral Cervera, who was
transferred from the Gloucester to
the battleship lowa, Is being treated
with every consideration.
To-day's estimate on the Spanish
loss in the naval battle is placed at
1200 killed and ISOO captured,
against which stands an American
loss of one killed and two wounded.
RICH STRIKE
OF QUARTZ
New El Dorado of the
North.
MINERS ARE RUSHING IN
THOUSAND CLAIMS ALREADY
LOCATED.
Free Milling Flake Gold Found
in the Sand Along the
Banks of Nine Mile
Creek.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, July 4 (by steam
ship Al-Ki to Seattle, July 7).— The
latest strike on the other side of the
divide is one of quartz. One thousand
men at least have made locations on
the rack of Nine-mile Creek, which
pours its waters, speckled with gold,
into the lake with the prosaic name of
Mud, which is a few miles this side of
White Horse Rapids. It is a quartz of
free-milling gold, easy to work. No ex
citement at or around Dawson has ever
exceeded that occasioned by this dis
covery.
This is how the discovery was made:
A goldseeker, in dipping his felt hat
into the stream to catch water to drink,
picked up a quart of sand, which he,
after slaking his thirst, panned out,
with the result that a number of Hakes
nt gold as large as, but thinner than,
flake gold, remained in the dip of the
hat.
The gravel bed was small, and a hunt
was at c-nce begun for the origin of the
gold, which was located in the quartz
on the sides of the creek. Every man
now going into Dawson drives stakes
nn Nine-mile Creek on any kind of
rock. Not less than 100 men, whu
have been lucky in making the best lo
cations, will remain on Nine-mile Creek
and not proceed to Dawson.
Some of the quartz, pounded up in a
mortar, shows a quantity of gold that
indicates that it will run $9uu to the
ton. The whole top of the earth ia
mountains and rock, and if the ledge
holds out fabulous wealth Is yet to be
ground c-ut on Mud Lake.
Steamboats now carry gold seekers
from Lake Bennett to Dawson in three
days, returning on the up-current trip
in ten days, fare down $100; from Daw
son to Bennett $250. There are now
four steamers on the Lewis-Yukon run
from Lake Bennett. One small craft,
the Irwin, which plies between Ben
nett and White Horse Rapids, is re
ported to have cleared $20,000 since the
opening of navigation in May. The
shores of both lakes are ship yards
which are yet far from deserted. By
these steamers by way of Dyea, Daw
son is only four days from Juneau and
eight days from Puget Sound.
Gold hunters are leaving Wrangel
and the Stickten like rats deserting a
sinking ship. Every steamer which
comes north carries many men and
outfits from Wrangel.
Patriotism in this time of war runs
high in Alaska. Tons of red fire is be
ing burned to-night in Juneau, Doug
las, Sitka and Wrangel. Governor
Brady, who has just returned from
Washington, D. C, has reported that
President McKinley does not expect
any volunteers from Alaska, but he ex
pressed a wish that a national guard
should be formed here.
At once the Takon Braves, a local
social organization, took up the work
and a braver or better looking lot of
young men would be hard to find.
Charles S. Rosener of California is the
organizer and Tom Smith, formerly an
employe of the Risdon Iron Works, is
Chief Tyee. This company will to-day
apply to Secretary Alger for uniforms
and arms. LaL HOFFMAN.
CONFIRMATION
OF NOMINATIONS
WASHINGTON, July 7.-The Senate in
executive session confirmed almost all the
nominations on the calendar to which
there was no opposition, and decided to
Bo into executive session at 12:30 to-mor
row for the purpose of taking up cases
in which confirmation is opposed. The
following were among the nominations
confirmed to-day:
J. B. Forbes of New York, A. P. Gree
ley of Xew Hampshire and P. S. Gross
cup of Illinois, members of a commission
to revise t lie laws relating to patents
and trade marks.
J. B. Fuller of Marysville, Cal.. pension
agent at San Francisco.
To \)f register of Land Office, Elmer E.
Hershey. Missoula. Mont.
To be United States District Attorney,
Timothy F. Hurke, district of Wyoming.
Elwood Hadley to be Indian Agent,
Pima Agency. Arizona.
Frank A. Hadsell to be United States
Marshal, district or Wyoming.
Postmasters: Wyoming— lda E. Hewes,
Caspar. California— Edward Bush, at
SHma; J- D. Fowler, at San Luis Oblspo.
Nevada— Henry J. Jones, at Elko. Wash
ington—Walter L. Darby, at Pomeroy;
D. J. Olds, at South Bend.
United States Volunteer Engineers, Sec
ond Regiment -To be captain, Thomas
W. If. Draper of Colorado; to be first
lieutenants— E. Stomr Ttee of Colorado,
Frederick J- Mills of Idaho, Frederick C.
Turner of California, Frank L. Brlttain
of California; to he second lieutenant,
Thomas Cooney of Montana.
Nayy — Commodore Frederick V. Mc-
Nair. to be a rear admiral: Captain Wil
liam T. Sampson, to be commodore; Com
mander Francis W. Dickins. to be cap
tain; Lieutenant Commander William S.
Cowles, to bo commander; Lieutenant
Commander Conway H. Arnold, to be
commander.
NOMINATED FOR OFFICE.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the Sen
ato:
Jesse B. Fuller to be Tension Agent, San
Franclpco.
To be Keeeivers of Public Moneys: William
M HodKnian. at Hallpy, Idaho; Charles H.
Oarbfy of Mnho at Lewiston, Ohio; A. L.
Hanscom, at Minot. N. Dnk.
Neal J. Sharp of Idaho, to he Register of the
Land Office at Hailey, Idaho.
James W. J-ee of Maryland, to be Construc
tor of and for the Revenue Cutter Service, with
rank of first lieutenant.
To he members of the commission to revise
and amend the laws of the United States con
cerning patents, trademarks and other marks,
an.l trade or commercial names: Francis
Forbes of New York, Arthur P. Greeley of,
New Hampshire. Peter S. Groescuo of, Illinois.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
'f'ufff v V- "" t J^////g " 1 " \\\\ \\,\s^ 6 propose to make a clean sweep in every \ |»»
111 1 '((( \ i // i^^ar" \ — •—• — * I il Vv i\^. department every nook and corner will get its \i iSj
Wv \V^r: tm^^ <vL«^ nfMiH \ V \\ \ ll v sweep, with our eyes closed to losses, but with a | iwJ
Vi v^r>^ / .^r^vV /■ ////fffjl/ '\ % \ \\ I firm determination that all spring and summer I iro'
"^/ It! J^A, F**' i nil 111 \ \ Vl/ goods shall go, and quickly at that. la if/
/ >y^L^\'^\. V eilill 7 i \ '' To-day we invite you to one of the biggest £? Ijf
([ Al s@l^Vv\ \\ mM \( '' \ v sales, the greatest values and the smallest prices **
A\ V / \v^=SK^Nt\ ml It \ we have ever Quoted.
/ \ MM 'I / I Everything goes in the sweep. ,
Si :\. ' i^ si '"^>-^f^N^^^ V * vv^ 1\ Nothing half-hearted in our values. ds&. bm mmm
***' >^ / tfttj(M(/*\^sf^ i %v_ • TFe mean to clean ,' em- out. Never mind f| a &&. a™.
>S^ dlilw l^|^ -<s |s^ sUt* ~^\. what 1 hey sold for before. These lines are \ k
/v^vr^^v >^\(l <C^\ broken ; perhaps your size; there's about Rill
iStfek Tmv\ jA ySjVU V^ I 350 suits in all. Sweep price • • HpUfcy 1 E
' ' ' ' W\m|,*.\\\ iul^^^^v^ »v Vs>^— . ~^s^ y The steeliest of our spring stock in all
T*twi M^C\ \ s^^^'^ J the pretty styles ; the-swellest and richest
iStm • vJ\ \ '..'' suits your eyes ever gazed icpon ; for busi-
'.'- . •■ ' -r^ . • x^l\ \ >s > : ness wear, for dress-up occasions ; in blue /f\ Effj apm
•-- • "■•- ■■'■•••-:■■■. •.- •■- •" *•■■'— --•■•■■.'■ --:'. ,_^_ ■• ■ '. -- . m and black cheviots', in fancy plaids and fill Tf ...■ Jm |^
Mothers, We're House Cleaning!
A clean sweep is our rule.
<^*^ . . Over 600 pretty Suits, in Reefers and Mid-
%Jk dies, some with reefer collars, some with vests;
y?^^^v handsome colorings ; ages 3 to 9 years.
v/ /iClsCk • Also Suits for larger boys— ages 9 to 15
ft vFt years ; knee trouwrs ; very swell styles; Suits
\ /\<jy^y£\ that sold up to 3.50. Sweep price,
ft? A Dash at Our Finest.
All of our $5, $6 and $7 Suits— those pretty
Brownie Suits, with vests, all colorings ; handsome Scotches ; in
Reef ers and two-piece Suits ; ages 3to 16 years. The lines are
broken. There's 1200 Suits to pick from. Sweep Price,
For the Big Lads.
Hundreds of Suits will fly off our counters to-day in bright
colorings and genteel, dressy patterns, for boys ages 12 to 19
years, wearing long trousers. Sweep Price To- Day,
Men's Patch-
* — ~j^*^y^\ Bosom Shirts,
n T r V] white bodies,
T %L,pf I ' our regular 75c
: ; ; . ■ I '■■ - : . shirt. In the
■ \ 'P ■ j ''■ sweep at
w-^T\ ■ 49c.
'•: "' i j-2 ■■ ■ . All of our 75c
\\ ' ■ J'l ;;; 7 and $1 Bcilbrig- i
\ [''■ f|.[]/ ganUnderwear,
>- ?> : *-^' broken sizes. In
the sweep at
45c.
Very heavy, Natural Wool
Underwear, covered scams, good
■value at $1.50. Sweep price
65c.
BARRON WILL
CASE SETTLED
Special Dlcpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 7.— The famous Barron
will contest was dismissed to-day by
Judge Hyland, and the litigation for pos
session of the late millionaire Edward
Barron's estate came abruptly to an end.
A compromise has been effected between
Eva Rose Barron, the widow, and George
E. Barron, the contestant. The motion
of dismissal was made by Attorney S. P.
Leib on behalf of the contestant. The
case has been In court about four years,
and was bitterly fought by both sides.
%50 dozen Maco
Cotton Hose,
split foot, black
tcps and whi:e
feet. A very
Swell Hose.
'* '/&rl I>l3 ' 15 KE ARNY ST.
Edward Barren died four years ago,
leaving an estate worth $1,000,000. The
bulk of the property was left to Eva Rose
Barron, his young widow. For George j
Barren, a son, a $100,000 trust fund was j
created, he to have the income. George i
objected to this, and began a contest of
his father's will. After a long and stub
born trial the will was set aside on the
grounds of unsoundness of mind of the
testator and undue influence. A new trial
was granted to the executrix, Eva Rose
B;irron. Steps then taken to compromise
resulted In the dismissal of the contest
to-day.
By the terms of the compromise George
E. Barron is given half of the trust fund—
$50,000— and $22,000 accrued interest. Most
of this $72,000 will go to pay his debts.
The other $50,000 is made a trust fund,
with Eva Rose Barron its trustee. This
will give George Barron an Income of
about $2000 a month.
Financial Panic in Chile.
NEW YORK, July 7.— A dispatch re
ceived here from Valparaiso, Chile, via I
mixtures ; suits that have sold up to $15; a #1 *h
nothing ails 'em but the price. We're Elb|| fl &San a
cleaning 'em out at ■ 1 ■\0
Our very finest of suits, any one a gem ;
of the tailor's art; a handsomer and richer ;A± gSk j«t mat
lot of garments never assembled under one ffll H^| g | |T~~
roof; but you our custom ivhen the \ \ %4| %| "g
season's over. $18 to $20 was their price. 11l ■ I ■I ■ I
In the sweep to-day for H w n& I \m \0
Men's Trousers.
Men's Fine Wool Pants, $3 values. Sweep -4 FBBF 88 •""V
price Vplt>3U
Men's Fine All-wool Cassimsre Trousers, 4CX?* *& €~\ C^
$Jj.values. Sweep pricz %^!^^ I »^*y C|^
:; You know ice are leaders in Hats. We . X — «gS5B!'^ 1 x
are direct importers, from the minufac- !p^
turer to the consumer. That if why we do BjS^K^^^^^
such a large Hat business. We sell Dior e i! ' |S *®fe%/
i Hats than all th" hatters combined. . . Rs|7 -— WK iK
The Deicey Hat, which has been the ■ BP^f. .p ™*rj
\ craze, is again on sale to-day. It's worth ,-^i —^^
]$2 of any man's money. They come in = — ■-!«; — <*
pearl with black bands, in otter with brown trimmings, in to-
bacco, also th". staple black.
We have included in this great sale about 200 dozen Blaok
Derbys. Sweep pries
Swmt
_^-*. fe^. Here's fun for
llfif^wi^* yon. ladies.
m ?|O| About 200
j\ ~.T&§r'j r ;f dozen of the
.4sfc^J«!2b^7 swell est Ladies'
' \ \«Bfi^S*->^ Band Bows, in
\ V |\\\. pretty light col-
■ ' V. : 0 ' orings and swell
plaids; 25c and, 50c values.
In the sweep to-day at
9c,
Galveston, Tex. says: A imancial panic
has been occasioned here by the with
drawal and exportation of gold, which
has caused the Chilean Government . to
officially close all the banks in Chile un
til the 12th inst. During the suspension
the Government will consider the advisa
bility of issuing paper money. ; ;
o
HART HOPES TO
LEAD A BRIGADE
WASHINGTON, July 7.— Ex-Attorney
General W. H. H. Hart Is here endeavor
ing to have the War Department accept
another California brigade of volunteers.
He hopes to be appointed brigadier gen
eral.
De Young to Be Disappointed.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— M. H. de
Young will not be appointed Commis
sioner General of the United States at
the Paris Exposition. This is positive.
The New Military Cap.
PI . Have you no-
iliSi^rS • tided] the swell
J& '&f Military Cap
' f j|| that the officers
'2j*qA are firing?
Elegantly i em-
* *• /v br oidered in
silk, We have
'em. They're in the sweep at
49c.
About 200 Suits in littlcboys'
Sailors. The sizes are broken;
they're odds and ends. If we
have your size, in the sweep at
98c.
I He might be tendered one of the subor
i dinate eommissionerships. but this he will
not accept. Mr. de Young is still In
Washington urging his candidacy.
'■■■■ m . '. -•
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California:
Original— William K. Wallace, Veterans'
Home, Napa, S6: Daniel Glblen, San Fran
cisco, $6; Samuel D. Hover. Los Angeles,
i $8; Martin T. Ivy, Biggß, ftl; Benjamin M.
Rogers, Ophir. $«: Timothy O* Sullivan, San
Francisco, ; ;i : Klias S. Bowman, Wterans"
Home, Napa, $10. Additional— Michael
! Fitasimmons, Soldiers' Home, Los An
! geles, $(j to ?8. Original widow, etc.— Laura
iA. Mabee, Los Gate?, $8. Mexican War
survivors— Benjamin Lacy Mastin, Red
Bhiff. $8 to $12.
Oregon: Original— William A. Sain,
i Baker City, $6; Robert M. Forsythe, dead,
Salem, $12. Additional— Ambrose A. Eng
! lish. Wallowa, $6 to $12.
Washington: Original— Ardell D. Pink
: ertonrChwry Valley, $10; Stephen E. Cof-
I fin. Tekoa, $6.
34
HARBOR OF LAS PALMAS, the Capital of the Grand Canary, Which Is Likely to Be Soon Visited by Commodore
Watson's Fleet.
WILL SUE
FOR PEACE
THIS WEEK
NEW YORK, July 7.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
grraphs:
Will peace come with the fall of San
tiago? The administration officials are
hopeful and some of them are confident
that it will. This hope Is based on one
important bit of information which
came to Washington to-day in the fol
lowing official dispatch to the Secretary
of the Navy from Lieutenant Colonel
Wells, United States naval attache at
London:
"Have reliable information Spain will
enter into peace negotiations this week.
Campos probably Prime Minister."
Lieutenant Colonel Wells' sources of
information as to what is going
on in Spain have hitherto been so re
liable that officials of the administra
tion are hopeful that his dispatch will
be borne out by events. It is believed
that the sending of Commodore Wat
son's squadron to Spain and to pursue
Admiral Camara will be one of the most
effective agencies in bringing about
peace.
No third nation ■will be consulted as
to the terms of peace. I can say on
the highest authority that the admin
istration is determined on this point
and will not say that any third nation
sha.. have a word to say as to the terms
on which peace is to be declared. The
treaty will be negotiated between the
United States and Spain and between
them alone, and the wishes of any other
nation as to what shall be done with
regard to Porto Rico or the Philip
pines or any other territory the United
States may take from Spain before the
treaty is negotiated -will not be con
sulted.
It is feared some effort might be'
made to Interfere in the Philippines. I
can say that it is the determination of
the administration not to permit any
such interference and to resist it to the
furthest extent.
MADRID, July 7.— A Spanish Cabi
net Minister is quoted in an interview
as saying that the present Government
of Spain will devote itself solely to the
defense of the Spanish coasts, and ti.at,
if negotiations for peace must be
opened, they will have to be conducted
by another Government.
The Government has received a tele
gram from Admiral Cervera, announc
ing the death of Admiral Villamel. who
•was in command of the Spanish tor
pedo-boat squadron at Santiago, and
the suicide of Captain Lazaga, com
mander of the Infanta Maria Teresa.
A Minister, after the Cabinet meet
ing to-day, declared that if Admiral
Cervera had succeeded in escaping the
Spaniards would have sued for peace.
But, he added, In view of the destruc
tion of the Spanish fleet, the war must
be continued, lest Spain be accused of
cowardice or fear.
Dispatches received here from official
sources at Havana announce that the
people are enthusiastic there to con
tinue the war.
LONDON, July 7.— The newspapers
throughout Europe are urging Spain
to sue for peace. It is generally re
cognized that Senor Sagasta's Cabinet
will shortly be superseded. The dif
ficulty in the way of peace is the army,
which is anxious to retrieve the failure
of the navy.
LIEUTENANT ORD'S
MOST TRAGIC DEATH
Killed by a Treacherous Spaniard
After Leading a Most Gallant
Charge.
OFF JUARAGUA. July 5 (via Kingston,
Jamaica, July 6.— The incidents attending
the death of Lieutenant Ord, son of the
late General E. O. C. Ord. were dramatic.
He was an aid on the staff of General
Hawkins, and throughout the day of the
battle was active and energetic in getting
the troops up the line. He was right in
the front rank when the Sixth, Thir
teenth, Twenty-fourth and Sixteenth
regiments made their desperate charge on
San Juan hill, and was one of the first
officers to reach the summit.
Just as he was passing the brow of the
hill he saw a Spaniard lying on tne
ground, and, pointing to him, he said
"Take care of that man."
The Spaniard caw the motion, and, evl
dently thinking Lieutenant Ord was or
dering him killed, he raised his riile and
shot the lieutenant dead.
The soldiers of the Sixth Infantry, as
Lieutenant Ord was an officer of that
regiment and very popular with the men,
were wild with rago and lite rally tore the
body of the Spaniard to pieces with bul
lets. Then they kicked it into a trench.
FULL RANK OF A
MAJOR GENERAL
Corbln's Rapid Promotion Causes a
Charge of Political Favoritism
in the Senate.
WASHINGTON', July 7,-T.ate this
afternoon a bill conferring «pon Adju
tant General Corbin the rank, pay and
allowances of major general was passed
by the Senate. When unanimous consent
was asked by Sewell (R.) of New Jersey,
for consideration of the bill, Pettus (D.)
of Alabama objected. However, the Sen
ate decided to consider the bill.
Pettus sharply criticized the measure,
and charged that General Corbin had
been rapidly promoted by reason of po
litical favoritism. This charge brought
several Senators to their feet, among
whom were Bate, Pasco and Bacon
MAJOR-GENERAL NELSON A. MILES. COMMANDING THE ARMY,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
THREATENS TO
SEIZE CHINESE
TERRITORY
PEKING, July 7.- The
Russian Charge d'Affalres,
M. Pavaloff, has informed
the Tsung Li Yamen (Chi
nese Foreign Office) that
if a northern extension of
railroad, which has been
conceded to a British syn
dicate, is persisted in, Rus
sia may be obliged to seize
the province of Chill, In
which Peking is situated,
as compensation.
(Democrats), all of whom testified to
General Corbln's distinguished ability and
special fitness for the position he occu
pies. There was no division on the vote
by which the bill was passed.
To Form a New Party.
VENTURA, July 7.— The Populist Coun
ty Central Committee this afternoon de
cided not to send delt^ateg to the State
convention. Populists of this county are
not favorable to fusion. However, reso
lutions were adopted favoring a union ot
forces under the name of the Union Re
form party, with direct legislation as the
principal plank in the platform.
WATSON'S
SQUADRON
DETACHED
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The Presi
dent called a council of war to-day at
the White House, the purpose being to
review the situation and learn exactly
what the present conditions are and
what changes, if any, should be made
in the plans for the future conduct of
the war. According to one of the mem
bers present it was decided to abide
by the plans already laid, at least as
to the general conduct of the campaign.
Confirmation seemed to have been
given to the statement later in the day,
when, after a conference with the mem
bers of the War Board, Secretary Long
announced that he had ordered Ad
miral Sampson to detach from his own
command immediately the vessels to be
embraced in Commodore Watson's
eastern squadron and to direct the
commodore to proceed on his mission.
The vessels of the squadron will not
be the same as those originally selected,
for the reason probably that the recent
engagement with Cervera's squadron
necessitated some changes. The new
eastern squadron will consist of the
battle-ships lowa and Oregon, the pro
tected cruiser Newark and the auxil
iary cruisers (carrying side armor)
Dixie, Yankee and Yosemite, the col
liers Averenda, Cassius, Caesar, Leoni
das and Justin and the supply-boat
Delmonico. The lowa, Oregon and New
ark are all in the south with Sampson.
The Dixie is at Newport and the Yan
kee at Tompkinsville. The colliers are
at Hamptcrn Koads with the Delmonico.
The ships are to set sail as soon as they
can coal and supply. It will not be re
quired, in the case of the southern ves
sels, to come north, which would mean
the loss of several days, but they will
start directly from the points where
they are now located. The order pro
vides that each ship shall make her
way across the Atlantic to a marine
rendezvous, which will be designated in
sealed orders to prevent its exposure to
the slightest possible danger from the
enemy, and the most that is known is
that it will be at some point off the
Spanish coast.
It probably will not be long after that
before the American squadron will be
in full pursuit of Camara, with his
remnant of the Spanish navy. Mean
while, the gathering of the American
fleet off the Spanish ports is expected
to have a sobering effect upon the in
flamed people. The number of colliers
accompanying the expedition is evi
dence that a long cruise lies ahead and
that our naval authorities propose to
be caught in no such position as was
Camara at Port Said — obliged to sub
mit to a refusal of coaling privileges.
A telegram received at the State De
partment this afternoon announced
that Camara was still lying with his
squadron at Suez, the southern and
eastern entrance to the canal. The
torpedo-boats Osada, Proservino and
Audaz, which were yesterday reported
at Pharo, Portugal, arrived to-day at
Cadiz, their home port. Admiral Dewey
has been notitied of all these move
ments.
The very first care of the officials
will be for the wounded men, who are
to be brought north as rapidly as their
condition will permit.
Meanwhile, all is being done In the
neighborhood of Santiago to alleviate
the suffering. This afternoon came
a telegram from General Shafter to
the War Department as follows: "In
the name of the sick and wounded offi
cers and men under my command, I
thank Mr. J. W. Mackay for the ice
sent us."
Major General Miles, accompanied by
the entire staff of army headquarters,
left to-night for Charleston, S. C,
where the party will embark for San
tiago. The party consists of General
Miles, General J. C. Gilmore, adjutant
general of staff; General Roy Stone,
Colonel C. R. Greenleaf, surgeon; Lieu
tenant Colonels J. W. Clous, M. C.
Maus and A. S. Rowan; Major John
D. Black and Captain H. H. Whitney.
At the same time Lieutenant Colonel
Michler and a large staff of headquar
ters clerks, who have been in Tampa,
will come north to Charleston and
join the party. The start will be made
from Charleston on either the Yale or
Columbia, which are taking on troops
there. It is expected that the party
will be at Santiago the early part of
next week.
On the eve of his departure General
Miles expressed satisfaction on starting
to join the troops. He spoke of the
sacrifice and hardships they had passed
through recently and of those yet to
come. General Miles has no other pur
pose in going to Santiago than to look
over the military situation and to
strengthen the hand of Shafter. There
is no intention on his part to take in
any manner from the glory that Shaf
ter has won or may win in this cam
paign. He will not relieve General
Shafter of his command unless the lat
ter's physical condition is such as to
demand some such action.
With a view to giving General Shaf
ter the benefit of more heavy artillery
orders were issued to-day for the im
mediate departure of four more heavy
batteries for Tampa for transportation
to Santiago at once. These batteries
are X of the Seventh Artillery, now at
HEARST'S WEIRD
TALE OF MURDER
PROVED A FAKE
Shjafter Vigorously Denounces tf)e
Report Tfyat Prisoners Are
Put to Death.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald sends the following: Major General Shafter, commanding the Am
erican army operating against Santiago, has branded as an absolute
falsehood Mr. Hearst's charge that the Cubans had murdered Spanish
prisoners turned over to them by American troops.
Secretary Alger acted promptly in making an investigation of Mr.
Hearst's charge. When the Secretary called at the White House last
evening he brought Mr. Heart's charge to the attention of the President,
and then cabled to Major General Shafter directing him to report at
once if there was any foundation for it. This is General Shafter's re
ply, received at the War Department to-day:
"PLATA DEL ESTE, July 7.— To Secretary of War, Washington:
Dispatch as to killing of prisoners by Cubans absolutely false. No pris
oners have been turned over to them and they have shown no disposi
tion to treat badly any Spaniards who have fallen into their hands.
"SHAFTER, Major General Commanding."
Naturally General Shafter's reply will close the incident so far as
the department is concerned. Had his message indicated in any way
that there was any truth in the charge, an exhaustive investigation
would have been made, and the person or persons found responsible
would have suffered as they deserved.
The authorities are delighted to l«arn from General Shafter that
the report is groundless, as they objected to the army appearing before
the civilized world as accessories to murder committed by our allies, the
Cubans. Should any further reports of this character be published
there is reason to believe the department will suggest to General Shaf
ter the advisability of removing the author or authors from his lines.
Such reports published in Cuba, Porto Bico and Spain will produce the
impression among Spaniards, the authorities fear, that they will be mur
dered if captured by, or if they surrender to, the Americans, and this
apprehension will probably cause them not only to fight to the death,
but to give no quarter to any Americans who may be taken prisoners.
The treatment of the Merrimac's crew by the Spaniards is pointed to by
the authorities as indicating that the Spaniards will treat the Ameri
cans chivalrously if not aroused by false reports, and it is, therefore,
to the interest of the Government and its war services to prevent such
reports being published when they are Absolutely without foundation.
Great indignation is expressed by Cubans here at Mr. Heart's ac-
tion in charging them with murdering Spanish prisoners. Those with
whom I talked to-day declare the insurgents have never been guilty of
such a crime before the war, and they are not likely to take such action
now when supported by American troops and fighting for a place
among the nations of the world. The fact that Mr. Hearst owns a paper
which has ostensibly been espousing their cause and publishes in that
journal a charge of the most infamous character is regarded as most
significant, as indicating his true position.
Willetts Point; D of the Fourth Artil
lery, at Fort McHenry, Md., and H and
X of the Second Artillery, at Fort
Adams and elsewhere in Rhode Island.
Advices received here this morning
from General Shafter announce that a
number of high Spanish officials are de
serting 1 across the lines at Santiago into
the American camp. This act is re
garded here as highly significant of an
early surrender.
The War Department admitted for
the first time to-day that two expedi
tions, one on the Florida and another
on the Fanita, had successfully pro
ceeded from Florida ports to points in
central and western Cuba, where large
quantities of arms and supplies were
landed for General Gomez' command.
This is the first time that arms have
got to Gomez and his men in the west
ern sections, as the first expedition
equipped Garcia and his men around
Santiago. The Florida and Fanita left
some time ago, but their movements
were guarded with the greatest care
in order that a premature publication
might not jeopardize the safety of those |
on board as well as the delivery of the
guns. The time of danger is now
passed, however, and the full stock of
guns, ammunition and supplies is in
the hands of General Gomez' troops.
TWO MORE SPANISH
VESSELS CAPTURED
Both Laden With Provisions Destined
for the Beleaguered Cities in
Cuba.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The War De
partment has received a telegram from
ADVERTISEMENTS. : :
®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®® ® ®®®®®®s®®®®®®®®®®®@®
® ' * - ®
i CURED OF RHEUMATISM I
® ®
I Another Grateful Man Praises This Won- ®
® derful Belt. |
It/ vVAli* ™ (?)
© ■ 4*v / //iU\Vi^ . ' ©
5 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt j
® (Free 1 Suspensory for Weak Men). ©
® ken in gratitude by men and women In every, town in the West m_ ®
| SnVofle!^^^^ |
® YOU CAN'T DOUBT THIS PROOF. ®
© two DR and SA have E^ DD n e |re?i[v benemed tIW ff ° F th& laSt month or ©
® suffering greatly' .with rheuSafism and was no? ibll tn l^^ 26^ J waa ©
® rffil\ y> wfsh'in^ 61 V6ry Sch^p^^c^ln^Th^nS tJiVS^yoi?^! ®
q a trial. Wishing you success. I remain, yours very truly >our iJelt
0 J. D. SMELSER, Manhattan Mine, "knoxville, Cal. ®
1 . IT CURES ALL WEAKNESS IN MEN. ®
®■' _T It gives strength, which mal.es men of physical wreck*. T« -—* S
I r^ ff v r s.s a o n Tp? l i»tfr th ' boofc - Thre « ««s^ &FSs |
1 DR. A. T. SANDEN, *^~~~ * I
® ™»«.Vk.t8tr..t,0.n,.,K.m ,i»r m d, M NOT IN DRUG STORES. I
O Bouth Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washing- nor by traveling^ agents^^ onTv ©
® i?r., Btre^ t: Denv er, Col.. 931 Sixteenth street: +" our office. 8 & S entt >. only ■' : ©
q Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street. ®
®®.®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®(S>®®®@ @@@@@@@@ |
General Shafter's headquarters stating
that the auxiliary cruiser Osceola has
captured a Spanish lighter laden with pro
visions valued at $50,000.
KEY WEST, July 7.— The small Spanish
schooner Gallito, loaded with lumber,
chickens, pigs and provisions of various
kinds, has been captured by the auxiliary
gunboat Eagle and was brought in here
to-day. The capture was effected on
Tuesday last, east of Cape Popo, Isle of
Pines.
FIGHT LENDS VARIETY
TO THE CELEBRATION
Americans in Mexico Kill Two Span
iards Who Insulted Old Glory
on the Fourth.
EL PASO, Tex., July 7.— News reached
here to-day from Mexico of a Fourth of
July celebration at a village in the State
of Sonora, which terminated in a shoot
ing affray with fatal results. Harry
Love of St. Louis, Fred Goebel of New
Orleans and A. H. Bird of Chicago, Amer
ican miners, to celebrate Independence
day raised Old Glory at the village of
Guipara. Seven Spanish gamblers who
were present ordered the Americans to
take down the flag and one of , them fired
at it. The Americans promptly drew
their revolvers and a fusillade was ex
changed. Two of the Spaniards were
killed and one American wounded. The
Mexican authorities put a stop to the
fight by driving the surviving Spaniards
out of the camp.
Would Give a Modern Vessel.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 7.-Hon. Albert
Lieber of this city has issued an appeal
to the German-Americans of the United
States to present the Government with a
modern up-to-date vessel, to be named
the Teutonic.CHURCHMEN
IN COUNCIL
Congregationalists Meet
at Portland.
NOBLE ELECTED MODERATOR
OFFICERS AND COMMITTEES
SUBMIT REPORTS.
British and United States Flags
Are Draped Side by Side
in the Meeting
Place.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., July 7.— The Tenth
Triennial National Council of the Con
gregational churches of the United
States met at 11 o'clock this morning.
150 delegates being present. The in
terior of the First Congregational
Church, where the council holds its ses
sions, is generously decorated wi'.h
flowers and the American and British
flags are draped together about the
pulpit and the front of the gallery.
When a bulletin was read in the
council this morning, announcing the
exchange of Lieutenant Hobson and his
men, the entire body arose and cheer
after cheer was given for the Merri
mac crew.
In the absence of the retiring mod
erator, Hon. Nelson Dingley of Maine,
Arthur H. Wellman of Massachusetts,
assistant chairman of the provisional
committee, called the body to order.
The election of moderator was then
taken up, and Dr. F. A. Noble of Chi
cago was chosen on the first ballot.
The vote was as follows: Dr. F. A.
Noble of Chicago, 72; Dr. A. H. Brad
ford of Montclair, N. J., 65.
O. V. Coffin of Connecticut and Rev.
George C. Adams of San Francisco
were elected assistant moderators.
At the afternoon session the moder
ator appointed committees on business,
credentials and finance. Rev. A. W.
Ackerman of the First Church of Port
land, in a brief address, welcomed the
delegates to this city. The remainder
of the afternoon session was occupied
with reading and discussion of reports
of standing committees.
The report of the treasurer, Mr. Sam
uel B. Forbes, of Hartford. Conn.,
showed receipts of $42,731 and disburse
ments of $40,169, the balance on hand
being 52561. There is $1749 in the se
curity fund.
The secretary, the Rev. H. A. Hazen,
D. D., of Boston, presented his report,
which was in part as follows:
We represent to-day 5614 churches, a |
gain in three years of 273. or 91 each year.
The number of new churches wa -
twice as many: but the gain has been re
duced by 277. which have ceased to be or
to be reported. Our total membership
stands at 625.864. Of this number 329.29G |
are in the East. 220.242 in the Interior and
7* "27 in the West. The additions, on con
fessions made a total of !^.sfi4, and are
grouped— 37.olS in the East. 43,345 in the in
terior and is.l.'l in the W'ppt. The remov
(l»,-ith were 24,614—15,650 in the East.
• the Interior and l"i\d in the West.
• fart baptisms show a gain of near
ly 2000, bt-ing in total 36.306—17.261 in the
13,224 in tho interior and 5541 in the
The churches report a member
ln Young People's societies of 21C,
cain of 31.900. These members are
•-'buted— lo4,2s7 in the East. 79,568 in
• rerior and 32.21S in the West. Our
• v-echool total stands at 64.769, a
pain of only 77iV;>, as against 57.000 the
7-f-vinus triennium. Of the missions Sun
choola there was a loss of 1611. In
.-nevolence. also, the balance is on
•he wrong side. The total the three years
is $6,761,830. a falling off of $482,752. The
East save *4.9"*.!<37. the interior $1,434,621
and the West $41«.260. The East and West
= how a small gain of about $20,000 each,
a falling off comes in the interior of $523,
"4 Our Home expenses reach $20. 232.. "59
—in the East $11,649,643, the interior $6,461.
270 and the West $2.U2.540. These sums
aro if.se than in the last report— in the
jr as , '.- - -he interior $200. 555 and In
tn p VTe«t (OMUL Of 1306 ministers serv
~\ are not reported as
pastor*. _____^_^_^__»
Alice Bix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
MINING MEN DISCUSS
PROPOSED NEW LAWS
Congress at Salt Lake Considers Be
ports From the Committee on
vision.
SALT LAKE, July 7.— To-day's session
of the International Mining Congress was
consumed by a discussion of the report
of the committee on revision. of the Fed
eral mining laws. The report favors the
abolition of all laws of apex and extra
lateral rights; favors Federal surveys of
all locations before. surveys can be made
valid; urges an official record of locations
In the Surveyor-General's Office as well
a* In the County. Recorder's Office; en
larges locations to forty acres and gives
rights to all minerals within the boundary
lines extended vertically." .■".
A minority report was presented by W.
B. Heyburn of Idaho, proxy for G. B.
Dennis of Washington, a member of the
revision committee., Mr, Heyburn favors
the retention of the present mining law,
amended to provide for Government sur
veys at Government expense of the first
location on any ledge; the survey to define
the course of the ledge and establish it by
monuments. All subsequent locations
Bhall conform In end lines to the course
of this survey line, the idea being
to obviate subsequent litigation as to the
apex and course of the vein.
Judge. Heyburn, speaking- in favor of
the minority report, said British Columbia
had adopted the square claim theory, but
it had worked such an injustice to the
poor prospector that the Government was
now seriously considering the question of
abolishing it. Professor W. S. 'Keyes of
California spoke for the majority report.
He said Judge Heyburn was the first per
son he ever met who was satisfied with
the present law. He said his object In
advocating the proposed changes in the
law was to prevent litigation and promote
Justice. Tom Smith of New Mexico made
a stirring speech against the majority re
port, declaring that if adopted It would
destroy the mining industry. H. D. Dun
can of California was the next speaker to
attack the majority report. The discus
sion then went over to to-morrow.
♦
Henry Norman,
Special Commissioner of the
London Chronicle,
Writes About the New America
In Next Sunday's Call.
» ♦ ■
Suicide at Sutter City.
YT'RA riTY, July 7.— J. C. Samuels, a
prominent merchant residing at Sutter
city, seven miles from this place, com
mitted suicide this morning at 9 o'clock
by shooting himself In the forehead. He
had been sick. He leaves a widow and
two daughters.
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dust
by
Dr. Pillsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
RICE WINNERS
AT THE EAST
Lakewood Stakes Run
at Chicago.
CAPTURED BY W. OVERTON
FORMERO, THE CALIFORNIA
COLT, IS THIRD.
Ornamastus Takes the Sensation
Stakes at Latonia and Elusive
Finishes First In a
Handicap.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 7.— Results, at Wash
ington Park to-day— fine; track
fast:
First race, seven and a half furlongs. Punols
won, Muskalonge second, Cash Day third.
Time. 1:34 U. «
Second race, five furlongs. Survivor won,
Stamina second. GaJathea third. Time 1:01%
, Third race, five furloncs, the Lakewood
stakes. $1500 added. sweepstakes, for 2-year
olds, W. Overton won. Hardy Pardee second,
Formero third. Time 1:00%. • '
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenths miles.
Boanerges won The Human second, Timemaker
third. Time, I:SSH. '  _
Fifth race, one and one-sixteenth miles. Top
mast won. Charlie Christie s+?ond, Al Fresco
third. Time. ■ 1:47^4.
CINCINNATI, July 7.— Track lightning
fast at Latonia. Results:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling,
Bromo won. Annie M second, l»nny D third.
Time, 1:21%.
Second race, five furlongs. Peter Sterling won.
1.. l'lllot Jr. Becond, The Bondman third. Time,
I:U3V
Third race, handicap, mile and seventy yards.
Elusive won. Three Bars second. Azucena
third. Time. 1:42%. ,#, # „
Fourth race. Sensation stakes, value $1.90, six
furlongs, Onamastus won, Rockland second.
Bill Anthony third. Time, 1:15%. *•
Fifth race, one mile. selling, Imp. Eddie
Burke won, Kitty B second, George Kraft
third. Time. 1:40^.
Sixth race, Blx and a half furlongs, selling,
Turtle I>ove won, Valesco second, Everest
third. Time. 1:20%.
ST. LOUIo. July 7.— Track heavy. Re
sults:
Flr=t rare, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Mystery won. Jim Henry second. Joe O'Sot
third. Time. 1:49.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing— Fingal won, Imp. Kinjr Gold second. Or
gan Pilot third. Time. 1:244-
Third race, seven furlongs, selling— Myrtam
G won. Imperious second, Lord Neville third.
Time, 1:32 V
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth
—David won, Forbush second, Madeline third.
Time. 1:51%.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Genua won,
Our Nettle second, Foxey third. Time, 1:05^4.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Deerfoot won, Preclta second, Lady of the
WVst third. Time. L4B.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Results at Brigh
ton Beach:
First race, mile and a furlong, selling—
I*. rig Acre won, Ella Daly second. Squire
Abingdon third. Time. I:S6V»-
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Hile« won,
General Martgary second, Tendresse third.
Time. 1 :<•':>•*.
Third race, one mile — Sir Qawaln won, Swift
mas second, Glorlan third. Time. 1:41H-
Fourth race, six furlongs— Lambert won. Van
Antwerp second, Lady Mitchell third. Time,
1:15.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Marblehead won.
Dr. Parker second. Subject third. Time. I:ls'*.
S.vth race, one mile— Aihamas won, Dolan
do second. Burlesque third. Time. 1:41%.
BUFFALO, July 7.— Weather clear,
track fast at Fort Erie.
First race, six furlongs — Furzen won. Col
lateral second, Ttllle W third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, five furlongs— Tyrba won. By
George second, Annowan third. Time, 1:03.
Third race, seven furlongs— Alice Farley won.
Lanky Bob second. Sue Kitty third. Time,
1:27%.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs — King
Carnival won, Vox second. Lien Vlnttng third.
Time. :55V
Fifth race, mile— Judge Qulgley won. Mover
second. Little Ocean third. Time, 1:42.
Sixth race, mile — Protus won. Tenpins sec
ond. Onalaska third. Time, I:4IH
BUTTE, July 7.— ln the slx-furlongs
Lucky Star broke the Montana record,
making it in 1:13^. He is a California
horse. Track fast, results:
First race, five furlongs— Master Mariner
won, Punter second, Trappean third. Time.
I :O2Vi.
Second race, four furlongs— Ash I«eaf won.
Beautiful Girl second, Gualala third. Time. :49.
Third race, six furlongs* -Lucky Star won,
Valencienne second, John Havlin third. -Time,
1:134.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Grand Sa
chem won, Los Prietos second. Duke of York
II third. Time. 1:28 V
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Scottish Chlef
taln won. Ostler Joe second. Imp. Bitter Root
third. Time. lißft.
Sixth race, one mile— All Smoke won. Imp.
Devil's Dream second, Lady Hurst third. Time,
1:42 V
-_
THE REDS CONTINUE
TO SOAR SKYWARD
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L.. Pet.
Cincinnati ..47 23 .671 New Y0rk... 32 34 .483
Boßton 42 26 .61X Philadelphia 28 36 .438
Baltimore ...40 26 .606 Washington .28 39 .41*
Cleveland ...40 27 .597 1 Brooklyn ....27 38 .415
Chicago 40 30 .fi7l|St. Loula 23 49 .319
J'itt^fjurg ...37 31 .544 1 Louisville ...22 47 .31S
CHICAGO, July 7.— Costly errors by the
Orphans and Inability to bunch hits off
Dwyer pushed the Reds a little further
ahead to-day. Attendance 2900. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago & 10 E
Cincinnati 7 10 3
Batteries— Griffith, Donohue and Chance;
Dwyer and Vaughn. Vmplres— Swartwood and
Wood.
PHILADELPHIA, July 7.— Philadelphia
defeated Boston to-day through the
wretched work of the visitors In the first
two innings. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— U. H. E.
Boston 5 8 5
rt:il;i«lrtphla 6 6 1
Batteries— Nichols and Teaser; Orth and Me-
Farland. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— Three succes
sive singles In the tenth won the game
for Washington. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. It E.
WanhinKton 2 9 ft
Baltimore 17 3
Battnrles — Weyhlng and McGulre: Mr-James
and Robinson. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
CLEVELAND. July 7.— To-day's game
was characterized by slow work by the
home team. Both teams batted well and
the visitors came near pulling out a vic
tory. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 13 3
St. Louis 5 11 4
Batteries— Jones and Crlßer; Taylor and Sug
den. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
NEW YORK, July 7.— One Inning was
sufficient for Dunn, and McKenna, a
"find" from the Brockton Club of the
New England League, was given a trial.
He was very wild, but made a creditable
showing. Meekin was In fine form. At
tendance 1000. Score:
Cluhs— r. h. E.
New York io 13 o
Brooklyn 14 3
Batteries— Meekin and Warner; Dunn. Mo-
Kfnna and Ryan. Umpires— Emnlle and Hunt.
PITTSBI'RG. July 7.-Magee was a
puzzle until the seventh inning, when
Pittsburg found him, and with six hits
scored six runs. Tom McCreery made his
debut In a Pittsburg uniform. ' Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
PittHburjc , 6 9 2
Louisville 3 9 3
Batteries— Tannehlll and Bowerman; Magee
and Kittrldge. I'mplrts— Snyder and Con
nelly.
F-EATIUL, July 7.— Score:
Clubß— R. H. E.
Seattle 3 9 8
Spokane 9 8 3
I OUT LAND, July 7.— Score:
flubs— R. H. E.
Portland 16 12 3
Tacoma 6 9 9
Poolrooms Lose Heavily.
SAUSALITO, July 7.— Broyer, Glynn &
Humphrey, the bookmakers, are said to
have been operating at a heavy loss dur
ing the last few days. The amount Is
given at $3000 or more.
Counterfeiter Arraigned.
SANTA CRI.'Z, July 7. — A Deputy
Vnlted States Marshal arrived from San
Francisco to-day and left with Alexander
Cummlngs, who was arrested for at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
tempting to pass counterfeit coin, and
who had $65 in gold counterfeit money in
his possession. Cummings was brought
before Justice Gardner and bail fixed at
$3000.
STEAMSHIP IOWA LOST
ON THEJJPPER YUKON
Five Thousand Boats and Scows Have
Already Passed White Horse
Rapids.
SEATTLE, July 7.-On the steamship
Farallon, which reached port to-day,
were three men direct from White Horse
Rapids. They are W. C. Myers, R. A.
Jones and George Langdon. They left
the rapids on June 27, coming up to Lake
Bennett on the steamship F. H. Kilborne.
They report the wreck of the big upper
river steamer lowa and the loss of outfits
belonging to thirty-eight lowans. No one
had come up the river from Dawson dur
ing the past month and the three small
steamers that got through the rapids had
not yet returned. Up to the time they
left 5000 boats and scows, each with an
average of four passengers, passed
through the rapids.
Mr. Langdon says that but four men
have been known to perish in the rapids
this year. Three lost their lives on June
6. two of whom were from San Francisco.
One was named Matheson. Langdon does
not credit the story that fourteen of the
Cavanaugh party were drowned in Windy
Arm.
Tulare County Assessments.
VISALIA, July 7.— County Assessor Gib
son has turned^over the assessment rolls
to the Supervisors. The total valuation
of property In Tulare County for 1898 is
placed at J13.331.006. Of this the real es
tate Is valued ta $9,247,513. The total val
natlon this year Is $279,613 less than last
year.
Death of Mrs. Cartwright.
HONOLULU, June 29.-Honolulu so
ciety mourns the loss of a bright young
life in the death of Marie Louise Cart
wr ght. the beloved wife of Bruce Cart
wright and daughter of Norfolk Wells
one of the earliest pioneers of Stanislaus
County, Cal.
f /ft) Our Values Speak Louder Than
Shot and Shell!
>| ll . IL^Jr\\ | Prosperity Is With Us !
I ■ Fitfrifii^R&P^^ The goodly amount
J^^v^— JL^^ % VvC Are J j^Sr bUTh&^tJ^ merit is spending, has
♦ Booming This Sale * .£» j££F spent and win spend
we have backed up ♦ AlOQg the Line! fW' MM ' T"* is commencing to be
. «> JtD J m hl ™ felt,
our argument telling "
of bargains by giving wBF A PP ° rti ° n ° f
the bargains them- ißf the mone y circulated
selves,and have pulled * . is coming to us.
down the prices on /f^NV // c have won a decided victory by
several hundred dif- \~^7/ using the proper ammunition — loading
ferent lines of Single /SS^/Q I^-^. " our weapons with a substance stronger
and Double Breasted /^^W^^^^-^^ J^ than d y namite ' called Low PRICES.
Sack Suits— each and (M^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Every bargain fired by our bargain
every garment cut l{^^^^^SfS^^^^ gunners strikes a bargain-seeker every
stylish effect and fin- Ligyjl /^-^L___— <^/ • .^\^S- li Until the past week everything eon-
ish which gives it the spired to make everybody gloomy,
made -to - order ap- J^^^^f^^^SffZ^^^^^ "WAR! BAD CROPS ! BAD WEATH-
pearance. The proper Jffj^^^^/^^^P^^^^^^^vj^^w^l ER! And what not? Now everything
weight, proper style w^^^Wf -^^^^^^^mLwS^S^L \\ 1 is cheerful— outside as well as inside. -
and correct fit. Earlier l^Wjml^i 1 <// /fT^t^^^ff^^^^^^^W The inside of our store was a fort in a
in the season some of |p\/s|illS Js* r JjffS^MAkmmXar^\^ state of true action, garrisoned by the
them sold as high as fMj^^pJ^^^^^jSm Mmw^fsl I J^ greatest part of Frisco's buying public.
$16. During this sale !sffl^^*lims^ Emim. T^^^A The outside fortifications were strewn
they are yours for W ; j^^^^^K^^^^S^^^^^r^^ with patriots wearing one of our
.^^^^^'^^■^^^^^^^^^^♦♦♦^^^^^."' . '■■. . ■■■•■'■■' ■■ • ■ ■■ • '.■. ■ ■ ■•'.■ * ■'.'' '• ■ ' ♦♦ ♦ ♦ qssqqqs®&&&q>q&& $^^
♦—, . ! _ v tf> . I •••-' Each and every garment is a ;TU: c' 4 j 1
I The Richest, Rarest I . % . v v; w - I TJje fiQest dresser :
♦ , -. V^ . . -J gem of its kind. ; The most hyper- .'■.•♦ : mr\r\^ /d ri - ttr^*. ♦
♦ and Most Artistic- t • •J . . cannot wear riner .-.♦■
«-, ' •  -♦ . critical can ,be suited with the • than t-he picl^ of «
t ally Tailored Gar- : greatest ease Brilliant colors I these $7.65 All- J
: meots i 0i 0 the Land. I and lively mixtures . J Wool Suits. :
•$► <$> <8> <S> 4> <^ ♦♦♦'♦♦!♦ ♦ <S> ♦ <B> ■'♦ ♦4>♦ <^ <§> <^ ♦ ' ; '' • i . " , ; • ' ' ♦ <$'3> <§> <£'^ <J> <$><$><$► <8> <^ <J><^ V-^V -^ <^ V<^ ♦<$ &s'&'"■;..
S. N. WOOD 8c CO.,
718 Market Street,
TRIUMPH OF
AN AMERICAN
Finals of the Henley
Regatta.
FORMER RECORD LOWERED
DIAMOND CHALLENGE SCULLS
WON BY HOWELL.
Leander Eight Beats Trinity Hall,
Cambridge, and Kingston. Row
ing Club Takes the
Wyfold Cup.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 7.— Although lacking
its usual international character, the
Henley Royal regatta, which began on
Tuesday, has been successful as a so
cietj function. The weather has been
perfect. An interesting fact in connec
tion with the regatta is that B. H.
Howell, the American oarsman of Trin
ity Hall, Cambridge, created a new re
cord for the Henley course, winning
the first heat for the Diamond Chal
lenge sculls from A. F. G. Everitt of
the London Rowing Club in 8 minutes
and 32 seconds. The results of thr;
finals to-day are as follows:
Grand Challenge cup for eights: Lean
der beat First Trinity. Cambridge, by
three-quarters of a length. Time, 7 min
utes 13 seconds.
Wyfold Challenge cup for four: The
Kingston Rowing Club, holders of the
cup, paddled home alone, beating the
crew of Caius College, Cambridge, who
ran into the piles and disabled their boat.
Diamond Challenge sculls: B. H. How
ell, the American oarsman of Trinity
Hall, Cambridge, beat H. T. Blackstaff
of the Vester Rowing Club. Howell won
by three and a half lengths and created
a new record, his time being 8 minutes 29
seconds.
Nickalls challenge cup and silver gob
lets, for pair oars— The Thames Rowing
Club beat the crew of Jesus College, Cam
bridge by eight lengths. Time R:44.
Stewards Challenge cup for fours — The
crew of the Leander Club (holders of the
cup) beat the crew of New College, Ox
ford, by IVi lengths. Time 7:42.
Ladies Challenge plate, for colleges arid
school eights— Eton College (holders of
the trophy) beat First Trinity, Cam
bridge, by three-quarters of a length.
Time, 7 minutes, 3 seconds.
Thames Challenge Cup for eights—Trin
ity College, Oxford, beat the Coopers Hill
Boat Club crew by 2^i lengths. Time 7
minutes. 19 seconds.
Visitors Challenge cup for college and
school fours— New College, beat Univer
sity College, Oxford, by 2?i lengths. Time
7:37.
Sonoma County Values.
SANTA ROSA. July 7.— County Assessor
"Van Derhoof has completed the recapitu
lation sheet of the assessment of Sonoma
County for the year IS9S-99. The total
value of all property is $23 .549, 425. This
is a reduction over the assessment of last
year of over $2,500,000.
Violate the New Revenue Laws.
TOPEKA. July 7.— United States Dis
trict Attorney Lambert holds that express
companies 1 , In charging customers the war
tax of 1 cent on each package, violate the
ii'>w revenue law. and he will test the
matter in the Federal courts.
Death of Parker Pillsbury.
CONCORD. N. H., July 7.— Parker Pills
bury, the asociate of William Lloyd Gar
rison, Wendell Phillips and others of the
great anti-slavery movement, died at
his home here to-day. He was 89 years
of age.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIRE RAGES
IN CORNING
Business Part of the
Town Burned.
WAS WITHOUT PROTECTION
CONFLAGRATION CHARGED TO
INCENDIARISM.
Loss Placed at One Hundred and
Fifty Thousand Dolars, With
Comparatively Little
Insurance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORNING, July 7.— The entire busi
ness portion of Corning was destroyed
by a conflagration that started at 2
o'clock this morning. Not a store, hotel
or other place of business, save a paint
shop, the office of the Maywood Colony
Association and the office of the Corn
ing Observer, remain. What was once
the prosperous business center for miles
of grain country is now but smoking
debris.
The fire Is believed to have started In
Aitken's barn, near the Liersch House.
It spread to the Liersch House and
Blatchley's drug store. William Schnit
zer, who was sleeping outside and near
the barn, was the first to see the flames
and gave the alarm. In a few minutes
the streets were filled with people, but
they were powerless, as the town has
no fire system, and the conflagration
already had gained too much headway
for them to be able' to save anything
from the burning buildings.
A strong wind was blowing. The fire
spread to the Liersch House and Beck
er's boot and shoe store and to the
Western Hotel, then across the street
north to Hart's livery stable and Mrs.
J. S. Aitken's confectionery store.
Again on the south side it caught Wil
liam Liersch's blacksmith shop and the
Corning cash store. After burning the
residence of Mrs. Aitken the flames took
a westerly course, burning Clement's
building, Kaufman Bros.' furniture
store, the postoffice, Donnovan's meat
market, Finck's barber shop and news
stand, Kaufman's general merchan
dise store and Cannon's blacksmith
shop. These buildings, together with
a dozen or more barns and outhouses,
constitute the burned structures. Most
of the buildings were of brick and were
completely ruined. The loss will total
$l"i 0,000. There is little insurance.
No one knows how the blaze origin
ated, but it is the general opinion that
it was incendiary. About a week ago
a little daughter of Mrs. Aitken went
into the barn and discovered a small
blaze, which she put out with a bucket
of water. No one of the family had
been near the barn previously.
Fire Probably of Incendiary Origin.
BAKERSFIEI/D. July 7.— The belief Is
now general that the Kern City fire was
of incendiary origin, and arrests are ex
pected. Durfng tho fire buildings to the
windward were ignited, though fences and
outbuildings intervening were not burned.
The charred remains of Joseph Gallaud
were found in the ashes of the Verdler
livery stable to-day. Gallaud worked for
Verdier. and slept in the barn. He evi
dently had awanened and left his bed,
but could not find his way out in the
smoke and heat.
56
FRIDAY JULY 8, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL... year, by mall. SJ.SO
OAKLAND OFFICE 1... 908 Broadway j
r^EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts Hona*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulletin*
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
tRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- >06 Eleventh
street, open untl. 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,-
/-.MUbtIUtNTi
Columbia— "Fort Frayne " >
California— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Alcazar— -Frederick the Great
Morosco's— "Held by the Enemy-
ITlvoll— "The Mikado."
Orpheum Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zuo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
French Celebration— At the Chutes. Thursday, July 14.
Olympia— Corner Mason and' Eddy streets, Specialties.
Butro'a Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, danclngr.boatlnp, fishing', every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
I aseball— Sixteerth and Folsom streets Sunday afternoon.
AUCTION S A LiCS.
T P. .1. Barth— This day, July 8, Furniture, at 414 Me-
Allister street, at 11 o'clock.
NO HALF-HEATED SOLDIERS ARE
WANTED.
CALIFORNIA'S National Guardsmen have
made a record of which the State is proud.
When the first call came they enlisted without
hesitation or demur, enlisted gladly and eagerly, and
the oniy disappointment was that the Government
did not need the services of so many as offered them
selves. It is a pity, and to the culpable guardsman
will be a lasting reproach, that the splendid record has
been marred by the color of insubordination.
The Woodland company has been ordered home in
disgrace. It has only itself to blame. The Governor
had named the officers to command in the Eighth
Regiment. He had used his best judgment and had
found necessity for making but few changes of the
militia organizations. As captains he substituted
Lyon for Smith of the Redding company, and Bald
win for Ward of the Woodland company. In both
instances there was a protest, and in the case of
Woodland a threat that the men would have the dis
placed officers put back in the lead or would refuse
to take the oath of allegiance to the United States.
Such could not be the attitude of good soldiers. It
bespoke a mistaken zeal which was not love of coun
try, nor devotion to the flag. It stamped the men as
unfit to serve in an army where obedience is the first
law. If the company contained no better stuff than
the threat indicated.it is well that something happened
to show its true character before it had been sent to
the front. Far better that it should have been dis
banded.
The deposed captain urged the men to stand by
him. The citizens of Woodland took up his cause.
There was no compromise on the part of the Gov
ernor, and there should have been none. Far dif
ferent from the action of Ward was that of Smith,
who had been succeeded by Baldwin. He asked the
men to abide by the decision of their commander, to
be guided by the same patriotism which had led them
to enlist, and stated that he was willing to serve his
country in any capacity. The result was that the
Redding men were mustered in, and the Woodland
boys are to be soldiers neither of the country nor the
State. Their arms and accouterments will be taken
from them and their names expunged from the rolls
of the National Guard.
Happily there are other companies chafing because
there had been no demand for the services they are
ready to give the country. One of these can be
so quickly brought to the ground that in the forma
tion of the regiment there will be no appreciable
delay.
Woodland will have regrets, but too late. Its rep
resentatives chose to desert the standard. The con
sequences rest upon them.
THE PRESIDENT'S PROCLAMATION.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S proclamation call
ing upon the people when they next assemble
at their places of worship to give thanks to God
for the marvelous success of our arms at sea will be
well received and cordially acted upon. While our
people are divided into a thousand different sects, on
minor matters of church government and ritual, there
are little or no differences among them on the essen
tial principle of a belief in God and his overruling
providence. The destruction of two great Spanish
ileets without the loss of a single ship on our side,
and with the sacrifice of but a single life in the accom
plishment of two victories, has inclined the devout
to gratitude to the Almighty who holdeth nations in
the hollow of his hand, and the proclamation &f the
President comes, therefore, more as a response to a
deep feeling among the people than as an appeal to
awaken such gratitude.
Our success as a nation, not only in this war, but at
all times, has been due to our obedience as a people
to those laws which underlie and overrule all human
events. We have not been cruel, nor tyrannous, nor
wasteful, nor false to the nobler instincts of humanity.
We have grown strong because in the main we have
lived in accordance with divine law. Our victories at
Manila and at Santiago have not bee^special provi
dences vouchsafed arbitrarily at the hour of battle,
but providences growing out of virtues practiced in
the past which have made us strong and brave and
united to face the dangers of war.
In a certain sense, therefore, the thanksgiving to
which the President has summoned the nation will be
a new dedication of the people to those principles of
virtue and liberty which have secured us in the past,
and which alone can^preserve us in the vicissitudes of
the struggles through which we shall have to make
our way in the fulfillment of the destiny that lies be
fore us. The occasion will be a solemn, patriotic ob
servance, and by the great mass of the people will be
kept in the spirit of the President's words: "Let us
pray with earnest fervor that He, dispenser of all
pood, may speedily remove from us the untold af
flictions of warandbrinpto our dear landthe blessings
of restored peace and to all the domain now ravaged
by cruel strife the priceless boon of security and tran
quillity."
HEARST fIS A TRAITOR,
THAT W. R. Hearst deserves to be placed in
irons and sent under armed escort to the nearest
prison is a plain matter of fact. Unless he can
establish the plea of insanity he merits the reward of
the traitor. If he is a lunatic, there are asylums.
General Shafter has reported the statement of Hearst
that the army was party to barbaric slaughter and
rapine wholly unfounded. The report was an official
formality. The flagrant lie told by Hearst carried its
own condemnation and branded the author as a trea
sonable exile from the country of his citizenship.
Ordinarily the Hearst lie is inspired by personal
malice or a wanton desire to create a sensation. It
is only since the man, losing faith in the inveracity
of his subordinates, has entered the field as a cor
respondent that his hideous and abnormal character
has been displayed in all its degradation. In his craze
for notoriety, his passion to be seen, he cares nothing
that his posture is indecent, his presence a blight, or
that his reputation assails the nostrils. Once he
merely sanctioned and encouraged lies; now he writes
them, shamelessly signing to them a name which has
become the synonym for all that is low and foul — his
own.
Disporting a bogus loyalty, he has proclaimed a
patriotism which never existed within him. Prating
of love of country, he has abused its leaders, misled
its military men by false information, and now he has
made a deliberate attempt to drag its name in the
dust, to place a stain upon its repute, to have it appear
to the world as accessory to assassination, to the
looting of the dead who fell in honorable battle. He
has exulted with the vultures, and spread before his
readers a feast of carrion. Official indignation has
been aroused. For this latest crime, the climax of a
series, he must answer. Charity suggests that the
creature is daft; justice that a madman be restrained,
or a traitor punished.
When Hearst wrote that a Cuban soldier, one
Lame, had inveigled forty Spanish troopers into sur
j render, that these had by the Americans been turned
I over to Lame and other insurgents and by them be
j headed, he wrote as silly a fiction as ever in the his
| tory of yellow journalism found its way to print. Yet
| he wrote it as a matter of fact, intended to be believed.
| He told how magnificent Lame was, how his hand
j some face "glowed with enthusiasm" as he related
! deeds of horror in which he had participated, treach
ery, murder and robbery of corpses on the field. If
. Hearst recognized this idle boasting as a stupid ut
terance of a lying braggart he had no business to send
| it. Accepting it as true, had he not been a pervert,
j he would have been stirred to his depths with an in
dignation which language even better than he com
mands could ill express. He would have exposed the
I diabolical acts as something to be swiftly and ter
ribly punished. But he gloried in them, lauded the
monstrous criminal who claimed to be guilty of them,
and with a spirit so flagrantly insulting that it could
only dwell within a mind beyond the thrill of noble
thought or patriotic impulse, ascribed a part of the
' nameless villainy to the army of the United States.
If our soldiers braving death on the torrid heights
about Santiago are to be thus held up to the scorn
and loathing of civilization, what may alien races,
some of them not inclined to be fair nor friendly, be
expected to think?
If there is no specific provision by which this form
of treason may be stifled, at least Correspondent
Hearst and his staff of malign liars can be driven
from the field of activity where they constitute a
menace to our arms. Our soldiers are not bent on
massacre. To say they are is a wicked slander. None
but a Hearst would have uttered it.
As to the bloody-handed hero at whose feet Hearst
bows in worship, he is a horse doctor, perhaps an
authority on spavin, possibly well versed in colics, but
not calculated to grace a pedestal in the midst of an
admiring throng. Happily the supply of Hearsts is too
small to make a throng.
For this crowning lie Hearst ought to be scourged
from the haunts of men, as he has been from the
State of his birth. He has been a nuisance, annoying
and noxious; he has become a peril. Already his
sway over the two papers which serve as mediums
for his venom or his nonsense has been weakened.
It is the duty of the powers now controlling them to
protect the public against the ravings of Hearst, as
they protect themselves against other forms of his
eccentricity.
In all the land there is not another so despised and
yet so potent for mischief. Until the day when
within a padded cell he shall scribble phantom mes
sages to the papers he once owned, he needs a lodge
in some vast wilderness remote from the telegraph.
There let him gibber to moon or speak words of
affection to his h6rse doctor, but the world craves
rest.
ANOTHER DEMOCRATIC PLAN.
WHILE the Democrats of California are appar
ently indifferent to the future of the national
organization of their party, and are content to
trot along with the old Bryan banners of the cam
paign of 1896, their brothers in the East are earnestly
discussing ways and means and devising plans and
policies for the future. The plans proposed are al
most as numerous as the leaders of the party. Every
man who aspires to be a Moses for Democracy must
have a scheme for getting out of the wilderness, and
each one seems determined to have his own. Con
fused as they are, however, they are interesting, for
it is certain that out of some of them a good deal of
practical politics is going to come during the fall
elections.
We have recently directed attention to some of
these plans. We have quoted from the Richmond
Times a proposition that Democracy get rid of Bryan
ism by dropping free silver and setting up a platform
of anti-imperialism; from the Louisville Post that
Bryan be set aside with his Chicago platform
and the party declare for the annexation of all the
captured colonies of Spain; from the New York
World that the whole programme of 1896 be elim
inated from the future, and that this fall the elections
be contested on State issues alone.
These plans dealt only with questions of platform.
Now comes a suggestion from Georgia that proposes
for the party both a platform and a leader. The
author is Congressman Livingston, who wishes to
have something definite to say to his constituents
when he asks for re-election. The Georgian proposes
a campaign this fall against annexation, colonization
and all other forms of imperialism, and to make the
platform solid he urges that the State conventions in
dorse as their candidate for the Presidency in 1900 no
less a person than Grover Cleveland.
The New Orleans Picayune considers the Georgia
proposition with a longing mind, but a doubtful
heart. It declares Mr. Livingston is right in holding
that the coming contest between the parties will be
over the question of colonies, and that Mr. Cleveland
would be the ideal candidate for the anti-imperial
party, but has little hope that he will get the nomi
nation.
In a sentence that sounds like a sigh of longing and
a groan of hopelessness it says: "It would be a sort
of providential salvation to the republic if in the im
portant emergencies that are going to grow out of
the present war Grover Cleveland should become the
THE SAX FRASTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
next President, but nothing is more improbable un
der the conditions that are to be met."
Whether Mr. Livingston will be able to rouse the
drooping spirit of the Picayune sufficiently to induce
it to make a fight for his programme, which it so evi
dently approves, remains to be seen. At any rate
the new plan for escaping the wilderness has been put
forward. Mr. Cleveland once more has friends who
will nominate him if he will put himself in their
hands.
DIRECTOR BURNS' RETORT.
AT the meeting of the Board or Education on
Tuesday evening Director Burns made no re
sponse to the charge that he had expended
over $100,000 of the school fund without the sanction
of the board and without consulting his colleagues
of the building committee. Like a lamb in the hands
of the shearers, he was dumb. On Wednesday he
was a little more loquacious and made an explanation
not only of his dealings with the school money, but
of his silence at the board meeting.
His explanation was interesting. He is quoted as
having said: "This whole matter is of no particular
moment to me except that it is very disagreeable to
have your supposed friends fly in your face and try
and cover you with mud. It is only a piece of spite
work, and some day the inside of this business may
be made public. No, I will not say what the attack
is due to, and these gentlemen may go on and make
this statement or that, I don't care what."
There is no reason for doubting that Burns was
sincere in his statement that the matter is of no inter
est to him beyond the annoyance caused by an attack
coming from one whom he supposed was standing in
with him. He has witnessed many such storms as
this and he has seen them blow over. He has been
in many an explosion and he has not been hurt. It
is annoying to have one's manipulations of public
money exposed by a supposed friend, but otherwise
there is nothing in such an exposure to be of any par
ticular interest to the fellow exposed. That has been
the record of such exposures in San Francisco. They
have been so common and so futile that it is difficult
for anybody to be interested in them.
There is but one way to make this affair interesting
to Burns and to the people, and that is by indictment
I and prosecution. If the members of the board who
are now denouncing Burns stop at this point and take
no legal steps to bring him to justice and to punish
ment the public, while accepting as true the charges,
since they have been supported by evidence, will con
! elude that Burns is right in declaring them to be
merely spurts of mud-flinging — the emanation of
personal spite.
It is a sad commentary on the administration of our
municipal affairs and the enforcement of our law that
charges of offenses so serious as those Burns is ac
cused of committing should be dismissed by the ac
cused party as matters of no interest, assertions not
worth while to answer. Boss Tweed in the days of
the power of his corruption in New York dismissed
allegations of wrongdoing with the contemptuous
question, "What are you going to do about it?"
Burns is more contemptuous still. He does not
trouble himself to ask what we are going to do about'
it. He does not care what is done. He dismisses the
whole matter with indifference — "It Is of no interest
to me."
AGUINALDO'S ESTIMATE OF OGUI
NALDO.
THE $25,000 head of Insurgent Aguinaldo seems
to have been turned. He too freely projects
himself into the situation. He needs to be sub
dued and eliminated. The terms on which he proposes
to allow the destiny of the Philippines to be molded
have been made public. Some of these are good,
many of them bad, none of any consequence.
The future of the Philippines is still a problem. It
will be solved by the Government of the United
States. If Aguinaldo or any other insurgent who
has been alike a traitor to his country and his per
sonal 1 followers be permitted to have a voice in af
fairs there would be no solution, but the perpetuation
of turmoil, violence and bloodshed.
Aguinaldo's terms are set forth in fourteen articles.
Of these only a few are of interest, and they only be
cause they show the fatuous notion of the man that
he is to have the benefit secured by American, vic
tory. America has not been fighting for him. In
deed, America would read with equanimity that the
$25,000 head had exchanged ownership. America, to
be frank, does not care a rap about Aguinaldo, and
only asks that he attend to his business, which is not
ours.
The articles are defective in that they declare this
insurgent President, that they sanction "temporary
intervention of American and European Commis
sioners," that they propose an American protectorate
on the "conditions identical with those arranged for
Cuba," and intrust the administration of justice to a
European official. Herein has Aguinaldo writ his
farewell to matters of state. He will be ousted from
all authority. He has not caught the spirit of the
occasion. He cumbers the land.
General Merritt is on his way to Manila with an
idea that upon arrival he is to take charge of affairs
there. He will in all probability do so. The islands
are extensive, but they do not afford room for both
an American Governor and a native boss. Europe
has nothing to do save keep hands away from a sit
uation which concerns the United States, and every
detail of which will be adjudicated by the United
States without the advice of any monarchy and care
less of the sanction of King, Emperor or Czar.
Aguinaldo makes the mistake of thinking himself im
portant. He is becoming merely obnoxious.
The gentlemen who think they could run the war
better than it 19 being run are getting almost numer
ous enough to organize an army of their own, drive
out the incompetent regulars, the blundering volun
teers, the ignorant and inexperienced generals, and
then lick the Spanish in approved style. Also, they
are making people tired.
Only two Spanish war vessels have been sunk by
American ships since the destruction of Cervera's
fleet. This is" a little slow, but if the enemy will put
some more within range the men of the United States
navy will demonstrate that their intentions are good
and their aim accurate.
Now the Spanish are saying that if Cervera had es
caped they would have considered the proposition of
peace. As it is, pride prevents it. If they had more
brains and less pride they would make better insur
ance risks.
The destruction of Cervera's fleet is said to have
strengthened the determination of Spain to fight to
the bitter end. It has also brought the bitter end con
siderably nearer.
It is to be hoped that the society gentlemen being
appointed as army paymasters will grasp the notion
that soldiers earn their wages and deserve them
promptly.
The prejudice against French products is likely to
extend so as to embrace the style of ocean voyage
offered to the public by the French steamship.
SOLDIERS WHO CONQUER
THE SPANISH VERB.
"Forward! March!"
And away werrt fifty men of the lowa
Regiment up First Avenue, with the
Chaplain in the lead.
They were going to school. They
were going to the Richmond school
house to take their first lessons in
Spanish at the invitation of Miss Fran
ces Hodgkinson and Mr. and Mrs. How
ard.
Miss Hodgkinson is teacher of Latin
at the Lowell High School; Mrs. How
ard is teacher of French and Spanish
at several of the San Francisco schools;
Mr. Howard is oVie of the professors of
the Romance languages in that depart
ment of the University of California,
and these three patriotically disposed
and linguistically cultivated people took
it into their three wise heads that a
little Spanish would be an excellent
thing to add to the equipment of an
American soldier going to Manila,
The idea originated with Miss Hodg
kinson. She found one of the men of
the Colorado Camp patiently digging
Spanish definitions out of a little old
text-book which the years and the lan
guage had left far behind.
"I can lend you a better book than
this," said Miss Hodgkinson.
"Can you?"' said the soldier. "I'd
like it."
He got it the next day. Miss Hodg
kinson spoke to his sergeant about
him.
> "There's plenty more trying to learn
Spanish," said the sergeant, "and it
would be a good thing for them to know
a little of it. A roan might be helped
• "QUE ES ESTO?" MRS. HOWARD TEACHING SPANISH TO IOWA VOLUNTEERS.
out of a bad scrape down there by
knowing a few words of Spanish."
Miss Hodgklnson returned •to town
with her idea in the embryonic state.
If it had been an idea in Latin, so to
speak, it might have developed on the
spot; but Miss Hodgkinson is not a
teacher of the Spanish tongue. She did
not know even the best text-books to
offer the men anxious to learn Spanish
for the good that it might mean to them
at war in Manila. The one she had to lend
was for a two years' course, to be taken
with all the aid of a teacher. She
called Mrs. Howard into consultation.
She told her about the man who was
studying alone and under disadvan
tages in camp, and she told what the
sergeant had said, and she asked Mrs.
Howard's advice about text-books for
distribution in camp — for Miss Hodg
kinson's idea had developed as far as
that.
"They have so little time," she said.
"And the book will have to take the
place of a teacher."
"That sort of book hasn't been writ
ten, has it?" said Mrs. Howard. "I'd
like to talk to Mr. Howard about this."
Miss Hodgkinson waited hopefully
while Mr. Howard was being talked to.
These are the sweet, brief summer days
of teachers' idleness. Miss Hodgkinson
was willing to gi-e the morning hours
A MONUMENT TO DEWEY.
How the Name and Fame of the Hero of
Manila May Be Perpetuated.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: Your editorial remark
concerning the monument to be placed at the junction of Market a*.d Cali
fornia streets was timely and well put.
Some writers are taking up the cudgels in favor of that particular spot
for a monument in honor of Admiral Dewey. There is no place too good
for a monument for that heroic sailor.
The writers take the ground that the business part of the city Is the
best place because Nelson's monument In Dublin Is In the business part
of that city. Many travelers think Edinburgh rather than Dublin is a model
city for art ana beauty. In the former the business part of the city lies
between two very high hills, namely Calton Hill and Castle Hill, on which
stand the monuments of Nelson and Burns and many other celebrities,
and for Dewey I would consider, in San Francisco, Telegraph Hill to be
appropriate; it must be "made a thing of beauty and usefulness; beauty
in peace, grand, graceful and fearful in war. Now it is an unsightly land
scape being quarried into and made more unsightly every day. It has
always been and should be' permitted to continue a protection to the har
bor against our strong sea winds that be \t upon the city and harbor most
of the summer. If the digging and quarrying is, allowed to go on until
it is taken ay.ay altogether vessels In the stream and at the wharves will
certainly (tc say the least) have very uncomfortable if not dangerous
berths. The work of the vandals should be made to cea at once.
On the top of the hin the city owns certain 50-vara lots, in addition to
•which enough private prop~*-ty should be condemned to build a modern
fortification with the necessary and proper approaches. The whole hill should
be properly laid out and terraced; a certain amount, say 600 feet of the water
front and the reclaimed property adjacent thereto, now the property of the
State, and private lands between these lots and the summit, should be con
demned and converted into a botanical garden, reaching to the summit of
the hill, on which should be constructed fortifications of the most modern
and enduring structure known to modern engineering, from which position
a plunging fire can be had to cover all parts of the bay. The property to
be deeded to the United States. The only condition being that its name
Bhall be changed from Telegraph Hill to Fort Dewey or Castle Dewey.
This would be a monument to Dewey that would perpetuate his name and
fame as long as the everlasting hills shall remain and the United States
of America, as a nation, continue to be known and respected by all people.
Yours truly, CHAKLES GOODAL.L.
San Francisco, July 7, 1898.
of her vacation to the service of her
country, t>ut she could not ask this sac
rifice of another.
And it happened she did not have to
ask, as Mr. and Mrs. Howard offered.
Mr. Howard said that he would pre-
I pare a sort of grammatical digest, from
which Mrs. Howard could instruct the
men in classes— supposing, of course, a
sufficient number chose to take up the
work— and in addition to this, advised
the distribution of good primary text
book?, from which the men could study,
read and translate, and in this way it
was decided that a lot of ground could
be got over in a short space of time.
The courtesy of the class was offered
to each regiment through its command
ing officer. Those who declined ex
plained that the schedule of the morn
ing duties left their men no time for
the work. Those who accepted placed
the Spanish lesson on the schedule and
detailed their men to it as to any other
military duty.
Miss Hodgkinson went shopping. She
called on Mr. Sims of the Red Cross
Society, and received as the contribu
tion of that body one hundred Spanish
primers. She called on Cunningham,
Curtiss & Welch and ordered one
hundred blank books charged to her
personal account. When the firm
learned for what purpose the books
were required Miss Hodgkinson
was told that there would be no charge
on them.
The first class of fifty men met on
Monday at eleven o'clock. On Tues
day one hundred pupils presented
themselves. On Wednesday came fifty
more. It was impossible to- handle
them in a body. Mr. Howard cheer
fully arranged to take them in three
separate classes. Non-commissioned
officers were consulted as to the con
venience of the camp and the teachers
accommodated their hours to the mil
itary regulations. The men in com
panies of fifty are marched from camp,
up First Avenue, through the Rich
mond schoolyard and into the class
room and then turned over to their
teachers to answer the roll — which is
taken back to camp by the officer in
charge — and left to return and report
at the conclusion of the lesson as after
any other military detail.
All sorts and conditions of men have
responded to the chance offered by two
generous women and one helpful man —
the university-bred student, with all
his classics behind him to help him on
with the new tongue; the men from the
woods, the farms, the prairie, and the
hills with their big ambition to
learn, strong and unschooled, with
in them; the non-com. in the
importance of his decorated sleßves,
the trim private— in uniform, the
raw recruit without any — and all
patient, anxious, serious, attentive,
studious, grateful. They fill the nar
row forms to overflowing, turn their
men's faces upward like children to
the little teacher over them, huddle two
on a bench with arms about one an
other's shoulders, to share the still
short supply of primers, twist their
English tongues about the foreign syl
lable, pant and perspire and learn
Spanish with all their hearts and souls.
Mrs. Howard is as yet the only
teacher. Miss Hodgkinson is pressed
into service as helper at the forms, but
modestly declines the honors of in
structor in Spanish.
"I can read Spanish and follow a con
versation, but that is all," she said yes
terday morning in the classroom. "I
do not feel that I have the knowledge
to teach the language, or I would be
only too glad to help Mrs. Howard.
She needs help. I wish a few good
teachers would volunteer. It is a great
deal for one to do alone."
The one who is doing it alone, a very
small, energetic, dark-eyed, dark-haired
woman, stood before her big class of
big men with one little hand on her hip
and the other holding a book above her
head.
"Que es esto?" she said, the liquid
syllables dropping like honey from the
comb.
The class stared helplessly.
"Que es esto? This is a question."
They knew it. They had guessed it
from tne interrogative twist at the end
of it. But what help was that? Who
can answer an interrogation point with
out knowing what goes before it?
"What— is— this?" translated the lit
tle teacher, smiling.
Why, of course! How simple! They
had guessed it all along. And the sec
ond time it went beautifully, all in
chorus.
"Que es esto? What is this?"
Mr. Howard's grammatical digest
was finished at infinite expense at fine
writing and careful tabulation in a
large blank book. And from this Mrs.
Howard and Miss Hodgkinson must
copy each lesson of the day on to the
blackboard. And from this each stu
dent of Spanish must copy the same
into his blank book. "All of which takes
a deal of time and labor, and these
facts l^eing made known to the Red
Cross Society, some one in high author
ity has promised to print the little How
ard grammar in due form and sufficient
number.
And with plenty of primers and
plenty of grammars and plenty of
pluck and plenty of patience what more
do the Spanish Students of Camp Mer
ritt need?
Nothing. Nothing at all.
But Mr. Howard and Mrs. Howard
and Miss Frances Hodgkinson need a
little help.
ANSWEES TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TOO INDEFINITE-A. A. R., Oak
land, Cal. The question, "Can you teil
if - — . has enlisted in the" United
Mates army or navy?" is too indefinite
to admit or an answer. The question
should state the name of the individual
age, place of nativity and State or Ter
ritory in which he resided at time of sup
posed enlistment. y
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 *
Court chaplains, when they preach be
fore the German Emperor, must condense,
the sermons so that they can be deHvered
in fifteen minutes. Long sermons h«
says, make him weary.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy fop
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr».
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry
Boft and mild, being entirely free from ths
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
sts. by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery at
S. F.. or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado,
DRINK A STEEPING OP MOKI TEA RP
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.PAUPERS
IN DEADLY
CONFLICT
Horrible Murder at the
Almshouse.
STICK AND KNIFE ARE USED
LOUIS PERRITT THE VICTIM
OF HENRY WILLIAMS.
The Deed Was Premeditated and No
One Was an Eye-Witness
to Its Accomplish
ment.
Two old men, Inmates of the Almshouse,
each over 70 years of age, had a fight
rday morning, and one murdered the
other in cold blood.
The murdered man was Louis Perritt,
\ who entered the Alms
bouse In 1894. All the attaches say that
he was an inoffensive old man. He Bpent
me In attending to a small garden
: in the canyon about half a mile
from the Almshouse, and had a shanty
where he kept his tools.
The murderer is Henry Williams. 73^
. go, who was sent to the Insti
tution six years ago. Unlike Perrltt, he
was always cranky and quarrelsome.
Imagining that there was a conspiracy to
harm him. He worked on a garden patch
• a mile from Perritt's.
Tlif dinner hour at the Almshouse Is 11 !
k. and yesterday, just as Perritt j
had left his work to go to dinner, he met !
on the road WUllamß, who had purposely j
gone there to kill him. Williams carried j
a heavy stick, and struck Perritt on the
head with it. knocking him against the ;
fence at the side of the road. Williams
then jumped on Perritt, and they grap
pled with each other. Perritt was the ;
stronger of the two, and was getting the
r of the struggle on the ground,
when Williams pulled out a tableknlfe, |
which had been specially sharpened for j
n, and drew It aeon Perritt's :
throat. He cut him also at each side of j
rath, inflicting long, deep gashes, ;
and finished by thrusting the knife down
hla throat. The knife was broken with
i).< force of the thrust.
Nothing was known of the affray till
Williams walked into the office of Super- :
and startled him by say-
Ing, "I have beaten the old Frenchman |
down there." indicating the garden patch, j
Julian and three others
■ with a stretcher, and when
1 the garden patch they found
• stretched out against the fence,
wf-ltert-p: in his blond. They carried him
ital at the Almphouse, and Dr.
W. E. Conian did all he could to stop the
rhages, but it was useless, as Per
pired in about twenty minutes. Be- :
fore he expired he told the special officer
that Wiiliams "jumped" him and knocked
him down, and he could easily have killed
him had he not used the knife.
Keddy notified the
Morgue and Captain Gillen of the Seven-,
Ltion, and the captain de- ;
: Policemen E. F. Bode and C. W.
Brown to arrest Williams and take him
City Prison, wnere a charge or
murder was booked against him.
At the prison Williams, who is a little ;
•i with mild blue eyes, talked In a;
way about nurses, laundrymen
Including the old Frenchman,
him with being a spy and us- j
jh means to get rid of him.
I i it In for Perritt because Perritt
atlng poison flowers In his ;
to use upon him. He did not deny;
■ i Perritt's patch to have it out
with him.
"Perritt struck at me first with a stick,"
'and I parried the blow. Then
k him with my stick and knocked
him down. 1 jumped on him and he was
hold on me when I used j
nife. He didn't say anything."
said he was born in Cardiff. ;
WaJ< b, but his parents came to this coun
settled in Hackensack, K. J.,
was 2 years old. He came to;
this ccast in 1552. and trif-d his luck at
Th'-n he bought a ranch
at Gri * it for tif- j
■ untfl ht- was robbed of all pos- !
ns. Since then he had been em- -
• f ■It ning in various placet
until he was sent to *the Almshouse.
!!•■ was never married and has no friends
living. He is a Quaker.
When searched at the prison he had
75 cents in his pockets ami several small
fLges of herbs, which h<? said he used
n doctoring other Inmates. The broken'
knife and stick were booked ns evidence :
against him. They wore both marked
with blood, and the FTick is cracked with j
the force of the blow.
COTTON IS ELECTED
PIONEER PRESIDENT
DESPITE GKTJMBLING THE REG-
ULAR TICKET WINS.
Old Members Averse to the Plan of
Perpetuating Certain Persons in
Office.
An air of activity hovered about the
rooms of the Society of California Pto
jresterday, it being the annual elec
tion of officers who will govern the fa
mous organization for another year. The
regular ticket selected by the nominating
committee elected by the members of the
• y of June 6. passed without opposi
tion.
The total number of votes cast between
the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. amounted
Of this number Judge Aylett R.
t<-d president with a vote
of lffl., and the following were elected vice
ntfl by the following vote:
Niles Bearls ISS, E. W. M< Kinstry 185;
Charles N. Felton, San Mateo, 184; Wal
ter Van i/yke. Los Angeles, IRS; George
r, Colusa, US; treasurer, F. W. Tal
lant. 2S.V. marshal, John E. Pinkham, 183;
directors— J. H. Jewett 179, H. N. Tilden
184, H. B. Russ 17S, James Palache IS3.
K. T. Kruse 169. Leon Sloss 178, William
Z. Tiffany 179. Allen Knight 179.
i". <;. Bornemann acted as inspector and
W. B. "Lat..am and R. Vandercook as
Judges.
A banquet was held in the evening,
which was participated in by over 200
members. The newly elected officers were
Introduced and fittingly responded.
it would seem that the work of the
nominating committee did not meet with
the approval of Home of the older mem
bers of th<- society, many of whom did
not 'vote. Tin last line in the following
raph, taken from the communica
te h member by the committee,
has caused the rub. It reads:
Wo respectfully state that it has been our
especial care. Irrespective of personal prefer
ences, to bring forward such candidates as we
reel have the best Interests of the society at
nenrt; and In view of the harmonious and sat
isfactory management of the society's affairs
for the past year, we have deemed It wise to
renonilnate a par! of the present board, feel
in« that this will meet with the general ai»
provai of our members.
In a communication to a friend Dr.
Washington Ayer sets forth his ideas,
which seem to have been acquiesced in
by some of his fellow-members. It is as
follows:
To-day v.a.a their annual election of officers
of the Society of California Pioneers for the
ensuing yr-ar. Bo far as outward appearances
indlcHN M but fyie sentiment, as there
wan but one ticket. Bat among the true pio
neers—the old argonautH, there was a strong
feeling of dissatisfaction expressed against the
hereditary plan of getting up the ticket so as
to perpetuate certain parties In office and ig
noring the capacity ami right of the pioneers
to control their own affairs. They believe the
y~ - (n.arests. Integrity and dignity would be
SCENE OF THE STRANGE MURDER NEAR THE ALMSHOUSE
secured to the society by having all the offices
held by the old pioneers so long as they are ca
pable of performing the duties required, and
ft is a matter of surprise that the Junior mem
bers should have any voice in naming a ticket
and deciding questions pertaining to the gov
ernment of the society.
Many of tlie senior members feel they ar»
placed at the tail end of the kite which they
helped to make.
They very correctly say their organization
Is a part of the history of the State of Cali
fornia and ask what have the junior pioneers
done to make this history, except to be born
here twenty years after the State was admitted
to the Union. Their birth only added numerical
strength to the population. It was only by the
evolution of circumstances that they became
members of the Society of Pioneers, and not
by the force of physical energy, which chisel
ed from the granite, pounded from the Quartz
or gathered from the auriferous hills and
gulches the wealth which gave grandeur, en
terprise and commercial Importance to the
State, and it seems very strange to those who
have no sons that they should be placed with
the "back numbers."
NARROW ESCAPE FROM DEATH.
Surveyor General Gleaves Hurled
Down a Mountain Side.
Surveyor General Gleaves had an ex
perience a few days ago that he will not
forget for many a day. At least not
until a fractured rib has had time to"
mend and become whole again. Last
week Mr. Gleaves had occasion to make
an extended trip through Nevada and
the mountainous part of this State ly
ing in Mono and several of the other high
Sierra counties. While on his way home
he was obliged to stage it from Bridge
port to Sonora and Jamestown, Tuolumne
County. The descent from the summit
in places is very sharp and the steepness
of the grades is calculated to make any
but the old stagers very nervous.
At one of the steepest places the driver
set his horses imo a run and down the
grade the team flew as though pursued
by the old Nick. The Surveyor Genera!
did not scare worth a cent, as he had
enjoyed such rides down the mountain,
grades of the northern parts of the Sr.ate
many a time. All would have been well
but for one of the leader's check reins
getting caught over the hames >n the
mate. This happened at one of the sharp
turns, and before anything could be done
the stage was Jerked out of the road,
bounced on top of a two-foot log on the
outer edge of the grade and down the
side of the mountain. No one had time
to jump, and Mr. Gleaves made a flight
down the mountain landing many yards
down below the road. A second later th«
driver landed square on top of the pros
trate official, and without stopping to see
what damage had been done he contin
ued his flight from the ricochet on Mr.
Gleaves' anatomy, finally fetching up on
top of a brush pile.
After an hour's chase the driver caught
the horses and found only a small pi
of the harness broken. The stage was
removed from the top of a grove of small
pir.es and. strange to say, it was not
damaged. Not so with the passenger.
He suffered much pain, and upon arriving
at Jamestown he learned that one of his
ribs had been broken. He has been con
fined to his home for several days, but is
now attending to business, although the
fracture Is not yet healed, and is still
painful.
DION BOTJCICATJLT'S WILL.
Estate of the Deceased Dramatist Be-
queathed to His Widow.
The will of Dion Bouclcault, well known
in the histrionic world as actor and au
thor, who died in New Tork City in No
vember, 1890, was filed in this city for
probate yesterday. The instrument is
dated March 17, ISS7, and was admitted to
probate in the Surrogate's Court, New
York City, on December D, I*9o, and let
ters testamentary were issued to Joseph
ine Louise Thorndyke Boucicault, widow
of the testator. The petition was filed
in this city yesterday by Frank H. Pow
ers, who was requested by Mrs. Bouclcault
to act as administrator.
The estate of the well-known drama
tist is not large, consisting solely of per
sonal property in this city and rights to
certain plays written by the decedent. It
is bequeathed in Its entirety to Mrs. Bou
cicault, widow of the deceased, who is at
present residing In New York.
Free Trial Sample
Of Smith's Dandruff Pomade sent to all
troubled with dandruff, itching scalp and
falling hair by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
Over a Million Subscribed.
The first subscriptions to the Govern
: ment 3 per cent war loan close to-day.
| The subscriptions of this city up to yes
terday at 2 o'clock amounted to $1,055,270.
j For days pas^ the counters at the United
j States sub-Treasury have been crowded
with those desirous of investing in these
: popular war loan securities. All of the
subscriptions of the sum mentioned have
been $f.(W and under, for it has frequently
been announced that the Government will
1 not consider any large offers, and the
smaller sums will have the preference
• when It comes to issuing the bonds. As
■ sistß.nt Treasurer Julius Jacobs states
', that had larger amounts been allowed
; he Is sure that ten times the amount
cailed for would have been subscribed.
I Capitalists, as a rule, have not bothered
; with the small securities.
CAFE 6PRECKELS, 15th floor, Call building,
has chanßed hands; now under management of
Mr. Albert Wolff, formerly proprietor of Malson
de I'Opera, Oakland. Regular lunch, with
wine, 75c; dinner, with wine, $1.
Generous Nevadans.
The Catholic Truth Society of this city
has received the following subscriptions
from Virginia City. Nev.: Rev. Father
Tubman, $5; Senator A. J. McCone, $5;
Mrs. A. J. McCone, $5; Mrs. J. McCone,
$5; Mrs. P. Kerwln, $5; Master Fred Shee
hy, $2 50; Mrs. John Donohy, $2 50; Mrs.
J. Farrell. $1; T. F. McCarthy, $1; D. S.
Sullivan, $1; John Jones, $1: Miss de Sales
Black. $1; Mrs. Giles, $1; Mrs. J. Jones,
BO cents; D. McPherson, 50 cents; Mrs.
Farrell, %U an Irish girl, $1.
Alice Rix
Writes In Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
Railway Company Sued.
F. B. Harnish has sued the Market
street Railway Company to recover $10,000
in damages for personal injuries sustained
while a passenger on one oX defendant's
cars.
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CAlili, TTJTDAT, - TEXT 8, 1898.
HOW DEWEY
WAS GUIDED
TO MANILA
Kilpatrick Says He
Was Piloted.
STEERED BY A BRITISHER
CAPTAIN TAYLOR OF THE ES
MERALDA DENIES IT.
Two Accounts of the Famous Entry
Into the Island Bay Before
the Great Naval
Battle.
When history reviews the great fight of
Manila Bay on May 1, Ik9B, and sums up
the elemental particulars of Dewey'a
great naval victory, more than one para
graph will be devoted to the passage of
the ships through the tortuous channels
Into the harbor where the battle was
fought. The steamer Rio de Janeiro,
which arrived yesterday, had a passenger
on board who tells a story bearing on the
entrance of the American fleet into Ma
nila Bay and which has never before been
published.
The name of the passenger on the Rio
de Janeiro Is Kilpatricft, and he is con
nected with the Jardine-Mathieson Mer
cantile Company In the capacity of sugar
expert. He has lived in the Philippine
Islands for some time, located at Luzon,
a email town about forty miles from Ma
nila. - v
Just prior t6 the battle of May 1 Kilpat
rick left Manila on the steamer Esmer
alda, bound fur Hongkong. As his story
runs the Esmeralda, a steamer running
between Manila and Hongkong under
Captain Taylor, had just passed the last
landmarks of the shore when it came
into sight of the American fleet under
Commodore Dewey. The Esmeraxda was
flying a British flag, but It was, never
theless, ordered by a signal from the
Olympia, Dewey's flagship, to heave to.
Captain Taylor answered the signal of
the Americans, and after a lapse of a few
minutes a launch was lowered from the
Olympia, The Esmeralda had completely
stopped its onward progress by this time
and awaited the coming of the launch
manned by American sailors. Captain
Taylor then left his ship and went away
in the Olympia's launch. This happened
on April 30. He did not return until the
morning of May 1. When leaving his ship
Captain Taylor gave orders that the Es
meralda should anchor just outside the
harbor and await his return. The thun
der of the battle reached the ears of the
Esmeralda's passengers soon after Cap
tain Taylor had returned to his ship, and
the order to hoist anchors had been
shouted to the crew. ... , , ,
Captain Taylor knows the channel lead
ing into the bay as if it were a clear.
written book. For years he has piloted
his ship past Cavlte and into the harbor.
Not a bar, a projecting rock or a mine
but was known to him. He it was, accord
ing to the statement of Kilpatrlck, who
steered Dewey through the harbor past
the dangers of subterranean mines and
placed him in a position to begin the battle
which has proved the greatest water
light in the history of the 'world. Kilpat
rlck is certain that Taylor was Dewey's
pilot for the eventful passage through the
channel. In no other way can he explain
Taylor's absence during the night of April
80th and the morning of May Ist.
Kilpatrick's version is as follows;
"1 am a sugar expert and was sent to
Luzon, about forty miles away from
Manila, for the purpose of looking min
utely into the affairs of the plantation at
that place. I was representing the Jar
dine-Mathieson Mercantile Company.
"The steamer Esmeralda, which has
been running between Manila and Hong
kong for many years past, was at Manila
and had taken on a cargo prenaratory to
departure. I obtained my ticket and
went aboard on the last day of April. The
Esmeralda put to sea in the arternoon
and started through the circuitous chan
nel on her way to Hongkong.
"We were going along at a good rate of
speed when we sighted the American
squadron hanging away off port. At first
there was no apparent notice paid to the
steamer Esmeralda but it was not long
before the signal flags of the Flagship
Olympia called the Esmeralda to a halt.
Captain Taylor arrived on deck and fn a
cool and deliberate manner began to give
orders for the slackening of speed of the
Esmeralda. An answer riew from the
mast of the steamer and. in a short time,
a launch from the Olympia arrived along
side. Without saying a word and all the
while puffing away at his\cigar. che cap
tain got into the lauch and was soon on
his way to the Olympia. Orders had in
the meantime been given the next officer
in command to hover off port until he
should return to his ship.
"Captain Taylor then went aboard the
Olympia, and that is the last thing we
saw of him until early next morning.
When he got aboard the Esmeralda again
anchors were weighed immediately, and
we were off for Hongkong just "as the
first shots of the engagement at Manila
were bolrtg lircd. All steam was put on,
and the Esmeralda soon lost sight of
Manila.
"Where was Captain Taylor during the
night? Well, he was only piloting the
American fleet, with the Olympia in the
lead, into Manila Bay. He has traveled
in and out of the channel for years, and
no one knows the surroundings as well as
he. Do you wonder none of the mines
exploded? He did his work well, and wan,
no doubt, well paid. No other man could
have steered that fleet through the rocks
and sand as Captain Taylor did in the
darkness of the morning. When the work
was done he got into a launch again and ,
was off to Join us at our position outside
the harbor."
AS?« conclusion to his story, Mr. Klrk
patrick said: "Captain Taylor has not
been back to Manila since. He has found
better business for tho Esmeralda in
Japan."
But Kilpatrick's version 1* not the only
one. Captain Taylor has his story to tell,
and it is in flat contradiction to that of
the sugar expert. Captain Taylor saya
that the Esmeralda was steaming into
the harbor of Manila and that the Ameri
can fleet followed him. He denies all con
nection with the piloting of Dewey's ships
into the harbor. He claims that the Es
meralda went into the harbor with cargo
and passengers, but not as a pilot to any
one. "
The feeling among the Spanish in Ma
nila over this incident is extremely belli
cose. They are in a fury over the actions
of Captain Taylor, and it is reported that
the matter will perforce provoke inter
national complications between Spain and
England. From information received here,
Captain Taylor is an Austrian by birth.
The momentous question is, "Where does
his citizenship lie?
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dust
by
Dr. Pillsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
An Investigation.
There was a meeting last night at 22
Geary street of the Pacific Coast Board
of Review, the local representative body
of the National Trotting Association, to
inquire into the charges formulated by
Joseph Cairn Simpson against E. P.
Heald, who lately resigned as president
of the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association, in connection with
the giving of a record to the latter' 3
horse under conditions that the complain
ant assorted were contrary to the rules,
regulations and by-laws of the parent
association. The meeting, at which Cap
taln N. T. Smith and A. B. Spreckels
were present as members of the local
board, with F. Kelly as secretary, was
held with closed doors. Professor Heald,
also a member of the board, was present
only as accused party; also Joseph Cairn
Simpson, his accuser; W. S. Maben, tho
driver, and two or three other witnesses.
After hearing the evidence Captain Smith
and Mr. Speckels said they would take
the case under advisement and report to
the National Association.
Tennessee Soldiers.
A large chorus is being organized for
the purpose of furnishing music at the
drill to be given at Mechanics' Pavilion
by the First Tennessee Regiment next
Thursday evening under the auspices of
the Army Christian Commission. All
singers who are willing to join in the
chorus are requested to meet Mr. J. J.
Morris at the Association Auditorium,
Mason and Ellis streets, next Tuesday
evening at 8 o'clock for rehearsal.
Several war songs will be sung and it is
expected a quartet from the regiment will
> ADVERTISEMENTS. ,:
I Too Bad I
X . •■-■ ■ ' ■: / ■ ■■ ♦
+- to see a household necessity like tea X
X taxed ; but Uncle Sam needs money .+
X for his Boys in Blue. +
■'+ Let's pay it cheerfully. We are * +
X paying it now — pay it until July 15. ♦
+]. Then it's your turn. +
♦ * :
X ri 01 Hi/ Goo(i Health to the :
X llilllliV Boys in Blue ;
V : ; - ; ■:- ■■■■■-■■..-;;.-- , , ;,;, -.■.■■., i^ v y . ;:.';..■, ■ , J
+ WITH '*
: American's Best Tea. +
+ Quality Prices *
■f Best Obtainable. Lowest in America. , *
I • toT American Importing Tea Co. |
♦ : SPEAKING FOR THEIR +
j_ 108 Money Saving Stores. X
t *
•f CITY STORES. +
f : 1011 Market St. ; 2008 Fillmore St. / 146 Ninth St. ;>
+ ; 140 Sixth St. .3006 Sixteenth St. / 506 Kearny St.
> ; 1419 Polk St. . . 2510 Mission St. ' 3285 Mission St. ; X
355 Hayes St. '•' 1819 Devisadero St 521 Montgomery Ay. -'4
X ' 218 Third St 52 Market St. 705 Larkin St. >
141 4- ;; : 1190 Kentucky St. , [ ,\,^
I + OAKLAND STORES. •♦
■^  1052 Washington St., Oakland. 1510 Seventh 1 St., Oakland. ■ *
X■' • 917 Broadway, Oakland. . 616 E. Twelfth St., Oakland.; +
>♦- 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. ! 1355 Park St., Alameda. \ ;;. +
: A Good Time - :
: to Buy Tea. :
-f *♦■
;>-f-f-f-f -f -f .4- -f -f 4- -f •♦■ .'-•♦• -f .4; -f ++ + •♦■ 4 ;.4-'4- .4- 4- 4- 4- ,4 ■4- +.+ 4- 4- 4^4;
also sing. Tickets of admission 25 cents;
children 10 cents; now on sale at the As
sociation building, Mason and Ellis
streets.
Next Monday evening a mass meeting
under the auspices of the Christian Com
mission will be held at the Association
Auditorium when the work of the various
departments at Camp Merritt will be
presented. There will be selections by
the Knickerbocker Quartet, music by the
Columbian Orchestra, brief addresses by
Rev. Dr. Dille and others. The public la
invited.
Third Artillery Recruits Wanted
There is room yet in the Third United
States Artillery for about 150 good men.
Those who are desirous of enlisting in
one of the best regiments of the regular
army should avail themselves of this op
portunity as this will be the last chance
for some little time of getting into the
regular service, all the other organiza
tions now here having been recruited to
the limit.
Lieutenant Skerrett has a recruiting
office for this regiment m the Phelan
bunding, and there is also an office In
room 12, In the Alpha house, 5 Market
street, near East.
Military Wedding.
A pretty military wedding, at which
Chaplain Clarke of the Seventh California
officiated, took place yesterday afternoon
at 4 o'clock in the parlors of the Grand
Hotel. The principals were Private Al
bert Brown, Company G. Seventh Cali
fornia, who lives at San Bernardino when
he is out of the army, and Miss Kitty
Kinyon, whose home Is in Colton. The
rigid discipline of war times will cut
short the honeymoon, as Private Brown's
leave of absence expires on Saturday, and
on the morning of that day his wife will
take the train for her southern home,
there to wait the end of horrid war and
the return of the bridegroom.
War Incidents.
The members of the Sixth California
were made happy yesterday by a visit
from the paymaster, who paid them
off up to July Ist.
The Polire Commissioners have granted
Sergeant Baldwin and Policeman Atchin
son an Indefinite leave of absence. Both
men have Joined the Eighth Volunteers,
and expect shortly to go to the front.
Baldwin ranks as captain and Atchlnson
as lieutenant. Last night the men re
ported for duty at Camp Barrett, and
wore warmly received by their fellow
soldiers. Policeman W. W. Wilson will
act in Baldwin's place during his ab
sence.
James "W. Cole, a soldier stationed at
the Presidio, while riding a bicycle along
Golden Gate avenue last evening, collided
with a milk-wagon which was crossing
Larkin street and had his collar-bone
broken. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the broken member was
set by Dr. Rinne.
SOUGHT RELIEF IN POISON.
Ex-Special Officer John Mclntyre
Commits Suicide.
Ex-Special Officer John Mclntyre, 700
Broadway, committed suicide last night
by swallowing carbolic acid. For the past
few months he has been despondent
owing 1 to his many misfortunes. He bur
ied his wife last December and recently
he sold out his "beat," since which time
he has been out of employment.
Mclntyre frequently threatened to end
his existence, but no attention was paid
to him. The last person to whom he said
he was going to commit suicide was Po
lice Officer Peshon, who tried to dissuade
him. Thinking he might be in earnest
Peshon notified Mrs. Lambert, Mclntyre's
landlady. At 11 o'clock last night she
went to his room and found him dead.
The deceased has a brother in this city
who is an attorney, and also two sisters.
De Witt Club Elects Officers.
The DeWitt Republican Club of the
Thirty-second Assembly District met at
their new clubrooms at 425 Brannan
street last evening and elected the follow
ing officers: President, E. C. Molloy;
vice-president, T. M. Doyle; financial sec
retary, John C. Ennls; recording secre
tary, John B. Qulnn; sergeant at arms,
John McCabe; executive committee — Mar
tin Burk, John R. Wilson, Tim Conlon,
John Casey, Tim McOrath, Jerry Healey,
Sam Brown; financial committee — George
Roberts, Fred McDugal, James R. Dun
dan, E. C. Raffestin, Jake Radomsky:
committee on halls— Ed McGlade, Thomas
Roberts, Sam McDonald; reception com
mittee—J. F. Crowley, George Case, Jonn
Cane. Speeches were made by Dr Helno,
T. M. Doyle and others. Ninety-five
members signed the roll, after which
three hearty cheers were given for the
Buccess of the Republican party.
Alice Bix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
On a Vacation.
R. R. Munro, Inspector in charge of the
postofflce inspectors, is in the mountains
of Trinity County on a vacation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JULY
. . BARGAINS . .
Fancy Brocade Dress Silks.
Choice colorings, regular 750 quality.
Bargain
Price
50 Cents.
Both Stores.
Printed Foulard Dress Silks.
Neat Patterns on blue, brown, green, red
»<nd black grounds, regular 60c grade.
Bargain
Price
35 Cents.
'Both Stores.
Stockinet Dress Shields.
10c quality.
Bargain
Price
5 Cents.
Both Stores,
Ladies' Tan Hosiery.
Full regular made, extra grade, worth 25c.
Bargain
Price
12% Cents.
Both Stores.
Fancy Striped Ribbons.
All silk, handsome colorings, 3H Inches wide,
usual price SOc.
Bargain
Price
15 Cents.
"Both Stores.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET and 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
Real.
Schillings Best baking pow-
der is all baking powder;
nothing else in it. This is
why it goes further. c
WOODBURY'b Facial Soap, : Facial Cream,
Facial Powder and Dental Cream makes the
grandest toilet combination known for the skin.
Send 20 cents for sample of each. Sufficient
for three weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY,
127 .West Forty-second St.. New York. •.■-. .-
I KATCHINSKI X
■f ISA DIFFICULT NAME TO PRO- +
. 1 nounce, but our patrons and the gen-
"♦" eral public know that it stands for hon- +
X. est values and low prices; and hard as »
; the name is to pronounce, it is still
T- more difficult for . our competitors to +
a - meet our prices. The selling of the best
"*■ shoes tor the least money is what wins, •*■
4- and that Is our strong hold. This week -f-
; Ladles Extra Quality Vlcl Kid Oxford .
+ ■ Ties with Dotted Vesting Tops, New T
a Coin Toes and Tips and hand-turned +
y soles, offered for 81.45. _.
+ "T
♦ .^^S ai^ 1 1 Ffc
"♦" * Misses' and Children's Dressy Shoes, "*"
4. Vici Kid Lace Shoes with fancy silk- +
' embroidered vesting tops and new coin .
4" toes and either kid or patent-leather ~T
x tips and spring heels: " ' i 4.
"t" Child's sizes, Bto 10H §1.15
4. Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 $1.35 -f
J_ Reduced from k $1 60 and $1 75. .
a. Country orders solicited. 4.
~ Bend for Illustrated Catalogue. "
+ +
■f B. KATCHINSKI, "f
+ PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, 4-
4. 10 Third st., San Francisco. +
4- ♦•»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
"DT> TTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DllUullLu m > bootblacks, bath-
Wllw r" *•*■—•-"^^ houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners. . tailors, eta
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
AMUSEMENTS.
DASHES—QUICK ACTION-NO DELAYS
RACES I |Jfe§# RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS', ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
. EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladies free to grand stand. - 50c admits gen-
tlemen to ' grand ; stand, betting ; ring . and pad-
dock.): :-■-•■ . ■ <s >:■-. i ...: >-• ■' ':-- \ ■'■ • .
- v ;., - Races Commence at 2 O'clock. .
; Trains connecting with the . 12, 1:30 and 1
o'clock boats stop at the track. . '.;■-: r:X
DT VMDTA I Comer of Mttart »n«
Ut * iVi V1 li *- ■ I -.; Eddy &lf«t» . '■■
GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON.
TOM RYAN, "the Mad ■ Musician" MUR-
RAY & REYNOLDS. Change Artists; BAR-
NEY ■ REYNOLDS. LA ROYCE SISTERS,
MAUD ROCKWELL. LA v MONT and BIO-
GRAPH, With War . Scenes. : Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday. .■..-., .;_,,. : .. ; : : j .-
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS,
Open. Daily, from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION - ---- CHILDREN 5o
.''. Bathing, - admission, 25c; [children, ]200.%J<
Black Silk Brocade Dress Skirts.
One of the many bargains in this department,
well lined and interlined, velveteen bound
and hang well, full width, figured de-
signs and bayadere striped, excellent qual-
ity silk; former price was JS 50.
Bargain
Price
$6.85.
Both Stores*
Dress Goods.
TWO SPECIAL BARGAINS la remnants ot
Black Dress Goods.
Two Hundred Remnants
OF ENGLISH STORM SEROB, 44 lnohes
wide, lengths from 3% to 9 yards, worth
40c yard; for the remnants oniy.
19 Cents
Yard.
Market-street Stort Only.
One Hundred and Fifty Remnants
BLACK FIGURED FANCIES, sold at 800
yard, 45 inches wide, length from 2ft to
10 yards; a good raven black i lor th«
remnants only.
23 Cents
Yard.
Market-street Stort Ottlr*
Five Hundred Remnants
FRENCH COTTON DUCK, extra h«&ry ««al-
lty, neat figures and polks, dots. 17 Inches
wide; worth 10c yard.
5 Cents
Yard.
Market-street Stort Oidy*
As the above lines are all remnants wt can
not fill orders for samples.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRANDE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manar*r.
Evening Prices —..,......250 and SOo '
Family Circle and Gallery . 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
WELCOME HOME.
Special Engagement of the Sterling Romantla *
Actor,
JAMES M. BROPHY
In the Famous American War Drama,
HELD by the ENEMY
POWERFUL CAST. NEW SCENERY.
- - PATRIOTIC EFFECTS.
. COLUMBIA THEATER.
ONLY 8 MORE NIGHTS AND MATINBJH
. SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
In Their Excellent Production of the Great
Military Drama,
FORT FRAYNE,
By Brigadier General Charles King and SherW
dan-Sutherland.
Next Monday — The comedy, "LOST —34
HOURS." .
:
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
—ONLY THREE NIGHTS MORE!
Stockwell's Grand Revival of .
i UNCLE TOWS CABIN I
Popular Prices— 85c, 25c and 15c.
MATINEE SATURDAY— Any Seat 28c.
MRS. ALICE J. SHAW AND DAUGHTERS,
the Whistling Prima Donnas; DOUGLAS ft
FORD, Novelty Dancers; THE FOUR CO-
HANS, "Running for Office"; THREE WAT-
SON SISTERS and ZAMORA, Sensational
Aerlallsts; FALKE & SEMON, Musical Artists-
CHARLES WAYNE* Comedian Eccentrtque:
ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne; JONES.
GRANT & JONES, Colored Trio; THE TWO
JUDGES, Acrobatic Equilibrists.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, lOo; opera
chairs, and box seats. 50c.
Last week of THE COHANS. See 'era.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Manacar.
LAST NIGHT.
THE REGAL REVIVAL OF
Gilbert & Sullivan's Favorite Opera,
"THE MIKADO!"
NEXT WEEK , a \; :
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera, . :': ' sUS '
"FATI I TZA !»
'"March Forward Fearlessly.
Popular Prices ..25c and Mo
. . No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. BBAT w PHO! ™
ALLAZ<Ai<. Main 254.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
LEU/IS MORRISON
FREDERiqCTHE GREAT
MONDAY NIGHT,
MORRISON'S "FAUST."
1789-FALL OF THiBASTILLE-1897
FRENCH NATIONAL
CELEBRATION I
—BENEFIT OF THE—
RED CROSS SOCIETY
THURSDAY, JULY 14, 1898.
ATT the CHUTES
AFTERNOON.
' LITERARY EXERCISES. CONCERT.
JAPANESE FIREWORKS.
NIGHT,
GREAT CONCERT BY THE lOWA REGI-
MENTAL BAND.
GREAT DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS.
GRAND BALL ALL NIGHT.
Admission. 25 cents; children under 12, 10 cent*.
CHUTES AND ZOO
CANNON, THE SWISS 613-PODNDER!
And a Great Vaudeville Show In th»
FREE THEATER.
Realistic representation of the SINKING OF
THE MAINE and BATTLE AT MANILA!
SEE THE NEW MOVING WAR PICTURES, r
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; ' Children, sc;
" RED CROSS BENEFIT. '
, CHAMPIONSHIP BASEBALL
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN
VERSUS
OLYMPIC CYCLERS
SUNDAY, JULY, 10, ? 8 P. M. ;
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STREETS. '
78
MEN OF WOODLAND REFUSE TO
ENTER THEIR COUNTRY'S SERVICE
DAPT. WARD OF WOODLAND WRITES.
He Asks for Reasons and Offers to Muster In His
Company on Receipt of the Same.
CAMP BARRETT. July 7. 1898.
Editor Call— Sir: In justice to the officers and men of my command, the
ocality whence we came and to myself, I beg to explain our position In this
infortunate affair.
When the first call for volunteers came Company F, Second Infantry. N.
3. C, of Woodland was one of the first to offer its services. When finally
ive were called upon we came into camp, determined to do our duty to our
State and to our country. The members of this company understood that
their regular officers would be retained, provided they passed the necessary
Mra urination, as had been the case with other National Guard organiza
tions: if they failed to pass such examination no favor was expected to be
shown thorn.
I have been a member of Company F for ten years, serving in every ca
pacity from private to captain, and being in command for nearly a year. I
lave successfully passed every examination required of me. Since reeeiv
ngr information that I have been superseded I have used every means In my
power to ascertain the cause, but have been unable to learn of any reason
whatever. Colonel llcnshaw says he knows of none, and it appears to me
that it is simply a ease of favoritism. I have Informed Colonel Henshaw
that 1 am willing to undergo any test as to my ability the commander in
?hief may see fit to impose, and if I am found deficient In any particular 1
will enlist in the ranks and willingly serve under a more capable officer.
My men have elected to refuse to enter the service without me unless
some good reason is given them why I should not retain the captaincy and
n this they are supported by their fellow townsmen of Woodland and vicln
ty. If I am given one good reason why I should be superseded I will guar
mtee to have my command in line before the mustering officer in five min
utes. J. J. WARD,
Captain Commanding Company F, Second Regiment Infantry, N. G. C.
GUARDS from the Fourth United
States Cavalry and Fourteenth
United States Infantry, under
the command of commissioned
officers, have been placed aboard
the steamers Peru and City of Puebla.
Troops assigned to the fourth expedi
tion may march to the ships next Sun
day.
The reports from Suez that the war
ships of Camara's squadron have
passed through the canal bound for the
Philippines do not seem to cause any
apprehension in the mind of Major
General Otis. He has probably received
assurances that Dewey and Watson
will take care of Camara. As soon as
ships can be secured all the troops of
the Eighth Army Corps remaining in
San Francisco ■will be dispatched to
Manila.
WOODLAND MEN
REFUSE TO ENLIST
One Company Assigned to the
Eighth Regiment Decides
to Return Home.
CAMP BARRETT, Fruitvale, July 7.—
Woodland and Yolo County will not be
represented In the Eighth California Vol
unteers. The members of Company F,
Second Infantry, N. G. C, lately desig
nated as Company M of the new regiment,
have refused to be mustered into the
United States service because their cap
tain was not to continue in command, and
to-morrow, disarmed and stripped of their
accouterments, they Will march out of
camp and return to their homes.
In adopting this course, they have acted
upon the advice of their friends, and al
though they may be dismissed from the
Stato service, they feel that oven this dis
grace Is preferable to what they consider
would be desertion of their captain.
In marked contrast to the action of the
Woodland company is that of the men
from Redding. They, too. have lost their
captain, a brave and efficient officer, and
another has been appointed In his stead.
At nrst the men from Shasta and Siskiyou
were inclined to adopt the same course as
the others, but wiser counsels prevailed.
Had Captain Smith said the word, his
mi-ii would have stood by hjm to the last;
but it was he who pointed out to them
that they owed a higher duty to their
gtate and to their country than to any one
man, and finally they heeded his words
and revived to answer the nation's call.
Captain Smith's loyalty will not go un
rewarded, for he was given to understand
to-night that he would receive a first
lieutenant's commission in the regiment,
though it may not be with his old com-
To-day's exciting events in Camp Bar
rett have developed another man with pa
triotic sentiments as lofty as those shown
by Captain Smith, and though it may be
that the men from Chico are not given
an opportunity to show their true worth
on the field of battle, the State will know
that in Private L. Bond no truer soldier j
can be found. Bond came into camp {
holding a second lieutenant's commission j
In his company, but when the appoint
ment of officers for the volunteer regl- |
ment was published it was found that his
name was not included in the list. In
stead of returning home Bond reported to
his captain that he still desired to go to
the front with his company, and so when j
the muster roll of Company A was hand- '
ed to Captain Murray this morning it ]
bore the name of Private Bond. He took !
the oath with his comrades and has laid
aside his sword and officer's blouse arid
will henceforth carry a gun.
Captain Murray resumed his work of
mustering in the companies at an early
hour this morning, and while Companies
L and A were undergoing the transforma
tion from National Guardsmen to United
States soldiers animated caucuses were
being held in the streets and tunts of
Companies M nnd H, the Woodland and
Redding organizations. The members of
the former would listen to no arguments
whatever. They were determined not to
enter the service unless they were given I
Captain Ward, and nothing could change
their determination. In this they were !
supported by several of their fellow
townsmen who visited the ramp, and j
many messages from their homes all '
tended to show that the entlrf community j
Indorsed the stand they had taken.
After a time the company was formed ■
In line and Captain Ward addressed the j
men briefly. He then Introduced Captain .
George B. Baldwin, who had been ap- i
pointed as his successor. Captain Bald- i
SHASTA AND SISKIYOU ARE LOYAL
W. E. Smith of Company H, Second Regiment,
Vouches for the Patriotism of His Men
and Is Ready to Fight.
CAMP BARRETT, July 7.
Kdltor Call— Sir: Company H. Second Regiment, N. G. C, which I have
had the honor to command, in offering its services to its distressed country
did so with sentiments of the loftiest patriotism. Shasta and Siskiyou
counties Bend 120 men as their quota, and while my men hoped and expect
ed me to lead them, since the commander in chief has willed it otherwise
they will accept his decision and remain patriots still. It is my wish that
they remain loyal to their State and my every word has been to urge them
to stand by the regiment.
As for myself, if I am not to lead my old comrades. I remain ready to
serve my country in whatever capacity I may be called upon.
\V. B. SMITH.
v.-in spoke a few words and was loudly
cheered, more cheers following- for Cap
tain Ward. Then the men reiterated their
determination not to <-nlist unless Ward j
was reinstated. Ward hold a conference |
with Colonel Hcnshaw regarding the s!t- i
uation and the men reni wed their cau- I
cuseir.g. Private J. H. Dungan of the !
Woodland Mail urged them to remain
firm, for which he- was roundly cheered. '
The meeting between the colonel and j
Ward was very friendly but amounted to
practically nothing.
Meanwhile the northern men were con
ferring and loudly proclaiming that they
■would not give up their captain, but |
Smith sought to suppress all such talk, i
He went among his men and urged them •
to do their duty to their country regard
less of him. Others, and among them was
Code Commissioner T. W. H. Shanuhan.
counseled them in like manner, and llnal
ly the men began to waver. They request
ed Shanahan and Lieutenant Estep to
wait upon the Governor and ascertain
if there was any prospect of Smith's re
instatement and then they dispersed to
await the report of their emissaries.
During all this time the mustering of
ficer had been at work without wasting
a minute. Company L of Marysville was
the first to appear before him. Captain
Voss presented 104 enlisted men, but
neither of his lieutenants was present.
Company A of Chlco 102 men and all
three officers came up. Captain Cahill
NEVADA CAVALRYMEN IN VARIOUS EVOLUTIONS AT THE PRESIDIO.
lost three men most unexpectedly. Two
of them. Privates Strange and Clark, left
camp last night and failed to reappear.
Wh'-n the company was drawn up before
the mustering officer and the nature of
their duties and obligations explained to
the men Private Davis suffered a relapse
of valor, or an attack of cold feet, or
something, and fell out. He did not lin
ger around camp to learn what his com
rades had to say, but vanished while the
others were signing the rolls.
Company G of Alameda came next, but
was on<- man short of 100, and as the mus
tering officer refused to accept the col-
ored cook engaged by Captain Simmons,
as a soldier, the company was passed for
the time being and Company F of Oak
land called. Captain Wenk had 104 men
in line, besides his two lieutenants, and
no cold feet developing all wore sworn
into T'ncle Sam's service.
Company I of Grass Valley, 105 men,
besides Captn In Riley and Second Lieuten
ant Miller, was next called upon. Cap
tain Riley could bave tilled his command
to the maximum had he desired, for he
had seven men in reserve, but he pre
ferred to hoiu one vacancy open for
emergency.
Petaltima's contingent. Company C. was
the fifth of the day to enter the service
and 104 men, besides CaDtaln Barnes and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
Second Lieutenant Emerson, became Un
cle Sam's boys.
Then came the culmination of the re
volt in the Woodland company. In re
sponse to orders Captain Ward marched
his men up to headquarters, and was
asked for his muster rolls. He replied
that they were not ready, as his men de
clined to enlict except under certain con
ditions. Captain Murray, addressing the
command, asked how many were ready
to muster in under the officers named
by Governor Budd. Three stepped for
ward. Then he asked how many were
willing to enter a new company or some
other company of the regiment, and a
half dozen more came to the front. That
was all, and telling the few who were
willing to enter the service to report to
him later, he directed Captain Ward to
march the company back to quarters.
The boys were given a rousing cheer by
the men of the other companies, who ad
mired their pluck, if they did not indorse
the stand they had taken.
Hack in their company street the mem
bers began preparations to return home.
Quartermaster Heller took an inventory
of the State property held by the com
pany, and to-morrow afternoon the men
will return to Woodland. That they will
be dishonorably discharged from the
State service < is certain, for during the
afternoon Colonel Henshaw received an
order from the Governor to dismiss the
company If it refused to be mustered in,
first taking charge of the. State property
in its possession.
In the appointment of officers for the
Eighth California Volunteer Infantry
Governor Budd was guided by a deter
mination that only capable men should be
commissioned to lead the companies. An
Intimation was given to prominent men
.if Woodland that Captain Ward's record
as an officer of the National Guard would
not justify the Governor in commission
ing him to the responsibilities of com
mand.
In the light of events at Camp Barrett
the following letter written by Adjutnat
General Barrett more than two months
a^jo possesses special significance:
SACRAMENTO, March 31, IS9B.
Personal. (Copy. )
Hon. R. 11. Reamer, Woodland, Cal.— My
I">par Sir: Some time aco in a conversation
with you the matter of Company F. Second In
fantry, was discu«sed, and you then informed
me that If the ofnVers did not keep up their
report! properly that you wished I would rail
your attention to the fact, anil you would try
und see that the business would be attended
to promptly. I now desire to call your atten
tion tr> the fact that Captain Ward was com
tnlnloned December 21, 1897, and since that
time his bond has not been filed In this office,
and there Is waiting- one quarterly allowance
($300) for the quarter ending December 31, 1897,
which cannot be forwarded to him until he
flies his bond, and thfie 1m also due the com
pany to-day $300 more, being for the quarter
ending March 31. IS9B. It will be necessary for
the commanding officer of that company to
make his reports mure promptly In the future
or there may be danger of complaints being
sent to the Board of Location and Organiza
tion, which might Jeopardize their position of
remaining in the National Guard of California.
There are many applications on file to take
all vacancies that might occur. It may be well
for you to call Captain Ward's attention to
this fact. Very respectfully,
A. W. BARRETT.
It is to be regretted after all that Cali
fornia has done to prove her loyalty to
the country that the men of one company
should falter and murmur because the
appointment of their officers was not sat
isfactory to them. It was hoped that the
volunteers from Yolo County would cast
aside their personal preferences and
etand by the country first, last and all
the time. Bad influences counseled th«
men to a mutinous course, and a com
pany which might have gained honor and
distinction at the front now remains at
home to face the charge of disloyalty
which has been placed on the record of
the organization.
When the Woodland men left the field
Company G was again called, and this
time Captain Simmons had lt)3 men in
addition to both lieutenants, and the com
pany made the tenth of the regiment to
be mustered in.
While the Alamedans were signing the
rolls and the Woodland boys were pre
paring for their return to private life an
impressive scene was going on in the
Redding quarters. The men were formed
in line by First Sergeant Con H. Gold
berg, who addressed them in eloquent
terms as to the duty they owed their
country. He spoke in terms of warmest
praise of Captain Smith and his loyalty
In eounciling his men to be true soldiers,
and said that while he regretted to enter
the service without their old captain, he
felt it a duty they owed themselves, their
home, their State, and above all their
country, to do so.
Major Forbes, who is well known and
liked among the northern boys, pointed
out to them their path of duty, and then
f'aptain Smith stepped forward and again
urged thr-m, as he had done repeatedly
during the day, to forget him and
remember only the flag. Lieutenant Es
tep told of his visit to the Governor and
intimated that Captain Smith would go to
the front with the regiment. Corporal
Knowlton urged the men to enter the
service, and then Lieutenant Reynolds,
who failed to get a commission, bade the
boys a formal good-by after requesting
them to enter the United States service.
Then Captain Baldwin was introduced,
and gave them advice, after which Major
Forbes again stepped forward and said he
was assured that Captain Smith would be
given a commission in the regiment, if
not with his own men, then with some
other company.
Calls were made for Code Commissioner
Shanahan, and he told of his visit to the
Governor. He spoke as a citizen of the
neighborhood from which the men came
and he, too, urged them, for the sake or
Shasta and Siskiyou, to be true to their
country. Each speaker was loudly ap
plauded, and when Sergeant Goldberg
called for a vote on the proposition to be
mustered in every man in line voted aye.
Later the men prepared a petition to
the Governor, respectfully requesting him
to assign Captain Baldwin to the com
mand of Company H, the petition being
presented at a late hour. The Governor
deferred action until morning.
The Governor has not yet decided what
organization shall be admitted to the
Eighth Regiment to fill the vacancy
caused by the withdrawal of the Wood
land company. Numerous dispatches ten
dering men were received at State head
quarters last evening. Some companies
are pleading for permission to get in. It
is thought that the contest for admission
is narrowed down to four comhpanies. The
Napa company stands a good chance of
acceptance, but the Governor may decide
to muster in a company from Nevada
City. In the exercise of his judgment he
may not accept either, because Oakland
and Sacramento stand ready to supply
the needed troops for the regiment. In
the acceptance of men the Governor, so
far, has given the National Guard every
thing. Organizations outside of the guard
have not been considered. In view of this
fact, there is a widespread feeling that
other volunteers should be recognized.
Although not announced officially, yet it
is intimated very absolutely by those in
a position to know that the Santa- 43ruz
company will take the place in the Eighth
Army Corps of the Woodland company,
which refused to be mustered into the
United States service.
The Governor and adjutant general re
gard Captain Lyons as an officer of ex
ceptional ability and experience. His rec
ord in the National Guard is without a
blemish. The Governor served in the
ranks as a private under Captain Lyons
at a time when the guardsmen of the
State provided their own uniforms and
paid the expenses of tue service from
their own means. Captain Lyons was
then active and efficient, and since that
time he has kept in harmony with the
spirit of military- progress. The Gover
nor believes that th« . captain would
Ptudy the enre and eomtort of t"he men in
the Held, and if rations and clothing were
to be. had the captain would get them for
his men.
The Redding company to a mwi has pe
titioned Governor Budd for the retention
of their captain. George Baldwin, but at
a late hour it was understood that the
executive had declined to swerve an inch
from his position. It is said that he had
replied definitely that if the company
wished to go to the front it must do so
under the orders of Captain j^yons.
CREDIT DUE THE ARMY.
Words of Praise From Rear
Admiral Miller for Shafter's
Forces at Santiago.
It is somewhat refreshing. In the face
of the recent brilliant naval victories, to
hear a naval officer speak in high praise
of the land forces.
"I was much pained upon reading Rich
ard Harding Davis' criticism of General
Shaf tor's campaign and his battles at San
tiago," said Rear Admiral Miller, yester
day. "I firmly believe that General Shaf
ter did everything In his power. It strikes
me that he has covered himself with
glory and has accomplished a great re
sult. It was General Shafter who made
it possible for our squadron to destroy
the Spanish, fleet. It was Shatter who
compelled Cervera to make his dash out
of the harbor to meet certain destruction
and have Santiago soon to fall into our
hands. Shatter has done nobly. He has
done enough already to deserve well of
his country, and I hope no one will at
tempt to take away from him a single
l«ta of the credit that is fairly his. The
destruction of Cervera's fleet removes a
load of anxiety and paves the way for an
early ending of the war.".
TriE MANILA TRANSPORTS.
Scarcity of Steamers Will Delay
the Shipment of the Remain-
der of the Forces.
The formal order designating the troops
that will constitute the fourth Manila ex
pedition, to sail early next weeK, will not
be Issued by Major General Otis until to
morrow. The order will not change the
composition of the expedition, as an
nounced In yesterday's Call. The troops
that are to go are all in readiness to em
bark at any time, and are anxiously wait
ing for the order to go on shipboard.
ADMIRAL MILLER'S MISSION.
He Will Convey to the Hawaiian Government President
McKinley's Proclamation of Annexation.
Rear Admiral Joseph N. Miller, U. S. W., yesterday received information from Washington that he Is to
be sent to Honolulu on a special mission, and the inference is that It is in connection with the transfer of the
Islands of the Hawaiian republic to the United -Itates under the annexation bill which has just been passed
by Congress. He expects to get Instructions early next week defining his duties.
As intimated In the dispatches there will be no very formal ceremony in making the transfer. Rear
Admiral Miller will probably convey to the Hawaiian Government the proclamation of President McKinley
and present to President Dole a commission as Go-ernor of the new territory, and after the Hawaiian Legis
lature takes action in regard to the matter the Elands will then pass under the dominion of the Stars and
Stripes. The day on which this event occurs will, of course, b^ celebrated by the Hawaiians and the repre
sentatives of the United States.
Rear Admiral Miller need not necessarily proceed to Honolulu on a Government vessel. He may go on the
next mail steamer, which leaves San Francisco on the 13th. The five commissioners who will be immediate
ly . pointed by President McKinley will in all probability accompany him and carry out the programme of
annexation.
It was expected that tne new cruiser Philadelphia would be equipped in lime to make this memorable
trip to Honolulu, but it is impossible to get her ready. The Bennington, however, will be s^nt to Honolulu to
participate in the demonstration and sh? will be prepared for sea to-morrow. Should Rear Admiral Miller
conclude not to sail on the mail steamer he will make the trip on the Bennington.
The Peru is practically in condition to
receive the troops assigned to her, and
the City of Puebla will come off the dry
dock to-day, and will be ready for the
reception of the soldiers on Sunday.
Every effort will be made to get these
transports started for Manila on next
Tuesday, and if they don't sail on that
day they will positively take their de
parture on Wednesday.
The Rio Janeiro, which arrived in port
yesterday from Hongkong, will be taken
by the Government for transport pur
poses, and will sail with the fifth Philip
pine expedition. The Pennsylvania will
also be chartered. One of her owners,
Mr. Grlscom, is now in Washing-ton to
close the matter with the War Depart
ment. Telegrams are expected from
Washington this morning announcing the
fact that these two steamers have been
taken by the Government. Immediately
upon the receipt of this Information the
steamers will be pot in readiness as rap
idly as possible for the voyage to Ma
nila.
No definite understanding as to the em
ployment of the sailing vessel Tacoma
as an animal transport has yet been ar
rived at. and instructions from Washing
ton are looked for at any hour. Should
the Tacoma be chartered a detachment
of the Fourth Cavalry will be sent with
her to take care of the horses.
It is estimated that it will require at
least fifteen more steamers to transport
the remainder of the Philippine expedi
tionary forces, and to secure this number
of transports will take some time, as
there is a scarcity of available steamers
at present.
The Centennial Is anchored In the
stream, and no one seems to know what
is to be done with her. If the Govern
ment decides to use her as a transport
she will be put on the dry dock and over
hauled.
The United States steamer Albatross,
the flagship of the mosquito fleet, came
down from Mare Island yesterday and
anchored in the stream. She may accom
pany the cruiser Philadelphia to Hono
lulu, should the latter be sent to the isl
ands, when ready for sea. The Philadel
phia, however, will not be fully equipped
for a sea voyage before the end of this
month.
MAY GO TO HAWAII.
Troops at Camp Merritt May
Be Sent There Forth
with.
It was reported at Camp Merritt yes
terday that the War Department has
wired Major General Otis Instructions in
regard to the next expedition that will
leave here, which materially changes the
plans that have been made, and which
will certainly affect the disposition
of the remaining troops iiow at
Camp Merritt. Rumor has it that
in view of the recent annexation of Ha
waii, the Third battalions of the Eigh
tenth and Twenty-third Infantry will ac
company the Fourteenth Infantry when
it leaves here next week, and that these
troops will be definitely located at Hono
lulu. The Puebla will then return here,
and with certain coast vessels that have
been secured, all the troops at Camp
Merritt will be transferred to Honolulu.
The transports that have already gone to
Manila will be stopped at Honolulu on
their return, and all future expeditions
to Manila will be made up from that
point. Certain troops will be kept there
permanently, but the further selection of
what troops shall be sent to General Mer
ritt's aid will be determined after they
have been removed to Hawaii. The troops
can all be easily transported there In
three weeks from now, by means of the
many small vessels that can safely make
that short run, and the large transports
will be saved the time It would take to
come from Honolulu to S;in Francisco
and return. This rumor was very gener
ally the subject of discussion among the
officers yesterday, and it is believed to be
what the War Department intends do-
Ing.
Lieutenant Colonel Barnett of the Tenth
Pennsylvania Regiment is expected here
the tlr'st of the week with 24S recruits for
that regiment.
Orders have been Ipsucd to Major
Goodal. commanding the Third Battalion
of the Twenty-third Infantry, to move his
camp to-day to the site formerly occupied
by the engineer corps. This is done in
order to give the First New York the en
tire encampment opposite General Mil
ler's headquarters, which has been the
camp of the Twenty-third Regiment.
It Is reported that the Chaffee Light
Artillery of Denver, Colo., has been or
dered here.
Major C. H. Potter of the Eighteenth
Infantry, recently promoted, has been
transferred to the Fourteenth Infantry.
First Lieutenant E. A. Wedgwood, com
manding the recruit detachment, Utah
Light Artillery, Batteries A and B. has
been removed to the Lane Hospital by
the order of Major F. C. Grugan. The
lieutenant was a sick man when he ar
rived here, and is reported quite ill.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
Leave of Absence Granted to
Reserve Men Entering the
United States Service.
Since the first call for troops was issued
seventy-eight j members of the California
Naval Reserve have entered the service
of the United States ! navy and twenty
five have enlisted ,in the United States
army. •« ■/■■' ..,-.■ :
Following Is an extract from an official
order issued yesterday by Adjutant Gen
eral A. W. Barrett:
:■.::' SAN FRANCISCO, July 7, 1898. ,
Special order No. 23. ■ ', V
Upon their own request, and for the purpose
of entering the service of : the United States,
leave of absence is hereby granted to the fol
lowing officers of the Naval Militia for ninety
(90) days:- '
. Captain Louis H. Turner, commanding bat
talion. ■ • ■ . ' ■
Lieutenant William E. Gunn, commanding
Second Division.
Lieutenant T. M. Shaw, navigating officer.
Lieutenant V.'. F. Burke, ordnance officer.
Lieutenant Albert H. Elliott, lieutenant. Ju
nior grade. Second Division.
Lieutenant Addison E. Morgan, lieutenant ju
nior grade, Third Division.
Lieutenant J. M. Squier, lieutenant Junior
grade. Sixth Division.
Joseph J. Delaney. ensign. Sixth Division.
William George Morrison, ensign, First Di
vision.
By order of the commander-ln-chlef.
A. W. BARRETT, Adjutant General.
Three hundred Springfield rifles will ar
rive to-day from Benicia and will be dis
tributed among the. -Kansas recruits.
Colonel Funston yesterday put his men
through a hot regimental drill over the
Presidio hills. One battalion of the regi
ment was concealed in the heavy forest
of : the reservation and it was made the
business of the other two to hunt them
out. which they successfully did after.be
ing put through every maneuver known
to their colonel.
■ Colonel Funston now. has as well drilled
a lot of , men ■as can be ; got together, ev
ery private is being schooled In the regu
lations and to this end the colonel has
had s printed 1000 slips of extracts from
the regular regulations and has distribu
ted them throughout the regiment.
Sergeant Keshner. Twentieth Kansas,
has been reduced to ; rank of corporal as
punishment for dropping from the ranks
during the parade on the Fourth.
Captain Edgar Russell arrived at Camp
Merritt yesterday from Washington, D.
C.. with a squad of 23 men for the Signal
Corps. -■ / • . -■:■■■ :
The South Dakota band has received
another $200 from ; the good people ■of
Sioux Falls." This makes in all about $SOO
that the patriotic residents of that. State
have donated for : band purposes.
•—
"THE BEST THING
IN ALL THE WAR."
This bloody war has already purchased
for our nation many priceless blessing-s,
! such as awakened sympathy, s truly hu
mane feeling toward friend and foe, ex
amples of bravery that wiil adorn the
! pages of the world's history to the encl
I of time, and a new. mighty impulse to
universal freedom; but brightest, sweet
est and best of all among thpm is the
call of prayer from Captain Phillips, com
mander of the Texas. His life and that
of his men had been providentially saved,
victory had come to his arms, and hard
ly had the awful thunder of battle ceased
when all his men were called to the quar
i ter deck to hoar from the lips of their
! brave captain the best command that can
i fall from the lips of man. It was a call
to thanksgiving and prayer. Every let
ter and syllable Is sacred. Let us respect
; it as the spirit of God brought it from his
; lips. "I -want to make public acknowl
fOpment horo that T believe In God, the
i 1 1 [
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
* Strong Assertions at to Jnat What
the • Remedies Will : Do.
Munyon gnarantee*
''ISjßtflj^^sV "* at n ' 8 Rheumatism
■^^Ss«(lffi3r^O Cure will curt' nearly
' «^®^E2aß£w^L 811 cas of rhcuma-
Wj&jT' Tr^^KiSj? ' ; tlnin :In a : few r hours; v
«Q|r IQK| that his Dj-spepsia C-.ire
jß«^'' - J ■ _2fS§&& • "l cure Indigestion and
- lEa mi i i |J«i(i*tiJr ■ all ":-' stomach troubles;
Vr *S!'' W§y tiiat kls Kidney Cure
V•• v 7 .-i r^^lll cure , 00 j per ■ cent. .
>• .'-■ ~: S*w&&tM -■■• ■■*"■■ *' •■ a " cases : of - kidney
V >_S^hH trouble; that his Ca-
'Lh^ *-*^^W ' tarrh •■ Cure ; ■■will *ure
_ tt <fV t< te*y<Hi%fks catanh no matter how
lon X standing; that his
W^HhNh Headache Cure will cure
'l' II ' •"■■'• W* ; * ny kin(l of headache In •
■■". 'I- \' \' ' , * few mlntitos; v that
1 -.:•■ -.. . his --'• Cold Cure -i ■will
««_.** ./vit . - Quickly . break :up a any
,r.w« or com and so on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggist*. 25 cents a rial
i 2L 3r 7 I w e<M 1^ 10 *! «ilTice write Prof. MunyoD "
j 1 1806 Arch it., Phili. It 131 3 absolutely free. ° '
! Father Almighty. T want all you officers
j and men to lift "your hats and from youi
hearts offer silent thanks to the Al-
I mighty."
In an instant all hats were off, all head«
bowed, and our brave boys stood be
neath the opened heaven in .silent prayer.
Lips, not hearts, were moved. Who carj
tell the audience heaven gave to these
united petitions! The Great Father of
I Mercies bowed down his ear, whilfe at his
I right hand the interceding Savior pre
sented the petition that the Spirit Inter
cessor had called from the hearts of his
children. Not wholly lost is this wicked
j world of ours when such Eden flowers
; spring up amid its awful horror of war.
1 This prayer has sounded the key note of
I our country's final triumph, and marif, the
I heart of our beloved America throb with
1 a new h«>;>e. Who knows but that it
! prompted the overburdened heart of our
beloved President to send a call for
prayer throughout our land. Let us praise
God for a Christian President, and let all
from the least to the greatest bow be
fore the Almighty Ruler of earth and
heaven in obedience to his call.
OLIVER C. MILLER,
Pastor Pentecost Mission.
Sickness in Camp.
Sickness at Camp Merritt is rapidly on
the increase. One hundred and twenty
men from the ranks of the Fifty-first
lowa alone answered sick call yesterday
morning. There are 65 of the men of the
regiment receiving hospital attention.
South Dakota has 70 sick, and though
practically an acclimated regiment, the
Seventh California has 17 in the hospital
and as many more in quarters. Montana
has about 30 In the hospital and more
than that number sick in charters. The
134 beds of the field hospital are all in
use. as are the 35 beds allowed by the
French Hospital. Without exception all
of the heads of the diuerent medical
corps n-port a daily increase in the sick
list and the death rate.
Three of the deaths of the past two
weeks are due to typhoid fever, while al
most all of the rest resulted from pneu
monia or cerebro-spinal meningitis.
Troops Coming.
The First Regiment of New York Vol
unteers will, after all, go to the Philip
pines instead of Cuba. The regiment
started from New York City yesterday
for San Francisco.
A party of 25*> recruits for the Tenth
Pennsylvania will arrive here next Sun
day morning, and will be sent to join
their regiment at Manila as soon as pos
sible.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
n&TZn 88 88 Si !2 82 SS a S2 SS a 83 a
jBB IT PAYS TO TRADE IK THE MISSION. SI
I ALASKA DRY AIR |S
§ REFRIGERATOR. 2
i 8 . .. ,  . „ . 83
„. ■ Antique oal^finish, heavy zinc lining, c«
* air circulates thoroughly around the ice c-
|£ box; always keeps fresh and sweet if £?
| *° properly cared for; an economizer of ice. *"
I 88 Will pay for itself in one summer by the *&
j •* amount of food it saves from spoiling. 88
[a " . ■ ; S2B
ssl: ;@ w Pti v If i .ss
SS fe T fir I'ftl I 1 88:
ss jn j .>l^!j|f E - ; a '
-«>-• ..- .. .. .-. . '. *'
ot Small size, 2 feet 1 Inch^Q H»rv M
i; wide, 3 feet 2 inches high. tJ>C*«OU II
• a ; Medium size. 2. feet 3 inches ' | « f\{\ ""
88 wide, 3 feet 6 inches high. H«UvF SS
o« Large size, 2 feet. 7 inches 1 Q FZ.f\ :s*:: 5* :
*^ ■V wide. 4 feet high........... lOtuU * 3
*° V.'* guarantee satisfaction; will refund *^
:SS your money If you want it. Big assort- SS
j» ment. Send for special catalogue.. ' c«
|J PATTOSIEN'S, I
gj ' Corner Sixteenth and Missior»,Sts. c»
Ia a ss aaaBB a a a"a aa 8 a 'a
FOR
"Si FINE TAILORING
/wM PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
|M . WORKMANSHIP, at
WWBsffl 25 per. cent Less than Othei
tFIHE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
( . WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Othei
Tailors Charge, Goto
-W-;JOE:fOHEIM
/M W All Woo! Suits to &irt , fl» op
/ HI 5 ' Order from4>|/ t0 4>OC
U^i 1 Pantsfrom .. . $4toslo4 to $l0
t 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and S4Q Market St.,
| flip and: 112 Market St. San Francisco
DR.MCNULTT
on,- V l ' ""■ v M'nily Power iestore.l Over
&JS? SSSL'ia Hend for *>&?5£ ft£m
daflv-c -m to" % -I.™ 3 .reasonable. . Honr«. 9to 8
ROStOK MfSBWT. W. IK.
«|BJi KEAKNY ■ STREET, SAN \ rRANCISOO, Oil,ESCAPED
A SPANISH
GUNBOAT
The Pennsylvania Very
Nearly Captured.
THREATENED AT MONTEVIDEO
SHE STEAMED AWAY UNDER
COVER OF DARKNESS.
The Temerario, a Torpedo Boat De
stroyer Designed to Intercept
the Oregon, the Vessel
Feared.
The steamship Pennsylvania which ar
rived here from Philadelphia Sunday
morning was In immediate danger of be
ing blown up by a Spanish torpedo boat
lyer when entering and leaving Mon
0, and the ■ fficers and men are con
gratulating themselves that they were
ahlo to elude the war vessel.
The Spanish citizens of Montevideo
raised $1,000,000 early in the war and fitted
up the Temerario, a 200 foot and 22 knot
as a torpedo boat destroyer. The
avowed intention of the vessel
was to intercept and, If possible,
destroy the Oregon. Being unsuc
ful in this, the Temerario
has been cruising about near Montevideo,
S into that port every day or two.
B ly before the arrival of the Pennsyl
vania, ii was learned that there wan" a
: hatched by the officers of the Span
ish boat, to destroy one of the twelve
American sailing vessels in the port. The
United States consul heard of the plot
and asked the protection of the Argentine
Republic authorities fur the American
s. The result of his request was
that the Temarario was ordered out <>f the
harbor and 1 « ft on .May 15, ihe day be
fore the Pennsylvania arrived.
When the steamer came into the har-
Dor the United States consul came aboard
and congratulated Captain Dozman on
his having been successful in escaping an
encounter with the Spanish vessel. The
wife and daughter of the consul were
with him on the ship a good portion of
Ly at Montevideo and expressed
great delight at being able to stand once
under the American Hag. They said
that while they received good treatment
from the authorities a good many of the
are Spanish and there is constant
danger of trouble.
The English paper at Montevideo pub
lished a translation from a Spanish sheet,
mcc of which was that, while
emerarlo had failed to capture the
• ivania as she entered the port the
: the American vessel was im
ile should she attempt to leave
This, together with the rumors and nu-
I - warnings the Americans received
extremely fearful lest their
ship should be destroyed. It was decided
that an attempt should be made to leave
Rguislng the ship. The smokestack
1 down, changes made in the
rigging, and on a dark night, ten days
the arrival at Montevideo, the
sylvania started out of the harbor
at full speed, which was kept up until all
n encounter with the torpedo
ser was past.
The Pennsylvania had a hard time of it
she reached Montevideo, which
was ' for putting into that port.
hen miles south of there a se
whicfa soon proved to be a cy
clone, was encountered. Large quantities
of water were shipped, and the officers
at they never experienced more se- |
weather. During the storm such
s done to the machinery in the
engine-room that the vessel was helpless.
rifted for five days, and the captain ',
at one time contemplated sending out a
k aid from land. The machin
ery w - finally patched up so that a slow
trip could be made to Montevideo, where
were made.
single vessel was sighted during
■ re trip, and the first authentic '■
■ the war was that received from
t outside, of San Francisco.
MORE MONEY FOB SOLDIERS.
Congress to Be Petitioned to Double
the Pay of the Boys in Blue.
solution was adopted at a meeting
of the Patriotic Home Helpers held yes
terday stt the Occidental Hotel to peti
tion Congress to pass a bill doubling the
salary now given soldiers and sailors and i
providing a means by which half or at j
I fraction of the money can be paid ■
to the families of soldiers dependent upon
them for a livelihood.
l.< tt<=Ts have been received by the soci
ety from Timothy Hopkins, X. K. Mas
ten and Mr. Lilienthal of the Crown Dis
tilleries, congratulating the members on
noble work ami expressing sympn
thy and interest in their efforts to help
tmilies of the soldiers gone to the
The following donations -were received
by the society yesterday afternoon: X. K.
Masten $20. N. B. Shotwell S3. Mrs. R.
Lambert Jl 50. Mrs. Gavin McNab $1 50.
Mrs. M. V. Baldwin $1 50, Mrs. M. M. Bar
nett $1, M. H. 11. chr $20. B. R. Ilecht 110
Timothy Hopkins $50, Mary Cullan $50,
Carrie Thompson 50 cents, Mary Thomp
son 50 cents. Appraiser's Department $30.
■ • »
In the Divorce Courts.
Josephine Rf-pll was granted a divorce
from h'-r husband, John . Regll, by
Juuge Belcher yesterday. The decree was ;
granted on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Myrtle Baker was granted a divorce from
()• orge L. Uaker, on the ground of willfulj
Uon. Klmer L. Patterson has supd*'
his wife, Katie Patterson, for a divorce
The plaintiff alleges Infidelity as a cause j
of action. Alice Green has applied for a i
divorce from Samuel Green, on the I
ground of fnilure to provide.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
n were filed by George D. Bailey
' Effle C. Bailey, and Mollie Crow
•; r against George Crowder. Fannie M.
Austin is the last on the list of appli
cants for divorce. She asks for a divorce
from Frank <J. Austin, by reason of de
fendant's failure to provide her with the
larles <>f life.
Preparing for the Election.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners held
yesterday morning it was reported -by the
Registrar that the State Central commit
tees of the several parties were progress
ing rapidly in the matter of designating
the political affiliations of the eligible
ns wbpee names were taken from
-merit roll to serve as election
officers.
Registrar Blggy was instructed to con
fer with lending dealers relative to the
furnishing of election supplies. He was
also Instructed to draw specifications as
to the articles needed, and to invite bids
from the several dealers.
_« ♦ ■
The Day's Fires.
An alarm was turned in from box 183
at 11 o'clock yesterday morning for a fire
in the three-story frame building at 108
Ninth str<vt, owned by William Zinn and
occupied as a bakery by Brand & Lerner.
The damage was $1500 and the blaze was
I Ly sparks from a chimney.
Hox 76. at 5 o'clock, was for a blaze in
the three-story fnimc lodging-house at
17 Polk Btreet, owm-d by Dr. Nightingale
and occupied by Bertha Low. • The flre
■ i from the chimney and caused $20
damage.
Mayor Phelan Takes a Rest.
Mayor Phc-lan, who has for some time
past been suffering from throat troubles,
left tho city Wednesday evening for an
extended stay at Lake Tahoe. Hie phy
sicians believed that ;. change of climato
and rest would do more toward securing
relief for him than medicine. The report
firculatod yesterday that Mayor Phelan
was seriously ill is without foundation.
THE CRYSTAL BWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub ana swimming bathi, North Beach.
NEW PENSION AGENT.
JESSE B. FULLER, Late Bank Commis
sioner. Nominated by the President.
Another deserving San Franciscan has been honored by President Mc-
Kinley.
News was yesterday received from Washington to the effect that the
Executive had nominated Jesse B. Fuller for the position of Pension Agent
in this city. Mr. Fuller's name was sent to the Senate and will without
doubt be confirmed.
Until March last Mr. Fuller was one of the local Bank Commission
ers. He was succeeded by John Markley. He has held various other posi
tions of trust, and always with credit. Mr. Fuller is an old soldier, and was
once grand commander of the Grand Army of the Republic, which body,
by the way, indorsed him heartily for the office to which he has just been
appointed.
COURSING OFFICIALS
ARE STILL AT OUTS
CONTROL CF INGLESIDE PARK
YET IN DISPUTE.
Mrs. "Jack Dalton and the Donovan
Faction Have Not Reconciled
Their Differences.
Notwithstanding the statements that
matters have been arranged satisfactorily
among the various parties at interest in
Ingleside Coursing Park, such is not the
case apparently. No change has taken
place in the management of the park and
the sport will be conducted to-morrow
and Sunday as it has been during the
past two years.
Harry Brennan, brother of Mrs. John
P. Dalton, who owns a half-interest in
the park, said yesterday: "The published
statement that the Inter-state Coursing
Club will handle the sport at Ingleside is
not true. How can the club make ar
rangements to assume control when our
people, who own a half interest in the
property, 'have not been consulted in the
matter?
"I am sorry to see that Dominion
Shannon, Mr. Halpin, Mr. Elmer, Mr.
Grace and the so-called Inter-state Cours
ing Club would lend themselves to this
scheme, knowing well that it is only one
more trick of the cunning Donovan to de
prive the widow of the late John P. Dal
tion of her just rights. She is no party
whatever to any such arrangement.
"She has not been consulted In .the
matter, although owning a half interest
in Ingleside Coursing Park. I deny Dono
van's assertion, flatly, that he has ever
come to the lady or her lawyers. Sulli
van & Sullivan, and offered his interests,
as has been stated.
"He did make an offer to Mrs. Dalton
for her interest in the park, but this offer
was contingent upon the park paying a
profit for a whole year, or Mrs. Dalton
was not to receive a cent. This was Mr.
Donovan's proposition. The offer was re
jected, as it was not considered a busi
ness proposition. The park is now on a
paying basis. Whatever Mr. Donovan
has offered has had a string to it. If he
and his friends, composing the Inter
state Coursing Club, desire to conduct
the park on their lines they can only do
so after purchasing the interest of Mrs.
Dalton."
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Cal]
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
READY FOR THE CEREMONY.
Final Preparations Completed for
Laying the Cornerstone of the
New Youths' Directory.
The necessary preparations for the com
ing ceremony of laying the cornerstone
of the Youths' Directory, which will be
held on Sunday afternoon, July 17, have
been completed, and the programme for
the day outlined. James R. Kelly, who
has been a prominent and influential
member of the committee appointed to
arrange the preliminary work of the com
ing ceTemony, at a recent meeting of the
assembled representatives of nearly
every religious denomination In the city,
announced in detail the entire pro
gramme. The oration will be delivered
by Father Prendergast, V. G., from St.
Mary's Cathedral, at 4 o'clock. Professor
J. W. McKenzie will arrange the music
for the; occasion, and will personally train
the 600 voices now being tested at the
Kohler & Chase Hall.
In addition to burying the customary
relics in the cornerstone of the new home,
J. li. Mclntyre, who has charge of the
League of the Cross Cadets, will endeavor
to arrange a souvenir, depicting almost
all of the American naval vessels that
fought in the battle of Manila and San
tiago, with miniature portraits of their
commanders.
The following societies will participate
in the parade, which will be formed at
the corner of Tenth and Howard streets,
preparatory to marching to the site of the
new directory:
The Hibernians of San Francisco and
Alameda counties, numbering in all 2000;
San Francisco Council No. 7, Strosmayer
Council No. 460 and Cathedral Council
No. 69, of the Young Men's Institute;
Knights of the Red Branch, Gentlemen's
Sodality from St. Ignatius church, St.
Vincent de Paul's Society from St.
Joseph's parish, St. Peter and St. Paul's
Society from St. Boniface church, St.
Joseph's Society from the German Cath
olic church. Young Men's Society from
St. Dominic's church. Confraternity of
the Holy Family from the Italian church,
members of the Mission Turn Verein, and
members from various other societies, to
report later.
The following representatives from the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1808.
other societies were added to the va
rious committees at the last meeting:
Mpf.ts. Jasi^r Mueller, H. P. Budde, George
Buecker, M. S< hwamm, Robert Trost, AlfreS
Wysß, Joseph W. sjheid. Leo Ountz, Jacob
Frank, August Vetter, I'harles Martlzen, F. L.
Ountz, Lycett, D. M. Fitzgerald, \V. H. Hoff
mann, K. J. O'Rorke, Martin ODea, Frank
Kierce, Dr. O. K. Steers, John E. Fltzpatrlck,
James P. Dignan, It. O'Driscoll, John Spottig
wood. J. 'U. McDonald Sr., James Regan, D.
M. Buckley, Dr. James F. Smith, Lawrence
Walsh, Frank J. Burke, .Tudpe M. Cooney, P.
J. Kelleher, Captain M. J. Wren.
■ m ■
Turnbund Adjourned.
The North American Turnbund which
has been In session in this city during the
past three days concluded its labors yes
terday afternoon and adjourned to • meet
two years hence* in Philadelphia.
The ladies, of the German families, in
this city spared no time or expense in
providing the delegates with a true San
Francisco hospitality, especially at the
lunch hour, when groaning tables waited
their pleasure in the' large assembly room
at Turners' Hall on Turk street. ■
San Jose will. have the pleasure of en
tertaining the members to-morrow and
Sunday, after which they will head home
ward.
—■» ■ '
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dust
by
Dr. Pillsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
■ m •
Dewey Republican Club Meets.
The Dewey Republican Club held a
meeting at its headquarters, 14 McAllister
street, last evening, and transacted busi
ness of importance. President H. D.
Mitchell occupied the chair and John
Choice acted as secretary. Colonel D. G.
Dexter was unanimously elected first
vice-president; Louis Cohn, corresponding
secretary; and J. E. Poindexter, C. A.
Douglas, P. H. Gallagher, E. F. Brown,
Henry Mayers, Dennis Sheehan and P.
Wynn were elected members of the execu
tive committee. The matter of electing
eighteen vice-presidents, one from each
district, was laid over until next meeting.
United Labor Party.
At a meeting of the State Committee of
the United Labor Party last night it was
decided to put a full ticket in the field at
the coming election. The time and place
of holding the State convention will be
decided at the next meeting of the com
mittee. Candidates will be pledged to
Bupport the government ownership of
public utilities. Resolutions were passed
commending the stand taken by Labor
Commissioner Fitzgerald and The Call and
Examiner in the matter of the Chinese
made uniforms for the volunteers.
Andy Clunie Feels Hurt.
Andy Clunio, Insurance Commissioner,
swore to complaints before Judge Conlan
. , ADVERTISEMENTS.
000 000 COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 000 0000 Oo
i PERMANENT imp
o . ' ■■ °
5 CURES.
o . o
° The staff of the English and German Expert Specialists is composed ©
® 'of five skilled physicians, each a specialist for one or more diseases. O
® Every one of these five doctors is a regular graduate from the best medical ©
5 schools in America. Four of them have a diploma from leading European O
q medical colleges. In addition to these advantages each member of the O
q staff of the English and German Expert Specialists has had many years of®
© special training in the hospitals of two continents, besides having success- **
O fully practiced among families before taking up the all-important work of
© the specialists. :.* When a cure is .#*gß'x fc . Q
© undertaken the entire staff consults, J \^ d^dj^^. O
° making no extra charge whatever C^f^> |B1 f -^S ©
° for their opinion. In compounding Jt^ JtfJ fiV«^ |s °
;? their remedies this great institution ",: Mjß&Jm/ '•'.. ui^^* *l$ ®
n uses only the purest roots, herbs, ***?^^ r G
o gums, leaves and flowers. No atgpTv'^tfiyfr* **&***. " L
q deadly minerals are ever dispensed. /yr^^^S* *!\^S— Xi^K. o
q Coosultatlon Free at Office r%^?Pr4S» O
2 Thousands cured at home. Symp- Ml ]j\ '-'-^tW/ • y •■' ili °
!? torn blanks and book for men or ' Kjf IS st^ —^jl^L 1 « 4«"l- B ®
® women free to any address. "I l : » • ■wLT^^yjKiffl^? *5? if ■' O
° English and German . • Bl^W* \Wsfcs' ■ ' - o<
o Expert Specialists, A2|ik Ww^ §
9 .. 731 Market St.; San Francisco. YviT^' Vfe^ o
° o
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
yesterday for the arrest of Edwin H.'Ba
cun and John G. Edwards, proprietors of
the Coast Review, a monthly insurance
paper, on the charge of libel.
» » » .•
AMATEUR BOXERS.
Gus Koster Defeats Recomi in the
Gymnasium of San Francisco
Athletic Club.
The monthly boxing exhibition of the
San Francisco Athletic Club provided rare
sport last night. The principal bout waa
for six rounds between Gus Koster and
George Recomi.
The police stopped It in the fifth round,
as Koster was making a chopping-block
out of his lighter opponent. In the first
three rounds Recomi made a gallant
stand against unequal odds as to weight.
From that point to the finish he lost
ground.
The bout between William Dean and
William Dierks was declared a draw after
six rounds of fast fighting. Dierks was
plucky, and overcame a strong lead which
nis opponent gained in the earlier rounds.
The first preliminary bout was of three
rounds' duration between a brace of light
weights, Perry and Kay. ■ The boys
warmed to their work in the first round
and were at It, hammer and tongs,
throughout the three rounds. »
Ennis and McCarthy boxed three short
rounds. The former, who is one of the
hardest hitting feather-weights on the
coast, toyed with his opponent. He is
muscled like a lightweight, and is a natu
ral fighter. He hustled McCarthy all over
the ring, and the three rounds hardly
made an exercise gallop for him.
Republican Clubs Are Active.
The United Railroad Republican Club
held an enthusiastic meeting at Washing
ton Hall. 35 Eddy street, last evening.
There was a large attendance. Two hun
dred and eighty paid applications were
entered In their roll book, making a total
membership of 400. The programme for
the evening comprised the following: The
War Medley, by the Market Street Rail
way Band, composed by Will Ramsey; a
speech on political economy by H. G.
Davis, sings and recitations by F. Lane,
Mr. Robertson, Louis Yollup, P.«J. Man
ning and Mr. Will. Ramsey.
Thumped a Sailor.
A. Croskey, first officer of the American
Bteamshlp Pennsylvania, was arrested by
United States Marshal Shine yesterday
on a warrant charging him with beat
ing and wounding: George Larson on tha
high seas on May 3L
APPORTIONMENT OF
STATE SCHOOL FUNDS
Superintendent Black Announces the
Portions Due the Several
Counties.
SACRAMENTO, July B.— The State
Superintendent of Public Instruction has
apportioned the State school moneys to
the several counties as follows:
Total number of census children, 340,952;
amount per child, $3 14; amount apportioned,
$1,070,589 2S; amount unapportioned, $1048 11.
Census Amount
Counties— Children. Apportioned.
Alameda ~ 29,710 $93.259 40
Alpine 89 279 46
Amador 2,920 9,163 80
Butte 4.253 18,448 62
Calavera 2.815 8,839 10
Colusa 2,172 6,820 OS
Contra Costa 3.513 11,972 82
Del Norte ....; 553 1,752 12
El Dorado 2,222 7,008 48
Fresno /.... 7,636 23,977 04
Glenn 1,335 . 4,191
Humboldt 6,601 20,727 14
Inyo 979 3,074 06
Kern 8,090 9,702 60
Kings 2,206 6,926 M
Lake 1.723 6,410 22
Lassen 1,083 3.416 32
Las Angeles 40,25* 126,397 66
lUdeim 1.470 4,61.". SO
Maria 2,799 . S.7SB SB
Mariposa 1,110 3,513 68
Mendocino « 5,012 15.737 68
Merced 2,050 • . •• 6,465 26
Modoc 1.352 4,339 48
Mono 374 1,174 35
Monterey 5,350 16,799 00
Nairn . 3,640 11,423 60
Nevada 4,112 . 12,911 68
Orange 5.197 16,318 5S
Placer 3.34S 10,512 72
Plumas 977 3.067 7*
Riverside ~ 4,524 14,105 M
•Sacramento 8,688 V, 26,872 12
San Benlto 2,032 .■ 6,380 48
Fan Bernardino 6,405 , 20,111 70
San Diego ........: 8,477 V,\ 16,617 78
San Francisco .'... 74.840 '•"•" 234,997 60
San Joaquln -7,651" 24.024 14
San- Luis Oblspo ............ 5,45 d-. , .17,235.46
San-Mateo .....'2,861 8,983 54
Santa Barbara 4.927 15.470 7S
Santa Clara 13,714 43.061 M
Santa Cruz 5,591 17,555 74
Shasta 3,668 12,143 62
Sierra 847 " 2,659 68
Siskiyou 3,413 10,716 82
Solano 4.659 14.620 20
Sonoma 9,047 28,407 38
Stanislaus 2,373 7,451 22
Putter 1,333 4,185 61
Tehama 2,692 8,452 88
Trinity 738 2.317 32
Tuliire '. 6.3 M 16,896 34
Tuolumne 1.790 5,620 60
Ventura 8.885 12.198 90
Tolo : .-.# 3,413 ' 10.716 82
Yuba .... 2.101 6,597 14
• Totals 340.952 $1,070,589 2S
. ;•; .» ■ ♦ ■ ,
. Smith Wins on Fouls.
BUFFALO, July 7.— Solly Smith of Los
Angeles and Billy O'Donnell of Memphis
met here to-night in a twenty-round mill,
to determine the feather-weight cham
pionship. In the seventh round O'Don
nell committed two palpable fouls, arid
was warned, and when he repeated the
act in the next round the decision was
given to Smith. In the few rounds fought
the boyß mixed it up pretty lively, but no
damage was done.
Alice Rix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
■ m ■
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS. _
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 7— Schr Ida
McKay, hence June 21.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July T.
Rtmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 48 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr Nettie Low, Matson, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
■| T '..., '"''..—/" ' ' " ' " ■"' ' " •..-'■■•■•'•'■'-••■■-■-• ""-"•-• ■"•"• "- ""• '
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
/ .
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling. Billiards. Croquet,
Handball. Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel, cottages. $10 to $13
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
. t - BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth St.. San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, Cal.
y ; Pamphlets mailed free. .
£&£ SANTA . .
CATALINA
• America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the . world. - The . wonderful Marine Gardens;
the 'great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; t novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
i nics: WRter carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
v ' " _ .' mana cement.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for.
campers.
■ Full Information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal. .
SARATOGA SPRING
Lake County, -
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor or in San Francisco. 416 Pine street, P.
,A. BUSSE. .. - '
PABAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal. .
For rest, health - ard pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market st. S. F.. $8; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON; Manager.
01/lAAO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
VI fill Hi \ " inly 4% hours from S. F. and
UIXnUvU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain ecenery; excellent climate: good trout
streams at door: photographers* room: tele-
phone telegraph, daily mall: FIRST-CLASS
VICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from 8. F. only $5 50; take Tlburoa
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. .Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULOREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS Virginia City, before June 1, when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. r
This delightful watering - place Is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, . livery accommodation; ;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110. - : ■•
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
3. WALLACE SPAULDINO. Manager. , - v
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, four
miles from GlenwooJ, County of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1900
feet Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage line BOc,
over a mountain boulevard, .where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
scenery » Address L. PERHACS. Olenwood.
HOTEL BEN VENUE,'
Lakep<»rt, Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake: fine
large grounds: special facilities for families
and children: home cooking boating, bathing,
fishing- rates reasonable. - Address - FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. ■■::'
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
: Most wonderful ..waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured; In marvelously short time; kid-
Bey liver, catarrh, rheumatism ; and stomach ,
troubles immediately relieved; ; rates $10 to JIS
per week. ! Long-distance telephone. Address
5. A. HAYS. Proprietor. Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
• Two miles from Hopland, unequaled soda
and magnesia spring; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages: terms *10 to «1S"- per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HO WELL.
; Proprietor. Hopland. Cal. : . . ,
.. LOCH LOMOND,
New. house; nicely • furnished; : hard-finished
rooms: good table ; i everything ■ neat : and i clean ;
3 minutes from depot: rates $7 to $10 per week;
postofflce, etc. ;C. H." WILLIAMS, Ben Lo-
mond. ..Cal. ..;;>;.. : ; "S "> - ''-•;' :'/,:'-■';-*'..' :.;'i::;.;f
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe), s elevation : 6507 1 f eeet, : opens Juns
1 v Fine • accommodations. : , Cottages with ■ pri-
vate baths and : open • fires." Table unsurpassed.
B. R. rates. ; $12 60 for ROUND TRIP. t J. 8.
ÜBBT. room L Flood building. Saa Francisco. I
IF YOU...
r .- . I Are seeking for a de-
>^"V\ Ughtful and healthful
i^Tjff?^ f~n)L resort for the summer
i ■^-j^ga^!-! '■ Jrlk months for your family.
P£sB§SrT not so remote from
'mm \ '-aWs? town but that you can
i} s ''lviLiiiy'3t'i*f\ be with them without
i 1 "' *• ~'~J neglecting your busi-
nee«.
IF YOU . . . . . Are in search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
only I*4 hours" travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening;
IF IT IS . . . . Your wish to confine
I your summer's outing by a .moderate outlay.
j your attention is directed to ;
! Haywards Park, at the . Terminus of the Oakland,
Ban Leandro and Haywarcls Electric Railway.
OR IF YOU • . Are fo.id of tenting,
here you will find a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
| hotel dining room, on one of which you may
1 erect your tent.
A choice musical programme is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
I club house. The cars of the company run
I into the park. The monthly commutation rate
is only $.■; room and board, $8 per week; board
for tampers, $3 per week. Campers and room-
ers have the ram« service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywards
Club House. '
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
v ~f^^ OAKLAND,
<cf^m^sS&^ an( * efferson stSi
Kil&^rtfl lSfcui^Ssl'l Only 35 minutes
'P^MiiSltM : Cisco. Saa Fran *
r )ltnft,|lj'ji A Desirable Summer
v i^^^l^J^& - - and Winter Resort for
'■■■•..;.'."/. Families, Traveler
R. M. BRIARE, Prop, and Tourists.
The Place for O "D rill AT> In the TOOT-
RESTand ORCHARD *--.«>.
HEALTH SPRINGS S|
Plain, Quiet Retreat, Finest Scenery. Water,
' Mountain Air, Fruit, and all the Tear
: Around Climate in California.
i Ideal grounds and surroundings. On R. R.,l36.milesfm S.F.
$8 week. Open all year, send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
I hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and ■ fishing;
finest hall -and • dining-room In Santa Cms
Mts.: club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished end elegantly . furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South Ben
Lomond. ' •
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. ' New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating.- Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Freshmllkand fruit. Livery
connected. $8 week. R. H. BANFILL. Prop.
/§7<4<m Vi No staging to get there.
' ' /B^liriyl • no ■ tog - mosquitoes cr ;
A~jLj i-flflt* winds when you . are :
! *■ ■^^ there. Table unsurpassed.
• . Hates ClO, $12. $14 a week.
/"? ■•. • v-'u--. . Round trio tickets $7. W.
W-rf^-JMtfl/irC* 1- Mitchell, Manager:
JpilflgS f - v - ° wen « Agent CaU
UUI aIISLO Building.
HOWARD SPRINGS,
fia p▼▼ A 11 LAKE COUNTY
IM.XJ ▼▼ /^.fi\LlL# LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $S $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postof flee and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office, (11
Market street.
Address re * ■ MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet:
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four houis from Telephone. ■ .
E. ANGWIN, Anpwin. Napa County. Cal..
Uriftnn I nrv And good treat-
U'JVI/ LULU ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL OISELMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS,
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address OOUL-
■ DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. • Placer Co.. Cal. '--•".
*TT — ~~" : : ~ : ! •-.■■. ~~~9
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious !lmn:e; pip. I
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure !
spring water; beautiful . drives; pine groves; j
lawns : and gardens. ■ The best advantages for :
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and j
health culture in a short time. Address lit.
Helena San?»arlum. Et. Helena. Cal.
/■-■ :, ~~~~~~' • ••- ■>.■■.■'■- .'.-.-■ :, . •.:...,- ; -:
AGUA CALIENTE SPRIGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via rib- I
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub I
baths. Hotel completely remodeled £nJ refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Hates $10 to I
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA C ALI- |
ENTE SPRINGS. A*ua Caliente. Sonoma Co..
CaL ..•,.':■:.&•.■.•. ..: -~.,,, -.-■: • -. . .- . . - . . : . .
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. • Pleasant '
■walks , through shady canyons. Hunting and j
fishing-. Table i supplied : with . fresh ' vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and. eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot; $7 j
per week: JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale. Cal. j
PLANTATION HOUSE, -
Eighteen miles i from " Cazadero, on -stags ' line.
Good - trout . fishing, .' plenty . fruit, cream and
milk; -I free • conveyance '. for parties of two or i
more; grand "■ redwood . scenery. ; Address J. '
LUTTRINGER. Sea view, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F,. lor par-
ticulars. :.'-.;;•;■
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
;C'-:"''!.;v'--\ ;; ; . :~ r :.'"'——-- ' > ■■:■ ;• ■
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes>
, wick, bislilycu County. CaJ. : ;y . :
El Paso de Robies Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
Ifeß
»|-iS^*'l»l lii »Mf' • •4fl—^**TT~-' ft ~ 111 1 l< M if7
' GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
lIGHLAi SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FO»
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all klnda of amuse-
; ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
: ing alley. First-class accommodations; rate*
' reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
San Francisco office, SIS Montgomery atr««c.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
sw.lmming pool; billiards, shuffle -board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class:
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN. •
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elecaoe
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATH 3.
Tepid Swimming wake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. 110 and 115 per week: $2 and {2 50 per
flay. R. 11 HORTON. Proprietor.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevatlou 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to :
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. Cat.
CALAVERAS^ BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way .to Jamestown. Fare S. F. to Caiaveraa
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 30 Montgomery street.
TO the country we go— We will meet yon at
the depot; good accomodations: desirable lo-
cation; terms $7; children $3 60. E. It SHEL-
FORD. Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale, Cal.
COUNTRY board near Sonoma: private fam-
ily;, good home; terms reasonable.- MRS. F.
CHELINI, Sonoma.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. -
T.HE
WEEKLY
071 LL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of t)»
2 '» ' News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
■J PACIFIC COAST *
©< \ "T /
3 \ / '
~) The Best \ / Mining
°J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on s\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / up to data
3 7 \__
©( , Not a Line of it Sensational
q/ or Faky, and Not a Line of '.".
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
©< Bright, Clear., I A Champion of ■
2J • Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
2 ALLIHETSML
3IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
~) HOME MAIL, Sl.3i i
C>i INDUSTRIES . 1 4 YEAR.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Lucol and Linseed Oil lower.
Silver declined.
Wheat weak and dull.
Barley somewhat lower.
Oats. Corn and Rye dull. >
Hay getting very scarce here.
Brand and Middlings unchanged.
Beans dull but steady.
Hop crop reported damaged.
Prune crop not looking as well.
Potatoes firm; Onions unchanged.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs as before.
Another car of Eastern Poultry In.
Peaches advancing. Apricots gelling very
high. ■
Lemons lower.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs weaker. (
Shipment of $876,540 to China.
TREASURE SHIPMENT. .
The Coptlo took out a treasure list of $876.
640. consisting of $734,250 in Mexican dollars,
$105,690 In gold coin, $2000 in nickels and dimes.
$26,000 In sliver bullion and $600 in Chilean
pesos.
RECEIPTS OF MEXICAN SPECIE.
Receipts of Mexican specie at this port dur
ing the first half of the year were $1,826,050.
against $2 517.50S during the same time in 1597
and consisted of $1,153,471 in silver dollars.
$302,792 In silver bullion and $369,517 in gold bul
lion.
GOVERNMENT MONEY IN SAN FRAN
CISCO.
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
"United States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand June 30. 1898, as follows: ,„„.„„
United States notes $ 18.00" 5?
Treasury notes of IS3O 21.000 00
National Bank notes .J'SsJ XA
Gold certificates 302.3b0 00
Silver certificates Eg'S?? 00
Gold coin 13.502,313 90
Standard silver dollars 26,040. -.-> 00
Subsidiary silver coin -";'•;'*- i?
Minor coin l'- & 3a 28
Total $10,450.00S 31
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
in the month of June were as follows: _
Standard silver dollars S.sn.o^
Subsidiary silver 1 01 - 093
Total $261,035
...
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 7. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka 58, Fresno 104. Los Anereles S2. Red
Bluff 98. Independence 90. San Plego 74. Sacra
mento 92. San Luis < >bispo 76, Yuma I'M.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum 60,
minimum 4S, mean 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast and also
ever X!tah. An area of high pressure lies over
Vancouver Island.
The temperature has risen In Utah. Eastern
Arizona, Oregon and Washington. It has re
mained nearly stationary over California.
Light showers have fallen at Carson City
an! Lo* Angeles.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July S. IS9R:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday; warmer
In extreme northwest; southerly, changing to
westerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; fresh
southwesterly winds.,
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; warmer north.
Utah— Fair Frld —
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco ar 1 vicinity— Cloudy Friday;
light southerly, changing to fresh westerly
•winds; warmer.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at 5 p. m.: cipar: wind southwest. 6 miles per
b"ur, temperature 73, maximum 74.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, July 7.— To-day's advance In
prices was probably intended as an admoni
tion to the bear party that they were not to
be allowed to have their own way in forcing
down prices even in the existing dullness of
speculation. To-day's buying gave no indication
that it crew out of an urgent desire for the
ownership of securities, but seemed rather an
organized effort to mark up prices. There was
come covering of short contracts induced by
the advance, but nothing to show that there
could be any large outstanding short Interest
In the market. The advance in Sugar may have I
been due to buying by shorts to realise their j
profits on the adoption of the Hawaiian annex
ation resolution by the Senate, and probably
the demand from this quarter Induced more
bidding of the stock to exert pressure on the
ehorts. The buying of the Vanderbilts was
clearly a professional manoeuver by large bull
Interests. The gain in these stocks ranged from !
1 to 2 points. The powerful sympathetic effect j
which this group always exercises on the bal
ance of the list was shown by general response j
to-day after the opening depression caused by
lower prices in London. When the short-lived
buying of the Vanderbilts ceased the general
list showed a slightly reactionary tendency, j
but not sufficient to wipe out the early gains.
The rushing up of prices is clearly designed to
invite outside interest in the market.
There were special movements of note in the
rubber. stocks, and Manitoba, which Is guar
anteed to yield 6 per cent by Great Northern,
sold ur> 4 points and was bid up before the
close 2 points further to 151. The pending ad
journment of Congress and renewed reports that
Spain was about to sue for peace, tended to
help the rise. Reports of railroad earnings
were also encouraging, handsome advances be
ing shown over the corresponding period of last
year outside the grain-carrying roads, on which
the traffic reached abnormal proportions.
Bonds were steady. Total sales $2,300,000.
Government bonds were unchanged throughout.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 201.200
shares. Including: 4255 Canadian Southern, 11,
860 Burlington, 6538 Manhattan, 17,850 New York
Central, 12,528 North American, 6160 Northern j
Pacific. 6000 Northern • Pacific preferred, 7154 I
Rock Island, 6120 St. Paul, 3575 Union Pacific
preferred, 11.759 American Tobacco. 8425 Peo
ple's Gas, 31,600 American Sugar and 3945 Rub
ber preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% Do prefd 149
Do prefd 33% St P & Om 77%
Baltimore & Ohio 14% Do prefd 151
Canada Pacific .. 83'>; 3t P M & M 151
Canada Southern. 63*4 3o Pacific 19*4
Cent Pacific 13% So Railway 8%
Ches & Ohio 22 7 Do prefd 30%
Chi & Alton 158 Texas & Pacific 12%
?hl 13 & 0 106 Union Pac prefd. 60
Chi & E 111 57% L" P D & G 6%
C C C & St L.... 41% Wahanh 7
Do prefd BSVi Do prefd 18%
Del & Hudson 107 Wheel & L E 1%
Del L & W 15S Do prefd 8%
Den & R G 12 Express Companies—
Do prefd 51 Adams Ex 99
Erie (new) 12% American Ex 127
Do let prefd 35% United States .... 40
Fort Wayne 170 Wells Fargo 116
Gt Nor prefd 126 Miscellaneous-
Hocking Valley... 6 A Cot Oil 21%
Illinois Central ... 106% Do prefd 74%
Lake l-.n* & W... 14 Amn Spirits 13%
Do prefd 71 Do prefd 3€>4
Lake Shore ...... 152% Am Tobacco 122
Louis & Nash 63% Do nrefd 120
Manhattan L 105% People's Gas ..... 99%
Met St Ry 168*4 Cons Gas 197
Mich Central 106% Com Cable C 0.... 160
Minn &St L 28 Col F & Iron 21%
Do Ist i.refd 8* Do prefd 90
Mo Pacific 3.V,4 Gen Electric 39%
Mobile & 0hi0... 25 Illinois Steel 67
Mo K& T 11 Laclede Gas ..... 43%
Do prefd 34% Load 34
Chi Ind & L 10 Di nrefd 10634
Do prefd 29% Nat Lin Oil • 16%
N J Central 52% Pacific Mall 29
N V Central 117% Pullman Palace... 2<M%
N V Chi & St L.. 12% Sliver Certificates 55%
Do Ist prefd .... 65 >tan<i R& T 5%
Do 2d prefd 32% Sugar 131%
Nor West 14 Do prefd 113
No Amer Co 6*. T C & Iron 23*4
No Pacific 29% U S Leather 7%
Do prefd 69% Do prefd ..." 66
Ontario & W 14% U S Rubber ..... 26
Dr R & Nay 49. Do prefd 90%
Dr Short Line..... 23 West Union 92%
Pittsburg 170 Chi & N W 120%
. Heading II Do prefd 171
Do Ist prefd.... 46",; 3t L & S W -;5 ■
Rock Island 96% Do prefd 10%
St Louis & S F.. 7% R G W 26%
Do Ist nrefd.... 61 Do nrefd 66
Do 2d prefd.... 2S«i ''hi Q W 14%
5t Paul »9%iHaw Com Co 24
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 4s re*.. 124% S* .1 C 5s 112
Do coup 124% N' Carolina 6s 125
V S 4s 110% Do 4s 102
Do coup ...110% No Pac lsts 115-
Do 2ds 85 Do 3s 62%
U S 5s reg .112% Do 4s 97%
Do 5s coup ..... 112% N' V C & St L 4s. 106
Dlstric 3.65s .'.*>,. 116 S'or & W 65.. 122%
Ala class A... 101% N'orthwstrn cons. 142
Do B 100 Do deb 55...... 116*4
Do C 90 O Nay lsts .111
Do Currency ... 90 a Nay 4.« 96
Atchlson 4s 93% 0 .S Line 6s tr.... 126
Do adj 4s 63 is Line 5s tr.... 104%
Can So 2ds 103% Pacific 6s of 95.. 101%
Chi Term 45...... 85% Reading 4r 83%
C & Ohio 5s 114 R(i W lßts 89
C H & D 4'iP.... 104% ?t L A I M C 6r. 97
Dft R Gists.... 101 St L&-S F Q 6s. 119
D & R G 45....... 93% 5t P Con 144
East Term lsts... 104% StPCSP lsts.. 11T%
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do 5s 115%
F W & D lsts tr. 74% 3o Railway 55.... 93%
Gen Elec 5s 103 ■• Stand R & T 6r.. 70 ■
OH &S A 65.... 105 Term Lew set 35.. 89
Do 2ds 102% r Pac L G lsts... 106%
H & T C 6s 110% Do Re 2d5....... 40%,
Do con 65......... 11l- Union- Pac 4s 96%
lowa C 15t5...;..'.' 101 UPD « G lsts.. 42%
MasdtoiHEri 'fj^anH^H^nrabMfiMiaaßifMinHißiMrf
La new cons 45.. 101 Wab Nlst 5s 110^4
L& N Unl 45.... 88H Do 2ds 86H
Mlsourl Cs 100 W Shore 4s 10S^
M X & T 2ds 64 Va Centuries 71
Do 4s 89% Do deferred ... 4
N V Central lsts. 116 tT P prefd 60
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 03 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 02iOphlr 10
Con Cal & Va 15 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 3o Quicksilver 1 (hi
Could & Curry... 05! Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross.. 40 1 Sierra Nevada ... 40
Homestake 45 00 Standard 150
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 10
Mexican 10
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
market here was dull and uninteresting to-day,
the continuance nf the war preventing any ex
pansion of business. The rise in market dis
count rates, and the gold withdrawals from the
Bank of England have temporarily checked the
demand for investment, but I think with to
day's efflux of £140.00 i) In German coin the de
cline Is nearing an end. It is reported that the
Transvaal has arranged a loan of £I,ooo,o<mi
privately. This sum, however, would only
render very temporary assistance.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, S6Vi; Grand Trunk, 8. Bar
sliver quiet, 27 3-16 d per ounce. Money H per
cent.
PARIS, July 7.— Spanish fours closed 32 97%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
9900 barrels; exports, 300 barrels. Steadily held;
business restricted by the break In Wheat.
WHEAT— Exports. 410,129 bushels. Spot.
steady; No. 2 red. 90Hc I. o. b. afloat. Options
| opened easy and were further depressed by un
! lea line both local and foreign, easier English
| cables and more liberal new Wheat movement
; in the Southwest. A final slight rally occurred
; on the export rumors, closed tiO%G ne * lower.
July. S2 / gs2 5-«o,5 -«o, closed S2c; September. 72 15-16®
74c, closed 73 l 4 c.
HOPS— DuII.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— Lead showed fairly well sustained
strength to-day, but Tin developed an easier
turn: other departments were devoid of Inter
esting new features. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGTßON— Warrant* dull and unchanged;
$6 r,O bid and $6 65 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged; $1176 bid and
$11 gm asked.
TlN— Dull and lower; $15 65 bid and $15 72%
asked.
SPELTER— DuII and nominal; $4 75 bid and
$5 asked.
LeaT)— Firm: $4 02% bid and $4 07% asked.
The firm naming the settling prices for leading
Western miners and smelters quotes Lead at
$3 SO. _k
COFFEE— Options closed stea#\ unchanged
to ". points higher. Sales, 5600 Hags. Including
July. $n 50: August. $5 66.
BITTER- Receipts. 6M9 packages. Firm:
Western creamery. 13%fi16%c, Elglns. 16f16%c;
factory. 12^12', c
EGrwu- Receipts, 5214 packages. Firm; West
ern. 12% c.
DRTED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 7.— California Dried
Fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6fV;
prime wire tray. 9c; choice. 9@9%c; fancy, 9%e.
PRUNES— 4®Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8%(ffl0c; Moorpark. 10®
12c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s©Be; peeled, 12%@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 7.— Fine weather and the be
lief that while the crop has suffered a good
deal of damage there will still be a phenom
enally large yield, started wheat weak. The
fact that Liverpool markets failed to respond
to the strength displayed here yesterday was j
discouraging and led' to liberal liquidation
by longs. After backing and filling for half
an hour at around opening figures some sell
ing orders from St. Louis gave the market a
more decided trend toward still lower figures.
From some items of news concerning crop
prospects the general crowd had become bear- 1
ishly impressed before the St. Louis selling '
orders came, bo that the appearance of a bear ,
leader found a well prepared band of willing I
followers. This, together with Snow's esti- |
mate of 700/I*. WO bushels of wheat crop, led
to free liquidation and shorts selling. Sep
tember dropped to 68V»c and July lost %c.
There was a slight rally near the close. For ;
the first time within the remembrance of any
member of the board there was not a carload
of wheat received here. July left off %c lower
and September lost l«l%c.
Rains in the southwest and aggressive sell
ing by parties who were buyers weakened
! corn. The shipping demand continued good.
July declined easy at the beginning with corn,
Oats were easy at the beginning with corn,
but closed firm on bullish crop reports. July
closed unchanged from yesterday. *
Another light run of hogs and an advance in
prices at the yards caused continued strength
in provisions. There was some outside specu
lative trade and a good demand both on foreign
and domestic account. Pork, rose 22% c. lard
12% c, ribs 15c. • - „ „
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close,
Wheat No. 1- 76 76*. 76 7RI ,
September «9 «V» 65% 68%
| December 65% 69 65% 68%
Corn No. —
julv 32% 32% 82% 32%
i September 32*. 33 32% 32%
December 33% 33% 33* 33%
Oats No. 2—
July 22% 22% 22% • 22% '
! September 20% 20% 20% 20% ;
May 23 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 973 990 975 990
September 9 87% 10 05 9 87% 10 06
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July . 5 37% 6 47% 6 37% . 5 47%
September 5 45 6 55 5 45 5 55
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ';
July 5 60
September 5 52% 5 62% 850 6 62%
Cash quotation? were as follows:
Flour, Blow; No.- 2 spring wheat, 80c: No. 3
pprtng wheat. 76@S0c; No. 2 red, SHe: No. 2
corn, 32Vic; No. 2 oats, 22% c; No. 2 white, 26c;
No. 3 white, 25c: No. 2 rye. 44c; No. 2 barley.
31©35 c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 04%: prime timothy
seed $2 CO: mess pork, per bbl. $9 66@? 70;
lard, per 100 lbs, $5 30@5 32%: short ribs sides
i (loose). $5 30©5 60; dry • salted shoulders
; (boxed), $4 60#4 75; short clear sides (boxed),
$5 7S®6 90. * ' _^
Articles— . * Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,400 4.700
Wheat, bushels 4.000 14,4^0
Corn, bushels 330.200 846,100 1
Oats, bushels 245,600 330,000
Rye. bushels 5,fi00
Barley, bushels 30,000 700 |
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady, creameries, 13%@16c; dai
ries, : 13c. Eggs, firm; fresh. 10% c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 32.340 21,500,
Duluth 14.027 60,520 |
Milwaukee 4.550 650.
Chicago 2.534 36,049 !
Toledo 4,850 6.600'
St. Louis 41000 6,000 1
Detroit •••■• 500 .......
Kansas City -. 14,000 21.500
Totals 113.861 152,819
Bo^on^r.
Boston 101. 25S
Now York • 410,129
Philadelphia ' 2.127
Baltimore 5,753 16.000
New Orleans . .;
Galveaton 3,850 .......
Totals 9.583 623.542
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 53 50 46 10
Closing ...54 85 46 10
Flour—
Opening 24 40 2125
i Closing ............24 95 2125
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
July. ' Sept. Dec.
Opening 6%- 5 10V*
Closing ...6 7% 5 11%. 5 9%
. EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. '
CHICAGO. July 7.— CATTLE— There was a
good demand for cattle to-day and prices
ranged 10'Trloe better. Choice steers, iss@s 35;
medium. $4 60^4 75; beef steers, $4@4 35, stock
ers and feeders, $3 50@3 75; bulls. $3@4 20; cows
and heifers. $3 15©4: calves, $3 'so® 6 90; West
ern steers, $1 20@5 35. •.:■;. .: \.
Advanced sc. Fair to choice, $3 90®
4 62; packers, $3 '003 87; butchers', $3 80@3 87;
mixed, ?3 75@3 97; light, $3 65@3 95; pigs, $3®
3 SO. . ,: ,
SHEEP— In poor demand at lower
prices. Common sheep, $2 6003 50; native mut
tons, $4 75<£T5: Westerns, $4 25@4 75; " ewes, $4@
4 25; spring lambs, $4 25fi4 90. -
Receipts— 9500; hogs, 24,000; sheep, 13,
000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. July 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4500. Market strong to 10c higher; native
steers, $3 75<§'5 10; Texas steers, $3@4 80; Texas
cows, $2 90^3 30; native cows and heifer*. $1 50
<J7 4 95; stockers and feeders, $3 60@5 05; bulls,
12 8605.
HOGS— Receipts, '; 8000. Market s@loc. higher
and active: bulk of sales. $3 65@3 90: heavies,
$3 SOW 4; packers, $3 1603 90; mixed, $3 60®>3 90;
lights. %% oOCgi 70; yorkers, $3 65@3 70; pigs,
20<-<7 3 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Market firm; lambs,
$4g6 40; muttons, .s3@4 65.
v OMAHA.
OMAHA, July . 7.— CATTLE— Receipts." 1800.
Market stronger; native beef steers, $4<!?4 90:
Western steers, ,$3 80@4 50; cows and heifers,
{3 50<g i 4 40; stockers and ■•-■■ feeders, '$3 50@4 75;
calves, $406 75; bulls and stags, $3®t. > •• . -■•-• r-
HOGS-Recelpts, 6300. Market Wo higher;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
heavy. $3 75f(3 S5; mixed. $3 72H@3 75; light,
S3 7003 7:.; hulk of sales. J3 75(3'3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, wio. Market Rteady; fair
to choice fiatives. $3 SOO4 60; do Westerns. J3 70
@4 60; common, $3 .'■offl4 25; lambs, J4 25^6.
DENVER.
DENVER. July 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1100.
Market active and steady. Beef steers, »3 90®
4 70; cows, $3 2^4 10; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 9017 4 56; stockers, freight paid to river,
$44f'4 80; bulls and stags, $2 50<ff3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market firm to 10c
higher. Light packers. $3 60@3 75; mixed, $3 65
90; heavy, J3 UQS SO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1500. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, J3 40@3 60.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, July 7. -Porter Bros. Company
sold to-day at open auction California fruit at
the following prices: Prunes— Slmoni. $1 05®
$2 05. single crate: Tragedy's. $1 35<Z?1 65. Plums
—California Reds, $1 85, single crate; Burbanks,
$120f;145; Ogons, $135; Peach, $1 20@l 35; St.
Catherines, Jl 15' Royal Hatlves, $1 05; Abund
ance, JKcfl 20. Pears— Bartletts, U55 per box
and 90cCa$l 05 per half bo-.. Apples—Alexan
| ders, $1 4fl*il 55 per box. Apricots— Royals, 65c
ijfjl 25, single, crate; Muntgamets, 80c. Figs—
Black— Sl per S-lb. box. Peaches— St. Johns,
Mco9l CO per box; Hale's Early*. 50<S'75c; Goi- !
1 ernor Garlands, 60c. Cherries— Royal Annes.
I f)ocJrsl per box; Republicans. 70c; Napoleons,
Me. Tw.lvp can Of California fruit were sold
I on the Chicago market to-day.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Plums— Peach, $1 07®
$1 65, single crates; Abundance, SI; Botan, POc;
Royal Hatives, SS 0 87c; Clymans, 7<J@7sc. |
Prunes— Tragedy, SI 02m 40, single crates; Si- :
monl, TOcOH 15. Cherries— Royal Annes, (Sc#
j SI 30 per box; Republicans, $1 05; Bigarreaus, \
55c. Peaches— Hales Earlys, 65@86c per box; ;
Hynes Surprise, 75c. Eleven cars California
fruit were Bold on the New York market to
day.
The Earl Fruit Company's auction sales of
California fruit were as follows:
NEW YORK, July 7.— Pears— Bartlett, half
boxes, S2 01; Flemish Beauty, $2 45. Prunes—
Tragedy. SI 05@l 85, average SI 17. Plums—
Pearh, Jl 15(ffl 6n, average SI 36; Burbank, 95c@
SI 70. average SI 22; Royal Hative, 70c@$l 50,
average 87c; California Red, SI 60@3 10, aver
age Jl 72. Apricots— Royal. 55c<!j$l 15, average i
94c; Blenheim, 60c. Peaches— Hales, Gsc(&sl,
average 81c; Briggs' May, 60<<?95c. average 76c;
EC John. TOcQCI OS, average 79c. Cherries—
Royal Anne, 45c<ff$l 25, average 75c; Cleveland
Biparreau, 45c; Republican, 75cQ$l 30, average
I SI 20.
CHICAGO. July 7.— Pears— Bartlett, SI 60®
2 16, average J2 10. Cherries— Royal Anne, 50@
70c. average 57c. Prunes-Tragedy, Jl 50. Apri
cots—Royal, Sseigsl 25, average Jl 14.
The Earl Fruit Company made the following
pales of California fruit:
BOSTON, July 7.— Tragedy prunes. $1 6C?
$2 OS, average $1 76; Burbank plums, SI °s@l 70,
j average Jl 58; Hale's early peaches. 60(g'85c, ay
; erage 74c; Moorpark cots, 79c. Cherries— Royal
! Anne. 40CQJ1 10. average 63c: Black Republican,
Ktciffjl 35. average Jl OS; 6 cars sold.
! PHILADELPHIA, July 7.— Prunes— Tragedy, i
! Jl 86®1 70, average Jl 46: Sim^nl, SI 36: Burbank '
plums, 9Bcosl 35. average Jl 22; peaches— St.
John, SOcJl 30, average SSc; Hale's, 70cQ$l. ay
! erage S2c; Montgamet cots, Jl 90; 4 cars sold.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. July 7.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 14,4:6 bales were offered, including a
miscellaneous collection. The sale was ani
mated and good selections of greasy merinos
and fine cross-breds showed hardening rates
and were eagerly bought by the home trade and
continental- buyers. A large quantity of me- ,
dium and heavy Queensland and South Aus- i
tralia sold at extreme rates and were largely
taken by the continental buyers. The attend- .
ance was large. Following are the sales in
detail: •
New South Wales. 4000 bales; scoured, Is 3%d
©Is 6d; greasy, s@lod.
Queensland. 1400 bales; scoured. Is l%d@
Is 3%d; rreasy, 75i'U9d.
Victoria. ■ 2000 bales; scoured, B%d@ls 6d;
greasy, s%(f?ild.
South Australia, 1000 bales; scoured. Is 2d@
•Is Id; greasy. srf/9d.
West Australia. 500 bales; scoured, 10%d@
Is Id: greasy, ;.^"?9Hd.
Tasmania, 58 bales; greasy, B%@>9d.
New Zealand, 3700 bales; scoured, 6d@ls 3d;
greasy. fi \fi ' " '■ id ■
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 1000 bales;
.scoured, B%d@ls 6d; greasy, s?i@3%d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■;/ -:-."■ \-: '
LONDON. July 7.— Consols. 11l 11-18; silver,
27 3-16 d; French rentes, 103f 10c.
LIVERPOOL. July Wheat, dull; cargoes
off coast,- nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
near positions in demand; English . country
markets, firmer; French country markets,
steady; wheat In Paris, steady; flour In Paris,
steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull. July, 6 7%d;
September. 7s ll%d: December, 3b 9\4d.
CORN — July, 3s 7%d; September, quiet, Ss
3%d; October, nominal.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shown: Avail-
I able cash balance, 1220,660,077; gold reserve,
| $169,680,213.
BOSTON.
BOSTON, July 7.— Atchlson 13%; Bell Tele
phone 274, Burlington 106, Mexican Central 4%,
Oregon Short Line 29.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 7.— Exchanges. $447,
109; balances, $116,452.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., July 7.— Walla Walla
wheat is quoted at 60c and valley and blue stem
| at about 62c, with no great demand at those
! figures. . .-..-- ;:.
i Cleared- British ship Port Carlisle, with 26.
133 bushels of wheat and 15.941 barrels flour,
for East London, South Africa. • . .->:.,-■
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July There are still 750.000
bushels of old wheat In farmers' hands In
Washington. Club, 60c; blue stem, 63c. ■ v, :■
■:■,■■■:"' » '-:■■>■•'.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE and bullion.- I
I Sterling Exchange, sight ' — $4 85%
1 Sterling Exchange, 60 days — • 487
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, telegraphic -* 15
■ New York Exchange, sight — 17%
i Fine Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were weaker In sympathy
with Chicago, though the Liverpool and Paris
I markets were both higher. The spot market was
I unchanged. Trading was dull, as usual.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 25@1 27%; milling.
' $1 25@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. ,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
4000 ctls, II 29 M; 2000, $1 29%; 6000, $1 29%..
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 29%;
16,000, $1 29%.
■Regular Morning Session— December — 10,000
ctls. $1 29; 4000, $129%; 2000. $129%; 14,000,
! $1 28%.
Afternoon Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $129;
8000, $128%; 2000. $1 25%; 8000, $1 28%; 8000,
$1 2SU; 8000, $1 28%.
BARLEY — The market is weaker and quiet,
I both on call and In the sample market.
Feed, $1 17%@1 20; Brewing, $1 25@1 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal "Session— o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 18%. ■ ; •■■".;■-,•*'?;:
Second Session— No sales.
I Regular Morning December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 18%; 2000, $1 18%; 10.000, $1 18%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 18%: 2000, $1 18.
OATS— market continues dull at un
changed rates.
Fancy feed, $1 35@1 40 per ctl: good to choice.
$1 30<31 35; common, $1 25®1 27%; Surprise, •
$1 32%@1 40; gray, $1 23@1 32%; milling, $1 32% ,
is 1 37% per ctl. . • > , I
i CORN — The demand is insignificant. Prices |
are unchanged.- ■ .. ■>
Small round yellow, $1 2. r »@l 30; Eastern large
I yellow, fl 05«J)l- 07%; white, $1 02%@l 05; mixed,
' $1 C2%@l Of. per ctl. V. ■
RYE— Neglected and nominal • at $1 20@l 25
"^BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— extras, $5@5 10; bakers' ex
tras, $4 75®4 S5 per bbl. ! .--. i :? I
MILLSTUFFS— In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, . $7: Oornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 60; Hominy. $3 2S@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
Hi 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat • Flour, cs3 50; • Rolled Oats : (bar
rein). $5 Ss<§6 25; in sacks, .$5 65@6 05; '.. Pearl
! Barley, $5; Split Peas, $i 25; Green Peas, $4 60
per 100 lbs. . '
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay has become extremely scarce In this
city and the barns are , reported empty. The
receipts were never as light as at' present. The
scarcity is well ' illustrated .by - the > fact that
three or four buyers will club together to buy
one car, Just enough to last them for one day,
hoping that.: the next May's arrivals , will . be
larger. i The .total '.. receipts! by ' rail ' yesterday
were j only .• two cars [of clover and . two of : al-
I falfa. ; Meanwhile . the farmers ■ are . storing to
hold and the tone of the market Is very firm.
Feedstuffs are unchanged. ■
;• BRAN— SI 4 50@15 50 per ton.
:. MIDDLINGS— S2O@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $25®.''6 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill,' $31@31 50; jobbing,
$32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. -"- *24ig>25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn. *24@24 50. : :
■ NEW HAY— Wheat; $18 60®19 for *■ choice
and $17@18 for . lower grades : < Wheat and Oat,
$.17@1S 60; Oat, . »16 60@17 50; Wild Oat, $15 50®
16 50; Barley, $15©16; Island Barley, $13@14; Al
falfa, $12® 13; Clover, $13<ffl4 50 per ton.
STRAW— 6OJP9OC per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are steady enough, but dull. There Is
no further change In Seeds.
BEANS— Bay os, $2 90®2 95; Small Whites, $1 80
@1 90; Large Whites, SI 75@1 SO: Pinks. $2 60@
2 75; Reds, S2 750>2 85; Blackeye, $3@3 25: But
ters, Jl So®2; Limas, ii 80@2 SO; Pea. $1 90©2;
Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, J4 50<iJ5 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, J4 .lOiJfci; Flax. S2fi2 OK; Canary
Seed, 2>-4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3ff6c; Rape, 2\4<3
2%c; Hemp, 2?i@3c; Timothy, 5@514c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, Jl 75^2; Green. J2Q2 10
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are higher and firm. Onions range
about the same.
Good Tomatoes are firm, but Vacavllle is
sending a lot of small and green stock which
Is unsalable. Green Corn Is in better supply
and lower. Squash is steady.
POT.a i OES— New Potatoes. 40(f?60c In sacks
and 50fff65c in boxes for Early Rose, and 50@70c
I in sacks and 6Ofr9flp in boxes for Burbanks.
I ONIONS— New, 20<ff35c per sack for red and
80(?/9Oc per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50®2 for extra
large, and 50c<5Jl 25 for ordinary; Green Peas,
2rfr24c per lb; String Beans, l<g>3c per lb; Wax
Beans. i<it3c; Summer Squash. 25' r '?4oc per box;
Bay Squash. 7SOBSe; Green Peppers. 50®Jl for
Chile and Jl@l 50 for Bell; Dried Peppen,So6e;
I Cabbage. 50c per ctl; Carrots. 30«T:Ac per sack;
j Marysvllle Cucumbers, £sTi3sc; Bay Cucumbers,
i KOKo; Vacavllle Tomatoes, 50c<i/Jl; Los An
! geles, J1(§1 25 per box; River Tomatoes, J2;
Green Corn, 50c@$l 25 per sack for Vaca
vllle. Jl 50 per crate for Alameda and Jl@l 25
for Berkeley; Garlic. 2<ipc per lb; Green Okra,
10c: Egg Plant. 5^70 per lb.
EVAPORATEI VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
i sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs: sliced
desiccated, 16<g>18c: granulated, raw, 18c;
: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12iftl4c for Turkeys,
$6 60g>6 for Hens, $4 50 for old Roosters, and
$3 50 for Broilers.
Local stock showed no change worthy of note,
though It was firmer.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10®12e for Gob
blers and lOigllc for Hens; young Turkeys, 16®
17c; Geese, per pair, 76c<j?$l; Goslings, 75c??Jl;
Ducks, $2 50«3 for old and $2 50@3 50 for young;
Hens. J3 SCW4 50; Roosters, young, $6<fT7 50;
Roosters, old, J4W4 50; Fryers, $5?T6: Broilers,
J4@4 50 for large, J2 50@3 50 for small; Pigeons.
Jl 50@l 75 per dozen for young and $I@l 25
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS:
Butter is steady at the advance. Eggs are
unchanged. Cheese rules firm.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 18H@19c; sec
onds. l"Sl"Hc.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16@17c; common,
1 grades. 15c.
Eastern Butter— packed. 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 8c; old. 7@
7^c; Cream' Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
$<&9c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 15@16c per dozen; store
Eggs. ll@l2V4c; Eastern, 12Vi@15c; Duck
Eggs. 16c. : '* >V.ii-rV:
• DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches sold higher, being In lighter sup
ply and quick demand, and dealers expect a
further advance. Apricots- are also stiff, and
$65 per ton is being paid for choice stock In
the country by the eanners. ' Plums show no
weakness. They are bringing good prices this
year. Pears are also scarce, and good Apples
are none too plentiful.
Lemons are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2@3 per chest for large and
|4@6 for small.
Black Cherries, 85©60 c; Royal'Annes, 25<§35c;
loose Cherries, lH®3Hc per lb for black and
I*.c1 *.c for Royal Anne.
Flrs, 25@40c per box for single and 50@75c for
I double layers.
1 White Nectarines, S3«?9oc per box.
Seedless White Grapes from Tuma, $l@l2sper
crate; Black Grapes. $1 50.
Blackberries, J2(i?3 per chest
Currants. $1 sOffr2 60 per chest.
Plums, 50075 c "per crate . and 35"365 c per box.
Apricots, 50®85c per box and 75@S5c per crate
and $4<V565 per ton In bulk.
Peaches. 60ii!H>c per box. 50©75 c per basket.
Raspberries, $3©6 per chest.
New Apples, 40'§5Oc per small and 75c@$l 25
per large box.
Bartlett Pears. $lff?l 25 per box for good
stock. Windfalls, nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— i-avel Oranges, $1 50<32 50;
Seedlings, 60c©*l: Lemons, $1* 25192' for com
mon and $2 EOfll for good to choice: Mcxi
■ can Limes, $fi®7; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
| Pineapples, $3@4 ncr dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUT 3. RAISINS, ETC.
The weekly State report of Weather Ob
server Hammon reports more or less damage
to Prunes In the Panta Clara Valley by the
hot -wind nf last week.
, It says that Prunes on irrigated land are all j
right, but that fruit in untrrigated orchards
■will probably not amount to much. Local deal
ers have lately sent agents down Into the val
ley, and they report a marked shortage In
the crop as compared with last year, the con
' sensus of opinion being that the yield will be
. good in the foothills and poor In the floor of j
the valley. " ■
The market Is dull and unchanged.
i DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
'5c for 40-50's, 4\;<£4V4c for 60-60's, 3%@4c for
60-70' s, ZV^ZVir for 70-80' 2%<g3c for SO-90's, 2%
@2V4c for 90-100" s; Peaches, 3@sc: fancy. 6|,j@
6c: peeled. I(i'fil2 1 new Apricots, B@9c for
Royals; old Apricots, s@6Vic for Royals and
7#Bc for good to fancy Moorparks: Evapo
rated Apples. 7V4<5?Sc: sun-(h-led. 4''- /IT 5c; Black
Figs. In sacks, 2(?2Vic; Plums, 4V4@4%c for
pitted and 1%®1%"c for unpltted; bleached
1 Plums, s(Ss^ic; Nectarines, 4@6c for prime to
i fancy: Pears, 2%<i?4Hc for quarters and 3@sV4c
i for halves, according to color, etc.
1 RAlSlNS— 2<fi'2%c for two-crown. 2%@3c for
three-crown. 3U@3%e for four-crown, 4Uc for
Seedless Sultanas. 2?ic for Seedless Muscatels
and ?I@l 13 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2Y,c.-.
I Walnuts. 3®4c for hardshell. 4^Bc for
1 softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
poftshell, SVj(it9c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4@
6%c for Eastern and 4V4c for California; Pe
cans,- 6Vif?Rc: Filberts, 9H®loc; Brazil Nuts, i
Bif?9c per lt>; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9®loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s^4®
6c: light amber extracted, 4%(g'sV4c per tt>.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lt>.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per Tb for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9H@loc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
, extra Mess Beef. $11; . Family Beef. $12; Salt
! Pork, $9; extra prime 1 Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 60; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12<@12Hc per
lb. < .• ■ -
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and 8c for pure; pails, B%c;
California tierces, s'/4c i per It) for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, "14c; 10-lb tins,
8c; 5-lt> tins. R\4c. . • ■
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6^W6%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— pails, 60 In a case, 9V6e;
3-tb pails. 20 In a case, 'B%c; 5-tb palls. 12 In a
case, S%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-tt)
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
ITjs net, BHc; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
j barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. 1 WOOL AND HOPS.
It now appears that Hops were damaged ac- |
verely by the hot wind of last week. The
damage tn Sonoma County is piaced at 25 per
cent. The crnwers, who, a month ago, were
willing to contract at 12Hc, now refuse to con
tract, preferring tn hold.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lO'^c; medium, 9^c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9V4c; Stags. 6V4c; salted Kip, 9(f?9>4c;
Calf, 10c: dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and j
brands. 12fi12Hc; ry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf. 18c: Goatskins. 27^<<730c; medium, 50c; I
winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<ff25c each;
short wool, 30040 c each: medium. 60@s0c; long
wool, 90c(fi$l 10 each; Horsehldeß, salt, $2'g:2 ofl
for large and $I@2 for small; Coltn, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $2 for large and $1 for small; Colts,
60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3V4@3%e per tt>;
No. 2. 2Vii?f3c; refined. 4"4iff4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain. 7©loc; i
free Northern, 9Wl2c. Spring clip— Southern |
Mountain, 12 months', 9<gllc: San Joarjuin and
Southern, 7 months', 8<?T10c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12W14c; do, defective, 10@12c;
Middle county, 13®16c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 151517 c; Nevada. W3He; Eastern Oregon,
10tfrl2c: Valley Oregon, l.">&t'l7c.
HOPS— 1597 . crop. 9®l2V4c per !t>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. s@sHc; Wool
Baps, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
1 lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
! tie, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk end $11 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs .-nd Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, 112 per ton In bulk and $14 in
sacks.
LINSEED OIL— Is lower at 47c per gallon
for raw and 49c for boiled In barrels. Cases,
5c more.
LUCOL — Is lower at 42c per gallon in barrels
for raw and 44c for boiled. Cases. 5c more.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered. 6<£c; Candy
Granulated. 6c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. 6%c; Magnolia A. s^c; Extra C.
5%r; Golden C. sVic; California A. 5Hc per lb;
half-barrels, y^c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are quoted lower again, receipts being
In <»-<ceesß of the demand. No other changes.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Mrc; second quality,
CVj(?6c; third quality, 4H@5%0 per Ib.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; Ewea, 7@7%c
per IT>.
LAMB— Spring, B@S%c per lto.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4%(5'5c for large, s%@sVic
for medium and 4>4@4%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3%c; dressed Hogs, 7@>Bc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, July 7.
Flour, qr sks ... 10,527 Straw, tons 20
Wheat, ctls 77,950 Lime, bbls 31
Barley, ctls 435 Lumber, ft 20,000
Tallow, ctls 211 Wool, bales 151
Cheese, ctls 164 Pelts, bdls 90
Butter, ctls 357 i Hides, no 230
Beans, sks lOiSugar, bags 143
Potatoes, Lks ... 6,078 jwine, gals 15.800
Onions, sks 1,3521Egg5, dnz • 15,180
Bran, sks 62' Quicksilver. flsk. 89
Middlings, sks .. 730 Leather, rolls ... 70
Hay, tons 217
OREGON.
Oats, ctl« 390iHops. bale* 145
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400 1
« ♦ ■
TH£ STOCK MARKET.
Senator Perkins has wired to the San Fran
cisco Stock Board from Washington that the
stamp tax of 2c is on each $100 of. the face
value of the certificates, and that face value
means par value. That is, a tax of $2 in stamps
Is imposed on each 100 shares of stock whose
par value is $100 per share. This point having
been settled it is thought that the Comstock
mining companies will soon reduce their capi
tal stock by reincorporating with capital stocks
at from $1 to $5 per share. In this connection
the brokers are discussing the advisability of
allowing no fluctuations in prices less than 5c
per share.
The market continued dull and prices were
generally lower than on the preceding day.
Crown Point Is assessed 6c and Gouii &
Curry 10c.
In local securities the sugar stocks were very
firm. Hawaiian, advancing to $26 50 and Hutch
inson to $51. A fair business was done.
The Grand Central Mining Company of Utah
has declared a second dividend at the rate of
12% c per share, amounting to $21,250.
The annual meeting of the Savage Mining
Company has been called for July 21.
The Belcher assessment of 10c per share will
be delinquent in the boards to-day.
The Skaglt Cumberland Coal Company of the
State of Washington has levied an assessment
of l%c per share, delinquent August 15.
The Victor Mining Company of Colorado paid
a dividend of 50c per share, amounting to
$100,000. on July 1, making a tota.l of $955,000
paid since organization.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, July 7—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Tonds— Oakland Gaa.. 48% 51
Is quar c0up..110%111% Pac Gas Imp.. 85 —
4s quar reg...lKH4HlVi Pac L Co — 50
Is quar new...124V*125Vi S F G & E... 85% 86
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3^ 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. 112 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... — 100 .Firem's Fund.lss —
Dup-st ex c... — 9SV- ! Bank Stocks—
E L, & P 65..l2 < :Vil2:> l / i Anglo-Cal .... 56 65
F&CI Ry 65. 113 114 Bank of Ca1. .245 249
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & i.. 97 100
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 202% —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 :Lon P & A.... 127% —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 [Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65. .123%— ;\ev Nat 8....155 165
Do Ist MSs..U3VI4Vi! Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s lsts — 97%iGer S & L..1540 1600
NCNG Ry 7s. — — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 105 109 Mutual Say. — 4?%
NRy Cal 55.. 102 102% 's F Say U.. 475 —
NPC R R 55. 100 — IS & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — [Security SB. 240 300
Do 2d Is 55.. — 110 Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 125%— Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 110 — California ....105 108
P& Cl Ry 65. 102 105 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 6«... 119 — Market-st .... 53>4 63%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6% 8
Sac ElecßySs.lOO — Powder—
SF & N P ss. 106% — California ....120 160
SierraßCal 6s. — 103 |E Dynamite... 85 —
S P of Ar 65..103%104' / 4iGiant Con Co. 48Vi 49»4
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Vigorlt 3 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — ■ Miscellaneous—
S P rr 6s 113 — |A 1 Pac Assn.. 93% 94
S V Wat 65. ..117 — '3er Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat 45...102>i103 Hana P C 0.... 12% 14%
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 25'n 2. r .\
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 51 51%
Contra Costa.. 50 54 Mer Ex Assn. 30 —
Mnrin Co 50 — Sat Yin C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 99>4 99% Oceanic S Co. 57 57%
Gas i» Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2>4
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Pac Bot C 0.... 100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mornine Session.
35 Alaska Packers' Association 93 50
$2000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 114 00
45 S F Gaslight 3 25
4Bn Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 25
125 do do 23 124
140 do do 25 37*
1 5 do do 25 50
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 5100
33 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 75
Afternoon Session.
20 Pacific Gas Imp 85 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
100 do do 25 37V4
425 do do 25 25
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 75
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
2fi Market-street Railway 53 60
$3000 Spring Valley Water 6s Bonds 117 00
Street—
$10,000 N P C R R 5s Bonds 100 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Regular Sales
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 87^
5 do do 5100
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Gould & Curry.. 08 200 Ophlr 18
200 09 100 Potosi 04
100 Mexican 13
Afternoon Session.
2.10 Con Cal & Va.. 161100 Savage 13
500 Mexican 12 i 50 Sierra Nevada.. 44
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
50 Con Cal & Va.. 21 W0 19
?00 Gould & Curry.. 09 «00 Union Con 16
200 OS SOO Yellow Jacket... 13
500 Justice 06J200 W£
300 Mexican IH2OO 12
200 Ophlr 20 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, July 7— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice — 05
Alta — 04 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 03 04 Mexican 11 12
Best & Belcher 12 13 Occidental 55 —
Bullion — 05 Dphlr 15 16
?aledonla 16 IS Overman 05 06
7hollar 17 IS Potosi 03 04
Challenge Con. 11 12 Savage 12 14
Confidence — 25 seg Belcher ... — 06
Ton Cal & Va. 15 16 Scorpion — 02
•"on Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 36 38
>wn Point ..03 05 Silver Hill 03 04
Ton New York. — 02 Syndicate — 02
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard —165
Exchequer ..w. — 03 Union Con 13 14
3ouiil & Curry. 07 09 Utah 02 03
Hale & Norcrs. 40 — Yellow Jacket. 10 12
Julia — 01
HEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
William and Janetta Wolf to Morris Lando,
lot on N line of Ellis street, 37:6 W of Frank
lin, W 25 by N 87:6; $4500.
Minnie Levy to Esther Levy, lot on N line of
Post street, 80 W of Broderick, W 30 by N
65; $10.
Pauline Dennery to Carl D. Salfleld, lot on
R line of Waller street. ISO E of Masonic ave
nue. E 25. S 145:7. W 25. N 148:1»4: $1500.
William Crane Spencer (trustee) to George E.
Barron, lot on S line of Post street. 107:11 W of
Kearny, W 100 by S 122:6; also lot on S\V cor
ner of Geary and Taylor streets, S 137:6 by W
137:6; also lot on S line of Eddy street, 2715 E
of Mason, S 94:9, NE 161:9, W 131:3; also mean
ing to convey all Interest in 1171 m 200 and 1199
m 109; $10.
William A. C. Lange to Josepha Lange, lot
on X line of Leaven worth street, 132:5 S of
Washington. S 22:1 by E 115; gift. .
Frank or George Osborn to Mary A. Drunchel,
lot on S line of Havens street, 157:6 W of
Leavenworth, W 20 by S 60; $10.
fame to same and John H. and George N.
Engel, lot on N iine of Union street, 137:6 E
of Hyd(, E 30 by N 137:6; also lot on S line of
Lincoln place, 68:9 E of Hyde street, E (W:9.
S 67:6. W 8:9, N 50. W 60, N 17:6: also lot on N
line of Lincoln place. 57:6 E of Hyde street, E
60 by N 50; also lots 533 and 535, gift map 2,
quitclaim deed: gift.
Helen C. Roach to W: lam F. Cross, lot on
NE line of Oak Grove avenue.' 100 NW of
Bryant street, NW 25 by NE 112; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
and John Kaunltz. lot on S line of Santa Clara
street, 37:6 E of Missouri, E 37:6 by S 100; .
Mary and John Kaunitz to William Meins,
fame; $10.
William A. McGrath to Ellen Lamed, lot on
E line of Thirteenth avenue, 137:6 N of J street,
N 137:6 by E 137:6; gift.
A. K. P. Harmon Jr. to George C. and Etta
Harmon Edwards, lot on SW line of O street
and Thirteenth avenue. W 204:1, S 290:2. E
217:11, N 307:4: also lot on SW corner of O
street and Tenth avenue, W 240, S 360:3, E 240:9,
N 378:8; $10.
Jones, Allen & Co. to Elizabeth Cartwrlght,
lot on SW line of O street and Forty-seventh
avenue. W 32:6 by S 1W; $10.
Elizabeth and George Cartwright to John T.
Wlllever. wimp; $10.
Scott F. Cilley to James J. Dillon, lot on E
line of Hamilton avenue. 150 S of Berkshire. S
25 by E 100, lot 30. block 5, Mission and Thir
tieth Street Extension Homostend; $10.
Alameda County.
Alfred E. Younger to Catherina J. Younger,
re-record 613 d 256. lot on S line of Fourth
street, 112:6 E of Harrison. E 37:6 by S 100.
block 34, Oakland: gift.
Same to same, same. Oakland; gift.
Jewett C. and Carrie G. Gllson to Mac E.
Hardy, lot on SE cnm«' of Campbell street
and San Pablo avenue, E 1R3.:1O, 8 96, E 10, S
46, W 10«:8 to E line San Pablo avenue, thence
155 to beginning. . -ing a portion of Brockhurst
and Whltcher Tract Oakland; $10.
Same to Herman Cook, lot 33. same tract,
containing 1.134 acres, Brook ■'•n Township; »34U.
J. C. and Zoe K. Curtln to J. B. Mendonca.
block 40, bounded by Hepburn, Estudillo, Saun
ders and Martinez streets. Town of San Lean
dro. Eden Township- $10.
Union Savings Bank to Albert D. Coplin. lot
on N line of Edwards street. 102.1 E of Tele
graph avenue. E 2*> by N 125. Oakland; $3"r>.
Alvaro N. and Ellen Beebe to Hibernla Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on S line of Railroad
avenue. 75 E of Chester street. E 25 by S 100.
B. Kelsey to John P. Reilay, same, quitclaim
block 494. Oakland: $100.
Adam F. and Idah E. Gunn to William R.
Davis, lot on N line of Prospect street. 75 W
of Summit, N l*>o by W 5<U2. Oakland; $10.
J. P. Reilay (by tax collector) to B. Kelsey.
lots 22 and 23. block 7, Amended Map Butler
Tract. Oakland Annex; $1.
deed, Oakland Annex; $5.
Joseph A. and Annie E. I>eonard to Carrie C.
Baker (w(lfe of J. E.). lot on SW corner of
Clinton avenue and Union street. S 65 by W 14S,
being lot 1. subdivision block 16, Bartlett 50
acre Tract, Alameda; $10.
Emanuel Claresy to Elizabeth Claresy, lot on
E line of Stanford avenue, 200.18 N of Ashby.
N 44.49, E 117.38. S 40, W 134.61. to beginning
being lot 24, block A, Adeline Tract, Berkeley;
gift.
William A. Shepherd to William B. Whitney,
lot 19, block 7, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Christina Van Demark to Mattle R. Appltnsr.
lot on SW line East Twenty-third street. 165.35
NW of Twenty-third avenue, NW 3i by SW UO.
block B, subdivision Heald Twenty-third ave
nue Tract, Brooklyn Township; $ln.
Manuel and Catherina Rodrigues to Tessie
Falk (wife of V.). lot U; block 230. Town of
Newark, Washington Tov.-nshtp; $175.
Builders' Contracts.
Peter A. and Mary F. Corrigan (owners) with
Frederick Esty (contractor and architect). All
work for a IV4-Btory frame building on lot 19.
block 1, Grove Street Line Tract, Berkeley;
$w>.
THE CALL CALENDER.
July. 1898.
Ba.
Mo
Moon* Phase*
4
11
7
©Full Mooa.
July 8.
■*?La«t <juar;or.
r*L July in.
| ,S^ New Mooa,
Vs/ July 18.
15
a
2*
.6.
81
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world ar*e kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Friday, July 8.
Sun rises 4:54
Sun sets 7:34
Moon rises 10:2S p. m.
i| 4:-
.1 6::
L, "\
I 1:(
: 2:t
, ' 2:!
2:
3.
8:39
9:26
10:13
11:05
H W
7:45
9:09
j 10:13
0.1
0.7
3:3?
4:1.
K:0l
5:5'
5.
9:32
10:46
11:56
5.2
1.6
1.
1.
.".
11:59
I 12:54
I 1:49j
S:<
7::
S:
6.4
5.4
6.6
o.:
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of i
the day, the third time column the 'third tide i
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when them Are but j
three tides, as sometimes occur. The. heights !
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except i
■when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height, j
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference <a the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Sun Francisco, July
7, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Pomona San Diego |July 8
Phllkat IHumboldt (July 8
Crescent City..|Crescent City |July 8
San Jose IPanama July 9
North Fork jHumboldt July »
Washtenaw Tacoma July 9
Fulton Portland IJuly 9
Empire Coos Bay IJuly 9
Homer Newport July 10
Burma Nanaimo July 10
Nlngchow Departure Bay July 10
San Mateo Comox |July 10
Scotia Humboldt IJuly 10
Orizaba IHumboldt IJuly 11
Walla Walla... | Victoria & Puget Sound i.luly 11
Wellington |Departure Bay July 11
Willamette ISeattle July 11
Santa Rosa jSan Diego (July 12
State CallforniaiPortland July 12
Titanla INanaimo July 12
Arcata ICoos Bay July 13
Curacao I Mexico July 13
Coon Bay iNowport IJuly 14
Oaellc |Ch!na and Japan |July l">
St. Paul St. Michael July 13
Leelanaw [St. Michael ;July IS
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Coos Bay...
Acapulco ..
Coos Bay... Newport July 8, 9 am|Pier 11
Acapulco .. Panama IJuly 8, 12 miPMSS
Cy Panama]Mex. &C. A..|July 9,12 miPMSS
Columbia ..|Portland jJuly 10, 10 ami Pier 12
Pomona ISon Diego IJuly 10, 11 am.Pler 11
Queen |Vie & P*t Sd.iJuly 10, 10 ami Pier 9
Chilkat ....IHumboldt ....|.Tuly 10. 9 ami Pier 13
Santa Cruz. Dnuglas Islnd'.luly 11, 4 pmjPier 9
Homer Newport (July 12, 9 am! Pier 11
Fulton jOreffon Ports. July 12. Sam;Pier2o
Alameda ..Sydney IJuly 13, 2pm Pier 7
Orizaba IHumboldt iJuly 13, 10 amPler S
North ForkJHumboldt ....|July 13, 9 ami Pier 3
Santa Rosa, San Diego — IJuly 14, 11 ami Pier 11
State of CaliPortland iJuly 14, 10 am Pier 12
Cleveland ..lAlaska IJuly 15
Walla Wall! Vic & Pgt Sd.iJuly 15. 10 ami Pier 9
Arcata nay 'July 16. 10 am Pier 13
MiII'PIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. July 6.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall. 48 hours from Port
"land. via Astoria 3SV2 hour
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, 23 hours from T ? sal.
Schr Czar. Hutnian, 44 days from Altata.
Schr Annie E, Burtls, S days from Santa
Barbara.
CLBAREO.
Thursday. July 7.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea. San Pedro; Godall,
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Coptic. Sealby. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. Nanalmo; R
Duns-muir Son Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. July 7.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo.
Br stmr Coptic. Sealby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Ruth. Strand. Tlllamook, with schr
Sacramento In tow.
Stmr Orizaba. Parpons, T "-"<»ka.
Stmr Arcata. Reed Coos Bay.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson.
Ship Columbia. Nelson, Taeoma.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freeman. Nanaimo.
Bktn Gleaner. Peck. Willapa Harbor.
Schr Bender Bros, WiMzpl.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlln.
So*-- Sacramento, Forest, Frankport, In tow
of stmr Ruth.
Schr Edith. Gideon.
Schr La Chilena. Matsen, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July $-10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, W; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Columbia loads coal at Taeoma for this
port: Luclle, coal at Seattle for this port.
The Newsboy loads lumber on the Sound
for Sydney. 42s 6J.
The Swanhilda loads nitrate at Taltal for
Cork. 28a 9d.
MEMORANDUM.
Per City of Rio de Janeiro— Outside of Hono
lulu spoke V S stmr Monterey and stmr »""«»
anchored. The Brutus was disabled by Hot
journals.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived July 7— Bark
hence June 21; schr John A Campbell, from
N TATOO'SH— Passed July 7— Stmr Washtenaw.
from Tacoma. for San Francisco.
SEATLE— Arived July 6— Stmr Farallon, fm
D VhNTURA— Sailed July 7— Schr Ivy. tor
Grays Harbor. , _ „„,,_
BOWENS LADING— Arrived July 7— bcnr
* TA ! T<»OSH— Passed July 7— Nor stmr Tltanla,
hen'-e July 3, for Nanaimo.
DEPARTURE BAY-Sailed July 6-Ship Two
Brothers for San Francisco. _ .
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed July 7— Schr Ruby
A Cousins, for Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Scotia, nnce
JU PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 7— Schr En
de ST 0 MICHAE S^atIed oJune0 June l^-6chr Hattle I
PhilliDs for San Francisco.
In port June 22-Schr R W Bart.ett. from
Seattle- schr J B Leeds, hence May 13; scnr
F rSA n L^A n rrlvfd ( '"juiy 7-Schr Edward Parke.
h s n al!ed U Julv 5 7-Stmr Hueneme. for San Pedro.
MENDOriNO-Sailed July 7-Stmr Point
Ar ATi;iO?:4ai.e?jSb S 7-Stmr Cleone. for San
F «RAYS' HARBOR-Arrlved July 6-Schr De
fi8 Sa C necl he ru!y J Tsl°hr Roy Semen,, for San
FSF SA nC > i! PEDRO-Salled July 7-Schr Alice, for
ENE N r EWPORT-Arrived July 7-Schr Mary B
R pORT°TOWN| k F!NI>-An-ived July 7-Bktn
Jan? Jstanfnrt.hence June 25; bark Sonoma,
hence June 23; bl.'" Menltor and schr Ida Mc-
7-Schr A M Baxter,
for Seattle. . t»...« «k
Arrived July 7— Schr Fortuna. hence June ».
EASTERN PORTS.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed July 6-Shlp Tllll*
E Starbuck from Philadelphia, for Oregon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— SaiIed— Br s>hlp Yolo, for Ore-
g St'tnr Gipsy, Olsen, 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports. .  - ...
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward 30^ da> s
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 184 days, via
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 18 hours from
Fort Bragg. _ -.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 22— Br stmr Mo
ana, hence June 16; Br ship Otterspool. from
Liverpool: stmr Alameda, from Sydney. June
23— Stmr China, hence June 15; str Zealandta.
hence June 15: stmr Senator, henc e June In;
stmr Colon, henoo June 15. June 24— U S stmr
Monterev. from San Dieero: stmr Brutus, from
San Diego; Hr stmr Belgic, hence June _ 18
June 25— Bark Mohican, hence June 3. Jun«
26— Ship E B Sutton, from Nanaimo; fenr
Queen, from Port Ludlow. stmr Emma Clau
dlna, from Eureka; bktn S N Castle from
San Francisco, hence June T. June 27— Bktn
Planter, from Layson Island. June 28— Schr
Bering Sea. from Seattle; stmr City of Rio de
Janeiro from Yokohama; U S stmr Mohican,
herr~ June 11: ship Aryan hence June 11.
HILO-- Arrived June 25— Bark Levi G Bur
gess, hence June 4; bktn Uncle John, from
Humboldt.
fiHONOLULU— SaiIed June 22— Br stm Moana
for Sydney. June 24— Bktn S N Wilder, for
' San Francisco. June 25— Ger bark J C Glade,
for San Francisco: stmr China, for Manila;
stmr Zealandia, 'or Manila: stmr *ilon. for
Manila: stmr Senator, for Manila. TTune
Bktn W H Dimond, for San Francisco: stmr
Beleic for Yokohama: U S ftmr Mohican, for
*fn for target practice; ship George Curtis to
sail June 26 for Delaware Breakwater; bark
S C Allen to sa.. June 26 for San Francisco:
schr Alice Cooke to sail June 27 for San Fran
cisco- XT S stmr Monterey to sail June 2fi. for
Manila; stmr Brutus, to sail June 26 for Ma-
HONOLULU— Arrived June 27— Haw bark
Diamond iWd. from Nanaimo.
Sailed June 29— U S stmrs Monterey and Bru
tus, for Manila.
To sail July s— Haw stmr Waileale, for Lay
san Islands. _
KAHTLUI— SaiIed June 24— Bktn G«orge C
Perkins, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived July 7— Stmr Patria, from
1 Hamburg.
; GENOA— Sailed July 7— Stmr Fulda, for New
York.
QI'EENSTOWN— SaiIed July 7— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York; stmr Bolgenland, for
Philadelphia.
STETTlN— Arrived July 7— Stmr Island, from
New York.
LlSßON— Arrived July 7— Stmr Peninsular,
from' New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 7— Stmr Penn
lanrl. from Philadelphia.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed July 7- Stmr Britan
| nla, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed July 7 3tmr Rotter
! dam, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed July 7— Stmr Manitoba, for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 7— Stmr Koenlgen,
from I,'Jiz.
OCEAN TP-AVgL.
Pacific Coast Steamship -Co,-
fc^ Steamers leave Broadway
' lljl wharf. San Francisco.
ißiglfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
HUFLjK^ July 5, 10. 15, 20. 25, 30; August
I Ba«?V=ra *• transfer at Seattle.
Era£B3jtMl For Alaskan ports (from
IflßßßbiMjjßni Folßom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
*^^^|||Mfl July 17. August 4. 25, transfer
at Portland, Or.
""^ ' For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m July 5. 10, 18. ■ 20. 25, 30, August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
July 1. 7, 13, 19, 25, 31, August 6. and every
sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 4, 8. 12. 16, 20. 24. 28.
August 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Aneeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. July 2, 6. 10, 14. 18. 22. 25, 30. August 1,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For EnVenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., July 17.
August 14.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers. sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HotelV
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts .
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
XMSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC 12 First Class Including Berta
IHIiU £8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia July 2, 10. IS 28
State of California July 6, 14. 22 30
St. Paul *16 00 St. Louis 1.J32 oy
'Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 35 00 New York 31 04
E. C. "WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. '
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqus.
• French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new 1 42 North _».~^'
River, foot of Morton ■ st. Travelers <3JC^r»
by this line avoid both transit by Smmma^
English railway and the discomfort of croml'i*
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160"
second class $UG. ' '
LA TOI'RAi.nE July 9 10 a. m
LA NORMANDIE July 16 10 £ m'
LA BRKTAOJO? July 23 lot m"
LAGASCOGXE.. July 30 10 I m
la BOURGOGNE'. Aug. c. ioIlS:
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRAXSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI : CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. " "*
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday fo?
Glasgow via Londonderry.
othe a r"/ a me S rs: O^. PaSSage - Clty ° f Rome . •»:
ot S h c e C r° n^m b err SS^' *" »«*—•?.■ W«!
,24 St s" r o?her^Sr s RO ? S c ; 0 . W5 50: '""—ta.
For Book of Tours and information «nni» ♦„
HENDERSON BROTHERS. Gener»" ! P ent y « 7
Bowling Green, New York: or J. F. FUGA7T
5 Montgomery St.; or L. F. COCKROFT ill
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE I Nr.w
Montgomery st., Pan Francisco. tw
fflj&wL** "' B U^ klan , d for Sydney
•■^--r: -^ Wednesday. July 13, at
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.'
• ', ■'" ' 11* Montgomery at. •
Fretgfat office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR 0. S. RAYY-YARO AND YALLEJO. :
Steamer "MonticeUe."
Won. Wed.. Thura. and Sat.. . ' - '
Friday m ' 8:W *m " 'V3OV 30 P - m - ex - s*"5 *"
S^ -::p:::::::^:S; a?^"^ 3 ? i^\
TcUptaon* Red «4t^DR. PARDEE'S
PAST WORDS
ARE QUOTED
They Were Uttered Three Years
Ago When He Turned
Coat.
He Denounced Republicans as "The Gang"
and Gloried in the Fact That Demo
crats Won the Election.
Alameda County is now being regaled
■with one of the most artistic pieces of
political buffoonery that It has ever been
her pleasure to witness. Years ago one
of the most talented of coast writers
dubbed this city "the hatchery of the un
expected." Many efforts have been made
by men In every element of social, politi
cal, commercial and religious life since
then to disprove this statement, and to
proclaim to the world that Oakland in
every particular is the most conservative
normal and astute city on earth. Their
arguments have in a measure proved suc
il, but it ha? been reserved for this
summer to produce the most remarkable
political farce that any one has ever had
the hardihood to try to palm off on an
intelligent Republican community.
y of the stalwart i:> publicans are
more than amused at the antics of a few
people who are putting forward a poli
tician of profv^ 'loan pro
clivities for the higl In the gift
of the party in this State. They a:
ferrlng to their scrapbooks to see if their
memories have failed them or if their
intellects are giving way. But they find
that neither of these misfortunes has be
fallen them.
Be Republican?, who were slandered
by Dr. Pardee a few years ago and again
more recently, cannot understand why
thn.«e who were denounced by him as
"the gang" should now be anxious to re
ward apostasy unless by doing so they
hope to reach some reward for them
peives.
The following extrart from Dr. Par
dee'a an" utterances of the past
were : t the 1 me of their de
livery in Oakland newspapers. They are
not taken from oral speeches which
might • I, ut from
chea read by Dr. Pardee:
Can anybody doubt that the gang,
the railroad and the water company
put up the ticket nominated by the
Republican ConventionP
The Republican Convention is the
creature of the railroad, the water
company and the gang.
Dire calamities will result if the
Republican party succeeds. Speech of
George C. Tardee at Thomas Hall, Twnfjr
third avenut, East Oakland, 'CMarch 5, 1895.
I was, I am proud to say, one of
BILLY BARNES IS
IN DIRE DISGRACE
THE PETALX7MA CAPTAIN BROKE
A PROMISE.
Fourth of July Committee Expected
Him to Keep His Word to De
liver the Oration.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, July 7.
Captain Barnes of the Petaluma Infan
try is in disgrace with the people of Oak
sent him to-day by
the Fourth of July committee that con
tains some etrong language. Such senti
ments sent to the brand new captain by
a private would be called insubordina
tion and probably end in the guardhouse,
but Oakland's Fourth of July committee
has a lady in it, and Mr. Barms" dis
courteous and unsolUierly treatment of
her has aroused her Indignation.
The committee having in charge the en- |
tertainment at the Macdonough Theater |
Monday afternoon had been given aj
promise — the promise of a soldier and a i
man— that Captain Barnes would
• l< er an address In
Oakland. He told Miss Mollie Connors,
the only lady on the committee, that it
•would be conferring an honor on him by
listening to him, and further stated that I
nothing but a call to Botae distant batle- j
field would prevent the engagement being
fulfilled.
There was no call to any distant battle
field last Monday, yet Mr. Barnes appear
ed ii"t. In the report of the committee
appears this Btatetnent: "The committee
begs to report that it has a.s yet received j
neither explanation nor apology from
Captain Barnes of tli< Petaluma com- j
pany. It had the captain's word for his
appearance, and while the committee per
sonally cures nothing about the matter,
it feels that courtesy is due to the Oak
land public, whom it r< presented. Cap
tain Barnes ■ Idler,
and no doubt the proper explanation to
the Oakland public will be forthcoming
very shortly."
"Our committee does not care person
nlly about it," .-::i<l Miss Connors, "bat
ict was we could have bad one of \
il fine orators. We were deluged
with people who had a song to sing or aj
' :o »peak, and who wanted to be |
th< "ourth of July. We were
requested to get a re] tive South-!
< i-:i<ti -:i<t to speak, and we <liv so. We were i
asked to see Captain Barnes, and we did
not have to urge him. He said he liked
to speak in Oakland. We did not feel he
onferring an honor on us by coming
here, for Oakland Is a city of intelligent
people. An audience of cultured p<
assembled to listen to thr- orators, and '■
they know what to expect of gentlemen !
who are announced to appear tjefore
them. They also expect to hear a proper j
explanation from gentlemen who disap
point them. Personally we don't care a
rap for Captain Barnes' non-appearance,
but we think it is due the larce audience
that he explain or apologize."
New Name and Management.
OAKLAND, July 7.— Harry Jackson.who
for the past three years has been the
manager of the Hopkins Theater, Chi
nas taken charge of the old Oak
land Theater and will open it on the 23d
lnst., under th<- name of the Dewey Opera
Mouse. He is having it entirely remodel
ed, a smoking and lounging room f r
gentlemen, ; i waiting-room for ladii
ream and refreshment parlor, and a
le for children, when- an attendant
will care for the little ones. He will
have unly first-class dramas at popular
- and expects to make the place
\ cry attractive.
Denied by One May Rodgers.
OAKLAND, July 7.— Mrs. May Rogers,
of m Kirl.y avenue. Detroit, Mich., has
caused the publication in this city of a
- d. nial that she was in any way
connected with the recent elopement of a
soldier »iam.-<t Clark, at Tampa. Fia. She
knowing ji man by that name
in Detroit or T:-mpa. It was be-
Iteved that she was the woman to whom
the dispatches referred to at the time, as
nor num.- ami initials were the same.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, July 7.— The Veteran Re
publican CluT. of this city has nassed re
solutions declaring in favor of an unin-
Btructed delegation to the State conven
tion, but pledged to .support an. Alameda
county man for the povornorshtp so long
as there is any chance for success.
A meetine: of the friends of Victor Met
ealfe will be held this evening to consult
us to his prospects for the Congressional
nomination.
those who bolted from the Republican
Convention of four years ago.
I am also proud to say that I was
a member of the Citizens' Convention
that indorsed John Glascock (Dem
ocrat) for Mayor.
I regret to say that two years later
I was seduced into voting the Repub
lican ticket.
The Republican party is owned by
corporations.
Be faithful to yourselves, repudi
ate the Republican siren, steer safely
between the Democratic Scylla and
the Republican Charybdis. Elect the
Non-Partisan ticket and let Oakland
be what it has always claimed to be,
the Athens of the Pacific, imitating
the stern public virtues of the ancient
Greeks before the Athenian gang got
control of the Grecian State.— 5*, :c h o f
Georgi C. Pirdee at Tabernacle, February
16, 1893.
One joker in the party has suggested
that should Dr. Pardee be a candidate
before the State convention an 'introduc
tion committee" should be appointed to
introduce this "prominent Republican
from Oakland" to the leader of the party
which he professes to have served so
faithfully and long. This individual re
culls the fact that Dr. Pardee walked
out of one Republican convention because
he could not boss it; that three years ago
he threatened to bolt another one at Hay
wards for the same reason; that five years
aji'i he thanked God he had repudiated the
party, and that a little later he con
< that he had been "seduced" by the
Republican system and was sorry for it.
[t is recalled that Dr. Pardee was once
Mayor on a non-partisan ticket, on which
occasion he beat the regular nominee, one
of the best Republicans in the State— Tim
!.. Barker. Jt is also recalled that two
years after his own election he practi
cally conducted the campaign for his
friend John W. Nelson, who was beaten
by ;i Populist, John L. Davie. On that
memorable occasion the Republicans de
termined to teach Dr. Pardee a lesson,
affected to support his candidate and then
showed their repugnance for Mr. Nelson's
affiliations by rejecting him at the polls.
Just when Dr. Pardee came back into
the Republican party— if he be back— is
not known; but certainly it did not occur
until he again wanted something from the
party or w:;s willing 1 to serve some pur
pose, and then he calmly announced that
he was "out for Governor."
FUSION TICKET WINS
IN ALAMEDA COUNTY
;NO INTEREST TAKEN IN THE
PRIMARIES.
; Two Hours of Quarreling at the
Place Where the Forty-Eighhii
District Vote Was Taken.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 7.
The Populists of this county held a
primary this evening for the election of
del<-f ates to a county convention to be j
held in this city next Saturday. The busi
ness of the convention will be to elect
twenty delegates to the State convention,
which meets in Sacramento July 13. Three
delegates are to be sent from each of
I the six Assembly districts and two at
large.
Never has such a dull primary been
known in Alameda County. The remnant
of the party that existed two years ago
| is so divided that practically no party
j exists. There is a small wing of fusion
is! s and a small wing of middle-in-the
; road men. but the majority of the party
leaders have disappeared. Some of the
leading spirits are in the Klondike, oth
ers have renounced Populism and re
entered the Republican ranks, and the
r< meant is so disheartened that they fear
they will not be able to raise twenty dele
! gates to go to Sacramento.
The county committee met last night
and to the surprise of the few who at
1 ended nobody was willing to make a
tjreecn, Even ex-Assemblyman Brctz, a
most rabid antl-fusionist, would say noth
' ing. The men who were the backbone of
! the party are not at present In evidence.
Ex-Mayor Davie has not professed any
connection with the party for three years.
Ex-Judge Gibson has some intelligent
ideas al.out the recent issue of war bonds,
with which most of his old party dis
ncroe. Charles Gardiner has nublished
a" long letter claiming that he is now a
good Republican and regretting that he
was ever a deserter. Adna A. Dennlson,
a leader of "the short-hairs" three years
ago, and a man with some ideas, while he
is still presumably a Populist, takes good
not to have his name identified with
j the party.
So far as can be learned to-night the
fusionists will have a majority of the del
egates in the convention. The proceed
! ings at the Forty-eighth Assembly Dls
! trict primary showed that there is ab
solutely no interest in the party. In this
large district, embracing the most pop
ulous part of Oakland, only twenty-one
votes were cast.
There was about a dozen people present
iin Judge Cliffs courtroom, where the
primary was held, and for two hours
': there was a continual quarrel. There
were but eighteen names on the club roll,
and four of these demanded that their
names be taken off, as the whole busi
ness was a farce.
Mr. Uroadwater was very indignant and
declared that the fusionists had stuffed
the ballot box. This led to a lively de
bate and some warm exchange of opin
ions. Members challenged each other's in
tegrity and many bitter things were said.
The call for the primary was declared by
the judge E. Hougham to be illegal and
Boss Oglesby, who talked all the while
despite the forceful invitations to bequiet,
aspired to run the entire performance.
Mr. Silver declared that the affair was
run by the Democrats and spoke so freely
<.f the propensities of "Robber Maguire '
that much oil was necessary to smooth
the waters.
Finally it was found that ten fusionists
were elected and four middle of the road
ers.
Henry Norman,
Special Commissioner of the
London Chronicle,
Writes About the New America
In Next Sunday's Call.
Hurt Makes an Offer.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The contest over
the three children of Joel J. Hurt of
Wyoming engaged the attention of Judge
Ogden to-day, and at the conclusion of
the session the case went over until next
Monday morning. Attorney McNab said
this morning that Hurt had authorized
him to enter into a contract with any one
whom the court might appoint, to give
Hurt's ex-wife, Mrs. Schaeffer, a main
tenance and a house near to the place
where the children would be sent to
school, allowing her to see them at fre
quent intervals alone. Hurt did not de
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
sire them to be in any place where
Sehaeffor resides.
An argument over law points took place
and the case was continued.
A Fight With a Burglar.
OAKLAND, July 7.— Police Officer Percy
Jacobus caught a burglar in the act of
stealing a couple of sacks of bran from
the barn of G. W. McNear Jr. about 4
o'clock this morning. Before he succeed
ed in landing his prisoner. Jacobus had
shot his horse, shot twice at his prisoner
and been beaten nearly to death, but
managed to club his man into submis
sion.
Republicans at San Leandro.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The Young Men's
Republican League of Alameda County,
will open the campaign outside of the
city of Oakland Saturday evening at San
Leandro. The meeting will be held in
the Town Hall at S:ls o'clock. The mem
bers of the club from this cjty will leave
here on the 7:30 Haywards car in a body.
An enthusiastic time is anticipated, and
every effort is being made to make the
affair a grand success.
Drawing the Color Line.
ALAMEDA, July 7.— Great indignation
was caused in this city to-day when it
was reported that Private TV. E. Lucas,
a member of Company G, had been re
jected because of his color, and that the
mustering- in of the company had to be
postponed in consequence. Lucas enlisted
some time ago and passed the examina
tion successfully. His forte is cooking,
and in accordance with his own wish he
was detailed to take charge of the- com
pany cooking, a task which he performed
to the utmost satisfaction of all hands.
Lucas was decidedly a persona grata witn
his comrades. The company was called
on this morning to be mustered in, it hav
ing just 100 men on the roll. To the as
tonishment of all Private Lucas was in
formed that he would not be accepted,
no other reason than color being given
A STANCH REPUBLICAN
ELI S. DENISON, Ex-Senator of Alameda
County, Who Passed Away Yesterday.
him. He was told in so many words that
the mustering officer did not want him
because of his color. This threw the com
pany below the requisite number and it?
muster had to go over. Another recruit
was at once secured, however, and the
company is ready to be sworn in to
morrow.
Lucas' friends outside the company do
not propose to let the matter drop. The
young man is the son of a veteran of
the civil war, who is a member of a
Grand Army post at Los Angeles, and
has a good record as a soldier. He la
'now in the Veterans' Home at Santa
Monica, He is a Creole, and the youth is
M. E. LUCAS.
about as dark complexioned as if he had
been well tanned in the sun. He was edu
cated in the public schools of this city
and has always associated on an equality
with those of the purest blood. N(ii..,ng
has been alleged against his character.
Lucas' friends have communicated with
President MeKinley, Secretary of War
Alger and Senator Perkins. They pro
pose to find out whether a good patriotic
soldier can be rejected because he is dark
complexioned.
Five Horses Burned.
ALAMEDA, July 7.— A barn and dwell
ing house in tne west end of Alameda,
occupied by Perato brothers, were burned
to the ground last evening. Five horses
imprisoned in the barn were incinerated,
their release being impossible. The fire,
which is believed to have been started
by the overturning of a lamp, caused a
loss of $2000.
Home of Truth Opening.
ALAMEDA, July 7.— The Home of Truth
opened its new quarters In the Barton
mansion last evening by a reception ten
dered to its friends. During the evening
there were upward of 500 callers at the
spacious residence, and a programme df
nuisle and recitations was rendered. .
Americans are said to gamble more than
any other nation.
ELI DENISON'S
CAREER HAS
TERMINATED
Dies at His Home Aft
er a Long Illness.
AN INFLEXIBLE REPUBLICAN
WORKED WITH RAILROADS FOR
OVER HALF A CENTURY.
His Name Inseparably Connected
With the News Agency of the
Southern Pacific Com
pany.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 7.
Senator Eli Sherwln Denlson died thl9
afternoon at his home in "West Oakland,
after a protracted illness of several
weeks. For many days past his condition
has remained unchanged, and but little
hope was held out for his ultimate re
covery. This afternoon, without any par
ticular change, he quietly passed away.
Wherever trains run on the Pacific
Coast Ell Denison was known. His ac
quaintanceship with California and its
peopte has grown with the spreading of
the Southern Pacific Railway. Senator
Denison and the railroad are terms which
always seem to go together, and by his
perseverance, activity and business ability
he built up an enormous business on the
system, which had made him rich, and
which is now so vast that it is believed
he has paid to the railroad company $25,000
for his privileges for the current year.
Next to being known as a railroad news
agent, Eli Denison has figured most prom
inently as a Republican. Since taking an
active part in politics in ISS4, when he
went to the National Convention as a del
egate, he has never swerved a particle to
the right or to the left, but has been a
persistent adherent of Republican prin
ciples.
In 1890 he was elected to the State Sen
ate, and has succeeded himself ever since,
although he caused it to be known several
months ago that he could not be a can
didate at the coming election. As a poli
tician every one in Alameda County
knows that Eli Denison was generous to
a fault. On every occasion when funds
were required for conducting a party cam
paign he could be depended upon for gen
erous support. He was decidedly popular,
and although, on account of his business,
the anti-railroad element regarded him as
an enemy, it was never able to hurt his
political record.
The deceased Senator came from Onon
daga County, New York, where he was
born in August seventy-one years ago.
At the early age of 13 he left his father's
farm and started out to earn a living for
himself. His first railroad employment
was on the New York Central, and after
a little experience there he went to Nica
ragua in 1849 as foreman of a gang en
gaged in constructing thirteen miles of
plank road between Lake Nicaragua and
San Juan.
Mining on the Feather River in Califor
nia and at other different points occupieu
his time until 1859, in which year he went
to work as baggageman on the Sacramento
Valley Railroad. Mining again occupied
h'm in 1562, when he went to Virginia
City to develop a quartz mine. A little
later he was employed by the Central
Pacific, his run being from Sacramento
to the end of the road eastward. This
run naturally increased as the building of
the read progressed, and he was one of
the spectators on May 12, 1869, who wit
nessed the driving of the golden spike
that united the Central and Union Pa-
cifie.
Pi Juno 1, 1869. Mr. Denison took the
position of news agent for the railroafl,
and foi twenty-nine years he has stead
ily followed that business. Every trav
eler In California is acquainted with the
cxtfnt of the business Mr. Denison built
up from the beginning. In 1890, with three
other ceritalists, he bought out the little
Laundry Farm Railroad, which was more
recently acquired by the Realty Syndl
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The f»8- _ yf
tlmlli /HM S/&/9 s? ~ 1 ***
cate end is now a part of Oakland's vast
system of electric railroads.
Mr. Denison was married in Sacramento
in 1 86S to Mrs. Celia Sloper, and their
chiloren, who now reside at the family
resilience, are Misses Lurana and Olive.
The deceased Senator was a member of
the Union Leagtie, of Tthama Lodge No.
3, Fre;. and Accepted Masons, at Sacra
mento, and of Golden Gate Lodge of the
Knights of Honor.
About a month ago* realizing that the
large news agency on the Southern Pa
cific system required more attention than
he cculd ever hope to give it again. Sen
ator Denison caused the incorporation of
his interests in the Denlson News Com-
During the thirty years of his experi
ence as news agent, the deceased has em
ployed hundreds of people, and by his
generosity many have been enabled to
make good starts in life. In Oakland
many are to be found who have great
cause to remember the dead Senator with
gratitude.
The funeral services of the late Sena
tor will be held Sunday afternoon at his
residence, at 2 o'clock.
The City Trustees.
ALAMEDA. JulW 7.— At the meeting of
the Board of City* Trustees last evening
City Attorney Taylor, to whom had been
referred the matter of the proposed elec
tion for the issuance of school bonds, re
ported that owing to the conflicting stat
utes regarding the issuance of municipal
bonds he did not believe it would be pos
sible to sell them even if they were sanc
tioned by the voters. Therefore he rec
ommended that the city do not Incur the
expense of $1000 or more necessary to hold
such election. No action was taken In
the matter.
The report of the Board of Health ad
verse to the establishment of a garbage
crematory on the marsh was received and
filed. In the meantime the erection of the
crematory is going on.
The application of hiohns & Kaltenbach
for a reduction of their delivery wagon
license from $100 to $60 was refused. This
is taken as an Indication of the probable
action of the board when the application
of the saloon-keepers for a similar pro
portionate reduction comes up.
LIGHTING THE STREETS.
The Supervisors Favor the Plan Sug
gested by the Merchants' As
sociation.
The question of lighting the streets was
under consideration yesterday by the
Street Lighting Committee of the Su
pervisors. The plan suggested uy the
Merchants' Association that the city be j
divided into districts and that bids be
invited for the lighting of each district
was favorably accepted.
President Baldwin of the' Merchants'
Association urged the district plan. He
said that it woul^ afford an opportunity for ;
others than the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company to bid, whereas if there
was a general bid calling for the lighting
of all the city competition would be shut :
off.
President Crockett, representing the
Gas and Electric Light Company, said
that any plan would be satisfactory to the
company he represented. ''We are willing i
to bid," said he. "for the entire lighting
of the city or any part of it."
Supervisor Clinton said that the tlnT»
was coming when the city would have Its
own lighting plant and that it wouia be
advisable to commence on the work at
once by securing a plant.
After considerable discussion, it was de
cided to instruct Clerk Russell and Super
visor Rivers to draw up plans and speci
fications in accordance with the sugges
tions made by the Merchants' Associa
tion.
Woodbridge Canal Sale.
No bids were received yesterday by
United States Commissioner Heacock for
the sale of the property of the Wood
bridge Canal and Irrigation Company, and
the matter was continued until this morn
ing at 11 o'clock. ,
■ ♦ ■ . -
Alice i Six
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIT FOR A KING.
Is our patrons' verdict on our artistic
laundry work. "We take pains to please
— we must please! Our reputation as
an Al first-class laundry is at stake
if we don't, and we want it to be the
King pin in San Francisco, as a Mecca
for those who want la*andry work done
so as to make their linen look like new
every time. And we do it!
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street. Telephone
South 420.
' I- ¥W /M (71 1 : hilKffi :
4 » A Bociety.lady, in a busy Connecticut town recounts an extremely
• trying '. experience. "I have suffered," Baid she, 'about everything possible
from weak stomach and chronic constipation, and many a night have had to sit
In bed, propped up with pillows and get what sleep" I could that 1 way. I could
not lie down; if I did I would feel a terrible choking sensation^ which made me
gasp for breath. Everything seemed to ferment the moment it got into my
jtamach, and often I felt bloated and generally miserable. Since I began using
RIPANB TABULES £
I have been so greatly, relieved that I fully believe they will soon core me
•ntirely."
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
f '..■'■;.. I
6 3\ ill k%. d
A V ' ' ' '■'. 6
|r| -.• * $
* : 6
* Drink No More
A : ' ■■' ■■■ ' ' ' " "■©
I <• «s» <>»•«►» »■ H» •
! f The Keeley treatment takes ?
f away all desire for drink f
T or drugs. 9
V* It is harmless and pleas- f
▼ ant'
I It is safe and sure. I
I * It is the only liqaor cure a
* that has been indorsed by a
| the United States Govern- «
to ment. • fi
Send for printed matter that tells A
Send for printed matter that tells V
m all about it. ..." 'r-o'.-y ft ;
A THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, • A
A 1170 Market St., San Francisco. a
V 132 North Main St., Los Angeles. V
A Fred A. Pollock, Manager. A
600000000000000000
I*** PALACE ""I
°GRAND» OTELS i
jZ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. i
© 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ° ■
O All Under One Management. O
Q -^ NOTE THE PRICES: Q
-. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward n
O American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward V»
Q Correspondence Solicited. . Q
q JOHN 0. KIBKPATRIGK, Manager. Q
000000000000000000
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. It. Chamlet. M. p.
17 THIRD ST., Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
"^T WONG WOO,
. ■ PB©.P 8 ©. CHINESE TEA AND HERB
«j> J SANITARIUM,
V^JjL 764-66 CLAY ST., Ban Francisco, Ca! •
— AjXr£2s ■*&&** All diseases cured excluslv--
3 !f^MW ly by Chinese herbs." over 3000
fKW'tV*^ varieties being used. ' ADVICH
FREE. Hours, 8:30 to 11 » m.. i to 3 and Ito
Ip.m. .
V^^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J~L\£aJo <>25 KEASNT NT. Established
B«ii* M '" 1 - H!i * lor the treatment of Private
Ira _i *V'^yf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
kh^£% disease wearing 01 1 body and mind and
kWHng Skin Diseases. 'I'hedoctorcureswhou
jNyi««iM»fg{ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
r^tB>ai4j;^;«>i «'nr»*»g-ii^r.-»n»e«-d. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. X' 1 . UfJBBOUT, Box 1957, San Francisco.
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC:
1 75-horse ' power " Roberts boiler, 1 1 35-horse
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
60 wooden boats of all descriptions can be seen
at 718 Third street. GEO. W. KNEASS. '
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■~"'~ r " r " r ."•""." r '""' : ""T; : " '^^ '
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
. Run on : tne Following Time:
(Leave San Franclsco.4:3o p. m*. S.M.T.W.T.P.S.
Denver.. ......5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
(Arrive . Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 8:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
lArrlvo Chicago .... 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
|Berve . Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates. .
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
:',:,• I? You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAN FBAiGISCO TICKET~DFfTcE — 628 MARKET ST.
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 15*).
Oakland Offioa— lllB Broadway.
. : Saoramento Office- 231 J Street, .
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara BL
AUCTION SALES,
P. J. AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), July 8, 1535. at 11 a. m.,
at storeroom, 414 McAllister st., entire stock
furniture and j house furnishing goods, with-
out limit. . - ■'
RAILBOAD : TRAVEL.
»»ITIII:K> IFfC COJIPAKT.
(PACIFIC KV.iTtCM.)
i Tralaa Irmr nml mm «ln«> to nrrl»» ot
NAN Ht4\t IS»».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
t,s*T« — From Joke 1. 1898. - ab*tt»
•O:OOa Nlles. San Jose and Way Stations... *2 :i J3A
7:00 a H.tiicia, Suisun and Sicramento . . 1O: *»A -
7sOOa Marya»llle, OrotiUo aud Keddiug via ■ ■
Woo.U»nd 2 : 1- p
7:00 a Vacaville and Rumsey. Ss4»p
7:»Oa Martinc?., San ltamon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calißtoca and Sauta Kosa... • •:!!»*
8:00 a Atlantic lixpress, ()g.l»m and Hast.. Biiar
•:!lOa Nile*. Sail .lost-. Stockton, lone,
:.•.:-. Sacrameiito. Maryaville, Chico.
TehamaandllcUHult.. 4«15p
•Si3«a Peters, Milton, Oak dale «7:13r
BiOOa New Orleans Kxi.ioks. Merced, Fres-
no, lSakeralield, Santa ItnrliHra.
1^)8 Aiik«l«». Derali.K. I"' l '™»,
New Orleans and Kast «i-l-1p
IO:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4. »p
•l:OOr Sacrament.. Uirer Ste.iiiins "DrOOp
: Jose, Nilesand Way Stations... J«J:l5a
*:00f Livermore, Merdota, Uanford and
VUaUa.. - 4 - 13 *
LlTwrmore, Sin Jose, Niles mil way _
Stations — *!2 : "*
Fresno, Yosemlte, Merced, Martloe* 12:13*
«iOOP Martiner, Han Uaniou, V»ll«jo. ;
Napa. Callatoga, lil Verauo and -
SantiiHoßa •iIBA ,
4ioor Benicia, Vacav'Jle, Woodland.
'■ Kuitfits Lauding. MtrysTllle, Oro- .
Tllle and . Sacramento '£ .2*
4:8 Op Nlles. San Jose, Tr»cy and Stockton .. 7:15r
«iBor Stockton, Lodi, Oakdalo (James-
town for Yoaemite), Merced , 1*»»
#i3op Laturop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno, '■? «•:;«
: MojaTe. Santa liarbara and Lot ,"_^ i - < '
Angles »** B^
4i»op Santa Ke Koiite. Atlantic KzpreM j_- ',-
for Mojave and Kast •'**'
•rOOp Knroi>eau Mail. Ogden and ICask.... .2 ! ™ 4
••:OOr Vallejo ***••*
«:«M»i- Haywardn. Nilcunnd Han .T0w...... ' 7i*»A
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bia-
tions ■ J»»»*
8:OOp OreKOii Sacramento, Marys-
tills. Itud.lit.K. rortliiu.l. I'iige* -._
! Hound anil Kust ■ »;l3i
*'BAN LKA.M»U(» AM) IHVWAIiIIS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Metro*)'. Srmliinrr I'iirk, f ''t'^
*:OOa Kltrliliiire. L'imliurftt, .iXii'-w
! .»\1« A San Leaiulro, South San ■•»»*
i '.V-.ooi Leanuro,K»t«(ll<!o, i2 : i5 P
ti-i-oOM Lorenro, CUerry • ji:43p
SiOOp ■ Haywardd. < : 15
S:O0p Ilaywardn. < £ I I3 P
7ioop ( Runs through to Nllo«. . . ¥«*•»*
;>.'t ■ j t From Ni'eg. ■ -I'
COAST DIVISION (Narrow tiauire).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
;7:45a Santo Crux Excursion, Santa Crul
.and Principal Way Stations ....... JSiOS* »
BilsANewark,CenterTille,SanJose,Felton, ,-
! BoulderCreek,SantaOnaandWajf
; 5tati0n........... •_=••• B|s0 *
I •StlOr Newark, Centerrme, San Jo»e, New
i Alrnaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
, , SanU.Ciuz and Principal Wa»
i-\-""<>- Stations •■•■■ Moia«A
I 4ilsp San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations »:«•*■
! o4 : 1 5 p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz JV:*» A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromSlK FKIHOISCO— Foot of Mirk»t Simt (Slip I)—
•7 15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:CO
•4:00 . 45:00 *6:Mr». ■ ;
FromOilUlD— Fool »f Br«adw»j.— "8:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
|12:C0 •1:00 t2:M »3:00 't*:00 •5-OQl 1 -.
' COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
: V {Third and Tuwnseiul St<.) '
•7tUOA San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almsdeti Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l«8O»
I {7i3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Bur to Cruz, Pacific Grove and •„
•'..■--' -■-- Principal Way Stations :•»••#
•:«»A Han .foso. Tres Pimm, Hiuita Crux,
Pacilic OroTt. Paso Xtubles, Sau
liiiU 01« Uno, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilor
lOiIOa Sau Jose and Way Stations !2 : 22*
! 11:3Oa Ban J.«e and Way Stations •H:3»A
•X:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, .
Palo Alto. Santo Clara. San Jose,
Oilroy, Holllster. Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove .......w. •I«i8«»
•S:XOp 6au Jose and Way SUUons •U:<.« A
i »4:15r San Jose mud Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6:35 a
8:SOp Ban Jose and Principal Way Station* »:80p
6::iopBan Joteaud Way Stations v 7:30P
<H:4sp San Jose and Way Stations ...^TutOj;
1 A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
i *Bun<Uys eice|ited. t Sundays only, i Saturdays owl»
I Sundays and Monday* - a Saturdays and Sunday*.
- -
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T&unw F«nr>. P—t of kLukmtS*.
SAN " FRAN'CISCQ TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
I and 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
■5:00, 6:20 p. m. .
SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ear. Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same -schedule as above. ■
Leave ~j Arrive
! San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
•! June 29, ' ■
: Week I . Sun- I IS9S. ; " Sun- I Week
I Days. I days. | Destination. ( days. ( Days.
7:30 ami S:00 ami Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pro! 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm', 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
.-.-. 1 j Fulton. I. T :
7:30 am Windsor, " 10:25 am
H»alflphurg,
Lytton. ' .
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am ' Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am JHopland and : ~ 10:25 am
j 3:30 pm 5:00 am Ukiah. ) 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami '- J : ■- ■ j 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm ■ ■
3:30 pm| | ■ 6:22 pm
t:M ami 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 ami S:4O am
; i ■■- - -.■■. I. and : I I
6:10 pm|_ 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen^ 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sevastopol. [10:40 am 110 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| - | 7:35 pm] 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. • Lakeport and - Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,"
Hullvllle, Booneville,\ Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Brass, Westport, Usal. ••/..
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets . at
reduced rates. - - :
On Sundays I round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offloos. fiF.O Market St.. ChrnnM» his.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ia»», trains Will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixe.l, ) Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday i ger,
Daily. Exc'ptad tions. Exc'ptedl Daily.
7:20 aml 9:CO a m Stockton 8:46 pmj 5:40 p m
9:10 a m' 12:50 p m Merced 12:80 p m 3:.',;! p m
| 10:40 aml 3:50 p m Kresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
I H-35 a m 6:45 p m Hanfnrd 7:45 am| 1:25 p m
2:4". p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld 2:80 a m 10:13 a m
12:06 p m 7:50 p m Vlealia 6:40 a mi 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. daily, at Merced with stages to and
from SnelMngs, Coulterville, Yosemite, etc.;
also with stage from Hornitoa, Mariposa. etc :
at Lankerehim with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May L 1898.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; '1:40. 3:20, 4:00, 6:15. »6:00.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11 :W
d. m.
SUNDAYS. t
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo. •9:00,
•MOO 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, »2:30, *4:00 L
6:30, 6:45 p m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Pan Rafael.
E:3O p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 P m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'na.
WOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Sausaliu Ferry. >
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1.
1898:
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m,
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
8:30 p. m.
July Uh. 189S, trains will run on Sunday tima
Round trip from Mill Valley. 81.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
mtraat. San Francisco.
1112
FAVORITES' DAY
AT OAKLAND
Lou Handily Won Her
Maiden Victory.
KETCHUM AND REX WINNERS
JULIET D FELL DOWN AFTEB
WINNING A FAST HEAT.
Judges Were Not Certain as to
Their Jurisdiction in the Case
of Driver Thompson,
Notes.
There was right good racing at Oakland
yesterday, even though three of the win
ners outclassed their fields considerably
'and won easily.
The fast young mare. Lou. by Ira, he
by Piedmont, 2:17 V stopped to a record
of 2:lBV* in the 2:27 trot and defeated Ma
bel McKinney. the mare which took a
mark of 2:17 on Tuesrtsy. Lou was at Ito
2 and never in trouble. Donnthan merely
rated her so as to ge' the money without
a low record. She stepped to the half in
1:08 and it was then all over, for Mabel,
the only real competitor, couldn't live the
clip and was hitching along and appar
ently all out. Diana easily led the second
brigade home and the handsome chest
nut mare. Anna Bell, pulled up very lame.
Brice McNeil. 3 to 5 favorite, won the
2:40 trot nicely in 2:19H; Sable Frances
placed and rated second at 6 to 5 In the
betting: Silver Queen was not at herself
and succumbed to a sprint on the part
of Joe Selby down the stretch and fell
behind the money. She is fast, but It
Eimply was not her day. In the auctions
the field sold at 7 to 5 for Sable Frances.
The 2:17 pacers went three heats, as
young Durfee landed his big McKlnney
mare. Juliette D. first the opening trip
In 2:1,' I*21 *2 and showed a lot of Bpeed.
Ketchum was on his best behavior there
after and eloped it out In 2:lBVi. 2:19 1 -j, the
mare tiring and Fitz Aymon'a driver let
ting them get so far away the little black
couldn't quite reach on the stretch. In
the second heat a more determined drive
might have changed matters. William
Baker was a disappointment. It was a
good betting affair, Ketchum opening fa
vorite at 3 to h, then it was Juliette D at
2 to 5, and as they appeared for the last
heat Fitz Aymon h*d the call at 4 to 6.
Juliette has not had work enough as yet
to race where she can pace and certainly
should touch 2:12 when at feather edge..
Lynall was a prohibitive favorite at 1
to 2 for the 2:23 trot, and won easily over
Nellie Bly, Menlo B.Mie and Listerlne. He
outclasses them by seconds and won hands
down in 2:23. Hopoboom had merely to
steady him and let him go a work-out
away out in front. Nellie Bly showed
improved form, and was quite brushy,
but could not get near enough at the last
end of it to make it at all interesting.
Jimmy Sullivan won the last race with
Rex Alto, die of Walter Maben's side
wheelers, in 2:17, this time omitting the
customary break. Hex has a world of
speod any time when steady, and after
Staying back last to the head of the
stretch sprinted home too fast for Charlos
David, and won by a couple of open
lengths. Donathan never let up on David,
but he couldn't stall off Alto's rush for
the last quarter was :32-V and Sullivan
pimply sitting still. Price* were Rex Alto
3 to 5. Charles David even money and the.
others at 3 to 1. In the auctions It was
Rex 10, the field 7, and they played him
pretty stiffly at the quotations. He will
beat more than beat him ere the s»a-
Bon's end. and few prettier moving pacers
can be found, he wearing merely quarter
boots, and not actually requiring even
them.
Nothing has yet been done about
Thompson's case, as the new rules leave
a little doubt as to the exact powers of
the judges, they having been modified
at last winter's meeting of the board,
and until the limitation of the Judges'
power in the premises is determined it is
considered better to postpone action. The
Oakwood Baron case at Columbus, 0.,
last season rather revolutionized affairs
and is doubtless well remembered by all
trotting horse followers.
Mr. Cohen got the fields away nicely
and the programme was run oft on sche
dule time and all hands reached town
by 6 o'clock. To-day's card commences
at 2 o'clock and some splendid fields are
nominated for each of the fly« races. The
results are by no means oasy to mark
beforehand inasmuch as the keenest com
petition soems assured, judged by a cas
ual glance ov^r the list of entries which
Secretary Kelly has secured. Should the
horsemen respond at all liberally as to
entries for future events the meeting is
pure to be extended to July 23 and grand
sport obtain.
Everything considered a fair attendance
turned out. It Is a trifle chilly for any
phenomenal time achievements, yet the
track could hardly be bettered, and the
winners may yet have to go several
notches out of their classes to get the
money. Ladles are admitted free and a
goodly number wore present to watch the
sport. Summaries:
FIRST RACE.
2:27 class, trotting, one mile da«h; purse $200:
Lou, b. m. by Ira (W. Donathan) 1
Mabel MrKinney. b. m. by McKlnney (C.
Tlmrnquest) ; I
Dfana, h. m. by Daly (S. Norrls) 3
Winella and Anna Bell also started and fin
ished In that order.
Time- -:34'. ft . l:0S, 1:44, 2:18%.
Betting: Auctions— Lou $5. field $3. Books-
Lou 1 to 2, Mabel McKlnney 6 to 6, Diana 5,
Anna Uell 6, Winella 5.
SRCOND RACE.
2:40 class, trotting, one mile dash: purse $200:
Brlce McNeil, eh. h. by Dudley (J. Quinn) 1
Sable Frances, blk. m. by Sable Wilkes (J.
Sullivan) I
Joe Selby. b. g. by Don L (J. L. Smith) 3
Sliver Queen, Bertha R and E<l Winship also
started and finished In that order.
Time— :33%. J:r?u, 1:43. 2;19V4,.
Betting: Auctions— Field $7, Sable Frances
$S. Books— Brlce McNeil S to 5. Sable Frances
6 to 5, Joe Selby 3, Sliver Queen and Bertha R
3, Ed Wlnehlp 4.
THIRD RACE.
2:17 class, pacing, one mile, heats. 2 In 3
purse $300:
Ketchum, b. s. by Gosslper (John Ba
ker) 4 i
Juliet D, b. m. by McKlnney (W. G.
Durfee) 1 2 2
Fitz Aymon, blk. k. by Waldsteln (C.
Hurlburt) 2 2 3
William Baker, b. h. by Sllkwood (J
Sullivan) 3 4 4
Time: First heat— :Z2%, 1:06, 1:41, 215V4
Beeoad heat— :34, l:OS>-s. l:44ii 2-18V A
Third heat— :33>,4, 1 :0<i, I : 44 Vi , 2:lM'^. '
netting: Hooks, first heat — Juliet I) 6 to 5
Fitz Aymon 4, William Haker 8 to 5, Ketchum
4 to 5. Second heat— Ketchum 2, Fltz Aymon
J. Juliet I) 2 to r>, William Baker 2. Third heat
— Ketchum even, Juliet D 6 to 5, Fits Aymon
4 to 5. William Bakor 6. Auctions— Field Sin
Ketchum $9. After first heat, Juliet D $io'
field $5. After second heot, field $6, Ketchum $s!
FOURTH RACE.
2:23 class, special, trotting, one mile dash
purse $50:
Lynall, eh. g. by Lynmont (W. Hogoboom) 1
Nellie Bly. b. m. by Starboul (C. A. Owen) 2
Menlo Belle, b. m. by Menlo (H. Hellman) 3
Llsterlne also started.
Time— :3sVi. 1:12. 1:48. 2:23.
Betting: Auctions— Lynall $10. field $7. Books
—Lynall 1 to J, Nellie Bly 3. Menlo Belle 3
Llsterlne 3.
FIFTH RACE.
Special for named horses, one mile dash;
purse $50:
Bex Alto, b. g. by Alto Rex ( James Sullivan). 1
Charles Pavld, b. g. by Sidney (W. Dona
than) 2
The Rover, b. g. (C. E. Clark) 3
Llndo also started.
Time— :34V4. 1:10, 1:44*4, 2:17.
Betting: Auctions— Rex Alto $10, field $8
Books— Rex Alto 3 to ,1, Charles David evens
The Rover and Llndo 3.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race, 2:19 class, trotting, mile dash;
purse $200— Charles A. Hug's Mojave, D. R.
Knight's Daymont, F. Hahn's Addlson, A. G.
Gurnett's Melvar, P. J. Williams' Silver Ring,
John Curley's Little Miss, V>ndome Stock
Farm's Iran AHo. George E. Shaw's Uncle
Johnny.
Second race, special for members of Golden
Gate Driving Club, mile dash— J. C. Klrkpat
rlck's Azalea, George Berry's Chloe, E. Stew
art's Butcher Boy, C. L. Swett's Steve S.
Third race. 2:80 class, trotting, heats, two In
three; purse JSOO— M. Crow's Aggregate, James
Sutherland's Favor, C. E. Clark's Ltsterlne,
Rose Dale Farm's Diana, Charles L. Griffiths'
Rect. William L. Spoors Mabel McKinney, W.
S. Durfee's Mamie Rlley, E. P. Heald's Pilot
McOellan.
Fourth race, 2:12 class, trotting, mile dash;
purse $200— James Sulllvnn's Mamie Griffin. C.
E. Clark's Toggles. Richard Abie's Galette, J.
B. Iverson's Prince Gift. A. Winshlp's Aster.
Fifth race, 2:14 class, special, trotting, mile
dash— Vendome Stock Farm's Thompson, R.
Rodriguez' Clay 6. W. G. Dux-fee's Osito,
Charles A. Hug's Mojave.
WHAT CONSTITUTES A MANP
Father Younan of the Paulist Com
munity Delivers an Interesting
Lecture.
"What Constitutes a Man" was the sub
ject of aji interesting and instructive
lecture by Father E. H. Younan last
evening at the Metropolitan Temple,
poverty, chastity and obedience were the
three essentials that the lecturer main
tained were the real characteristics of
true manhood.
A distinct and well defined parallel be
tween the civilzed man and the pagan
was drawn and the traits that ennoble
the one and degrade the other outlined
and exemplified.
As a conclusion the lecturer drew a
vivid picture of the manhood of to-day,
speaking of the virtue prompted by love
of country, of home, of parents and of
God as the sole incentive stimulating the
young soldier on the battlefield, for con
tending and fighting for victories that
might protect his home, country and re
ligion.
The lecture was under the immediate
auspices of the Cathedral Council No. 59
of the Yj M. 1., and was delivered before
an immense audience. It was preceded by
a well-arranged and Interesting pro
gramme of vocal selections and Instru
mental patrotic music.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
P. A. Buell of Stockton is at the Grand.
R. C. Sargent of Stockton Is at the
Russ.
George Crocker arrived from the East
last night.
C. A. Johnson of Honolulu is registered
at the Palace.
T. W. O'Neill, ex-Sheriff of Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
Judge H. W. Magee of Pasadena, Bank
Inspector, is at the Grand.
E. D. Ham, Superior Judge of Napa
County, is registered at the Russ.
J. B. Meloche, proprietor of the Stock
ton Ice Works, is stopning at the Grand.
B. M. Lelong, secretary of the State
Board of Horticulture, is at the Grand.
Fred Dodd. proprietor of the Hughes
House of Fresno, is staying at the Bald
win.
Dr. A. de P. Rickley of the National
Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica is at the !
Palace.
On Wednesday
a party of dis
tinguished Japa- j
nese arrived at |
the Palace Hotel. |
As they are men !
of some import- ■
ance in both bus- j
A DAN BUT |
NO l
BEERSHEBA. (
mess and social circles of their own coun- i
try quite a number of the Japanese col- 1
ony of this city called continuously •
throughout the day. Most inquiries were j
for Takuma Dan. the most noteworthy
of the visitors. A hotel frequenter was i
leaning against the office counter for
some time, and whenever he heard the
name of Dan mentioned his face would
suddenly assume an expression which de- j
noted a heavy mental process within. !
The name was familiar to him and it al- i
ways went linked with a distant friend, i
And then he bethought himself of a joke.
The hotel clerk doing service that night
is the mildest and at times the most un
suspecting of men: so it was upon him j
that the lounger determined to make his j
little sally. With all Feriousness he asked '
the, clerk where Beersheba was. Wisdom i
mantled the latter's brow and after look- j
ing over the register he said that Beer- I
sheba did not come in with that party of j
Japanese. Just then a son of the land
of the setting sun walked across the
court and the clerk In a helpful way sug
gested that it might be Mr. Beersheba. }
Then the joker delivered a lecture on the ;
necessity of teaching the Bible to the
hotel clerk, reputed to be the wisest spe
cies of the genus homo.
Supreme Justice Henshaw and W. W.
Foote. will leave for Towles this morning
on a fishing excursion.
W. R. Farrington. editor of the lately
established Evening Bulletin of Honolulu.
Is In this city for a short stay.
H. W. Wicklns and A. L. Jenkins of
London and A. M. Vorrel of Glasgow arc
In this city to look out for some foreign
mining enterprises.
J. B. Wright, superintendent of the
Sacramento division of tho Southern Pa
cific, and J. L. Gillls of the Southern Pa
cific Company, are at the Palace.
The following arrivals on the Rio de
Janeiro are stopping at the Occidental:
Rev. Judson Smith of Boston, A. Mar
galius of St. Petersburg; E. Roeper, a
merchant of Shanghai; Nicolaz Sorokou
mowsky of Moscow, C. Swynerton of
London. C. W. B. Prescott of London, C.
F. Brown of London, G. H. Paris of Hon
olulu, R. G. Van Ness of Honolulu.
California — Colonel George W. Mac
farlane of Honolulu. G . F. Saywell
and wife of Honolulu. L. M. Vetlesen,
manager of the Hawaiian Harbor Com
pany; E. W. Dowsett and Mr. and Mrs.
Herbert of Honolulu.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 7.— William Babcock
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan.
John Corrigan of San Francisco is at the
Buckingham. B. B. Thayor of San Fran
cisco Is at the Hoffman. William Shaw of
San Francisco has gone to Paris.
Deadly Microbes in a Pinch of Dust
by
Dr. Pillsbury in Next Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R E Slaven. NY J H Topley, Vallejo
& B Powers, NY A G Mitchell & w, Cal
G A Whlteford, Va E W Wheeler, L Ang
Mrs Dr Goul. Sonora A C Thomnpon&w, Cal
C A Kollenberg, Ind F Palmer. Chgo
F J Bartel, Ind F H Karrar. Merced
J H Howard & w. Ind Mrs W H Black. Ricks
Dr J W Dodson & w. Miss R Taylor. Woodln
Tacoma Mrs E P Nelson. N V
C Johnson, D C Miss Nelson, N V
C G Brown, Me Mrs W J Walton, Cal
C J Patton. MD. Can Miss Walton, Sutter C
F C Nash, Pasadena H W Wlckins. London
Mrs G J Seymour.LAn A L Jenkins, Glasgow
Mrs C M Richey, Italy A N Werel. Glasgow
Mile C Alnee. Italy Miss Stoddard, Merced
W J Richey, Chgo T A Hopkins, Boston
E T Clark, England T W O'Nell. Sacto
T Moyle, Placerville I T Corbett. St Louts
E E Condo, Sacto 3 L Cobb, Cal
Mrs J Singleton, LAngjG D Easton. Los Ang
W Murray. Oakland X Munro. Victoria
J D Meloche. Stockton B M Lelong. Sacto
J S Crowell. Long Surf L D Jacks, Santa Rosa
E J Wilson &w, N V Mrs F H Farrar. Mrcd
J M Cox, NY AC, Sehulz, Portervlle
J H Glide & w. Sacto H B Miller. Napa
M S Allrlght. Sacto Mrs Laughlln, Mark W
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W Sherer Jr, N V IM Frledlander, Chlcgo
Dr Rulinnon. Reno IJ Dant, Phlla
W Loulsson, Honolulu i J W Hoff & w, L Ang
Mre Cutting, NY C Cushman, Chicago
F Cash. Chicago J Fyfe Jr, Stockton
G Klein. Stockton H Barstow & d, Napa
H Lindner, S Cruz J McMeans & w, lowa
C N Bowler, S Crux P Kerkow, L Ang
F A Moses. Newark O I Wise & w NT
J McGlll. Vallejo C C Hollinshea'd N V
M C Gustin, Cal E S Brown, Phila
M E Harris. Oakland C E Boeklnger Phlla
5 Wllmer. Oakland B Coote & w. N V
W Vincent. Oakland S Thomas. Oakland
F Dodd, Fresno «
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L Forsberg. Petaluma G Harper. Oakdale
E McDavid, Ky T Idle, Fresno
C Culatta. S Jose H W Brundeg* & w
Mre O W Zeuhl & f, L Ang
Chicago N Vordmine, N V
W A Gordon, Alaska C Bevan. S Jose
C Flnberg, S Rosa A M Fosdlck, Idaho
T H O'Brien, Alaska |C McFadden. S Cruz
J Warneke, Neb |J B Foley. Fresno
6 E Ballard, Riverside C M Brown, Merced
H M Leonard. Nev I R Metzter, Chicago
1. O Cortl. BalursfieldJ
THE SAN" FKAXUISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898.
EXPERT CURTIS
GROWS WEARY
Protracted Examination
Shows on Him.
OVER A WEEK UNDER FIRE
BALLROAD COMMISSIONERS IN
TERESTED LISTENERS.
Attorney General Fitzgerald Closely
Examining Into the Witness'
Qualifications as an
Expert.
Attorney General Fitzgerald devoted
two hours and a half yesterday examin
ing Engineer Curtis of the Southern Pa
cific Company as to his qualifica
tions as an expert, with a view to min
imizing his testimony given on hlB direct
examination.
The witness seemed unperturbed by the
hundred and one interrogations put to
'him, and calmly answered each inquiry
into his knowledge of matters pertaining
to railroads, past and present, drawing
on his unlimited fund of information on
the subject.
Very few spectators visit Commission
er Heacock's court room, as the testimony
is technical and usually uninteresting.
Railroad Commissioners La Rue and
Hinton are daily visitors, however, and
listen attentively to all that is said.
It is their purpose as soon as the present
proceedings are concluded to take up and
further develop matters brought out dur
ing the taking of testimony. A stipula
tion was entered into between Attorney
General Fitzgerald and Mr. Herrin, rep
resenting the parties interested and the
Railroad Commissioners, by which it was
agreed that all testimony taken may be
used at their hearing.
Mr. Curtis showed the first signs of be
ing fatigued and ruffled since the cross
questioning began, it was near the closa
of the day's examination and every one
had become wearied by listening to the
cost of rails and other necessaries, when
the Attorney General put the following
query to the witness:
"What would you say if Mr. Hood or
Senator Stanford and others had testi
fied that this identical work on the Cen
tral Pacific could have been done for 75
per cent less than what was charged
there — $SOO per mile?"
Mr. Herrin noted his objection to the
question on the regular grounds, and
further stated that no such testimony
was given.
Mr. Curtis then in a voice a little
sharper than usual said: "I should not
care who said that a thing was differ
ent than what my own judgment and ex
perience taught me, I would stand by the
fact, no matter how great a man said it
to the contrary." s
The matter passed off in a maze of
questions as to the number of water
tanks, depots and other articles used on
the Oregon Branch of the Central Pacillc
Railroad.
"You stated yesterday," said Judge
Fitzgerald, "that you were detailed to
look after tunnels 14 and 15 of the Central
Pacific Railroad; when were those tun
nels constructed."
"The original construction I think was
in the year ISC6 or 1867," said Curtis. "I
was assistant in the engineers depart
ment—assistant to the chief of the party,
Mr. Stevenson. He was an assistant en
gineer and 1 was subordinate to him. I
was learning the profession then, run
ning leveling instruments, handling the
chain and doing all sorts of such work?"
The witness thought the construction of
these tunnels was done by the Charles
Crocker Company.
Attorney General Fitzgerald then ques
tioned him as to matters pertaining to
the Oregon Branch of the Central Pa
cific. Besides being asked the number of
men employed In the road's construction,
their pay, etc., questions similar to these
wore propounded: "What did the signals
and signs on this line cost if there were
any?" "What is the nature and extent
and supply of this road?" How many
tanks' are there?"
To all of which the witness expressed
his willingness to enlighten his questioner
by producing memoranda taken at the
2 o'clock to-day.
Further testimony will be taken at
2:00 o'clock to-day.
SUNSET VALLEY
CELEBRATION
RESIDENTS WILL GIVE VENT
TO THEIR JOY.
City Officials and Others Are Invited
to Participate in the Jubilee
Next Monday.
There will be a hot time In the Sunset
Valley on next Monday night. This,
however, means that there will be a
warmth of welcome for those invited to
be present at the jubilee which Is In prep
aration to hall the coming prosperity nt
the setting sun district. The day of sloth
and indifference has been passed and one
of prosperity and go-a-headness has
taken its place. For all of this good for
tune the Sunset District Improvement
Club may be given the credit. Before the
formation of this club the Sunset Valley
was a waste of sand dunes with not
enough of vegetation to maintain a jack
rabbit or house room to shield a do
mestic mouse.
At the last meeting of the Improvement
club Edward EWald, chairman of the ex
ecutive committee, gave a brief outline o:
the many improvements done, as also
those In progress in the district.
Mr. Ewald's report stated that: The,
work of macadamizing Ninth avenuu
from H streot to the Almshouse tract had
been commenced; that the grading and
macadamizing of F street, from Eighth
to Tenth avenues, had been protested
against, but that the committee expected
the protesting property owners would
reconsider their action and have the por
tion as far as the west line of Nintn
avenue improved, in order that the rail
road company can lay its tracks on the
same for an electric line up Ninth avenue
to the Almshouse tract and City and
County Hospital.
The report also stated that there was
a possibility of the Byfield tract being
graded by the Sutro estate, with a view
of selling the same. This would put one
of the most beautiful residence sites In
San Francisco on the market.
The committee also submitted the pro
gramme for the celebration of the secur
ing of a water supply for Sunset Heights,
the conversion of the old steam line Into
a through electric line from the ferries
to the ocean, the completion of that por
tion of the main Intercepting sewer which
had been so long contended for by the
club and the residents of the district.
Having accomplished so much for the
people and with the view of celebrating
the achievements a grand entertain
ment will be given by the residents to
those who aided in accomplishing the
good work.
The club commissioned the following
gentlemen as committees to take charge
of the whole affair:
Finance Committee— John Nightingale, chair
man; E. B. Mastlck. J. K. B. Harmon. Edwin
Ooodale, George A. Pope. Sol Getz, C. G. Lar
sen, E. 1... Montgomery, Bartlett Doe, G. S.
Crlm, Isaac Llebes, T. Jennings, T. B. Bishop,
Louis Llpman.
Reception Committee— Frank Conklln. chair
man; Charles Frankel, J. F. Rltter, Harry I.
Mulcreavy. John McArtamn, Samuel Ickel
heimer. J. J. Donovan, James Kavanagh, Carl
Hinclerer, J. Proll. Jens Anderson. Robert
Hunn. H. G. Ellis, Henry Ickelhelmer. M. J.
Kelly, A. Phillips, V. Armbrußter, George Rod
ger*, Barna McKlnne, P. F. Butler. "VV. H
Ltllle.
Decoration Committee— G. H. Makinson,
chairman; E. B. Hallett, W: A. Hoyt. R. M
W. Bell. E. Cox, P. Furlong. W. T
Beck, Phillip TMez, M. Relinger. B. F. Harnlsh.
Entertainment Committee — Mrs. Daniel Fnley,
chairman; Mrs. J. E. Mlln. Mrs. J. B. Gon
yeau. Mrs. W. H. Jones. Mrs. E. B. Hallett
Mrs. W. A. Hoyt. Mrs. ■William Bell. Mrs. M.
J. Kelly. Mrs. H. G. Ellin, Mrs. Robert Hunn.
Mrs. M. Selinger, Mrs. J. F. Rltter, Mrs. James
Kavanagh, Mrs. R. Keller, Mrs. C. S. Cush
man. Mrs. N. Morris.
Banquet Committee— Mm. Ixiuise Marquard,
chairman: Mrs. Oeorge H. Makinson, Mrs. John
M. Winter. Mrs. Fred HnfTman, Mrs. B. F.
Harnlsh, Mrs. Adolph Betz, Mrs. W. T. Beck,
Mrs. V. Armbruster. Mrs. R. M. Webb and
Messrs. Ruriolph Msrquard, H. C. Winter.
Adolph Betz, Henry Marquard.
Ice Cream Committee— Mrs. A. Harrington,
chairman: Mrs. E. Cox. Mrs. Phillip Dlez. Mrs.
John MoAdame. Mrs. J. Proll, Misses D. Qulg
ley, Esther Morris, Freda Marquard and May
Taylor.
Dancing Committee— J. E. Milan, floor man
ager: James Qulcley, W. H. Jones, A. Harring
ton, John M. Winter. T. F. Taylor and Gus
Wessllng, assistant floor managers.
■• ■ >
SIGNED A WORTHLESS CHECK.
L. A. Grade to Be Arrested on a War
rant for Believing a Debt by
Unlawful Means.
M. A. Owens, proprietor of a restaurant
at 7 Ninth street, yesterday swore to a
warrant for the arrest of L. A. Grade, for
roistering a worthless check on him. The
complaining witness states that Grade,
who was engaged in the wholesale candy
business at 538 Washington street about
the 12th of April last, was his friend.
Trusting him as such he loaned him three
hundred dollars which was to have been
paid back within a week, but the day of
payment dragged along and he became
Impatient. He asked Grade for the money
and the latter sat down and wrote him a
check for $320, dating it seven days
ahead and asking that ft not be presented
until the last day. The extra twenty,
he said, was for the trouble caused the
restaurant man.
On the 17th of this month Owens pre
sented the check at the First National
Bank and was told that there were no
funds to Grade's credit. He allowed the
matter to rest until a day or two ago when
he -heard that Grade contemplated going
into insolvency. He accordingly went to
court yesterday and swore out a warrant.
Grade is now in Merced staying on his
father's ranch, but it is said he will be
brought to this city to explain his con
duct. The police telegraphed the Sheriff
of that town to apprehend him.
ALL BLAME PLACED
ON MAJOR LONG
WORKINGMEN CHARGE HIM
WITH DOUBLE DEALING.
Hugh Craig and A. A. Watkins Ar<9
Also Criticized for Their Part
in the Uniform Controversy.
The committee from the Building
Trades Council, which, with the assist
ance of Secretary Rosenberg of the Labor
Council and Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald, has been investigating the manu
facture of soldiers' uniforms by Chinese
and endeavoring to fix the responsibility,
made a detailed report of its work at
last night's meeting of the council.
The report is substantially the same as
the matter which has been published
from day to day in The Call, and in
cludes all the correspondence between
Major Long and the authorities at Wash
ington. Major Long and Hugh Craig and
A. A. Watkins are severely arraigned and
charged with double dealing all through
the report. The part takon by Brigadier
General H. G. Otis Is referred to as fol
lows:
During the Investigation by the army Brig
adier General Harrison Gray Otis, of effete
consistency, again sharpened his fangs, rattled
his accouterrnents and made another venomous
strike at labor, when he declared that further
Investigation was unnecpsoary and only re
sulted In unpleasant newspaper notoriety.
The commissary department is then
charged with "inco; petency and willful
mismanagement" and as being directly
responsible for the present condition of
affairs. The whole case is summed up as
follows:
In conclusion your committee desires to
analyze the position of the various gentlemen
who have been instrumental in depriving com
petent and deserving white labor of a chance
to make a living;, and have thrown the benefits
to < hlnese labor:
First— That Major Long, as quartermaster In
charge, has willfully deceived his superiors by
fending a dispatch misstating truth and fact,
claiming to have canceled contracts, when the
testimony of contractors utterly denies the
fact— disclaiming the knowledge of Chinese
labor when the snme has been openly per
formed throughout the Chinese quarter. That
he has proven incompetent by paying large
sums of money for the shoddiest cloth and
poorest workmanship to be had; that he has
maliciously permitted Nohle. chief clerk, and
Hansen. cutter In the Commissary Department,
to Insult and abuse applicants for work who
have for years performed this work for the
Second— The representative gentlemen. Hugh
Craig and A. A. Watklns, have used their in
fluence to corruptly Indorse the false stand
taken by Major Long, the latter representative
Bcr.il<rrori to receive In return thtrefor benefit
in shape of contracts. Thnt the attitude of
these gentlemen Is condemned by honeßt mer
chants and business men and 1b only supported
by those who number with them as the recip
ients of Government favors.
Third— We desire to confer Infinite prnlse upon
the actions of Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
In carrying on this fight In favor of the citi
zens of San Francisco — determined and true,
hp has. In the face of all the power and in
fluence at the command of the allied Govern
ment, corporation and commercial Interests
proven true to his office and to the people!
and through his efforts corruption has been
revealed and proven, and to htm. In our opin
ion, the working people of San Francisco We
eternal thanks and good wishes. Respectfully
submitted, r. H. MCCARTHY
WTLLTAM H. WOODD,
JAMES W. ROSE,
CHARLES W. DOYLE,
Committee.
Alice Bix
Writes in Next Sunday's Call
How Millions Crushed
a Man.
PLACING THE BLAME
OF THE COLLISION
THE CAPTAINS ACCUSE EACH
OTHER.
Commander of the Eppinger Claims
That He and Hts Crew Were
Badly Treated.
The blame for the wreck of the schooner
Eppinger, which occurred on the 2d inst..
is in doubt, both captains of the vessels
in the collision claiming that they are
Innocent. Captain Goodall of the Columbia
has made a statement blaming Captain
J. F. Colstrup, and now the latter accuses
Goodall.
Captain Colstrup's statement of the
affair Is: "I was about forty-six miles
northwest of Point Reyes, in a heavy fog,
and was keeping a whistle blowing all the
time. I heard a whistle close at hand, and
suddenly tho ship loomed up close to me.
I was on the offshore tack, and had the
right of way. 1 put my helm hard to port,
as I saw no other way to avoid an acci
dent. Instead of going to starboard or
keeping her old course, she was put to
port, and bore down on me. We were
going about three or four knots an hour
and the steamer must have had good
headway, as she cut into the schooner
five or six feet. We of the crew saved
ourselves, three climbing upon the
steamer and then launching a boat for the
rest of us. While on board we were
treated well, but when we reached Port
land the captain told us we would have
to leave the vessel unless we would sign
statements before his attorneys. This we
refused to do, and I was obliged to pay
passage for myself and crew to this port.
I don't consider that this was very good
treatment for a shipwrecked crew."
A resolution was signed by a number
of passengers extending their sympathy
to Captain Colstrop and his crew. This
resolution concludes with the statement,
"As far as we could see, the captain and
crew of the schooner were not responsible
for the accident."
Must Have Bonds.
The Supreme Court has decided In favor
of the executor of the estate of John W.
Mitchell and against the Superior Court
of Stanislaus County. Mitchell was a
very wealthy man. his estate being ap
praised at something over a million dol
lars. Against it were claims aggregating
$178,000. By his will deceased bequeathed
$1f..000 to three persons, who petitioned for
partial distribution. The Superior Court
gave an order granting such distribution,
waiving bonds. From this order the ex
ecutor appealed, objecting to the whole
proceedings. The order of the lower court
was reversed by the higher court, which
held that as the time for the filing of
claims had not expired and the debts had
not been paid the court could not make
an order such as it did without the pro
tection of bonds.
Lawyer Boone Loses.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday decided that a purported compromise
made by Lawyer John L. Boone of the
case of Nathaniel S. Keith was void, and
that the defendant must pay $1957 and
costs, the amount of the judgment. les3
1600 paid to Boone by the defendant on
the alleged compromise.
i■ ♦ «
Henry Norman,
Special Commissioner of the
London Chronicle,
Writes About the New America
In Next Sunday's Call.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market an<l Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open Until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; n™ n until 9:SO o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until » o'clock.
2626 Mission Btreet; open until 9 o'clock.
1506 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
THE Christian preaching and healing services,
being crowded out of the tent, are now held
each evening at 7 o'clock in Mills Tabernacle
(holding thousands), Twelfth and Webster
Bts., Oakland, by Rev. Francis Warnon, as-
sisted by several clergymen, etc. God is
working mightily among us; the totally blind
see; totally deaf hear; the lame discard
crutches,: run and leap, praising Jesus only,
our Savior and Healer. Bring up. your sick;
all is without money and without price.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. ♦_
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- [ftp
gomery Regular assembly THIS II
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. *$$>
All raters are courteously Invited. *.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Commander
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
TERB A BUENA Lodge of Perfection asg*
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- »•
DAY) EVENING, July 8, at 3 o'clock. W
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
FUNERAL California Lodge No. m
I, F. and A. M— The officers and mem- _jffV_
bera of the above-named lodge are jS_3f
hereby notified to attend the funeral of '^r >
brother GEORGE HENRY LOUIS EECKE-
DORFF. in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic
Temple, THIS DAY (FRIDAY), July 8, at
2 o'clock p. m. Master Masons and friends of
the deceased are Invited. By order of the
Master. FRANKLIN 11. DAY, Secretary.
I GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. — Officers and members will meet _**_
at the Temple THIS (FRIDAY) XL'S?
AFTERNOON, at 1 o'clock, to conduct 'XT '
the funeral of their late brother. GEORGE C.
FORSYTH. GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for th» Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the , society's office at
the Animals' Home. Sixteenth and Alabama
Bts., on MONDAY, July 18. 1898, at 4 p. m.,
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected. ,
C. B. HOLBROOK, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders or the San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
311 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July. ISHB, at the hour
of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness an may come before the meeting.
ALKXAXHER MACKIE. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following:
orphan and half-orphan girls and boys have
been admitted to the Han Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum, on Haight st., from
January 1 to July 1, 1S98: Alleen F. Wolf,
11W yrs; Margaret L. Wolf, 9Vs yrs; Hazel
I. Wolf, 8 yrs; Bella Obenauer, 12 yrs; Viola
nianchard, 10 yra; Leona. Blanchard, 8 yrs;
Ethel M. Cheatham, IUVi yrs; Margaret
Forbes, 10% yrs; Ida D. Roper, 8 yrs; Rhoda
Wedde, 9 yrs; Ma Wedde, 8 yrs; Klizabeth
Meyer, i yrs; Margaret Meyer, 3 yrs: Mary
Fleming. 10 yrs; Carrie Loeffler, S% yrs;
George L. Smith, r.'*> yrs; Arthur Smith, 12
yrs; Mark Smith, 8% yrs; Walter Smith, 7
yrs; Charles Fleming, Ills yrs; Thomas
Forbes, 9 1-3 yrs; John A. Primus, SV£ yrs;
Huro G. Berg. 8 yrs; Vivian Herg. 7 yrs;
Charles Wedde, 3'i yrs; Ixjuis H. Flest, 12%
yrs; Albert Flest, 10 1-3 yrs; Leroy Flest, 714
yrs; Orion Blanchard, 11 yra, and Henry
Koenlcke, 3 yrs.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of off Lake st., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from Apill 1 to
June 30, 1S98: Mary Elizabeth Gresham, aged
7 years; Gladys Elizabeth Gresham, 5 years 3
months; Ruth Myer Merrill. 2 years 6 months;
Amelia Daubet. 6 years; Hazel Densmore. 12
years 10 months; Isabella Hague, 10 years 9
months; Maybelle Benbow, S years 2 months;
Fredericka Hermann. 7 years 5 months; Flor-
ence Hermann. 5 years 5 months; Mabel
Lavln, 12 years 1 month; Lizzie Rellly. 4
years; Marjorie Graham, 8 years 11 months.
LBANDOXKU children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum slnr<» January 1, 1898, to July
1, IS9B— Philip Kearns, 2 years; Patrick Nor-
ton, 6 years; Annie Norton. 5 years; Mary
McDonald, 4 years; John McDonald, 2 years;
Robert Cafferty, 5 years; Rose Gomez, 5 years.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
(chocs, towels, flannels, "etc.. very cheap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL PIERCft. manicuring, massage. 230
Kearny st., room 20.
RAY FAIR, water reader and magnetic healer.
208 O'Farrell Bt., room 2.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned: 122 Post at.;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15 Vj and HIS Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. Ills Market st., room 8.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer; room
98, second floor, lfiOo Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER, 865V4 Market St.. room
12, opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol baths and
massage. 101 Eddy st., room 12.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market St., parlora 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTIC-S.
DIVIDEND -notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francson- A dividend (No. 1) at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum has been
declared for the half year ending June 30,
payable on 15th Inst.
Transfer books will be closed from 10th to
15th Inst., both days inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San FVancisco, July 6, IS9B.
OFFICE of the Hlbernla Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.
—San Francisco. June 2'i, I^9S— At a regular
meeting of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-fifths
(3 3-5) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, IS9B, free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
189 S. ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. 526 California st.— For the half
year ending June 30. I£SS, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun-
dredths 14.20) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.50) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY. July 1,
IS9S. GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. 535 Market st.: niinne Clay ISO.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
ENGLISH woman, good cook and houseworker,
with good reference. $12 to $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter St.
YOUNG German girl wishes place to take care
of children, second-work or housework, $12 to
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.; telephone
Green 721.
YQUNG strong woman wishes work by the
(fay; understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt.
SCOTCH cook, best of references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. 316 Sutter.
SITUATIONS V ANTED— ContJnoed.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and housework
girl desires situation: 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework, $10 to $15; references. MlSfc>
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. '
REFINED German girl, speaking English, hav-
ing learned dressmaking, wishes a position as
traveling attendant or for upsta^i-a work and
waiting on table or to take care of children.
Write or call at 1657 Post at.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman would work
for $12 to $15; is a good cook; willing to do
housework and washing: city or country;
would do day's work. 1209H Polk, nr. Sutter.
AN American woman desires a situation as
cook or working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. Apply at residence of former employer,
1617 Jackson st., on Saturday.
WANTED, by respectable lady, position to take
charge of rooming-house or will rent one;
gonrt references. Call or address F. V., 613
Folsom st.
QUIET, refined young lady wishes situation
assisting elderly or invalid lady or to do up-
stairs work. Please address MISS PETER-
SON, 718 Myrtle St., Oakland.
POSITION wanted by neat, respectable, steady
and thorough working housekeeper: good
cook: country preferred; good references. Call
or address 56 Haight st.
YOUNG German girl wishes to do general
housework in a small family; understands
good plain cooking. Call at 461H Minna gt.,
near Sixth.
POSITION wanted by American widow as
lady's companion; no objection to leaving
the city; references exchanged. Box 236, Call.
WIDOW with 2 children wishes a situation In
small family; wages no object If only good
home. 4427 Twenty-third st.
WANTED, by an American woman, chamber
or plain laundry work In a hotel. Address
SlO Harrison Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation;
general housework; $10 to $12. 260 Fifth St.,
near Howard.
YOUNG girl, strong and willing, desires a situ-
ation to do housework; wages $10 to $12. In-
quire at 819 Diamond St.
GERMAN woman, understands care of sick or
invalid and light housework; wages very
small to suit. J. F., box 167. Call office.
GERMAN girl washes to do general house-
work or upstairs work. 2102 Larkln st.
WOMAN wishes a situation as a first-class
housekeeper. Box 234. Call office^
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper; wages
$15 per month. Address S. A., box 23, Call.
YOUNG girl. 1 year from Denmark, wl«hes sit-
uation for housework or care of children;
Berkeley, Oakland or Alameda. Call or ad-
dress 213 Sixth aye., Richmond District.
COMPETENT nurse would take care of lady in
confinement; can raise babies on bottle;
best of reference. 121 Powell St., room 28.
EXPERIENCED German country hotel and
mining camp cook wishes situation. Address
MRS. REUTER, 463 Hobart St., Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework;
small wages. Call at 11% Clara st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
NEAT young girl wishes a place to take care
of children and light upstairs work. 4330
Seventeenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work; good
cook and housekeeper; good nurse In confine-
ment. Call 230 Vi Fulton Bt
YOUNG German woman with a child would
like a situation; across the bay preferred.
Call at 210 East st., bet. Howard and Folsom.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes position In pri-
vate family for housework. Call or address
1381 Fifteenth St., Oaklam^
YOUNG experienced woman desires a situation
as chambermaid in city only. Address box
3012. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants laundry work afcd
housecleanlng by the day. $1 10. 350 Fifth Bt.
WOMAN wants plain sewing; 75c per day. 350
Fifth st. MRS. GREEJ^
COMPETENT German w man wishes work by
the day; $1 and car fare. 132 Sixth st.
RELIABLE eUierly woman wishes a position
in a small family to assist with light house-
work; would make hers»lf useful; references.
Address box 330, Call office.
GERMAN girl would like place as cook or
housework; last place 4 years and a half: $25.
IS4 Precita aye., bet. Mission and Howard.
YOUNG French lady, fresh wetnurse, wishes
situation In some family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife, 801 Vallejo st.
YOUNG German girl of 14 years would like a
position in Catholic family. Apply 741V4
Thirteenth st.. bet. Church and Sanchez.
WOMAN wishes ladies' or family washing to
take home. Add. MRS. STACK, 418 Austin.
YOUNG colored girl <>Blres a situation as nurse
for one child or light second work. $12. 1419
Jackson st.
GERM girl wishes a place as second girl;
$20. IS4 Precita aye.. bet. Mission and Howard.
MRS. ARCIIBARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper:
good cook; city or country. MRS. STURM,
117 Powell Ft.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
WANTED — By an Eastern young man of 23,
sober, willing to work, a place on fruit farm
or private place where there would be a good
home and steady work; best reference. Box
1478, Call office.
RELIABLE man with best of recommendations
would like position In retail or wholesale
house, where there Is a chance for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box 888,
Call.
SITUATION wanted by florist and gardener,
married man: Diivate or commercial; best
references. Address box 511, Call office.
WANTEIwBy a strong young man, work of
any kind In a store, warehouse or wholesale
house; good references. G. L., 619H Florida.
WANTED — A position by a young man; Is I.
O. O. F. ; strong and willing to work; give
me a call. Address E. C. H.. box 05, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cheese-
maker or foreman of dairy and ranch. Box
237, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by steady, reliable man as
carpenter on a ranch or Institution; under-
stands thoroughly wagon work and all kinds
of farm machinery; is a good plain black-
smith; state wages. Address M. R.. box 420,
Call office.
RESPONSIBLE and educated married man
wants to take charge of a gentleman's pri-
vate place; country preferred; or position in
city as Janitor; business references. Address
J. P.. box 64. Call office.
WANTED— By a reliable gentleman of ex-
perience, position as working assistant to _
dentist: wages on application; references If
required. Address or apply 709 Ivy aye.
YOUNG married man desires position as driver
of delivery wagon or willing to do anything
elseitgood references; give bonds If required
S. A., box 747, Call office.
WANTED— Situation, city or country, as gar-
dener, by steady middle-aged man;" can drive
milk; handy with tools; references. Box
1094, Call office.
SITUATION wanted around place by elderly
active man; good horseman, milker and gar-
dener; references. A. 8., box 1560, Call office.
SALESMAN making Northern California, Ore-
gon, Washington and Idaho wants good sida
line on commission. M. A., box 72, Call office.
STEADY, Industrious young man of 23 wants
situation; generally useful about gentle-
man's country pluoe. O. P., box 34, Call.
WANTED— By man handy at carpentry and
gardening, steady work; will work for small
pay. Box 122. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper or porter In
liquor store; rectifier and compounder. Ad-
dress box 150. Call Office.
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants position on private
place In country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 277. Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. Third Bt.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; free
__bus and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATION wanted In furniture or grocery
business by an experienced young man. G
box 10. Call office.
JAPANESE tailor would like to get employ-
ment in reliable tailoring house; 15 years' ex-
perience; wages on application. Address T.
T., 725 Geary st.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent; Al city references. Box 90,
Call office.
HELP W ANTED— FEMALE.
COOK. $30; German second girl, $15; German
nursegirl, 1 child of 6 years, $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter Bt.
SECOND girl, country, $15: seamstress. $15;
nurse, $20; German second girl, $25. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $25: waitress, $15;
chambermaid, $15: middle-aged woman, $15
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
yOUNG girl for light housework, $12, no cook-
Ing; houseglrl, $25; 2 hoiisegirls at $20 each;
German housekeeper, $15. short distance;
nursegirl, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
_ I HELP "WANTED— Continued.
GERMAN or French second girl, $25. MISS -'■'
r CULLEN, «25 Sutter st. ■■ ■ J
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $20, . Port
Costa; waitress, Menlo Park, $15; chamber-
maid and waitress, Boulder Creek, $20. MISS
: CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. V - , : - "
COOK, $30; waitress, same house, country, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■ -,
HOUSEKEEPER, $15, no objection to <>_•
| child. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $15, country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. "'
WANTED at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104
Geary st.,. to-day— Waitresses for Fresno, $25,
•free fare; Fresno, 520, free fare; Visalia. $20.
free fare; springs, $20; resort, Napa County,
$25; Chlco, $20; Napa, $20; Mill Valley, $18;
springs. $20, fare paid; chambermaid and
" wait, country, $20; 2 resort cooks. $30 and $35;
3 lroners, hotel laundry, city, $2 day; man-
gier, hotel laundry, city, $20 and board. .- C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, a short distance, $25;
cook, small wash, $25; and a large number of
girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. .
8 WAITRESSES, " hotels, resorts, etc., $20, $23
and $5 week: chambermaid, some washing.
$20- Ironers, $2 day; pantry girl, $15; laundress,
small hotel, $20: cook, boarding house. $25;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— an institution, a good strong
woman to care for children, at $20 per month,
country. Please apply to W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
BOOKKEEPERS, salesladies, clerks, shop and
factory help should call at this office and in-
vestigate, 313 Bush st. -
WAITRESS. $20, country hotel. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny at. • .'•
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording and finish-
ing ladles" skirts. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338
Fell st. ' ' -'
GIRL from country for light housework; good
home; wages moderate. 2825 Howard st.
TAILORESS wanted; steady Job. Apply 347
Third st.
YOUNG Austrian girl to take care of children
and help to do housework. Inquire 28 Tehama.
WANTED— Chambermaid. Apply 530 Third at.
YOUNG girl for very light housework. 608 Mc-
Allister st.
GIRL for housework and assist with children.
1027 McAllister St. : .
GIRL to do general housework. Call In the
- morning. 725 Golden Ga*- aye. ■
WANTED— GirI about 15 to assist. 737 A Pine
street. .
GIRL for general housework; wages $10. 17
Hartford st., between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth, and Castro. -
WANTED— woman desirous of a home; very
i light work. Apply 10 Steuart st.
WIL-. give single or ~>arried woman room for
2 or 3 hours work dally. Maple House, 865%
Market st. . .. - : "-."'••'•,
GIRL for general housework for small family.
901 Point Lobos aye.,. cor. Johnston.
APPRENTICE wanted for hair work at 'G.
LEDERER'S, 111 Stockton St.
APPRENTICE to learn tailoring, paid while
learning. Box 6224. Call. ■ . . .
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; position*
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
■t.: perfect fit; no trying on: trial fre_.
WANTED— GirIs and ladies to learn "Rood*.
magic scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call. *
Subscriptions and want ada taken. ■
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^Tooic?T7rT7rr!??ri3oo^
Together ...:....:.......
I Cook, $50, nice country hotel, fare 45c.
Dishwasher, $15, nice country hotel, fare 45c.
Together
Cook, $35, easy, good job, 75c fare.
Dishwasher, $15, easy, good job, 75c fare.
Together
Cook, $45, nice small place near city. *
Dishwasher, $20, nice small place near city. >f
Boy for a bakery, $20 and found.
19 cooks for different places
$65. $50. $40, $35 and $25
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
A— LOOK WAITERS ...........LOOK
Together
Head waiter, $30, nice country hotel.
Pantryman, wait, $25, nice country hotel.
"...'.'....'. ............. Together ...•....;....:;......
; 3 waiters, $25, same country hotel. — .
' ....:. Also ....:..: ......'.'..
16 waiters for different p1ace5...................
.i $30, $35, $23, and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— LOOK DISHWASHERS ....7.. LOOK
' 18 dishwashers for different places, city and
country, $25, $20 and $15 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— LAUNDRY HELP..........." LOOK
7 ironers for different places, city and coun-
try, $2 day, $30 and $35 per month and found;
washer and starcher. $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
GANG edger man, $40 and found. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— TO- A . ..MURRAY & READY... TO-DAY
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
;.. Want To-day
3079 men 7..
Free fare Free fare
168 1 railroad teamsters and laborers, wages 1
- $175 day J
.... — .....For four great railroads .„ ,
Free .............Fare Free
- To Arizona— soo men wanted
26 teamsters in San Francisco........ $175 day
29 laborers in San Francisco .....;$l 75 day
126 woodchoppers..... $1 50 and $1 cord
134 tiemakers ••"•••• •• 8c to lie each
10 brickyard laborers $1 75 to $2 day
10 scraper teamsters, city Jobs.. s26 and found
MURRAY & READY.
••• ; 634-636 Clay st.
NOTICE BY..S. P. R. R. free.. "free fare
To-day at 1 p. . m. and 3 p. m. we want to
dispatch 25 teamsters, email teams, $1 75 day;
remember (not fare advanced but free, fare
free fare. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— s44 PER MONTH AND FOUND ;..
• ■ $44 per month and found
10 common laborers for pick and shovel work
In a gravel gold mine; no experience re-
quired; great bank and mining corporation
:...... MURRAY & READ!'
•••• ■ ............634-636 Clay st.
A— TO a Great. .California Commercial.. Bank
We want to-day 15 men to pick fruit dig
small trenches, to water vines, trees, box
fruit, work : in packing houses and do any
other class of work the bank officials direct
you to do: good food; good accommodations-
money paid in U. S. gold coin Ist of each,
month; fare 90c ;' wages $20 and found..
" ..MURRAY & READY."' " ?
634-636 Clay st.
A— s3o PER MONTH AND FOUND
$30 per month and found
12 common laborers to cut brush, load It on
boats, clean 'up a parcel of land, etc.. fare
30c, for one of San Francisco's great com-
mercial houses. MURRAY & READY ' 634-
636 Clay st.
A— TO THE GOLD FIELDS IN CALIFORNIA.
23 gold gravel miners wanted. $75 per
month and found. MURRAY & READY 634-
630 Clay st. - ' . . " ■■
A— "FREE" FREE
Into the beautiful valleys of California
........Free.. Fare Free
126 two-horse teamsters $175 day
112 four-horse teamsters ... .:....: SI 75 riov- *«_»
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st '
A-$2 60 DAY .............FROM $2 50 DAY
- No Experience Wanted ■
For a syndicate and tru5t.... 515.000. 000 limited
96 laborers around these great mining plants
etc.......-; wages from $2 50 day.. ..
special reduced railroad rates by S. P... S. JI
& V. :R. R. .••••■..;....... .'. ........ *
- MURRAY & READY,"
'■••• • ••...... 634-636 Clay: at.
LOVELY ORCHARDS. ~
49 men for different vineyards, orchardi and
farms .' -
......Wages $26. $25 and $20 and t«_&I";;
20 haymakers for different places, $26 and
found ....;
6 choremen and roustabouts. $20 and found"
4 hay balers, different places . „
........................MURRAY & READY!
634-636 Clay at,
WA M TE . D ok nd wife, springs, ".: $55. ■ far*
paid; 3 broilers, *>0 and $9 a week; cook re-
sort. $40; cook, country hotel, $30; second
-cook; $35; 5 waiters, city and country, J25 and
$35. Apply to J.F. CROSETT & CO. 628
Sacramento st. ; '
WANTED— German butler for nrl
vate family in country, $35. Apply to J w
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st ' - '
WANTED— Farmer, and wife. $40; 4 men to hoe
in orchard. $15 and $20; laborers. $1 day and
board and $175 day; farmers. $20 and 125-
stableman. $30 and found; man for combintrt
harvester, $125 day; 2 carpenters for mine
$2 50 day. Apply to J. ; F. CROSETT _ CO
628 Sacramento st. > . / -; - • •
WANTED— Baker for country ahoD <*« to IW
and found, fare paid, see party here- fu r na $ c 1
man for quicksilver mine, &> and board?
teamster, near city, to haul "wood. _£ and
board, long job; farmers, mnkerT^ok^ coun
try restaurant. $.",5. fare advanced- Fr^h
meat cook. $50; broiler for city S5O- »p™s
ggyganfe¥ijr_gHELP WANTED— Continued.
A .'.At' C.' ' R." HAN SEN '& 'c6'. : s'.' 104 'Geary 'st! '.
Wanted to-day
35 teamsters, 2 horses... $20 and found
FOR THE VALLEY RAILROAD... Free fare
10 teamsters, 10 laborers !!.!$i 75 a'day
FOB THE COAST RAILROAD Free fare
10 teamsters, railroad, south".*.*.*.**.*.*.*.* i'"' Vare
IS 4-horse teamsters Free fare
6 teamsters, 5 loaders.. ....!!!!!!.'!!lii.'7sa ['day
FOR THE STOCivTON ROAD '.tree lure
lbb rockmen .'. .7.7. .7.7.7.7. $3 per day
100 laborers $3 per day
.........FOR SKAGUAY RAILROAD..
Ship Sunday s steamer Special low rates
Get your ticket at
...<-. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary 5t....
FOR A MINE .'.'.'.'.'.No 'experience " ■.!.■.!
40 laborers $1 60 to $2 50 a day
Special rates 1 ship daily
26 pick and shovel laborers for work near :
city. $1 75 a day; board $4 50 a week; fare 10c.
French or Swiss second cook, $75; cook,, coun-
try hotel, $40; potwasher, hotel, $20; second
cook, $30; cooks, $10 and $7 a week; cook for
. a boat, $45; i waiters, $26; 11 waiters! $30. $35
and $40: young man to take care of an In-
valid, $15; young man to make himself use-
ful around the office, bar and dining room
of a country hotel, see party here: night
watchman. $20; French bedmaker. $15; gar- j
dener, country hotel, $20 and half fare paid:
2 extra lroners. city. $2 a day: lroner, $30 i
an.l found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
STEWARD, country hotel, $40; head waiter.
$60. C. R. HANSEN .'- CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 COLORED wallers, summer resort. $25. fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Second cook. $65; cook. $40; waiter,
$4.v waiter. $35; dishwasher, $25; dishwasher.
115 and room; potwasher. $15; ironer, country
laundry. $35: ironer. $30: driver laundry
wagon. $25; lunch waiter; French boy, jr.; 2
boys for private places, $15; boy to run ele-
vator: saddle maker; gardener, first-class, $35.
L. ANDRE. 316 Stockton St.
STENOGRAPHER, bookkeepers, clerks, sales-
men, office and store help, porters, drivers
and mechanics should Investigate. 313 Bush.
WATCHMAKER, Jeweler or similar business
can have first-class opportunity with fine
show window, etc. 547 Broadway, Oakland.
COAL miners who have worked In pitch vein
coal mines wanted. Apply to Tesla Coal Co.,
room 515, 32S Montgomery st.
WANTED — Boy In drug store, with 1 year's
experience; recommendation required. Apply
Pine and Kearny sts.
GOOD barber wanted: steady Job. Call after
10 a. m 167 Ninth st.
10 BARBERS wanted Saturday and Sunday; 2
country; good wages. H. BERNARD, 104 7th.
BARBER wanted. 239 California ft.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 416 Turk
street. * •"- '■■
WANTED— A good barber; Saturday and Sun-
day. Cor. Octavla and Union sts. ; wages.
BARBERS wanted for Saturday and Sunday,
$.". and $6. ELLIS, 707yBrannan.
SHOEMAKERS -Cutter and, latter. EVANS,
NORTON & CO., Napa. Apply 312 Clay st.
BOY about IS years to work in bakery, $15 and
found. Pl 3 Buchanan st.
PLUMBER'S helper. H. HUFSCHMIDT, 623
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Coatmaker; 2 months' 1 work In
hand. Address W. H. WALKER, Bakersfleld.
WANTED— hanger; bring tools; 7:30.
Northeast corner Clara and Fifth sts.
10 YOUNG men for nice cruise; good wages;
no experience. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart ;t.
COMPETENT solicitor on wagon for dyeing
and renovating. Emporium Renovatory. 109
Eddy st.
BOY to do Janitor work for tuition at San
Francisco Barber College, MB% Eighth st.
LADY and gentlemen solicitors to sell neces-
Eary household article. Box 7645, Call office.
BAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S,
r.04 Davis St., near Jackson.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed R.'ikin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 1 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
. night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, Ssc; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FDCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Gran- 136.
TH Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 "Third st , near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED A few canvassers; a good opportu-
nity for right parties. Call at 1103 Howard st.
ELEVEXTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A live partner with a practical
knowledge of "nrpets, rugs, draperies, etc..
to go in the renovating business: a new :
process now in use In the East: capital neces-
sary, $500; references required. Address
KLEANIT. box 741-2, Call office.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— house or cottage in Mill
Valley for the month of August. Address,
stating terms and full particulars, to A. L., !
box 303, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 2 or 4 well lighted unfurnished
' rooms within 10 minutes of Montgomery it ;
rent between $8 and $9. A., box 230. Call.
WAXTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— I second-hand steam boiler, 25 to 30
horse-power; also 1 10-horse power engine.
Address GEORGE H. TAV CO., 616 Battery.
3 SHETLAND pony colts Just weaned; must be
cheap and email. G. H. CROLEY. 417 Sacra- '
mento Bt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— ROOMS; rent $30; Golden Gate ave. s 300
60 rooms; fine corner 750
32 rooms; clears $200 monthly 2500 i
10 rooms: sunny corner; payments 150
44 rooms; fine for transients: part cash.. 1600
. 25 rooms; near Baldwin; cheap GOO
26 rooms; transient; best In rity 1500
46 rooms: Market St.; clears $200; cheap
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market St.; take ele-
rator. • (L. W. ROGERS, formerly clerk for
H. C. Decker.) ■'
A— KREDO & CO.^ — ■ — 2214 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS..
110 rms; be5t..... 54650 13 rms; clears $50.. .5850
48 rms; Geary.... 2000 11 rms; good 400
25 rms; Post 15501 9 rms; Leavenw'th. 275
20 rms; very best 16001 9 rms; Jones 450
14 rm>; Eddy 850 And many others.
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
$1000— WILL buy the best 12-room transient
house; clears $75 monthly; exchange for 5
room flat; cash difference. KREDO & CO.
eO-ROOM German hotel $1100
80-room earner house: clears $300 1400 I
26-rooms; rent $50: central 650 !
19 rms.; boarding 1600 ilO rms.: fine cor... 300 I
11 rms.; corner... 900! 15 rms.: on 4th St.. 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
28-ROOM corner house; best in the city; worth
$1800; price $900. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$300— LODGING house of 20 furnished rooms:
all rented: rent $35. J. B. GIACOMINI, II
Montgomery aye.
NICE corner house of 32 rooms, all rented;
reasonable. 704 Howard, cor. Third st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale very cheap, at 25
Ninth at.
LOST.
LOST— 3. between O'Farrell and Ellis sta.,
. on Stockton, oval brooch containing photo-
graph; suitable reward. Return to box 559,
foil office.
Solitaire diamond ring, plain flush set-
ting. Finder return to D. O. CHURCH, 232
Montgomery et. and receive $50 reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog. Return to
41.10 Seventeenth st. ; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
. and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of CATHERINE NOLAN. No. 114,303.
The finder will please return to. bank. ;
'LOST— Stone marten fur collar; on Market.
near Mason. Call at 215 A Post and receive
reward.
FOX terrier; answers to name Topsy; cut on
one foreleg; reward. Cor. Glen Park and Bond.
FOUND.
FOUND— Young , St. Bernard dog. Apply 804 I
Central aye.
PHYSICIANS.
Vl i- C C ', O'DONNELL, office and , residence.
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl7s; SALOON; established years, with club-
rooms; average dally receipts $8; rent $20;
owner must sell at once because he took po-
sition as commercial traveler. Call WILKE,
845 Market St. -.i
A— $1000; SALOON in the very best location.
Western Addition, doing: a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE,
I 545. Market st. .....
A— s4oo; PARTNER In first-class paying busi-
ness, on Kearny St., near Market, clearing
easily fSSO per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars, WILKE. 846 Market.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choices
down-town location, with building; long lease;
doing a first-class paying business; other en
gagements compel owner to sacrifice. Parti
culars WILKE, 545 Market St.
$600— CORNER saloon in wholesale district; es-
tablished many years and doing a good pay-
ing business; owner must leave for the coun
. try at once. Call WILKE, 545 Market st.
CIGAR store and stationery, on Market
St., near ferries; first-class paying; low rent;
a genuine bargain: investigate at once; a :
rare chance. WILKE, 545 Market at.
|Soo— DAY saloon; near large business houses
doing good business; fine fixtures; best bar
gain in the city. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1100— DAY saloon and • lunchhouse; best busi-
ness part; part cash; easy payments; must be
sold; owner retiring. M. LESS, 765 Market st
$500— SALOON, with 5 living rooms, including
furniture; large stock; fine fixtures; buy noth-
ing until you see this; central location. M.
LESS, TCS Market st.
$200— CIGAR store and laundry; prominent cor-
ner; has good stock and doing good business;
see it at once. M. LESS, 765 Market St.. op-
posite l'helan building. r"
$225— RESTAURANT; excellent location; do-
ing a good business; rent only $20; good bar-
gain; see It to-day. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
SALOON; best location In the city; re-
ceipts $13 to $25 a day; must be sold at once;
owner going East. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$175— PARTNER wanted in paying restaurant,
north of Market; an excellent offer made by
cook of said restaurant; cannot depend on
hired help; look this up. M. LESS, 765 Mar-
ket st.
A— s9oo; CORNER grocery and bar; $500 cash,
balance time; all fresh stock: fine business;
mostly bar trade. KRSDO & CO., 22H Geary.
$1000— FAMILY liquor store with bar and side
entrance; value in stock. KREDO & CO.
A— s3oo; RESTAURANT. $30 daily; 20 steady
boarders; other good restaurants from $200
to $3000. KREDO & CO.. 22& Geary St.
MEAT market; $50 daily; best In city;
make offer. KREDO & CO, 22V4 Geary st.
PARTNER in established wholesale pickle
manufactory; clears $6000 yearly; partner re-
tiring. KREDO & CO.
$1000; WOOD, coal, hay, grain and boarding
stable. KREDO & CO., 22& Geary st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in laundry; good-pay-
ing business. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny gt.
$200— PARTNER wanted in a paying legitimate
business; will pay to each over $5 dally. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant ior sale in Oak-
land; owner has had the place 8 years: loca-
tion is the best in the city; on principal
street; no opposition; clearing $200 per month
this is a rare chance; proprietor is going to
Europe. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$1500— CANDY store and factory; bargain, on
account of Immediate departure. McLAUGH
LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$17.".— FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given to any
one meaning business; a bargain. CITY
AGENCY, 860 Market st.
LOOK AT THIS.
A good paying livery stable with large barn,
8 horses, harness, carriages, buggies, all In
good condition, cow. hogs and chickens; s-
room cottage all nicely furnished; there is
also a mail contract to run 4 years, which
. is worth more than the price asked; Inves-
tigation solicited.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403 Examiner
Building.
PARTNER wanted: light business: indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st.,- room 2.
$200— PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts $16 to $20 per day; clearing $75 per
month to each; trial allowed; must have
help. HEALY, 917 Market St.
$150— HORSERADISH and pickle stand, sit-
uated in best market In city. BASILE, S73H
Market st.
EXTRA chance for a good horseshoer and gen-
eral blacksmith on a corner where the owner
has 4 horses and wagons himself and more
than half the rent Is taken In work. Call
on CHARLES ALTERS 706 Ivy aye.
I'OUcan buy saloons for 1400 and lose all your
money: if you want a good living in a dainty
well-located saloon for $&00 see FRANK, 128
O"Farrell Ft. • -••---- — .-• - ■ ' ■
.iADY wants working partner with some capi-
tal in good-paying business; security for
money. Call or address 930* Mission st.. r. 2.
JOOD opportunity for experienced party pay-
ing saloon; 18 rooms; known as Broad-gauge
Hotel. Apply to G. SHEARER, San Rafael.
BARBER to take charge of newly furnished
shop; rent $12. H. BERNARD, I'i-f Seventh st.
FOR Barber shop; 1 chair; 1707 Market
St., near Twelfth; living rooms; cheap rent.
MILK route for sale; eleven cans; private
trade. Apply 2258 Fifteenth st.
WANTED — first-class saloon man to rent
the Rosedale saloon, corner Eighth and Mar-
ket sts. ; either alone or in partnership with
the advertiser. Apply to A. G. ALLEN, Cen-
tral Park. 1483 Market st.
$2600 at, old established business doing busi-
ness In 4 large cities; clears, about $200 per
month; thorough investigation. Box O. O. 09,
Call office.
FOR — Excellent laundry route and wagon,
very cheap; reason for selling, going East.
Address M. S.", box 543, Call office.
FOR Sale— On account of sickness, bakery and
candy store; great bargain. 1120 Howard st.
•'OR sale— Old-established grocery. Inquire 252
First St., corner Clementina.
$25— NOTIONS and groceries; cheap rent; 3
rooms. 368 Eleventh st.
$700—2 MILK routes doing paying cash busi-
ness, together with depot selling produce,
cans, horses, wagons, harness, etc. ; $25 cash
taken in daily; no books kept; owner leav-
ing town. J., box 10. Call office, Oakland.
SACRIFICE; grocery, bakery, stationery; good
■ business; good neighborhood; 4 rooms; very
low rent; excellent chance for either man or
woman; no reasonable offer refused. Address
A., box 25. Call office.
■"OR SALE— Saloon: stock and fixtures: one of
the best locations in the city; doing a good
business; no reasonable offer refused: good
reason for selling. 434 Pine St.. near Kearny.
FOR SALE— A well stocked grocery and bar:
old established business; run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. 'Apply Call Office.
FOR SALE— Saloon downtown; Market St.;
bargain. Address W. H., box 105, Call Office.
BARBER shop, three chairs, steady, for sale.
Particulars, H. H., box 5, Call Office.
FOR SALE — Restaurant and chop house; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at 18 East st.
250— SALOON; day business. 606 Clay st.
TOR sale— Grocery and bar; retiring from busi-
ness. 2*oo Twenty-first st, corner Florida.
FOR sale— 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $1250. Box 201, Call Office.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI A ANDERSON. St. Helena.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best In Central Call-
fornia, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker. Address BENT. 40 California st.
BAKERY, selling 5 buckets bread over coun-
ter; good, cake trade; rent $30. 3025 Sacra-
mento st.
TOR SALE— bar and grocery; $250. G..
box 25, Call office.
LiONG established corner saloon; must be sold;
cheap If at once. Box 1256, Call office. •
S"OR pale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office. .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & C 0.'5.,415 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 58 a year.
CARPET CLEANING. ~~~~
;iTY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
,VHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.-
tel, Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
i. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.; tel. 8. 228; lowest rates.
,'ARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON.3 Eighth st. tel. Jessie 944.
•. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74. -
:ONKLIN'S Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. ■ ■ -
TYPEWRITERS.
VLL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO. , 110 Montgomry.
JEW Hammond, $35; Callgraph, $25. SCOTT.
333 Montgomery st. N
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 8, 1898*
PERSONALS.
YOUNG lady wishes, to go on the stage; has
had no experience. Please call 'or address
3341 Twenty-fourth St.
ROBERT RILEY JONES (enlisted), son of
Colonel Sidney B. Jones of Chicago, call Im-
• mediately on Captain John B. Jeffery, Quar-
termaster First ..Brigade, Camp Merrltt, and
learn of something to your advantage.
GREVEN'S latest war song, '•Remember, Boys,
the Maine." is a big hit all over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms. 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building. 1236 Market St. *
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I AM prepared to wait on all who come to my
new hairdressing parlors; h&lrdressing, 25c
only; good switches, $1; best, finest quality
$3 .SO: open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
ERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 room
25c to $1 50 per night • si 50 to $0 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths id herb cure. 679 Geary st.
SUITS to order on easy Instalments. L.
L^MOS, 1117 Market St.. bet 7th and Bth.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair turn
ing gray. Q. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. ■ ,
PALMISTKY.
_^
MRS. CHANDLER— lecture Sunday, 3 p.
m. . 305 Larkin; readings at res., 853 Geary st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
,and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
' 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 2C. 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
The Occult Wonder
323— Eddy St.—
Always See the Best.
Gives Invaluable advice on all affairs of life,
love, business, marriage, divorce, etc., unites
separated, causes speedy marriages, removes
domestic trouble, etc.; full names, dates,
facts, In all cases; fee, $1 and $2; satisfaction
guaranteed or no fee accepted. • • • -
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
60c, gents sl; palm, andclalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates burled
treasures; letters answered; inclose stamp.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, '_'.',. ■; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 305 Larkin St., to-night. Ladles' Aid So-
cial: good programme; dancing; 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 4TO Leavenworth st.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium; Hindoo control; 10 to 5. 579 Geary st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212 1 Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Fri.. 2p. m. ; Sat. 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights'' upon same eaa>
- payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26,' 28 and 30 O'Farrell at. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A SNAP for spot cash can be had If you call
this morning; a party gone East must have
cash for fine, almost new upright. J. DEW-
ING CO., second floor, Flood building.
AS vacation Is here, freight being low, 6 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st v Chickering agents.
WE invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary Bt.,
cor. Grant aye.. Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150: come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. '
A FINE upright, nearly new; must sell. Call
to-day, room 23, 1021 Van Ness aye.
PARTY going to England will sell new upright
piano cheap. CS4A Natoma st.
AN upright piano, nearly new: brilliant, pow-
e rful tone: cheap. 216 McAllister st. ■
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. ■£-
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and -new. H.
MULLER. maker, rennir«>r. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
COIN silver new forks. In box, nice wedding
present, for $10. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
avenue. '.
FOR sale — 2 diamonds, 4 carats each; mates;
bargain. M., box 325, Call office.
$125— CHICKERING piano; good condition; $10
down. $4 a month. 225 Sutter st.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; SxlO and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 3. r ,c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
28, GOc; curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
ing.all colors, lc ft;open eve.Jones.s47 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, .'■ 1017-1019-1021-1023
' Mission St., above Sixth. ■
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 71!
Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; largo assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, ,'. electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission St.
GRATHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
! BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
St., pawn' office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elect
goods; new. 2d-hand. ' Smith Co., 627 Mission
I. R. POOL, » house-mover. -dealer -second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. . Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
3AFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. : Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. ; 8. F.
BARS, show : cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
.SEWING-MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC,' Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 = Mission st
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine ■ supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, .: sold, exchanged, rented
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. -■.-. ■
___ STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. j
■office/Tenth and Market; telephone South 166
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
• age warehouse, 840 Mission st.; tel. Mint 1821.
HOUSES TO LET.
JACKSON, 2008, near Octavia— 9 rooms ■ and
bath; all sunny; marine view; location' first -
class; rent only $30. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. ; ' • - - : ;
NEW house, 12 rooms: Mission warm belt; rent
only $25. See ISAACS, 240 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a house with or without - a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery St. . . '.■:-; .::,._ ■ ■•
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
• fornia and Lake sts. ; ■ prices will surprise
you. MARCUBE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
' « FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET. .
A MOST desirable house of 14 rooms and .
baths; very finely furnished; every room
( sunny; centrally located $100 00
A good house of 9 rooms and bath; well
furnished; centrally located In good
. neighborhood 65 00
A 6-room furnished flat and bath; sunny
and central 42 50
A 6-room flat and bath; furnished;
piano; central 40 00
A 7-room flat and bath; nicely fur-
nished; near in 60 00
A pood unfurnished house of 12 rooms
and bath ; central ; good lease to right
party •• 60 00
i THE REYNOLDS CO.,'
403-404 Examiner building, j
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m.
X COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON ST., 333— 3-room cottage; yard J
and chicken-house; $5 mo. San Mateo cars
to Thirty-fourth st. ;
~~ FLATS TO LET. •
FINE flat 7 rooms and bath: 621 McAllister
st., bet. Van Ness aye. and Franklin. Apply
623 Golden Gate aye.
PIERCE, 3032, near Greenwich — New upper flat
of 5 large rooms and bath; basement; yard; $18.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
LANGTON, 33— 515; sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath. • ■'' i- .' ■."
115 Perry st. ; $10; flat, 6 rooms.
116% Perry st.; $10; flat, 4 rooms. ■
. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market.
PAGE, 127, between Octavia and Gough —
of 5 sunny rooms; $14 60, ..
TURK, 6208 and D— Two sunny flats, 4 room
and bath; large basement, yard; rent $12 -and
$13; no children.
WE can rent you a flat with or without, a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery st. ,-'_': >,?
$IS— ELEGANT modern sunny' flat, 7 rooms and
bath; nice view. 3028 1 / ! Buchanan st.
$16 60 with water free and ashman; elegant
corner flat 5 front rooms; closet; gas fixtures,
' yard, etc. Corner Oak Grove aye. and Harri-
son st., between Fifth and Sixth. :
II ItMSHED FLATS.
6-ROOM flat and bath, completely furnished.
1023 O'Farrell st., near Van Ness aye.
*— ■ — *- l— ~~~—
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 62 Second— single, double and light •
housekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 60; day, 25 to 'Me. <
BARTLETT. . 420, bet. lwenty-flfth and Twen.
ty-sixth Sunny kitchen and bedroom, nice!
furnished; rent reasonable.
UK ANN AN, 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms ; $7 and $3.
BUSH, 1238—3 unfurnished housekeeping room
near Larkin; sunny side of street.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Bay-windows
kitchens; others; single, en suite; $6 to $9.
FIFTH, — Clean sunny furnished, 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath; $20; single, $5.
FOLSOM, — Two front sunny rooms . fur
nished complete and neat for housekeeping
no children.
FULTON, 510B — 3, 0r 6 sunny rooms; house
keeping; every convenience; first-class.
GEARY, ISI2% — large sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; modern; no children
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness— 2 and 3 room
suites, with gas range. j
GROVE, 425 1.*.,1 .*., near Octavia — Large nice room,
with stove; garden; pleasant for old gentle-
man or couple; $4 50 month.
HOWARD, 525—2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent low.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice large sunny
furnished rooms, first floor; also housekeeping j
HOWARD, 935%. New Philadelphia— Sunny
rooms; also housekeeping; gas, .water, bath.
HOWARD, 1755 — 2 furnished rooms, connecting,
for housekeeping. . I
LEWIS, 8%, opposite Taylor, near — Upper !
flat of 5 rooms and bath.'
MCALLISTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas stove and bath.
MINNA. 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
NINTH. 111—2 or 3 sunny front: bath and j
stove; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
POLK. Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; cheap to right party.
POLK. 605 — 1 sunny convenient -comfortable
housekeeping room; gas stove; $9.
POST, 617%— Unfurnished front and back par-
lor and kitchen for housekeeping; rent $15.
POWELL, 944 — 3 housekeeping rooms; also
single room; $15 and $6. ' '
POWELL, 710—2 large sunny rear rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gas; bath; yard; $10.
SIXTH. Very cheap; cozy suite of rooms;
light housekeeping if desired.
SIXTH. 119 A (The Pledmont)-2 or 3 complete-
ly furnished housekeeping roomß.
SIXTH. 221— Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
3 rooms, $11; 1 room, $S; 1, $6.
TWELFTH, 14*— Sunny rooms;, complete for
housekeeping ; also single; very reasonable. ■
VALENCIA, 205—2 unfurnished bay-window
rooms; large; hot and cold water; $10.
VAN NESS, 51S— 2 -sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $15.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
FIFTEENTH, 615 — Lower floor; 3 clean, sunny
rooms; separate entrance; nice grounds.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable; |
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks I
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell— Nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class. -
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view; |
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, 829% and Mason
Choice, sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post— rooms, bay-
j window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week. I
BUSH, 675— Large room, two beds, $7.
BUSH, 675— Large front suite and kitchen with
bath, $20; small suite, $8.
CLEMENTINA. 434%— furnished room,
with use of parlor, $3 50 a month.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Sunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo,
EDDY, 623—2 nice rooms for $12.
EIGHTH, 111—3 nicely sunny furnished rooms;
rent reasonable. j
ELLIS, .418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
: rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, Elegant sunny suite parlors; fine
location for , doctor, dentist or studio; with
piano ; hut and cold water, bath, gas; : other
suites, single and double rooms; privileges of
light housekeeping. . -"-•
GEARY, 674— Newly furnished rooms suitable
for 2.y ,;,.;' .•■.-. -.■■-■■.■-:■■
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and j 7th— Nice
' sunny rms. : also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, '821 Howard— night, : 250 to
$1; week. $1 to $4: reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN. GATE, 7SO— or 2 rooms furnished
or unfurnished; cheap, r ' • 7
GOUGH, 520—2 furnished sunny rooms; gas,
bath; suitable for lady or gentleman. >: •
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
; single: elevator; moderate rates; .families. .
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
-rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per.week.7 ' -
HOWARD. Sunny front room; furnished ;
rent reasonable. • : . : v-. : ■-<
HYDE, 1105 : (Hotel . Unfurnished
Btinny corner suites; running water, ,• bath and
. gas; first-class | every ; respect: terms reasnble.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and single
■ rooms reasonable; gas, water, • bath; : central. I
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness— I
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished. ?'-.■■> if*.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished-. single
.and double rooms; reasonable: opposite City
'Ha".* '/ :j: j ' . •" ■"' ' ' -;■' -
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MCALLISTER, 611— Nice front suite; also front
single room: bath; gas; private family.
MINNA, 349%— 2 large sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing If desirable; cheap; upstairs.
MISSION. 1518— Sunny furnished front room;
board If desired; private family.
OAK, 119—1 nicely furnished front room, short
■walk from City Hall; good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture: elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PERRY, 174— Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; hot and cold water; rent reason-
PINE, 681— A large front room; running water;
large closet; reasonable terms.
PINE, 2915— Front and back parlor, furnished
or unfurnished.
POLK, 522 — Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite; also single room; nice and quiet.
POLK, 709 — 2 large sunny front rooms, newly
furnished; running water; private family;
references.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
POWELL, 420— Sunny front room, unfurnished.
POWELL, 612— Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; suitable for 1 gentleman; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
BILVBR STATE House, 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, fl 50 to $3 a week;
Euites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients sollc-
Ited; restaurant MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SOUTH PARK, 184— Sunny front room for lady
or gentleman; nicely furnished; rent $5.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furniEhed sunny room
for gentleman.
THE Newport, 21 Franklin— Pleasant, quiet
rooms; corner bay window; housekpg suite.
TTTRK, 127— Nicely furnished rooms from $3
and up per month: also housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
BUSH, £22— First-class sunny room and board,
with gas, bath, running water, telephone,
home cooking: references exchanged.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
PINE, 910 — Sunny rooms; home cooking; baths
and running water; fine location; terms very
reasonable.
ROOM and board for gentleman in private
family. 354% Lexington aye.
SAN RAFAEL— Room and board for 1 or 2
gentlemen in private family, $30 per month;
nice location; 4 blocks from depot. Address
Postofflce box 76, San Rafael.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
St'TTER, ii2S—Njcely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing-house: first class all appointments; hot
water every, room; home cooking; terms mod.
TJTE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. FUites. with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, SOS— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights; bath; with board; moderate.
EfcEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ONE or 2 children to board In German family;
room for parents if desired. 439 Minna st.
FRENCH lady boards children or infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies-C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice; sate and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
& voided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MilS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
st.; pills. $1 ; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment: every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $0; pills. »!.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jone*.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute rure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after er-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER HROS.. 33
t'.nint aye., 8. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. $1: cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearnjr st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever euuse; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement; consult free: hours 10 to
5. 7to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with e\ - ery
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; prlct
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies wit
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD "BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases o
women and children.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces an<
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincaid at he
school of elocution and expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st.
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 124
Franklin St.; co-educational boarding and da>
school: complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough, room 572, Parrott building.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write forcircular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
DENTISTS.
A FULL Ret of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DrTITtDLUM HILL, 1443 M&rkftt St.. nr. Uth;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; o!r] plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $."> up; fillings, 2."c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE, |
removed to Call bldg. , 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. -DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market St.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOI'NG. IS4I Polk St. I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, "27 Market St.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln. |
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreokets blclg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. I*.
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64.
._._ : - . ' CITY real ESTATE. .'•' " _" _' - _
A r '^ J ■''■-■■■" ■■■■' A __ '' "• _ A ,- '■■':■'--•: ..
The best bargain in • San Francisco: . modern
home; 8 ( rooms, - with well-finished basement:
lot 24 ft. S 1n.x135 ft.; house in same block
sold for $22,500 four weeks ago; property in
good condition; price $6000. . > ■■ ■
We' have at all times a demand for first-
class homes in good locations at prices from
$2000 to $8000; we also may have just what you
want; call on us and you will be courteously
treated , at. any time. ' • ; . . ...
THE 'REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403 Examiner
building. ,
COZY corner cottage 6 room and bath; lot
25x70, near Twenty-ninth and Mission sts. ;
part cash; balance time; a bargain. Apply
1033 Mission St. ,
'. COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
RANCH 70 acres good level land; bar-
! gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
FOR SALE— good income place; has 15
acres of bearing orchard and 25 acres more of
first-class land; good house and outbuildings;
■ price $3500; might exchange for Oakland first-
\ class.
A bargain — acres; has 30 acres orchard;
house, barn : and all farming tools for $5000.
Send for our large list of country properties.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403-4 Exam-
iner building. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WHARF for rent in Oakland, at foot of .Wash-
ington and Clay sts. ; frontage of about 380
feet on harbor line; area about 200,000 square
feet. Apply to HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050
Broadway. ■ -
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up. • • *•'<-..'
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
LOTS— S7S upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly. ;
$450— New cottage of 4 rooms and lot; your
own terms.
. $125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own home, or we will
build it for you: payment as rent: all streets
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and fine school near; soil, climate and view the
very best; Allendale settlement, East Oakland;
building up rapidly; call or send for circular,
455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner. ,
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAnD HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house of 4 rooms; also chickens.
IG6B Fifth st... West. Oakland.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory ; rent cheap; cen-
tral: 689 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALL conveniences: new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
FINE sunny eulte: also sunny tingle room; va-
cant .Turn 1. TTTF, T i^NB, *,<•» F.iirhth «t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r ! household poods this week.
SCHKTJiHAAR' old Ptorp. 40« 'Rlffventh at.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$600— LOT 30x125: elegant location; street work
done. $1500 New 5-room cottage on Grand st. ;
2 blocks from Grand st. station. Elegant
I new colonial cottage, 7 rooms and. bath;
Chestnut st. station ; easy terms. $6000— Fine
7-room cottage: modern in every way: lot 50
xl 50: stable, etc.; Morton st. station; will
exchange for San Francisco property. Bar-
gains in all parts of Alameda. Alameda Land
Co., 15C0 Park st., Alameda. . "-■-. :--■
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 6 rooms and bath; all new improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Orand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda.
~~ ALAMEDA HOUSES.
WILL build modern 5-room house on a nice
lot, good location: only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park, Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station; also
5-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON, 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
PROPERTY TO~~EXCHANGE.
HOUSE and store to exchange for ranch; busi-
ness chances: the best money to loan; now is
your time. 1023 Market st.
/ MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. P., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. ■J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ' '
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; M '
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, ■ rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no ; commission: $25 up
-private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10.- '
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bid g.
$50 TO $".0,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
' ' HORSES.
CAMP~~wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40. horses; must. sell. Emporium Sale
Yards, 220 Valencia st. -. . .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. ? buggies,
carts, harness;. Grand . Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. ' SULLIVAN .1- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES^
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. '-828 Harrison st. - .
SPECiXI sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
LEGAL NOTICES.
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal ■ Property, 1898.— Office of the Clerk of
Board of • Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second j
.floor, July 6, 1898. . .
Public notice is hereby given, : in accordance
wnn section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of . San Francisco, for the fiscal year
1898, has been completed and delivered to nit, !
as Clerk of the Loard of Supervisors, together j
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination In this office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m.. and that aald
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of I
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July i
6, 1898. at 2 o'clock, and will thereafter con- '
tinue in session from time to time until the :
business of equalization presented to them is
disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
July. 1898.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
, Public noace is also given that. in. accord-
ance with Actions 1897. 1899 and 3654 of the
Political CodA the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and is now open
for examlnatldh* and correction, as provided by i
law. 1 ;JNu. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE to creditors.— Estate of JANE C
TEMPLE, deceased. Notice is hereby given
by the undersigned administratrix of the es-
tate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
: against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers within four
months 'after the first publication of this no-
tice to • the said administratrix at the office
of M. Stuart Taylor, City Ha 11 ..: Alameda, •
which the said : office the undersigned se-
l ects as her place of business in all matters
• connected with said estate of JANE C. TEM-
PLE, deceased. - • •• • "• . .
MARTHA E. SCHILLER, administratrix of
the estate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceas.-d.
Dated - Alameda. June 30, IS9S.
.M. STUART TAYLOR, attorney for estate.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate' of JAMES E I
.HOWLAND. deceased. Notice is hereby given
■.'by ' the undersigned administratrix of the above-
j named deceased, :to the creditors of, and aM I
persons having : claim* against The said • de-
•ceased, to exhibit . them with the ' necessary I
vouchers, .within four months after the first I
.- publication of this notice, to the said adminis-
tratrix, at the office of . James Boyes & Co.,
108 Clay Bt., the same being the place for the
transaction of : the business of the' said es-
tate In the City and County of San Francisco
State of California. ■ "■-:" ■-: •-••••■ - * • • .-■■ •
ALICE 8. . CHIPPERFIELD, . administra-
trix of the estate of the - above-named de-
. ceased- .'• -.■■■'■ -■"-..' ■'■- ■ iri • ■■-'■• '" ; • '■<■ ■'■■■'■
Dated San Francisco, June 30, 1898.' •/ .:
R. P.- DUKE, attorney for : administratrix.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco, June 29, 1898. I
Notice— Certain* goods remaining one year ; in:
1 bonded warehouse will be sold ■at .public ' auc- I
! tlon at the .United States Appraiser's store,, i
on the;22d of July at 11 o'clock a. m. De-
scriptive catalouges • can be' had ■at the Cus-
. torn-house on July 16 or at time and place
of •ale. ; /JOHN P. -JACKSON.! Collector. J
MARRIAGE licenses. '
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Joseph W. Johnston and Jessie H. Scott.. 2B-24
Charles E. Newton - and Rose Smith...... 23-19
James H. Harney and Caroline M. Helmer.2S-23
Harry G. Plymlre and Annie F. Lawson.. 2l-20
S. C. Rasmussen and Auguste J. Brunk 32-25
Albert C. Brown and Kittle M. Kinyon. 23-20
Henry T. Cushing and Annie L. Frakes 27-22
Joseph E. Rogers and Rebecca McCurdy.. 34-27
Guy R. Earl and Laura Barnaby 21-18
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
EWING— JuIy i. 1898. to the wife of W. H.
Ewing, a son.
OLSEN— In this city, July 4, IS9B, to the wife
of B. S. Olsen. a daughter.
| OTTO— 3, 189S, to the wife of Paul Otto,
I a son.
married! ~^
OLMOS— In Redwood City, July 4.
IS9B, by the Rev. Father Kearns. Albert Ol-
mos of Redwood City and Bertha Miller of
Woodslde. j
SCHRADER— BUTTERFIELD— June 30, 1898. at
the house of G. R. Schrader, by the Rev.
Charles Edward Locke of the Central Metho-
dist Church, Charles L. .Schrader and Sarah
A. Butterfleld.
DIED.
Barbieri. Giovanni Olllvier. Jean
Beckedorff. G. H. L. Olsen (infant)
Cleary, William J. Parkinson. Mary A.
Denison. EH B. Perritt, Louis .
Ferguson, William Piercy, Joseph A. •'
Korsyth, George C. Snyder, Raymond J.
Hanlon, John Steere, Rebecca R. -
Jacobson, Frank Townsend, Louis R.
Lehmann, Elizabeth Truman, Fanny
. Long, William Wempe, Agnes T.
Lyngreen, Mrs. J. White, Walter J.
Muller, Theresia Willson, Caroline .
BARBIERI— In this city, July 7, 1898, Gio-
vanni M., beloved ' husband of Lotte Barbieri,
father of M. and Mabel Barbieri, and brother
of Mr. G. Barbieri, a native of Italy, aged
47 years 6 months and 22 days. - ' '
IC? Notice of funeral hereafter
BECKEDORFF— In this city, July 5. .1898,
George H. L. , beloved husband of Franceses
Beckedorff, and son of Sophie" A. and the
late George H. C. Beckedorff, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years ' 5 months and j 12
days. ■
• ID'Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Friday), at 1-- o'clock, from his late rest-
dence, 1211 Howard street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, where, funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
California Lodge No. 1, F. and/A. M., at 3
o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill ; Cemetery.
CLEARY— In South San Francisco, July 7. IS9B,
William Joseph, dearly beloved husband of
the late Julia A. Cleary. and dearly beloved
father of Mrs. Katie Keefe. Mrs. H. G. Mil-
ler, William J. Cldary, Mrs. F. S. Oliver' and
■ Frank Cleary, a native of Waterford. Ire-
land, - aged 59 years 3 months and 21 . days.
A member of Bay View Lodge No. 159. A. O.
U. W. - (New York papers please copy.)
£~TN<>tice of funeral hereafter.
DENISON— In Oakland, July 7. IS9S. Ell S.
Denisbn, a native of Elbridge, " N. V., aged
70 years and 11 months. • . . -.
FERGUSON— In this city. July C, IS9S, William
Ferguson, a native of England, aged 68 years.
FORYSTH— In Oakland, July 6, IS9S. George
C., husband of ; Amanda E. Forsyth, and
, father of Herbert G. Forsyth and Mrs. J. M.
Brewer, a native of Canada, aged 56 years
and 6 months.- . .
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday),
at 1:30 .o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
Montgomery and Post streets, under the aus-
pices of Golde: . Gate - Lodge No. 30, F. and
A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HANLON— this city, July 7. IS9B, John, be-
■ loved husband of Mary J. Hanlon, and father
of Mrs. Thomas Peckham and Frank 1.. Jo-
seph A., John S. and Edward R. Hanlon, a
native of County Tipperary, Ireland, aged
74 years. . ' : . . .
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence, 1423 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a ■ high
. requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private, Holy Cross- Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. • '. •■^.A'-*
JACOBSON— this city. July 7, ISP', Frank
Jacobson, beloved brother of - Fred, Emily,
Ernest, Nellie, Edward and Hanna' Jacobs n
and Mrs. K. E. Hanson, a native of Sweden,
aged 26 yea
LEHMANN- In this city. July. 7, 1898, Eliza-
- beth, beloved wife of Max Lehmann, a na-
tive of Rochester, N. V., aged 32 years i
months and 1 day. , •. .-. ■
j (CTFriends. and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metsler, 636 Washington-street.
Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. -
LONG— In the City and County Hospital-. July
7, 1898,- William Long, a native of Louisiana,
aged 46 years. ..,:.• • • ■
LYNNGREEN— In this city, July 7, 1898, Mrs.
Johanna, wife of J. W. Lynnereen, and be-
loved mother of Alfred, Joseph and Blanche
Lynngreen and Mrs. E. B. O'Connor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 52 years.
MILLER— In this city, July 5, 1858, Theresia,
.dearly beloved wife of George Muller, and
dearly beloved mother of George Jr., Edward
and Herman Muller, a native of Osthofen.
Germany, aged 57 years 1 month and 25 days.
A member of Third Order of St. Francis and
Altar Society of St. Boniface's Church.
C^Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to -attend -the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 4078 Hyde street, thence to St. Boni-
i.' face's Church. Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, ' commencing -at 9 o'clock- Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLLIVIER— In the City and County Hospital.
July 7, 1898, Jean Ollivier, a native of France,
• aged 43 year?. . • . - -...,,
OLSEN— In this" city, July 5, 1898, infant daugh-
ter of B. S. Olsen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 days.
PARKINSON— In this city, July 7. IS9S; Mary
A. Parkinson,, beloved mother of Margaret
A. Whipple and James L.. E. W. and George
. F. Parkinson, a native of England, aged 85
. years 3 months and 25 days. .. ,
PERRITT— this city, July 7, 1898, Louis Per-
ritt, a native of France, aged 7." years.
PIERCY— In Oakland, July 6, 1398, Joseph A.,
husband of the late Elizabeth A. Piercy,
father of Mrs. Lizzie Terry, grandfather of
Mrs. . .Paul i Gernreich and .Grace and Orrin
Terry, and brother of Mrs. .1. C. Cousins of
San Francisco and Mrs. Charles Green of
East Oakland, a native of St. John. New-
Brunswick, aged 6T years and 8 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), nt 2 o'clock, (rota the parlors of
Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. , , .
SNYDER— In this city. July 6. 1898. Raymond
- Joseph, dearly and only beloved child of Louis
and Maggie Snyder, a" native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 months. ■ ' ' • •
lE?" Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 'the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 245 Clara street." Interment Holy
■'. Cross . Cemetery.
STEERE— Alameda, July 3, ■ IS9B, Rebecca
• R., beloved wife of Charles W. Steere. mother
of Evalyn Frances Steere, sister of Laura A.
Mowry, and aunt of Ellen M. and George B.
Mowry, a native of Fascoag, R. 1., aged 68
years 11 months and 17 days.''- •.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Laura A. Mowry, 706 Ivy avenue,
thence to St. Stephen Church. Fulton
street, between Webster and Fillmore. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TOWNSEND— this city, July 6, 1898, Louis
R. Townsend, aged 66 years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances and all mem-
bers and ex-members of the City Guard, mem-
bers of Veteran Corps. N. G. C, and Ex-
empt Firemen are requested to attend : the
funeral • . Sunday, July 10, at 2 o'clock,
from the First Regiment Armory, corner
Page and-Gough streets. . . .
TRUMAN— this city, July 7. 1898, Fanny,
infant daughter of Provy and -"Fanny Tru-
man, a native of Gold Beach," Or., aged 10
months. ■ • :
WEMPE— In this city, July 6, 1898, Agnes The- >
resa, dearly beloved daughter of Lena and
the late Henry' L. Wempe, and sister of
Henry, Lizzie", JoFle, Louis, Lena, Willie and
'Frank Wempe and Mrs. M. C.-Lorigan. a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged 11 years 8 months
and 10 days.
'•■• (t~?"Fr!ends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 253 Seventh street, thence to
St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue,
where a solemn requiem mass will be '• cele-
brated for the repose- of her .soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
■ tery. „."■ W- •"•■■•" ; 'v, '■'•
WHITE— this city, July 7, 1898, Walter John,
beloved son of John and Mary White, a na-
tive of -San Francisco, aged 1 year 3 months
and 7 days. ' . ':•■ • . -
(CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 652V6 .Jessie street. ■.■■ ; ..
WILLSON— In Oakland, July 7. 1898, Caroline
Willson. grandmother of Guy t hamplin, a na-
tive of Mobile, Ala., aged 90 years. • ' •
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, *■&',
FUNKKAL DIRECTORS & EJI3ALMERJ
" 10 IIfTH ST., Opp. I/in:ola ' toftML "
Telephone^ i South 80. ■ ' ' . O
- ; n. n. m'avot. Manager. g
McAVOY «fe CO., |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, I
.-i 1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. I . m '
_^_ ' ■ Telephone, , So uth 247. - I
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
* FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
2666 Mission St. Mission Masonic Templo
■ -v;i^;v»--'- . Telephone Mission 71;; .' ; ;V -
1314
■ r
I THE INSURANCE COMPANIES i
I PAY THE LOSS! I
! You Get the Benefit. I
x ♦
rssIISRHS iKrSS 111 (IDS'
ECU 57 pieces 55-INCH ENGLISH DIAGONAL SUITING, slightly damaged;
33C former price $125 a yard; will be offered at 55c a yard.
if 45 pieces 54-INCH FANCY SCOTCH CHEVIOT CHECKS, slightly
«SOL damaged; regular price $1 a yard; will be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
pa 37 pieces 56-INCH NAVY CHEVIOT SERGE, worth $125 a yard; on
*-*VJL special sale at 50c a yard; slightly damaged. /
rq r 29 pieces 45-INCH FINE ALL WOOL FRENCH HENRIETTA SUIT-
%JO\« ING; former price $1 a yard; will be offered at 55c a yard.
AZ r 32 pieces FANCY MIXED ENGLISH COVERT SUITING, worth 65c a
T-OL- yard; will be placed on sale at 45c a yard.
_ nr 300 yards 24-INCH BLACK FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, good value
5^ for 75c; will be closed out at 50c a yard. •
A- r 200 yards 24-INCH BLACK FIGURED GROS GRAIN SILK, good
value for 90c; will be closed out at 65c a yard.
__ r 400 yards COLORED TAFFETA SILK, light and medium shades; extra
/s^* quality; will be closed out at 75c a yard.
.— c 500 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, heavy quality; good value for
/i)^" 90c; will be closed out at 75c a yard. •
C 1 1O 600 yards 27-INCH COLORED TAFFETA SILK, very finest quality;
4? 1 . I\J goO( value for $150; will be closed out at $110.
J Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
[§li Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
San Franclsco> /
DECISIONS ON
WAR DUTIES
Important for Bankers
and Others.
KNOTTY PROBLEMS SOLVED
COLLECTOR JACKSON MAKES A
CHANGE T/nt tjtc -R.ni.ES.
Sold Out All His Stamps and
Has Orders for Thirty Thou
sand Dollars' "Worth.
The receipts at the office of Internal
Revenue Collector Lynch yesterday were
$14,461 01, of which sum $6000 was
for war duty stamps. The Collec
tor Bald that he could have sold
$30,000 worth of stamps If the
Btock on hand had not been exhausted
early in the day. At the close of business
hours all the stamps he had left were a
few 1-eenters and a small quantity of
documentary stamps of small denomina
tion. He expects to receive a supply
from Washington to-day and to-morrow.
The Collector has received from the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue sev
eral decisions on the financial and bank
ing phases of the new law. They are in
answer to inquiries from leading bankers
and financiers throughout the United
States. The decisions are as follows:
Manufacturing companies having on hand
cash surplus, awaiting use in payment of divi
dends, which surplus meanwhile is loaned upon
collaterals, are required to pay special tax as
banks under the act of June 13, IS9B.
TREASTRY DEPARTMENT,
Office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 23. IRSB.
Gentlemen: Your letter of the 21st Instant
has bef-n received, wherein you say: "We
represent clients engaeed In manufacturing,
who, from time to time, have on hand a cash
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURED BY
CUTIGURA SOAP
Before using Cuticcha Soap, my face and
hands were just as rough as could bo and my
face was all covered with pimples. I was un-
fit to look at, but after using Ccticura Soap
three weeks, my face was equal to velvet.
Feb. 6, 1898. PAUL DUFRE, Chaler, La,
I suffered with blackheads and pimples for
two or three years until it became chronic. I
tried everything imaginable, but it did me no
' good. Cuticura Soap cured me.
Feb. 20, 98. L. V. GILLIAM, Oak P. 0.,
I was troubled for eight years with pimples
on the face. I commenced using Coticura
Soap. In a very short time the pimples all
disappeared and my skin is now in a healthy
condition. JAMES FOSTER,
Feb. 17, 1898. Dixmont, Allegheny Co., Pa.
Bold throughout the world. Pri-e PottikDeto
ADD cum. Cob*.. Sole Propi., Bcton.
«# • ** liow to Prevent Mid Core Pimples," mailed fro*
surplus awaiting use for the payment of divi
dends, purchase of supplies and other necessi
ties for the business. While the surplus Is
waiting to be used it is loaned uj">n col
laterals." You inquire whether the making of
such loans constitutes the lender a banker
within the meaning of the second section ol the
act of June 13, ISfiS; and. If so. "what is to be
regarded as the amount of capital used, as, for
example, in a case where the capital of the
company is JIO.WKOOO, while the average amount
loaned does not exceed H, OOO, WOT"
In the opinion of this office the language of
that section, which provides "that every per
son, firm or company • • • having a place
of business • • • where money Is advanced
or loaned on stocks, bonds, bullion, bills ot ex
change or promissory notes, • • • shall be a
banker under this act," clearly subjects the
person, firm or company to whom you refer to
special tax as banker.
The amount of special tax to be paid is re
quired to be estimated upon the amount of
capital used in the business. The fact that
any manufacturing company or firm makes use
of its surplus (as in the case whlrh yon state)
in doing a banking business does not Involve it
in special tax liability estimated upon the en
tire amount of capital employed by it in its
manufacturing business.
It is held, therefore, that it is not this
amount, but simply the amount of surplus on
hand for the purpose of making loans, that is
to be taken as a basis for estimating the
amount of special tux.
It is not the average amount loaned within
the year, but the entire amount of surplus on
hand out of which loans may be made.
Return should be made to the Collector of the
district for the computation of the annual tax
on the basis of this surplus (or capital) "for
the preceding fiscal year," as provided for by
the statute. Respectfully yours.
N. B. SCOTT, Commissioner.
Parsons, Rhepard & Ogden, New York, N. Y.
Certificates of deposit bearing interest, sub
ject to tax of 2 cents when for a sum not ex
ceeding $100, and also to same tax for
every additional $!00 or fraction thereof. In
reckoning amount of special tax required to be
paid by banks, the surplus should bt taken as
including the undivided profits.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 23. 1898.
Sir: Will you please reply as follows to the
various questions submitted to this office by
Mr. M. L. Williams, vice president of the Com
mercial National Hank of Detroit, In a letter
dated the 15th instant:
Checks, notes, etc., made and Issued prior to
July 1. 1898, do not require a stamp under
Schedule A of the act of June 13, IS3S, although
paid after that date.
A certificate of deposit bearing Interest
though payable on demand is subject to &
tax of 2 cents when it Is for a sum not ex
ceeding $100, and for each additional
1100 or fraction thereof In excess of $100 2
cents.
In reckoning the amount of special tax re
quired to be paid by a bank, the Burpluf.
should be taken as including the undivided
profits on hand. Respectfully yours,
N. B. SCOTT, Commissioner.
Mr. Charles Wright, Collector First District,
Detroit. Mich.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
Office of Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
WASHINGTON, June 25, 1898.
Sir: I reply aa fallows to the series of ques
tions submitted by W. R. Grace & Co. of New
York, in their letter to you dated the 23d lnst.,
which you have referred to me:
1. For the Incidental bank.ng business which i
they state they do for the convenience of their
various correspondents throughout South Amer
ica they are required to pay special tax as
bankers under section 2 of the act of June 13,
USS. Hut, In estimating the amount of this i
special tax, the entire capital of their house,
Which, they say, Is $3,000,000, "employed In the I
steamship and merchandise business," Is not to
be taken as the basis of this estimate, but only '
those funds In their hands from the proceeds
of merchandise sold, which they hold or make
use of for the purpose of doing any of the
business of banking as defined in that section.
If the funds thus held and used have not ex
ceeded $25,000 in the preceding fiscal yeur the
amount of their special tax Is $50.
2. On a charter party the tax Is required by
the act to be paid on the original charter party |
only and the stamp affixed thereto for the en- I
tire tax. Stamps are not required by the law j
on copies of the charter party.
3. In the case of a shipping receipt issued,
which, they say, is afterward presented at the
office and a bill of lading Issued in exchange i
therefor, the tax of 10c Is required to be paid
both on the shipping receipt and on the bill
of lading, and the requisite staijip must be
affixed to each. As to bills of lading or re
ceipts for merchandise to be exported. It Is held
that no stamp tax is required to be paid on
copies of such bills of lading. The bills of I
lading* on which and on "each duplicate" of
which tax is required to be paid are those only
which are referred to in the eighth clause of
schedule A as requiring "a stamp of the value
of 1 —Ok"
4. As brokers they are required to pay a tax j
of 10c only on each contract of sale, and noth- I
Ing on contract of purchase. They can obtain I
from the Collector of the Second District of !
New York, Charles H. Treat. Nassau and j
Spruce streets, New York, the stamps required
by them. Respectfully yours,
N. R. SCOTT. Commissioner.
Hon. Charles G. Bennett, House of Repre
sentatives.
Customs Collector Jackson has issued
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUi.Y 8, 18WS.
To-day we present a few samples of the thousands
of bargains that are drawing such crowds to our sale of
the immense stock of CLOAKS, SUITS, CLOAKINGS and
DRESS MATERIALS recently damaged by fire in M,
SIMONOFF'S Cloak Factory, and which we secured at the
TREMENDOUS DISCOUNTS noted above.
The IMPORTANCE OF PROMPTNESS in attending
this great sale cannot be too strongly emphasized, as in
most cases the damage is hardly perceptible, and THE
GOODS ARE GOING OFF WITH A RUSH at the
Small Percentage of Actual Values Quoted
DRESS TRIMMINGS.
|91^ BLACK MARABOUT TRIMMINGS, all silk,
••^a^ 1 inch wide; value 25c; will be offered at
12V2C.
lE. BLACK MARABOUT TRIMMINGS, 2 inches
Jm JL all silk; value 75c; will be offered at
25c.
r>C\ r COLORED BEADED ORNAMENTS, 5
JV/C irr*ViP<s v>-ide; value $1 each; will be closed
out at 30c,
ftft BLACK CHENILLE FRINGE, mixed with
«J)l»vlV/ beads; value $4; will be closed out at $1.
FEATHER BOAS,
Qf\ r REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS; value
-*vFC $1 50; will be closed out at 90c.
OAA REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS; value
(?.£,UU 52 75; will be closed out at $2.
RIBBONS^ RIBBONS.
'lEp FANCY RIBBONS, in brocade effect; value
£••3^' 75c; will be closed out at 25c.
PARASOLS.
ErAf CHILDREN'S PARASOLS, soiled, value $1 50
3VFL to $2 50; will be closed out at 50c.
the following circulars, explanatory of
certain provisions of th* act of interest
to brokers and merchants:
Referring to previous orders regarding the
stamping of proprietary articles mentioned in
schedule B, act of June 13. 1898, I now inclose
circular No. US, one copy only of which has
been received by this office, and from which
you will perceive that the customs authorities
are relieved from all responsibility in the mat
ter, and that the only stamp required to be
affixed to articles before delivery' from custody
are those existing prior to June 13, 1898, such
as taxes for cigars, snuff, tobacco and play
ing cards. Consequently all previous instruc
ticr.s respecting articles covered by Schedule
B are revoked.
Here follows the important part of the
circular referred to:
! In order that the practice at the several ports
shall be uniform, officers of the customs are
instructed that with the advice of the pro
1 visional Commissioner of Internal Revenue it
; is held that Inasmuch as section 24 of the war
' revenue law provides that every' person, except
j as otherwise provided for. who offers or exposes
! for sale any article or thing provided for in
i said Schedule B. whether the article was of-
I ferred or exposed as of foreign manufacture oi
Imported or of domestic manufacture shall be
! deemed a manufacturer thereof: and as the
! penalties prescribed In the said law are incu>
i red by any manufacturer who shall sell, send
out, remove or deliver any article or commod
ity before the tax thereon shall have been
fully paid by affixing thereon the proper stamy
thf-rpfur Importers are made amenable as man
i ufacturers to the requirements and penalties of
! the law.
| The practice of designating certain packages
for examination by the appraisers under the
I provisions of section 2901, Revised Statutes, and
of delivering the remainder of the Importation
directly to the Importer nfter the duties have
been paid or secured to be paid will be con
tinued by chief officers of customs without re
gard to the stamping of the contents undpr
' the war revenue law, the enforcement of the
' latter being distinct from the collection of
| customs dups and devolving upon the officers
of the Bureau of Internal Revenue. The ex
ceptions to this rule are found in the proviso
at section 24, which is as follows: "Provided
further that Internal revenue stamps required
by existing law on 'mported merchandise shall
be affixed thereto and canceled at the expense
of the owner or importer before the withdrawal
of such merchandise for consumption, and the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
make such rules nnd regulations aF may be
necessary for the affixing and canceling of such
stamps not inconsistent herewith."
The stamps which, under the law existing
: prior to June 13. IS9R, were affixed under cus
| toms supervision, such as the taxes upon ci
gars, snuff and tobacco, will accordingly con
tinue to be affixed and canceled under the
present law before the withdrawal of the mer
chandise for consumption.
Deputy Collector Farley addressed the
following to Thomas H. Craig, entries and
clearance clerk:
All shipper's manifests must show the
names of the actual shipper of goods exported.
Manifests showing as shippers the names of
employes of Individual firms or corporations
known to be engaged in the exporting business
will not be accepted. In the case of brokers
or employes of firms or corporations who make
In their own names entries for benefit of draw
back, withdrawals for export, or entries for
wnr'-house and immediate exportation, suf*r»
brokers or employes are considered to be the
actual shippers of the merchandise covered by
said entries, and withdrawals and shippers'
manifests may be accepted accordingly.
Wines for Peru.
Senator Perkins has sent to Hugh Craig
of the Chamber of Commerce a letter
I received by nim from Hon. John A. Kas
son. relati\'e to reciprocity with Peru, in
which Mr. Kasson says:
Peru wants a 20 per cent reduction of our
duties on sugar, brandies and wines, the prod
ucts of Peru, and offers certain concessions
j In return on products of the United States. In
1897 we Imported from Peru only three dozen
I bottles of wine, valued at $15; of brandies,
I none. T'nder these circumstances, It Is pre-
I sumed that the brandies and wines of Peru
did not suit the American taste or trade, and
that a concession in the duty might be safely
made without harm to our native product.
| California wines are marketed down the coast
and might perhaps enter Peru. Be pleased, ns
representative of the California Interests, to
prlve me the benefit of your views on the sub
| ject. and oblige.
The lftter has been referred to several
of the local wine men for them to dis
cuss.
Refuses to Work.
Stephen McLaughlin, a big, lazy man
from Bay View, was sent to the County
Jail for six months by Judge Mogan yes
terday, on a charge of vagrancy. He has
a wife and family, but refuses to work
to support them, and his wife has been
compelled to go out and beg. The Judge
expressed his regret that he could not
sentence him to work six months on a
rock pile.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS.
H/)A LADIES' FANCY PLAID SILK WAISTS,
•v" tight lining, made in the latest style; regular
price $6; will be placed on sale at $4.
ff- nn LADIES' BLACK SATIN WAISTS, tucked
«p J«uU yoke, lined all through; regular price $7 50;
will be placed on sale at 55.
•?fi AA LADIES' HANDSOME BLACK SILK TAF-
<JSU.VU FETA WAISTS, front of waist finished with
fine tucks and knife plaiting; regular price
$S 50; will be placed on sale at 56.
(/C|j|| LADIES' HANDSOME SILK WAISTS, in
tp"U»vU checks and plaids, waist lined all through;
regular price 58 50; will be placed on sale
at $6.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
lOr n0 P feces DOUBLE-FOLD ALPACA; worth
Iv/C 20c; will be placed on sale at 10c yard.
r 2000 yards 36-INCH FRENCH CREPON;
~ >-*'*' Simonoff's price 50c; sale price 25c yard.
A(\ r 20 P lec *s 45-INCH FINE FIGURED ENG-
t" v^ LISH ALPACA; good value for 75c; sale
price 40c yard.
Kn r 20 pieces 54-INCH CHEVIOTS; worth $1;
sale price 50c yard.
OC r 25 pieces 37-INCH ENGLISH CREPON;
worth regular 75c; sale price 35c yard.
REMAINS OF
A NAVAL HERO
Captain Gridley's Ashes
Arrive Here.
THE RIO DE JANEIRO IN PORT
MORE TROUBLE ON THE AMER
ICAN SHIP MAY FLINT.
A Ridiculous Story About the United
States Gunboat Monocacy De
nied by the North China
Daily Mall.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer
City of Rio de Janeiro arrived from
Hongkong via Yokohama and Honolulu
yesterday morning. She was behind
time, having been delayed by head winds.
She brought up twenty-four cabin and
nineteen European steerage passengers,
besides seventeen Japanese and a hun
dred and sixty-nine Chinese passengers.
While the steamer was in Hongkong
there was a ridiculous story current
about the United States steamship Mon
ocacy. It was to the effect that on Dec
oration day a party was given aboard
the gunboat by the officers and that a
Spanish flag was spread on the gangway
for the guests to walk over. The silly
yarn was denied by the North China Daily
News.
The notorious American ship May Flint
was in trouble again in Yokohama while
the' Rio was there. As soon as the vessel
reaches port the sailors complain about
ill treatment from one or the other of the
officers. On this occasion Peter Bonavie,
an A. 8., was arrested at the instance of
Henry Johnson, the boatswain, for dis
playing a revolver aboard the ship. From
the evidence it appears that the captain
and boatswain were beating the sailors
and he drew the gun in self-defense. The
United States Consul took the pistol and
gave it to tho captain for safe keeping
and ordered Bonavie to be put aboard the
ship again. If he goes to sea in the May
Flint on her return voyage thefe are sure
to be lively times for him on the trip.
The Rio de Janeiro left Honolulu on
June 29, shortly after the Brutus and
Monterey. Outside she found both ves
sels at anchor, as one of the collier's jour
nals had got hot and it had to be cooled
before she could proceed.
The ashes of Captain C. "V. Gridley,
late of the cruiser Olympia, were brought
over on the Rio. It will be remembered
that after the battle of Manila he was
invalided home and died aboard the
steamer Coptic at Kobe. Japan. From
there his remains were taken to Yoko
hama and cremated. On the Rio a state
room was set apart for the casket. As
the vessel did not dock until late the
Navy Pay Office was unable to take pos
session of the remains. To-day they will
be turned over to it and will at once be
forwarded to the widow. As the steamer
entered port and steamed up to her dock
all her flags were set at half mast out of
respect to the illustrious dead.
Among the Rio's passengers were "W.
Donovan, gunner's' mate of the Monterey,
and F. Stevens, who have been sent home
as incapacitated by old age. Seven of the
volunteers also came back from Honolulu
on the sick list. They are: H. C. How
ard, B. F. Fannon, Paul A. Miller, W. F.
Malone, C. A. Thaler, Charles Butler and
Leonard Stafford. The latter was a ser
geant of Company E, Nebraska Volun
teers, and has rheumatism.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
Coptic sailed for the Orient yesterday
with quite a number of passengers and a
very large cargo. Among those who
went away on her were the wife of Lieu
tenant Parmenter, now with his ship
at Manila, and Miss Irwin, a relative of
Rear Admiral Irwin, retired. The ladies
will remain at Hongkong until it is safe
for them to go to Manila.
While moving from under the coal
bunkers at Beale street yesterday the
ship Lucille parted her hawser and drift
ed over to Main-street wharf. She very
nearly crushed the schooners Katie S
and Mabel and Edith. There was some
lively skirmishing while the three ves
sels were mixed up in the slip.
The steamer Czarina is back from
Puget Sound, where she was engaged for
a time in the Klondike trade, and will
go back on the Coos Bay run. On April
19, last, while discharging cargo at the
wharf in Juneau, the steamer Dirigo ran
into the Czarina and knocked a four
foot hole in her. To save his vessel from
sinking Captain Seaman had to run the
Czarina on the mud flats. Temporary
repairs were made and ther?\ on April
22, Captain Jansen. the pilot, ran her on
a rock in Wrangel Narrows. It took two
months' hard work to repair her at Seat
tle and to make her as good as ever
eighteen new plates had be put in her
bottom and three others on her starboard
side aft.
The Harbor Commissioners discussed
the free market question yesterday. It
was practically decided to set aside Pa
einc-street wharf for the purpose, but
nothing definite will be done until a con
ference has been held with the Produc
ers' Association next Wednesday. D.
MoPartland was granted the news stand
privileges In all the waiting rooms of the
new ferry depot. The ticket offices of
the Southern Pacific will move Into the
new depot on Sunday, and the work of
removing the old wooden shanties will
beerin nt once.
The luxuriantly furnished river steamer
Mary Ellen Galvln is to have her trial
trip next Sunday. Wednesday the Cali
fornia dry dock people attempted to put
her on the ways, but as the preparations
were all made for a keel instead of a
fiat bottomed boat the Galvin nearly
came to grief. The vessel was put back
Into the water, and then the dock peo
ple refused to handle her unless the own
ers would be responsible for any damago
that might be done to the hull. "The Gal
vln will be fixed up without docking.
FLUSHING THE SEWERS.
Olympic Salt Water Company Will
Be Kept to Its Franchise.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday to consider the
matter of flushing the sewers during the
summer months. The Spring Valley
Water Company has a contract with the
city tt> do that work at a cost of Jo a
hydrant, but it was feared that owing to
the dry winter the water supply for living
purposes would be reduced by the flushing
process.
The Olympic. Salt "Water Company,
through its representatives, reported that
it would take the flushing contract on the
same terms as those granted the Spring
Valley Water Company.
Dr. Williamson spoke in, favor of the
proposition of flushing with salt water,
as he believed salt water a far better
purifier than fresh water.
It was decided to defer action on the
matter until the Street nnd Finance Com
mittees could meet in joint session.
After the meeting adjourned Clerk Rus
sell looked over the terms of the franchise
granted the Olympic Salt Water Com
pany. For the use of the streets to run
their mains the company stipulated to
furnish the city, free of cost, five times a
year such water as might be needed
either by the Street or Fire departments.
Tt is now probable that the Olympic
Salt Water Company will be called upon
to live up to the terms of the franchise
and furnish the water necessary for flush
ing purposes free of charge.
Edwin Ogle's Complanit.
Suit was filed yesterday by Edwin Ogle
against A. B. Forbes & Son, general
agents of the Mutual Life Insurance
Company of New York, to recover $30,000
for alleged libel. Plaintiff alleges that
he was a solicitor for Beaver & Kllgarif,
Pacific Coast agents of the company, and
m
I THE BIGGEST BARGAINS
I Always Go First ! |
1 SECURE AN EARLY CHOICE.!
LADIES' JACKETS!
Ci r\f\ LADIES' FLY FRONT JACKETS In - tan Kersey, velvet collars;
4> I .OO worth $3 50; will be closed out at $1 each.
—-. LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in fancy colors, lined and bound, worth
75^ $175; will be closed out at 75c each.
Q- r LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
"s** percaline and bound with velvet; worth $175; will be closed out at
95c each.
6*l O_ LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in fancy checks,- double lined, and bound
M>*»^s with velvet; worth $2 50; will be closed out at $125 each.
Cl rft LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, double
•P*«s^' lined, and bound with velvet; worth $2 50; will be closed out at $150
each.
£O rr . LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
•PO.^U percaline, and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; will be closed out at
$8 50 each.
<t/C AA LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with
»PU. giik, and bound with velvet; worth $10; will be closed out at $6 each.
¥ A ¥\¥¥*^£"M r^¥T¥l^^
5 AlllrS SI S
: . \
C _ f\f\ LADIES' SUITS in brown mixtures, fly front Jackets, lined with silk
s's*"*-' serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet; worth $10; will be
closed out at $5 each.
dJ_ r*f\ LADIES' BLOUSE SUITS in fancy mixtures, waists lined with fancy
«P5* UVU V silk and trimmed with braid; worth $12 50; will be closed out at $5
each.
C— - n LADIES' BLACK SERGE SUITS, fly front Jackets, lined with silk
•Py • i)" serge, skirts double lined and bound with velvet; worth $12 50; will
be closed out at $7 50 each.
If IF Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\^ ■ \Jr ' Sun ■ Franci&co. ■"-■■-■ ■& ■ ■* ■ ■
~ : •■'-''', . . - .■""-■'■■■■-*.-■>-: ■ " ■ - *•
while employed in that capacity he went
to "Watsonville. While there the defend
ants, it is alleged. Issued a circular charg
ing Ogle with being an untruthful per
son and w-arning all persons to refrain
from doing business with him. Ogle
claims th» charges are false, and, in con
sequence, asks that damages be awarded
him.
. *■ •
WITH THE RED CROSS.
State Public Meeting Will Soon Be
Held — Other Interesting
Notes.
As the State Society -will soon hold a
public meeting, secretaries of auxiliaries
throughout the State are requested to for
ward immediately reports of work accom
plished by them, so that they may be
read at the meeting.
The following ladies helped to make the sup
per given by the P.erkeley Red Cross Society
on the evening of July 4 a success: Mesdames
F. V. Paget, chairman; E. Brockaway. W.
Kellogg, J. B. Woolsey, James Bunnell. J.
Crawford, J. Calkins. G. Metcalf, W. Rising,
Clinton Day, J. N. I'ierce, F. Slate.
Subscriptions were received as follows by the
local branch yesterday: W. L. Patham. 50c;
memberships, $2!*; J. H. Jacoby. Call Vestibule.
$1; Dr. Agr.es Winzelt, H; cash, 50c; Works at
Pacific Mail Dock. $12 15; Postofflce Branch
R. S. Society, $200; employes Kilmer, Bred
hoff & Schultz, $10; Mrs. R. D. Jewett. $20;
Miss Hausler, second donation, 50c.
The Red Cross hospitality quarters at the
ferry have been moved to a room opposite,
which the Harbor Commissioners have fitted
up, and will remain there as long as the war
lasts.
Twenty-three recruits from the District of
Columbia for the Engineer Corps were enter
tained at the ferry yesterday morning.
Donations were received at 16 Post street
from Miss Jordan, Mrs. Hagaman. Miss
Hecht Mrs. O. James, Miss B. Rumsey,
friends, Mrs. A. S. Townsend, Mrs. A. S.
Hallldie Miss Ida Doane, Miss Snook. Mrs.
William Teason. Mrs. Klink, Native Daughters
Red Cross Aid from Eureka.
Mrs. A. S. Townsend sent 125 sacks of onions
which were distributed at Camp Merritt and
Presidio.
The following subscriptions were received at
the State headquarters: Colttsa Red Cross,
for badges, $2.'; Sausalito, for badges, $5; Ala
meda. for badges. $2 75; Mendocino Auxiliary
Red Cross Society, Initiation fee, $10; the
same for badges, $1 25; Vtntura Red Cross,
initiation, $10; Marysville, $50; Tulare. $10;
Newcastle. $10; Rathbone Sisters of Hermione
Temple, Wlnnemucca. Nev., $10: Rocklin, for
badges, $12 50; Los- Angeles. $125; Pescadero,
Colonel Loper of the Ohio Regiment has prom
ised the use of his band for the groat French
national celebration to be held at the «'lrjtps
on July 14. The celebration is to bo day and
night and It will be held for the benefit of the
Red Cross Society. Literary exercises, a con
cert, fireworks nitrht and day and a grand ball
will be the attractions.
A military promenade for the benefit of the
sick soldiers at Curr.v Merritt will be given
next Tuesday evening between the hours 01 S:3O
and 11:50 o'clock at Mission Parlor Hall, on
Seventeenth street, near Valencia. The recep
tion Is under the auspices of the ladies nf the
Thomas Aquinas Reading Circle, who are do
ing their utmost to secure its success.
Mrs. E. W. McKinstry nf the State depart
ment is in receipt of donations from Roseville,
Opkland. Martinez. Courtland. Redwood. Elmira
Circle, W. C. T. U. ; Mrs. Atmore of Santa
Paula and a large consignment of fruit from
an unknown person, as no card was placed
within the box.
A large corps of workers at 1(5 Post street
is now engaged in making surgical night
shirts, having obtained an excellent pattern
from the Mill Valley Red Cross Society. All
people interested in the cause are Rsked to
call and ins:iect the pattern, so they may
duplicate it.
Ball players are very much interested in the
ball game to be played on Sunday. July 10, at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets between the
Olympic Cyclers and Olympic Club Wheelmen
for the benefit of the Rod Cross.
Donations were recctvod by the San Fran
cisco Rod Crnss Society from Mi?s E. E. Lit
tl<\ Miss Weber, Belmont School, Hiram Marks.
M.-rvin Lipman. A. FlPtshhaker, Mrs. P. Hirll
man, Miss Brlerly. California Women's Hospi
tal, Anna Price. Mrs. Max Marks. Milbrae
Dairy. Hazel Holmes, Mrs. Adolf Mack, Na
tive Daughters.
A very beautiful old fan. the gift of Messrs.
! MeCann. Belcher and Allen, is being raffled by
Shreve & Co. for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society.
■ ♦ «
\ Estates in Probate. .
The will of Emil Rosendorn, who died
on the 2d inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. All of the realty of decedent,
together with insurance policies aggregat
ing $12,000, is bequeathed to the widow
of the testator. Small bequests are made
tg the sisters of the decedent. The will
of Kate E. Vollner, who died May 7, was
filed yesterday. An estate valued at $7000
Is beoueathed John Bonner, the well
known journalist, who was the adopted
father of the testator.
Grand PERSONALLY CONDUCTED
VACATION EXCURSION
TO
ALASKA and the ARCTIC CIRCLE
(LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN). v
. —BT.THB— * •
BOSTON AND ALASKA TRANSPORTATION
CO.'S Steel Steamship BRIXHAM,
Leaving San Francisco July 10, Seattle July
14, touching at various coast points, affording
passengers an opportunity of seeing the mag-
nificent scenery of Puget Sound, coast of Brit-
ish Columbia in daylight, volcanoes of the
Aleutian Islands, ("topping at Unalaska, thence
across Bering Sea, touching at New Boston,
passing Kings Island, the home of the Arctic
cliff dwellers, en route to Kotzebue Sound The
final landing will be made at Hoiham Inlet at
the mouth of Kowak River, and on the return
trip the steamship Brixham will stop at St
Micha?! and Dutch Harbor for sightseeing
purposes.
THIRTY-DAY TRIP,
Under Management of the Company's Tourist
• Agent,
ONLY $2.-0. "
Including meals, berths, transportation and all
necessaries. Three concerts dally by the
steamer's orchestra. Lady chaperon. Electric
lights. Steam heat. Experienced guide. Su-
perb cuisine.
Apply
BOSTON AND ALASKA TRANSPORTATION
COMPANY.
H. M. HAINES, C. F. and P. A..
20 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
A. E. CRONENWETT. G. T. M.,
114 James street, Seattle, Wash.
dr7pierce's belt
UKi rltifuL 0 DtLl
• kM^t4a&\yttj ,j- will CUR WHEN
everything else falls.
snSvtm3£&£ffirTO& Letters like the follow-
kg&jfcfi?^p??£^ in are arriving daily:
H^Ly.iSj.J -n*fM MONTROSE Colo.,
<^^Oi^^ffi!3fe^ DR. PIERRE & SON—
T*»f* :3K*«KWyi Gentlemen: For the
• -ctai* •» benefit of others I desire
-i?Jjy to say that I am 52 years
W old; have been In the
mines for 23 years, where I contracted my dis-
ease. I have been doctoring for about 8 years
and have been to different hot springs without
much benefit. My disease Is rheumatism and
neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles and spinal
disease. Was almost paralyzed, and my. blood
was poisoned. I contracted these diseases by
working in lead ores and in foul air in the
mines. I received your Electric Belt and Spinal
Appliance about 5 months ago, and from the
great benefit I have already received I think I
will soon be A WELL MAN. I was then suffer-
ing with pains day and ntght, with swelling of
the Joints and poor circulation of the blood; but
I am now ever so much benefited by using your
Belt and Appliance. I am, yours respectfully,
CHRIS JOHNSON.
[r^Be sure you buy no belt till you. see Dr.
Pierces. Address or call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel, Saa
Francisco.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
■exes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
m Market Street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.!
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, liuora ltlS, Glaus Syreckels Bid*.
Telephone 3ro SSL -
Residence. S2l California street. below
Powell. San Francisco.
Wight's Mai VeplaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cur«
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood.
: Grossman's SDeciflc Mixture
With i this remedy persons v can cure them-
: selves without the least exposure, chance of
diet or change In application to business. Ths
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
: to the constitution. : Ask your druggist for It.
1 Price. »1 a bottle.