VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 101.
BOGUS MONEY
IS MADE RIGHT
IN FOLSOM PRISON
Guards Surprise Convicts Busily En
gaged in Coining Nickels in
the Engine-Room.
CONVICT HARRY L. COYNE
PACRAMENTO, March 10.— A coun
terfeiter's layout has been discovered
at Folsom within the State prison
walla, the last spot on earth where one
would look for the illegal minting of
t'ncle Sam's coin. If there is a place
in the broad universe where neither
- and for the BM of
money arises it is within the walls of
the State prison; at least such is the
general impression of people who are
without experience with criminals. To
those who have had dealings with men
.i-ntenced to long terms of imprison
ment for the commission of crime it is
known that there is no passion or de
sire stronger than the predilection of a
prisoner to carry upon his person some
small amount of money. On the part of
many it becomes a mania, and they
will resort to all sorts of devices and
any kind of a subterfuge to withhold a
few pieces of coin from the Warden
upon entering the prison. Secretary
Smith, in speaking of this peculiarity
on the part of prisoners, once said to
The Call correspondent:
"You would be surprised to know
what difficulty we have in securing
money from the prisoners who are
brought here. No second termer ever
comes without an endeavor to conceal
upon his person some bit of money. I
have known them to have five-dollar
pieces covered with cloth and sewed
upon their vests as buttons. They con
ceal money in their hair and in their
ears, and we are not always successful
in obtaining possession of it. Not long
ago I brought $75 worth of books for
our library with money found around
the prison grounds — money that had
been hidden by convicts or carried in,
notwithstanding the precaution we
take to relieve all the prisoners of
every cent they have upon their per
son when entering for registration ."
But while it may not be astonish
ing to find this overwhelming desire on
the part of convicts to conceal their
Bpare change, there is probably no
prison in the United States where the
criminals successfully operated and
circulated bogus coin, manufactured
within the prison walls under the very
eyes of the officers.
For some time past Officer Charles
Jally. whose station is at the rock
crushing plant, has had his suspicions
aroused by the peculiar conduct of
some at the prisoners under his con
trol At first he thought these whisper
ings and signals were carried on in the
planning of some scheme to smuggle in
opium. This is a very common mat
ter at the prison, and only last week
Ouard Lamphry burned ten pounds of
the drug which had been surreptitious
ly brought within the confines.
After three or fc-ur days of watching
Jally informed Superintendent Taylor,
and both became convinced that some
deeper plot was being laid, and they
became more determined than ever to
ascertain the cause of so much sup
pressed excitement among the convicts.
Yesterday they were rewarded. Some
time during the morning Jally in
formed Taylcrr that there was some
thing wrong in the engine room. Tay
lor gathered about him Guards Jally
and Sllak. and the three made a rush
for the engine room. Convicts Cayne
and Brown were encountered, and a 9
the officers rushed in both convicts
leaped through a window in the engine
room and ran to the tank of the ca
nal, which was within a short distance
of the engine house. One of the guards
followed them, while the others pro
ceeded to Inspect the engine room.
As the convicts reached the edge of
■•" the canal there was a splash of muddy
water. The crucible and dies they had
used were forever beyond the posses
sion erf those in pursuit. The quick
The San Francisco Call
THE FOLSOM COUNTERFEITERS.
sands and murky waters of the Ameri
can River were safe custodians of their
guilt.
There were other evidences, how
ever, and they consisted of a pile of
nickels which were captured by the
guard who entered the engine room.
These nickels were splendid specimens
cf wnrkirr'ti.Rhip. The out ol
which they were mad* consisted of
babbiting, which is .a white soft metal
which forms the inside rim of the axle
box found on a locomotive. This sub
stance was taken from the engine
which runs through the prison grounds
and hauls the trains of crushed rock
which are shipped from the prison
rock crusher.
The nickels are seemingly as perfect
and complete as any ever made by
Uncle Sam. Many of them have been
given circulation and The Call corres
pondent found no difficulty in procur
ing one of them in the town of Folsom.
How the dies and crucibles were ever
made will perhaps remain a mystery.
Plaster of parts molds lere used, and
In the engine room were found many
fragments of this material.
Captain Murphy was rather reticent
when asked about the affair.
"It amounts to nothing," the captain
said, "and if it did I would not talk
about it in the absence of the warden.
I do not deem it to be best for the
prison discipline to take such matters
up and give them undue publicity in
the papers."
When shown one of the spurious
I coins the captain admitted that he had
' seen them, but beyond the admission
I he preferred to say nothing.
It is not supposed that Cayne and
■ Brown are the prisoners who made the
molds, but as there are several coun
j terfeiters doing time in Folsom, it is
j probable that the devices used were
i made by some of them, and the coining
of the counterfeit left to Cayne and
Brown.
A very extensive traffic has for a
long time been going on among the
! prisoners, and the officers have been at
j a loss to know where the convicts ob
A COUNTERFEITING PLANT RUN BY CONVICTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
CONVICT OAS.BROWN
tamed the money which had been so
freely circulated. The cigarette paper
among the convicts is a very choice
article, and they will give almost any
thing: to obtain a package of it. On
the other hand, there has been a great
quantity of opium smuggled in lately, i
and there is no duvbt that these coins ;
were being made for the purpose of ;
paying those who sent it in from the |
outside, as well as exchanging them for
cigarette papers.
It is a matter of some regret that the
entire layout was not captured, as it
no doubt would have given the officers
some clew as to the means employed
in obtaining it. Some of the officers
think that the dies were smuggled in
from the outside, while others hold that
the entire apparatus was made within
the prison walls. As there are many
tools and furnaces available around the ;
quarries, it is very probable that the
latter theory is the correct one.
The ladle used appeared similar to
those used around assaying establish
ments, while the crucible was crude in
form, and appeared as though it
had been melted into shape from rail
road couplings.
There are many cars arriving every
day in the yard, and it is from these
that the prisoners are supplied with
opium from the outside. The most won
derful devices are employed in this
prohibited traffic. Opium has been
found in the axle boxes of the cars, or
fastened to the inside of a brake beam;
in fact there is no place about a flat car
that has not been used in concealing
the drug.
The impression prevails among the
officers that it was the Intention of the
convicts to coin a great quantity of
nickels and then ship them out on the
freight cars, where their friends on the
outside could receive them in exchange
for opium.
It is probable that nothing but nick
els were attempted to be made for the
reason that the convicts could not ob
tain the metal necessary to manufac
ture silver coins.
WAR MAY TURN SOLELY
UPON SPAIN'S WILLINGNESS
TO PAY HEAVY DAMAGES
THE UNITED STATES ARMORY AT SPRINGFIELD, MASS.
There Are Half a Million Army Rifles in Stock and Workmen Are En*a*ed Ni£ht and Day in Turning Out Guns of the Latest
Approved Pattern. _____ ,
THE PRESIDENT
WILL INTERVENE
FOR THE CUBANS
It Is Only a Question Now of
the Best Method of Accom
plishing His Pur
pose.
Call Office, Biggs House,
Washington. March 10.
The administration has re
ceived, through Secretary
Gage, most positive and re
liable information to the effect
that the Spanish Government
is unable to borrow a dollar
from European financiers ■with
which to carry on a war, for
although three hundred mil
ion of Spanish bonds are held
by French and English capi
talists, the interests of French
and English financiers in
American securities are very
much greater.
It seems certain, therefore, that
SPAIN'S TORPEDO FLEET.
Copyrighted, IS3S. by James Gordon
Lipnnett.
MADRID, March 10.— The tor
pedo squadron, unless plans are
altered, will start to-morrow for
the Canaries, while two torpedo
destroyers leave England direct
for Cuba.
A strong sentiment is growing_
that peace of war should come
without delay. People are ask
ing here how the Reuter Agency
could have given circulation to
the statement that Senor Gullon
had asked the recall of General
Lee, when every one with the
slightest pretensions to being
well informed knew such was
not the case. Ugly comments
are made, in which financial
Bourse maneuvers are insinu
ated.
poverty-stricken Spain must yield to
any just demand made by the United
States. This will certainly include a
demand for indemnity, and it is be
lieved such indemnity will be paid
by European capitalists, but now that
the President is strongly fortified in
his position, with Congress unani
mously at his back and the powerful
European nations in sympathy, he
will not be content with a mere de
mand for indemnity, but will take
steps to intervene in Cuban affairs.
The report that President McKin
ley has prepared a rough draft of his
message to Congress recommending
intervention is premature. The Presi
dent is advising with men in Con
gress, in whose disinterested judg
ment he has most faith, on the ques
tion whether he sEould write in one
message his remarks on the verdict
of the Board of Inquiry of the Maine
disaster and his commentary on the
reports of our Consuls in Cuba, re
viewing the situation on the island
and urging the desirability of peace
ful intervention, or whether he
should make separate presentations
of the two subjects.
In case he decided upon the latter
course, it is possible that he might
put off the presentation of the Con
sular reports until after the effect ot
the report on the Maine disaster,
whatever it might be, should have
Continued on Second Page.
AN ULTIMATUM
MAY BE SENT
TO THE SPANISH
While the President Hopes for
Peace. He Would Take That
Course in Certain Con
tingencies.
NEW YORK, March 10.— The '
Herald's Washington correspond
ent telegraphs: At the White
House and the State Department,
where they are getting ready to
make representations to Spain in
connection with the Maine disas
ter ami- the general Cuban ques
tion, they are talking peace.
In the Military and Naval De
partment, where they are prepar
ing for war, they are talking
peace.
The average Senator and Repre
sentative is talking war. With
them war is inevitable.
Administration officials, while
talking peace, admit that war is
possible, if not probable. This
briefly sums up the state of opinion
here to-night.
Peace or war, President McKinlev :
has a fixed purpose in view. He will i
treat the Maine disaster and the real
Cuban question as kindred subjects, and
he purposes making representations to
Spain for the purpose of obtaining
reparation for the blowing up of the
Maine and for the speedy restoration of
peace in the island of Cuba. All of this
is with the understanding that the re
port of the court of inquiry will show
that the Maine was blown up by an out
side explosion, which is now accepted
by everybody here as definitely deter- j
mined.
It is going too far to say. as some
papers have said, that the President has
determined upon forcible intervention
and that he proposes to send a special
message to Congress at an early date
on the subject. If forcible intervention
comes it will be caused by Spain refus
ing to consider intermediary proposi
tions looking to the independence of
the island through peaceful means.
When the report of the court of in
quiry has been received showing, as it
undoubtedly will, that the vessel was
blown up by some exterior cause, the
President will proceed to make out a
case against Spain in a deliberate, judi
cial way. In the presentation of the
case to Spain he will be careful not to
use unnecessarily harsh words. He will
assume at the start that the Spanish
Government could not possibly be sus
pected of being participant in such a
dastardly act as the destruction of the
Maine and the slaughter of her men.
I Her failure, however, to prevent crime.
[he will insist, renders her liable for
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
FLEET SAILS
FOR MANILA.
LONDON, March 11.— A dis
patch to the Daily Mail from
Singapore says it is reported •
from Hongkong that the Amer
ican squadron has sailed far Ma
nila.
The Hongkong correspondent
of the Daily Mail says it is re
ported that the Philippine rebels
have captured Bolini, near Ma
nila. The land telegraph lines
connecting Manila with the ca
ble at Bolini have been cut.
According to the same corres- .
pondent, the British cruiser Ed
gar will sail for Manila this
(Friday) morning.
The New York correspondent
of the Daily Telegraph says:
"I have it on the highest author
ity that a triple alliance between
Great Britain, the United States
and Japan is pending."
MADRID, March 10.— The re
port of a rising at Bolini, near
Manila, Philippine Islands, is
confirmed officially. A portion
of the garrison has been besieged,
but there has been no one killed.
heavy indemnity. This will be demand
ed in language kept well within the
bounds of diplomacy, and the represen
tation will be at the same time made
that the United States now insists that
the condition of affairs in Cuba which
makes such catastrophes possible must
be speedily brought to a close. There
will be a concise review of all that has
occurred in Cuba since the war began,
of our commercial interests with the
island and existing conditions which
show that autonomy is a failure and
there is no end in sight to the intense
suffering of the people.
Then will come the proposition that
Spain shall accept the good offices of
the United States to procure peace and
the independence of Cuba through the
medium of purchase. It will be shown
that the United States has no desire to
annex the island. Its chief concern is
the restoration of peace, and this
through peaceful means if possible.
As a means of settlement it will be
proposed that independence be given
the Cubans on condition that they share
a portion of the war debt — probably2
$200,000.000 — payment of which will be
guaranteed by the United States. No
one, of course, can tell how Spain will
entertain this proposition. The rejec
tion may mean war, but it will be of
Spain'-s own making. Perhaps the next
step will be to recognize the indepen
dence of Cuba. This of itself would not
be a declaration of war on the part of
the United States, but Spain would
doubtless so consider it, and, as an ex
cuse for* relinquishing the island hon
orably, might declare war herself.
This is the general policy of the Presi
dent as far as now outlined. There is
always a likelihood of some. new con
dition arising, so that any general pol
icy must be more or less speculative.
It may be that Spain, acting upon the
demand for indemnity for the Maine,
independently of the proposition for the
purchase of Cuban independence, will
refuse to pay such indemnity. In such
an event the President will put his de
mand in the form of an ultimatum,
giving Spain probably twenty-four
hours to comply.
TWENTY PICKED MEN
SENT TO FORT STEVENS.
Go to Take Charge of the New Artil
lery Recently Installed
There.
VANCOUVER, Wash., March 10.—
A detachment of twenty picked men of
the Third Artillery proceeded to-day i
under command of Third Lieutenant i
Miller, Battery M, to Fort Stevens, to j
take charge of the new artillery recent- j
ly installed there. For the present Fort \
Stevens will be regarded as a sub-post j
to Fort Canby. Captain Frank R. j
Keefer, assistant surgeon; Acting Hos
pital Steward George W. Hicks; two
privates of the hospital corps, Francis ;
N. Berry and Ralph C. Herbert, and I
Recruits Eugene Day and Albert N. j
Boyce, have started for Fort Stevens to
report to the commander there.
The fortifications, while not entirely
complete. are in shape to receive the j
garrison and will be a formidable bar- !
rior s<> the entrance of the Columbia
River.
Lieutenant J. J. Bradley, Fourteenth
Infantry, has relieved Lieutenant Mil
lar, who was on staff duty at Fort
Canby.
ENGLAND'S FLEET FOP
THE UNITED STATES.
Suggestion as to the Placing of Her
Warships at America's
Disposal.
LONDON, March 10.— In the House j
of Commons to-day the Hon. Hubert ]
Valentine Duncomb (Conservative)
asked the Parliamentary Secretary of
the Foreign Office, Mr. Curzon, wheth
er, with the view of recognizing the
Identity of the interests of all English
speaking people her Majesty's Govern
ment would consider the advisability of
placing the service of the British fleet
at the disposal of the Fnited States in
the event of complications between the
United States and any foreign power.
In addition, Mr. Donald Monroe-Fergu
son (Liberal) questioned the Govern
ment as to whether there is any truth
in the reports that, communications on
the Cuban question have been ex
changed between the British Emba6sa
dor at Washington, Sir Julian Paunce
fote, and the Government of the United
States.
SPANISH INVESTIGATION
NOT YET COMPLETED.
Rumor That the Board of Inquiry
Has Already Reported
Is Denied.
HAVANA. March 10.— The rumor that
the Spanish beard of inquiry has made
an official report to the Minister of Ma
rine in Madrid is denied here. A gen
tleman connected with the palace told
me to-day that it is the purpose of the
Spanish board of inquiry to make the
Investigation as thorough as possible
so that when its report is made abso
lute confidence may be placed in its
findings in America as well as in
Spain.
Orders to a Surgeon.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., March 10.— Dr.
George N. Krider, surgeon of the Sec
ond Brigade, Illinois National Guard,
received notification to-day from the
War Department at Washington
through the adjutant-general's office
here to have all the appliances of his
department in readiness.
WORKING TO OBTAIN
BETTER FREIGHT RATES.
I.OS ANGELES, March 10.— The citrus
fruit growers and shippers met to-day at
the Chamber of Commerce, the object be
in£ an effort to procure lower freight
rates on citrus fruits. E. W. Holmes of
Riverside was elected chairman and R. H.
Young of San Diego secretary.
Mr. Young v\uas the first speaker. He
said that the industry of citrus fruit
growing in Southern California was on
the decline. There were 2000 or 3000 car
loads more of fruit in the country than
would be removed unless the railroads
came to the relief of the growers. A. P.
Griffith read a recent market report of
the sale of California oranges, and said
if better prices could not be procured it
would be better to destroy the orchards
N. W. Blanchard of Santa Paula. B. W
Wall of Tueten and A. W. Keene of San
Diego also spoke on the subject.
The llnal result of the discussion was
the appointment of a committee of sev»n
with Mr. Packard of Pomona as chair
man, to bring the matter to the atten
tion of the transportation companies, and
to .isk for such reduction as In their
judgment seemed advisable. The com
mittee is as follows, in addition to the
chairman: A. B. Ruggles, San Bernar
dino; A. P. GriflHh, Azusa; F. C. Klokke,
Orange- N. W. Blanchard. Santa Paula;
li. H. \oung. San Diego, and A. P. John
son, Riverside.
FOUR JAIL-BREAKERS
FOILED AT RIVERSIDE.
March_ 10.— Patrick_Tier
ney, Harry Thornton, Ed~Chase and Al
bert Carson, four inmates of the County
Jail, dug a hole through the rear wall of
the jail to-day and got out under the floor
of the opera-house building, which ad
joins. From there they made their way
into the opera-house through a door in
the stage, but the officers who were
watching the gang took Tierney in
charge, while the other three returned to
the prison the way they had come. The
ofllrers had known for some days that a
break was contemplated, but did not lo
cate the hole in the wall until to-day.
Tiorney the leader of the break, was
awaiting trial for burglary. Thornton is
serving six months for arson. Both are
hard cases and have given the officers
much trouble.
Rev. Dr. Jewell's Promotion.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal.. March 10.— Rev.
F. F. Jewell, D.D., pastor of th<* Method
ist Episcopal church at this place, has
lust received formal notification from the
Pacific Improvement Company of his ap
pointment as superintendent of Pacific
Orove in place of the late Dr. Thomas H.
Sinex. In this capacity Dr. Jewell will
have charge of all business connected
with the various summer conventions
that occur here annually. Ho will enter
upon his new duties March 15.
General Rosecrans Still Alive.
LOS ANGELES, March 11.-1:20 a. m.—
General Rosecrans' condition is un
changed. His physician says he is slowly
TO ADMIT WAR
SUPPLIES FREE
Joint Resolution intro
duced by Senator
Chandler.
Does Away With the Duty on
Munitions Purchased
Abroad.
Its Object to Decrease the Cost of
Preparing the Navy for an
Emergency.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— Senator
Chandler of New Hampshire of the
Senate Naval Affairs Committee to-day
introduced a joint resolution providing
for the temporary admission free of
duty of naval supplies procured abroad.
Following is the text of the resolu
tion:
That such gruns, ammunition and other
naval supplies as may be purchased
abroad by this Government for the na
tional defense prior to January 1, 1899,
shall be admitted at any port of the
United States free of duty.
The resolution was introduced at the
request of the Secretary of the Navy
who, in a letter to Senator Hale, says:
"t/nder the existing law a varying
but considerable ad valorem duty on
articles falling within the category of
naval supplies is imposed. The effect
of the resolution, if adopted, will be to
remit all duties upon guns, ammuni
tion and other naval supplies which it
may be found necessary to purchase
abroad. The temporary remission of
duty on these supplies is deemed im
portant, inasmuch ai without some
special enactment of this nature such
portion of the appropriation made by
Congress for the purpose as may be
expended abroad would be very ma
terially reduced by the deduction there
from of duty amounting In some cases
to nearly one-half of the purchase
price."
Mr. Allison of lowa called Mr. Chand
ler's attention to the fact that resolu
tions and bills of the character of the
one presented ordinarily originated in
the House. Mr. Chandler admitted
that that was true, but said that he
had introduced it with the idea of hav
ing it referred to the Finance Commit
tee. He was willing, he said, to trust
to the wisdom of that committee to
make proper disposition of the resolu
tion. At this suggestion the resolution
was referred to the Committee on Fi
nance. ____
THE PRESIDENT
WILL INTERVENE
FOR THE CUBANS
Continued from First Page.
! worn away. Some very conservative
I advisers, who have been loth to ad
i mit that we should or could consist
ently intervene, are now telling the
President that a long-continued agi
tation and irritation is more perilous
to international peace and more dam
aging to the business interests of the
country than the raising of one plain,
comprehensive issue which must be
met and settled at once, and for good.
As long as the President has pretty
I well made up his mind that interven
tion is inevitable, their idea is that to
waive all consideration of money
damages in the case of the Maine and
simply say to Spain that the war in
Cuba must be brought to a close
would put the United States before
the world in a more unselfish attitude
tnan if we were first to settle up the
Maine incident and then come back
to the plan of humane intervention.
But this is far from saying that
the President has prepared a mes
sage, even in the rough. That he has
made notes of current events and
their bearing, preparatory to any
thing he may wish to write later, is
probably true. That is his habit in
dealing with all public questions. The
probability is that he would go no
further than this until he has seen
Senator Proctor and obtained his im
pressions of the Cuban situation, and
certain specific information which
can be better reported face to face
than by correspondence. The plan
the President will propose to Con
gress when he does recommend
peaceful intervention is evidently not
yet definitely shaped in his own
mind. The idea of offering to guar
antee a one hundred million dollar
purchase fund raised on bonds of the
Cuban Republic is still uppermost,
but indications hardly encourage the
hope that a guarantee bill could be
got through the Senate as now con
stituted.
There is not much danger in the
House. If it bore the label of an ad-
ministration party measure it would
have a good-sized majority behind it.
But in the Senate there are signs that
some of the Populists and Democrats
would object to the purchase of Cuba,
when, in their opinion, her freedom
could be equally well secured by a
threat of war. That element has to
be reckoned with, especially if it was
given a chance to assail the adminis
tration on the score of playing into
the hands of bondholders and money
lenders. If the guarantee plan is dis
carded it will undoubtedly be due to
the fear of a hitch.
HOUSES OF BOMBAY
RIOTERS EXAMINED.
BOMBAY, March 10.— Search parties ex
amined all the houses in the riot districts
to-day. They found twenty-live persons
suffering from the plague.
The authorities believe that the heads
of the Julai committee Instigated the riot
for other than plague reasons. It is un
derstood that a general rising and mur
der of Europeans was originally projected
for to-morrow. The town is now quiet,
but the patrolling continues.
Stricken by Apoplexy.
NEW ORLEANS. March 10.— Professor
A. D. Hurst of the Tulane University was
stricken by apoplexy while leaving the
Louisiana Club to-night and fell down
twenty feet of stairway, fracturing his
skull. Death followed in a few hours.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
PROTECTION FOR
EVERY SEAPORT
Urgent Military Orders
Go Into Effect
To-Day.
Hitherto Unprotected Forts
Will Be Manned and
Armed.
Troops to Be Distributed Along the
Coast From Boston to Gal
veston.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Mili
tary orders that will become operative
to-morrow will cause the manning of
hitherto unprotected forts from Boston
down the Atlantic coast and along the
gulf to Galveston. Baltimore will then
be the only unprotected city in the de
partment of the East, and steps will
be taken at once to garrison North
Point and Hawkins Point on the sea
ward side of the city. These orders call
for the utmost promptness in their ex
ecution, and as all the troops affected
by them have been expecting to be
moved at any moment it is likely that
all of General Miles' plans for defense
will be in operation within forty-eight
hours. War conditions will at least be
suggested in this distribution of troops,
because all assignments are made to
stations where there are neither quar
ters nor barracks, and the details will
go into camp and live just as they
would were they actually participants
in a campaign. Artillery troops and
signal corps are affected by the orders.
Boston's modern fortifications on
Long Island Head, at the entrance of
the harbor, form splendid protection
for the city. By to-morrow night they
will be garrisoned by a battery of the
Second Artillery, which will be moved
up from Fort Adams, Rhode Island.
Sandy Hook's big guns, which are
relied upon to keep an enemy's ship
from approaching New York, are to
have a large complement before Friday
night. Two batteries will be sent there
from Fort Slocurn, from Fort Hamilton
and a third from Fort Wadsworth.
Fort Monroe is one of the strongest
and best equipped stations on the
coast, and is able to part with some of j
its defenders. One battery of the First
Artillery will be sent from there to
Fort Morgan, Alabama, which, in con
junction with Fort Gailes, controls the
entrance to Mobile Bay. Another bat- i
tery of the First Artillery, which is
also at Fort Monroe, will be hurried to
Tybee Island, Georgia, which gives pro
tection to the mouth of the Savannah
River. St. Francis Barracks at St. Au
gustine, Fla., will be abandoned in or
der that men may be had for more
commanding positions.
The garrison headquarters band and
a battery of the First Artillery will be
transferred to-morrow to Sullivans Isl
and in Charleston harbor, South Caro-
Battery I of the Second Artillery,
which is commanded by Captain Cas
eire, will go to Fort Coswell, which is
on the mainland opposite Smiths Isl
and, at the entrance of the bay of
Wilmington, North Carolina.
To strengthen the defenses of the na
tional capital one battery from the
fort's artillery has been ordered to go
from Fort Monroe to the defensive
works at Sheridan's Point, Va. This
fort is opposite Fort Washington, Md.,
and both of them control the Potomac
River several miles below Washington.
From the division of the Fourth Ar
tillery, stationed at Fort McHenry, Bal
timore, one battery will go to Fort Del
aware, Del., and Battery I, Fourth Ar
tillery, will be sent to Fort Mott, N. J.
These two movements of troops are for
the protection of Philadelphia, Trenton,
Camden and other populous cities of
that section. The forts that will safe
guard them are at the entrance of the
; upper Delaware River.
One battery of the First Artillery,
which is at Jackson Barracks, New Or
leans, will be sent to the bank of Mis
sissippi River below New Orleans. An
other battery now at Jackson Barracks
will go to Fort Point, in the harbor of
Galveston, Tex.
General A. W. Greely, commander of
the Signal Corps, will also assume war
like activity to-morrow. In conse
quence of orders from the War Depart
' ment he will begin to make telegraphic
I and telephonic connection between all
j stations to which men are being sent
j and department headquarters in Wash
j ington.
These orders for the rapid movement
I of artillery are the result of General
I Merritt's recent trip through the De
i partment of the East. He returned to
Governors Island as soon as he found
the points where the country was in
j the greatest need of defenders, and ar
[ ranged for a speedy strengthening of
them. He intended then to start on a
second trip within a few days, but the
work of arranging for the transfer of
! artillery was so great that he was
I obliged to postpone his departure. He
! will leave Governors Island on Monday,
I he expects, and will inspect the fortifi
cations along the Atlantic Coast, pay-
I Ing particular attention to Key West.
WAR' SEEMS CERTAIN
IN CENTRAL AMERICA.
If Honduras Helps Nicaragua, Salva
dor Will Support Costa
Rica.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA. March 10.— Advices received
from the Herald's correspondents at vari
ous- points in Central America state that
war clouds are still hovering over those
turbulent countries. The correspondent
in La Libertad, Salvador, says the situ
ation between Costa Rica and Nicaragua
is very serious, and that it is reported
that troops have already gone to the
field. It is thought that Honduras will
aid Nicaragua in a war against Costa
Rica, and it is reported that Honduras
has already sent 5000 armed men to Nic
aragua to combine with the latter coun
try's forces.
Salvador, meanwhile, is exerting all her
efforts to avert war, but the government
is resolved not to take any part where
Nicaragua is concerned. A well-known
diplomat in Salvador says that in case
of the intervention of Honduras. Salva
dor will neutralize her action. The only
interpretation is that should Honduras
h*lp Nicaragua, Salvador will support
Costa Rica In the struggle.
Guatemala's envoy has left Nicaragua
for Costa Rica, carrying important docu
ments which will decide whether the Cen
tral American countries will plunge into
war or not.
It is the general belief that there will
be war in which three or more Central
American countries will be involved.
Orders for Projectile Machines.
CINCINNATI, March 10.— Kastern
projectile companies to-day placed or
ders with the Davis & Egan Co. of this
city to rush work on several large pro
jectile machines. The Cincinnati con
cern is figuring on Government work
for coast arsenals. Orders from Wash
ington have been received for immedi
ate deliveries.
DR. SANARFLLI FETED
BY THE BRAZILIANS.
Discoverer of a Cure for Yellow Fever
Finds Himself in Great
Demand.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, March 10.— Advices
Vceived to-day from the Herald's cor
respondent in Rio Janeiro, Brazil, state
that Dr. Sanarelli, who has recently met
with great success in experimenting with
his yellow feyer cure on patients in Sao
Paulo, delivered a lecture and was given
a reception in Sao Paudo on Tuesday
evening. Senor Campos Salles, Brazil s
President-elect, assisted at the reception
and made a short speech congratulating
Dr. Sanarelli on his success.
The sanitary department of Rio Ja
neiro has Invited Dr. » Sanarelli to visit
that city. On leaving Rio Janeiro Dr.
Sanarelli will go to Madrid to take part
in the International Medical Congress
Vice-President-elect Silva has sailed for
Europe to negotiate a loan for the Bra
zilian Government.
COIN FOR THE OCEANIC
STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
Eighty thousand Dollars Appro
priated for Carrying of
the Mails. .
WASHINGTON. March 10. -The postofflce
appropriation bill, reported to the House
to-day, contains a provision similar to
that contained In last year's bill appro
priating $80,000 to the Oceanic Steamship
Company for carrying the mails.
BLAINE TO MARRY
KUHNE BEVERIDGE
The Announcement of the En
gagement Is Made at
New York.
It Was Not Very Much of a Surprise
to Their " Friends at the
■ - East.
Bpecfal Dispatch to The, Call.
NEW YORK, March 10.— It is unofficial
ly announced that James G. Blame, eon
of the dead statesman, and Miss Kuhne
Beveridge, the sculptor, are to be mar
ried; Miss Beverldge is now in Paris
visiting her mother, and the wedding will
take place, It Is said, When she returns
to this country next month. The news
of the coming wedding is not entirely a
surprise to the friends of either Mr
Blame or Miss Beverldge, as they have
often been seen together of late, and Mr.
Blame's attentions extend over a period
of more than two years.
Both Mr. Blame and Miss Beveridge
have been married and both are sepa
rated by divorce from their former part
ners. For some time Miss Beveridge has
lived and had her studio in a remodeled
stable building on East Seventeenth
street, where a card in her own large
handwriting did duty for a doorplate.
Mr. Blame Is employed as a reporter on
a local morning paper. He married in
September, 18S6, Miss Marie Nevins of
Columbus, Ohio, who was at that time an
actress with Modjeska. The Blame fam
ily objected strenuously to the match and
a" separation was nearly effected, but
young Blame and his wife moved to
Pittsburg, whore h-* worked as a reporter.
Marital troubles beg Sin soon aft«r that,
and on February 20, 1889, Judge Thomas
at Deadwo'd, S. D., granted Mrs. Blame
a decree of divorce and custody of their
child. She had alleged great cruelty on
the part of her husband. Afterward Mrs.
Blame married Dr. W. T. Bull of this
city, who had attended her during a crit
ical illness.
Miss Beveridge was at one time wife of
Charles Coghlan, the actor. They were
divorced on September 27, 1894. Much of
Miss Beveridge's life has been spent in
California.
DESERTED HIS
WIFE AND BABE
Arrest of Pearl R. Brown,
Formerly a Bicycle Mer
chant of Salinas.
He Abducts the Child While the
Mother Is Temporarily Ab
sent From Horn©.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, March 10.— A cruel case of
desertion by a husband and abduction of
a child has come to light by the arrest
last night of Pearl R. Brown, a bicycle
merchant of this city. The charge pre
ferred against the man has been pending
for several months, but has never been
pressed, owing to the delicacy of Mrs.
Brown.
Brown left nis wife five months ago in
destitute circumstances and with an in
fant. He would have been brought back
on a charge of desertion, but he agreed
to deliver his wife all the property he
possessed, provided she would not press
the charge. The matter was therefore
dropped, but not dismissed.
About two months ago Brown returned
to the county anu took up his residence
in Castroville, while his wife and baDy
lived in this city. Yesterday, while Mrs.
Brown was absent from home, her hus
band came to this city, and, going to her
house, abducted the child and took it to
Castroville. On Mrs. trown's return she
found that the child was gone, but sur
mised what had ecome of it. She pre
sented tne new facts in the cane to the
authorities, and the officers went in pur
suit of Brown, and at once found him in
Castroville. .
Brown was arraigned in the Justice
Court to-day, pleaded not guilty, and was
admitted to bail, which was furnished by
J. C. Brown, father of the defendant, and
C. E. Brown, brother of the accused man.
The charge of abduction will in all Proba
bility be placed against Brown in addi
tion to the present charge. La .te tnis
evening Deputy Sheriff Nesbitt left for
Castroville to get possession of the child.
PICKS COLEMAN AS
HARVARD'S CHAMPION.
Oarsman Ten Eyck Believes the Cali
fornian Should Compete
at Henley.
BOSTON, March 10.--Jame* Ten Eyck.
the widely known professional scuuer,
picks L. G. Coleman, formerly of Cali
fornia, as Harvard's Henley champion.
He says: "I cannot help admiring: th«»
latent talent in the young fellow. 1 would
like to see such a promising American
amateur brought out and noticed by thoaa
who have rowing at heart."
Coleman was Dorn in Macon. Qa.. on
December 7. 1877. Later he moved to
California.. His father. Major Coleman.
comes from an aristocratic Southern fam
ily and is quite wealthy. Younr Coleman
entered the scientific school of Harvard
University three years ago. m i" now a
junior and is studying enßlnerrlng. He
has always been prominent In nthletten,
especially in football and btcyollQff. He
has won eleven firßt and two second
prizes In twenty-mile mail rare*. He
stands 5 feet 11 inches, weighs 1W) pounds,
and Is a big-chested, large, muncular fol
low.
To Cure a Cold In On« Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. v All
druggists refund the money If ; I* ; fall* to cure.
25c. The genuine baa L. B. ou each tablet.
ARMS FOR THE
OCEAN LINERS
Owners of Vessels Con
fer With the Naval
Officials.
Mapping Out Plans for the
Manning and Equipping
of Merchantmen.
Work on Warships in the Several
Navy Yards Progressing Fa
vorably.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 10.— The
United States Government has not yet
acquired a single additional ship for
the navy. This is true not because of
a lack of offers of warships, but simply
for the reason that the Navy Depart
ment is proceeding with all the circum
spection consistent with the needs of
the case in looking after the qualities
and prices of the craft. There is a j
strong disposition to refrain from being ;
drawn into bad bargains and to insist
upon getting good vessels at prices not
extortionate.
Secretary Long was in receipt of a
large number of cablegrams to-day, al
most all relating to offers of ships.
Lieutenant Nibleck, the United States
naval attache at Berlin, St. Peters- i
burg and Vienna, is particularly active i
in the quef t of vessels. There was a !
good deal of talk during the day about I
assignment of officers to the command !
of the auxiliary cruisers, the St. Paul
and St. Louis being especially men
tioned, but Secretary Long set these
stories at rest by the statement that he
had not made any such assignments,
and had only proceeded to the point of j
informing himself of the facilities for j
getting the ships officered and manned
quickly.
While looking after new ships the
officials of the Navy Department are '
not neglecting the old vessels, and ar
rangements have been made to make
quick repairs on several ships that in
ordinary course would not be treated
in that fashion, but would receive a j
thorough and time-consuming over- I
hauling. Thus in the case of the Phila- j
delphia, which has had five years 1 hard i
work and has never yet been gone over, i
as is the custom, orders have gone to
Mare Island to put her into shape for
sea within forty days. The Yorktown
ll not to be touched at the present, not ■
only because she is in fair condition, ,
but also because she is not so formid
able a craft as to make it desirable to
divert to her repair attention required
elsewhere.
At Norfolk the Newark is set down
for thirty days' repairs, and as a good
deal of work has already been done on
her she will be almost a new ship when
she comes out of the yard. The big
monitor Puritan has practically com
pleted her repairs.
The monitor Camanche at Mare
Island has been examined and found in
tolerable condition.
At League Island the monitor Mian
tonomoh and the ram Katahdin went
into commission to-day, although they
have not yet had their orders. They ;
probably will remain in the Delaware i
River or drop down into the bay. The
torpedo-boat Dupont sailed to-day from
Mobile to attach herself again to the
flotilla at Key West.
A conference was held at 3 o'clock in
the office of Assistant Secretary Roose
velt to map out plans for arming and
equipping merchant vessels as auxili- ;
ary cruisers. Mr. Roosevelt presided
and others present were Captain
Crowninshield of the Bureau of Navi- j
gation, Captain O'Neil of the Bureau of
Ordnance, Chief Hlchborne of the Bu
reau of Construction, and Commander
Bradford of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks. This meeting had been pre
ceded by a call from President Gris
com of the International Navigation
Company, which owns the St. Louis,
St. Paul, Paris and New York. The
board meeting brought out a general
discussion of the work the various bu
reaus would be called upon to perform ,
in making these and other vessels
ready as auxiliary cruisers. About S)o
per cent of this work would fall to the
lot of the Bureau of Construction,
which would have charge of installing
magazines, gun mounts, light protec
tive armor for the guns and magazines
and the circles on which the guns
swing This work, it is said, could be
accomplished readily within two weeks'
time, as all materials, except the guns,
are in hand. The Bureau of Ordnance
could not supply all the guns required
within that short time, although some
seventy or more are now available. The
supply would be adequate, however, for
the most effective auxiliary cruisers
and the complete armament of the
merchant ships could proceed as rap
idly as possible thereafter.
On the question of manning the aux
iliary fleet, the Navy Department feels
that the most effective step would be
to enlist into the United States naval
service the present merchant crews of
the several ships. These crews are
thoroughly familiar with the vessels
and could handle them with far greater
effect than green crews of blue jackets.
The ships would be officered from the
line of the regular navy. In the case
of enlisting a merchant crew the pay
and allowances would be about equiv
alent to the rates paid ordinary sailors
and the time of enlistment would
doubtless be limited to short periods.
The proposed batteries for the aux
iliary cruisers consist, in the case of
the steamships St. Louis and St. Paul,
of eight 6-inch guns, four 6-pounders
and four machine guns; the Paris and
New York, twelve 6-lnch guns, six 6
pounders and six machine guns. It is
designed to give vessels of the Caracas
and Seneca type a main battery of
eight 4-inch guns and from six to eight
rapid-fire machine guns. Those of the
Vigilancia class are designed to have a
main battery 'of six 5-inch and four
4-inch guns, four 1-pounders and three
machine guns. The batteries of the
auxiliary cruisers on the Pacific Coast,
if those should be called into use, are
substantially similar, 6-inch guns be
ing the largest designed for use in that
service.
The Navy Department finds itself In
comparatively good condition as to the
supply of automobile torpedoes, which
constitute one of the most deadly en
gines of naval destruction. The White
head torpedo is now in general use, al
though a few of the Powell class are
still on hand. Fifty of the Whitehead
torpedoes were procured a short time
ago. and with these there is* total of
about' 350 on hand. This gives not
only n.full outfit for vessels now in
commission, but also the necessary re
serve supply.
SAYS McCOY IS A FAKER.
PITTSBURG. March 10.— M. J. Connel
ly. Peter Maher's manager, says:
"Kid McCoy's claim to the heavyweight
championship is a farce. He told me In
a personal interview that he was afraid
.of Maher. He said: '1 am challenging
champions, but fighting suckers.' Our
$6000 forfeit is still in the hands of Sam
Austin for any man in the world to cover,
and until McCoy fights a top-notcher his
claim is ridiculous. Maher has whipped
both men McCoy is after now.'
HAVANA WILL
BUY A CRUISER
Spanish Residents Plan
to Raise Necessary-
Funds.
Intend to Present a Modern
Warship to the Mother
Country.
Public Subscription Will Be Opened
in Support of the Desired
Project.
Copyrighted. 18S8, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 10.— Loyal Havana
is planning to build or purchase for
Spain a man-of-war of the improved
type. By prearrangement El Diario,
La Union, El Commercio and other
newspapers, in editorials to-day, appeal
to the patriotism of the residents of
Havana to raise the necessary funds
for the purchase of the best war ves
sel in the market, to be presented to the
mother country as a demonstration of
Cuba's loyalty. There is also announced
in these newspapers that a grand en
tertainment will be held in Lacon The
ater, the proceeds to go toward the
fund. Boxes and seats will be sold at
auction, and it is expected that the
prices in the aggregate will reach far
into the thousands. A public subscrip
tion will be promptly opened.
The name of the cruiser is already
chosen. It will be Isla de Cuba.
The papers editorially announce that
Spain must be in a position to- stand
for her honor in case of trouble with
any nation, and that the residents of
Havana will not expend their money in
purchasing ships to challenge any oth
er nation, but for the reason that they
love peace and so must be prepared for
war.
La Lucha's editorial says that the
Lord only knows what the sensational
Journals of the United States will in
vent next to lead their country into war
with Spain. It says Americans are a
great people, and in the last few years
have progressed wonderfully in every
direction. Tt adds that they appear to
have sound judgment, but lack cool
ness, and are hysterical and fond of
dreaming. They are giante, the edito
rial asserts, with the heart and the un
derstanding of children, and it is in
critical moments that their weaknesses
are betrayed. __
OFFICIALS WERE
TOO DILIGENT
Why the Fees of an Antioch
Justice of the Peace Were
, Enormous.
Special Dispatch Jo The Can.
ANTIOCH, March 10.— There has been
considerable talk on the streets about the
large number of men who have been ar
rested for vagrancy and who, as soon as
tuey were put on trial, were dismissed,
as there was clearly no reason to send
them to the County Jail. The bills of va
rious Justices of the Peace have been
enormous and there have been very few,
if any, convictions.
On Monday nig - D. M. Pitts and C E.
Sweeney gathered in ten men and locked
them up as usual on a charge of vagran
cy. Some of the cmzens, hearing of the
haul, determined to visit Justice Gribble's
court, where the men were to be tried,
and investigate, x-ccordlngly, just aner
the prisoners had been brought into court
the citizens filed quietly in. They listened
careiully to each case. As each man was
questioned he pleaded guilty to vagrancy,
and then proceeded to tell a story that
contradicted his plea. Each made
the same plea of guilty, and the
similarity of their pleas made it appear
as though they had been coached before
hand as to what to say. •
After the court had finished with the
prisoners the citizens asked permt sion to
ask some questions and to make gome re
marks. The prisoners were carefully ex
amined, and it was found that some of
them had been up before Judge Gnuble
the day before on the same identical
charge, and that their cases had been
dismissed. It was also found ihat some
of the prisoners had been before Judge
Tyler two days before. None of them had
been in town before Sunday, and in the
three days they had been here most of
them had been arrested twice, and each
time it had cost >.- c county $3.
After the citizens had clearly shown
that the men were not guilty of vag
rancy and should not have been arrested,
they proceeued to question the court and
constable on their mode of issuing war
rants and of making arrests. The Justice
admitted that he thought it was his duty
to issue a warrant to the constable when
ever he made a demand for one. He was
instructed that this was not the case, and
that he should investigate the case by
questioning the constable and find out
whether there was a reasonable amount
of evidence against the man before is
suing the warrant. Some very caustic
and pointed questions were -ut to the
court and its officers by the citizens.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pension at Last Obtained for Mrs.
Bridget Byan.
WASHINGTON, March 10.—Representa
tive Loud has recommended Ellsha Ley
ton for Postmaster at Pescadero, San Ma
teo County. It is expected that the ap
pointment will be made in a few days.
The Postofflce at Verdi. Ventura County,
Cal. , will be discontinued after March 15.
Mail should be sent to Ventura. ': .
Representative Barlow has succeeded
in having placed on the pension roll Mrs.
Bridget Ryan of Los Angeles. The case
has been pending in the Pension Office
since IS9O, and. she will receive about $1000
\\*\ o lt DA V
Representative. Loud to-day presented
several petitions of the Women's Chris
tian Temperance Union of Santa Clara
County, Cal., askine the enactment of
legislation to prohibit the sale of. liquor
in Government buildings and in favor of
restricting the sale of cigarettes and
against licensing ; prize-fighting. -
Pensions have 1 been . granted . " as 01
1 California: - Original— William tA. . Cor
bett Coronado. $8; ; Guadalupe "Berryessa,
Alviso, $6; special, February 26. : Cnarles
S. Woodmanze, Grass Valley, = $10. ,-.' Addi
tional—Michael J. i Byres. Mendocino. $6
to $12. Mexican war widows— Mary E.
Cherry, Squaw Valley $8. ; —;■■ ••- ;
- Oregon: Increase — John W. Hamaker,
Klamath Falls. $6 to $12. Original widows,
etc.— Laura >D. ■ Durkee, Portland, $8;
Priscllla Musser. Salem, $8.
-- Army ' orders: :By : direction of Secretary
of -War Captain William A. Kobbe, Third
Artillery; and First Lieutenant George E.
Sage, « Fifth < Artillery, will report in < per
son to Colonel Marcua ;P. v Miller, .Third
Artillery, president" : of the ' examining
board -appointed to meet at the Presidio,
San Francisco lat such time ,as they may.
be required by i the | board | for examination
as to t their I fitness for promotion, and,
upon , the conclusion" of - their examina
tions, will return to their, proper stations."
By . direction ,of Assistant Secretary, of
War Privates Edward Bussard," Troop 'K.
Fourth Cavalry, and . Guy ~ Coulter, Bat
tery 'A, -Third; Artillery, i at the -- -Presiaio,
San Francisco, be transferred to the hos
pital : corps as . privates. • Upon the receipt
of this order at' the post the commanding
officer will order them to report to the
surgeon for duty at the hospital. ' ;
PROMOTION FOR
GENERAL MILES
The Grade o? Lieutenant-
General May Be
Revived.
By Virtue of His Rank He
Would Receive the Ap
pointment.
Proposed Change Would Malta No
Difference in His Official
Status.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Should
the Senate and House act favorably on
the joint resolution presented to-day
from the Senate Committee on Mili
tary Affairs to revive the grade of
Lieutenant-General of the army, Ma
jor-General Miles will be promoted to
that rank. The grade of Lieutenant-
Oeneral which was revived for General
Schofield a few months before his re
tirement lapsed with that retirement.
The purpose of the resolution is to
permanently establish the grade. It
would be in the power of the President
to promote any one of three major
generals to fill it. but it is well under
stood that Major-General Miles, senior
major-general, now in command of
the army by virtue of that rank, # will
receive the appointment.
His promotion will make no differ
ence in the official status of General
Miles in relation to the army. Under
the President he is now commander-in
chief of the army, and he will continue
to exercise the same duties upon hia
promotion to the higher grade. As
major-general he receives $7500 and al
lowances. As lieutenant-general ha
will receive $11,000 and increased al
lowances.
He will also, be entitled to a largfl
official staff, composed of officers -of
higher grade than the staff of major
general.
In the event of war, whether given
the highest or not, General Miles
will have command of all the land
forces of the United States, including
the regular army and any volunteer
forces or State militia that may b*
called into the service of the United
States. Whether he takes the field in
person or not will depend largely upon
his own wishes or the wishes of the
President. Should the operations of
the army be extended over a wide ter
ritory, the President might deem it
better to have the general in com
mand stationed at Washington, from
which point he could maintain general
supervision over all separated com
mands, but should the operations be
confined to a limited area it is highly
probable that he would take the fieid
in person and conduct the campaign
against the enemy.
CANAL COMMISSION
CONCLUDES ITS WORK.
Completes the Inspectiop. of the
Boute of the Proposed 1
Waterway.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, March 10.— The United States
Nicaraguan Canal Commission concluded
its inspection of the line of the Panama
canal to-day and will sail from Colon to
morrow evening or Saturday. After cas
ing at Port Lima and Greytown to talle
on board some members of the party who
remained there the commission will pro
ceed north. Although the members of the
commission declined to talk of their visit
to the Panama canal they appear to have
a favorable impression of the work done.
YOU : : .•'■:' V--:- : - :
THIS IS ADDRESSED TO
YOU! Have you ever -
heard of the statement made
by one of the most famous
■ men that ever lived which
. ' tells of manhood? It is
this: "A perfect man the
noblest work of God." That-.
. •• is so true that no matter
- whom YOU - may : happen to
- • ' " • be. it is worth remembering
*- ■ ■ for all the years *. that you
have to live. Think it over
for awhile! ■ . >■ ■'
CAN- ..: '•..-,
Can you pick up •.- -old
anywhere? Does it grow on
bulrushes? Your own sense
. tells you No The Klondike
may have all the riches that
' are told of. but it takes pains ;
to get them. It takes severe
toil. Is your health of more ■"
, value to you than all the
riches of Klondike? If you
think ' not, you . will - ; alter
. your opinion when you have
lost it all. Reason to-day
BE
" , - Be fair with yourself. All
the - money on earth ; would
do you no good if you couid
not use it to satisfy your
various ambitions. And what
is ; the highest ambition v;at *
, you have? If it is not to be
a penect man, you are weak
• •*'" somewhere. , Let 1 - us suppose
. that it is. Will ye v take X
the trouble to send to the ¥
Hudson .Medical: Institute
• . and' ask about it? t \
:: A : : ;':'"■■'■'--:■'■; -
'; ; A naif score thousanl people
: have testified to the efficacy
of the treatment that is to
• be had • there for • . YOUR
:. : ' style of case. You can have
a lot of this testimony-
much more than enougu to
. . satisfy any fair minded
. man, if you will but ask for
it. Is that not worth the
trouble that it will take? A
call, or for . that i matter, a
postal card will do.
MAN- — — '
- ILan^ood is like all other
gifts. ,It can :be - dissipated.
■ "When it is you can no longer
claim that you are "One of
. ± tne noblest: works of God "
Is it not w better to have all
>\ people respect you? Is it not
- .... better, to be sound in wind
and limb?- Is it not better
to be a MAN? Ask yourself
. tiiese things and let your
own conscience tell you the
• - trutn. Try this day. • -
If you happen to have catarrh ; if you suf-
fer from indigestion; if you feel a weak
back, or have any form of blood taint you
can apply. to the doctors with the feeling
that they will help you SWIFTLY PER
MANtNTLY and SURELY. '
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
1 BTOWTON. MARKET AND ELLIB STS., ••» C
■" ■ ' • 'Sag Francisco.' v-- * - ' ■ \'- *
RRTTRWFQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DnUOIILO : «*•■ bootblacks, bath-
brewers, bookbinder* cIX-makC*^^"'
r^ BUrHANA^^R-OS*. 110 - •"
Bro.h M«iufacturer«,6o9 Sacramento 6tTHE COURT
HAS MADE UP
ITS MIND NOW
Outside Explosion Caused
the Awful Disaster to
the Maine.
Further Delay Only to Strengthen
the Position Taken Beyond
All Possibility of Assault.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett
NEW YORK. March 10.— The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent says:
The report of the naval court of
■ inquiry on the Maine disaster is
■ expected in Washington by Tues
■ day or Wednesday next. There
- is no longer any doubt that the
- authorities have definite infor
■ mation as to the character of the
■ evidence furnished by the divers
• and that the general conclusion
■ of the court will be that the ex
• plosion was from the outside and
• was not accidental. None of the
► officials will of course say Just
► how this information has been
• obtained, and all refrain from
• making any public expression
■ until the report is at hand.
HAVANA. March 10.— Believing that
its proceedings may be reviewed by an
international court of inquiry and ar
bitration, the present court of inquiry
is proceeding with such care and delib
eration as to give many the false im
pression that it is killing time. This
came to me to-day from a distinguished
officer of the navy, whose sources of
information are scarcely inferior to
those of the court itself. After admit
ting that the pressure of secrecy had
been somewhat relieved and that the
administration will soon be ready to
take the people into its confidence, this
gentleman said:
"Those who believe that the Court
of Inquiry is unnecessarily prolonging
the inquest simply for the purpose of
giving the authorities in Washington
an opportunity to gain time so that
popular indignation over the destruc
tion of the Maine may be allayed, or to
accomplish other results are in error.
"It was not desired that the court
should make its report before last Sat
urday, but President McKlnley has in
formed Captain Sampson that he is
pirrafsi now ') receive it as soon as
Che co\irt is ready to make it.
"It must nut be understood, either,
that the delay is an indication of in
decision. I can assure you that the
court has come to a final decision in
the matter. All further delay is the
result of great caution and a realization
that the investigation is unique in the
naval history of the world, and every
possible precaution against blunder
must be taken. What the result of its
findings will be the court does not pre
tend to know. Its report may be fol
lowed by prompt action one way or
another by the administration' or may
result in "the convening of a court of
•inquiry and arbitration composed of
representatives of all the great na
tions of the world.
"In either event it is the intention of
the court that the evidence which it
has accumulated shall be in shape and
order and so plain that it can be un
derstood by any intelligent mind. This
is the real explanation of the prolonga
tion of the work of the court. This
is why every detail is being gone over
with tiresome care. For this reason
facts and figures concerning the wreck
are being noted and placed in compari
son with the original plans of the
Maine. Measurements are still being
taken and will continue to be taken,
and the results will be preserved until
there remains absolutely nothing more
to be done. Then the findings of the
court will practically be a mathemati
cal conclusion, the logic of which can
not be evaded.
"It is not to be understood that the
Court of Inquiry is preparing its re
port with the idea that it is to be
placed before a higher tribunal, or that
the members consider the convening of
an international court of inquiry and
arbitration as possible. They are sim
ply preparing for all emergencies, and
by so doing demonstrating' that the
trust and confidence placed in them
are merited. Evidence which has been
readily understood by them, acquainted
as they are with the architectural con
struction of the Maine, and having
practically given personal inspection to
every twisted beam in the wreck, may
appear complicated and obscure to
others. Light is being shed upon every
detail and explanatory material is still
being gathered at a time when less
thorough and conscientious men
would already have made their report.
"They will continue" along this line
ns long as there Is a new thing to be
learned. Then, and not till then, will they
leave Havana. The conclusion wilWbe
reached immediately after the last evi
dence? has been taken. Last night the
Court of Inquiry did not know when it
would be ready to stop Investigation.
It may soon come to a conclusion, and
Its work may be continued another
fortnight. But one thing you may as
sure the readers of the Herald: The
Court of Inquiry is not in the busi
ness of killing time."
This interview and the facts therein
stated may be received by the public
with as absolute confidence as though
they bore the stamp of the Court of
Inquiry official sanction. The Herald
has been made the vehicle for the con
vey%nce«of this Information to the
American people and the world at large.
For several reasons the Court of In
quiry has been somewhat sensitive un
der the charge, 1 openly made In some
quarters, and frequently Implied in
others, that Its present operations are
only for time-killing purposes. The
court's members also resent, the dispo
sition on the part of certain 111-ad- j
vised jingoistic war organs jto ! make It
appear that the court's real conclu- |
sions were reached long ago and with
out such careful deliberation as should
characterize a body eharced with • a
task of the most grave magnitude. Ap
preciating that the Herald's course has
been far different, that it has at no
time endeavored to force conclusions on
the public unwarranted by facts and
has not attributed to the court; or to j
witnesses statements warped and dis- ;
torted or wholly Imaginative. It' is nat
ural that through the- Herald persons
very close to the court' itself should I
seek to set at rest innuendos alike in
jurious to the dignity of the court and
harmful of public Interests.
With the cobwebs brushed aside and I
| a clear insight obtained into the court's
I preparations, it is possible to under-
I stand many things hitherto obscure to
i the public.
Some comment was caused when Mr.
; Bissell, official stenographer, was per-
I mitted to return to Washington, Mr.
I Hulse. his colleague having gunr north
some days before him. The simple
, fact is that the actual taking of new
: testimony was practically finished
i some days ac». The work now being
j done is mainly statistical, structural
and confirmatory in character. It con
sists largely in careful measurements
with photographs of the details of the
j wreck, verification by divers of the
1 condition of certain portions of the hull
under water, the position of armor
plates and scores of other details ln
: volvlng expert knowledge.
This is why the court's work of late
has been almost exclusively with such
persons as Naval Constructor Hoover.
Carpenter Helms. Mr. Powelson, Chief
Engineer Howell and most of all with
I the divers. This is why members of
: the court have actually spent hours on
the diver's floats personally directing
i thp submarine work.
This kind of work is necessarily slow.
1 What might be gained In speed would
jbe at the sacrifice of thoroughness. Much
lof it also is disappointing. Mr. Helms.
I know, had repeatedly directed the
divers to descend at a point which
should be directly over some particular
part of the ship from which Special in
; formation was desired. 'The divers
'■ spent perhaps an hour under water
without being able to accomplish the
! desired purpose, but thl6 does not indi
cate that they were working blindly.
It is only further proof of how com
pletely the structure was blown to
fragments.
Whole sections of the ship's Interior,
sections with which Mr. Helms was so
familiar that he could once have laid
j hands on them in the dark, seem to
■ have disappeared out of this chaotic
: mass. From a veritable submarine
; labyrinth must be extracted hard
i mathematical truths, truths that will
i carry conviction, not only in Washing-
I ton and Madrid, but, if necessary, to
j the minds of wholly disinterested ex
! perts, who might ultimately be sum
. moned to act as an international court
jof arbitration. This problem is now
i confronting: the Court of Inquiry. Its
I members are meeting it coolly, intelli
1 gently and discreetly and as expedi
tiously as its magnitude warrants.
Whatever their findings may be, they
are anxious that they shall be such as
! will stand the severest tests to which
they may be subjected, either at home
• or abroad.
WHALEBACK FLEET
FOR WAR VESSELS.
1 Thirty-five Monster Lake Steamships
Which Could Be Added to
the Navy.
NEW YORK, March 10.— Thirty-five
I great naval fighting machines would
| be added to Uncle Sam's outfit in case
jof war with Spain. Cleveland would
contribute these fighting machines.
Men who know say that the Cleveland
i contribution would strengthen the navy
lat least 50 per cent. Government offi
! cials are already considering plans.
Their idea is to turn the whaleback
! fleet of the great lakes into war ves
i sels. It is asserted that this could be
i done at slight cost and that the whale
i backs would be formidable vessels.
j They would be especially valuable for
coast defense purposes. One great fea
ture of the whalebacks as war boats is
that they can be almost entirely sub
merged. When they are thus sub
merged only about one foot of de.-k
shows above the water. Marine men
and Government officials agree that
! with the addition of a couple of turrets
and with a ram forward these boats
would be serviceable in case of war.
1 There are thirty-five of the whaleback
i steamers. They are owned by the
| American Steam Barge Company, with
■ headquarters in Cleveland.
TRIED TO BEACH
THE MONTGOMERY.
Perhaps That Ship Is Not Safer Than
the Maine Was in the Harbor
of Havana.
BOSTON, March 10.— James Healy of
this city is an electrician on board the
cruiser Mo-ntgomery. The following let
ter, dated Key West, was received from
him to-day by Philip Connell:
"We had orders to take a pilot going
into every Spanish port. Now, out of
these four ports that we entered the pi
lot ran us hJgh and dry, and the last time
we never would have got off but for a
Ward Line steamer. At first we
thought it was only an accident, but
events have set us thinking in a differ
ent way now. We know beyond a
doubt that the Maine was blown up
from the outside, and we will have
war."
TRAINING SHIP MOHICAN
SAILS FOR HONOLULU.
Mare Island Workmen Now Engaged
on the Charleston and Phila
delphia.
VALLEJO. March 10.— The training
ship Mohican left the navy-yard for
Honolulu this afternoon. Commencing
to-night the workmen w.ill be employed
i night and day in getting the cruisers
| Charleston and Philadelphia and tho
! gunboat Yorktown ready for sea within
j the next six weeks.
Hurry Orders Given.
BALTIMORE. March 10— The tor
pedo boats being built by the Colum
bia Iron Works are wanted by the
Government at once. Mayor Malster,
who is president of the company, re
ceived a telegram from the Navy De
partment to-day saying that the
Rodgers must be turned over within a
week: that the McKee must be ready
within thirty days and thi~t work on
the sub-marine boat Plunger should
be Dusbed as rapidly *b possible.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
MR. PROCTOR
IS NOT DOING
MUCH TALKING
Received Nothing but Cour
tesy at the Hands of
Spanish Officials.
Admits That the Condition of the
People of Cuba Is as De
plorable as It Can Be.
Copyrighted. IS9*. by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST. Fla., March 10.—Sena
tor Proctor and his companion, M. M.
Parker of Washington, both of whom
returned yesterday from an extended
trip in Cuba, leave Key West, for
Washington to-night. Senator Proctor
said he had a good time and a good
opportunity to see the condition of
affairs in the island. He visited the
provinces of Pinar del Rio, Matanzas
and Santa Clara.
Of the condition of the people Mr.
Proctor said he could add nothing to
what was already known of their suf
fering and starvation. He had been
gratified to find relief supplies being
distributed in a way to do the most
good and at a very small cost. He
spoke in high terms of the energy and
ability of Mr. Elwell. the agent of the
Cuban Relief Commission, and of the
work of Miss Clara Barton. Mr. Proc
tor added that while not himself a
specialist in charitable work, he had
been much interested in the way the
supplies sent from America are being
distributed, and that he had been im
pressed with the efficient manner in
which the work is being conducted.
He said many courtesies had been
shown him by the Spanish officials,
and among them he had not observed
any marked anti-American feeling.
Mr. Parker was more outspoken in
referring to the condition of the starv
ing Cubans. Not half the horrors of
that land, he said, had ever been told.
In JUatanzas he had been officially in
formed that 6700 had died of starva
tion during the last three months. Vis
iting the place where some reconcen
trados were herded ftie saw three die
during the few minutes he was there.
He found the same condition exist
ing in other parts of the island. No
whatever he said were made by
the Spanish Government to feed the
reconcentrados. The Government had
herded them in cities and towns and
left them to subsist on charity or
.starve. Hosj ital wards are over
crowded, he says, 'with these wretched
people, while houses, parks and boule
vards swarm with others in equally
desperate straits. The dead, who are
too numerous to receive prompt and
proper burial, are strewn everywhere.
The whole picture of ghastliness is be
yond the imagination, and renders the
crime of concentration the crowning
shame of the nineteenth century.
Referring to the resignation of Con
sul Barker of Sagua. Mr. Parkor said
he thought it was the outcome of an
apparent lack of appreciation and sup
port of Mr. Barkers representations
and appeals by the authorities at
Washington in behalf of the starving
Cubans. No conception of its enormity
was possible except by being constant
ly besieged by these people, begging
for sustenance for themselves and their
destitute children. His health, too, was
being gradually undermined by'the dis
tress that surrounded him.
Both Senator Proctor and Mr. Par
ker paid the highest tribute to the
patriotism and abnegation of Consul
Barker, who. they declared, was a most
excellent representative of the Ameri
can Government. They said they had
best of reason? to believe his resigna
tion had been withdrawn.
They gave a most graphic and amus
ing description of the skirmish between
a company of Spanish cavalry and a
handful of insurgents which took place
while they were on a train near Matan
zas, and which was undoubtedly pre
pared for their especial benefit. Before
reaching the station they noticed that
the telegraph wires had been cut and
some slight obstructions placed on the
track to impede their progress. On a
hill in the distance they could see the
silhouettes of a dozen Cuban insur
gents outlined against the sky. In the
valley the Spanish cavalry had started
toward them, but they were brought to
a sudden halt by bullets from the
enemy.
The distance was too great to h^ar
the shots, but the smoke from the Cu
bans' rifles gave warning of what wap
taking place. The Spaniards halted
and formed ;. hollow square, while the
officers sought safety behind some con
venient trees. Meanwhile the insur
gents called for a truce and withdrew
into the dense woods, and the Span
iards returned to the station in time to
meet the train and receive the con
gratulations of the commander of the
district. All this byplay struck Sena
tor Proctor as most amusing war tac
tics.
An old Confederate war veteran who
accompanied the party asked the
Spanish officer in command why he had
not given chase to the insurgents, as
there were not more than a dozen of
them. His' reply was characteristic.
He sold there were more than a thou
sand behind the hills. The story is told
that each member of that cavalry troop
has already received a medal in com
memoration of his bravery in the bat
tle.
SUCCESSFUL TEST OF
RAPID-FIRE GUNS.
Remarkable Velocity Attained by
Bullets From the Automatic
Colt.
NEW YORK, March 10. — Several
hundred extra mechanics are employed
at the Brooklyn Navy-yard. The dis
patch boat Dolphin has a swarm , of
painters and about a hundred mechan
ics rushing work upon her. It is said
at the yard that the' orders are that
the Dolphin must be ready In two
weeks. Much work is being done on
the cruisers Chicago and . Atlanta.
Work on the torpedo : boat Stiletto will
be completed. by the end of the week,
when she will be ready for sea. - '
■ A test was made to-day of one of a
consignment of rapid fire guns Just re
ceived from the Colt factory at Hart
ford. It is known as the six-millimeter
rapid fire automatic Colt and is capa
ble of firing 200 shots a minute with a
range of 2000 yards; The test: proved
that the bullet i would ' pass through a
steel plate %; of an inch thick, two
sides of & cell of -pipe, twenty inrb.n« o*
wood backing and another steel plate
% of an Inch in thickness. These guns,
of which three have arrived, will be
used along the rails of vessels against
torpedo boats and also in the fighting
tops.
A large Quantity of ammunition for
use in the rapid fire guns arrived at
the yard to-day. Supplies and ammu
nition detained for Key West and
league Island navy-yard are being
placed on barges. A barge laden with
5-inch ritV-s. shells and powder was
towed to the Jersey City docks for
shipment. pxHumably for the cruisers
Minneapolis and Columbia at Philadel
phia.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION
NEARLY COMPLETED.
Few Changes From the Estimates,
and Then Only In the Line
of Increases.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The na
val appropriation bill has been practi
cally completed by the House Commit
tee on Naval Affairs, save as to the
questions of increases in the navy, dry
docks and armor plute. Chairman Bou
telle said to-night he might report the
bill to the House on Saturday, and if
not it will go in early next week.
There have been few changes from
the estimates, and the bill will involve
in the neighborhood of 530,000,000 -aside
from new vessels, drydocks and armor.
The lncreas< s allowed are such as to
meet the gradual development of the
service. The general item for construc
tion and repair, just passed on, aggre
gates $2,500,000, identical with the esti
mate?. Thia includes about $370,000, a
material Increase, for improved ma
chinery at the shops. The amount in
exclusive cf the specific appropriations
to the various construction plants, etc.
There is a horizontal appropriation
proposed of $50,000 to each of the yards,
except the Puget Sound station, in lieu
of the general estimate of $300,000. The
appropriation- for the naval academy
at Annapolis go through practically
untouched.
There was a long discussion in com
mittee to-day over the additional land
wanted for tt*e V it Royal, S. C. sta
tion, hut an a ppr- p rifhion of $20,300 for
the purposes was tinally allowed.
ORDERED TO ENGAGE
TWO THOUSAND SEAMEN.
Mission of a Board Created by Direc-
tion of the Navy De
partment.
NEW YORK. March 10— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In ad
dition to buying shell, ihe Navy De
partment is determined to make a large
increase in the navy and marine corps,
which will be available for service on
board vessels which it is proposed to
purchase and auxiliary cruisers
should they be placed In commission. A
board was appointed to-day, consist
ing of Lieutenant-Commander J. M.
Hfiwley, Chief Engineer Harry Web
ster, Surgeon R. C. Persons and Car
penter, which will leave to-morrow for
New Orleans, Galveston, Mississippi
j River ports, including Memphis, Nash
! ville. St. Louis, Savannah and Mobile,
i Ala.
The board has been directed to en
gage 2000 seamen and machinists, and
not to return to Washington until this
number has been obtained. For ma
chinists, the board desires skilled me
chanics who have been at sea, and for
seamen men who have been on salt
water in large vessels. The depart
ment is considering the advisability of
instructing naval officers on duty
throughout the West to establish ren
dezvous and accept any desirable men
that may offer themselves.
OFFICERS FOR THE NEW
ARTILLERY REGIMENTS.
Colonels Williston and Sinclair Will
Command the Sixth and
Seventh.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The field
officers for the new artillery regiments
will be as follows:
Sixth Regiment— E. B. Williston, colonel
commanding; F. O. Smith, lieutenant
colonel; S. M. Mills, W. P. Vose, E. K.
Russell, majors.
Seventh Regiment — William Sinclair,
colonel commanding; J. (J. Ramsey, lieu
tenant-colonel; J. P. Story, G. G. Green-
OUgb and F. C. Orugau, majors.
The junior officers will be announced
as soon as the examinations for promo
tions now in progress are completed.
Other changes in artillery regiments
that will occur as a result of the legis
lation authorizing the new regiments
are as follows: W. F. Randolph, major
in the Third, to be lieutenant-colonel of
the Third; Charles Morris, captain of
the Fifth, to be lieutenant-colonel in
the Fifth; J. W. McMurray, captain
in the First, to be major in the Fifth;
J. B. Burbank, captain in the Third, to
be major in the Fifth.
WORK ON SEATTLE'S
NEW ARMY POST.
Captain Robinson Ordered to at Once
Commence the Erection
of Buildings.
SEATTLE, March 10.— Work on the
new army post buildings, to be located
on Magnolia Bluff, will be commenced
at once. An ■ order .to this effect was
signed to-day at Washington by Secre
tary of War 1 Alger. Captain W. W. j
Robinson Jr., the assistant quartermas- !
ter in control, of. the work locally, re- '
ceived instructions this evening, and >
will proceed at once to start the prelim- ' ,
mary operations. ', ,
The f signing of this order by Secre- ;
tary Alger means that $70,000 from this
year's appropriation^ is now available.
Of: this sum $50,000 .is set apart for '
building. $8000 for clearing and the bal- i
ance for: heat and water. After July 1
the next year's appropriation will ,be
available.' ;, It' is ; expected , that- the work j
will be baxr W to; cam»hit V— h I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We bring to your notice for Friday and Saturday some of the swelJest
attractions that it's been our good fortune to offer you In many a day, and
the pleasing feature of these attractions is that they represent all new
Spring Fashions — the world's newest, as well as the world'? prettiest, 11*8
a list that should command your attention,
Shirt Carnival !
] We set apart two days each
season for an Unlaundered
Shirt Sale. It is always hailed
with delight by the women folks
in town, because it's a sale made
up exclusively of high-class
Shirts for men. ■ _
| • It's the very best of dependable
j goods; it's regular goods; it's
not goods gotten up for special
sale purposes. . .
It's twice a year that we sacri-
fice profit to make new Shirt
friends for our Shirt Depart-
ment. , -i_v  ,
These Shirts will be divided
i into three lots and the quantity
limited to each customer. ■.
LOT 1 : •
imt^Jr MM
Consists of near-
r^yr^r* ly 1000 dozen of
4(CX\\ the celebrated
' Hb£-<tfrr\ .Langdon Mills
UnS^ ) Muslin— a good,
aly 1000 dozen of
the celebrated
Langdon Mills j
Muslin— a good,
heavy, stout fab-
J*jk A ric — cut full
II Sirft^X length, long a nil
)\ fO^\\ short bosoms ; \
yf■v\ v\ 1600-fine linen j
" bosoms, wrist-
bands and neck; ' re-enforced
front and back, paten continu-
ous facings and gussets ; a shirt
usually sold by us at 50c, and a
rare value at that. -},"-::"
Special price Friday and Sat-
urday, and on these two days
only, . :
29c.
LOT 2
Consists of close on to 1000 doz- j
en Shirts made from the Fruit-
of -the- Loom muslin, 1000- fine ;
linen bosoms, cuffs, neck and
wristbands; patent stays, barred \
buttonholes, double interlocked j
sleeve on shoulder— one: of the \
cleverest shirts made for man to
wear ; re-enforced front and
back; patent gussets ; our usual
75c Shirt. : . >
Special for Friday and Satur-
day at
47g.
LOT 3
Consists of close on to 1000 doz-
.. en of our finest Unlaundered
Shirts, made from the celebrated
New York Mills' Muslin, . a
shirt that for durability, dressi-
ness and correct form cannot be
equaled on the Pacific Coast.
'Tis an ideal shirt. It's being
worn to-day by thousands of our
best dressers; it's our SI In-
laundered Shirt, made with
patent stays, barred buttonholes,
double interlocked sleeve on
shoulder; the bosoms are 2200-
fine linen, cuffs the same, wrist-
bands and neck the same, in
either the short bosom desk-
worker's Shirt or the long, full-
dress bosom. ?i'.' ,;
Special for Friday and Sa'ur-
day, and on these two days
only, at
55c.
. — ; 22 — —
NIGHT ROBES.
x' — v In conjunction
/Q~OY with our Un-
ViVw laundered Shirt
>? N^^. Sale we will
a /flf (X hold a special
*&*^lnn\ir)sale of Night
M J^y Robes, of an ex-
tr quality and
• I cut extra length
\ Some 250 doz-
} en high - class
Sr-rf ' Night Robes,
J& II embroidered
*^ fronts. 50 inches
lon<f made with, continuous
dussets, double-yokz necks
hi<sh-clasr goods. You would
"willing at any tim? to pay
65c for such a Nisht Robe.
These, Friday and Saturday, at
39c.
Lot of the Night Robes con-
sists of those twills and heavy
muslins. They're good, heavy
cloth, and you would be willing
at any time to pay 90c for such
a Night Robe.
These Friday and Saturday at
55c.
]f /'/ C'l<.\ 0 *m^*^r _J&r ■ jSfr ' . -- „ AJT ' jt 0 /IT 4 's.TC 4') $
WMB& I gii - 1 1 - - 15 -:kearny.-.st.s ■:• V: icoossgscco^J
s ® sss®s®e®s®s)s ® s ® e ® s ® 5) xro jarziß* zuildixgs-s floors.
Tft£r,V£w The new Sailor
•^^^n. Straws for little
I jf~\\ folks — einbrac-
J^jL. J \ ing all the new
J color combina-
J tions. On Fri-
<S7XMHy ' day and Satur-
day at
■ ;'-iBc..;v; '■• •'
j
Gtyj i9>^ Weft
'Men's
Hat '". : .
Loveliness, ■ .-; ■
—That characterizes
the new spring block of the
Men's Alpine as you see it
above. Itis a dream of beauty.
Exclusive hat stores won't show
you any better at $2. ■
Ours is a popular Hat Depart-
ment ; it's the people's Hat De-
partment. Pearls with black
bands, blacks, browns, cedar,
briar, the new shade. These
hi gh-class styles in, our Men's
Hat Department Friday and
Saturday at - -
95c.
Boys'
ft ft v 1r £5
. Mtsu Friday and
vL s 5 :- ,• Saturday ■, will
see some lively
/a lnm j]\ selling times in
// vTV-Ia our department
1 4/ ) f fr) devoted to Blg^.
\yZlTr Boys' Suits.
t \ Friday and
Saturday will
see some lively
selling times in
our department
devoted to Big
Boys' Sic Vs.
Some 300 all
i\' new Spring
A. , . " Suits. pretty col-
/| i orings, stylishly
\\ tailored suits
I 1 that will cost
IV . you double the
I V '.'.' money else-
. 7 where. For lads
/ . , ■.',- , between the
ages of 14 and 19. , For Friday
and Saturday only at .
$3.98.
The cutest thing
you can have for . &^^k
your little man 1 * +Jt
is a Sweater. \ : *\Ji k
Those with the J^*k&\.
sailor collar, WMs%s&
same grade that ' ' Bjs: vt\\ '
other stores are - &sMw%smm-
selling at $1.50, »|l||ii^
beautiful color \XKMuMjSf^
combinations, I^^/
and this is the i \ \
last whirl of 'em «\ •
at the price. . •- -
Friday and. Saturday at
78c.
Fashionable Trousers
For Men. p
We will have j^f
a lot of pretty . /"\y^^ \
Trousers on sale /)\ V I
Friday and Sat- (r^(\ L i \
urday for men. \jT?imirJt'\
All wool, the nkj
durable kind., II I IK*
and the fashion- \\\ If f
able and correct Bi I I
colorings for \W I
spring. Our \\M I I
Trousers are jllw f
graceful setting •But
and you will BJ(|
find a very lib- RS? I^^
eral assortment , M
to select from.
You'll find grades a? good as
other stores are selling at $■?.
■ These Friday and Saturday
in our department devoted to
single Trousers at .
$1.78.
School=fioing Boys.
Mothers ' with
dollars to save, OS\ '
here's your, op- Kf?
portunity. Some- xV^is.
400 Suits for /]f'd\
your little boys, - . J > j^ I /\\
those between  ' , I nor ijpj
the ages of 6 \JP|
and ,16 ,;.-. all Vf f'."
choice colorings , \ A !
all new spring W fea
patterns and c i
well-made ' IM. --"■• ■• ' - 1 "*
clothes, like all ] I «^
of Raphael's ' '^
clothes. Slues among 'cm.
Friday and Saturday at
$1,98.
Another batch /if)
of pretty Sail- ._ ' (JijvS\
ors, short Trou- .^ ffifl^O.
ser affairs, and _fej^iff\.
they're a sweet i\/5»
lot, Sailors that f I J^^W
you would at \\ V- M^t' '
any time; be will- Ivj^fe W)u
ing to pay &6. 50
and $7.00 \ for. . . IT,. /M^
They're made . % A/JW^
with an inlaid Jf Hi i
collar of differ- W . W '
ent fabric, with * Ja'
many rows of i~j, »oi
soutache, braid
shield of contrast coloring ; in
fact, they are a swell lot — that
says it all. These will be on
sale Friday and Saturday at
$3.48.
Some 200 little . £S\
Suits as you see •f^lF'w
in picture oppo- 3^L^\
site, with their >/^^
little vests, for v|!^sn
little fellows be- J^TkCA \
tween the ages ■ tqk>L|«'- A I
of 3 and 8. Cute, Y*i%^J^r
cunning and ,\ . IT
sweet spring I\• [V
styles. Some LjSXi
blues among mll
'em. Friday and W M -
Saturday at jj TV
A Men's Suit
Carnival.
A Men's Suit Carnival— a sale
of interest to . our men . folks.
We'll quote a wonderfully low
price for a lot of very pretty and
new Spring Suits, made in the
single-breasted sack style.' Good,
dependable fabrics, but just on,
these two days, Friday and
Saturday, at
$3.98.
34
JAPAN'S
WARNING
TO RUSSIA
Last Protest Against
the Seizure of Port
Arthur.
Will Retain Wei-Hai-
Wei if the Czar Does
Not Desist.
Admiralty Orders Haste in the
Building of New Men
of-War.
WILL NOT SELL CRUISERS.
Those Being Built at American Ship
yards Are Not on the
Market.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 11.— The Morning
says it learns that Japan has warned
Russia that if the latter retains Port
Arthur, Japan will retain "Wei-Hai-Wei
and the islands adjacent. The same
paper says the Japanese admiralty has
ordered the men-of-war bulldingabroad
to be hurried, and it denies the reoprt
that Japan will sell the cruisers now
building at Philadelphia and San Fran
cisco.
The Yokohama correspondent of the
Times says: "Japan is calm, and the
Government does not expect war."
BERLIN, March 10.— News of the
naval credit was received here with
equanimity as justifying the German
naval' bill. The Bourse even rose on
the expectations of the German iron
trade.
The Kiaochau treaty, it is said, con
tains concessions for the construction
of railways and the working of mines
In* the Shantung Peninsula, together
with grants to Germany of a prefer
ence in all public enterprises involving
by co-operation of foreigners in that
province.
SHANGHAI, March 10.— An English
steamer has successfully ascended the
Yung Tse Rapids as far as Chung King,
province of Sze Chwen, at the junction
of the Kia Lin Kiang with the Yang
Tse, thus opening to navigation the
most fertile tract of the Yang Tse Val
ley. The Chinese authorities have an
nounced their intention to remove all
obstacles with dynamite.
ENGLAND'S OUTLAY
IN NAVAL WORKS.
Official Estimates Amount to More
Than Twenty-Five Million
Pounds.
LONDON, March 10.— The First Lord
of the Admiralty, the Hon. George J.
Goschen, In presenting the naval esti
mates to the House of Commons to
day, pointed out that, with the outlay-
In naval works, the .expenditure
amounted to the colossal sum £25.550,
000 ($127,750,000), which, he explained,
was even considered inadequate In
come quarters.
Continuing, Mr. Goschen explained
that the navy was in a transitional
state, to which many of the admitted
deficiencies were due. Moreover, he
added, the Government was introduc
ing a series of improvements. The Ju
bilee display had been great, but the
navy had not reached the ideal stand
ard.
Referring to the channel squa/lron,
Mr. Goschen said it was the most pow
erful ever gathered together, its du
ties being not only to parade the chan
nel, but to engage in offensive opera
tions in time of war. Continuing, he
dilated upon the quiet and unostenta
tious increase of the British fleet in
Chinese waters by four vessels from
other foreign stations, as beine an in
stance of the naval preparedness.
Later, Mr. Goschen said he hoped the
Admiralty would not be too hard press
ed to communicate its plans, but he as
sured the House that in the distribution
of cruisers, for instance, the Admiralty
had considered carefully the protection
of every trade and every food supply
route, and he trusted that, "if times
darkened," the Admiralty would have
the confidence of the House, and the
Admiralty would be found doing its
duty.
Touching upon the increase in the
personnel of the navy, he said there
was no lack of recruits for the service.
In fact, only one in eight buys were
accepted, and the supply of stokers
was also improving. He denied that
the navy was under-manned, declaripg
that every vessel which took part in
the Jubilee review was as fully manned
as it would be in war time. He admit
ted there was a paucity of officers, but
he explained that that would be easily
remedied.
The discussion was then dropped.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
The skin ought to be
clear; there is nothing
strange in a beautiful face.
If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
and clear, unless the
health is bad. A good
skin is better than a
doctor.
The soap to use is
Pears'; no free alkali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
MISS HEFFRON
TO SUE HARRY
CORSON CLARKE
Has Been Discharged by the
Comedian and Says Sh)e
Was Insulted.
PORTLAND, Or., March 10.— Comedian Harry Corson Clarke is in
more trouble. He has discharged Miss Heffron, who played Mar
gery, the interesting daughter of Professor Goodly, in "What Hap
pened to Jones." Miss Heffron intends to bring suit for part of her
salary, which is unpaid, and for personal damages, which she alleges
she sustained in Marysville on account of brutal treatment at the
hands of Clarke.
Miss Heffron is a cousin of B. A. Worthington, private secretary of
H. E. Huntington, the railroad magnate of San Francisco, and a sis
ter of Thomas H. Heffron, private secretary of the Southern Pacific
master mechanic at Sacramento. Her home is In San Francisco. She
received her dismissal last night at the close of the Portland engage
ment, and the company went to Vancouver to-day without her. She
left this evening for San Francisco, where she intends to bring suit.
Speaking to The Call correspondent, Miss Heffron said that ever
since the company closed the first week's engagement at the Colum
bia Theater in San Francisco Mr. Clarke had acted toward every
member as If he had lost his reason. Even his mother, who played
the pact of Professor Goodly's wife, has not been spared insult and hu
miiiatron at his hands.
"Two weeks ago at Marysville," she said, "without tfte least cause
or provocation he called me up in the pfesenec of the company and
began such a torrent of abuse, mingled with the foulest oaths, that I
fainted, and in the fall struck my head, and have not yet fully re
covered from the injuries received. He sent for a physician for me,
but refused to pay the bill. I was dismissed without the least com
plaint ever having been offered of iry work upon the stage. It seems
to have been a case of caprice on the part of Mr. Clarke that would
lead one to believe that his well-known nervousness amounts now al
most to insanity. He has been at all times quarrelsome, showing the
most vicious anger when any member of the company besides himself
received applause, and he has made it as uncomfortable as possible
for every one with him, without exception. His mother has fared
little better than the rest of us. The story told by Miss Effie Warner,
who was discharged, is absolutely true and can be vouched for by every
member of the company. As sx>n as I reach San Francisco, and
have an opportunity to consult with my friends, I will begin a damage
suit against Mr. Clarke."
Miss Warner is engaged to be married to Bert Dasher, manager
for Hoyt's "A Stranger in New York" company, whfch comes to Seat
tle next week on the same date as Mr. Clarke's company. Mr. Dasher
ia highly incensed at the treatment his fiance has received and when
he meets Clarke some one will be able to write a play about "What
Happened to Clarke."
VANCOUVER, March 10.— Mr. Clarke says the lady was discharged
by Mr. Broadhurst, author of the play, shortly after the company was or
ganized, but was taken back out of compassion. He declares that she
breeded' discord among the company, paying she was getting $50 a
week, when, in fact, she received $20; that he tried to expostulate with
her to no avail, and finally, in the presence of the company, he stated
what her salary really was, and then she fainted. He holds and
showed her receipts in full for salary and fare to San Francisco.
NO ACTION ON
THE TREATY
Hawaiian Question Put
Off for Another
Week.
Senate in No Hurry to Take
Up the Already Dead
Issue.
South Dakotan Loses a Postoffice
Because He Attacked Mr.
Pettigrew.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The Sen
ate to-day in executive session reject
ed the nomination of Henry S. Williams
to be postmaster at Aberdeen, S. D.
Williams was opposed by friends of
Senator Pettigrew, on the ground that
j he made a personal attack in a paper
i of which he was owner on the Senator,
i and refused to explain or retract. Sen
| ator Kyle supported the nomination,
saying Mr. Williams' partner was re
sponsible for the attack. Senator Gear
also made a brief speech in his support.
i Speeches on the other side were made
by Senators Pettigrew, Chandler and
others. The vote in opposition to con-
I flrmation was almost unanimous.
Senator Cannon read the newspaper
attack upon Senator Pettigrew, and the
latter stated that he would not ask the
Senate to reject the nomination if he
did not feel that if the attack was
made on any ether Senator, no matter
what his personal relations to him
were, he would feel impelled to sustain
him. Affidavits were read to the ef
fect that Williams had refused to re
tract the article because, he said, he
wanted the postofflce. After this a
number of speeches were made, all
against confirmation, some of the
speakers being Senators Davis, Teller,
Allison and Cannon.
At this juncture Senator Davis made
an effort to have the Hawaiian treaty
considered, but Senator Bacon, who
had been expected to speak, asked for
further time. He said that his thoughts
had recently been directed in entirely
different channels, and that he felt that
he was entitled to some days for prep
aration. No other Senator appearing
prepared to go on, Senator Davis con
sented that the matter should be post
poned until next week, which was done.
Other nominations were then taken
up, including some of those of non-resi
dents who were opposed on the ground
that they violated the home rule prin-
ciple.
There was a roll call upon the nomi
nation of Charles Dekays of Texas to
be agent at the Fort Apache agency in
Arizona, which resulted in a vote of 17
for and 23 against. The result of this
vote developed the want of a quorum,
and the roll was called to secure the
necessary number. These appearing, a
viva voce vote was taken, which also
resulted against Dekays.
In the same way J. J. Power of Penn
sylvania was defeated for receiver of
public moneys at Perry, O. T.
Senator Hanna suggested that the
matter should go over until - another
day, and a motion was made to con
sider the votes of rejection, which was
pending when the Senate adjo-urned.
There are several other non-resident
nominations, and it was intimated after
the adjournment that there might be
an effort to have them withdrawn.
Grand Trunk Cuts Bates.
MONTREAL, March 10.— The Grand
Trunk Railway announces another cut in
rates, meeting the cut made by the Ca
nadian Pacific yesterday.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
CHARTER FOR
LOS ANGELES
First Step Taken to Re
form the Government
of the City.
All Parties Are Represented,
but No Action by Any
Distinct Party.
The Citizens Seem to Be Behind the
New Movement as a
Mass.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— The first
j steps toward formulating a new city
j charter were taken this evening by
| representatives of all the political and
! many of the civic bodies. A confer
j ence for the purpose of taking the mat
; ter in hand was called by the Jeffer
i sonian Society. The following bodies
| were represented by delegations:
S Democratic, Republican and Popu
list parties, Silver Republicans, Board
j of Trade, Chamber of Commerce, Mer
! chants' and Manufacturers' Associa-
I tion, Council of Labor, Teachers' Alli
! ance, Jeffersonian Society, League for
Better City Government, the Prohibi
tionists and the Socialists.
Judge C. C. Wright, president of the
Jeffersonian Society, called the meeting
to order. W. C. Patterson and H. W.
i Frank were nominated for chairman,
| Mr. Patterson received 32 votes to Mr.
i Frank's 30 and was, declared elected.
W. C. Petchner was chosen as secre-
tary.
The chair was by motion directed to
appoint a committee of five to prepare
a set of resolutions to present to the
City Council on Monday next, asking
them to call an election to select aboard
of fifteen freeholders to prepare a new
city charter. Messrs. W. J. Hunsacker,
J. F. Humphries, H. W. O'Melveny. C.
C. Wright and F. A. Gibson were
named as such a committee, which
later reported the necessary resolutions
and the same committee was desig
nated to present the document to the
Council with an argument showing the
necessity for a new charter.
The conference instructed each dele
gation to refer to its body the matter
of selecting a freeholder to be pre
sented to the next meeting, which will
be held within the week. There being
thirteen organizations represented two
freeholders will be chosen from the
conference at large. The meeting was
one in which there was an absolute
absence of partisanship.
ALLEGED SLAYER OF
STAMBOULOFF FREED.
Charges Against Tuffeketchieff Dis
missed by the Bulgarian
Prosecutor.
BERLIN, March 10.— A dispatch to the
Lokal Anzeiger from Sofia says that yes
terday before the Court the Bul
garian Public Prosecutor withdrew the
charge against Naum Tuffeketchieff, sen
tenced to three years' imprisonment on
December 30, 1896, for the murder of M.
Stambouloff, who was stabbed and other
wise wounded in the streets of Sofia on
July 15, 1895, and who died from t-e ef
fects of the wounds. The court canceled
the sentence.
Naum Tuffeketchieff was an employe
in the building department of the Annis
try of Public Works in Bulga.,^ and a
brother of Dimltri Tuffeketchieff, who
died in prison, the enemies of Stambou
loff asserted, as a result of tortures in
flicted by the direct orders of M. Stam
bouloff.
Will Be Christened With Water.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 10.— It is
settled that the battle-ship Kentucky
will be christened with a bottle of water
Governor Bradley has requested James
Speed of Louisville to get the water from
the old Lincoln homestead in Larue Coun
ty. Mr. Speed's father and Abraham
Lincoln were close lifetime friends.
SAYS JUSTICE
IS IN LEAGUE
WITH CRIME
Kansas' Governor As
sails the Supreme
Court.
Declares Its Members
Are the Tools of
Corporations.
Have Gone Into Partnership
With Morgan, the Goulds
and Vanderbilt.
A REMARKABLE ADDRESS
Decision in the Maximum Freight
Rate Case Most Bitterly
Denounced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, March 10.— The Populist
administration of the State of Kansas
save out a startling public address to
day, one bristling with severe criti
cism of the recent decision df the
United States Supreme Court in the
Nebraska maximum freight rate caKe.
The address is particularly significant
in that Governor Leedy has already
taken steps preliminary to the calling
of the State Legislature in special ses
sion with the especial purpose of en
acting a maximum freight rate law.
While the address is given out over
the signature of Governor Leedy, it
had first been approved by Chief Jus
tice Doster of the Supreme Court and
other prominent Populists. In giving
the address to the reporters Governor
Leedy said:
"How long do you suppose a man can
write treason like .this without getting
into Jail? You may put my signature
to it and make it a signed statement,
so that if anybody goes to jail it will
be me."
The Governor begins his address
with the statement that for a year the
press dispatches have said that the
opinion in the Nebraska case would be
adverse to the State. Then he says:
"The opinion has been handed down,
and the press dispatches say that it is
a clean victory for the railroad. On the
contrary, it is an unclean victory in
every aspect of the case, showing that,
no matter how carefully the robes of
Justice are folded about the personnel
of the Supreme Court, the robes can no
longer conceal the cloven hoof of offi
cial malfeasance and usurpation. As
this decision was dv? a year ago, and
as there was no known reason for the
delay, and as the dt; ision as rendered
confirms the stau-i. nt* made in the
press dispatches frorib time to time,
strong color te given to the suspicion
that the press dispatches emanated
from some person in touch with the
court and were for the purpose of feel
ing the pulse "f the public and prepar
ing it for the decision, which goes much
further in the direction of usurping
power than any that has yet bet-n
made."
The Governor then declares that the
constitution of Nebraska gives the Leg
islature power to establish maximum
charges for transportation and declares
that the Supreme Court has tried to
abrogate it. He challenges Justice Har
lan's declaration that a corporation is
a person under the fourteenth amend
ment to the Federal constitution and
says:
"I deny it, and so will everybody but
a corporation lawyer or a- subservient
Judicial tool of corporate interests."
Governor Leedy then quotes the four
teenth amendment and says:
"How In the name of God can this
apply to corporations? Corporations
are not born; they are created — made
by law. They cannot be naturalized;
they can take no oath of allegiance.
Only human beings born elsewhere can
do that."
After more in the same strain the
Governor, still referring to the four
teenth amendment, says:
"Who are the persons who shall not,
according t' the provisions, be de
prived of lite, liberty or property, nor
be denied equal legal protection?
Everybody outside the asylum and off
the Federal judicial bench knows them
to be — and to only be — natural persons.
They are those who, besides the capa
city to hold property and enjoy legal
protection, also have life and can enjoy
liberty, and that means human be-
ings."
Continuing, the Governor quotes
"Hare on American Constitutional
Law" and a decision by Justice "Woods
of the United States Circuit Court, aft
erward a Supreme Court Justice, to
prove that the fourteenth amendment
does not refer to corporations, and de
clares that the Woods decision had
been followed in Rhode Island and
other States from 1870 to 1882, "when
Justice Field and another 'Federal Jus
tice of the Peace' named Sawyer decid
ed the other way, and since then,
whenever a corporation starts out to
commit highway robbery, pick a man's
pocket, or loot a public treasury, it dis
guises itself as a 'person' and goes out
on its mission of plunder. Nobody but
a slave or a knave will yield assent to
the hideous distortion of meaning
which Judge Harlan gives to the word
'person,' as used in the fourteenth
amendment, and upon which he bot
toms his infamous decision, and which
shows to what depths of iniquity the
Supreme Court of the United States
has descended."
"I desire," the Governor said, "to
quote some of the decisions of the Su
preme Court of the United States be
fore it went into partnership with Mor
gan, Vanderbilt, Gould & Co., in op
position to the opinion It holds In the
Nebraska case."
Long decisions by Justice John Mar
shall In 1830 are quoted.
In conclusion Governor Leedy states
that his maximum rate bill will be
presented to the Kansas Legislature in
such shape that to decide against it
the court must reverse its decision in
the Nebraska case, and he states that
"if the court still pursues the corrupt
and rotten practice that it has hereto
fore by changing its decisions to suit
the shifting interests of the railroad
corporations" the remedy will be with
the people in their dealings with the
courts or in building railroads of their
own.
Fred Schwabacher Dead.
SEATTLE, March 10.— Fred Schwa
bacher, who came from San Francisco
about four years ago, died this evening
after a short Illness. He was a son of A.
Schwabacher, president of Schwabacher
Bros, of San Francisco. '
Headache Ouicklv Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never falls. 26c.*
PETER SHERIDAN
SEEKS ALIMONY
FROM HIS WIFE
An Aged Resident of Stockton
Who Failed to Beware of
the Widows.
STOCKTON, March 10.— Peter Sheridan began an action to-day in
the Superior Court against Ellen Sheridan, his wife, for separate main
tenance and a monthly allowance of $50. Plaintiff is 75 years of age,
and asserts that he is weak and unable to support himself. He was
married to the defendant in the expiring month of IS9O. On the 6th
inst., as he alleges, his spouse made a cruel and inhuman assault upon
him while he was seated in a chair. She grabbed him by the hair with
force and violence, and struck and beat his face and head, producing
bruises from which he suffered great anguish. She also drove him
out upon the street, and applied threats and epithets to him.
Plaintiff is now living apart from his wife, and contends that this
separate existence is not desertion, but the natural result of the cruel
treatment aforesaid. Defendant is alleged to have separate property
valued at $9000, while the plaintiff has no separate property, and noth
ing except equity rights in a quarter section of land. There is no
community property whatsoever. •
Sheridan alleges that he has been injured by Mrs. Ellen Sheridan;
that he is too feeble to provide for his own support, and has nothing on
which to maintain himself; that Ellen Sheridan has property with
which to support him, and he therefore asks the court to intervene
and make him an allowance of $50 a month out of her property.
Mrs. Sheridan was a widow (Ellen Ryne) when Sheridan married
her. Shortly after they were wed, It is claimed, the wife got the hus
band to deed over to her all his property, consisting of a big ranch near
the "Brick Church," between Lockeford and Lodi. The provision of the
agreement was that she should pay a relative, McClellan, and his wife
and three children $500 each. After that she repudiated theagreement,
and a year ago the old man commenced suit to have the deed set aside,
and that case is yet in court. Ellen Sheridan also commenced action
to clear the property of any claim of the McClellans, so that she might
be able to sell it.
BANDIT CLOUGH
IS A PRISONER
Found on a Cot in the
Fresno County ,
Hospital.
Suffering From a Wound Ac
cidentally Inflicted by
Cliff Regan.
Taken to Merced to Answer to Grand
Larceny and Robbery
Charges.
Special Dispatch to The Call-.
FRESNO, March 10.— J. B. Clough, a
partner of Cliff Ragan, the notorious
outlaw, was arrested at the County
Hospital by Deputy Sheriff L. P. Tim
mins this afternoon at about 1 o'clock.
Clough is wanted in Merced County for
grand larceny and robbery. In com
pany with Cliff Ragan he "committed
several crimes in that county. Deputy
Sheriff Dickinson of Snelling came to
Fresno to identify Clough and returned
to Merced with the prisoner this after
noon.
Last fall Clough and Ragan stole a
horse and Winchester rifle from a man
at Snelling. They also attempted to
rob three Chinamen. Clough was ad
mitted to the Fresno County Hospital
in December. He had a severe wound
in the thigh, and claimed that his pistol
had been accidentally discharged.
Deputy Sheriff Dickinson says that
Clough was wounded by the accidental
discharge of Cliff Ragan's pistol while
the two were attempting to rob the
three Chinamen last December. The
Chinamen resisted the outlaws, and
Ragan's weapon was discharged dur
ing the scuffle. The wounded man was
followed for several days by the offi
cers, but evaded them and came down
into Fresno County.
Ragan and Clough are accused of
having held up a stage in Placer Coun
ty last fall and murdered the driver.
A reward of several hundred dollars is
offered for Ragan's arrest, as he was
the principal in the affair.
Cliff Ragan is well known in this
county, as he was sent to prison from
here several years ago for grand lar
ceny. He was in prison for a short
term, and upon obtaining his liberty
returned to this valley. Since then Ra
gan has lived the life of an outlaw.
Since summer he was seen several
times in the foothills of Madera, Marl
posa, Tuolumne and Placer counties.
FIGHTING OVER
A DRAWBRIDGE
Vigorous Protest Entered at a
Meeting of the Sonoma
Supervisors.
Stony Point Capitalist Complains of
the Encroachments of the
Tubbs Heirs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 10.— Harrison
Meacham, the Stony Point capitalist, ap
peared before the Board of Supervisors
here to-day and filed a vehement protest
against the heirs of the late J. C. Tubbs
being allowed to erect a drawbridge over
Midshipman's Slouch across from Tubbs
Island, below Petaluma.
The case involved is a peculiar one.
The law provides that permission must
be given by the Supervisors, in conform
ity with the bi.a.te law, before a bridge or
ot-»er obstruction can be erected on a
navigable stream, but the heirs of the
late Millionaire Tubbs of San Francisco
did not wait for the permission before
going ahea~ with the work, but erected
the bridge first and asked for permission
afterward.
Owing to the prominence of the parties
involved the case has created consider
able interest throughout the county. Jus
tice Henshaw of the Supreme Court is
attorney for the Tubbs estate, one ot the
richest in the county.
Harrison Meacham. who objects to the
bridge being erected, is one of the
wealthiest men in ti.e county, and he
claims that the bridge occupies a site he
intended using for a landing. He claims
that the land on his side from which the
bridge projects w:.s about to be sold to a
rich brick manufacturing company or San
Francisco, and that without the landing
place the ground will be useless for their
purpose.
Legally the bridge does not exist, but
it Is there nevertheless, and promises to
make somebody no end of trouble before
the affair is ended.
BOUNDARY OF
ALASKA FIXED
England and the United
States Settle Their
Dispute.
British Government Concedes
the Claim Made by
America.
Lino of Demarcation Fixed at Three
Marine Leagues From
the Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 11.— A dispatch
to the Press from Ottawa says: Sir
Julian Pauncefote, the British ambas
sador, has informed the Canadian
Ministry officially that he has arranged
a convention with the United States
whereby the Alaska boundary dispute
has been settled.
Under the terms of the convention
the British Government has conceded
the claim of the United States that the
three marine leagues should be meas
ured from the shore of the mainland
and should proceed along the shores of
the inlets, which are thus recognized
as arms of the oceans and not as rivers.
The contention of the British and of
the Canadian governments was that
the three-league limit should begin on
the ocean side of the Island, and that
the delimiting line should be run across
the inlets and not follow the shores.
These inlets are numerous and ex
tend into the mainland a great dis
tance, and the decision, therefore, is of
much Importance to the United States.
The United States has agreed to the
British retaining the boundary on the
limit of the Chilcoot Pass and the
White Pass, because in the Russian-
British agreement of 1825 the line of
demarcation was fixed as one running
along the tops of the mountains.
The decision, while not entirely un
expected by the Cabinet, is regarded
with disfavor. It is understood that
the British Government was irritated
at the forwardness of the Canadian
Ministry, but it was not thought that
the surrender would be so sweeping as
it is.
WHITELAW A TOTAL WRECK.
SEATTLE, March 10.— The steamer
Victorian arrived this afternoon from
Skaguay. Her officers report that the
steamship Whitelaw is a total wreck,
a second blaze burning her to the wa
ter's edge. Captain Patterson thus
speaks of the catastrophe:
"The old San Francisco wrecking
steamer Whitelaw lies on the beach
near Skaguay, burned to the water's j
edge. Decks, upper works and every- |
thing went up in flames. The wreck |
appeared to be complete, and I don't j
believe anything can be done with the
small portion .unburned below water. 1
The fire broke out in the forward hold |
Friday morning last, and after getting [
his passengers ashcre Captain Dollard 1
beached his boat. The big pumps with j
which she is provided began to pour
streams of water into the hold, and at
the time the Humboldt left it looked as
if the fire was under control, and that j
nothing but the cargo would be lost.
"The wind which was blowing in
creased into a gale, and the flames re
fused to down. They gained rapidly, |
and soon reached the engines and I
stopped the pumps. Her officers and
crew were finally compelled to leave j
her, and all got off safely. Consider
able of the personal effects of the sixty
passengers and the crew were saved.
The rest of the cargo went up with the
ship. We passed quite near her charred
hulk on the way out of the harbor, and
very little appeared to be left of it."
FROM MXJNOOK CREEK.
SEATTLE, March 10.— The first news,
somewhat meager but authentic, has been
received from Munook Creek, an American
tributary of the Yukon. " It comes in a
letter dated November 28, written by Gen
eral E. M. Carr to his brother in Daw
son, and by the latter forwarded to Mrs.
Carr In Seattle. The letter was brought
from Munook to Circle City by "Windy
Jim" Dobson. At the time of writing hfs
letter General Carr states that Munook
Hoosler and Hunter creeks were promis
ing well, and that he expected his inter
ests in claims on those streams would net
handsome returns. He adds that Little
Munook Is turning out rich, and that
several very heavy nuggets had been
found there. The health of the several
hundred prospectors in his vicinity is re
ported good. The general further states
that Dobson will attempt to make one
more round trip to Circle City during the
winter and that he will then send out
additional news.
TRAGEDY AT A
SHEEP CAMP
NEAR CHICO
Wm. McGinley Shot
Dead by Wm.
Davidson.
Both Men Had Been
Drinking Freely the
Night Before.
The Murderer When Arrested
by His Two Employers
Pleads Self- Defense.
HAS A BAD REPUTATION.
Knife Found in the Victim's Hand
Believed to Have Been
Placed There.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO, Cal.. March 10.— Shortly be.
fo-re 7 o'clock this morning a messen
ger came hurriedly into town with news
that a tragedy had occurred on the
Bidwell ranch, two miles from this city.
Marshal Mansfield, Constables Woods
and Chubbuck and Deputy Peck, to
gether with several others, hurried to
the scene. Before they had reached the
ranch, however, they met Hale and
Waltz, proprietors of the sheep ranch
and employers of the two principals,
bringing with them William Davidson,
alias Williamson, who had shot and in
stantly killed William McGinley, his
working companion.
Davidson and McGinley had spent the
night in Chico drinking, and had unly
returned in time for breakfast, after
which both men went to their cabin, a
short distance from the main house.
They had barely entered the cabin be
fore three shots were heard. Waltz,
Hale and their foreman hurried to the
cabin, at the door of which they saw
Davidson standing over the body of Mc-
Ginley, -teloading a pistol. Davidson
ordered the men away, saying he
would shoot the first one wha ap
proached. Hale went to the house for
a rifle, but before he returned David
son came out from the cabin and sur
rendered.
On entering the cabin McGinley was
found With two bullet holes through
him, one through his head, the other
through his stomach. In his hand was
clasped a large-sized pocket knife.
Davidson claims that his victim as
saulted him, and he shot in ?elf-defense.
It is believed, however, that the knif^
was placed in the dead man's hand
after he was shot by Davidson.
McGinley was well known in this sec
tion as a peaceable man, whlle^Daridj
son has been regarded as a tough char
acter. It was only a few weeks ago
that Davidson engaged in a saloon row
and bit a piece out of his adversary's
lip. He has always carried a gun. and
when drunk is ready to use it. Feeling
here is very much against him.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
WILL PAY THE TAX.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. March 10.— The
Southern Pacific repeal bill will not be
passed this session. The committee on
rules this afternoon decided it would re
port no more house bills as it could not
now get them through the Senate. Mr.
Stout, author of the bill, was consulted
to-day before this decision was made.
He conferred with the attorneys for the
Southern Pacific Company, and they
agreed to pay the franchise tax assess
ment apainst the road on Saturday. If
this is done it may end the controversy
between the Southern Pacific Company
and the State authorities.
NO BLANKS ON HAND.
SACRAMENTO. March 10.— Controller
Colgan has replied to Fish Commissioner
Vogelsang's demand for fishing license
blanks that he has no blanks on hand;
that the State Printing Office is closed;
that he does not conduct a printing office
and will not write out the blanks; that
the Fish Commission can use none of us
funds for printinsr blanks, and that unless
a legal method can be devised, fishermen
may fohow their avocations without
licenses.
The State receives $4500 annually from
fish licenses.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ?
•CTt*. \j& \\ sX. YliP*ll mother should be
woman herself to help herself. No one elsei
can do it. She can help herself if she will.
If a woman will take proper care of her
womanly self; if she will use the right rem-
edy for weakness and disease of the organs
th»t bear the burdens of maternity, she
will soon be healthy, vigorous and amiable.
She will be able to help baby, instead of
leaving baby to try and help her. *
A wonderful remedy for weakness and
disease of the organs that make wifehood
and motherhood possible is found in Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. It acts di-
rectly on these organs. It makes them
strong and healthy. It has transformed
thousands of suffering, pain-racked women
into healthy, happy wives, and mothers. - It
allays inflammation, soothes pain, and
steadies and invigorates the nerves. It pre-
pares for wifehood and motherhood. It in-
sures inherently healthy children. All
good druggists sell it. There- is nothing
just the same" or "just as good." The
druggist who _ tells you there is, is either
mistaken or dishonest. ' .
• Mrs. Joseph Simmons," of Hazelgreen, Grant
Co., Wis., writes: " Inclosed find $1 cents in
postage stamps, for which please send. me the
r Medical Adviser' in cloth cover. -.1 have used
your Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription, and his
'Golden Medical Discovery' and 'Pellets' and
have received a great deal of benefit from them."
■ When a story writer puts in a doctor he is
always ; said >to » 'Look ; wise." , Over one
million people have looked wise and acted
wisely. > They have bought Dr. Pierces
Common Sense Medical Adviser. V Of these
wise folks, 680,000 of them paid $1.50 a copy
for the book. It was cheap at that. ". It is a
book of 1008 j pages, with -300 illustrations.
Think of that. : A medical book too. Every-
body knows how expensive a ■ medical edu-
cation is. I Now there is a great edition of
this book, that is being given away ' You
pay the cost of mailing, that's all. You send
91 one-cent stamps for, the book in • strong
manilla covers. If .you desire, a fine 'em-
bossed French cloth cover, send a one-cent
stamps. Address, World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, Buffalo, N. Y. -COLLISIONS
AND WRECKS
IN A STORM
Vessels Driven Ashore, a
Schooner Capsized and
One Steamer Foun=
dered.
The Bark Martha Davis and the Coast
Survey Steamer Patterson Badly
Damaged— Fishing Smacks
Wrecked.
The storm on the water front, an ac
count of which was given exclusively
In yesterday's Call, did even more dam
age than was first reported. There was
hardly a section of the front from the
Fulton Iron Works to Hunters Foint
' ::>dock but showed some traces of the
" ury of the storm. Fishing boats were
smashed int.) kindling wood, scow
schooners were dismasted, capsized and
driven ashore; schooners, barkentines
and ships drifted all over the bay; iron
wssels were considerably damaged
--side the wharves; the revenue
cutter Rush and the coast survey
" ler Patterson were in collision
with other vessels; wharves were badly
damaged, and all in all there was a
very lively time of it for about five
hours along the front early yesterday
morning.
The storm began coming up about
midnight, but the barometer gave
warning Wednesday afternoon. Some
of the deep water captains prepared
for a blow by getting out extra moor
ing lines and making everything snug,
but others did not heed the warning,
ami in consequence their vessels suf
f< red.
The collision which caused the most
excitement was that of the bark Mar
tha Davis and the coast survey steam
er Patterson. The bark arrived from
Honolulu "Wednesday afternoon, and
anchored off Folsom-street wharf,
about two ships' lengths from the Pat
terson. -About the latter vessel there
were conflicting reports, some of the
tug captains asserting that none of the
officers were on board of her, while
Captain Soule of the Martha Davis says
he asked one of The men on the deck
of the Patterson if he was the captain
of the vessel, and the man answered
"yes." Whichever story is correct
makes very little difference because one
thing is certain, that is that the man
who did all the ordering on the survey
boat was one of the sailors. ;?,■ j^.
Early in the blow the Patterson be
gan to drag her anchor. ' First the
strong ebb tide would drive her in one
Sfrection and then .the wind would take
f.ntrol and drive her back again. Fi
ally she crashed into the bark.and the
yards of; both vessels became locked.
' Then both crafts dragged their anchors
and the trouble began.
The Martha Davis' jibboom went
, first and her bowsprit followed. Then
her lower maintopsail yard. : The Pat
terson lost her jibboom, her foretop
mast and foretopgallant mast. Cap
tain Soule told the' men on the survey
boat to send up some sky rockets, but
they said they had none, so half a
dozen were taken out of the bark's
locker and passed over to them. The
first one fired was seen by Captain
Brokaw of the tug Reliance, and he at
once started for the scene. When the
second one was fired he was well out
of the slip, and . when the fourth one
was sent off he was just getting along
side of the entangled vessels.
' In the meantime Captain Marshall of
the tug Active had seen the signals and
ho also went to the scene. Captain
Brokaw took command of the situation
and the .two tugs were soon fastened
to the disabled vessels. . As the survey
bfat had steam on her boilers she was
told to heave away on her anchor,. but
whoever was in charge said the engine
was disabled and they could not help
themselves. Steam was then got on
the donkey boiler of (he Martha Davis
and her anchor was hove up. It then
took the two tugs over two hours to get
the vessels apart, and that done the
Reliance at once started for the mud
flats, as Captain Soule reported, that
she was -leaking. The Patterson had
cut her alpoost to the water's edge, and
fifteen of. sixteen new planks will have
to be put in before she can go. to sea
ar.iin. .'.'-.
>|\Vhennear the Union Iron Works it
ivas found, that the bark was: making
very little water, so the anchor was
dropped and nothing will be done with
her until a survey, has been held. < U
Down- at the Presidio the breakers
rolled in almost as heavily as they- did
at Ocean Beach. -The schooner. Sacra
mento went ashore, but was not very
much damaged. When the gale subsid-
Ed the tug Sea Queen went to her as
sistance and towed her off. At the
Fulton Iron Works the steamer Dirigo.
which was being made ready for the
Klondike trade, was considerably dam
aged, and she will not get away from
here before the 20th inst. The steamer
Fulton, which is also being fitted out
at the iron works, dragged her anchor
and ranged up alongside of the Dirigo.
The Fulton is the smaller vessel of the
two, and when she rose on the crest of
the first wave that came along she got
under the guard of the Dirigo and car
ried it away for the entire length of the
ship.
i In the cove east of Black Point White-
THE WORST COLLISION OF THE STORM.
The Coast Survey steamer Patterson drifted down on the sugar-laden bark Martha Davis and nearly cut her in two. Signal rockets were
fired and the tugs Reliance and Active were soon on the scene. After two hours' hard work the tugs succeeded in separating the
vessels, but not until the Martha Divis had lost her bowsprit and some of her yards, while the Coast Survey boat lost her fore
topgallant mast and jibboom and some of her railing.
law's wrecking scow Catalina was
driven hard and fast on the beach. She
did not sustain much damage, and will
probably be towed off at high tide to
day. The schooner yacht Josie also
went ashore near to the Catalina, but
was kedged off at high water. The
sloop Carl went on the rocks, and it will
take a great deal of time and patience
to get her back into the water again.
A man known as "Liverpool Teddy"
was sleeping aboard the sloop, and the
first intimation he had of danger was
when the boat began to bump. He im
mediately got into a skiff and pulled
ashore, leaving the sloop to her fate.
The ship Columbia dragged her anchor,
and as the tide fell she settled on the
beach, but was not damaged to any ex
tent, and was towed off at high water.
Off Meiggs wharf the barkentine Ad
denda, which arrived Wednesday after
noon and anchored there, picked up her
mud hook and ran amuck. She first
of all drifted down upon the pilot boat
Lady Mine. The barkentine escaped
with a fe%v scratches, but the pilot boat
lost nearly all of her starboard rail
ing, and in order to escape from her
dangerous neighbor had to slip her ca
ble, losing an anchor and sixty fathoms
of chain.
Next the Addenda drifted down upon
the revenue cutter Rush. The latter's
Jibboom escaped by a miracle and then
the barkentine ranged up alongside and
carried away th revenue cutter's
gangway and damaged one of her
boats. The Rush got under way and
escaped from the barkentine, while the
latter only brought up when less than
fifty yards from the rocks at the end
of the seawall. Yesterday morning the
tug Reliance went to her assistance
and towed her to a safe anchorage.
In order to get away from the Ad
denda Captain Alex Swahson had to
anchor the Lady Mine in a very ex
posed position. After the Addenda was
moved out of the way he got sail on
the pilot boat and after some skillful
maneuvering he got the Lady Mine out
into the open water and then sailed her
back to her old anchorage off Meiggs
wharf.
At section A of the seawall the scow
schooner Dora was tied up. When it
began blowing hard the captain tried
to get her away from the wharf, but
failed. She had all her railing carried
THE SAX FR AX CISCO CALL, FEIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
away, her standing rigging ruined and
her main boom smashed. She was
towed to the Mission flats by the
tug Annie. At the same section of the
seawall the schooner Edward Parke
lost sixty feet of railing and bulwarks
on the port side. She got partly under
the wharf and each swell that came in
did more or less damage to her. She
was leaking badly when the tug Sea
Witch took hold of her and towed her
to Mission Creek.
At section B the schooner Gotama
had her starboard side badly chafed,
her starboard rigging carried away and
one of her boats smashed. She was
towed clear by the tug Ida W.
At section 3 of the seawall the
schooner Amethyst came to grief. She
got in late Wednesday night, and an
chored away up the bay. The men had
had a hard time of it on the trip down
the coast, and as soon as the anchor
was down they at once turned in and
went to sleep. When the wind was at
its height the schooner began to drag,
and drifted rapidly in the direction of
the H. C. Wright. The captain of the
latter and his men were on deck get
ting fenders out to prevent the vessel
from chafing against the seawall, and
when he saw the Amethyst earning he
guessed what was the matter, and sent
a man in the boat to wake up the crew.
The warning was in time to save the
Amethyst from crashing into the
Wright, but not in time to prevent her
from banging up against the seawall,
where she broke her main boom and
had her starboard side badly chewed
up. She was taken in tow by the tug
Active and tied up alongside Fremont
street wharf.
At section 4 of the spawall the schoon
er Helen Gunderson, loaded with brick,
was lying alongside of the bark R. P.
Rithet when the gale came down; the
schooner's lines parted, and she drifted
down on Fishermen's wharf. Her star
board bulwarks and railing were carried
away, and when the storm was at its
height she capsized and went down.
All of yesterday a crowd of curious
people was on Fishermen's wharf gaz
ing at ttte submerged vessel.
Great damage was done to the fishing
fleet. Not a single boat escaped, and
six of them were smashed into kindling
wood. Pome of them were so badly
damaged that they will probably never
go outside the heads again, and nearly
all the others will require more or less
repairing. In every dock from Fisher
men's wharf to Fremont-street wharf
there were more or less fishing craft
which had sought shelter in the south
i crn portions of the water front.
Both Fishermen's wharf and Lom
bard-street wharf suffered from the
; storm, and will require considerable re
pairing.
The British ships Dunnerdale and
; Cambuekenneth, at Union street wharf.
and the American ship Eclipse, at
Green street wharf, suffered considera
bly during the storm. The Dunr.er
dale had two of the plates on her port
side badly dented, her hawse pipe was
pulled out, a hundred and twenty feet
of her railing was carried away and
at one time she lay over on the wharf
to such an extent that the crew thought
she was going to capsize and deserted
her in a body. The rest of the night
the men spent >n the British ship Hut
ton Hall. The Dunnerdale is badly
strained and will have to go on the
dry dock for repairs. She had been
taking on a general cargo for Europe,
but during the storm everything broke
loose and yesterday morning it was
hard to tell one item in the consign
ments from another. Everything was
mixed up, cases were broken open,
grain scattered over the lower hold and
everything will have to be taken out of
her again.
On the south side of the wharf the
Cambuskenneth caught it. The prin
cipal thing her crew had to do was to
keep her from going adrift and crash
ing into the ship Eclipse on the other
side of the dock. ' During the night
three of her cables snapped one after
the other, she pulled two mooring piles
out of the wharf, snapped three moor
ing bits like pipestems and was only
kept in her place by passing the an
chor chains across the wharf. At preen
street wharf the Eclipse had her fore
and main channels and her mooring
bits torn out and was also badly chafed
by contact with the wall.
The British ship Tamax was lying at
anchor off Vallejo street wharf, ready
to go to sea. She dragged her anchor
and drifted down below Jackson street
wharf. She was very cfose in shore
and was making direct for the Govern
ment steamer McDowell. Captain Stof
fin of the steamer saw her coming and
had steam up and everything ready to
get out of her way, when the Tamar'*
anchors held.
The bark Willie R. Hume made the
star drift of the night. She was an
chored off Powell street, but the storm
took command of her and carried her
through all the shipping in the north
ern portion of the bay, passed the ferry
slips, ran her close to the battle-ship
Oregon, and finally landed her in a safe
anchorage under the lee of the Mail
dock. The vessel was not damaged in
the slightest, and the crew slept the
sleep of the just throughout the whole
proceeding. No one was more sur
prised than the mate and his men when
they awoke in the morning and found
where their ship was.
At Vallejo street wharf the brig Lur
line was considerably damaged and her
yards tore away a portion of the shed
before the tug Sea King could get her
away from her dangerous position and
out into the stream.
At Broadway wharf the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's Eureka sank in
her berth. She was put on the retired
list" some time ago, but when the rush
to Klondike began the company
thought of putting her into commission
again. Some planks were taken out of
her sides just above the copper in order
to examine the timbers, and they were
not put back again, as the examination
had not been completed, owing to the
rush to get the Valencia and Cottage
City ready for sea. When the storm
came down and the sea rose every
wave sent more or less water into the
vessel's hold. She sank lower and
lower and finally went down alto
gether. An attempt was made to get
her out of the dock, but it was too late,
and in order to raise her divers will
have to be put to work.
At Washington street wharf the stern
wheel steamer Alviso lost her star
board railing and her smokestack went
by the board. At Howard street wharf
the scow schooner Tartar had her
masts carried away at the deck and
also lost her bowsprit, while the
schooner Fortuna had her bulwarks
and rail carried away, her bowsprit
knocked off and sustained considerable
other damage. The British ship Ec
clefechan tore a dolphin out ofFremont
street wharf, and the schooner Prosper
went ashore near the Union Iron
Works. Neither vessel sustained any
damage.
The Stockton river steamer Mary
Garratt got the full force of the storm
before she reached Mare Island; in
consequence her captain tied her up at
South Vallejo and she did not reach
San Francisco until noon yesterday. A
fleet of the drifting vessels got down
south of the Mail dock and completely
blocked up the slip of the freight
steamer Transit, and in consequence
that vessel did not make any trip yes
terday morning.
Chief Wharfinger Root and Assistant
Wharfinger Scott were on the water
front from 1 a. m. to 4 p. m. yesterday.
They had not a moment's rest during
the entire sixteen hours and it was due
to their energy and levelheadedness
that things were straightened out as
quickly as they were along the front.
Old timers on the beach say that noth
ing to equal yesterday morning's
norther has happened in the harbor
since the big blow of five years ago.
The vessels lying south of Mission
Channel suffered no damage from the
storm. The wind being north that por
tion of the shipping district was pro
tected.
The steamer Zealandia of the Spreck
els line was lying along side of the
sugar refinery wharf, discharging her
cargo of sugar from Honolulu. In her
position she was exposed to the full
force of the storm and she rocked and
rolled against the wharf until First
Officer Deering, who was in charge at
the time, got his crew on deck and kept
the vessel from striking the piles.
It took Stanton and Henry G. Clancy,
the combined weight of both being 500
pounds, on the weather veranda to
keep the building from being blown
away. The effort proved a success and
the city is a gainer thereby.
The Wind Storm in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, March 10.— The heavy
wind storm that stirred things up
around the bay last night did consid-
erable damage in Berkeley. A barn on
University avenue, near San Pablo ave
nue, belonging to George Schmidt, was
leveled to the ground. The upper half
of a big smokestack on Cavan & Day's
planing mill was blown down, and
trees, fences and signs all over the
town suffered.
SEAMEN'S WAGES.
*~ Decision of Wide Importance on
That Subject by the Court of
Appeals.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals for the Ninth Circuit has just ren
dered an opinion that is of great interest
to seamen and owners of vessels. In the case
of William Grossett vs. H. C. Townsend,
the court holds in cases of shipment of
seamen before a United States Shipping
Commissioner allotments of wages in the
coasting trade and in trade between tne
United States and the Dominion of Can
ada, or Newfoundland, or the West Indies
or Mexico, are illegal and should not be
allowed. In rendering the decision the
court said, among other things:
"In declaring that in shipping before a
shipping commissioner for a coastwise
voyage the agreement shall not include
a stipulation for allotment, we think it
was the intention to deprive the parties
in such a case of the power of contract
ing for allotment. When a law declares
that an allotment may be made only by
written agreement, and subsequently it is
enacted that in certain cases the contract
nf shipment shall not contain that stipu
lation, it seems clear that as to those
cases the latter law was intendeu to take
away the power, conferred by the former.
The conclusion at which we arrive is in
harmony with the purpose of the legisla
tion upon this subject. The statutes pro
hibiting allotment are directed against
evils which have often been allude- to
ir. the decisions of Admiralty courts. The
intention has been to protect the sailor
against imposit.on and fraud. It was evi
dently believed by Congress that for a
coastwise voyage of brief duration tnere
was no necessity for an allotment for the
wife, mother or creditor of the sailor.
That was the construction placed upon
the law by the oulcers of the Treasury
Department at the time when it went
into effect."
A circular calling attention of shipping
commissioners ana others to the decision
has lust been issued by Eugene T. Cham
berlain, Commissioner of Navigation.
HE WAS FOND OF JEWELRY.
A Burglar Pays a Friendly Visit to
the Potrero Section and Gets Away
With His Booty.
Householders as well as the police in
the Potrero district are anxious to make
the personal acquaintance of a festive
burglar who pays afternoon visits to
their houses. This man generally calls at
the people's residences while they are
engaged at dinner, and enters through
the windows and proceeds to the bed
rooms and there helps himself to v .iat
ever jewelry he finds in the rooms. His
last visit was to the residence of M.
Cousner on Railroad avenue, between
Tenth and Eleventh avenues, a few aays
ago. Here he was well repaid, as he got
four valuable watches and a lot of choice
trinkets belonring to the members of the
family. The household was at dinnner at
the time of the burglar's visit. He suc
ceeded in gaining an entrance through a
side window, and without disturbing any
of the family visited every room in the
house, touching nothing but such jewelry
as he could find.
. ♦ ■
Crawford and Pope Leo XIII.
"Leo XIII in the Vatican" Is the in
teresting subject which F. Marion Craw
ford has chosen for his lecture in bene
fit of the Y. M. I. Bureau at the Cali
fornia Theater Monday evening. March
2S. This will mark the first appearance of
thr distinguished lecturer before a San
Francisco audience: and as a great part
of his life was spent in the "Eternal
City'" much is expected of him in pre
senting to us a vivid picture of Leo and
the Cathedral of St. Peter.
DAMAGING FIRE
BARELY AVOIDED
The Tug Governor Mark
ham Renders Good
Service.
Oilskins in Her Cargo Stop the
Ship Sin^ram From
Leaving.
Sixty-Eight Sailing Vessels Enter the
Golden Gate in Twenty-
Four Hours.
From some unknown cause the South
End boathouse at the foot of Third
street caught fire yesterday and for
a while it looked as if that region of
the city would suffer from the effects
of a disastrous conflagration, for the
fire was in the midst of many old
wooden structures that would have
burned like tinder. As luck would
have it the Governor Markham lay at
the foot of Market street with steam
up, and a telephone message from the
wharfinger reached her in time for the
tug to arrive at the boathouse and ex
tinguish the blaze even before the Fire
Department had reached the spot. The
roof of the boathouse has been newly
shingled and the fire spread more slow
ly than it would otherwise have done,
else even the tug would not have cov
ered the distance in time to prevent a
damaging blaze.
The ship Sintram did not leave for
Dutch Harbor yesterday as was ex
pected, because her owners had reck
oned without the customs authorities.
The Sintram has been loading barges
and stern- wheel steamers in sections at
Spear street wharf, which were to be
put together at Dutch Harbor for the
Alaska Exploration Company. In the
cargo were a number of oilskins. When
the customs authorities learned of this
they insisted that the vessel should be
unloaded and the oilskins placed where
they could be got at readily in case of
fire, as it is now believed that the
Whitelaw suffered from fire on account
of spontaneous combustion, the blaze
originating among a number of oil
skins. About five hundred tons of the
Sintram's cargo had to be left over on
account of space, and the ship George
Skolfield has been chartered to take the
surplus to Dutch Harbor.
For the twenty-four hours ending at
midnight Wednesday sixty-eight sail
ing vessels entered the Golden Gate,
exclusive of fishing schooners. This
is said to break the record since the
days of '49.
James Ring, a miner from Butte,
Montana, looked too often on the wine
when it was ruby in the cup Wednes
day and fell off Steuart street wharf
into the unsympathetic waters of the
bay. He was picked up by Henry
Peterson, and was taken to the Har
bor Receiving Hospital. During the
night James sobered up sufficiently to
wish himself in a more congenial clime
and departed without saying to those
who had ministered unto him good
by. His room would have suited as
well as his company, were it not for
the fact that he failed to find his own
clothing and appropriated that of an
other. James was promptly arrested
and brought back, to be released yes
terday.
The schooner Winchester arrived
here yesterday, seventeen days from
Sanak, Alaska. On December 16 last
the schooner Mary and Ida was sent
to Sanak with provisions for the Win
chester. The latter reports that when
she sailed the Mary and Ida had not
arrived at Sanak. This news had
caused some excitement, the natural in
ference being that the schooner has
met with some mishap.
The bark Theobald. which was
bought in by Rosenfeld's Sons at an
auction sale for a few Hundred dollars,
has been sold by a Seattle man to the
Northern Transportation Company of
Seattle for $10,000. Rosenfeld's Sons
were in a quandary as to whether to
sell the bark or convert her into a
coal hulk, when the Klondike excite
ment advanced her so In value that
they received $5000 for her from the
Seattle merchant.
The bark Enoch Talbot has been sold
by Joshua Green of Seattle to George
Dickinson for $13,500.
HIS SKULL WAS FRACTURED.
A Flying Wheel in the Union Iron
Works Injured a Patternmaker
Named Fred Gummow.
Fred Gummow. a pattern-maker em
ployed in the Union Iron Works, received
serious injuries yesterday afternoon
while at work at the bench in the yard.
Gummow was In the act of turning a
wheel before a lathe when the frame
gave way and permitted a section of the
wheel to escape, l'his struck Gummow
on the right temple and knocked him
down rendering him unconscious. Dr.
de Witt was summoned and did what he
could for his suffering's. Lieutenant of
Police Bennett placed the Potrero patrol
wagon at the service of the injured man
and had him conveyed to his residence at
315 Walnut street.
From fellow-workmen in the yard It
was said the blame was owing to Gum
mow's own carelessness In not tightening
the clamp sufflriently before placing it in
the lathe.
Dr. Blue's Successor.
Dr. H. S. Matthewson has been ap
pointed successor of Dr. Blue as passed
assistant surgeon. Marine Hospital Ser
vice. Dr. Blue has been appointed Fed
eral Quarantine Officer at Portland. Or.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ _ _'■___*_'_
aBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBS'BBB 8 8 8 88 8 88 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
1 PAIN IN YOUR BACK ! S
I a Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure 88
jll j^^% pains in the back in ten days. If It 88
!~ /»^^v 1 hurts you to straighten up from a 58
is jgp!sjk stooping position the back muscles are gg
•8 M di^P weak. There may be some " kidney ©•
88 R W^') trouble also. Dr. Sanden has perfected %
88 '■^W; : -fl{/ his Belt so as to send a glowing warmth a
S8 I **^ ' nto ie weak nerves and muscles. It 11
88 /^sr^ i^gl\V gives relief in a few hours and a per- *°
,♦ % |\^a\' > * wl. manent cure is certain. •»
5 <^m£ Lame Back |
I f«#» i I Means Weakness! i
*^ 1 itSml ">Ljfß Jt indicates a weakness of other parts 25
88 iJ^M! " "p* " X • which need help. These symptoms are o«
jJB ""^ 'JBwi/ 1/ 4 described in Dr. Sanden's book, which !:
i-. v^v^^ff If \ "'"•■ Is free upon application. The book "
» : . If g ■ wj < tells all about your trouble and gives 88
I•" ■ ■v^^^ s "ll- m -^\ the, names of hundreds cured. ." Get it js:
|8 j 4% I v• . SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 88
!28 II ir'-ti ' 1 C 32 Market street, opposite Palace Hotel. 8. F. o»
M oX'^^So^ll ' /i : 1^ I ■ NOTE— Make no mistake In the , number— « 2 *°
» '^^^^ / //^ W I Market street. 88
»8 VS>s^§v3i ' '#>S l\ n Office ! hours— B a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 __ ' :
i «»"-■"• v§jS§§§?ll AN^L V II to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204 South 88
B NSkSSSS^^ i/nsSJI ll Broadway; . Portland. Or.. 25S , Washington 0*
8 K>^^^^^ /i^s^l I 1I 1 ' street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dal- *°
!«| • ;^^^^^^l '-■• 'I ;^S : "* "■ las. Tex.; 285 Main street. ;. ,• .;. ... 88
,lBBBBS!BSiS*SSiBiSifi»BJaBB 885i«i8i»W8»!«5.Si8«8i!5W88Si88ffl«88Ji
-■■■:••■•-■. ■.-■"..----■-;:.-'■-■■": j ■■-■■-.- ■•■.:-.'■: ■■- ■-.-■■-- "■ ■'-■..■-. ■ - - - *■ "" . - - - \ •■..■■'. ■ ■ "■?"■":
THE MEN WHO
WALK AND FIGHT
General Demand for the
Reorganization of the
Infantry.
Long Range Rapid-Fire Guns
Suggest a Change in Line
of Battle.
Work on the Fortifications — Th«
Norther Blew Down Trees at
the Presidio.
Officers of the army stationed at the
Presidio now express the hope that
Congress will at once take up the sub
ject of infantry reorganization. The
infantry consists of twenty-flve regi
ments, each composed on a war foot
ing of ten companies of 100 men and
each regiment is organized as one bat
talion. On a peace footing two com
panies of each regiment have been
skeletonized, making the regiment con
sist of eight companies of thirty-five
officers and 525 men organized as one
battalion.
There is an earnest demand in the
army for the establishment of the three
battalion plan. This was recommend
ed by Generals Grant and Sherman,
and is now recommended by General
Miles. Under modern conditions con
forming to the use of long range, mag
azine ritles, the battle unit is the com
pany, and the company should consist
of 200 men. Four companies should
compose a battalion and three battal
ions should make the regiment of 2400
men. The leading argument in sup
port of the three battalion plan is the
economy of officers, for it only requires
one regimental staff for every 2400 men
as organized in one regiment, as
against three regimental staffs for thu
same number of men organized as three
regiments.
In a recent speech delivered in the
House of Representatives Mr. McClel
lan of New York remarked that our
present infantry organization had been
taken from that of Wellington in the
Peninsula, and Wellington's was taken
from Oliver Cromwell's new model. Tho
organization was excellent for the sev
enteenth century, but now at the be
ginning of the twentieth century is out
of date.
The President, with $50,000,000 at his
disposal for the national defense, can
not change the system of organization.
Congress alone can provide for the new
organization, and since the modern for
mation has been adopted by the leading
nations of Europe and recommended
by veteran army officers of the United
States it is now urged that Congress
in taking steps for the national de
fense should not neglect this most im
portant duty.
Commendable progress is noted in
the work of fortifying the harbor of
San Francisco. Some inconvenience
is caused by the distance from the Pre
sidio barracks to the line of works near
Fort Point. In daily drilis the troops
must go out to the guns and return to
the barracks twice a day. Money may
be available now to provide artillery
quarters at some point near the forts
commanding the harbor.
The norther which swept across the
bay and peninsula early yesterday
morning caused a little damage at the
Presidio. The trees were prostrated,
but as the forest of the reservation is
already too dense the loss of the trees
is not regretted. In fact there has been
a good deal of talk about asking per
mission from the authorities to thin
out the groves.
Colonel E. B. Williston is packing his
traps preparatory to his departure for
New York. It is his intention now to
leave for the East to-morrow evening.
The squadron of the Fourth United
States Cavalry stationed at the Pre
sidio, under the command of Lieuten
ant Colonel Louis T. Morris, is ready
to "mobilize" at Atlanta or any other
convenient place. As the chances of
war diminish the chances for another
tour of duty in the Sierra increase.
The men and horses are ready, how
ever, for any kind of duty.
General Shafter has issued orders di
recting Major Edward Field, artillery
inspector of the Department of Cali
fornia, and First Lieutenant John D.
Miley, aid, to proceed to Los Banos,
and thence to Fresno, on public busi
ness in connection with the examina
tion of grounds suitable for a target
new Sixth Regiment of artillery.
Pursuant to telegraphic instructions
from the General of the Army, Lieu
tenant-Colonel Edward B. Williston.
Third Artillery, has been relieved from
duty in this department, and directed
to report without delay to the com
manding general. Department of the
East, for assignment to duty at Fort
Slocum, N. Y. Lieutenant-Colonel
Williston will be the colonel of the
new Sixth Regiment of artillery.
First Lieutenant W. W. Galbraith,
Fifth Cavalry, who has been on sick
leave at the Army and Navy General
Hospital at Hot Springs, Ark., is visit
ing San Francisco. Lieutenant Gal
braith is registered at the California.
Second Lieutenant William S. Me
' Nair, Battery G, Third Artillery, Angel
Island, is temporarily stationed at the
I Presidio, on duty in connection with
i mounting guns at Fort Point and Fort
Winfield Scott.
Granted a Divorce.
Mrs. C. D. Ehrenberg was granted a
divorce from Walter Ehrenberg yesterday
on the ground of willful neglect. The
plaintiff was allowed to resume her
maiden name. Jones.
56
Site tsgJgEi^tijfoUi
FRIDAY. ....MARCH 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 1 _ 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh,
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Robin Hood."
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
California— " Town Topics," Sunday night.
Alcazar— "A Gllued Fool-
Morocco's— "Tho Woman in Blact"
Tlvoli— "The Geisha-"
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Ojympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets— Vlollu Recital 10-mor-
row afternoon.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture on Phrenology. Monday night,
lhe Chutes— Chiqulta and Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club. Oakland— Races to-day.
LEASING PUBLIC UTILITIES.
A MORNING contemporary expresses the hope
that if the Freeholders retain in their charter
the provision already adopted relating to the
acquisition of "public utilities" by the people they
will consider the propriety of amending it so that in
case the people rind it unprofitable to manage thei-
"utilities." afterward they may lease them. Concern
ing the abstract sense of this hope it is unnecessary
to speak. Ordinarily a business man who owns
property which he cannot make profitable esteems
the privilege of leasing to some one be'.ter qualified
to handle it than himself as of consMcrabl* value,
and we know of no sound reason why this privilege
would not be valuable if conferred upon the people in
their aggregate capacity.
But the chief objection to making proviron for
leasing the 'public utilities" which are to be acquired
under the proposed charter is that any such arrange
ment will be entirely useless. Is our contemporary
so silly as to believe that the politicians of this city
would ever relinquish the management of a "public
utility"? Did it ever hear of a good thing which
these gentlemen turned over to anybody else?
Doubtless the County Clerk's office, the Street De
partment, or. in fact, any other purely administrative
bureau of the city government, could be managed
for half what it now costs to conduct them were they
leased to an individual or a corporation. What would
the politicians say, however, were our contemporary
to propose in cold blood that these departments
should be leased?
So long as the "public utilities" of this city con
tinue profitable there is little likelihood that the peo
ple will care to purchase them. Elections may be
called for the purpose of acquiring them, but the
propositions submitted will be rejected while divi
dends continue in sight. But if the charter is adopted
the moment the street car lines, the gas and water
plants and the telephone system cease to pay,
a great agitation will be set on foot to sell them to
the people. The people do not always understand,
or try to understand, the schemes of the politicians to
fleece them, and therefore it is not at all improbable
that when this time arrives a "utility" or two will
be packed off upon the municipality.
The fact that it is a poor "utility" indeed which
■will not yield a lot of patronage renders any further
bother about managing it entirely irrelevant. The
leasing of the Philadelphia gas plant, and to which
our contemporary refers, was an unusual occurrence.
Evidently some one stole a march on the politicians
in that case, or perhaps they were asleep. At all
events, the howl of "fraud" which has followed the
action of the Council indicates that an unfair advan
tage was taken of the bosses.
It is always easy to imagine the history of "public
utilities" in the hands of the politicians. The first
thing to be done after one of them is acquired is to
increase salaries all around. Then it is in order to
divide up the work. Two men under the Govern
ment cannot render as much service as one in private
employment. Finally, to get the utility in such a
shape as to constitute it a potent force in elections
is highly desirable. Such a thing as making it pay
never occurs to anybody, for are not the taxpayers
rich and able to have their business conducted as it
should be conducted?
We are of opinion that our contemporary's sugges
tion is out of order. Leasing a public utility in this
citj' would be impossible, and therefore no such pro
vision need be placed in the charter. Our bosses
cannot be fooled as those in Philadelphia have been.
Chicago's • energetic Mayor announces that if the
street railway companies there succeed in electing a
City Council subservient to their interests he will eat
his hat. It is not altogether clear what, beyond the
destruction of the hat, would be accomplished by
this, and yet the spectacle would be worth witnessing
and the occasion ought to be made a gala day. The
prospects that the Mayor will have an opportunity to
adopt the peculiar diet he" suggests are excellent. It
is not known that the Yerkes gang is weaker than it
has been during all the years it has owned the town.
It therefore behooves the Mayor to choose a hat
which will the least interfere with his digestive pro
cesses.
«
San Jose has a practical joker who should be iso
lated as rigorously as a case of smallpox. His latest
burst of humor was to pour gasoline in the shoe of a
friend and set it on fire, the foot being in the shoe
at the same time. It is not too much to say that this
form of merriment is reprehensible. When the friend
has recovered he ought to get a new shoe, a
heavy one, and apply it to the jester.
Captain Eulate has vindicated his right to be called
a gentleman. The neat and effective way in which
he kicked from his ship a Spaniard whom he had
heard insult the United States commends him to fa
vor. Spain with more Eulates and fewer Weylers
would escape the trying experience of being always
in hot water and the danger of being blown even out
of that.
The Redlands Citrograph says a graceful word of
praise for the Mission zoo, thus living up to the
kindly rule of saying naught but good of the dead.
THE FfIKED RfMPOLLA INTERVIEW.
THE public docs not always discriminate be
tween what a daily paper may publish as news
and what it manufactures out of whole cloth.
A morning paper, connected by wire with every con
siderable city on the planet, as it is, is warranted in
publishing what the world has talked about, the
talking about it making it news, in the twenty-four
hours that pass between each issue. All events
talked about by the people of every nation may not
turn out to have been true, but they are al
ways matters of public interest because they
were talked about. The fact that they were
passed from mouth to mouth is true, and
the press has, in a majority of instances, no time nor
opportunity to trace the talk to its source and verify
it. These conditions are always present in a time of
high excitement and potent passion like the blowing
up of the warship Maine. The press gathered from
the talk of men what they were saying about it. The
intensity and interest of what they said was in pro
portion to their nearness to the scene, and the reader
is expected to appreciate this and discount it to the
percentage justified by his own coolness of judg
ment.
But all these conditions disappear as we approach
the newspaper interview. An interview is the result
of deliberation. The paper desires an interview with
an individual upon a subject of passing or of perma
nent interest. It sends its representative to seek the
interview. It is to be published, to influence opinion
and thought in proportion to the importance and po
sition of the person interviewed. The paper's share
in the transaction is what it gains by its enterprise
in inducing the person interviewed to enlarge his
opinions in its columns.
The readers do not always, however, discriminate
between the kinds of responsibility assumed by the
paper in publishing what people are saying publicly
and generally about events and what an individual
says in a deliberately sought interview. This failure
to discriminate has promoted the vice of the faked or
false interview which has become a specialty in
Hearst's two papers, the New York Journal and the
Examiner.
He procured the forging of the letter from Mme.
Dreyfus and of many other faked and forged per
sonal communications. His latest performance was
the faking of an interview with Rampolla, the Papal
Secretary of State at Rome, on Spanish and Ameri
can affairs. This interview was printed with the
usual froth and flourish of yellow journalism and
boasts of enterprise in getting what amounted to an
expression of the Pope's personal views upon an in
ternational question of the highest interest. It was
accepted by the few who believe in Hearst as a stroke
of stupendous enterprise.
But now. ten days later, comes Rampolla, in a let
ter to Prime Minister Sagasta at Madrid, denying
that such interview was ever given or sought, de
nying that Hearst's representative ever entered the
Vatican on such an errand and denouncing the in
terview as a lie from end to end.
To a person of any sensibility, with a fraction of
the qualities that make up a gentleman, such an ex
posure in the arts of a liar and sneak would be a
blow followed by excuse, confession and apology.
Not so with Hearst. He is proud to have been
proved a liar by the Pope. His perverted instincts
accept it as an honor to have been proved a black
guard by the Vatican. It is the only advertisement
he could get from that quarter, and the disgrace of it
is quite lost in perverted pride at his achievement
of any notice.
Nevertheless his offense is most indecent. Leo
XIII holds a position in the world's affairs that is
not all due to his headship of the world's most ven
erable and enduring institution. His Christian cour
tesy and politeness, which have been saluted alike by
Czar and Sultan, are personal qualities among those
that mark him as a man of genius and a primate
among the world's intellectual factors. Surely it is
an insult to all fair-minded men when Hearst invades
the distinguished seclusion of such a Pope to parade
a faked interview with his chief confidential officer
and publish falsely views that were never uttered in
a conference that was never held.
Such a thing is not journalism. It is crime and of
a nature that might lead to the saddest of conse
quences. But in Hearst's view such considerations
do not weigh against the chance to sell a few papers
by lying and to boast of an enterprise that exists only
in faking falsehoods.
After these exhibitions of hardened vice what con
fidence can be put in his dealings with lesser subjects
affecting a smaller circle of interests and individuals
of less note in the world but with the same right to
protection against a lying publication that belongs
to the Pope?
THE OMAHA EXPOSITION.
OMAHA will open on June i an exposition
which will serve the double purpose of show
ing what the Mississippi and Missouri valley
States have accomplished and of stimulating the
Rocky Mountain and Pacific Coast States to make a
similar exposition of their resources and industries.
The prospects are that each of these purposes will be
fully achieved. The valley States will make a splen
did demonstration of the work of their people, and
the Western section of the Union will receive an ob
ject lesson in the value of such enterprises which will
prompt its people to imitate the energy of the
Nebraskans and eclipse their accomplishment.
In one sense the Omaha exposition, like all others
of its class, is designed to afford an opportunity for
an exhibit of the products of all nations, and this
design will of course be carried out to a greater or
less extent, Certainly all the States of the Union
will have considerable exhibitions there, and most
of the nations of Europe will be represented in some
forms of their industry. Nevertheless it will be vir
tually a Mississippi Valley exposition. Nebraska
and the surrounding States will have the attention of
investors and home-seekers while the exposition is
going on. Visitors will see what opportunities are
offered in Omaha and the region round about it for
trp.de and industry, and these opportunities will con
stitute the most important exhibit of the fair.
The States of the West can show many of their
products and specimens of their resources at Omaha,
and from them considerable profit will be derived;
but the only way by which to show the West as a
whole, or even an important section of it, is to hold
an exposition in the West and bring home-seekers
and investors out to see the country itself. What we
could send East, if we exerted all our energies to that
end. would be but a fraction of what we can show to
those who would come to San Francisco. We can
not take the West to the people of the East; we
must bring them to the West.
What Omaha can accomplish San Francisco can
eclipse if she exerts herself. What the States around
Nebraska can do the States allied with California by
geography and history can surpass. The coming ex
position of the Golden West ought to far exceed in
rvery way what will be achieved by the trans-
Mississippi exposition. It will, therefore, be worth
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAKCH XI, 1898.
our while to study the Omaha exposition 'closely so
as to be able to profit by every lesson it teaches.
It promises to be one of the most notable expositions
ever held in a city of the class of Omaha in any por
tion of the world. The model will be an excellent
one and can hardly fail to rouse Western emulation
to active efforts at achieving greater things in the
proposed exhibit of 1900.
f?N EARLY CAMPAIGN.
ALL signs point to the conclusion that the po
litical campaign is to begin much earlier this year
than is customary when there is no Presiden
tial election to engage the attention of the people.
In the Eastern States evidences of activity are notable
among the leaders of all parties, and the activity is
not of a factitious character, for popular interest in
the approaching contest is much greater than is
usual so far in advance of the time for holding con
ventions and nominating candidates.
Among the events likely to hasten the opening of
the campaign is the expected early adjournment of
Congress. The business of both the House and the
Senate is so well advanced that the prospects are this
will be one of the shortest on record of what are
known as the "long sessions" of Congress. As soon
as the Congressmen get Lack to their constituents
and set about repairing their fences the struggle will
commence in earnest.
The people seem to be as eager for the contest as
the most ardent politician. In all sections of the
Union political discussions are beginning to be
heard. Men are announcing their choice of candi
dates for various offices, and not a few aspirants
frankly announce themselves as candidates. All these
things point to the conclusion that the opposing
parties are desirous of hastening the issue as much
as possible, and the leaders will not have much to
do to start the campaign and set it rolling rapidly
almost as early this year as if a Presidential election
were in sight.
In this condition of the popular mind and with
such prospects before them the leaders and organ
izers of the Republican party in California should at
once set about the task of forming clubs and bring
ing the full membership of the party into close rela
tionship with its organization. This Is to be a peo
ple's year in this State. Any attempt to run machine
politics or to carry a slate made up by bosses to suc
cess at the polls will be defeated almost to a cer
tainty. It is therefore a matter of great importance
to get the rank and file of the Republican party or
ganized so that the members can act with effective
ness in determining the course to be pursued in all
nominating conventions. If this is not done the
campaign will be one of hazard, but if carried out
victory will be virtually assured.
This, then, is the situation that confronts Repub
licanism in California. An early organization and a
free and fair field for all candidates with an untram
meled expression of the choice of the rank and file
will mean victory for all that Republicanism stands
for. It will redeem several Congressional districts
in the State now represented by Democrats or
Populists. It will assure California for sound money
and protection. Any delay in organization, any at
tempt at boss dictation or at any sort of a cut and
dried programme arranged by a clique will endanger
everything and may lose the State and even some of
the Congressional districts now in the hands of Re
publicans. The duty of the hour therefore is or
ganization. Let the party leaders see to it.
THE LESSON OF THE CRISIS.
r\ MERICANS of all parties arc Justly gratified
/\ with the swift action of Congress in passing
* * the bill appropriating $50,000,000 to provide
for national defense, and are also well pleased in the
consciousness that President McKinley deserves the
confidence reposed in him and will make prompt and
effective use of the money in preparing the nation to
meet the emergency of war if it should arise.
There is one aspect of the vote, however, which is
by no means pleasing, and that aspect discloses itself
the moment the people begin to consider why the
vote was necessary. It is generally understood that
in case war breaks out a very large portion of the
amount will be expended in purchasing warships. In
fact the reports are that Commander Brownson has
gone to Europe for the express purpose of making ar
rangements for the purchase of ships in case such
action should be necessary, and the estimates are
that upward of $20,000,000 may be expended in that
way.
If we have to make this hasty vote of $50,000,000
and hurry an official abroad to negotiate for war
ships because of a possible war with a nation so weak
as Spain, it is easy to see what would have happened
had we been involved in a war with England over the
Venezuelan question when Cleveland sent forth his
startling ultimatum on the subject. To have pre
pared ourselves in a sudden emergency to withstand
the matchless navy of that ruler of the seas we would
have had to buy half the warships on the globe.
The moral of the situation is plain. The United
States should have a navy sufficient to meet any pos
sible emergency without having to rush in hot haste
to buy ships from foreign countries after the emer
gency arises. It is gratifying that Congress has
shown a willingness to vote $50,000,000 for national
defense, but it would have been more gratifying if
the money had been voted long ago and had been ex
pended in building ships in our own navy yards.
The United States has faithfully cherished the
memory of Washington and the people have made a
household proverb of his words, "To be prepared for
war is the most effectual means to preserve peace,"
but for all the wisdom that Congress has learned
from them they might as well have been forgotten.
We have not prepared for war. We have built some
ships, but not enough to guard our wide, extended
coasts and protect our numerous ports. The result
is that in a moment of crisis we have to vote $50,
000,000 without debate and be proud of it.
The lesson has been impressively given and ought
to be profitably employed. The amount voted for
national defense should be made absolutely devoted
to that purpose whether we have a war with Spain or
not. We should no longer leave ourselves in a con
dition that compels us to buy foreign ships when a
third-rate power that cannot whip Cuba threatens us
with immediate battle.
The engagement of a theatrical manager having
been announced, that gentleman hastens to the front
with a denial. The journalists who have selected a
wife for him and all but married them off may justly
feel aggrieved at this. Still, to have informed him
of the identity of his bride would have been a piece
of thoughtfulness on their part. A man naturally
feels jarred by first learning from the public prints
whom he is to be led with to the altar.
Professor Wickson of the State University should
not have joined the croakers who are \vorried over
the drought. The unexpected still happens. Cali
fornia may be drowned out before the end of the
season.
SPECIAL FEATURES
in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
FEBRUARY S AND S:08 O'CLOCK.
BEFORE HOUSE NO. 8.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
If you want to learn what that
fatal run of eights meant to the
ill-fated President Barrios of
Guatemala.
The intensely interesting events lead
ing up to the assassination and that
tremendously dramatic scene are viv-
fißffHM aBT^ fitete^
idly described in NEXT SUNDAY'S
CALL by a gentleman who was only a
short distance away wnen the daring
assassin fired the fatal shot.
A missionary just returned from the
South Sea Islands claims to have con
verted several hundred cannibals this
last year. The horrible orgies of these
man-eaters and the last great feast on
the Fiji Islands, where a venturesome
missionary and his followers were
trapped and eaten is told
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
By an eye witness. How the. defiant
feasters themselves were trapped and
punished forms part of the same weird
story.
Another fad for the sick is come to
town. It originated in Paris and has
attained such vogue that the ingenious
Parisians have given it a name and
are erecting institutions for its devel-
:a&&
opment and practice. Described sim
ply it is the laying on of animals to
cure diseases. It may sound odd, but
read about it
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
And you'll learn to what remarkable
extent the idea is being conducted in
France. The hospitals haven't an
nexed zoological gardens as yet, but
provision has been made for supplies of
animals to meet the increasing de
mands of patients.
Of late the settlement of several es
tates has brought to light a number of
romantic stories regarding the love ad
ventures of a number of argonauts who
came to this coast in early days and
took Indian brides. "Were they legally
married or not? That Is the simple
THE SONG OF THE DRUM.
Do you hear my summons hammer thro' the
crackle and the clamor, *v_in»
Do vrtu hear my throb and thrill .
When I meet the smell of powder, oh, my
merry note grows louder
And my song shall not be still.
Follow, each beside his fellow, neath the
vapors pray and yellow.
Wildly cheering, sternly dumb.
And rumble, rumble, rumble, when the smoke
wreaths toss and tumble.
You Pha.ll hear the rolling drum. Follow
the drum!
Men forget their fears and follies as they face
the blinding volleys.
And the young recruits they come.
With their simple, sunburnt faces, from the
quiet country places.
To the call of me, the drum.
Come, plowboy lad and carter, and your life
blood freely barter
For the bullet sure for some.
And rattle, rattle, rattle, through the din and
roar of battle. 
You will hear the rolling drum. Follow
the drum!
When the boys that follow fast there, drop
aside and fall at last there.
From the surging lines of red,
Then no more at pomp and ruffle; my notes
awhile I muffle,
And I moan and mourn the dead.
But the losing battle needs me, and the whist
ling bullet speeds me;
Through the reeling ranks I come.
And clatter, clatter, clatter, where the broken
regiments scatter.
You will hear the rolling drum. Follow
the drum 1 —Pall Mall Gazette.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
H. L. Talbot of Boston is at the Palace.
W. J. Pollard of Augusta, Ga., Is at the
Palace.
F. D. Cobb Is at the Baldwin from
Stockton.
j. d. Whalen of Pleasanton is registered
at the Russ.
Joseph Tr..iey, U. S. N.. is a guest at
the California.
E. de Bavler is registered at the Palace
from Shanghai.
Judge John C. Gray of Oroville is stay
ing at the Grand.
Chief of Police J. M. Glass of Los An
geles is at the Palace.
I. R. Fanell of Baker City, Or., is at
the Lick with his wife.
L. A. Spitzer, County Assessor of Santa
Clara, is at the Grand.
J. R. Bane, a Santa Rosa hotel man, is
staying at the California.
E. W. Hale, the Sacramento merchant,
is a guest at the Baldwin.
H. A. Hall and wife are at the Occiden
tal from Washington, D. C.
"W. H. Parsons, a big rancher of Cal
lstoga, is a guest at the Russ.
W. E. Moore of Peru, 111., is at the Cali
fornia with his wife and family.
Charles Truman, a traveler from Lon
don, is one of last night's arrivals at Xf\e
Occidental.
F. H. Caub, Otto Saver and Ph. Zanz
are three Denver merchants who are reg
istered at the Grand.
"It happened in
Boston a few weeks
ago," said Manager
Bradley of the
Mysterious M r .
Bugle Company.
"Holland and I
were riding on a
HOLLAND'S
ECCENTRIC
COSTUME.
♦. A. /^. A\ «£v A. /fls
trolley car down Tremont street, and, as
I expected, Holland soon became the cen
ter of attention. He was clad in a mag
nificent fur coat that he had bought in
Montreal that would be the envy of the
Czar of Russia. But this was not the
only remarkable thing about him. He
was wearing a pair of old carpet slippers.
The contrast between the moth-eaten
slippers and the princely coat was so ri
diculous that it soon set every one gig
gling, and the majority decided Holland
was making a fool of himself to win some
questions the heirs and other interested
parties are trying to determine.
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Contains one or two of just such in
tensely interesting romances. All of
them are vividly up-to-date now, for
love is lost in lucre; and "The old, old
story" forms a background for the bit
ter contests over valuable property.
Is American Domesticity Decreasing?
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
And find out what some of the most
thoughtful women of the city think on
that very vital subject.
Every man, and woman, too, for that
matter, who doesn't know where else
to go to for a fortune is rushing for the
Klondike. Bags and baggage are load
ed on sleds. "Whoola!" is shouted to
the barking dogs, and, clad from head
to toe in heavy furs, the adventurers
are off toward one end of the earth.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Read about another army of adventur
ers bound for the other end of the
earth in a similar mad rush for gold;
-SJp^ x
cwiii
only instead of being incased in furs
they march headlong clad in the light
est of wearing material; instead of urg
ing on barking dogs they prod along
lolling camels, and their destination is
not limitless ice fields, but the limitless
burning desert. And the gold is there
in great glittering yellow gold nuggets,
at this southern sunlit end of the world
the same as it is in the northern starlit
circle.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Also you'll find the very latest great
song hit that has come to San Fran
cisco. It is entitled "I Don't Want to
Talk Any More," and the way Jose
phine Sabel sings this fetching coon air
is enough to make you want to buy
the paper just to see what the melody
looks like when written out in music
and words.
But these are not a tithe of the spe
cial features in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL*
If you want to get 'em all
e&Ha Jf /^\J^ 00 X
■ 1 \V\
bet or other. Joe pretended to notice
nothing, and with that expressionless face
he can assume if he wants to he simply
gazed into space. Holland is a yachting
enthusiast, and he had taken me down to
see a yacht belonging to a friend of his
lying in the harbor. We got Into a leaky
boat and rowed out to the vessel, in doing
which Holland got his beautiful patent
leather shoes soaked v>ltn sea water. Re
turning to shore we went to one of the
clubs and a boy took his shoes to have
them dried. We stayed quite a while
talking and drinking with some friends,
and when Holland asked the boy for his
shoes he shot out of the room as. if struck
by lightning and presently returned with
a woeful expression, holding out some
thing that looked as if they had been
shoes once on a time. The boy had put
them in the oven to dry and forgot them.
It was on Sunday and no shoes to be
found anywhere, so Holland wore the
only available substitute, a pair of old
carpet slippers belonging to the janitor."
Coroner George H. Clark of Sacramento
Is in the city and Is a euest at the Bald
win.
Carl E. Lindsey, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, arrived at the Grand yester
day.
August Gelmer Is at the Palace from
St. Louis, accompanied by his wife and
family.
W. H. Bryant, a mining man of Den
ver, is registered at the California with
his wife.
Dr. J. A. Lobe of Chicago and William
Mullany, the Sacramento politician, are
both at the Grand.
H. M. Yerrington. the Carson City rail
road man and capitalist, is at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday.
Thomas Flint Jr., State Senator from
San Juan, is a guest at the Palace, where
he will remain for the next few days.
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Wensinger have
come down from their country home at
Freestone and are staying at the Occi
dental.
J. V. Rider and wife and Mr. and Mrs.
B. W. Lacy are a party of tourists who
arrived at the Occidental yesterday from
Dubuque, lowa.
Mitchell Harrison and a party of eight
are registered at the Palace from Phila
delphia. They are making a tour of the
coast for pleasure.
Lieutenant N. E. Irwln, V. S. N.. and
wife, and Lieutenant J. Wallace. U. S. N.,
arrived from Washington last night and
went to the Occidental.
E. L. Lewis, a popular railroad man
has been promoted as agent of the Bur
lington route railroad in Southern Cali
fornia. He left Tuesday night for the
south to commence his new duties.
"I went slum- I
ming last night," i
said a gentleman In j
the office of the
California, "and |
was much amused -
by the method they
have of getting rid
THE
MONTGOMERY
STREET
TOBOGGAN.
of customers at a certain cheap pot house
on Montgomery street near tho top of
Telegraph Hill after they have succeeded !
!in getting all their money. The house,
which is known as the 'Stew Pan,' stands !
on the corner of Montgomery and one of i
the cross streets that run well up near
the top of the hill. It is approached by •
a board sidewalk running up the side of j
Montgomery street at a very steep angle. !
The boards on this sidewalk are always
damp and their slipperyness is further in
creased by grass that, springing up be
tween the cracks, covers more than half
the surface of the wood.
"The men and women who frequent the
place are of the lowest order in the city,
and, while many kinds of poor liquors are
sold, the most popular beverage is a de
coction known as 'all sorts' that is com
posed of the refuse of the buckets in the
better class saloons, which is bought up
during the day and retailed at a profit
nt right. "All sorts' is very powerful In
its effects: one drink will cause hilarity,
two will Increase the hilarity, and three
will either produce a lethargy or «md the
victim home to murder his family, accord
ing to his temperament.
"But to come to the manner of Retting
rid of those who have taKen the third de
gree fallen into a comatose state and
been relieved of what little money they
may have had. The bouncer is called and
the slumbering unfortunate is taken to
the door and thrown out on tho Fidewaik,
where he lands, and. striking the slippery
boards, descends with the velocity of a
toooggan to the level street two blocks
below, where he lies until the policeman
on the beat runs across him, and, sending
for the patrol wagon, starts him rapidly
westward on the course of empire."
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
If the average man didn't smoke he
wouldn't be fit for a woman to live with.
The happiest dream a man has is when
he dreams that he only dreamed that he
was married.
The chair that a girl thinks is the pret
tiest in a room is always one that a man
is afraid to sit down on for fear it will
break.
Probably a woman is never quite so
completely happy as when she has got
her ruuber plant in the bathtub and 13
spraying the leaves with an atomizer.
The Lord isn't near so deaf as soma
ministers seem to think.
Lots of men can date their first suc
cess from the time some girl mado tna
mistake of refusing to marry them.
Probably the limit of a g irl s "nhappl.
ness isn't ever reached till she ta-Kea
dinner with a man and gets a dish she
doesn't know how to eat.
Life would be a lot happier If he av
erage woman knew as much
temperature is best for the family as
she does about what is best for ncr
castus.-New York Press.
A good woman's love is like a star The
only reason it doesn't always shine is be
cause it is higher than the clouds.-Jsew
York Press.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
IN EQUITY— E. S., Palermo. Cal. Ac
cording to the common law. as laid down
in "Fearne on Remainders." P ro »P e £"^ a
inheritance is assignable in equity in Eng
land. .
FOREIGN CONSULS— Subscriber. Vi
salia, Cal. The consul for Nicaragua in
San Francisco is E. Calderor ,ll9 Bush
street, and the consul for Costa Rica 13
J. M. Tinoco, 511 California street.
HORTON, THE JOCKEY— X., Presidio,
Cal The complaint charging William
Horton, a iockey. with the larceny of dia
monds from Miss Isabel Caylor was dis
missed in the Police Court in which the
case came up.
BANKS OF ENGLAND-A. S. F. V.,
City This department has not the space
to nrint a list of all the banks of England.
You will find such a list In Whittaker s
Almanack, to be found in the Free Public
Library, reference room.
SAJ* FRANCISCO EARTHQUAKES-
I. City. What is generally known as the
big earthquake of San Francisco occuirrd
at 7:53 a. m. on the morning of the 21si
of October, 1868. The shock lasted 42 sec
i onds. It was followed by a shock at 9:JJ
! a m another at 10:30 a. m. and then by
several slight tremors during the after
noon.
RANK IN THE NAVY— A. L,. 8.. Mar
tinez, and D. B. C. city. The highest
rank in the United States navy at this
time is rear admiral, created by the act
of Congress, July 16, 1562. Then the rank
is in the following order: Commodore,
captain, commander, lieutenant-comman
der, lieutenant, lieutenant junior grado
and ensign. The office of vice-admiral
and then admiral were specially created
for David G. Farragut in recognition of
his services to the country during the Re
bellion. In 1862 he was commissioned rear
admiral and was the first to hold that
rank in the navy. The same rank was
conferred on Goldsburough, Dupont,
Foote and others to the namtet of .eleven,
and on the 12th of August of that year
Farragut as senior rear-admiral hoisted
the square blue Hag at the mainmast
head of the Hartford, then at New Or
leans. Subsequently the law was amend
ed and Farragut as rear-admiral retro
graded his flag to the mizzen. On De
cember 21, 1864, he was advanced to vice
admiral, and he placed his flag at tJio
foremast, and when on the 25th of J| ,
1866, he was created admiral, he asufi.i
raised his flag to the mainmast-head.
"When Farragut was made admiral David
D. Porter was advanced to vice-admiral,
and upon the death of Farragut in 1870
he succeeded Farragut as admiral. These
were the only two men in the navy that
the Government desired to honor, and in
later years there was passed a law which
says that "vacancies occurring in the
grades of admiral and vice-admiral shall
not be filled in promotion nor in any
other manner, and when the offices of
said grade shall become vacant the
grades shall cease to exist." The office
of admiral ceased to exist with the death
of Porter, February 13, IS9I.
A choice present for Eastern friends
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits,soc lb.ln bkts
In San Mateo, store and six living
rooms; large lot; will rent furnished or
unfurnished. Gaman & Lyon, 215 Kearny.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 810 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Among the founders of the Daughters
of the American Revolution is Miss Eu
genia Washington, the great granddaugh
ter of Colonel Samuel Washington, the
brother of George Washington. She Is
also descended from the Count de Fel
chir, a soldier of the Revolution.
" Mrs. Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softsns
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists la every
part or the world. I?e sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. Xc a bottle. .
CORONADO.- Atmosphere la perfectly dry,
soft and mild, beint entirely free from ths .
mists common further north. Round trip *
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, |65; longer
stay, %Z 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery \
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager, Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
Among the men who have been trying:
their luck at roulette in Monte Carlo this
season is Baron Arthur Rothschild, a
member of the famous family of bank
ers of that name. He has a "system"
which, however, is more favorable to the
operators of the wheel than to him
self.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
it is
Baking
Powder
that makes the
Delicious Biscuit,
Griddle Cake
and DoughnutDARKER GROW
THE CLOUDS
OF SCANDAL
Stanton Writes He Is Growing Desperate, He Has Spent
His Last Dollar and Knows Not
What He Can Do.
Kennedy Assaults Kilpatrick During the Session of the Grand Jury and
Blows Seem Imminent Until Friends Interfere.
Ragan's Answer Filed.
March 8, 1898.
Mr. Kilpatrick: I am given to understand, though I can hardly realize it,
that you. having secured my affidavit, have no further use for me.
I have consulted legal advice— spending my last dollar— and I am informed
that the rascals are too strong for me and already have me in a hole.
I sacrificed myself for you and placed reliance on your support.
The old trouble is back in my head and I am desperate. I don t know
what I am doing or shall do.
1 hope to-morrow you will profit by the truth. My conscience is clear.
The school scandal Is growing like a
Ftorm cloud, and there may be more
than shattered reputations and a
basketful of official heads before the
end arrives.
Stanton has written a letter to Kil
ratrick in which he says some thing:
that carry a world of bitterness a
well as a note of desperation. Ken
nedy has came near to striking Kilpat
rick whom he met in the corridor o
the City Hall just after the Grant
Jurors had goaded and probed and
cross questioned until his head buzzed
and Ragan has invoked the machtnerv
of the law and threatens to file al
kinds of charges and every sort of lega
paper until there is either no more la\
el DO more Kilpatrick left. In th
meantime the Grand Jury is calling v
every one who knows anything abou
school matters or is suspected o
knowing of place buying, and when th
inquisitorial tree will blossom into a
crop of indictments no one knows.
"The old trouble is back in my head
and I am desperate." wrote Stanton,
and Kilpatrick carries the letter about
with him and thinks over it. It only
rt-fers to the statement published a few
days ago, he says, and he supposes
that Slant' in is repenting of having
made it. But Stanton is becoming em
bittered, and he will make a sensa
tional witness when called upon.
Kilpatrick was before the Grand
Jury yesterday, and N. Kennedy of the
Lincoln school waited with him in the
ante-room. Kennedy went in first,
and as the minutes slipped by and only
a confused murmur came through the
jury-room doors. Kilpatrick paced up
and down the ante-room and out into
the hall. It was during one of these
walks out into the hall that Kennedy
emerged from the ordeal, hot, flurried,
agitated, and with his temper on edge.
He strode through the ante-room
and as he reached the hall he ran into
Kiipatrick. Immediately "his ang»-r
blazed, and approaching Kilpatrick he
commenced to heap abuse upon his
head.
"Liar," "thief," "cur," were some of
the choice epithets he used, and he
would have gone farther than words if
Kilpatrick had not kept his temper and
merely remarked: "You are too old a
man to use such names to me."
"You had no right to say such things.
You had no right to say such things,"
shouted the irate Kennedy as he shook
his fist in Kilpatrick's face. "What
things," demanded the eager bystand
ers, hungry for some inside involun
tary information; but the question re
called the fleeting faculties of the en
raged Kennedy and he contented him
self with significantly repeating,
• Those things," and then said "Those
charges."
There was no fight after all, but it
had come close to it, and there will
be more before the scandal shall have
closed.
Kennedy was employed in Monterey i
County as a teacher. He sent his wife
to San Francisco for the purpose of
receiving medical treatment. While she ;
was here she met Dr. Ragan, the school
director, and endeavored to obtain his
Influence to get a position for her hus- j
MARTEAU AND
THE SYMPHONY.
Just ns the members, patrons and crit
ics of the Symphony Society are getting
used to the luxury of- two concerts to
the month, with good music, good band
and first-rate leader, what must the en
terprising directors do but throw in a
high-class soloist. The concerts were
paying handsomely without soloists; the
subscriptions ran high In the thousands
before the season had commenced; the
ladies — God bless 'em— took it into their
heads that It would be the real cultured
thing to go to the symphonies, and the
cvory-other Thursday at the Tlvoll was
made to be the swellest thing in town.
And all without the first sign or promise
of a soloist. Perhaps it was too wonder
ful to have lasted; but now we never
shall know. Marteau, the first soloist, has
played. He is an artist, and his success
with the audience was so swift and
unanimous that already I tremble for the
concerts to come. The symphony au
diences here are, as a whole, handsome,
modishly robed, elegantly hatted and
nicely mannered; but they are not, as a
whole or as a half, musical in that higher
degree which absolutely craves such con
certs as Scheel has given us.
Where one of their number understand
ings appreciates the scientific and ar
tistic beauties of symphony music, twen
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
Blood
Humors
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
epeedily cured by warm baths with CutwDßA
Soap, gentle anointings with CuncunA (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses
of CrmcußA Resolve>t, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures. •
(gticura
I. doM tt>ron«ho<it the world. - Pomtm D»<7» in» Cant.
<>«»-.. Sole Prop*.. Bo«lon. _ • ' "'" ' H- dr'-i'
QJ- •• How to Cure Kvcry Blood Humor," free.
FACE HUMORS Ma o».»1 >, *«»» Bo*f
STANTON.
band in the public schools of this city.
She afterward met Mrs. Sol Kampe, the
wife of the money lender, and then ef
fected a loan of $300 from Kampe. Im
mediately after securing this money
she telegraphed to her husband to como
immediately to San Francisco. This
telegram was delivered to Kennedy by
a special messenger at his home, four
miles from the telegraph office, and Im
mediately on its receipt he started for
San Francisco, and on his arrival In
this city met Dr. Ragan and was im
mediately afterward appointed as sub
stitute teacher.
He reported every day at the school
to which he had been assigned, and for
this service drew $1 each day from the
city treasury. He was soon promoted
to the position of regular teacher, and
assigned under Principal E. C. Kilpat
rlck. Owing to differences between
Kennedy and Kilpatrick, the former
was transferred by Director Ragan to
a more congenial school.
Before the Grand Jury yesterday
Kennedy stated positively that he nev
er paid to Ragan or anyone else 1 cent
i for his position.
George Atherton was called, and tes
tified that it was common rumor that
certain teachers had paid for their po
sitions. He will appear before the jury
at its next meeting and give names,
dates and amounts of money paid. He
! paid that it was common rumor that G.
E. Stanton had paid money to Dr. Ra
gan for his place.
E. C. Kilpatrick was called, and pre
1 sented his affidavit and statement which
has already been published, and which
! declares that Stanton had paitl Ragan
for his position. He said that it was
common talk that Kennedy had paid
Ragan for his place with money that he
had borrowed from Kampe. His testi
mony was confined to the Stanton case
alone.
An effort was made to have a sub
f pena served on Mrs. Kampe. in order
that she may tell what she knows about
[ the borrowing: of money from her hus
band by Mrs. Kennedy, but Mrs. Kampo
: is said to be in the East, and could not
be found.
The Grand Jury adjourned until next
Monday, when the investigation will be
continued. Notwithstanding the asser
tions of Kennedy that he paid no mon
ey for his position, a number of the
Grand Jurors are of the opinion that
he secured the place by the payment
of cash.
Ragan Filed His Answer.
School Director Ragan filed his answer
to the Kllpatrick complaint yesterday
morning in Judge Cook's department of
the Superior Court. He was accompanied
by his attorneys, W. W. Foote and A. J.
Clunie. who Informed the court that Ra
gan had waived the statutory ten days'
time in which to answer and asked the
court to pet the case for hearing without
delay. Attorneys Aldrich and Deuprey
protested against an early hearing of the
case, but ass the defendant's attorneys re
newed the demand Judge Cook placed the
case on the calendar for next Monday
evening.
In his answer Dr. Ragan specifically de
nies all the allegations of Kllpatrick's
complaint, in which he is accused of offer
ing to accept bribes in return for prom
ises Of positions as teachers in the public
schools.
ty. thirty, know enough about piano
playing or violin playing to go unaffect
edly enraptured over the virtuosity of a
soloist. And I dread the day when not
the concert but the soloist Is the attrac
tion. Not that 1 did not welcome the
chance to hear Marteau yesterday; not
that I do not appreciate the advantage
both to him and to us that lay In effect
ing his first appearance under the aus
pices of the Symphony Society and with
the co-operation of Scheel and his or
chestra—but I fear a new appetite In the
fashionable crowd which by Its support
has made those symphonies possible; I
tremble at the prospect of a whole season
of soloists. If they could all be Marteaus
it would be different; but San Francisco
is so situated on the map that of
necessity good soloists must be few
and far between. There would al
ways be that horrible alternative
of the resident artist. And, laying aside
all foolishness of local pride, there Is not
one instrumentalist in the townships of
San Francisco, Oakland and Alameda
who could appear as soloist with the
present Scheel orchestra without dis
grace. I have melancholy souvenirs of
the Hinrlchs and other symphony seasons
that were disfigured by the Interpolation
of local virtuosi.
As luck would have It at yesterday's
concert the symphony— Hermann Goetz's
first and only— was a dull one. It was
now to me, and I frankly confess that I
am not anxious for a more extended ac
quaintance with its difficult charms. The
only composer who ever lured me to seek
the poetry in his prose was Brahms. I
grew hollow-chested and long-oared hunt
ing humanness under his glacial formal
ity. I respect but do not envy the per
sons who can call Goetz great. In the
first movement— allegro moderato— where
the subtle profundity is said to He, I
heard nothing but superficial dullness.
The intermezzo and the adagio are
sprightlier, warmer and much more
imaginative; the finale, "which, of itself,"
says one annotator, "is a sufficient indi
cation of the success this brilliant com
poser might have achieved as a sym
phony writer had not death cut him down
in the very threshold of his career,"
sounded to me to be clumsy and trite, the
climax banally lacking in invention and
emphasis. And 1 do not think that any
of my unappreciation was due to Scheel,
who played the symphony with every
possible care. The best Wagner playing
Scheel has done In many a day was In
the Wagner "Faust" overture; the strings
were a bit muddy in the roaring pass
ages at the close, but otherwise the band
behaved splendidly, and for once Scheel
seemed to go in less for Richard's huge
stride and sway and more for his human
analysis. Tschaikowsky's Italian caprice
came last on a programme so long that
even the god of modern Russia in one
of his most rhythmical and popular moods
could not keep more than two-thirds of the
audience in their chairs. Scheel must
have been affected by the restless atmos
phere, for he gave the piece about one
half the usual color and smash.
Marteau's success Is unquestionable. He
playß with the freshness and piquancy of
youth without any of its usual extrava
gance or bumptiousness; in fact, at times
there is in his work an almost austerity
that seems incongruous with his lithe,
young presence. He is not a passionato
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
fiddler, nor a notably powerful one; his
charm, I think, lies most especially in
delicacy and certainty of enunciation. He
played the first two movements of the
Bruch G miner concerto with phenomenal
delicacy; his technique was easy, even
and Irreproachable; and in the liquid pas
sages of the adagio he played with a feel
ing that was none the less poetic and
beautiful for the characteristic restraint
laid upon it.
In the first bars of the finale his tone
was miniature compared with the full
crash called for by the music, but he met
the other various difficulties of the move
ment with unerring leap and poise; and
in an encore, Wagner's '•Albumblatt," he
brought out a tone that was cordial and
round.
But best of all was the first of the Bach
sonatas for violin alone, of which Mar
teau gave a truly faultless performance.
He elucidated what for me had always
been the incomprehensible adagio; he
erystalized the fugue until I could all but
see it; and he took the presto at a suicide
pace without blurring a single note.
' ASHTON STEVENS.
WAS TIRED OF LIFE.
Dines Nelson, Contemplating Suicide
by Drowning and Hanging,
Blows Out His Brains.
Dines Nelson, a laundryman, who work
ed at the San Francisco Laundry, 1519
Eddy street, shot himself last evening at
the foot of Filbert street, near the sea
wall. The bullet entered the right tem
ple and passed clear through the head.
In his pocket was a note which stated
that he was poor and had no place to go.
The man had evidently been contem
plating' suicide by a different means, as
he had a piece of window cord in his
pocket. His close proximity to the water
leads to the belief that it might also have
been his intention to drown himself. The
pistol was a new one and he had a full
box of cartridges in his pocket. Nelson
was a Swede and about 40 years old.
NEW FIELD
FOR CRITICS
Merry Andrews Wants One
Who Knows What
Art Is.
He Advertises His Yearnings and the
Fact That He Can't Write
Very Well.
WANTED— Lady nrtlst critic: Sunday travel.
Box SylT, Examiner office.
This rather mysterious advertisement
appeared a few days ago. It fell under
FASHIONABLE LENTEN CEREMONY
Nuptials of Miss Gertrude Elaine Wolfe ani Dp, Frederick
G, Cannes
Miss Gertrude Elaine Wolfe and Dr. Frederick G. Canney were married yes
terday at noon at the residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. W.
Taber, 3360 Twenty-third street.
Palms, violets, deep purple and white, and white ribbons made a most effect
ive decoration. In the bay window of the drawing room, a bower of giant palms
was erected, and here the happy <ouple stood while Rev. J. George Gibson pro
nounced the solemn words that made them man and wife. The bride wore an
elegant gown of white brocaded satin. The jupe was made en train and the
corsage elaborately trimmed with point lace and chiffon. The bridal veil was
fastened to the coiffure with r. wreath of orange blossoms and lilies oi the
valley. The bridal bouquet was composed of lilies of the valley.
Miss Blanche Taber, sister of the bride, officiated as bridesmaid, and Edwin
Wiloox of San Jose was best man.
Miss Taber wore a dainty gown of pale blue silk and carried a bouquet of
pink roses.
Dr. and Mrs. Canney lest yesterday afternoon for a short visit to San Mateo,
and on their return will reside at the Wenban, 606 Sutter street.
the eye of a lady who is both artist and
critic. To be sure the wording was
vague, but she discerned in it a promise
of something suited to her talents. Per
haps some rich man with a hankering
after pictures and only Sundays to devote
to the hobby wanted a mentor and guide.
Possibly his soul yearned after the art
treasures of Mllpitas and Rodeo, and he
wished to be guarded against amateurish
errors of Judgment. Certainly there were
no recognized art centers to be visited
near San Francisco. Yet the subject
seemed worth pursuing, and the lady an
swered. Here Is the reply she was show-
Ing to friends yesterday:
Your answer to 8917 Examiner received. My
object Is a good time on Sundays afternoon
with a good critic, change of people Is nice.
Of course there is nothing In It only fun and
travel If you like It. Yours,
E. M. ANDREWS, 1510 Kentucky street.
The lady instead of being indignant at
Mr. Andrews was inclined to be amused.
"I suppose I deserve It for paying any
attention to an advertisement in the Ex
aminer," was her smiling comment. Her
husband did not seem to entertain a very
high opinion of Andrews, although he ap
preciated the joke. Publication is made
so that the Kentucky street gentleman
may have a chance to Join in the laugh.
" r— — " _ .
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers, 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stock Irrespective of cost. •
» ♦ ■
Will Receive Holy Communion.
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of the Immaculate Conception of the
Virgin Mary will attend the 7:30 o'clock
mass next Sunday morning and will re
ceive holy communion in a body. At 7:15
o'clock a procession will be formed and
the members of the entire sodality will
march from their chapel in the basement
of the church to the church proper on
Hayes street, headed by their officers and
carrying their sacred banners. Immedi
ately after mass a reception will be held
in the assembly hall.
SHOT AND SHELL
FOR THE OREGON
Four Hundred Tons of
Ammunition for the
Battleship.
Full Complement for the Forty-
Two Magazines of the
Vessel.
Urgent Demand for Better Docking
Facilities at the Navy-
Yard.
The battle-ship Oregon is to receive
at once 400 tons of ammunition. This
quantity will provide a full complement
for the forty-two magazines of the
ship. To-day the powder, shot and
shell will be brought from Mare Is
land to the Oregon's anchorage in Mis
sion bay.
Officers of the navy comment on the
fact that the ammunition must be
brought to the ship, because the ship
cannot go to the naval station at Mare
Island to receive supplies.
Of the fifty million dollars voted by
Congress for national defense there is
an urgent necessity for the expendi
ture of $250,000 for dredging at Mare
Island ami enlarging the dock at Mare
statiun. That amount of money, prop
erly expended, would provide docking
facilities for a battle-ship. Should a
vessel drift against the Oregon in a <
"norther, " such as swept the bay yes
terday morning, and smash the pro- i
pellers of the battle-ship, the results
would be serious. Without propellers
the ship could not go to Puget Sound
for docking facilities. On account of
low water Mare Island is not acces- |
sible for a ship of this size. In order ;
to use Hunters Point dock the battle
ship must be lightened by the removal j
of even her guns.
Estimates are on file in the Navy De
partment showing that the sum of
$250,000 would enlarge the dock at Mare
Island and deepen the channel.
It is believed by naval officers that
the Oregon will remain for a considera
ble length of time near San Francisco.
The report that the ship will go to
China is not credited.
NEIGHBORS AT OUTS.
Mrs. R. A. Tuttlo. wife of a missionary
in the Sunset district, near Golden Gate
Park, swore to a complaint in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday for the arrest
of Mrs. Louisa Rahn on the charge of
battery.
Mrs. Rahn wag a witness for the pros
ecution in a libel case In which Mrs.
Tuttle's husband was the defendant. The
case was dismissed in Judge Wallace's
court a few days ago.
Mrs. Tuttle alleges that on Wednesday
night Mrs. Rahn met her and after abus
ing her for saying th;\t her daughter was
in the habit of visiting a saloon with men
drew a knife and threatened to do for
her. Mrs. Tuttle screamed and a car con
ductor ran to her assistance and took the
knife from Mr?. K;thn.
Sues for Maintenance.
Mrs. Pauline Townes has commenced
suit against her husband, John F.
Townes, for support and maintenance.
Mrs. Townes alleges that in January of
the present year her husband deserted her
and has since refused to contribute
toward her support.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th»f*o- ■ /7 ■ • ■ ■--■ - ' ■
liaile -Sal S/tsJ> „ >- is «8
FORD EXPLAINS
HIS POSITION
F. S. Stratton Was Em
ployed When He Re
fused to Act.
He Declined to Defend Suits
Brought Against the Har
bor Commission.
The Attorney Would Not Appear
Actions in Which He Believed
the Commission Wrong,
The proceedings at the trial of the
injunction suit brought by the Paraf
! fine Paint Company against the State
! Board of Harbor Commissioners were
! dull and uninteresting yesterday. Tha
| witnesses called were examined on
technical points and there was noth-
I ing to relieve the monotony.
Attorney Tlrey L. Ford was recalled
and examined relative to the employ
; ment of Attorney F. S. Stratton by the
! Harbor Commissioners as special coun-
I sel. The testimony of Ford, although
i rather reluctantly given, showed that
! Stratton had been specially employed
when Ford declined to defend the board
i in suits where he believed the law was
against the Commissioners' side of the
; case.
Ford testified that the only case in
which he had requested the employ
i ment of other counsel was in the case
lof Healy, Tibbetts & Co., against the
: board, in which it was sought to en
i join the board from receiving bids on a
i patented process for creosotlng piles,
i When asked his reasons for desiring
! the board to employ other counsel In
' that case. Ford said that he had come
! to the conclusion, after an examination
j of the case, that the specifications ac
' cepted by the board did not admit of
j fair competition as to the ere-
I osoting process of preserving piles.
IHe said he had consulted the
chief engineer as to the facts
upon which he had based his conclu
sions. He further testified that he toUl
| the board he did not feel he ought to
; present a defense to the court which
he did not believe in himself. The
board thereupon employed Stratton and
Ford turned the case over to him, cx
i plaining to Stratton why he, Ford, "did
| not care to try the case. Ford said
I he was not subsequently consulted as
; to specifications for the preservation of
' piles.
He said he had examined the claims
!of the S. E. Slade Lumber Company
j that were contested in the Pacific Pine
; Lumber Company cases, and had
I reached the conclusion that they were
! all valid except a small portion, about
i which there was some doubt.
W. G. Curtis, superintendent of the
I maintenance of way department of the
j Southern Pacific Company, was next
! examined concerning his idea of the
j proper manner of creosotlng piles. He
testified that the method known as the
Isaacs & Curtis process, of which he
Is one of the patentees, was in his opin
i ion the best method for timber pre
! serving. He admitted having had sev
1 eral conversations with Commissioner
I Colnon, in which he advised Colnon
that the Isaacs & Curtis process was
better than any in use.
Chief Engineer Holmes and James
Godfrey were questioned at considera
ble length concerning the condition of
the piles used in wharf repair. They
j were of the opinion that all of the piles
delivered by the several constructing
I companies had been properly treated to
; prevent the ravages of teredos.
The further trial of the case will be
{ resumed Monday morning.
Drank Champagne Cider.
John Johnson, an unsophisticated sail
or, went Into the Monte Carlo dive on
; Jackson and Kearny streets Wednesday
I night and or"J»:ed a bottle of beer. One
I of the women brought him a bottle of
i champagne cider and he gave her a $20
gold piece to pay for it. When he asked
i for the change he was thrown out, and
j yesterday applied to Assistant Prosecut
i ing Attorney Hogan of Judge Conlan's
! court for a warrant. Hogan told him
| he would inquire into the case and ad
vised him to call to-day.
Dr. Cachot has removed from 207 Taylor to
10 Turk street. Telephone Mint 1436. •
Another Hoff Juror\ Secured.
"Right Jurors now occupy the box to
hear the charge of murder against Albert
Hoff. Frank Dumont was the only juror
secured out of twenty-one talesmen who
were examined yesterday. Shortly after
' 3 o'clock the panel was exhausted and the
case went over until this morning. It is
thought that the jury will be completed
to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
| j
i # Simply
■ ? JT /
the purest and most
deliciously flavored
| vanilla chocolate in
the GHlRAR-
delli's Monarch
Chocolate. Its
unique mellow flavor
recommends it as a.^
drink and as a de- <
lightful addition to I
' '* ■';'■-' t
pastry. * :
| ■ j
• .- •. -■■■"• ■ ■
DR.MCNULTY:
"TTF.rX-KNO'vVN AND RKLrABLE Ot.Ti
.1 Specialist Private, Nervous.Mlood mid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. J'stients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. . Hour*. 9to 8
dally : 6:30 toB.aocv'KS. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul U-:
' clou free and sacredly confidential. . C*i! or address
i*. roscoi: nc\n/TT. M.».. 4
30,' i Kenrny Mirrr l. Baa Franciacv. 4»l
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f 8 S3 88 88 58 S3 88 88 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 S3 88 88 88 B*BB 88 82 88 8 8 8S 88 58 8* 88S3 £ S3 S3 83 SB2S
88 -■ 8S
! PRICES! !
a « — — -«> ®— : ■ — ® •**
88 Ridiculous price on Ridiculous price on ss
S Men's $7.50 fine All- Men's $12.00 fine All- |
SS Wool Suits, Wool Suits, 88
88 A m £ *
88 I I _^_ s *
I FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY ONLY. I
SS. Men's regular $1.00 Stan- 1000 Boys' and Children's Z
88 lev and Golf Shirts, sizes i Percale Waists, new spring 05
S 14* to 17, for Friday and pattern, worth everywhere S3
js Saturday only, ridiculous j 75c, Friday and Saturday •*■
88 price, " only, x ' -!' SS
■ 25c. 25c. I
88 — ; : ' 88
? 1000 Little Boy 3 Knee 1000 Men's New Spring ss
§ Pants, double seat and double Shape Derbys and Fedoras, •*
88 knees, ages 4 to 14, worth black and brown, up-to-date ~
88 50c, Friday and Saturday styles, Friday and Saturday [•
% only, ' only. 8S
! Isc, 45c, 1
•° , : : 8?
88 . ' \ ■; _ ; j , "T £8
« "ALWAYS the cheapest "t
3; CLOTHIERS, HATTERS AND FURNISHERS, |
ss 924-930 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. g
g jj 88888 88 8S888888888»SaBBSaS«888888«S»
Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
H STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEBT
Cc , , .I, „„ & '
» i&^^lk ('I liL.
» WHY WE ARE BUSY, .g j
0 RECAUSE WE SELL STYLISH, ~
0 I> well-made Shoes cheaper than our £* j
w competitors. There is no sentiment in w ;
" business— talk— and we are doing « |
« the business because we give the best £4 j
W values and have the largest assort- }
& ment. This week a special leader: &
Z, Children's and Misses' Extra ici Kid w
# I ace Shoes, with silk brocaded vesting W
« tops, new coin toes and tips, spring ££
i O h6e Child's sizes. Bto 10% $1 25. ■d
Z. Misses' sizes. 11 to 2 1 50. w
« Child's Dongola Kid Button Shoes, «
« patent leather tips, spring heels, sizes $
** 6 to 9; reduced to 60c. T -t«-^ii,« « i
» Call and get estimates on Klondike « ,
CJ footwear before purchasing e ! Be^lif^; O
» We have the largest and best-selected «
« "ci.untVorde^sollclted. Send for New «
& Illustrated Catalogue. Address W
0 B. KATCHINSKI, »
a PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.. » ■
810 Third St.. San Francisco. #
_«^» o * & » g^ Jgjgj? g ® g ° ? ;
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO;
gw PALACE p S
°GRADID H s %
" SAN FRANCISCO. q |
W Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached.
© V All Under One Management. «
Q NOTE THE PRICES : O
O European Plan.* 1 . 00 per day and upward Q
American Plan «3. OO per day and upward "
O Correspondence Solicited. O
0 JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. q
000000000000000O 00
AMUSEMENTS^
ALCAZAR.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THEN FAREWELL TO N. C. GOODWIN'S
;- ■ Charming Comedy,
"A GILDED FOOL!"
MONDAY NIGHT, a Political Satire— "THE
DISTRICT ATTORNEY." ■
Y. M. C. AUDITORIUM.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON, March 12.
FIRST VIOLIN
• ■ RECITAL..
MARTEAU!
Assisted by
L/\CH/\U7V\E,
PIANIST.
Reserved Seats, $1 50, at the San Francisco
| Music Store, 225 Sutter St.
j PACING! RACING! RACING.'
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— ;
Winter Meeting, 1597-9S, Beginning MONDAY,
1 . - March 7, .to March 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15. P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30, ; 1:00, 1:30. 2:00. 2:80 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to : track. Buy your ferry tickets .to Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the track ■at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after the
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. ■•■■,-.- • ■ :
HI VMDT&__ Corner of Mfton »nd •
UL.YIYIKIA Eddy Street§ _
- America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill In the world. DRAWEE, . world
famous Juggler: MULLIN & WARD, novelty
boxing: • STARKEY & RATKBUN: t, SIMON- :
BEN, INEZ, ARNELDO. ANTONETTE. and'
1 ten others, v House Heated. : ~. Admission Free. -
AMUSEMENTS. _
?&c£ivm#ia cflfialrG
'JRIEDUNDtft 6CTUOB V »*»>««
—MATINEE SATURDAY-
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
A REAL HOT TIME. ~
PRIMROSE & WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS.
1 GEORGE PRIMROSE, AMERICA'S GREAT-
I EST' MINSTREL: ' GEORGE , WILSON,
I PRINCE OF COMEDIANS; E. M. HALL, FA-
MOUS BANJOIST, AND 40 OTHERS.
I SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
Coming— "1492."
.ffiIEOIANCER &OTTIOBSC s.u&&utAn«iuMos .u&&utAn«iuM0
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT, March 13th,
WORLD, KELLER & MACK
! And Their Big Farce Comedy Company in
TOWN TOPICS!
CUT PRICFS ! ' Entire Lower Floor 50c
CUT PRICFS ' i Entire Balcony 2f.c
■ WUi rHIWE3. || Gallery isc
POSITIVELY NO HIGHER.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Last Week— The Famous Original
*-^T=s»» BOSTONIANS <&*?-*
—TO-NIGHT and Remainder of Week—
i "ROBIN HOOD!"
i NEXT WEEK— SEATS NOW READY,
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE"
A legitimate farce in three acts. JOSEPH
HOLLAND and an efficient cast.
The Greatest Show in the City!
Jose Quintet, greatest vaudeville singing act;
! Josephine Sabel. vivacious char.teuse. and the
Human Music Sheet— fifty colored vocalists;
i Rudinoff, fantastic delineator; Webb & Hassan,
hand acrobats; Smith & Cook, dancing come-
' dians; Smart & Williams, colored comedians;
Whitney Brothers, musical artists; The Doners,
eccentric sketch team; Ltna Pantzer, danseuse
fil de fer. : ■
Reserved seats 25c; balcony 10c; opera chairs
and box seats 60c. " . < :
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Ernestine Khei.int,, Proprietor Si Manager
THIS EVENING
- — SONG! DANCE! FUN!
The Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
A Story of a Teahouse.
The Prettiest Production of the Year.
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND 50 CENTS.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders for seats will be received here-
after^^ " ' "
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter M0r05c0........ Sole Les»ee and Manager
First Production of 11. Grattan Donnelly's New
Melodrama,
"THE WOMAN IN BLACK!"
The Most Exciting Comedy Sensation of th«
Day.
Illustrating the power of hypnotism and th«
exciting incidents of a hot political campaign.
Evening prices. 10c, 25c, 00c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. '".-•' ;
- THE FiNEST COLLECTION OF
Ever Shown In This Country Are at the
• • • Z/>-/^' • • •
IN THE CHUTES.
A BIG BUILDING BUILT FOR THE ANIMALS.
ALSO CHIQL'ITA AND A BIG SHOW.
"Feeding of the Carnivora" at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children, Be.
£?£& SIX FREE LECTURES
Qr^rt^M On SIX FREE LECTURES
jN On Spirit. Soul Phrenology and Health,
\£G>s £> at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on^<
- . Jj - Fifth st., near Market, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the lat« Prof. 0. 8. Fowler, the Cele-
b rated Phrenologist of New York.
Monday. March I*, 1 8 p. m.— "Spirit, Soul and
Phrenology." '--->•- .
"Tuesday. March 15, 2:30 p. m.— "The Mys-
teries of .Women," ladies only. • .
Wednesday, March 16, 2:30 p. — "Afflictions 5
of Women," ladies only. • '■ ..
Friday, March 18. 8 p.' m.— "Manhood; Its
■ Virtues and Faults,' gentlemen only. .
Saturday. March 19, 8 p. m.— "Electricity;
Its Application to Disease." - . ••••. -..-i-v
Classes taught -. the application of electricity
' to • cure - disease, t beginning : March 22. . , Phre-
| nological examinations daily from 9 a. m. till
9 p. m. until March 31. at the California Hotel,
I on Bush st., near Kearny.
78
HEAVY-WEIGHT CHOYNSKI IS IN CONDITION FOR THE BATTLE
The Popular California Pugilist Contends That He Is in Fine Fettle and That He Will Not Disappoint His Friends When He Will Meet the Bold Sailor Boy in
Woodward's Pavilion.
JOE CHOYXSKI, otherwise known
as "Easy Going Joe," will nie^t the
perfect Hercules, Tom Sharkey, this
evening in Woodwards Pavilion.
Never before has Choynskl
trained so faithfully for a boxing
contest. When asked how he felt
Choynskl, in his mild and unassuming
way, replied: "Never better in my
life. If Sharkey whips me I shall have
no excuse to offer on the score of con
dition, as I am perfect in that respect.
KESLER TELLS
OF HIS LOAN
TO THE MAYOR
He Flatly Contradicts
One of Mr. Thomas'
Statements.
Says He Well Knew From
Whom His Son Bor
rowed Money.
Edward Noblett Said to Have
Acted as the Go-
Between.
DENIAL OF THE CHARGE.
The People of Oakland Anxious for
the Grand Jury to Make a Thor
ough Investigation.
Oakland's boodle Councllmpn are en-
Joying brief immunity from censure
■while the citizens are engrossed with
the newer scandal involving Mayor
Thomas and his son, Harry, who are
alleged to have used their influence to
secure the appointment of J. \V. Kesler
to a position on the police force for a
consideration.
This exposure, following on the heels
of the water job, has worked the. peo
ple across the bay into an exceedingly
ugly frame of mind, and among all
classes there is a unanimity of senti
ment that official corruption must be
stopped — and at once. However, the
people have every confidence in the in
tegrity of the Grand Jury and they are
willing to trust the ferreting out of
•wrong-doing to that body, believing
that the guilty will be brought to jus
tice in due time.
Mayor Thomas and his son, who is
also his Secretary, make light of Kes
ler's charges and say they court the
fullest investigation, but the "Dear
Jim" letter, written by Harry Thomas
to Kesler. which the would-be police
man has made public, is a source of no
little annoyance to them. In fact, the
Mayor has stated that it was "indis
creet" on his son's part to indite such
a letter.
Kesler made a detailed statement
yesterday, in which he emphatically
denies Mayor Thomas' assertion that
Thomas did not know whom his son was
to borrow the money from because the
note wr.s blank when he indorsed it.
Kesler says he had the note drawn up
by his daughter, and that it was reg
ularly filled out when it was presented
to Thomas for his indorsement.
Kesler's statement is as follows:
I sent in my application for appoint
ment on the police force on June 22. of
last year. Mayor Thomas had known me
for years and when I spoke to him about
the appointment he promised to do every
thing in his power to assist me. He told
me to undergo the medical examination
right away, BO I went \o Dr. Dunn, the
Health Officer, and said I wanted to be
examined. Dr. Dunn said he would ex
amine me with the other applicants, but
when I said the Mayor had told me to be
examined at once. Dr. Dunn granted my
request.
On July 10 Ed Noblett came to me at
the exposition, where I was employed,
and told me that if I wanted to get onto
the police force it would be a good plan
to loan the Thomases a little money. Nob
lett said they wanted $200 immediately.
I told him I did not have that amount,
but I would see what I could do.
During the noon hour I went to the City
Hall #.nd saw Harry Thomas. I asked him
What the trouble was and he replied that
they were in a hole, and that the Cali
fornia Hank would sue them unless they
met a claim at once. He said they needed
$200. I asked if it would not do if I went
to the bank and went security for them.
Thomas replied that such a course would
not do, but that if 1 would let him have
$100 at once it would save him. I asked to
Bee his father, but he said the Mayor was
All I fear for is that Sharkey will not j
fight according to our agreement which '
says that there shall be no hitting in
the clinches. If he stands off and
makes a clean, open fight I shall be j
the first to congratulate him if he j
whips me; that's all I have to say."
Last evening Eddie Graney, in be
half of Choynski, met Tom Sharkey
and the managers of the National |
Club, according to appointment, at 8 I
o'clock at the Baldwin Hotel, with the |
away attending to some Christian En
deavor business. I then told Harry
would do the best I could for him and
went away.
July 13 I had $100, which I took to the
City Hall. I had the note for that amount
already drawn up and gave it to Harry
Thomas to sign and to get his father's
indorsement. He took the note and said
he would get his father to sign it. A little
j later he came to the exposition with the
| note properly signed, and I gave him the
; $100.
About two weeks ago I loaned Harry
Thomas $100 more on a note similarly ex
j ecuted. If the Mayor says he merely
I signed a note to accommodate his son,
i and did not know from whom he was
j borrowing, he is not telling the truth, for
my daughter wrote out the notes and my
1 name was on them before they were
I signed by the Mayor.
Soon after loaning him the second $100
I received a letter from Harry Thomas,
which 1 still have, and which reads:
Dear Jim: A thousand
thanks for your kindness, and
you can depend on us when the
time presents itself. It will
come in the near future and
you can be sure you will be
one of the first. Sincerely,
HARRY THOMAS.
The sixty clays for which the notes were
drsTvn passed, but they were not paid.
The morning of the Saturday on which
the new officers were to be appointed Ed
Noblett came to me again and said
Thomas had assured him I could be ap
pointed and asked that when I was
chosen I would tear up the notes. I said
I would do nothing rash, but would wait
a while, and I made no promises.
I was not appointed, and the following
Monday I went to the Mayor's office and
demanded immediate payment of the two
notes. He said he did not have the money,
but would have it by 1 o'clock. I told him
I could not return for it and gave my
opinion of him In very positive language.
A little later Harry Thomas was in Fos
ter's saloon and told those who were,
there that I had given "his old man" a
raking down, and that It was very tunny.
I told the Mayor I would he at the cor
ner of Eleventh and Broadway at. 1
o'clock, and that if the money was not
forthcoming then It would be unfortu
nate. The Mayor said he hoped 1 did
not intend to shoot, and I replied that I
preferred to kill him by inches.
I was at the appointed place at the
hour named and Harry Thomas gave me
$200 in the presence of witnesses. I had
the notes photographed for various rea
sons.
I did not loan the money for a position
on the police force, and I would have col
lected it whether I secured the appoint
ment or not. Xo effort was made to sell
me a position and I made no effort to
purchase one. I have no fight against
the Thomases, but Harry has been doing
some talking and I think it Is time to
set myself straight in the matter.
Ed Noblett, who is said by Kesler to
have acted as a sort of go-between,
gave his version of the affair to a Call
reporter yesterday. He said:
I have known Mayor Thomas and his
son Harry for a long time, and some time
ago Harry asked me where he could bor
row some money. I named over a num
ber of people I knew of who made a busi
ness of loaning money, among them was
Kesler. This man Kesler has been shav
ing warrants for a long time, and Harry
thought ho would bo a good man to go to.
He asked me where Kesler could be
found and I told him he was employed
at the exposition. I was going In that
direction and Harry asked me to see Kes
ler and tell him to go up to the City Hall
and sec Harry. I did so, telling him that
Thomas wanted to borrow some money.
That is all the connection I had with the
affair. Kesler's assertion that I went to
him the day the appointments were made
and advised him to destroy the notes is
absurd. 1 only saw him that once about It.
The McKenzie Musicale.
: The friends, of ' the McKerizie Musical
Society filled Odd Fellows' Hall last
evening: to its utmost capacity. The occa
sion was the tenth. invitation musical and
hop of the society. The musical pro
gramme was wonderfully elastic— that is
to say. It embraced both the classical and
the topical, ranging as it did from the
"Intermezzo" from the "Cavalleria" to
"My Coal -Black Lady." Sheriff R. I.
Whelah with his comic selections made
the hit of the evening. P. J. Grodjens, C.
Jacklin and Miss Minnie Powell also came
in for a generous share of the applause.
The musicale was followed by the hop
and many enjoyed the dancing. -
—■♦ « : ■
Rheumatism, kidney & liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin'sSanitarlum,sl4Pine.nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
Will Give an Orange Social.
An orange social and entertainment
will be given in the parlors of Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church this evening at
8 o'clock under the auspices of the young
ladies of class 11. The price of admission,
both to the social and entertainment, in
cluding refreshments, will be 10 cents.
The programme as arranged is both
unique and interesting.
■ ♦ . .
To Cure a Cold In One Ddv.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund \l-" l.ioney If It falls to cure.
2Sc. The genuine has L>. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
object of selecting a referee.
Sharkey was first to speak and, ad
dressing Graney, said: "Well Eddie,
who have you selected for referee? I
am anxious to settle this question as
quickly as possible, as I must get
back to my training quarters right
away."
Graney hesitated a few moments and
then replied, "Well, Tom, my men are
Jim McDonald, Hiram Cook. Charley
Gagus, Ed Hofman, Phil Wand or J.
COULD NOT
RESIST THE
TEMPTATION
Another Member of
Jesus Christ's Army
Goes Wrong.
Enters a Lodging-House
and Robs a Number
of Rooms.
Frank Anderson, a Young
Man, Booked on Several
Charges of Burglary.
WANTS TO PLEAD GUILTY.
All the Stolen Property Recovered
by Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea.
Another member of Jesus Christ's
Army has gone wrong.
His name is Frank Anderson, aged
22 years. Last night he was arrested
by Detectives Ryan and ODea and was
locked up in the tanks in the City
Prison. To-day he will be formally
charged with burglary.
Several days ago Anderson, who was
dressed in the uniform of the army,
visited a lodging-house at 118 Sixth
street and rented a room. Soon after
his advent in the house the landlady
missed several articles which she had
FRANK ANDERSON
M. Murphy, the racing judge.
Graney had hardly finished naming
his men when Sharkey interrupted him
with the statement that his selections
were very poor and that they would
not go with him, etc.
■Who are your men, Tom?" asked
Grar.ey.
"Well, they are all good people," re
plied Sharkey, "and you can pick any
one of them you like. Here they are:
There's Billy Harrison, a dead honest
in her room. While she was making
investigation Anderson was busy en
tering a room in the upper floor and
stealing everything portable. Alto
gether h»' visited nine rooms and stole
clothing and jewelry valued at $400.
The stolen valuables were placed in
two valises, and awaiting a favorable
opportunity Anderson quietly left the
house. He sold part of the property
to a second-hand dealer on Howard
street, and the remainder to a pawn
broker in Oakland.
Immediately after the crime was dis
covered the landlady *of the house not
ified Captain Spillane, who detailed
Ryan and ODea to find the thief.
With only a faint description of him
the detectives located him last night
and placed him under arrest. Subse
quently they recovered nearly all of the
stolen property.
When taken in ftitstbdy ! Anderson
wore a suit of clothes which he had
stolen from the house.
"I guess I'm up against it," coolly re
marked the prisoner when questioned
by the detective. "All I want is a
chance to plead guilty."
Anderson said he had joined Jesus
Christ's Army several weeks ago, as he
was hungry, and knew that the mem
bers would not let him starve.
"After being initiated," he laugh
ingly remarked, "I struck the main guy
for a handout and he gave me a single
meal ticket. I th.-n donned the uniform
of the army, and made a big hit by
telling the guys on the streets that I
had accepted salvation and intended to
lead a better life. The officers of the
army got stuck on my ability as a
gpieler, and they just threw bouquets ;
at my feet. That simply* knocked me 1
silly, and I thought I was Swiftwater
Bill or some other speedy guy.
"When I rented the room in the house
on Sixth street I meant to be dead
straight, and would have been so if the
landlady hadn't left the doors wide
open. I couldn't resist the temptation,
and, shedding my uniform, I entered
the one nearest me.
"Oh, such a pickup! Nothing but
swell shoes and hats and a cane that
would have knocked the king of dudes
silly. I just copped 'em off, and went
to the next room. The same easy graft
—nothing like it in the Klondike, I
thought. After getting all the stuff in
Bight, I packed it in my grips, and
while the landlady was looking for
some things she had lost I quietly
ducked my nut.
"It's tough to be pinched for doing a
lodging he-use, but I guess I will have
to stand it."
fallow; Tom Lansiner, 'Spider* Kelly,
Frank Carr, John Qulnn, Jim Quinn
and Solly Smith."
Graney objected to every person
named, especially Harrison, who,
Graney said, was altogether too good to
act as a boxing judge.
Several names were mentioned, but
Sharkey was obdurate. He wanted to
go home and have a good sleep and as
a parting salute said that he would
dream over the matter.
BILLETS
FLEW IN A
GROCERY
Attempt to Hold Up
Caesar Wenker at
His Counter.
He Drew a Revolver and
Opened Fire on His
Assailant.
The Shots Returned and Lead
Showered in Every
Direction.
A BYSTANDER JOINED.
He Was Shot Through the Coattails.
The Robbers Made Good Their
Escape.
Last evening a man entered the gro
cery store at the corner of Fifteenth
and Guerrero streets, kept by Caesar
Wenker, and. drawing a pistol, ordered
the proprietor to throw up his hands.
Wenker refused the request, and
backing into an alcove, where he keeps
his beer, he, too, drew a pistol and
opened fire.
The robber answered with his revolv
er, and bullets began to fly in all di
rections. A bystander attempted to
seize the robber by the arm, when he
turned around and shot at the new
comer, the bullet passing through his
coat.
Backing out of the saloon, the daring
robber ran up Fifteenth street, and
turned into Dolores, where he was
joined by his pal. The two men then
turned down a side street and made
their escape.
Officers from the Seventeenth-street
station in citizen clothes have been out
searching for the men. Captain Gillen
thinks he knows who the men are, and
he expects to land them before morn
ing.
TO BE NO CUT IN
OVERLAND RATES
Mr. Stubbs Says the Southern
Pacific Cannot Stand
One.
Local Eusiness Men Request the
Railroad Company to Give
R = lief.
About 100 commercial persons and busi
ness men assembled in the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday in a special meet-
Ing called by Vlce-President Nelson of
the Chamber of Commerce; those present
were members of the Chamber, Mer
chants' Association and the local Board
of Trade. The object was to have a con
ference with J. C. Stubbs of the Southern
Pacific Company to see if something could
be done to regain some of the trade that
Is now being lost in consequence of the
rate war among the northern railroads
and the Southern Pacific's determination
to maintain the old rates.
Mr. Stubbs was present, and. for some
reason, best known to those who wanted
to ask something of the representative
of the railroad, members of the press
were excluded.
Later it was learned Mr. Nelson stated
that in consequence of the cheapness of
the fares on the northern lines and the
high rates on the Southern Pacific the
"I will meet you here at 2 o'clock to
morrow and will have another list of
names to present," said Sharkey, "and
I think we will agree upon some good
man; all I want is a fair shake."
Sharkey and his trainer, Tim Mc-
Grath, made their escape from the par
ty and Graney, who felt rather put out
because a referee was not selected, said
he was satisfied that Sharkey had not
the least intention of selecting any per
son until to-day.
"You see, the fellow is suspicious,"
bulk of the Alaska travel that should
come to this coast by way of San Fran
cisco has been diverted to the northern
ports, and this city is getting the "go-by"
to its great detriment. As a consequence
the local merchants are suffering severe
ly, where they should be reaping a golden
harvest by outlitting many thousands of
people going to the gold fields. It was
desirable that something should be done
to give the San Francisco merchants a
chance, and bring some of the travel from
the East this way.
Mr. Stubbs listened, and then explained
that the rate war was all on account of
troubles between the Canadian Pacific
and the Great Northwestern, which had
been cutting rates until now first and
second-class rates from St. Paul to Seat
tle are $20 and $10, with the prospects of
another cut of one-half by the 11th lnst.
He said his company could not meet this
kind of cutting, as it could not recover
$1 for $1 expended. The company is in
business for profit, the same as a mer
chant, and cannot afford to run at a
loss. Another reason given was that such
a cut as was wanted would ruin the
Southern California and Mexican travel.
People would come over the cut-rate line
and take steamers to the southern parts
of the country, and any increase in
Alaska travel would not compensate for
this loss. He maintained that the Alaska
travel has already begun to decrease, and
furtheremore, Seattle is the natural route
to the gold fields.
Mr. Johnson, of one of the transporta
tion companies, thought that the natural j
route was from this city to St. Michael i
by steamer. He held that the trails are j
dangerous to travel. He took issue with j
Mr. Stubbs on the point that the travel
is nearly over, for according to his esti
mate at least 50,000 people are booked for
the valley of the Yukon, and he believes
that if the Southern Pacific should make I
a fight for this travel the majority of
these would go north by the way of this j
city. It would mean much to the local j
merchants, for these people would have j
to take in with them about 75,000 tons of ]
provisions.
AFTER THE MARCH HARES
Fast Dogs That Will Fly Over the
Ingleside Park Sward To-
Morrow.
Delta Hall was crowded last evening
when the president of the meeting an
nounced that the drawing for the Satur
day and Sunday coursing at Ingleside
park was in order.
The selections were made in the usual
form, and the drawing ot the forty-eight
nominations resulted as follows:
P. Carney's Annie Daly vs. Dr. Van Hum
mel's Van Nida; Deekelman & Panarlo's Glen
roy vs. faro & London's Fair Rosalind; J.
Quane's Captain Morse vs. J. Smith's Star
Ruby; Thompson & Lowe's Victor vs. M. Sul
livan's Sir John Arnott; T. I'ronin's Johnny
R vs. B. Dougherty's Tessie Fair; J. Byrne's
Occidental vs. Thompson & Lowe's High Horn
Lady; J. Dean's Moondyne vs. Bate & Frank's
Count of Monte Cristo; H. Devine's Gilt Edge
vs. G. Heuer's Blue Jay; .1. Daddeley's Lady
Hopp vs. J. Quane's Princess Marie; Connefl
Brothers' Lor Boy vs. M. N'ealon's Rita; J.
McCormlck's Rapid vs. Caro & London's I'nrle
Sam; T. Cooney's Right Bower vs. \V. Joyner's
Cookoo; D. Leonard's Bendalong vs. F. Whit<?'«
Go Slow; Dr. Van Hummel's Just Eclipsed vs"
V. Horrigan's Mountain Hawk; M. Rogers' Six-
Boy vs. P. Carney's Nelly Daly: P. O'Connell's
Valley Star vs. W. Ryan's Swlnnerton; Thnmp
eon A Lowe's Patria vs. IVokelman ,v F'i
nario's Old Glory; Dr. Van Hummel's VanNcda
vs. F. Brown's Alma; G. Pinto' s Hercules v*
Dr. Van Hummer? Van Cloie; J. J. Heneys
Harkaway II vs. J. McCormick's Prince- J
Murnane's Valley Maid vs. T. Cronin's Mag
net; M. Michalik'p Fireball vs. Lynch & Ma
ber's Dakota; J. McCormiek's White Lily vs
B. Tiprney's Senorlta; J. Byrne's Xelly B vs!
J. Byrne's Mohawk.
The prizes are as follows: $220 first
$115 second. SCO third, three $35, six $15 and
twelve $2 50.
Immediately after the first rundown of
the open stake to-morrow a draw will be
held for the consolation stake, which will
be run on Sunday.
In the weekly report of the doings of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lost flesh lately?
Does your brain tire?
Losing control over y\*u»
nerves r
Are your muscles becom- i
ing exhausted?
You certainly know the
remedy. It is nothing new;
just the same remedy that
has been curing these cases
of thinness and paleness for
twenty-five years. Scott's
Emulsion. The cod-liver
oil in it is the food that
makes the flesh, and the hv- i
pophosphites give tone to \
the nerves.
$oc. and $i.oo. all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.
Graney remarked, "and I am satisfied
he thinks if he had named some man
■whom I may favor, jobbing would be
resorted to. However, we will meet the
bold Sailor to-morrow at 2 o'clock, and
then a referee must he selected, and
that's all there is to it."
Betting on the fight at Crowley &
Raggett's was quite lively last even
ing. Choynski was selling at even
money, and it is thought that meek Jo
seph will be a strong favorite this even
ing when the pools will close.
the leash, which will appear in Satur
day's sporting department of The Call,
the probable winners in. the rundown at
Ingleside and, Union coursing parks will
be named. In last week's selections The
Call mentioned as winners nine out of the
thirteen courses of the first rundown of
Saturday's meeting at Union coursing
park, and named the first, second and
third winners of the final. ■
. ♦ .
WILL COMPETE FOR A TROPHY.
An Athletic Contest Will Be Held
at Verein Eintract Hall by
Rival Companies.
An athletic contest for a handsome sil
ver trophy will be held in Verein Ein
tracht Hall this evening at S o'clock by
Companies F and G. First San Francisco
Regiment, Boys' Brigade, of Howard-
Street M. E. Church, and the Cadet Corps
of the Third Congregational Church. The
contest' will consist of TtinnfnV, wrestf*"ng,
jumping, tug-qf- war. etc. '■'* > j;~*y:(
Blythe Suit Dismissed.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
' yesterday dismissed the ejectment suit of
i Henry T. Blythe vs. Florence Blythe
i Hinckley by consent of counsel. The mo
! tion was made by counsel for Mrs. Hinck
i ley, and the dismissal was without preju
i dice to the right of the plaintiff to bring
1 another suit.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \;
HEALTH
TSTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMAXITT '
: * He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your
health failing you? Your strength, ambfuou, ;
vigor, vitality wasting away I
DOCTORIsWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women. •
YflSlllfa MEM Unnatural drains caused
I U II IIII m kill through errors of youth
; or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped. ,'
He restores lost vigor and vitality to •
WCAV llEftl Organs of the body which
'■ . Wf tHIV IflkHi have been weakened -
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre- ' ,
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor,
tnrouch hi* new ami original system of treatment ''■
P|IdT|IBC cured by his new mfthod, ■
llUr I UllC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cute. .
VAi«ir i nf^El C hvdroccle. swelling and .
WHIIIUUUCLCI tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
i in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from ■
: the system. - . .
I AfllFC will rec « fve special attention for all
IbHUIEi«« their many ailments.
CQNSULTATtON FREE at office nt
ifUndULBABIIIII rkiCC by letter.
WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free F. L. SWEANY, M. D.
787 Market St, op. Grant At., San P'rancisca, Cal' L
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Gre«t
&$m HussUkii of Anatomy
i illpl'L 511«ABXIT3T.li»t6ta4 7-'7 -' S.r.C»L
tg-% H The l.»r>-<-ionia in tin World. ' / !
I^M^\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases. ;
IvU^T/ BW ' Conialt » :ion free< ■"■•■■'• "<"■ "»«k V .
\\jl of Marriage.
a *» . "•il.rD rprr
V
_J^S^33o MARKET ST ; sT^f_
Weak Men and Women
SS H B ?^ D M^fan DA H^^ .^ESS.^
-♦— »» ~+ r% t rt tn+ uai ua.l iirgu tj% , ~~SAN JOSE
FOR GOOD
GOVERNMENT
A Charter Club Meet
ing to Open the
Campaign.
Speakers Urge the Ne
cessity for a Union
of Forces.
There Must Be No Weakening
From Now On at Any
Point.
DANGER OF BOSS RULE.
A Movement That May Yet Become
as Wide as the Nation
Itself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 10.— At the open
ag of the New (Charter Club to
riipht the campaign for the election of
April 11 was informally opened. All
regular business was dispensed with
and the evening devoted to short ad
dresses by some of the representative
men of San Jose. The remarks were
rharacterized by earnestness, dignity
and determination. There was no abuse
of individuals,, but strong condemna
tion was pronounced on the corrupt
methods that have been ingrafted on I
the local government through the I
machinations of boodlers, corruption- ]
ists, bosses and ringsters.
In the course of the proceedings the
chairman announced that the club now
had a membership of more than four
hundred, and the list was being mate
rially increased each day.
Judge J. R. Lewis was the first speak
er. He began as follows: "I think the
time for talking is not now. I think
the time this evening is for action. The
quicker we act the better." Continu
ing he said: "We have presented a
ticket to the citizens of San Jose in the
Interests of good government. This
ticket was selected only after a very
careful canvass. I am confident that
the greater mass of the people will in
dorse and vote for it. The appointing
board is, in my opinion, the most im
portant thing to look after."
He paid a tribute to S. E. Smith, the
new Charter Club's candidate for
Mayor, and also in a general way Fet
forth the qualifications of the other
candidates of the Charter Club.
'This club," he added, "should come
out now, and let the people know what
it is doing. We want to take the ag
gressive. We know the gang is fright
ened. Wo don't hear anything of par
ties. The .point I wish to suggest is
that we hold a grand public meeting
soon in the future. We know that
every newspape in San Jose is op- ;
posed to us. We must hold these meet
ings in order to educate the people, for i
our local papers cannot be depended j
upon to help us. At this meeting we j
|hould place the issues squarely before
rhe people. They are sick of the pres
ent government and certainly want a
change."
S. G. Tompkins said the most
thoughtful and prominent writers on
good government in the best magazines
of the country attributed prevalent cor
ruption in politics to the present sys
tem of boss rule, and urged the import
ance of freeing San Jose from this ne
farious influence. The New Charter
club, he said, was organized for this
purpose. He continued:
The way to accomplish this is
for every individual who has good
povernment at heart to do his share
and vote for the Charter Club ticket from
trip to bottom. [Applause.] If this Is
done we will win: if not I fear for the re
sult. I know every man on the ticket and
( very one in worthy of your support. I
have* learned that the other side is dili
gently at work casting slurs on the Char
ter < lub and its nominees. We should be
equally diligent in furthering our cause.
Let every member constitute himself a
committee of one to secure the success
of this movement.
M. O'Brien, the candidate for Coun
cilman from the Third Ward, said:
This Ifl a movement that we have been
waiting for for ten of fifteen years. This
Is the first opportunity the people have
had of electing the right kind of men to
office.
"W. G. Alexander urged united action.
"If the election were to be held to
day," he said, "we would be successful,
I have no doubt. But unless we stand
together between now and April 11 we
cannot be sure what the result will be."
He suggested that friends and neigh
bors be talked to in the proper way.
In conclusion he remarked: "I recog
nize that this is an important crisis In
the history of San Jose."
F. Brown, in the course of his re
marks, said:
I know that in the past the people of
San Jose had only a choice between the
devil and the deep sea, because the same
hand manipulated all the conventions. It
may be true that the other side has put
up "good men. but if it has we may
rightly claim the credit due for this But
I shall vote for every man on our ticket
and take no chances. Tne men whom our
opponents put Up may be good men. but
they must suffer as did old dog Tray
from the association he kept.
O. O. Felkner spoke. as follows:
We have reached a time when the law
abiding, decent people are called upon to
decide who Is to run the government of
the city— whether the people or the
Dosses. For years it has been run by we
gang by vie ..oodlers and the corrup
f.onlsts Whenever a municipality be
comes corrupt from top to bottom as of
has done it signalizes the downfall of
our government. This condition Is not
local. It exists in other cities. That. is
but the initiative of * movement that
will, I believe, .sweep. all : over- the S ate
and all over the country. It will lead, x
hope, to the restoration of pure govern-
m we* cannot have a schoolteacher ap
pointed without them being a -contribu
tor to the corruptlonists' fund -or_a
pledge to support their cause. Not even
can a water-cart driver secure employ
ment without some contribution or pledge
to the bosses. j
J. R. Patton. who entered the hall
with a number of friends at this junc
ture, on being called upon, addresseo
the gathering as follows:
I have just come from * : a 'meeting to
night and the expression there made by
the'men composing that meeting gave |
me a new heart and new courage and
a new thought respecting the momentous
work before us in the coming campaign.
There were men' in that meeting repre
senting other organizations. Sojme or
them I have met night after night in the
last three or four weeks considering, ad- |
vising, planning. . suggesting ' ways and .
means in order that this campaign may be ,
carried on in a proper spirit and to a j
proper end. SIS I wish particularly to urge.:
One thing I wish particularly to urge.
It is that every: man must interview
every man of his acquaintance In his. pre
cinct. Every member of our various or- j
ganizations must feel that he is consti
tuted a special committee to see that we
all stand together for good government
and economical administration. This is a
matter *fiat affects our homes. If this is
done all we will have to do on the day
of the election is to cast our votes and
the entire ticket will be elected from top
to bottom. In these various organizations
we have not xmly planned to go Into this
fight, but intend to keep up the move
ment for good government and the fight
against the spoilsmen. This is not a
temporary affair, for what we ought to
have in this city— the fairest city in the
State of California, what we must have
is honest, upright and pure government.
(Hearty applause.)
Guy H. Salisbury had this to say:
The task before us is to wrest the power
from those who have abused it. and to
put it in the hands of the friends of the
new charter and good government. The
organization of which I am a member
has been and is working in co-operation
with the New Charter Club. We have
no candidate to put forward. We repre
sent a principle and gladly join hands
with you in the fight for good govern
ment. Our object in the coming election
is to make the people realize their op
portunity. If they vote right, we are
bound to win. There are only two classes
of people engaged in this fight. On, one
side are the people who want good gov
ernment, on the other are the spoils seek
ers.
P. G. Gosbey closed the list of speak
ers. He particularly urged the neces
sity of united action, and the voting of
the New Cffarter Club ticket as awhole.
Arrangements will be made for a
grand, ratification meeting next week,
at which Mayor Phelan of San Fran
cisco and President Jordan of Stanford
University will be asked to speak.
There will also be several other able
and eloquent speakers.
NO FREE ENTRY
OF INDIAN LANDS
House Non - Concurs in the
Amendment Adopted by
the Senate.
Proposed Ratification of the Seminole
Treaty Also Given Its Death
Blow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— After a de
bate in the House which lasted more
than five hours the Senate amendment to
the Indian appropriation bill providing
for the free entry of ceded Indian lands
was to-day non-concurred in by a vote
of 99 to 136. The friends of the free home
clause made a gallant struggle, but they
met the opposition of some of the prom
inent leaders on the Republican side-r
Dingley, Grosvenor, Dalzell and Payne—
and they were further weakened by the
fact that many of the friends of the prop
! osition were alienated by the belief that,
; as drawn, the amendment would work In
jury to the agricultural colleges of the
' country. The Senate amendment for the
; ratification of the Seminole treaty was
1 also non-concurred in after the substitute
; proposition offered by the conferees to
ratify the Kiowa. Comanche and Apache
1 treaty had fallen under a point of order.
: The action of the House to-day sends the
I bill back to conference with non-concur
! rence on all the Senate amendments.
Quiet Day In the Senate.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— No business
of real importance was transacted by the
Senate in open session to-day. The ses
sion lasted only an hour, the time being
largely consumed in disposing- of routine
morning business. A few bills of minor
importance were passed.
WING TUNG DIES TO-DAY.
The Condemned Celestial Refuses to
Utter a Word.
SAN Qt T ENTIN PRISON, March 9.— Up
In the death chamber Wing Tung, the
Chinaman who is to be executed to-mor
row morning, is rocking away the few
hours that he has left to live. He refuses
to enter into a conversation with tne
death watch, and only occasionally is his
voice heard. The Celestial sits in the
rocking chair in the death chamber and
rocks back and forth all day long. He is
under the constant surveillance of
Guards Jones and Abrogast, who
constitute the death watch, but there is
not the slightest danger of him attempt
ing suicide, and the watch has little to
do. ___________
NEATLY JOBBED
THE POOLROOMS
Fresno Men Place Bets on
Races After They Have
Been Decided.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO.MarchlO.— The poolrooms of
E. C. Sachs in the Fteke building, where
bookmaking was done on the races at
Ingleside and Oakland, will be closed
temporarily. The bookmakers were forced
to do this because during the last two
weeks they have been unable to get direct
bulletins from the tracks, and several
who have made it a business to play the
races have been getting "tips" after the
races were over, and betting accordingly.
The poolroom had a man at the track
who supplied it with private bulletins,
but he waited to send the betting on the
next race. In the meantime betting was
being done here after the event was over.
This afternoon the concern was beaten
out of several hundred dollars on Bal
lister. Then the same men offered to
back Mocorito in the second race, but
Sachs refused to accept their money, de
claring that he was being jobbed.
The proprietor of the poolroom an
nounced that he would close his business
for the present; but it is believed that
an attempt to reopen the bookmaking es
tablishment after it is once closed will
be opposed by the citizens, who have been
trying to abolish the place for some time.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FJRIPAY, MARCH 11, 189 S.
TO REVEL IN A
SEA OF BLOOMS
Santa Clara Orehardists
Conclude to Hold a
Carnival.
Committees Appointed to Fix
the Date and Arrange for
Excursions.
Forty Thousand Acres of Buds and
Blossoms as an Attraction for
Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 10.— A bud and
blossom carnival will be held in this
city and county during the first week
of April. This was decided upon at a
meeting of business men and citizens
held at the Board of Trade rooms this
evening. Santa Clara Valley will be
a sea of blooms and the atmosphere
redolent with fragrance at that time,
and visitors from all parts of the East
and the coast will be invited here to
witness the magnificent scenes. Ex
cursion trains will be run from all
nearby points and the visitors will be
met at the depot by carriages and
taken for a drive through the orchard
districts. There are over 40,000 acres
in fruit in the county, through which
there are miles and miles of delightful
drives. Lunches will be spread at
different points for the guests, while
other modes of entertainment will be
provided In the city. The carnival will
last two or three days.
Colonel A. K. Whitton was elected
chairman of the meeting and F. A.
Coleman secretary. The outline of the
festival was discussed and great en
thusiasm expressed over the matter.
An executive committee of fifteen, di
vided into finance and entertainment
committees of seven members eaoh,
with the chairman as ex-officio mem
ber, were appointed to make all ar
rangements for the carnival. The
committees are as follows:
Finance Committee— O. A. Hale, A. C.
Kuhn, T. S. Montgomery. Frank Stock,
J. H. Henry, Colonel T. R. Weaver, R. W.
Hersy.
Entertainment Committee— J. H. Ruck
er, C. J. Owen, A. C. Darby, T. C. Bar
nett. W. C. Andrews, H. \V. Edwards, G.
W. Worthen, E. L. Snell, Colonel A. K.
Whitton.
Auxiliary Committee— W. P. Cragin,
Willows; E. P. Pettitt, West Side; H. F.
Lord, Berryessa; S. F. Cooper, Campbell;
H. Stevens, Evergreen; Lester Morse,
Santa Clara; N. G. Rodgers, Union; W.
A. »'lark. Mountain View; E. A. Wheeler,
i West Side; F. M. Farwell, Saratoga; E.
IM. Ehrhorn, Mountain View; C. W.
' Chllds, Valley View; J. T. Street, Ever
| green; S. F. Ayer, Milpitas; J. S. Selby,
Orchard; O. Stevens, Coyote; E. E. Good
rich. El Quinto; R. F. Robertson, Loa
Gatos.
The executive committee will meet
Tuesday night and perfect arrange
ments, at which the date of the car
nival will be fixed.
Patrick McDonough Dies at Napa.
NAPA, March 10.— Patrick McDonough,
for thirty years a resident of this county,
a teamster and contractor by occupation,
died here to-day. Deceased wr.s well and
favorably known.
Her Husband Missing.
Mrs. Kingon of 40 West Mission street
called at police headquarters last even
ing looking for information of her miss
ing husband. He has been away from
home for two days, but as this has hap
pened before it is likely he will turn up.
BIRDSALL AGAINST PENDERGAST.
Promising Young Gladiators Who Will Match Their Science at
Sacramento To- Night.
SACRAMENTO, March 10.— Wells Birdsall of the Sacramento Athletic
Club and Tom Pendergast of the Manhattan Club of San Francisco will
meet to-morrow night in a twenty-round contest In the Assembly Hall of
the Athletic Club. Both are young men, but not without experience in the
ring, each having fought in the neighborhood of six battles and split about
even in the honors of their contests. Birdsall has trained at his home on
Sixteenth and T streets, in Sacramento, and Pendergast prepared for the
fray at a farmhouse in Alameda County. Considerable speculation Is in
dulged in concerning the result of the combat, and the odds that are offered
place the Sacramento boy on the long side. Pendergast men are found,
however, and before the event comes off there will no doubt be some spir
ited betting.
IN THE HANDS
OF THE JURY
Thomas Flanneily's Fate
a Matter of Specu
lation.
Either Disagreement or a Life-
Imprisonment Sentence
Expected.
Unable to Arrive at a Verdict, the
Jurors Are Locked Up for
the Night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 10.— The Flannelly
case was given to the jury this after
noon at 6 o'clock. At 10 o'clock this
evening they had not agreed upon a
verdict and were locked up for the
right. It could not be learned how they
stood, but the fact that they did not
arrive at a verdict within a couple of
hours indicates that there will be
either a disagreement or that some of
them are holding out for life imprison
ment.
Attorney Straus finished his argu
ment about 11 o'clock this morning. He
said the defense did not try to prove
that Flannelly was crazy. On the con
trary his act was that of a sane man,
and in shooting his father he had
acted in self-defense. John Kerr he
denounced as a perjurer, who desired
to send Flannelly to the gallows so
that he could, through his wife, enjoy
the property that rightly belonged to
the defendant. In conclusion he asked
the Jury to give the defendant the ben
efit of any doubt that existed and ac
quit him.
District Attorney Herrington fol
lowed in the closing argument for the
people. As against the theory of self
defense counsel referred to the defend
ant's action after the murder, when he
went to the ranch, procured a Winches
ter rilie, barricaded the door of his
room and piled up blankets to protect
himself from the officers' bullets and
opened fire when ordered to surrender.
According to counsel Flannelly went
to his father's h>«use in a drunken con
dition, with his hr-art filled with anger,
and deliberately shot the old man with
out cause or pm vocation. His own
testimony in regard to the shooting
was unworthy of belief. It had been
contradicted by his aged mother, who
would not tell a lie even to save her
son from the gallows, and she had
been in a position to see all that oc
curred in the room of blood. He said
the defendant, not content with damn
ing the memory of his father, had at
tempted to blacken the name of his
mother by intimating that she had
committed perjury. Tne defendant
was referred to as one with a debased
and demoralized mind— one without the
first instincts of manhood, who had
repaid years of generous treatment by
a most abhorrent murder.
District Attorney Herrington con
cluded his argument at 4:30, when
Judge Lorigan delivered his charge to
the jury and at 5 p. m. they retired to
deliberate.
BARTHELMAN XTJST HANG.
Taken From Folson to Los Angeles
to Be Besentenced.
SACRAMENTO. March 10. — Deputy
Sheriff H. C. McClure of Los Angeles
County left Folsom this morning with
John Barthelman. u»e murderer, who will
be taken to Los Angeles and resentenced
for tie killing of his wife a little over a
year ago. Barthelman was convicted and
sentenced to be -anged March 11, 1898. An
appeal was taken, resulting in a confir
mation of the judgment of the lower
court which now renders it necessary
for the Judge of the Superior Court of
Los Angeles County to again pronounce
sentence and set a day for the execution.
The Folsom prison officials declare that
Barthelman has been a model prisoner,
and his conduct on aU occasions most ex
emplary.
DESMOND TO BE FREED.
SACRAMENTO, March 10.— Oovernor
Budd to-day commuted the sentence of
John Desmond, sentenced on October 16,
1895, to serve a term of fourteen years for
perjury. The commutation is based on
the recommendation of Dr. I^awler, the
prison physician, who declares that Des
mond is suffering from an incurable dis
ease, and his relatives desire that he
should die outside the prison walls.
WIND AND RAIN
ON THE COAST
Razed Buildings and Gen
eral Havoc in Many
Places.
i
San Jose Reports a Hurricane
That Does Considerable
Damage.
Farther South the Fier ce Gale Is
Accompanied toy a Heavy
Rainfall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 10.— A severe
windstorm visited this city, this fore
noon and played havoc with church
steeples, old barns and trees. It began
blowing about 4 o'clock this morning
and continued with more or less sever
ity until noon. No one was seriously
injured. The two steeples on the Bap
tist Church were twisted and wrenched
and the thoroughfares in that vicinity
closed The steeple on St. Patrick's
Church was also bent. The wires of
the electric railway became badly tan
gled, and traffic was delayed for awhile.
Tupper & Co.'s large warehouse at
Fourth and VirginiE^streets was razed
to the ground and is one mass of de
bris. It was feared that the roof of
the Hensley House, which has been
raised up to allow a couple of stories
to be added, would be blown to the
streets. As soon as the storm arose
the contractors put men to work lash
ing the heavy roof to the rafters of the
I building, and thus probably saved the
structure from being wrecked. The elec
tric tower swayed considerably, but
stood the storm better than had been
expected. Signs and trees were blown
down all over town and old and dilapi
dated shanties wrecked. The damage
done will reach several thousand dol
lars.
SACRAMENTO, March 10.— James A.
Barwick, Weather Bureau Observer in
this city, said tw-day that the dry
northerly wind now blowing through
this section of the valley will do untold
damage to grain if it lasts any great
length of time. It was blowing this
morning at the rate of from thirty to
thirty-eight miles per hour, reaching at
times a maximum velocity of forty-two
miles per hour, which is the highest ve
locity for a northern wind in March ;
] during the past twenty years. The i
; highest velocity for March on record is i
forty-eight miles per hour, but it was
with a south wind, which rather im
proved the cro-p conditions by its in
! creased amount of moisture, brought
) rapidly inland from the ocean.
ST. HELENA, March 10.— The heavy
I windstorm which prevailed here dur
i ing the past twenty-four hours did con-
I siderable damage. The Odd Fellows'
j and Turner halls were partially un
roofed. The partial demolition of Tur
ner Hall will cause particular inconve
nience because it is alstr used as a
high-school building. In the business
section several large plate-glass win
dows were broken, signs and fences
laid low, and several big chimneys were
also blown down, damaging the dwell
ings of which they were a part.
MILTON, March 10.— Showers, ac
companied by thunder and lightning,
prevailed throughout this section last
night. To-day there was a high north
wind, which, coming scr soon after the
moisture, is doing serious damage to
growing crops. More rain is apparent
ly needed here. •
SANTA CRUZ, March 10. — An unusu
ally strong wind blew to-day. The bay
■was very rough. No damage was done
beyond the blowing down of a fence on
the carnival grounds.
BUISUN, March 10.— A strong north
wind began to blow throughout Solano
County last evening, and as night ap
proached it increased in fury. The
hurricane was the most severe one ex
perieced here for many years.
Considerable damage has been reported
from various sections. Several wind
mills and barns were blown down and
considerable damage was done to fences
and trees. Many persons in this city
left their residences and sought shelter
In safer places.
FRESNO, March 10.— A heavy rain
fell here last night, which settles the
question of the wheat crop. Wheat is
in excellent condition and has not ac
tually suffered for want of rain this
season. The rain of last night will tide
It over for ten days or a fortnight. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
* | if Let WHISKY get the BEST
111 IN 1 of you. GETthe BEST of
UUII I WHlSKY, which is the
_^__ ■ GENUINE
, &r£k DISTILLERY
Sill \ BOTTLING OP
h^ mEIi OLD
*M PEPPER
ilk f™.
lllhK^Ste^u Pi i ° tt|ed and Di «" lled
f3&SS^§l^j' TAJ! E. PEPPER.
?'■' '^'■^rjfof^* *t^' 1 Under the same FOR-
V fe I—WJAJM»-"*"-"1 — WJAJM»-"*"-" • MULA for more than 100
t *Z.~ Wmlmtm ~'~' YEARS; is guaranteed
\i'VKZ:BSSSar:-:J ABSOLUTELY the
<r'; I'; *" jßi|Mj|iffiL ' PUREST and BEST in
Mm ■ r^ff^G^oNj^.^ : SAMPLE CASE $15
; Sent on trial. wh!ch.li if
W'illlma ■■mil iMHlfitf not satisfactory, can he
returned and money will
a*---*-, ■■.v^' be refunded. ■•:•■'
CARROLL sTCARROLL,
306- Market -Street,
■ '■ '' Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast. ,'' "'. .
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS. r
Wrist's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used I them for over : forty years to cure
■ SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. . Pimples
and purify the blood. ■ ■ , ■
Grossman's Sued Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them- ■
selves without the , least exposure, -change* of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine ? contains nothing of the : least ; Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price; Jl a bottle. * . ■: ■-.
| indications are that it will rain here
i again by Saturday, which will put to
rest the cry made about a poor yield
this year. The rain of last night was
general all over the valley. Fruit trees
are beginning to bloom and a frost at
! this time would do considerable dam
| age. The weather officials predict a
frost for Friday night.
SAN DIEGO. March 10.— Light show
ers commenced falling last night at 8
o'clock and continued at intervals
through the night. This morning the
wind veered from southwest to south
east and heavy rains followed at 9:30.
which continued with variable winds.
The storm from 5 o'clock last
nierht to S this morning was 1.90 inches
at Ouyamaca Lake in the mountains,
and still raining. In the city it is much
lighter.
LOS ANGELES. March 10.— Showers
which are general all over Southern
California have been falling since early
last night, and up to 12 o'clock noon to
day .4 of an inch has fallen in this
city. This makes the rainfall for the
season 4.7, which falls 7% inches below
the average. The March average is
2.98. The weather is still threatening
and gentle showers are of frequent oc
currence. The indications are that thp
storm will pass eastward to-night and
the weather to-morrow turn clear and
cold. Deciduous fruit buds are out and
a heavy frost, which is likely, will in
jure them.
SAN BERNARDINO. March 10.—
About half an inch of badly needed
rain fell to-day. Only six inches has
fallen so far this season, while 17 is the
average. The weather continues
threatening.
Directory or
jjrj , £ -^^^^S^S^'b) 1 TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
L ' nion s - & Transportation Co.
jffijAssBr TO KOTZEBLfc SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
r^ s; *M™ii COPPER RIVER ' DYEA AND
f iff v wTßgnm F " r Passage and freight apply to
V<L v^T)j!OK o |Pa UNION SHIPPING AND THANSPORTA-
7^^ggpxi.jia|BaHHßr TION COMPANY, 21 Market street.
//^vw \S^i California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
/// \^//l3m' -■• Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
l'lnfi*xr '*v'- < (now building), for Davrson City, via St.
/ 1/lJ '1 Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
/. ' <J baggage free.
Frelerht 10 cents ncr notinri. 1
TRANSPORTATION^^
SAFE FAST STEAMER
HUMBOLDT
Will Sail Sunday P. M.. March 13, for
DYEA And
SKAGUAY
OfLnAlUrl'l-
'. • ■• > - • '■-■.•■
DIRECT.
Receive freight Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
| Pier No. 3, Washington st. Wharf.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
?'"r'■•*-"? '"r '■•*-"' Agent, 310 Clay St.
HO! FOR DAWSON!
On or about May 1, 1898, the American bark
ALEXANDER McNEIL will sail for St. Mich-
ael, connecting at the latter point with the
Pacific Coast Commercial Co.'s new , dispatch
river steamer Bessie H. :
For further information call on or .address
PACIFIC COAST COMMERCIAL COMPANY
• A. H. HERRIMAN, Agent.
201 Front St., San Francisco.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1898. Fare,
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California St., San Francisco.
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, 201
Front St., San Francisco. - ' '
Al CLIPPER BARK,
" northern LiIQHT,"
Captain Joseph Whiteslde. .Commanding. ...
. -: ,-;■ Will Sail for .
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
MAYIO- - - - 1898.
Passage $200, including 3000 lbs. baggage.
$50 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1, 1898.
!• Address CAPT. B. COG AN,
44 East St.. San Francisco. .
BIRCH Creek district ; now . nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and just as rich
as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; loOOx
100 feet: our new modern; steamer, Alice
Rix, stops there going to Dawson City; our
book. free. Alaska Transportation Co., 224
Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House. >
A card engraver and designer who lives in Brooklyn, says:
** I work steadily all day in a downtown office in New York.
Often when I get through at night, I am tired and faint at my
stomach. I suppose my stomach is tired too. Anyway I feel
hungry and I am apt to eat too much supper, and the conse
quence is I frequently used to have a bad stomach all night
and a head on me the next morning. But I have lately found
that if I take a
RIPANS TABILE .
after my supper, it digests all right. Whenever my stomach
has extra work to do, the Tabule takes hold and helps like
a hired man."
DUFFY'S PURE
torliedicinaluse
NO PUSEL OIL
At this time of year it is
especially valuable. It pre-
vents pneumonia, cures
grip and keeps the body in
a good state of health. In*
sist upon the genuine from
your grocer or druggist.
Send for pamphlet.
DUFFYMALTWHISKEYCO.
Rochester, N. Y.
Their powerful new river .. steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUISON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, ; and elec-
tric lighted " throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, . free. Also steamers
to Dyea and ■ Skaenay. ■ .
MINING SUPPLIES.
wTw^ONTAGUE^C^,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINES
339 HOWARD STREET,
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
SLEEPING BAGS.
krONmKE"SLEEPING"BAGs!
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag mads
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. 3H Spgar St., San Francisco.
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. ' & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deail
ers. are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out o*
buildings: are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic '■ does, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats can ba
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
~~ ; MEDICINES.
DON'T GO TO THE KLONDIKE
OR i anywhere else without a * supply of
PRATT' ABOLITION OIL, the never-failing
remedy . for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lama
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists.
504 "Washington st.
LIME CORDIAL.
Lime Cordial especially prepared for th«
Alaska, etc., trade. Preventive and cure for
scurvy, etc. .- LUKE G. SRESOVICH & CO..
Agents. 521 to 625 Sansome st., . San Francisco.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
P!!'-er firmer.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced
Oats higher. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay advanced again. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans as before.
Good prospects for Wool.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables still declining.
Butter weak. Cheese lower and Fggs ttteady.
Poultry pojnß down.
Game very dull.
Mexican Limes lower.
Dried fruits still stagnant.
Provisions very dull.
LambH lower. Mutton firm.
Hops weak. Beef steady.
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The steamer from Sydney on Wednesday had
£300,000 in English sovereigns, which have 1
t,p.p n S ent to the Mint lor recoinage in Amert- j
rnn money. The result of the remelt will be j
$1,459,800 in our money. This makes $15,795,500
received from Australia since August, is*?. ;
M st of the recoined gold has been sent to
New York, and the remainder will follow.
THE WEATHER.
The conditions which have prevailed over
the State thus far this year were reversed yes
terday. While a drvlng north wind blew over
the northern half there was a rain of .03 to
.43 inchps in the San Joaquin, .10 to .18 along
the southern coast and .50 In Southern Cali
fornia. This confused operators on 'Change,
but the tendency in values of cereals was up
ward and Hay recovered the ground lost two or
three days ago.
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
The following 1b a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the Treasury of the
United States at the close of business. Feb
ruary 28. received from Secretary Gage: In
terest bearing debt, J547.366.650; debt on which
interest has ceased since maturity, $1,327,670 26;
debt bearing no interest, $386,974,069 64; certifi
cates and Treasury notes, offset by an equal
amount of cash in the Treasury, $585, 252,938: ag
gregate of debt, $1. 820. 921, 352 90. Compared
with the statement issued January 31, the
figures show an increase of certificates and
Treasury notes amounting to $4,039,000, and an
Increase in the aggregate debt of $4,135,165. The
cash I" the Treasury at the date mentioned
web: Gold, ?2'i4.063.&71 24; silver. $511,858.834 87;
paper, $107.564. &5S S3; bonds, minor coin, frac
tional currency* etc., $33,084,002 03; aggregate,
766 97. The rash balance in the Tn?a»
ury January 31 was $223,871,786 26. and on Feb
ruary 2-> $225.54tC203 85. showing an increase
during the month of $1, 6^2,417 59.
THE WOOL TRADE.
PROSPECTS ARE GOOD FOR SOME TIME
YET TO COME.
From the annual Wool circular of Jacob
Wollner the following Is taxen:
"Fall Wool — Frll wools began to arrive
freely in September and found a ready market.
A pood many mountain wools were bought up
in the country at from 9 to 12 cents, or on a
scoured basis, from 40 to 45 cents. The market
whs very lively until about the Ist of Novem
ber, but since then 'V« ■ little wool has been
selling, except what local woolen mills have
bought, who are all actively employed on Klon
dike goods, which requires a great deal of
wool as mostly heavy weight goods and blank
ets are made for that trade. All the woolen
mills on the coast are actively employed and
have orders which will keep them busy for
five or six months to come.
"Eastern and European markets— ln the
East, with the exception of a week in Decem
ber, the market since the Ist of November last,
lias been very quiet. The sales from January
1 to February 28 show a falling off of an aggre
gate of 4'" per cent of the sales for the same
period last year, although the mills are con
suming twice as much as they did last year for
the same two months. In January and Feb
ruary. 1>:»7. the sales amounted to 52.141.700
pounds, this year to 32.459.t80 pounds. It is
accounted for by the fact that the mills are
using the purchases they made in the early
part of last year. The mills are all working
on orders from three to six months ahead, and
at a good profit, even at the prices wool sold
at in October last, when the highest prices
were palfi for wool since May 1. 1593. At pres
ent the Eastern markets are all reported
stronp. with very little selling, but with pros
; >t a lively business in the near future.
Europe :s reported very strong for all fine long
staple wools, with good demand and advanc
ing prit ea.
"Prospects — By personal observation in Eu
rope and in this country, and from reliable
information from the principal wool markets
and manufacturing centers, 1 adduce that the
supply ol wool, especially the fine long staple
grades, is very scarce. That class of wool
will fee wanted In Europe to such an ex
tent that America will not be able to Import
it except at a very great cost.
"In this country the stock of foreign and
domestic wool in the hands of mills and deal
ers was estimated at three hundred million
pounds on January 1. 189 S. Rut with all the
mills runnlnK, as they are now, and using
over twelve million pounds of wool per week,
it cannot lake long to use up the wool. And
■with the diminishing clips in Australia owing
to the drought and the loss of sheep and re
duced production in South America and the
ther- is every prospect that wool will
command a pood market at fair prices, espec
ially the lone staple fine wools.
"There will be more difference in the prices
of long staple and short staple, defective and
free wools, than there has ever been, owing
to the fashion and style of goods wanted.
■With all the vicissitudes that sheep men have
ntend with, wool raising In the United
will be a most profitable business for
•ome time to come."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at -tation Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the
amount of . rainfall, of melted Enow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure. Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word '"high" means high
barometric pressure and is usurlly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on th* Washington coast. . When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
'along th« coast, and. the isobars extend north
end south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im- 1
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, -and the pressure- falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. _____
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Vf. SAN FRANCISCO. March 10. 6 p. m. '
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal .rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of .the same dat«
last season : . •
Past This Last
Stations — , 21 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..." 0 26.83 , 40.98
ned Bluff '.i 0 12. "7 22.53
Sacramento 0 '8.55 15.37
San Francisco ..'..'...". <.. ". 7.45 ' . :n.6K
Fresno 0.02 3.4S 0.25
San Luis Obispo ......... 0.12 6.27 19.74
Ix>s .-nireles O.M) 4. Ml . 16. 1S
San Diego 0.46 3.64 . 10.91
Vumi <U0 1.37 D.31
San Francisco temperature: i Maximum, 62;
minimum, -.9; insan, . r C.  •■<"■••• .'
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
# ' . FORECASTS.
The storm was central last night over South
ern California, and is moving slowly southeast,
and Is central to-night over Arizona. The pres-i
t-.rr- has riser, rapidly over Utah, Nevada and
Northern California." ' "* : . " "■".." ' ' ■
the ««moeraturo lias fallen over Arizona and
Southeast in California.
Generous rains have fallen in Southern Cali
fornia and Western Arizona.
The following maximum wind -velocities are
recorded: . Eureka, 36, . northwest: Red BhiU
SO, north; Sacramento, 42, north; Yuma, 26,
southwest. '
•A thunderstorm Is reported at Yuma.
ForecHsts .made at san- Francisco for. thirty
hours ending midnight, March 11, 1898.
Northern California— Fair. Friday; fresh
northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, Friday, with
showers early Friday morning In southwestern
portion: continued : cold . weather; northerly
changing to westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday; warmer in western
P °Utah-^Cloud>- Friday, with light snow early
Friday morning:: warmer north, Friday night.
Arizona — Rain Friday; continued cold
weather. • _.
San Francisco and vicinity- Fair Friday,
northerly winds diminishing in force.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at op. m.: Wind, north. 36 miles per hour;
clear: temperature, 51; maximum, 52.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 10.— To-day's stock mar
ket showed a further contraction in the vol
ume of dealings and an apathetic tone to the
trading, which Indicated the prevailing dispo
sition to refrain from speculative activity un
til conditions become more settled. There Is
continued uneasiness regarding the Cuban situ
ation, which finds its reflection In the large
offerings of securities on any substantial ad
vance. It Is the evident belief also that the
present conditions, so far as they are known,
do not warrant a further violent decline in
prices. There was a strenuous attempt In the
early (tenting* to-day to mark up prices, with
the purpose of pinching small bear traders,
and also for the purpose of realizing at the
higher level. This maneuver, which proved so
successful yesterday and Tuesday. brought
euch abundant offerings that it was soon aban
doned, and the bears retained control of the
field for the rest of the day. A small amount
of arbitrage buying for London account aided
In the early resistance to the decline and the
strength of special stocks tended to the same
end. The unsettled and uneasy tone. on foreign
exchanges, especially the weakness of Spanish
4's In London and Paris, helped materially to
defeat the efforts to advance prices. The con
tinued influx of gold failed to have any effect
in sustaining the market. Neither did it save
the foreign exchange market from falling an
additional fraction. There was a perceptlbly
easler tone In the rates for call money and
Inane at the close were made at IVi per cent.
Lenders are still loath to make time loans.. A
large part of to-day's selling was attributed to
Washington. There Is no doubt that the bears
employed the usual channels for Washington
selling for the sake of effect, and they accom
panied It to-day by the circulation of sensa
tional rumors regarding developments in the
Cuban situation. Because of last week's Wash
ington selling, previous to the publication of
the news of General Lee's requested recall, the
market Is extremely sensitive to any demon
stration from that quarter. To-day's net de
clines are about a point or over all through the
list and effectually wipe out the disturbance
of yesterday and the day before.
Bonds were weak throughout the day in sym
pathy with stocks, the speculative Issues lend
ing the decline. Total sales. $1,665,000. United
States new 4-'b and 4's coupon advanced i£ and
the s's \i.
NEW i'ORK, March 10.— Total sales of stocks
to-day, 283,400 shares. Including: Burlington,
26.275: Louisville and Nashville. 5975: Manhat
tan, 18,186; Metropolitan. 4790; Missouri Pacific.
4937; New York Central, 6257; Northern Pacific.
8775; do preferred. 1S.01S: Rock Island. 6635; St
Paul, 26.J75; Vnion Pacific, 4700; Tobacco, 35,-
BS9; People's Gas, 8675; General Electric, 3195;
American Sugar. 33.585.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlnon 11% St P & Om ...... 68%
Do pref 25>i Do pref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 16% St F M & M.... 128
CAnada Pacific ... SO Y So Pacific 16
Canada Southern. 47% So Railway 7%
Cent Pacific 12 i Do pref 26
Ches & Ohio .... 19 Texas & Pacific. 9%
Chi Alton .... I'm Union Pacific ... 26
Chi B & Q 91 iU P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111...... 64% Wabash  6%
C C C & St L.... 2S Do pref 15%
Do pref 75 Wheel & L E.... 174
Del &-Hudson . . 109 Do pref .-....:.. 9%
Del ,L.& W 150% Express ..Companies—
Den & R G 11 Adams Ex 102
Do pref 44%- j American- Ex ... 122
Erie (new) . 12% United States ... 41
Do Ist pref .... 34% Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne 169 . Miscellaneous— /
Gt Nor pref 151 A Cot Oil ....... 17.
Hocking Val ■ 6 I Do pref 70%
Illinois Cent ' 99% Amn Spirits .... 7%
Lake Erie & \V.. 14 Do ttref IS
Do pref 6SVi Am Tobacco 93%
Lake Shore 188 • I ■ Do pref 113
Louis & Nash ... People's Gas 90
Manhattan L 100% Cons Gas 181
Met St Ry 140% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Cent 103% Col F & 1r0n.... 19
Minn & St L.... 25Vi ! Do pref 78
Do Ist pref .... 84 Gen Electric .... 31%
i Mo Pacific 25% Illinois Steel .... 47
i Mobile. & Ohio .. 27% Laclede Gas 42
I Mo X & T 10% Lead 30
Do pref ........ 33"* Do pref lO3'<,
Chi Ind & L...: 7Vi Nat Lin Oil .... IS 1 *
: Do ■ pref 26 Or Imp Co 24' 4
N -J Central . : 91% Pacific Mail 25V4
NT Central .... 111 Pullman Pal 174
N V Chi & St L.. .18% Silver. Cert ...... 54%
i Do Ist pref 63 Stand R & T.... 33 1 *
Do 2d pref .... 'Mi\ 2 Sugar : 123v>)
Nor West 12% j Do pref 111*4
No Amer Co .... -MfclT C A 1r0n...... 19%
|No Pacific 21% US leather ..... 6%
! -Do pref 60 Do pref 60%
Ontario & W.... 14% V S Rubber 10-ri
Qr K• & Nay 45 Do pref C 4
Or Short Line ... .29 ■ West Union 85%
Pittsburg 169- C & H W 11?%
] Reading 17% Do pref 17-1--.
Do Ist pref .... 40 . St L & 8 W 4
Rock Island 81%. I Do pref .... 5^
St L & S F...... -6% R G W 23
Do Ist pref 56 • Do pref f7
Do-2d pref .... 25% Chi G W 10
St Paul .......... 90% Haw Com C 0.... 29%
Do pref :... 145%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 43 reg.. 123% ! N J C 5s 112
Do coup 123% S Carolina 6s ... 125
v S 4s .......:.... iio>4 Do 4s ■ ...: 103
Do. coup 112 No Pac lsts .... IIOV2
Do 2ds ys% ! Do 33 59
U.S. 5s- reg in' a Do 4s 84&
Do 5s coup .... 111% X V C & S L 45.. 105
District 3.65s '117 Nor & W'C5...... 125
Ala class A .... lOS'^ North w&trn cons. 144
Do B ...:.. 107 ! Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 100 10 Nay lsts 113
Do Currency ...100 O Nay 4s .... 94%
Atchison 4s *3V* O S Line 8s tr.... 121
Do adj 4s ...... 57% P S Line 5s tr.... 100
Can So 2ds ...107%- D Imp lsts tr 10.'
Chi Term 83 Do 5s tr-.; 55%
C-& Ohio .... 115 i Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
C H & D 4%5... 104% Reading 4s ...... 82
D & R G lsts .. 110 RG W lsts'.:.... ' 81%
D-& R G 4s .... 90 : H L & I M C 55.. 89
East Term lsts .. 106 S L & S F G 65.. 119
Krie Gen 4s ....... 69% St P Con 141
FW & D lsts tr. 70 St PC & P lsts. 121%
Gen Elec 5s :... 101U ! Do 5s 116
GII& S A 65.... 104 So Ry 5s 9014
Do 2ds 104 Stan R & T 65.. 56
H & T C 5s 109 irenn new set 3s. S3
Do con 6s 105 )T &P L O lsts.. 95%
lowa C lsts 98 Do R? ids .... 32%
Kan P Con tr.... 101% iU P D & G lsts.. 54%
X Pac Ist DD tr. in 1 , With Ist 5s .; 106
La new cons 45.. 100 1 i Do 2ds . 76
L & N Unl 45,.. 86% 1W Shore 4s 109%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries ■•.... GS
M X & T 235.... 59% Do deferred ... 4
Do 4s ; 57% U P pref 50
N V Central lsts. 11C 1 Do 4s 92
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30IOntario ....: .250
Crown Point- 10 Ophir ; :. 40
Con Cal & Va 70 Plymouth .......... : 08
Deadwood ...'..:.. 76 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry .. 12 Do pref .:.......• 00
Hale & Norors.. 1 30 Sierra , Nevada ... "90.
Homestake ... 37 00 Standard 170
Iron Silver 40 Union Con ....... 30
Mexican ■...;, 23 Yellow Jacket ... 22
BOSTON.
BOSTON, . March 10.— Atchlson. 11; Bell Tele
phone. 249; Burlington,' 90%; Mexican Central,
5%; San Diego, — ; Oregon Short Line, 30.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 10.— The Evening Post's
Tendon financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here remained quiet to-day during
the progress of the settlement. There were
no fresh political scares, but the markets were
weakened by the fears of the settlement to
morrow. Large losses have been made In
Grand Trunk! Americans, mines and Brazils.
The latter concern. Paris as well. Several
iiriiis are In difficulties, but I learn that the
largest will be helped over, and probably one
or wo small failures will be announced.
Americans were lifelessly dull for the rea
sons stated-
Gold Is In strong demand for New York at
77s 16Hd. Eagles will probably leave the
Bank of England to-morrow. Details of the
grold movement for the week show the ship
ment of 215,000 pounds to South America, the
sale of 50,000 pounds in American gold coins,
the receipts of 114,000 pounds from Australia,
and the purchase of 10,000 pounds In French
coins and of 92,000 pounds in Japanese coins.
Spanish and Brazilian stocks were sold
heavily from Parle at the close here.
CLOSE.
LONDON. March 10.— Canadian Pacific. S6;
Grand Trunk. 77*.7 7 *. Bar silver, quiet, 25 3-16 d
per ounce. Money, 2% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2'>,513 barrels; exports, 66,000 barrels. Dull and
easy.
WHEAT — Receipts, 77,700 bushels; exports.
95.123 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, $1 07%
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened easy
at %@%c decline under disappointing Liverpool
cables and favorable crop news. The under
tone was generally weak all day within a nar
row range Influenced by foreign selling and
prospective bearish Government report on farm
reserves. Prices finally broke under liquida
tion and closed %@%c net lower. March,
THE SAX FBAXCISCO C.ALL, FRIDAY, MAKCH 11, 1898.
$1 05VS1 06%; closed, $1 05%; May, $1 00 3-16<S>
1 00%; closed. $1 00%.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
I PETROLEUM— DuII.
1 METALS— Several departments showed irreg
1 ularlty to-day, with business on an unsatlsfac
| tory scale. At the close the exchange called:
1 PlGlßON— Warrants, dull, with $6 70 bid and
' $6 90 asked.
1 LAKK COPPER— Unchanged. $11 87^4 bid and
I $12 asked.
! TlN— Firmer. $14 35 bid and $14 45 asked.
I LEAD— DuII and easy. $3 72 V4 bid and $3 77^
asked.
SPELTER— Easy. $4 17Vi bid and $4 22^ asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for miners
; and sm»lters calls lead steady at $3 60.
■ COFFEE— Options opened steady with prices
unchanged, ruled moderately active with weak
. undertone, lack of speculation and unsatis
factory European cables. Closed barely steady,
: SWIO points lower. Sales. 17.500 bags, including:
May. $5 35. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet; No. 7 in
; voice, 6c; No. 7 jobbing, «M>c. Mild, steady;
1 Cordova. S'*!ffl6c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining. 3%c; re
fined, quiet: Mold A, 5%c: Standard A. sc:
1 Confectioners' A, fie; Cut Loaf, 5%c; crushed,
'"'V. granulated, oVjc.
BUTTER— Receipts, 1724 packages. Steady;
; State dairy, 13<&19c: Western creamery. 16((J>20c:
; Elgtns, 20c: factory. ll<Slsc.
EGOS— Receipts. 11,850 packages. Steady;
i State and Pennsylvania, lIiJUHc; Western,
10% c; Southern, 10%@llc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March 10.— California drted
fruits steady with a fair demand.
I EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. s@Sc;
I prime wire tray, SHS^c; wood dried, prime,
! S>,»<ij!>Hc; choice, B%c; fancy, 9V4@loc.
PRUNES— 3<SB%C
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 6M.@7c; Moorpark, S%@
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s®9c; peeled. 12@19c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
I CHICAGO*, March 10.— Dullness as marked as
at any tlma during the holiday seasons marked
j the opening In wheat. There was a. good deal
' of uncertainty regarding , the figures on farm
i reserves in the forthcoming Government crop
' report and traders as a consequence were un
' willing to go deeper either way than they were
I already. This feeling. in I fact, was marked
! throughout the session, and the market at no
time exhibited any real degree of activity. The
start was easier. Liverpool cables were disap
' pointing, showing about %d decline. News from
■ Washington regarding the Spanish complica
tions were also of a more disturbing character
and another big addition to the stocks of con
' tract wheat at Chicago was reported. July
opened at 90%<i?90%c and May %c lower at
$1 04%. For nearly half an nour prices, kept
within a %c radius. Then, helped by an Im
: provement in corn which took place about that
time an.l also by the predictions of freezing
■ weather over the West and Southwest, prices
i Improved a trifle. It was but temporary, how
i ever. Though no ■ selling pressure of conse
1 quence developed there was for the rest of the
I session almost an entire absence of buying or
! ders for July, and that delivery slowly but
surely, gravitated toward a lower level. May
\ for some time held fairly firm, traders being
i apparently afraid to sell that delivery, but the |
1 weakness In July finally encouraged them and I
I offerings became free enough to cause a drop
to $1 04. July declined to 90Vs<* and closed at i
; 90V»2?90%c May wound up at $1 01.
j Corn was under the Influence of the Govern
, ment crop report. Wet weather probably af- I
fected early buying a little. May closed •%c
: higher. .'."--.■
There was only a small scalping trade In
oats, ' with prices keeping within %c range.
! The dullness was due. to the Government re
' port. May closed %c lower.
Provisions were rather . Inactive, but fairly '
steady. At the close May pork was 2%c lower. ;
May lard a shade higher and May ribs a shade 1
, lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
• Wheat No. 2—
i May 1 04% , 1 04% 104 104
i July 90% 90% 904 90%
I Corn No. —
1 May 30% 30% 30% 80%
July 314 31% 31% 31%
Oats No. 2—
May 27 2TV» 26 . 26%
i July 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 10 30 10 37% 10 25 10 27%
j July 10 32% 10 42% 10 32% 10 32%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
I May ..5 22% 5 -'5 5 22% 5 22%
' July 5 27% 5 12% 5 27% 530
Short Ribs, per 100 IDs-
May 515 5 17% 6 1214 515
I July 5 2214 525 52" 520
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 2 Spring Wheat. r«2<i!'4c: No. 3
Sprlne Wheat. <*4c)ffsl: \i. 2 red. $1 o«tf?
$1 02i»; No. 2 Corn, 29% c; No. 2 Oats,
2G-V ■; No. 2 White, f. o. b.. 31c: No. S
White, f. o. b.. 2S^t;2nc: No. 1 Rye. 49 V>; No.
2 P.arley, f. o. b., 34<g4Oe; No. 1 Flax Se<»d.
$1 17: Prime Timothy Seed. $2 S»0; Mess Povk.
per barrel. $H' 27ft 10 30: Lard, per 100 pounds.
Jr. 17U'a5 20: Short Ribs -lies ilco* ». J&SM 30;
Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). IV/V.e; Short
Clear Sides (boxed). $5 2. 7 ,<?i5 4."; Whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 lsU.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34.000 44.000
Wheat, bushels 60.000 138 000
Corn, bushels 4:>5.000 257.000
Oats, bushels 233.000 409.00(i
Rye bushels 11. "00 3.006
Barley, bushels 49.000 31.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13@19c;
dairies, 11<<?17c: cheese, quiet, )> aS-~.c; eggs,
steady, fresh, 10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipmts.
• Cities— Bushels. ' Bushels.
Minneapolis ;.. 159,800 71 710
Duluth 81,203 - 7.951
Milwaukee 33.801 ' 8.600
Chicago ... 60.437 137.671
Toledo 2i. lot 9.500
St. Louis 24,003 4,000
Detroit 14.142 1.499
I Kansas City " 30,000 20,000
Totals 432.546 274,931
Tidewater — ?.> :; • C
Boston . 11,906 ' •.
New- York "7,700 98.123
Philadelphia ..:...'. 13,057 3.401
j Baltimore 31,818 16.000
New Orleans ......
Totals ......'..*......■... 134. 117,523
PARIS FUTURES. " '
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 617.'. 69 40
Closing-..........'. 6195 59 50
Flour— ■ / . ■ •,■•■■•
Opening ....' 28 63 . 27 75
Closing ......: .2S 73 £7 50
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
,'•;"--■!.". March. .May. July. Sept. Dec.
-Opening .....7 10% 7 "•% 7 2 6.8 6 7
Closing 7 10%' 76% ' 7 ITs 6 S'.S 67%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 10.— CATTLE— The . greater
part of the Cattle crossed the. scales at $4 £>@
5 10; prime, $5 25@5 65; canning cows, $2 5008;
I fat cows and heifers, $3 50<34 40; bulls, $2 60@
i 3 85; calves were unchanged. ■;
HOGS— Were , 2%c higher. Poorest to best,
1 $3 70®4 07%; bulk, $3 So#3 95; pigs, $3@3 90.
SHEEP— in demand at $3®3 50 for com-
I mon flocks up to $4 70 for prime, fed Westerns
selling chiefly at $4<3 4 50: yearlings. $4 50«j5; mi
i ferior to prime lambs, $1 25©5 50, not many go
ing below $5. ■>/.
. Receipts— 8000; Hogs, 22,000;* Sheep,
i 11.000. /
KANSAS CITY. '
KANSAS CITY. March . 10.—CATTLE—Re
! ceipts, 4500. Market active and strong. Ordi
| nary dressed beef steers, $3 So@4 40; chqice ship
pers, S5 25®5 50; bulk, $4 ISOS 10; native cows
I and heifers, J2 5004 60: Western fed steers. $4
©4 6:",; cows. $3@3 SO; bulls, . $3@4; stockers and
feeders, $4515 20. ,
HOGS— Receipts. 11.200. Market steady. Bulk
of sales, $3 70<fj3 85; heavies and packers, $3*o
(S3 98%: medium and mixed, $3 75@3 65; lights.
■ $3 SOel 80: pigs, $3 25£3 65. V
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000. Sheep strong: lambs
barely steady. Fed Western • muttons largely i
I M 1094 40; ■ Western yearlings, $4 50<S>4 65; fair 1
Western lambs, $5 1098 20.
OMAHA.
I OMAHA, Neb., March CATTLE—
I ceipts, 2300. Market steady; for best; others
■ slow and lower. Native beef steers, $3 Ss@4 90;
i Western, steers, $3 60@4 60; Texas steers, $3 10®
I 3 80; cows and heifers, $3 10©4 10; canners,' $2®
■ 3;,'stockers and feeders, : $3 75@4 85; bull* and
! stags. $2 7O«§'3 '". ■ ,
' HOGS— Receipts, 4SOO. Market -5c higher.
! Heavy, $3 70!f?3 85; - mixerl.' $3 80: : light, $3 So@
3 87Vi ; bulk of sales, $3 80©3 82..
I -SHKKP— Receipts, 1200. Market steady. Fair
| to choice natives. $3 70<§'4 70; fair to . choice i
j Westerns, S3 50@4 50: common and stock sheep. |
$3@3 60; lambs. $4 2305 25.. '
DENVER.
DENVER. March . CATTLE — Receipts,
I 700. Market firm, with r strong demand; beef
steers. $3 60<f?4 40; cows. $2 6O®'4;. stockers. and
i feeders. J40 > 4 60. freight paid to river; calves,'
- $5 PO'Sfi 50; bulls and stags, $2 25@3 70. .. ..
■ HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market firm and -5c
higher; bulk of sales. J3 S2V,ffj > 3 85; light pack
: ers. $3 80@3 85; mixed. $3 75@3 80; heavy, $3 60(55
! 3 75. ' '■'. --■•■■ - : - ■ . ■ ■■■ ■-■'-■■
! SHEEP— Wethers, $3 85#4 30; ewes. $3 Ml
] lambs, $4 50@5 40. ________: " ■■T7.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. March -in.— Wheat,* quiet; Walla
I Walla, 75@76c; i valley,* 77®78c per. bushel.'
I Cleared— bark Auckland, for Queens
' town, with. 19,260 barrels of flour.
• .:. ;••■■;. .>• WASHINGTON.. - "■' : -i^-:.\
' TACOMA. " March 10. — Wheat,- unchanged,
j dull; No. 1 club, 74@75c; No. l.bluestem, 77@78c.
,']' CASH IN THE TREASURY.
: WASHINGTON, March .10— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury 1 shows:
Available cash balance, 257, 263 ; gold re
serve. $169,097,268. _________
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
: PORTLAND. 1 March - 10.— Exchanges. . $228,312;
balances, ?39,094. ___________ *
FOREIGN MARKETS.
' LONDON, ; March 10.— Consols] 111 11-16: : sil
ver, ;25 3-16 d; French rentes, 104f 2Oc@lolf 10c. ;
; LIVERPOOL; : March 10.— Wheat, ■ steady; No. !
1 standard California wheat, 3Ss 4%d: cargoes
Walla Walla wheat, 37s 6d: cargoes off coast,
more Inquiry; cargoes on passage, buyers ana
sellers apart: English country markets, quiet;
French country markets, quiet; wheat in Paris,
steady: flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight -"-•-• — ** £?
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... .• — *»f
Sterling Cables ..;...■..:........■..•• — * WjJ
New York Exchange, 5ight......... — . J?Vfe
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce..... — ..•'— ' °*'»
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Laomene takes for Cork 13,534
ctls, valued at $19,948.
Futures did better again, but there was no
change worthy of note in the spot market.
i Tidewater quotations are 'as follows: $1 40®
1 41% for No. 1. $1 42% for choice and $1 45<8>1 50
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls - May— Booo ctls.
$141%. December— $136; 6000, $1 34%; 12,
000. $1 34%; 22,000. $1 34%. .  „ .... :
- Second Session— December— 6000 ctls. $1 34%;
4000, $1 34%; 4000, $1 34%. . ™ „
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$1 34; SOOO. $134%; 12.000, $134%. May— Booo.
Afternoon Session — December— Booo ■ ctls,
$184%; 4000, $134*. May— 4ooo, $141%; 8000,
BARLEY— Rain in the southern part of the
State counteracted ■ some of the effects or the
norther which blew over the greater part of
California and thus checked what would other
wise have been a sharp rise In prices, bun,
futures advanced several cents, as will be seen.
There was .no change In spot values.
The Laomene takes for Cork 48,020 ctls Brew-
Ing, valued at $55,829. *».«.*
Exports from this port during the first two
months of the year were 2*51.617 ctls. valued at
$296,300, against 172.700 ctls. at $196,200, during
the same time last year. .'" . ...
Feed. $1 07%@l 10 for dark to good and $1 11%
@1 12%- for choice; Brewing,' $1 17%@1 20 for
No. 1; $1 12%@1 15 for dark Coast.
• CALL BOA Hl' SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls. 1
$1 08%; 2000, $1 08%; 18.000, $1 OS%. December— [
6000 99c. ■
Second Session— December-2000 ctls, 98% c;
6000. 98% c: May-6000. $108%.
Regular Morning . Session— May— ctls, |
"Afterno^' *Se°sskm-May-40p0 ctls.', • 11 OS%;
Afternoon' Session-May -4000 ctls $1 08H: 1
2000. .$1 08%; 2000, $1 08%; 20,000, $1 OS%. De
cember— 2000. 98% c: 2000, 98% c • ; ■
OATS— A fractional advance in most kinds Is 1
noted. The demand is fair and receipts are .
U Fancy feed, 27% per ctl; good to choice.
$1 2001 25: • common.- $1 16©1 I'%: Surprise.
$1 27%@1 32%; red. $1 86©1 45; gray. $1 lofl 20;
milling, $1 KOI 25; black, for seed. $1 36©! 50.
Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton over the raw
PI CORN— The market rules dull at about the j
old quotations. WIW P<>r ctl: large
Small round yellow. $1 100! MH nor Ctl: large
yellow. $1 05(^1 07%; white, $1 05@l 10.
RTE-Jl 0501 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7S(S ISo per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55@4 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour. J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
I Rice Flour. $5 75: Commeal. $2 25; extra cream
i do $3- Oatmeal, $3 ."0: Oat Groats, $4: Horn
inv, $3 lOet 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farnia. 54 B0; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oat? ibbls), $5 2u@o 60; In
sacks, $5 05©5 45: Pearl Harlev. $4: Split Peas.
$3 76; Green e Pas, $4 25 per MO lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is higher again, owing to the north wind
and lessening arrivals. Feedstuffs show no
change.
BRAN— sl6@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB!?i 22 GO per ton.
FEEDSTUFKS— RoIIed Barley, $24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 50@29 50:
lobbing. $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21 50®22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal. $25(&30 per ton; Corn Meal. $23®
24: Cracked Corn, $23 So@24 SO: Chopped Feed.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $16
@19 per ton: Wheat and Oat. $16«il»; Oat.
$15«16 50; Barley, $14f?15 50; compressed. $17
ill 1 '; Aifalfa, $10tffll 50; stock, fll<§l2; Clover,
$11 50« i 13.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
No further change In anything is apparent.
BEANS— Bayos, ' $2 90@B; Small Whites,
$1 55<S1 65; Large Whites, $1 55@1 65; Pinks.
$2 6002 60; Reds. $2(p: 25; Blackeye, $2 40«2 50;
Butters. $1 40@l 50; Li mas. $2 10@2 15; Pea.
$1 40&-1 50: Red Kidneys, $2 25££2 50 per ctl. :
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75(33' per ctl;
YeHow Mustard. J.^JSO, j Flax. $2 35: Canary
Seed. $2V'f2V per Ib; Alfalfa, $3@6c; Rape,
2%c: Hemp. 3c: Timothy, 5%0.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $160
<gl 90 per ctl. --■ .
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES. •'
Prices for Potatoes and Onions remain with
out change.
Vegetables continue to decline. Los Angeles
Is again sending in supplies...
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 63tf?75e; River Reds.
sOifr6oc; River Hurbanks, 55<?65c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 90c; Salinas Burbanks, UOc®
$110: Petaluma Burbanks. 60!p65c; Sweet Po
tatoes. 25<fif.Oc per ctl for Rivers and (S.".c'(i*l for
Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes. 3ff3l4cper lb.
ONIONS 12 40®2 50 per ctl: Oregon, $2 63@
2 86; cut Onons. *.' i 2 26 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipta were 247 boxes As
paragus. 357 boxes Rhubarb and IS9 sks Peas.
Asparagus. 95510 c per tl>. for " fancy. f©Bc
for No. 1 and 3£6e for No. 2; Rhubarb, 50c@
$1 ' per box; Alameda" Green Peas, SO3MtC per
rb: Mushrooms. 4@loci Marrowfat Sqt»sh. $25
030 per ton: Dried Peppers, "6@7c per lb; Dried
Okra r °lsc; Cabbage. 60®75c per ctl; Carrots, 25
<§60c per Back; Garlic. 3©4% c per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas. ;■ String Beans,
12-.c: Tomatoes. ?!al 50; Green Peppers, 30c per
It); Summer Squash, — -; Egg Plant. 1 So} per
lb: Hothouse- Cucumbers. 50cW$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, Bloced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs;- sliced desiccated, 161318 c; granulated raw,
13c- Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13e; new, Be;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, Me; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern came in yesterday after
nr.nn. and local stock was still weaker in con
sequence.
Game is getting to be a back number.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob- ;
blers an>l ll(f?12c for Hens; . dressed Turkeys.
ll@l4c per 1b; Geese, per pair, $1 '■<"« I 75:
Goslings. $2 25'g2 50; Ducks, $405 for old and
$6 '■<■■!", 60 for young: Hens, $3 BOOS; Roosters,
young. $6 B0@" 50: Roosters, old. $4@4 50; Fry
ers, $6<§6 -Broilers. $4@5 for large and $3^4
for small; Pigeons, $2#2 25 per dozen for young
and $1 25';/ 1 50 for old."
GAME— Gray Geese ?1 50: White, 60c: Brant.
75c(fr$l; Honkers, $2 5003; Hare, 75c; Rabbits, j
$I@l 25 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further decline in Butter, but it
is weak. Eggs are unchanged. Cheese is off
again.
BUTTER— ,' ''-^X'O
("reanvry— Fancy creameries, 17(fTlSa; sec- i
onds, K.@lfilAc. ■ . • !
Dairy-Choice to fancy, 15@16c; second j
grades, 14'gll-..c per lb.
[ Eastern Butter— Creamery, > 16@16%c; ladle- |
! packed, 14®15c per lb. -
! CHEESE— Choice mild new. 95?9%c: common i
to good: B#BHc; Cream Che<lilar. lOQUc; Toung j
America. 10-nilc; Western. ll#12c; Eastern. 12% I
'<i l3Hc per lb. •"- * I
EGGS— Ranch Eggs ll@l2o per dozen; store |
Eggs. Italic. '■ - . • .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
At auction Navel Oranges sold at 70c®* 1 25,
Mediterranean Sweets at $1 15,. Seedlings at Ma
<§ $1 06, Lemons at 65c@$l 25 and Grape Fruit
j at 60® 65c.
Mexican Limes are lower again.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— „ J,
Apples, 40(??E0c per box for common, 65g90c
for good to choice and $1f?125 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— .Oranges, $1500
3- Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins, - SI®"! 25 for
large and 50®75c for small, boxes: Japanese
Mandarins. $1.. i CO; Grape Fruit, $150(53
per box; Lemons, 73c^U for common and
$1 26©] 75 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
*r,i(.-, 50; California Limes, in, small boxes.- $lO
1 2.'.; Bananas, $1 25" 2 25 per ; bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen. .■ -. . '. •- .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED. FRUITS— carload ■ lots, 4Vt<3>
4%c for. 40-50 8, 3%ig>4l4c for " 50-60' s, 3H(g'3%c
for : 60-70' H. 2%@3Vi'c | for.'O-SO's. 2%@2%c for 80
90' 8, 1%(92'4c for 90-100' s; Peaches. 214@4c;
fancy, 4%@5c: peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, f.@6c
for Royals and 7@7&c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples. 6%#7V*c; sun-dried,
4<gsc; Black Figs. !. in sacks. 2@2%c; urns,
4V4@4%c. for pitted •-. and ---l@lV4c = for unpitted;
bleached Plums, 6@sVic: Nectarines, • 4@oc for
prime- to fancy: Pears, 2%<g »%c for i quarters
and »atUc for halves, according ;to color, etc. .
- RAISINS— I%@2c for ' two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3%c for four-crown, ~ 4%c for ■ Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are • -quotable at Sc per
lb; Walnuts. s«r6c-for hardshell and 6@7c for
sof tsholl ; ■ Almonds. 2%<g>3!4c for hardshell, s®<ic
for softshell and-'l^Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4<§sV,c for : Eastern and ; 4'*c r for ■■■ California;
Pecans, <V4@Sc; Filberts. S'-i©loc; Brazil Nuts.
MIC per lb; Cocoanuts, 14 f.o@s per 100.
■- HONEY— New Comb, S@loc for bright and 5@
7c for lower grades; new water-white extract
ed. 4'i@sc; light' amber extracted, 3?i(&4Vic
per IT).
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per It). v
■v. ;•;..;:;■ PROVISIONS.
'."i The 'cut ' In rates on .- the ,' northern railroads
has quieted this ' market j down considerably on
Alaskan account, and dealers report business
slack. No change In quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. -. 9\£c per !t> for
heavy, 9%c for light medium,, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and ' 12V4c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9per'bbl; extra
mess do, $10; family do, 1 $11@12; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, : $10; extra ; clear, $18;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef,ll@l2c per lt>. •
LARD— Eastern . tierces quoted at s^c per Ib
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, "tic;
California tierces, s^c per lb ' for compound
and;6%c for pure; half- barrels, 6?ic; 10-lt)
tins, "Vtc; do 5-Ib. Be. -■ ■. .
COTTOLENE— Tierces, '6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lt> pails, 60 in a case. 8"» c;
3-Ib pails, 20 in a case. S%c: 5-Ib pails, 12 in a
case, SVic; io-It> pails. 6 in a case, SHe; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; : wooden buckets,
20 lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, 7%c per It).
; HIDES, TALLOW, ".WOOL AND HOPS.
An exhaustive review of the Woo! market ap
pears in the first column.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
10% c; medium, SVic; light. 9c; Cowhides.
9@9%c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 10c; Calf,
lie; dry Hides, 17@17^ic; culls and brands, 13Vi
@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 14@15c; dry Calf. IS®
20c; culls. 16@17c; Goatskins, 30@37<^c each;
Kids, 5*5 10 c; Deerskhns, good summer, 25fg30c
per Ib; medium, 20c; . winter, 10c; Sheepskins
shearlings, 20@30c each; short wool, 40©70 c
each; medium. 70@90c; long wools, SOc&Sl 30
each. . • - - « T
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3'g'3»«.c per Ib-No.
2, 2@2V4c; refined, 6c; Grease, 2®2Vtc.
WOOL— Fall clip— Ban Joaquin, defective. US !
I 8e; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern. 12
@13c; do defective, 9@llc ■ per n>.
HOPS— crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and 8®
10c for good; new crop, Il@l4o per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Lamb is lower under, better supplies. Mutton
Is unchanged." Hogs are easy, but dealers have
to pay the quotations to get stock. Beef is un
changed. ■ ,f ■ - ;
Wholesale rates for. dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6%@7c; second quality.
6%<g6c; third quality. 4§'sc per lb. .
VEAL— Large, 6@6Hc; small, 7<gSc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9©9Vic; Ewes, 9c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring, 10@12Hc per Ib.
PORK— Live Ho 4"~c for large, 4V4@4^c
for small and i%<sA\c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@aVi(C; dressed Hogs, 6@7a per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel
lington, $10; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Coos j
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
land, $10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15: Cannel, $10 per ton;
Rock Springs, ' Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley. $9; Coke, $12 per ton' In bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western' Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms -net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C. sVic: Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 6V4c per
Ib; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. - . ■ -:■,:-.;■...,,■;
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, March 10.
Flour, qr sks ... B.S2S Ftraw. tons 5
Wheat, etle l.SS.'lEggs. doz 23.730
parley, ctls 885 Wine, sals 66,700
Rye, ctls 550 Lime, bbls 120
Cheese, ctls 357 Powder, cs 71
Butter, ctls MS Leather, rolls ... 140
Potatoes, sks ... 1,450 Hides, no 815
Bran, sks I.OH' Pelts, bdls 331
Middlings, sks .. 61.< Lumber, ft 40.000
Hay, tons U9 l
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 350!
AUSTRALIA.
Onions, cs 783
■» m ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks still drag along without note
worthy change. ,". r :
Occidental Is assessed 10c. . ! .: : Vi
The Potosi assessment falls delinquent In of
fice to-day. • •
The Natoma Vineyard : Company paid a
monthly dividend of S cents per Bhare yester
day..
The Eastern Dynamite Company will pay a
quarterly dividend of $1 per share on » March
17.
The Paraffine Paint . Company will pay »
Quarterly dividend of 25 • cents per. share on
March 29. ;■";.- :J-XV~:
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company
per share, payable March 1". *.;*•>
The Hilda Gravel Mining Company has levied,
an assessment o* 2 cents' peiVnuic, ueuii .-...
ArrU 9. ..'.:■ ■ '.: . " : *.-.., :;
The Calumet and Hecla Copper Mining Com
pany of Michigan has declared a regular quar
terly dividend of $10 per share, amounting to
$l,CoO,0«0, payable April 1, and making a to
tal of (52,850,000 In dividends since organiza-
tlcn. ■ : :.;-■;! ' ■ '
At the recently held annual meeting of - the
Bullion-Beck Company of Utah, -John Beck was
re-elected president, George Q. Cannon vice
president. W. S. McCornk'k treasurer. These
officers, with Simon Hamberg-=-r. Joseph F.
Smith, H. B. ('law son and Hyrum "Beck, con
stitute the Board of Directors, while Walter J.
Beatle is recretary. The output of the» Bullion-
Beck mine for the ten months it was in oper
ation during the year ISS7 consisted of 19.932
tons of crude ore, of a gross valuation of. $597.
192, and 2492 tons of concentrates, of the value
of 139,161, or a grand total of $636,353. The cost
of mining and milling ores, was $172,630, making
a total expended in the production of these
metals of $401, which left a net profit of
1234,863. During the year dividends amount
ing to $170,000 were . distributed among the
shareholders, and on December 31 last there
was In the treasury $64,865.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 10—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I • Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— • Oakland Gas.. 4S —
I4s quar coup. .lll — . I'ac Gas Imp.. — 91
4s quar reg..112% — | Pac L Co 54 55',i
4s quar new. ..123 — j 8 F G & E.... »1% 91%
Miscellaneous— dan Fran 3?i 4
1 Cal-st Cab 55. 11514 — Stock Gas 10 —
Cal El 6s IL'SW, — Insurance—
!C C Wat is... 10214 — Firem's Fund. l 93 —
Dup-si ex c. — 9SV» Hank Stocks—
X I, & P 65. .123 — Anglu-Cal .... t>4 70'
F & Ch'Rv 6s>. — 117 Bank ,1 Ca1. .24.7 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 105
H C & S 5%. .105 — . , First I. at ....200- —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Un F & A:.. 130 —
Do gntd Cs.; 97 - 100*4 Mer Kxchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat; 8...135" —
Do Ist M 55. 113 113% Savings Banks—
i Nat Vln 6s Ist— 100 . Ger S & L..1625 1665
N C Neßv 75.102 — Hum S & L.1030" 1160
N Ry Cal 6a..111Vi — ■ Mutual Say. 35-40
! N Ry Ca! 5a..102%103%" S F.Sav U.. 480 435
i NPC R R 65. 104% — , ■S & L 50.... — 100
iN P C Ry ss. 10014 — Security S B 250 —
! N Cal II 65.. — — • Union T Co. 1000 —
* Oak Gas 55.. .104 — . -Street Railroad-
Do Id is 55.. — 113. California .... 107%109
'Om Ry (is 127H130 Geary .. 40 —
! p & 6 63. 110 — Market-st .... 58% 54
P&Ch Ry 65.105% — Presidio .. 4** S%
Powell-st 6s ..117%— ' Powder—-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California 110 —
! Sac " Eleeßjrs«. — 100 E Dynamite .. 85 93
S F & N P 55.10614106\ Giant Con Co. 43*4 4314
iSPof Ar 6a. .104 — Vigorit S% 3%
S P Cal 6s — : 113 "Miscellaneous—
! SPC Is eg ."s.. — 99Vt Al Pac Assn.. 98 ?9
I S P Br 65.....112\4 — Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
!P V Wat 65... 118 — Hana P C 0... 20 —
S V AVat 45. ..102% — H C & S Co.. 305; Bt l i
i Stock Gas Cs.. — VSSPA Hutch S P Co. 44'«; 44%
■ Water— . . - Mer Ex Assn. 90 — -
i Contra Costa.. 55 65 Nat Vln C 0... — - 7H
; Marln Co .... SO — Oceanfc Co. 66% 67%
I Spring Vnl ...101 101% Pac A F L.. 1% —
I Gas & Electric— . Pac Bor C 0... 9«% —
I Cent Gaslight. WU, —"■ Par, Paint Co. 7 — •
| M E L Co 13H 14Vt
MORNING SESSION.
45 S F Gas & Electric Co 9137%
I do do b 3 :........ 91 37%
£0 do do . s 60..: .9125
25 Hawaiian Commercial ■& Sugar...... 31 124
125 do do 3100
140 Vigorit Powder .......;... 3 75
ISO do do ...... ..:....... 3 6214
1000 do do 350 ■
45 Hutchinson S P Co V .....45 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp ;..'.. 9100 ■:
; 3 •do " do. -.... .. 90 75
i 10 Giant Powder C0n'......."..'.. ;43 25
1 20- do do ....• ....43 00 :
50 Market-street Railway £4 00 ;
Street—
$5000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5a. ....113 25
: $SOOO Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds. 102 50
AFTERNOON- SESSION."
| $5000 Spring Valley 4s 80nd5....... 103 00
30 Spring- Valley Water 1 V.... 101 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 91 37%
25 Hutchinson 9 P Co 44 75 >
25 do do b 2... :...■. 44 62%
35 do . do 44 62%
375 Vigorit Powder .: ;.'...'.-.::. ;;.v. 3 6214
1375 : do do- 3 50
130 Giant Powder Con .... 42 50
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 25 -
35 do ,do 57 00 !
20 : do - do .;..... :........ 57 12V4
* - > Street— • .....•'. ... •.— -
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 50
' INVESTMENT . BOARD.
' . Mornlnc ' Session— lo:3o. :
100 Hawaiian C & S Co," b10*.... ......... 31 12H
I 75 Central Light and Power 8 00 .
25 do do .....'....... ...900
$3000 Oakland ' Gas, 2d issue. ......'..•.111 50
' • Street— .■'■■'". - ■: ' -.-■>•■■.• - • " ':
30 Hawaiian C & S Co, b 30.'.....:..... 3112%
.;20-I do do ' blO :..-..'...'.... ..'3IOO
.. 20 '". do do .. b3O 3100 .
Afternoon Session. ". :
70 Spring Valley Water ..'...^..... 10100 ■';
: 20 Giant Powder .;.....: ....43 25 ■
CO Vigorit . Powder ......................... 3 62%
•60 do do :..... .'.*..r.-...:... .:.:...; 3 50
.10 Central Light and Power ..... — .... 8 00 ;
$1000 Spring Valley 48 .-..■..-.. 102 87
, MINING STOCKS. • v /•;->:
; " Following • were '. the '■ sales *in ' the San Fran- ;
cisco Stock 'Board yesterday: ' . ;';_',
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 25 i 100 Ophir 44
400 26 700 Overman 11
SOO Con Cal & Va.. 77 &W Potosi 36
300 "S ! 100 Sierra Nevada.. 1 05
200 Gould & Curry.. IS 200 Yellow Jacket.. M
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 09100 Gould & Curry.. 1^
200 Best & Belcher. 3r r>oo Overman 11
100 Con Cal & Va.. 7S 200 Potosi 36
100 77:2f") t'n Km Con 34
300 Crown Point ... 14,200 Utah 12
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha 09 1 400 Overman 11
JOO A.ta 1511300 12
400 Belcher 26J600S B & M 05
300 Con Cal & Va.. 7M j 300 Sierra Nev ...1 02H
400 Crown Point ... 14:300 105
{<'*) Gould & Curry-- IS ;3CO Union Con 34
200 Julia 03! 400 Utah 12
700 Mexican 33 {200 Yellow Jacket... 2S
100 Ophir 45)300 27
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha OS 1300 Overman 12
700 Alta 15 100 Potosi 36
DOO 16 500 S B & M 06
200 Belcher 25 750 Sierra Nevada.. 1 05
fOO Best & Belcher. 31 100 1074
200Chollar 37 100 1 in
400 Con Cal & Va.. 7S 100 Union Con 34
1000 Con New York 03j700Utah 11
200 Gould & Curry.. 18 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 10—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 08 09 I Justice — 32
Alta 15 16 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 10 11 Lady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 24 26 Mexican 29 30
Beet & Belcher 31 32 Occidental 165 —
Bullion 09 10 Ophir 45 46
Caledonia 28 2> Overman 11 12
Chollar 36 37 Potosi 35 36
Con Cal & Va. 77 78 Favage 23 24
Challenge 26 2? Seg Belcher ..05 06
Confidence 65 7(>ipcorplon 06 —
Con Imperial.. — 01 ' Sierra Nevada. 1051 10
Crown Point... 14 laiEllver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. 02 03 [Syndicate 01 05
Exchequer OS 06 1 Standard 1751 85
Eureka — 20 ! Union Con 35 36
Gould & Curry. 18 19 Utah 12 13
Hale <ft Norcrs.l 40 145 Yellow Jacket. 25 26
Julia 02 031
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Percy W. Smith (by Ora C. Smith,
administratrix) to Joseph G. Denting, undi
vided 1-12 of lot on NW corner of Fern avenue
and Folk street, N 30 by W 110; $17al.
Fannie Reichenberg, Carrie Greenberg, .David
Kline and Eda Ickelheimer (Kline) (wife of
H.) to Reelna Kline, lot on NE corner of
Geary and Gough streets, X 27:ti by N 137:6;
$10.
Estate of Mary Toomey (by George H. Har
rington, administrator) to James Jervls, lot on
E line of Treat avenue, 220 N of Twenty-fifth
street, N 25 by E 112:6; $1525.
Mary S. Murphy to Eugene P. Murphy, lot
on NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Guerrero
streets. E 33:8. N 93:6, NE 10:3 Vi, E 46, N 4S;B.
B\V 113, S 75:3%; $10.
Archibald Barnard (as trustee of Leon R.
Myers and Carroll CooK) to Bank of Cali
fornia. 1671 d 257. lot on N line of Gold street.
155:2 E of Montgomery, E 44 by N 60, quit
claim deed; .
Leon R. Myers to Bank of California, same.
quitclaim deed; .
Max Strassman to Lucy Piluer (.wife of
Joseph), lot on E line of Larkin street, 50:6 S
of Sacramento, S 31 by E 100; $10.
Helen Van Winkle to Lawrence E. Van
Winkle, undivided 1-12 of lot on SE line of
Market street, 91:8 NE of First. NE 45:10 by
SE 137:6; flO.
Carmelita A. and Louis W. Cramm to
Amanda M. Goodwin, the undivided one-thir
tieth interest in the following: Lot on W line
•of Twenty-first avenue, 200 N of California
street. W 120 by N 25: also lot on \V line of
Twenty-first avenue, 225 N of California street,
W 120 by N 25; also lot on W line of Twenty
first avenue. 250 M of California street. W 120
by N X; also lot on W line of Twenty-first
avenue, 275 N of California street, W 12V by N
25; also lot on E line of Webstrr street, 3u S of
Pacific avenue, S 57 by E. »5; $10.
Roberta Corscaden to same, ..he undivided
one-thirtieth of same (5 pieces); $10.
C. F. Humphrey to C. B. Stone, lot on W
line of Fifth avenue. 300 N of D (or Fulton)
street. N 25 by W 120; $40.
Jacob and Lena Heyman (by Oscar Heyman.
attorney) to Mary Staehli, lot 532, gift map 3;
$10.
Same to same, lot 527. gift map 3: $10.
Alfred H. and Miriaiti Cohn to Louise Lando
(wife ai Meyer Lando), lots 33 and 34, block E,
Lakevlew; $10.
A. E. Hatt to The A. Hatt Warehouse and
Lumber Company (a corporation), all Interest
In lots 2o to 28. block 34, Fairmount; $10.
Joseph and Elizabeth Windrow to Olivia
Windrow, lot on S line of Trumbull < Lewis)
street.' 100 E of Craut. E 50 by S 110, block 7,
College Homestead; $lQf'O.
Rufus M. Grant to Elizabeth M. P.uck. lot
on X line of Bosworth street. To E of Marrlly.
E X \>y N 100, lot 20. block 1. De Boom Tract;
$10.
Romain C. De Boom to John Peerson, lot 14,
block 9. on Milton street, .same: $21".
Francois Sembertrant to Nellie Sembertrant,
lot <-,n PE corner of Woolsey and Princeton
Btr^'ts. B 1£" by S I™. lot S, block 73, Uni
versity Homestead: rift.
Alameda County.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association to
' Anna M. Pigott (wife of Robert), lot on NW
corner Blake street and Grove avenue. W 42.23,
N 130 E 81. S 130.31. to beginning, being lot
11 block E. Crystal Spring Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Wilholmine C. Hansen to Ellsebeth Becker
! and Mary Sander, lot on S\V corner -of • Goss
and Wood streets, W 105:7% by S l00:4V4, block
524. Oakland: $10. ■ „ „
! Amanda McClain (by tax collector) to M. Mc
j Cann subdivision A of lot 11. block 793, Watts
Tract," Oakland"; $6. ••
Eliza H. Scotcber to Hiram Pope, lot on S
line of Auburn avenue. 763.24 E of San Pablo
avenue, E 50 by S 151.57, being lot 42. Cogges-
I hall Tract, Oakland Annex: $10.
I John Mantz to Lena Mantz. lot on S line of
Taylor avenue, 270 E of Prospect street. E 25
by 8 143, being a portion" of lot 19. map of
Shepardson property, Alameda; also lot on S
line of Taylor avenue. 29". E of Prospect street,
! E 23 by S 14S. being lot 20. same; gift.
J. W. Bones to Samuel W. Bones, a parcel of
i land: bounded N by lands of the estate of J.
N. Webster, E by lands of Mary R. Luders, S
by lands of J. C. Ross and \V by '-Versailles
avenue, being a portion of block 105, Alameda:
I $250. • ' :
Arnold and Mathilda M. Koenig to Edward
i Iten. lot on \V line of Orange street, 175 S of
' Jones avenue. S 50 by W 150. being lot 9. block
20, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Jennie ; Jamleson to Theresa J. Merwin. lot
on E line of Prospect street, 150 S of Chicago
avenue, S 25 by E 113. being lot 13. block H,
revised map of Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
George B. M. and Alice M. Gray and C. W.
'and Emma H. Bolles to D. W. C. Gasklll, lot
on S line of Auburn avenue. 231 E of San
Pablo, E 231:8, S 151:7, lot 11, Coggeshall Tract.
Oakland annex: 510.
■Lydia . S. Barbour to G. A. and Martha C
I Rothamel, lot on SEline of Piedmont avenue.'
57.12 SW of Monte Vista. SK 100. S\V 56.29. NW
100, NE 56 to beginning, lots 61 and 62. Pied
mont' Villa Tract. ■ Oakland Township; $10.
Charles R. and Edith E. House to Nancy A.
Adams, lot 8, block 10, Herzog Tract, Oakland
annex; $10. ,
San Francisco Savings Union ■ to John and
Emily J. Kueffer, lot on •• W line of Louisa
street, 200 S of Oilman, S 60 by W ,135, block
17. property Berkeley Villa Association, Berke
ley: $10. ./.... . ,
Walter E. Magee to Genevra E. Ma gee. lot
14. block 4, Graves & Taylor Tract, Berkeley;
gift. ' ■ • ■ .
Frank W. Fuller to William F. Whlttier'
! undivided 1-24 interest of following: Beginning
■ at a point marked by a stake on SE line of
i Hay avenue, 50 SW from the intersection of
i said line with center lino of Central Pacific
Railroad Company's railroad track, thence SW
j 300, iSE 300. NE 300. NW 300 to beeinnlnc
Brooklyn Township: also lot beginning at E
corner of lands of Sextus Shearer, thence SW
523:4. SE 3.53, NE 453:6 to a point marked by. a
stake on SW line of Central Pacific Railroad
Company's track, thence NW 3SO to beginning
Brooklyn Township; $5. . " • ... .
George P. Fuller to same, undivided 1-25 in
j terest In same (two pieces), Brooklyn Town-
I ship: $500. .
Margaret H., E. F. W. P., F. W. and
I George P. Fuller and ■ Bertha A. Kinkelin to
j same, undivided- 1-24 interest In ■ same (two
j pieces), Brooklyn Township: $1. ■
, Margaret H.. W. P. and George P. Fuller to
I same, undivided 1-24 .interest in same (two
! pieces), Brooklyn Township; $1000. -
Builders' Contracts.
William A. :. Altddlehoff ' (owner) with C.
Schutt (contractor), architects Martens & Cof
fey, all work except draining, plumbing, gas
flttlng.' painting. Braining. mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for a three-story frame build
ing (eight flat? and four stores) on S\V corner
of I^apuna street and' Birch avenue. S 120 by
W 10: $10,900. . ...
Same with Alien ' & Looney (contractors),
architects same/sewering and plumbing; gas
fittinß, etc.. for same on same; JI7SS. • "
Same with Joe Stroetjren (contractor), , archi
tects same, painting, Kraininp, varnishing, etc.,
for same on same; $950.
Peter F. Dunne - (owner) .with Marcuse &
Rommel r (contractors), architect B. .E. - Rem
mel, all work for a two-story frame building
with attic and basement on lot on SW corner
of Cherry and Clay streets, S 40 by W 105-4-
JSSOU.
v ' . ■"-' =
THE CALL CM-EN DAB.
March. ISPS.
Su. Mo
I I
SB] 7 *
His" IT
20 21
27 ! 23
! !
(i
i
7
,15-
I 22
We
2
,s
10 ;
it:
: 24,
31
r»
<
ii
5
l'J
2K
< Moon's • Phases.
©. Kul! Moon,
■ Mara. ■;
irr Last I Quarter-
Vii. ' Mar. 14. V
! /Ol New Moon,
i W Mar. 22. - ; ?
! w
23 j
IS
a
• Quarter,
tar: at. ; '
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographtc
Office, located In the Merchants' Kxchan*e. la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tb«
office, where complete seta of charts ana sail
ing directions of the ( world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and ■ the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights', dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to <N-aii commerce. , .
The time ball on top or the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and is dropped • at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
A notice stating whether th» time ball waa
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. la
published? the: same day by • the a?',*rnooa
pupers. and by the.mornlne papers the follow*
Ins day. ■■' '■■ ■ ' ;W.S. HUGHES.
:. ,'. Lieutenant. V. S. X... In charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., - Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco; March
10 I^9B *■ * " ■ ' \"'"~ *
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at -noon to-day— l.c.. at noon of the
120 th "meridian, or at exactly S p. m Green
wich time. . " ■ S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In cnar?e.
SUN, MOON AND TIDK.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Publi?hed by Official Authority of th»
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at tort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAFCH-18ys.
Friday. March U.
Sun rises fi: ; s
Sun sets ■« : J*
Moon rises 1U:18
I Time B , pwt j Time
iL W IH W:
TTme, Feet
L Wl
Time- P(se6
H W!
:1S
lit:
W
L ' W
H W
U:3O
0:51
1:30
IH 1
•6
8:22
7:
8:1
NOTE.— In the above exposition of 'ho tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day In the order cf occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column (rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand i jlumn gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is aubtractlve from
the n>Tith elx-en hv the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
»ata icoob Bay -
f of Sydney . ! Panama ;..;.:
rth Forte.... IviumDoiat.
lllnpton . Departure Bay
mboldt. Alaska.. •-•-
umoia Portland
na....v China and Japan •
.lla Wa11a.... Victoria and Puget Sna.. .
mer I Newport ...
ita Rosa San Dle*o ' i .■
>^reao — :. . I Seattle :
I'amette ... Seattle
is Bay ..... Newport.....
Ip or Cat Portland.
eott Humboldt
nona .' San Dieero ..-
atllla Victoria & Pueet Sna
Mar
Mar
Mar
Mar
Mar
Mar
Mar
Mar
Mar
Mar
I Mar
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination!
Sails.
Orizaba.. •■
Weeott
Pomona
Humboldt.
Zealandla. .
Doric
City Puebla
Arcaiii
Columbia.
Samoa
Fulton
North Pork
Homer
Samu Rosa
Walla Wllo
Coos Bav-..
State of Cal
CltySydnoy
Mexico Mar 11.10 am
Humoldt Bay. Mar 11. '.» am
San Diepo Mar 1J 11 ay.
Alaska |Mar 12
Honolulu | Mar 12, 2p.vi
China&Japan. ;Mar 12, 1 P.uj
Vie &. Part Sna | Mar 12, 10 AM |
Coos Bay I Mar 12. 4 pm I
Portlana Mar n. 10 am '
Humboldt .... Mar 14. Kam'
1 Alaska Mar 15 I
iHumboldt Mar li. 9 am
: Humbolat Mar 1-^.lO ami
jSan Diesro — Mar 1«. 11
! Vie & P Souna Mar 17. 1U aji
Newport Mar 18.10 am
I Portland Mar IS. 10 a.m
IPanumu Mar IS, 12 v
Pier- a
Pier 13
Pier 11
I Pier 8
I Pier 7
PM S3
I Pier *
I Pier 13
Pier 2t
1. . ......
I Pier 30
Pier 2
I Pier 9
Pier 11
I Pier '.»
Pier 11
Pier U
PM SSI
SHIPPING :>'TELLIUGi>'CE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 10.
i Stmr Santa Cruz. Gielow. i>6 hours from San
! Dlfgu and way ports.
: Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 16 hours from
! Mendoctno.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 62V4 hours from San
Diegxrand way pvrt.<=.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Santa
i Cruz.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 85 hours fp>m
| Tacoma.
Ship Invincible, Hillman, 17 day» from Seat
: tie.
Bark Carrollton. Jones. 6 days from Seat
tle.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff, 4 days from Grays
Harbur.
Sehr Spokane. Jamieson. 6^ days from Port
I Gamble.
Schr Parkersburg, Nelson, 14 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 3 days from Tilla
| mook. J
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 3 days from < c §
! Bay. T
' Schr Marion, Genereaux, 4 days from Grays
I Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 12 hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Czarina. Schmalz, — days from Sand
, Point. Up river direct.
S.-lir Jennie Stella. Krebs, 14 days from
Grays Harbor.
Sciir italph J Long, 4 ! £ days from Siuslaw
River. •
CLEARED.
Thursday. March 10.
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter, Patterson, Santa Ro
salia; Felix Santallio.
SAILED.
Thursday, March 10.
U S stmr Marion, Book, cruise.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hail. San Pedro.
Aus stmr Burma, Mikulicich, Nanaimo.
Stmr Cleone. Walvig. Albion.
iir ttmr Bristol. Yates, Nanaimo.
Stmr State of California. Green. Astoria.
Schr La Chllena. Campbell. Fort Ross.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 10—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 milea.
CHAiiIKKS.
The Chil bark Elisa loads lumber at Che
mainus for Antafogasta on owners' account.
The Kate Davenport loads coal at Tacoma
for this port.
SPOKEN.
Feb 23— Lat 34 N, long 37 W, Br ship Scot
tish Lochs, hence Oct 30, for Liverpool.
Feb 25-Lat 35 N, long 34 W, Br ship Suth
erlandshire, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Feb 23— Lat 35 N, long 35 W, Br ship Croco
dile, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, March 9 — Explosion occurred on
Br ship Wendur at Swansea. Damage not as
certained.
Br ship Falls of Garry previously reported
ashore at Noumea is badly damaged.
Br ship Materhorn previously reported hav
ing grounded at Leith. collided with the East
River pier carrying off the lighthouse.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 10— Stmr Colum
bia, for San Francisco.
HUENEME— Arrived March 10— Stm Samoa,,
frmo San Diego.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 10— Stms Signal and
Tillamoi.k, for Dyea.
Arrived March 10— Tug Wizard, hence March
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 10— Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco.
TSAL— Sailed March &— Stm Newsboy, for Re-
TACOMA— Sailed March 10— Schr Zampa, for
San Pedro.
BOW ENS LANDING— SaiIed March 10— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
PORT LOR ANGELES— SaiIed March 10—
Haw stmr San Mateo. for Contox.
SAX PEDRO— Sailed March 10— Bark Cory
phene. for San Francisco.
T A TOOSH— Passed March 10— Stmr Albion,
from Portland, for Orca.
VENTURA— SaiIed -March 10— Stmr George
Locunls for San Francisco.
PORT HA RFORD— Arrived Harsh 10— Schr
Kxcetaior. from Port Blakeley.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 10— Br ship Lord
Shaftesbury. tor Queenstown.
Arrived March 10— Br ship Dovenhy Hall, frrn
Liverpool: Br stmr Puritan, from HTogo
VENTURA— Arrived March ft— Stmr Geo
Lfiomis.
POINT REVES— Passed March 10— Stmr
Newsboy, from I'sal, for Redondo
forek;n ports
NANAlMO— Arrived March B— Nor stmr
Tltanla, from Hiogo.
KAHULri— Sailed Feb 19— Bktn George C
Perkins, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 9— Br
stmr liraemar, ■ from Tacoma.
HCLL— Arrived March 3— Br ship Barfiltan,
hence Sept 15.
SlLLOTH— Arrived March 10— Br ship Inch
cape Rock, hence Xov S.
QTTBENBTOWN— SUIcd March 10— Br ship
Strathßryfe. for Dunkirk.
COLON— Arrived March &— Stmr Finance,
from New York.
VICTORIA— Arrived March s— Br stmr Xln&
chow. from Yokohama. March 7 — Br bark Fal
kirk. from Shanghai.
CORONEL- Arrived March S_Br stmr Tar
tar, fr«m Southampton, for Vancouver
KALMOTTH— Arrived March 9— Br shin
Falls of Dee. hence Oct 23.
SHARPNESS— Arrived March 9— Br shin
Leicester Castle, hence Sept 22.
TRANS-.Vi LaNTH m GAMERS
LONDON— Arrived March 10— Stmr Victoria, >
from New York. '
PENARTH-Sailed March 10— Stmr Nordland
for Baltimore.
GENOA- Sailed March 10— Stmr Fulda, for
QUEENSTOWN-Salled March 10— Stmr Ma
jestic, for New York.
HAVRE— Arrived March 10— Stmr La Bre
tagne. from New York.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed March B— Stmr Hekla
for New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAY DEPEND
ON PRIMARIES
One Set of Delegates Is
Wanted by Some
Politicians.
Others Desirs That the County
Fight Be Kept Apart From
That of the State.
W. W. Knickerbocker Says He Has
Not Expressed Anything
Official.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 10.
Alameda County politicians having
discovered that the only hope of send
ing a solid delegation to the State Con
vention consists in holding but one pri
mary are now waiting for the Supreme
Court to pass upon the Stratton pri
mary law. By this decision it will be
known whether the county central com
mittee or the Board of Supervisors
shall call the primaries.
Anticipating the defeat of the new
primary law, and in order to be pre
pared for any emergency, those who
■would like but one primary are already
at work on the county committee. It
la apparent that if there be only one
primary and the delegates to the State
Convention be elected at the county
convention, that if either of the guber
natorial candidates can secure a ma
jority, even of one, in the county con
vention, he would be able to secure a
solid delegation to the State Conven
tion. It is clearly the desire of some
of the county office-seekers who are lin
ing up behind Pardee to try and se
cure but one primary, but there is
great opposition to that scheme.
In this connection the following letter
was received here to-day from a mem
ber of the Republican State Central
Committee for this county:
Modesto. Cal., March S, 189 S.
In the Examiner of March C I find the
following statement: "A Bhort time ago
AY. W. Knickerbocker, who is one of the
executive committee of William R. Davis,
issued a statement in the Tribune in
which he advocated one primary election
for the selection of the county ticket and
suggested that the county convention
•which selected the county officers should
select the delegates to the State conven
tion and the Congressional convention.
This plan would give the candidate who
controlled the county convention the
privilege of naming all his own delegates
to the State convention as well as nam
ing the county nominees."
I desire to say that 1 have never made
any such statement in the Tribune or
elsewhere. On the contrary. I am per
sonally in favor of two separate conven
tions and that the contest for Governor
end Congressman should be kept entirely
separate from that for county officers.
By so doing I beliieve that we will get
better county officers, the people will be
hetter satisfied, and that the Republican
party in Alameda County will be greatly
Ftrerifirth.-viecl. I wish it distinctly under
stood that I am not speaking for Mr. Da
vis, nor for the executive committee. Re
spectfully,
W. W. KNICKERBOCKER.
The managers of Mr. Davis declare
that they are not attempting to capture
the machinery of the party, and will be
quite willing to abide by the decision in
I the matter of primaries, of either the
" county cc-mmittee or the Board of Su
pervisors. They disavow any desire to
combine with any candidates on the
county ticket, and declare that their
issue is clear-cut and as solely to try
and nominate the Governor. A meet
ing of the executive committee of the
Davis faction was held Saturday night,
and the members declare they are well
pleased with the outlook.
Candidates for county offices are
springing up daily from all over the
county, and combinations are being at
tempted in every direction. Almost as
much politics is being done as though
the election were only a week ahead.
PIONEER WOMAN DEAD.
Starting With the 111-Fated Dormer
Party, She Reached Here
in 1846.
OAKLAND, March 10.— Mrs. Mary E.
Calmes, the widow of the late WtUler
Calmes, died last evening at her resi
dence, 254 Twelfth street, after an ex- i
tended Illness from heart trouble. Her
health broke down a year or so ago. while
caring for two sons who died in this >
city.
Mrs. Calmes was one of # the earliest
woman pioneers in the State, having come
to California In 1848 with her father.
Major Stephen Cooper, who was the lead
er of a party, formerly a part of the ■
Dormer party.
Dr. H. B. Calmes of Portland. Or., ar
rived yesterday in time to be recognized I
by his mother, who had been anxious to ■
grepf him before her death. The other
members of the family are S. O. Calmes,
of the Tribune reportorial staff, Mrs. W. [
D. Wiley of Fresno and Miss C. V. '
Calmes. The deceased was a sister of !
Mrs. Amos Roberts of this city. She was
a native of Missouri, aged 63 years.
A Husband Sues for Support.
OAKLAND, March 10.— The suit of Fred
Klf-upfer Sr. against his wife, which was
given out yesterday as a divorce proceed
ings, was to-day made public and proves
to be a suit for maintenance. The plain
tiff avers that he and the defendant were
married April 10, ISG2. and have lived to
gether ever since. He claims that his
wife owns real estate In Merced County
valued at $3000, a promissory note of $10,
000, cash on hand $10,000, and personal
propert-- valued at $1500. He is 60 years of
age and is unable to support himself and
has no community property. He there
fore asks judgment for support or $o0 per
month and costs of this suit.
Alameda Board of Health Sued.
OAKLAND. March 10.— A suit was filed
this afternon by Antone Gonzalves of
Alameda against the Board of Health,
Health Officer and City Veterinarian of
that city. He alleges that in the fall
of ISM he owned three cows, the milk
from which ho sold, realizing an income
of $45 a month. On November 4 of that
year he claims Dr. Carpenter, at the re
quest of the hoard, "negligently inocu
lated the cows with a certain noxious
drug" as a test for consumption, and af
terward killed two of the cows, each of
which he believes to have been worth
$60. He asks JSOO damages for the loss
of his business and $160 for the cows.
Single Tax Advocate.
OAKLAND, March 10.— George Fowlds
of Auckland, New Zealand, a prominent
single taxer. is in the city en route to
London. Saturday evening he will deliver
an address at Hamilton Hall. This will
be an opportunity for all interested to
learn of the existing Industrial conditions
in New Zealand without cost.
Bench Warrant for a Debtor.
ALAMEDA, March 10.— Recorder St.
Sure ordered a bench warrant issued this
morning for the apprehension of one
Stever. a soapmaker, who had failed to |
obey an order of the court. Some time |
ago A. C Toye obtained a judgment ]
against Stever for $105 50 for house rent, i
which was not satisfied. He was sum
moned to appear and give testimony as to
the whereabouts of his property, but
failed to do so this morning, which was
the date set for his examination. Hence
the Issuance of the warrant.
FIGURES THAT
WERE WRONG
Auditor Snow Refers to
Assessments and
Taxes.
Why Oakland Suffers When
Compared With San
Francisco.
All the County to Be Heard in Re
gard to the Proposed Con
solidation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 10.
Last night's discussion of the city
and county consolidation matter has
led to the expression of general inter
est in the question throughout the :
county. For the first time the eastern
end of the county has been heard from,
and to-day Auditor Snow corrected a
few false impressions that have gone
out.
"If the division line as proposed by
the Board of Trade be accepted," said i
Mr. Snow, "it will leave an assessed j
value on this side of about $75,000,000, ;
and the county which would be on the
other side of the line would start out
with an assessed value of about $15,
000,000. The population of the city and
county of Oakland would be about 95,
000, and of the new county about 35,000.
The legitimate increase of the assess- :
merit of the city and county should be
about two millions a year for ten
years, and there should not be any in
crease over the present expenses. The
increase in value of the new county
should be very fast, as it would nat
urally grow on account of governing it
self.
"A great deal has been said about the
difference of taxation between Oakland
and San Francisco. At present the dif
ference is 42 cents, not'6o cents, as stat
ed last night. This is natural. It does
not show that government is more ex
pensive on this side of the bay, but it
is simply the result of the difference
in size and value of the two places. If
it costs nearly a million a year to run
the Oakland government on an assess
ment of forty-five millions it would net
two millions should Oakland's value in
crease 100 per cent. San Francisco is
assessed for about 350 millions, and its
total rate of $1 70 is really large as
compared with $2 12 in Oakland. I do
not think a consolidated" government
would prove a very great saving until
its assessed value is 100 millions or up
ward. The figures I prepared last week
'' are, I believe, comparatively correct.
There is a great deal of work to be
done before the proposed changes can
■ be brought about, but the subject is an
important one and cannot be too care
fully considered."
The amount of territory that will be
! left out of the consolidation is more
than twelve times the area of the pro
posed city and county, and is very rich
country. It includes the towns of Hay
wards, Niles. Livermore, Sunol, Alva
radp, Newark, Mission San Jose and
the fast-developing district around
Corral Hollow. Niles is about the cen
ter of the county, but there is no doubt
that Livermore will make a hot fight
to be the county seat. One of the most
forcible arguments on behalf of con
solidation in the interior of the county
is that Oakland is at the extreme bor
der, and every one having business in
the courts is compelled to come here,
thus greatly increasing the expense of
litigation. Should a prisoner be ar
rested on a charge of felony at Tesla,
which is forty miles from Oakland, a
prosecuting attorney has to go up from
here to the Justice's Court, and when
the case comes up in the Superior
Court all the witnesses have to travel
to Oakland.
Before the next county conference, a
month hence, there will be much data
both for and against the movement
prepared for debate.
WOODWARD'S BROKER.
Tells of a Chattel Mortgage to the
Grand Jury.
OAKLAND, March 10.— The Grand Jury
continued Its investigation into the water
rate scandal to-day, and Mr. Woodward
was again before it. He was not detained
long, and was followed by Irving C.
Lewis, a money-lender.
Lewis told of loaning money to Wood
ward on his furniture in 1896. The furni
ture was stored in a warehouse, and on
February 19 it was released and the note
redeemed. This was the day after Wood
ward was appointed a Councilman.
A few other witnesses were examined,
but nothing was learned, and the Grand
Jury adjourned until next Tuesday after
Issuing subpenas for several more wit
nesses.
Three Fires in the Wind.
OAKLAND, March 10.— Throe times to
day during the heavy wind the fire de
partment was called out by fire. At 12:30
this morning Special Officer C. T. Hemley
discovered a blaze in the residence of
Michael White. IS2S Grove street. Mr.
White lives alone and was considerably
surprised when awakened by the depart
ment: $200 will pay the damage. About 4
o'clock an alarm was Founded for a fire
in the residence of P. Daly. 511 Twenty
fourth street. The roof was burned off,
despite the excellent work of the firemen.
At 11:20 a. m. the residence of J. R. F.
Webber. 124 Eleventh street, was found
to be burning through the roof. A chem
ical extinguished it after spoiling consid
erable new paint which had just been put
on and tearing a hole In the roof. About
$150 will refit it.
Police Making a Record.
OAKLAND. March 10.— Officers An
i drews and Flynn made a raid upon the
Sporting Life gang last night and placed
five of thorn behind the bars on a charge
of drunkenness. This morning Frank
Nolan, Fred Kohler and Joseph O'Grady
were given the usual $6 or three days by
Judge Allen in the Police Court. Charles
| Hammond was let off with $4 or two days,
and George Bradford and John Kodden
: escaped with one day's sentence. Ser
! grant Green. Officers Wedderman and
! Cockerton made a haul of tramps who
: had congregated In a barn at Fourth av
enue and East Eleventh street during the
i night. Four were charged with violating
i the sleeping-out ordinance.
Will Plead Guilty.
OAKLAND. March 10.— Daniel Reeves,
who was arrested for burglarizing the
residence of L. W. Buckley, 579 Myrtle
street while Mr. Buckley was superin
tendent of the Mining Fair, will plead
guilty. He was convicted of an attempted
burglary in ISOI and a prior conviction has
been placed against him. Most of the
stolen goods have been recovered. Reeves
secured an entrance by means of a
clothes-line with a hook on it. The hook
was thrown over the eaves and Reeves
climbed up hand over hand. At the first
attempt he fell some distance when the
cornice broke, but in the next attempt he
succeeded.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, March 10.— Theo. Schoeich
ler arrested at Fortieth street and Tele
rraDh avenue some weeks ago for at
tf>mDtinjr to braJn J. A. Little with an iron
bar was dismissed in the Police Court
this morning.
11 Guttinger. who was recently re
moved as executor of the estate of John
Rathgeb will appeal from the decision of
Judge Offdeti. He has had the decision
entered in order to perfect an appeal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
SOME HOPE
FOR OAKLAND
Work on the Harbor to
Be Resumed at
Once.
Largest of Ships Will Soon Be
Able to Reach the
Docks.
Bids Opened and Contracts to Be
Awarded as Soon as
Possible.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, \
908 Broadway, March 10.
The bids for the work in Oakland
harbor were opened to-day by Major
W. H. Heuer, United States engineer,
and the bid of the San Francisco
Bridge Company will probably be ac- ;
cepted, it being the lowest.
The specifications called for two kinds
of work, the dredging of the jetty chan
nel and the dredging of the city front. ,
The bids upon these several kinds of !
work was as follows:
Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclama- j
ticm Company— Jetty channel, 18 cents
per cubic yard, $108,000; city front, 41
cents per cubic yard, $20,500. Total,
$128,500.
San Francisco Bridge Company—Jet
ty channel, 13 cents per cubic yard,
$78,000; city front, 41 cents per cubic j
yard, $23,500. Total, $101,500.
W. L. Prather Jr., Oakland— Jetty
channel^ 24.74 cents per cubic yard,
$148,440; city front, 24.74 cents per cubic
yard, $12,370. Total, $160,810.
Bowers California Dredging Company j
—Jetty channel, 22 2-3 cents per cubic !
yard, $132,400; city front, 58.57 cents per
cubic yard, $19,285. Total, $151,685.
A. C. Hamilton— Jetty channel, 18.45
cents per cubic yard, $110,700; city
front, 12 cents per cubic yard, $5000. To- j
tal. $116,700.
Major Heuer will send the bids to
Washington with his recommendation.
The work, when completed, will deep
en Oakland harbor from San Francisco
Bay up to Webster street bridge, and
will increase the depth of the channel
between the jetties to 20 feet. This im
provement will permit vessels that are
now forced to discharge part of their
cargo in San Francisco to come to Oak
land when loaded and bring their entire
cargoes here. The contract provides
that unless $12,000 worth of work is
done monthly the contract may be can
celed.
The value of the improvement to
Oakland may be judged from the fol
lowing extract from a report of a spe
cial committee ol the Board of Trade
filed last night:
"Heretofore many of our people have
looked upon the larger portion of the
estuary as a good place for canoe-rac
ingr, duck-shooting, yacht sailing, etc.,
and failed to appreciate the fact that
it is about to become one of the best
and most desirable commercial harbors
on the Pacific Coast.
"The completion of the contract for
work to the extent of $133,000, nowabou*
to be let, will, within this year, give
twenty feet of water at low tide from
; the mouth of the harbor as far up as
the Webster-street bridge. This is suf
ficient to permit any clipper or steam
ship which enters the Golden Gate to
come in with full cargo.
"Here, in our estimation, lies the
source to which Oakland and Alameda
will look in the near future for their
greatest and most important commer
cial and industrial development."
COMMENCEMENT EXERCISES.
A Tent to Accommodate 2509 People
to Be Erected on the Berke
ley Campus.
BERKELEY, March 10.— The Alumni
Association and the faculty of the Uni
versity of California are making arrange
ments to hold the annual commencement j
exercises this year In an immense tent, to [
be erected temporarily on the college !
campus, instead of In .the gymnasium,
which for the past several years ha 3
proveß inadequate to accommodate the
friends of the graduating class.
A conference has been called to make
the necessary arrangements. The repre
sentatives of the Associated Alumni on j
this conference are "W. R. Davis, C. S.
Greene, E. O'Neill, J. Sutton, Dr. L. Van
Orden and Professor W, E. Ritter; Pro
fessors Howison, Setchell and Bradley
represent the faculty.
The big tent, which will be erected on
the Blope of the campus, will seat about
2500 persons. The gymnasium, where the
exercises have heretofore always been
held, when crowded will hold only about
1100 people.
It is proposed, in addition to the regular
commencement exercises held in the
morning of commencement day, to have
a lunch and exercises In the afternoon by
the alumni. On commencement night the |
annual alumnt banquet in honor of the j
graduating class will be given in San j
Francisco.
The graduating cLass of '98 will number j
at least 200 members. This will be by far i
the largest class ever graduated at Berke
ley.
The festivities attendant upon the grad
uation season promise to be more elabor
ate than ever before. On Friday evening,
if the usual custom is followed, will take
place the president's reception to the sen
ior class: on class day, Saturday, May 14,
the class of '98 will have its morning ex
ercises, consisting of a concert under the
oaks and the class pilgrimages, and the
spectacular entertainment in the after
noon in the amphitheater. On Monday,
May 16, will be the senior ball. On Tues
day, May 17, the annual meeting of the
Philosophical Union will be held. The
ceremonies will conclude on commence
ment day with the graduating exercises
and the alumni reunion and banquet.
THE FUTURE OF JAPAN.
Professor Mose3 Questions Her Claim
to a Position Among Great
Military Powers.
BERKELEY. March 10.— Professor Ber
nard Moses, who recently returned from a
visit to Japan, In a lecture at the uni-.
versity, gave an interesting account of
recent economic and political changes In
the Mikado's realm. "In spite of a cer
tain tendency toward old ideas," he said,
"in the matter of dress, for example,
there is a stronger tendency toward west
ern ideas. The recent war with China
has had the effect of sweeping away the
old provincial spirit In Japan, and a
broader patriotism has appeared. The
Chinese influence upon Japan has been
greatly weakened, and It is probable that
the tendency toward western thought and
civilization will continue. Economic con
ditions in Japan show a tendency toward
western methods of production, yet there
is no indication that, wages in Japan will
ever rise to what they are in the United
States.
"Still it is difficult to discover just what
Japan relies on to make her a great mili
tary power. Japan at present has a de
ficit, and even with the Chinese indemnity
there is no prospect of her income com
ing up to her expenses. And Japan has
not the industrial resources to be able to
stand a deficit. The Japanese have a
lack of mechanical thoroughness, and
they seem to aim at artistic rather than
mechanical excellence. Japan in the last
few years has experienced, as it were, her
industrial honeymoon. She has not yet
encountered difficulties, and she may
think they do not exist. But with the ex
tension o"f the system of credit, crises
and financial difficulties will show them
selves The effort of Japan to keep a
Dlace in the first rank of civilized nations
reminds one strongly of the sorry history
of Italy since the union, which is the
history of a third-rate power that aspired
to take a position beside great nations."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 10.— Regent Phebe
A. Hearst visited the university at Berke
ley this afternoon.
Superintendent Sharpe of the Agassiz
Experiment Station of British Columbia
has sent to Inspector Shinn of the univer
sity a collection of scions of seventy-five
varieties of German apples and pears, all
of them new to California. The Agassiz
station which is kept by the Canadian
Government, has a magnificent orchard,
and for several years past it has ex
changed with the agricultural department
of the university on all varieties of plants
and seeds.
O V Lange will deliver before a spe
cial meeting °f the Science Association
on Friday. March 18 at 11:40 a m.. an il
lustrated lecture on Modern Photography
as an Aid to Scientific Research and Rec-
Next Saturday morning at 10:30 o'clock
Professor John Fryer will lecture at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art on "The
History of China" The lecture is the
first of a series of six lectures on China,
which will be given on Saturday morn
ings. Professor Fryer spent a great many
years in China, and is at present the head
of the department of Oriental languages
at Berkeley. The lectures will be free to
the public. _
Professor Elmer E. Brown will give the
first of a series of three university ex
tension lectures on "State Universities
and High Schools" to-morrow afternoon
at 3 o'clock at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art, San Francisco.
The challenge of the Stanford freshmen
to play a baseball game with the Berke
ley freshmen will probably be rejected.
On two former occasions Berkeley chal
lenged Stanford for a freshman game,
but the challenge was not accepted.
YOUNG MEN'S
ANNIVERSARY
An Interesting Lecture Deliv
ered by Hon. Irving M.
Scott.
He Told the "Story of a Boy"— An
En ertaining Programme
Rendered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 10.
One of the largest audiences ever gath
ered in a church In this city greeted Ir
ving M. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works of San Francisco, to-night,
when he spoke upon "The Story of a
Boy" at the nineteenth anniversary of
the organization of the Young Men's
Christian Association.
The gathering was assembled in the
First Congregational Church and was
entertained most delightfully by a musi
cal programme of the highest character
in addition to the address. Mr. Scott
told the story of a farmer lad, whom he
pleased to name Hebron Mills, but whom
the majority of his audience believed to
have been Irving M. Scott. He sketched
his early tare, his picking at knowledge
of all kinds on the farm or at play, his
removal to the city, his meeting of rela
tives with smutty face, the keen sting as
the pride of those who looked down upon
labor dawned upon him, of his lonesome
evenings, how he btgan to study, then
sought larger fields, went West, more
study, thence his travels abroad, meet
ing great men of all nations.
This boy then settled down, realizing
he had just begun to learn. He said that
in that boy's day no such organization
as the one whose annivet sary was being
celebrated was known, but it was the re
sult of just such needs as that boy fur
nished himself that caused the organiza
tion of this institution. He closed by say
ing: "Work. Do something. The man
that works for nothing is forming a habit
that is superior to walking around idle."
D. Edward Collins, president of the lo
cal organization, greeted the audience.
He said for nearly nineteen years this
association had been a factor for good in
this city. It was organized with twelve
members and at first had on^ room in the.
Wilson House. In ISBO it moved to Medi
cal Hall and then to Masonic Hall and
to Shattuck and later to the present
building.
A programme of music ended the even
ing's entertainment.
Could Not Agree.
OAKLAND, March 10.-The trial of
John McGinnis, charged with being an
accomplice of James Bryan, in causing
the death of Deputy Constable Cronin
last June, was completed to-night at 5
o'clock and given to the jury. At 11:30
p. m. the jury had failed to agree, and
were locked up for the night. They were
only asked to give a verdict of man
slaughter by the prosecution, and at the
close of the trial they were given ten
minutes by the onlookers to acquit Mc-
Ginnis.
The Teachers' Club.
ALAMEDA, March 10.— The Teachers'
Club, an organization recently formed for
the purpose of securing good lecturers to
address audiences in this city, is meeting
with great success. A large number of
prominent ladies and gentlemen have
joined and an effort is being made to se
cure the best talent now in the field. To
morrow evening Professor Hudson of
Stanford will lecture at the Unitarian
Church on "The Poetry of Tennyson. '"
while other distinguished speakers are
being arranged for.
A Tool riiief.
ALAi»IEDA. March 10.— Some unknown
thief last night visited a house which is
in course of construction on the corner of
Walnut street and Clinton avenue and
stole a lot of carpenter tools. The house
is nearly finished and the windows and
doors are all boarned up. The carpenters
thought their tools would be saio on this
account, but the thief, who must have
known of the practice of leaving the im
plements there, tore the boarding from
one of the windows and stole about all
the tools ho couid conveniently carry.
Arrests in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, March 10— Marshal Lloyd
swore out warrants to-day for the arrest
of eleven Berkeleyans for violating mu
nicipal and State laws against gambling
and selling liquor. Evidence has been
carefully secured and a determined effort
will be made to convict the alleged of
fenders against the mile-limit law and
the local ordinances.
watching McCarthy.
State Doctors Will Endeavor to As-
certain if the Prisoner Is Insane.
Dr. Hatch, Superintendent of State
Hospnals, Dr. Gardiner of Napa and Dr.
Osborne of Glen Ellen went to San Quen
tin yesterday morning to interview Mc-
Carthy, who had oeen convicted of mur
der and sentencedto be hanged. The time
for the execution of the death sentence is
a month hence. Ihe doctors will observe
the demeanor and mental attitude of the
prisoner, and if in their judgment he is
not insane the sentence of death will be
carried out.
On Religious Instruction.
A course of eathechetioal instructions
on "The Lord's Prayer" will be given at
St. Ignatius Church by Father Calzia. S.
J., commencing immediately after the 9:30
o'clock mass next Sunday morning. Each
instruction will last but ten minutes. The
novena of grace In honor of St. Francis
Xavier will end on Saturday— the anni
versary of the canonization of St. Fran
cis or of St. Ignatius. A plenary indul
gence may be gained on that day on the
ordinary conditions.
A novena preparatory- to the feast of
St Joseph, which will occur on March 19,
begins that evening in St. Ignatius
The regular semi-monthly meeting of
the T.ndies' Sodality will meet Sunday
afternoon in the college hall, on Van
Ness avenue and Grove street.
lo Cure a Cold i r> One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulaln • Tablet*. AU
druggists refund the money If It fails to care
SBc The genuine bas U 8. Q. on each tablet.
DEPUTIES MAY
BE REMOVED
Consternation in the Inter
nal Revenue Collect
or's Office.
Far-Reaching Decision by Two
Judges of United States
Courts.
Civil Service Rules Ara Not the Law
of the Land, but Mere Execu
tive Orders.
Civil service employes in the Inter
nal Revenue Department and elsewhere
are much exercised over a circular re
ceived yesterday from the Commission
er of Internal Revenue at Washington
calling attention to a decision just
made by Judge Lurton of the United
States Circuit Court for the middle dis
trict of Tennessee. The decision upsets
all the notions at present held with ref
erence to the tenure of office under
civil service regulations. The decision
says that the civil service act pre
scribes no tenure of office, and does not
deny the power of removal except in
the particular mentioned. Under the
rule promulgated by President Cleve
land November 2, 1896, it was provided
that no person should be dismissed nor
have his official rank changed because
of his political or religious affiliations.
This rule was amended on July 27,
1897, by President McKinley, who added
paragraph 8 in these words:
"No removal shall be made from any
position subject to competitive exam
ination except tor just cause and upon
written charges filed with the head of
the department or other appointing of
ficer, and of which the accused shall
have full notice and an opportunity to
make defense."
The court assents to the statement
that the civil service rules, so far as
they deny the unrestrained power of
removal, are not the law of the land,
but are merely executive orders, de
pendent for their force upon the vigi
lance and earnestness of the chief ex
ecutive in compelling his appointees to
regard and obey regulations volun
tarily imposed by him as a voluntary
regulation by the appointing power of
its otherwise restrained liberty of re
moval. These civil service rules, so far
as they deal with the executive right of
removal— a right which is but an inci
dent of the power of appointment — are
but expressions of the will of the Presi
dent, and are regulations imposed by
him upon his own action or that of
heads of departments appointed by
him. He can enforce them by requir
ing, obedience to them on penalty of re
moval; but they do not give to the em
ployes within the classified civil serv
ice any such tenure of office as to con
fer upon them a property right in the
office or place.
Judge Kirkpatrick of the United
States Circuit Court of New Jersey has
decided that the power of removal of
Deputy Collectors of Internal Revenue
rests with the appointing power, the
Collector, subjext to such requirements
as to notice as the Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue may prescribe, and can
not be reviewed by an appeal to the
courts.
The law expressly says that Collec
tors of Internal Revenue have power
to appoint their deputies and to re
voke said appointments, giving only
such notice of changes as the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue may require.
It holds such Collectors responsible for '
every act done or neglected to be done
by their deputies; it gives a deputy in :
his particular district all the powers
vested in the Collector himself; and it ;
further provides that in case of disa
bility, absence or death of the Collec- j
tor the deputy senior in service shall |
act as Collector, and of two or more
deputies appointed on the same day the
one residing nearest the Collector at
the time the vacancy occurred shall
discharge the duties of the Collector;
and it further provides that the Secre
tary of the Treasury may designate
any one deputy to act in the absence of
such Collector, and that for the acts
and default of the deputy acting as
Collector remedy shall be had on the
official bond of the Collector as in other
cases.
The law regarding the appointment
of deputies in the customs service is
very different. It authorizes the Collec
tor of Customs, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to em
ploy persons as deputies, and provides
that he shall appoint, also with the ap
proval of the Secretary of the Treas
ury one deputy (known as special dep
uty), for whose acts he shall be respon
sible. „,
The Secretary of the Treasury says
in the customs regulations that the
powers and duties vested by law in a
Collector are also by law as fully vest
ed in his special deputy, duly appointed
and discharging the functions of his
principal, and in the event of death,
dHfibilty or absence of a Collector the
special deputy is authorized and re
quired to perform the duties of Col
lector; and should there be no special
deDUty the duties of Collector devolve
upon the Naval Officer or upon the
Purveyor, if there be no Naval Officer;
and if no Surveyor, then upon the Sur
veyor at the nearest port.
The customs regulations further say
that every Collector, Naval Officer and
Surveyor is required by law immedi
ately after hifl entry into office to con
stitute and appoint, to be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury, a special
deputy, to act in the name and full au
thority of his principal during his ab
scene or disability. The law does not
hold the Collector or the other chief of
ficer of customs responsible for the
acts of his deputies other than the one
Specially designated, whereas it does
hold Collectors of Internal Revenue re
sponsible for acts of all their deput es.
The law authorizes collectors of cus
toms to pmplcy deputies with the ap
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury
whereas it permits collectors of internal
revenue to appoint and remove deputies
without the approval of any one.
On May 31. 1888. the Treasury De
partment" promulgated a synopsis of a
decision by the United States Supreme
Court which court decided that collect
ors of customs are not responsible for
the misfeasances, positive wrongs, neg
ligences or omissions of duty of subor
dinates properly employed in the dis
charge of official duties.
Private information has been received i
from Washington that the law regard- j
ing internal revenue deputies has been ;
read to the President, and he has been j
convinced that such deputies should be
taken out of the civil service rules, and
that he has almost been persuaded that
all deputies under all officials come un
der similar provisions of law, and that
chief efneers are responsible for the j
acts of their deputies, notwithstanding j
the fact that the customs regulations
not only make no provision for any dep
uty (except a special deputy) to dis
charge the duties of the principal, dur-
Ing his absence or disability, but abso
lutely prohibit any deputy, except the
special deputy, from acting in that ca- i
pacity.
Private information has been received
also- that the Washington politicians
are endeavoring to have the President
sinp a new song entitled "All Deputies
Look Alike to Me"; but before he sings
it in public they want him to incorpo
rate a little more to it, so it will in
clude chief clerks and other heads of di
visions in the departments at Washing
ton, the customs service, mints, land
offices, sub-treasuries and all other
offices that the new rule can be made
to apply to, making in all about 5000
positions that can then be bestowed up
on the faithful party leaders without
competitive examinations.
It is further said in advices from
Washington that these intimated modi
fications to the present civil service
rules will be made in the near future—
probably during the next few weeks.
ATTEMPTED INCENDIARISM.
Daytime Effort to Set Fire to a House
in Which Men Were Working.
ALAMEDA, March 10.— A peculiarly
bold effort was made .yesterda" to burn
an unoccupied dwelling on Willow street,
between Pacific and Willow avenues. The
house is being re~ aced and some paint
ers were at work. Yesterday the- went
there a.s usual, and left their outerclothes
in a closet on the ground floor while they
went upstairs to ->aint the rooms mere.
When they went for their clothes late in
the afternoon they found that some one
had sneaked into the closet, saturated
the floor and wall with kerosene,
crumpled up a newspaper and soakeu it in
oil. then applied a lighted match to it and
left, alter shutting the closet door care
fully behind him.
This was all mat prevented a fire. The
door fitted tightly and allowed no air to
enter, and as a resuit the fire smoldered
and finally went out. after burning the
wall and floor a little. The painters
heard no one on the lower floor while they
were at work, and the incendiar^ must
have used extraordinary caution in his
movements. There *s no clew as to ms
identity, nor Js there any known reason
why any one should seek to burn the
house.
Alameda News jtfotes.
ALAMEDA, March 10.— Cornelius Foss,
an old-time carpenter and contractor of
this city, will leave for the Klondike on
Saturday. He says all the stories of sick
ness and death on the trails do nor fright-
en him.
The final game of the Recreation Club
whist tournament has been played, leav
ing R. A. Meserole and L. A. Hagy the
winners.
Fred S. Kleupfer Sr. has filed a suit for
divorce against his wife. His son recent
ly obtained a divorce.
There is a balance of JIS99 41 in the re
lief fund of the fire department.
It is now proposed to run electric cars
on the High street and San Jose avenue
lines on twenty-minute instead of ten
minute headway. The travel on those
branches is very light.
ARRIVED.
■"■■«.'.•■. ''■■ '-- Thursday, Marcn 10.
Btmr Coquille River, Johnson, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. ■• _^^__^__— «^—
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
AfttrJa <>—•"> KCARSiY ST. Established
4B»^y**M^ In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Wik jfGM UlseiiSfS, Lost Manhood. Debility or
CliSsfiSKua disease wearing on bodyand mind and
JlßwßtoaH Skin Diseases. The doc torcures when
.'Jxßtf^MffiH otbersfall. Try him. Charges low.
dn'TBIT <'m-<"H|ru»rnnH'«'il. Callorwrite.
Or. .1. F. iitBBOXi Bei 1957. San Frapclsoo.,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
w^^ ' Steamers leave Broadway
HB^^ wharf, .Fan Francisco:
\ lliS!)rZ3twa- For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m ; ,
EytK^R March 2. 7, 12, 17, 22, 27. April
j I^^JSflXkl 1. Transferred at Seattle.
HHC%rol For Alaskan ports (from
' 7^*'B^^»Sa\ Ppear street wharf). 10 a. m.,
' March 2. 6, 10. 14. IS, 22. 26. 30.
11 Transferred at Portland. Or.
For "Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 2. 7.
12 17 2' 27 and every fifth day thereafter,
connect at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 16, 21. : 27, and every sixth day
th For an Santa " Cruz, Monterey. San ? Simeon.''
Cavueos Port } Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota ' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hii'sneme.
<snn Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an.!
Newport a. m.. March 2. 6, 10. 14. 13. 22. SB.
30 and every fourth day thereafter. - ■
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbr.r*, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anqrc-les), 11
« m. March 4, 8, 12, 16, 20. 24. 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
rabo Mazatlan, , Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March S.
April 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
nrtil V»r*"rs"of PflHipP".
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery street. & CO.. Gen. Agt,..
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen Agts..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. « N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADP .*l2 First Clasi Including Berth
TAKE $ 8 Second Class nd Meals
SCHEDULE. OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2, 10. IS. 20
Columbia Mar. 6. 14, 22. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630. Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. , .■
@IMIUM 2S. m. Special party
jfctßHia. HONOLI'M! only.
•B." a """?.'if.;r.lay. March 12. at
yl"^--^^y 1 "^--^^ 2 p. m. Special party ,
StrWKflin^ ra The S. S. MO AN A j
G)ICCIhJIHk 1 - ail" via Honolulu and !
/OIIIRfIRJI- Auckland for Sydney |
\WllipUlt«p Wednesday. March 23.
Line to COOLGARDlE. Australta.and CAPE
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPb
T rD N SPRECKEi;s a k. BROS. CO.. Agent,
j. v. ox-xve- ii 4 Montgrnmery street.
FrelKht Office— S27 Market ?t.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North ,-f-£J*»
2SR^S
|f' 'ftnil W a"^ «£■»?*«
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
SC A°NORMANPIE ............March 19. 10 a. m.
t"^ rHAMPAONE .....March 28 10 a. m.
UIiotIKGOGNE April 2. 10 a, m.
LA BnETAGNB ........April D. 10 a.m.
LANORMANDIE ...........April 16
For further particulars PPPly,^ AePnt
No 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J F. FUOAZI & CO., Agent?, 5 Montgomery
R ye., San Franc! «Co.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 1
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED LP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodation* reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on the
j Valley Rai.road. gTEAMKRS: -^^V^' .-
Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
.stean-.er Aiviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays .
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excei-tc-d) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Far-between San Francisco and Alviso toe:
to San Jose, 75e. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose. < -. ;■- ■ - -
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
>lvA'- " Steamer " Montlcello"
Will leave; .antJJ aaturua..; v p. m.: will leave (
San Francisco . Saturday. S:SO- p. m. ■ Regular j
rnrd Sunday morning, March i«9S Hg- J
phone Red 2241. HATCH UROS,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
..»•.-: Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San KMUKtaco, Coiuiuencinji September*
19. IS»7.
' WEKK DATS.
For Mill Valley and .San Rafael— *l:Zs; •3:33.
• 11:30 a. m.; *1:45,- 3:45,- •5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m. v
Extra trips for San, Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. in. .
..- .■-*:.:■-,"-' .SUNDAYS. ; ' :•■ ■
For Mill Valley and - San ; Rafael— .oo. '10-00,
•11 :30 a. m. ; •1:15, 3:00. ; *4:30, 6:13 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San- Quentln.
•.-.-.; :< : THROUGH TRAINS. , - ,
7:25 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:43 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
• Duncan Mills and way stations; ; 8:00 a. m.
i Sundays for Point Reyes anJ way station*. «
BAILItOAD TBAVEIi. ' *
BOi'fii»:uN i'aci*ic- io3irAjrf;
(PACIfIO sVSTKM.I *■;
TntlnaVrnve nml nrr «Ih*> l« nrrlT* mW;
SAN nUS«IIM«. -.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) :.
t-KATB - fr<2^ January I. 18£8. — AitmTg
•6:007 Nilcs. San Joso and Way Stations... :^^
7:OO\ Ucnicia, Suisun »nd Sacrameßto....- JO.«*
7:««a Mar>-BVil!e, Orovilleaud ReddiLg via
Woodland S^Br*
7:OO a VmuQ) »nd Rurcsey . . .... . . ••• • • • »-•»«"
7:30 a Martinez, San VaUejo. Napft, .
Calistor»andSauta K05a... ..-....., «;]JJ
SrOOA Atlantic Kipreas, Ug.le.l and Kast.. m.*»r
. »-:iO»MI«. San .loaf. .Stockton. lone,
Sacramento. Mttrysrille, Chico. -
TehamaandKe.ll!h.(T.. .7 t3r
•»:3Oa Peters. Mi:toi,andOakdalc. ....... # '»*•»»•
OiOoa ITh Orleans !?■»>■■■. Merced. Ray-
mond, I'resoo, UakeraUeld. SanU
j:..rl.ara, I.OR Angeles, laming. _._
Xl Paso. -New Orleans and *.ast. ei*»P
D:OOa Vail, j.. Martinez, Merced an-1 J2s|sf
Krecno ......••..••.••*•"••*"**•" *».«B»
•l:OOp Sucramentn Hirer SUsHineni..., ♦SlY?!
I :OOp Klin, Han Jam acd Way SUtions.. *«*•
1:30p MarUrez mml Way Stations ......... V*? T
2:««i- LiTcrmore, Mendota, Hanford and 4jlß . >
Vhalia. •••••. -j,.-'.* *- 10 '
Liveraiore. San Joso. Niles and Way ._
Stations .'•-• •••-.•• I l «' 10^
«:»«p Martinet, Han lUmoii, V»llejo
Napa, (Mll»ti«a, ICI Veroiio and ._
KniiU l.'osii ••••• . «"»•**
«t«»r Beaicia, VacaTil'e, Woodland.
Knishts Landing. MarysTille. Oro- _
Title and .Saermnento.. ......{..;• *?t*t
4iB«P Ni'.es, San Jose, Tracy end Stockton .. *»i»r
4:3»p I^aUirop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
l''reano, Jivo (for Uandsburg), A# _
Saul.a 1 tar ami Uam Ana«lc»... '»•»*
4>»op Santn. Fa ilciito. Atlaullc Impress . _
for Mojiiro nn.l l'-ist O! *' F
•C3:3oj> "Sunset Limited." Los Anjrele*. SI
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Reck, St. _
• Louis, Chicago and East |l»iiaA
STS:3Vr " Sunset Limited Annex,", El Paso. ..•'."_'
New Orleans and East ............ "£ s i?
6iOUr Ruroi>eau Mail, Ogdmi and Kast.... 2™j» A -
O:OOr 11tt>«u..1,. ; Nlltmtiul Han J05e...... I *'**-
ItlMl Vullejo ; 17I4BP-
*:««!■ Oregon Kxiini!S,Miicraiiieuto. Marys-
vilk-, i:c.1.1i.. -. Poitlan.l. Pnget
Humid and Knat ■ 8»I»A
1 SAN LKANI»UO AMI HAI'WAKDB LOCAL.
• • (Foot of Market Street.)
i*«:OOa1 ■■ " ' -■ ■ • ■■• '•■■ - • " T 7»15A
Sj'ooa Melrosc. Seminary Park, *Joi4st
lo'oOA FHeliburg, Elmliurst, Jl.4S*.
ill:«OA San Le»ndro, So.tU Sm . J*'*^
118:00 m uandro, Estadillo, js,«r
isVoop lioreaso, Cherry • &£2 r ;
vzv ■ " d - -i las;
« ; a«P n . yw .ra. J-g
8:00r i Runs through to Nlles. lolSop
ttiiliSpJ tFromNileg - tti»SoF
"" ■- COAST I»1VI>ION (S*rrow Hawgej.
- <■, •i . I ... (Foot of Market Street.)
MniltA Newiii-k.Cfiilervill.',San.lose. I ton. ~.
Moulder Creek, Santa and Wny mmm
Newark, CenUrtilVei'Saii Jose, New
••ilßpNen-iirU. IVnlertUlc, San .lose. New
Ainm.l.ii, l'.lton, llonlder Creek.
Banta Crnv. and Principal Way , J#— #^
4tl» i- Newark, .San .Jose and Los Gatos . . . OjSOa.
tlli43p Hunters 1 Excursion, San Joso and a-
Way Stations t7«BQp;
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '
fr»m SIX FRIIiOISCO-r««t of Market Str«t (Slip 18- _
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. UKIO *2:00 ; JiiOw
■ *4:03 " $5:00 *6:00 p.m.;
from OAIUID-FMI .rßrwdwij.— '6:oo BSOO 10M«.ib
112:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:03 ti:00 "8:00 P.M.
"" COAST DIVISION (Broad Oauge).
. (TUird and Townsend St.'.) m 4
Oi33a Kan Jose a...l Way Stations (New - _
Alinadcu Wednesdays 0n1y)... .... •»»»*
9tOOA Hail sloe.), Tres Vinos. HhiiU t,niz,
Pacilic drove. Paso Kobles, .S*:i
Luis Oliispn, Guadalupc. Surf and
Prlndiial Way SUtions .......... . .1.1,21
IO:4OA San Joso and Wny Stations I Sat
< I1:SOa San J.«e and W«y Stations ...... »•»»*
•as3«rSan Mat-»n, Pvedwood, Meulo Park.
Santa Clara, San .lose. Gilroy,
- Hollister. Santa Cruz, Salinas, j-*;*V-_ "
Monterey ami Pacific <:r0Te...... «JO 4«A
•3il 5p San Jose and Principal Way Stations •© «»A
•J«lsr San Jose and Principal Way Slat 9.45 a
•s:<lop San Joss and Principal Way Stations ' : »Or
: 8 n .lose Principal Way Stations ».|Or
e.-UOpSan Jose and Way Stations:.......- -.Zat.
1ll:45r Sail Jose and Way Stations '•* tr
A for Morning ■ ' P for Afternoon.
• Bundavs eicej.te.l.' I Sundays only, I Saturdays on*.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nignta only.
•If Mondays and Thursdays. •
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. --■
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot o? Market St."
SAN* rUANCUKXI TO SAW ItAJ-A-EL.. _
WEEK ;DAYS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. JD.: U:»»
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— trips at »:*•
- and 11:30 p.m. . " . _ —
6UNDATS— B:OO.^9:3O. 11:00 a. m.; 130. 3.M.
. 00 -6*20 p. m. ? - - >' '■ - F -
' SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«: 10. 7:50. 9:20. lljlO a. m.£
-12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
• at 1:55 and 6:35 p.' m. •",
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, *:4«.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
fame schedule as above.
Leave . ■ . a- I Arrive
Ear Francisco. ■ 'o<^t 24.' San Francisco.
BSft-fi£-l»^ B'"B '" 1 C£.;.j gg?
;:20a.m. 8:00 a.m. Novato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. ">:*)a.ra. Tetaluma. 6:10 p.m. iq:2oa.m.
6:lor>.m. ii:U»n.m ' Santa Roa:v 7:30 p.m. I b:r.p.m.
7:aUp - U1 - ' - ■VVl^ndsor, ■ lD:25a-m.
T :30a.nv : Healdsbur?.
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
S:(Kla.m. Clovertiale. 7 :35p.m. I « :22p.m.
I • 1 Uopland and |
7 :30a.m. ! 8 -00a.m. ; Uki.th. ! 7:Ssp.m. fi:22p.ni.
', :30a.m. "~ T~ | ' .'■ jWiaaa-ta.
■S:ooa.m. GuerneviUe. ! 7:35 p.m. j
3:3op.rc. •'• |__ - ■j ■ 6:22 p.m.
s:3oam. 6 :Uua.tn. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
. ■ and •
6:10 p.m. s:oQp.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. i 6:22 p.m.
7:Boa.m'S:tt)a.m.t gebastcDol. Msffa:iM.lM 5 ff a:i M. 1 S s 25 li *!
3 •.iSOp.m.laKlOp.m.i pe Daat CP 01 - . 7:35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
etases connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
FprinK"' at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukl.ih for
Vichy -Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Pomp. Potter
Valley John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Buck-
nel 'a. 'Sanhedrin Heights. HullviH* , Boonvllle.
Orr'B Hot . Springs. . Mendocino : City, Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal. • , , .
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket! at r»-
On Sunday* round-trip tickets to all point*
• beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. '-*: Chronlel*
: bU A Id FOSTFR. •.-■■■'■■■-■-& X. RYAN.
Pres- and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
feW^^il CALIFORNIA
iptffp^; LIMITED.
I r&iZ*a£tfPt&t.' !Srii£ve*£!9 I Pi I! Cok i\ P I C Pi\
I B*^ Bvi^nßrS^P^ II SAN FRANCISCO
|i^jfc^a^^J| CHICAGO.
" Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS/
Carries first-class passengers only. . but wit*.
out extra charge. .
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
I 3 54 .days to Chicago. 4H days to New Tor*.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
! Leaves daily at 4:50 p. m.. carrying, ruilman
: Talace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago aoJ
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart "from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket of flee. 641 Marks
Hreet. Chronicle building. ' Telephone Main
1620. Oakland office. 1113 Broadway. Sacra-
! mento office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
t-anta Clara street.' : . . ; ' .
THE SAN FRANCISCO § SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY C.MPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will nun
■ follows: . ; ■; , . _.-_: ■ .._—_--—: ....■' .-.„..- -* ,
" Southbound.  ' Northbound.
"passen- ' Mixed stat i . ; Mixed Passaa-
I get Sunday Stations. - Sun(V:iy per.
; Dally Exc'p'ul — — — - Excp'tJ Patty
• ? -20 m. .0:00 a.m. Stockton 5:45 p.m.- s:4ij p.ra.
' il:ia a.m. U-'Ji p.m. Merced 12:&) p.m. 8:5."« p.m.
■ lb-tua.ni. 3:ao p.m. Fresno J:;Wu.m. 2:20 p. tn
11-40 a. in 6:21) p.m. Hnnforl .:45 a.m. 1:13 p.m-
' 12:16 p.m ™C:45 p.nj Vlaalla 6:40 a.m. 12:10 p. va
"i ••*■ Slopping at intermediate poiuts . wne requirei
* Connection*— At 'Stockton >v.t!-, stearr»>oat« of,
C N &I Co.. leaving San Francisco and
Btock'ton at 6 p. m. daily: at Merced .with
' stages to and from Coulterville. eto. ;
? also with stage for Hornitos, Marlposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madara.
;_■■ ■ ... ;*. . ,
MOt'Nf TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
I 1;.'I 1 ;.' ' tVia biusalltu i-criy;.
.. Leave . San Francisco, - commencing Novem-
ber 13. 189": ■•;■: • ,' .: . .: "-■■- - '• ■-
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from v Mill Valley. »1. ■
THOfl. -: COOK :* ; SON, Agents. «31 Mark*!
i street, Ban Francisco-
1112
THERE CAME A
DAY FOR LOBOS
The Fast Colt Cut Loose
and Played for a
• "Killing."
Spreadeagled His Field, Cover
ing the Four Furlongs
in :47 1-2.
All of the Favorites Bowled Over.
Clawson in F>-ont on Three
Winners.
The two-year-old event at Oakland
track yesterday was the medium of a
grand uncorking. The last time Lobos,
a racy looking son of imp. Goiden Gar
ter and Temblor, started he was a 60 to
1 chance in the betting .and finished
"absolutely." In his race yesterday he
was afflicted with all sorts and varie
ties of speed, and backed down from 15
to 2Vj to 1 skinned out in the lead,
reaching the wire five lengths ahead of
the favorite, E. Come. The winner,
carrying 98 pounds, covered the four
furlongs in :47*6 seconds, within a
quarter of a second of the coast rec
ord. The speedy youngster races in the
colors of Mason & Co., and for his
startling reversal, if such it may be
termed, the stable was ordered sus
pended by the officials in the stand.
Followers <>f the first choices suffered
many reverses, every favorite in the
betting being tumbled over. Clawson
rode in rare good form, piloting three
winners over the line. *
M. J. Daly's Ballister, with Conley
up, carried the coin of the wise ones In
the opening five furlong scramble for
three-year-old maidens. He got away
In front and won all the way, leading
Loumu.it past the stand a length in
1:02*4. Octuruck, the mild favorite,
was unplaced.
Town Topics, ridden by Conley, cut
a wide swath in the betting on
the six furlong selling affair
next decided, but Thorpe on the
15 to 1 chance, Mocorito, upset
all calculations. He raced Abina otf.
her feet with the outsider, and at the
end beat the favorite. Town Topics,
out three lengths. The latter was
away from the post badly or he would
undoubtedly have won.
By Holly's gelding Montallade ruled
favorite in the betting for the mile and
a sixteenth run, decided under selling
conditions. Tod Sloan made his run
too late, and was beaten out handily
by the second choice, Fonsovannah.
with Clawson in the saddle, which colt
made all the running. Flashlight,
backed from 15 down to 7, finished in
the show.
Atkin & Lottridge's colt Gotobed was
plunged on to win the mile selling run,
but, getting away from the post poorly,
was never prominent until nearing the
wire, when he made a good run, finish
ing third. In a long hard drive Spencer
on the 15 to 1 shot Amelia Fonso gained
the verdict by a nose from Lost Girl,
another outsider.
Tod Sloan sat astride the favorite,
Caliente. in the final six and a half fur
long run, and failed to get inside the
money. Fortunate, with Thorpe up,
broke -away in front when the barrier
was released and led to within a few
yards of the wire, when he was over
taken and downed a scant head by Mc-
Light, ridden by Dick Clawson. The
winner went to the post at odds of 5
to 1.
TRfICK ITEMS.
Dave Gideon, the -well-known New York turf
man, departed for the East last evening. He
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— Oakland Track— ll2th day of the
Vy Winter Meeting. Thursday. March 10. 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
716.
Index. 1
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $300.
Horses. Weight., St. Wm. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. I Joel
451 Ballister 104 j 4
603 Loumont 102j 1
61S Rose Maid 102 T
674 Bonita R 102 11
IS Lona Marie 102; S
602 Searchlight 107 6
560 Notice Me 107 9
652 Dr. Mlzner 104 10
674 Approbation 104 . 2
674 Oekturuck 104: 3
707 Rebecca Wells 1"2 12
674 Idomenus 104 13
6<<o Epplnger 11l 14
674 Agnes Tobin 102 5
660 St. Angelo 101,16
399 Carlist 104|15
1 2
9 1
10 V 4
7 hi
11 Va
ii n
3 h
5 hi
4 h
13
12 1
14
6 h
li
16
.:,''•'• •'. "* l; '
1 10
4 2
7 hi
6 Mi
8 1
2 V 4
9 to
10 1
5 M
3 %
11 -
13 '
14
12
15
16
1 3
2 3
3 2
' 4 2
ib I
5 H
6 1
■ 7 1
8 2 j
9 3
10 1
11 2
12 4
. 13 3
14 2
15
16
<..oniey
Spencer
J. Woods
O'Connor ....
R. Narvaez ..
Rula
Van Kuren ..
Clawson
*-« ..
6
10
4
IS
20
20
40
3
10
3
10
30
20
20
30
60
Gray
Hennessy
Jones
Holmes
Freeman
McNichols ...
Devin
McDonald . . .
Time. l:02V»- Winner, M. J. Daly's eh. g. by imp. Rayon d'Or- Ballerina.
Won easily.
Good start.
717.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
eight.
V«m.
i
(650) Mocorito. 3 10 4 ... 2 3 ... 13 13 .Thorpe
700 Town Topics, 3 106 12 ... 6h ... 6 1 2 1 Conley
704 Lucky Star. 4 117 11 ... 7'» ... 7 1 3V4 Stufflet
<656) Twinkle Twink, 4. .1151 7 ... 11 1 ... 4*i 4 \ Gouin
705 Abina, 3 104 3 ... lh ... 2 1 5h E. Jon'
"05 Satlcoy, 3 109 i 2 ... 4 h ... 3 ',4 6 h Ruiz ..
705 Bow and Arrow, 3..106| 8 ... 9 2 ... 8 1 7 4 Gray .
70S Ping. 3 109 i 6 ... 5h ... 9 2 8 2 jSpencei
613 Sport McAllister, 6.123 5 ... S> % ... 10 1 9 h McDom
(652) Roulette Wheel. 5..104 1 ... 12 ... 12 10 1 [Cla-.vso
£23 The Dragon. 5 123 10 ... 10 H ••• 11% H 3 JMcHug
461 Master Mariner, 3..1U6 'J 3 Vfc ... 6 1 12_ Hermes
Time, 1:15. Winner, Mrs. N. Harrison & Co.'s eh. f. by Amigo-Santa
start. Won easily.
Thorpe
7
6-5
15
15
3
15
7
8
20
7
30
7
15
6-5
20
12
4
15
25
12
23
15
103
5
Conley
Slufflet
Gouin
E. Jones
Ruiz
|Gray j
iSpencer
IMcOonald ...
U'lawson j
JMcHugh '
Hennessy |
718.
THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
6SB Lobos 98j 4
(603) E. Come 10S ; 3
(6:*2) Formero 113, 5
6W Primavera 105 1 6
698 Master Buck 1031 7
... Physalis lIO| 2
. . . Rey del Rio 113 1
2 3
1 3
4 \i
3 h
6 4
7
1 IV4
■ 2 4
3 4
6 6
4 M
6 10
.7. - -■
1 3
2 1
3 10
4 V 4
5 10
6 h
7
H.
.wson
>rpe
Brown . . .
nnessy
>ncer
15 5-2
1 6-5
3 7-2
7 9
12 50
20 60
6 20
iy
berville_.^.
Time. :47Vj. Winner, Mason & Co.'s b. c. by Golden Garter-Temblor. Good start. Won
easily.
»7|Q FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and up-
C It/. ward; purse. $4(K).
"TndTjT Horses! Weight. |St. Std. V4m! ',4m. \m. Sir! Fin. I Jockeys. (Op! cT.
r.
691 Fonsovannah, 3 90j 2
707 Montallade. 5 M 1
7f>2 Flashlight. 6 116 4
(C 54) Collins, 6 109 1 6
706 Don Clarenclo. 4 98i 3
(666) Plan, 3 91 i 5
1 h
4 1
3 h
2 1
6
5 2
1 2
4 1%
3 h
2 1
6
5 1
1 Hi
4 h
3 1.
2 h
6
53
1 2V4
4 1
2 h
3 1
5 2
6
1 3
3 1
2 2
5 3
6
4 V,
1 3
2 n
3 5
4 6
5 6
6
.'lawson
r. Sloan
ruberville ...
3. Jones ......
r: Woods ....
; r**y
2
3-2
12
8
15
•5
9-5
8-5
6
8
20
» 10
Time, 1:48.
easily.
Winner, 8. C. Hlldreth's b. c. by Fonso-Savannah.
i; i
start.
Won
720.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling;
; purse. $400.
703 Amelia Fonso. 5 ..
609 Lost Girl. 4
713 Gotobed, 3
621 Olive. 6 :
604 Charlotte M. 3 ....
70S Good Friend, 3
180 Lode Star. 4
669 Tom Smith. 4
709 Devil's Dream. 4..
705 Rio Frio. 3
708 Aluminum. 3
584 Miss Remsen. 3
I
i
\l
4
11
2
I
S
! 6
! 9
110
I I
12
2 1
7 114
9 1
4 hi
6 1
1 h
8 h
5 3
10
11
,3 tt
12
3 3
6 hi'
7 5
2 h
8 2
1 h
9 1
10 %
11
12
4 h
6 1
3 h
4 Vi
6 6
1 ] /4
5 2
2 1
8 3
9 1
10
11
7 4
12
1 ns
2 h
3 li
4 1
5 6 I
6 10
7 h
8 h
9 2«
10 4
11
12 .
jopencer
IE. Jones ....
iClawson
iH. Brown
[O'Connor
jMcNlchols ...
20 15
15 10
7 13-3
30 30
7 12
6 6
7-2 7
fiO 200
7-2 18-5
15 20
30 60
20 60
Thorpe
IGray
T. Sloan
Holmes
Woods
iDevin
Time, 1:42.
three driving.
Winner, W. P. Magrane's b. b. by Fonso-Amelia P. Fair start. Won first
721.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and
l>urse, J4OO.
upward ;
707 McLight. a 105 j 7
(6SI) Fortunate, 4 lOSj 1
(703) Sly. 4 101 4
697 Montgomery, a 1101 3
615 Peixotto. 6 108,12
690 Callente. 5 107 1 8
703 Lone Princess. 4 S»2| 2
' ... Jack Atkins. 5 ... .10211
... Sadie Schwartz, 4 .. M>:io
625 Robair, 4 106 a
... Eureka, a 110 6
.....Lulu, a 100 9
7 «
1
4
3
12
8
2
11
10
a
6
9";
5 1
2 3
3 h
1 h
7 1
9 H
4 V 4
11
6 V,
8 2
12
10 3
3 Vi
1 Vi
4 h
2 2
7 Vi
9 6
6 2
10 6
5 1
8 h
12
11
2 Vi
1 1
4 2
3 2
7 1
6 6
8 Vi
9
5 2
10
11
12
1 h
2 6
■ 3 Vi
4 1
6 1
6 6
V:^7 1 -
8 2
9 3
10 10
11 20
12
'la wson
|horpe
Sray
pencer
IcDonald
'. Sloan
icNlchols ...
'owell
i' Connor
onley
aylor
I'oods
3 5
3 6
5 3
3 9-2
15 40
2 13-5
15 30
150 200
20 100
6 .10
100 100
20 100
■
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's eh. h. by Macduff-Longalight.
I-
Fair start.
Won
stated to an acquaintance that he left for
home about $12,000 behind the game.
When E. Come, the favorite for the two-year
old event, issued from the paddock he was a
trifle frisky, and while parading before the
stand reared up on his hind legs. Sloan be
came scared and slid from his back. Tod
claimed that the colt'p mouth was sore and he
refused to ride him. Thorpe was proffered and
accepted the mount, finishing second. Sloan
was fined $100 hy the judges and was warned
that hereafter he must ride to his contract or
not at all.
"Big Jim" Garland, trainer of the Baldwin
string, is confined to his bed, suffering from an
attack of pneumonia.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— furlongs; maiden three-year
olds and upward.
452 Jim Brownell ..107 ... Nuncomar 116
708 Hertha 102' ... Cyaro 104
674 Kummel 102 564 Mary Nievez ..US
609 P. A. Finnegan.lo7i 564 Rebekah 114
716 Idomenus 104 710 Rosa ' 102
650 Oahu 102 664 Vivo 116
656 Durward .......116 ...Adanaago 102
... Caroline Lemonlo2 ... Rey d' Armour.. lo4
... Los Rosas 114 484 Springfield 120
291 Sleepy Jane 114 705 Santa Catarlna.lo2
652 Padrone 104 !
Second 'Race — Five furlongs: three-year-olds
and upward; maidens.
264 Royal Nan 102 ... Clprlano 107
... Raraoan 102; ... Apple 107
600 Eaklns 116 607 Texarkana 107
672 Erolca 102 ...La Salinas 102
656 Whirlwind 114 ... Peixotto II 116
712 Hohenlohe 107 j 674 Aprona 102
710 Malnbar 107 i ... Merry Boy 113
710 Muldrew 107 ! 70S San Durango 104
,687 Moringa 104 I
Third Race — Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; selling.
711 Racivan 98 718 Master 8uck. ...104
460 Bonnlbel 104' 698 Bly 104
fi9S Maud Ferguson. lo3 597 Crossmolina ....103
661 La Parasseuse.. 98 711 Mossbrae 109
698 San Augustine.. lo7 ... Leo Vertner 106
6SO Ellen Wood .... 98 591 Loyalle 103
... Geraldlne B 103 ... OJai 103
698 Canace 9S 603 Prince Will ....101
680 Zaccatoso 106 !
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling. :-, l ,i
712 Oddson 91 647 Hohenzollern ...106
634 Stentor 89: 706 Benamela 101
215 Charles Le Bel. 85; 706 Daylight 106
704 William 08....102 (709) Chappie 99
675 Hermanlta 101'
Fifth — One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
677 Argentina 1031 707 Cabrillo 108
715 Red Glenn 102 (6S2)Alvarado II 102
(7O6)Parthemax 105 706 Sonlro 102
612 Ace 1081
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
jbpward; selling.
705 Little Alarm ...102 : 700 Prompto ........109
708 Magnus 104 : 374 Free Lady 104
679 Melv. Burnham.lo7 712 Soscol 104
705 Duke York 11.. 107 720 Rio Frio 104
(70S)Valenclenne ....102 710 Fleming 107
604 Daily R. Form. lo7 681 Blarney Stone. .ll2
(700)Hlghland 8a11. .103 403 Don Luis 104
708 The Ace 104 596 Roxey Murphy. lo4
633 A 1 Koran 1071 567 Irritator 104
656 Watomba 102 i 710 Na Pogue 107
■ .- ■ : •
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Sleepy Jane, P. A. Finnegan,
Xuncomar.
Second Race — Eaklns, Mnringa, Baracan.
Third Race— Mossbrae, Racivan, San Augus
tine.
Fourth Race— Daylight, Benamela, Hohen
zollern.
Fifth Race— Parthemax, Ace. Alvarado 11.
Sixth Race— Free Lady, Blarney Stone. High
land Ball. ,
ACCIDENTAL POISONING.
Clarence T. Jones, a Grove-Street
Druggist, Took an Overdose of
Laudanum.
Clarence F. Jones, a druggist residing
at 817 Grove street, came to his death
hist Wednesday evening by accldentally
taking an overdose of laudanum. He had
been sick for some days as the effect of
drinking to excess, and his attending
physician. Dr. L O. Rogers, a relative,
residing in the same house, prescribed
laudanum in certain doses. Jones' mother
gave him the first dose, and when the
time came around for the second dose
Jones helped himself in her absence, but
unfortunately took 100 much. The case
was not reported to the Coroner until
yesterday morning.
The deceased was a native of San Fran
cisco, 36 years old.
Sold for Debt.
The steamer Mount Eden was sold by
auction yesterday in front of the Mer
chants' Exchange by order of the United
States District Court to satisfy the de
mands of the creditors. Mrs. Rosa S.
Barron was the purchaser, and the price
paid was $1730.
To Cure Headache In 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists.*
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
A HOUSEWIFE'S
READY TONGS
Mrs. Amelia Smallman
Viciously Attacks Her
Landlord.
Warrant Sworn Out for Her
Arrest on the Charge of
Battery.
Mrs. Smallman and Her Husband
Came Into Prominence in the
Courts Eignteeri Years Ago.
J. H. Scott is an owner of property
on Ashbury Heights, and one of hia
houses is occupied by W. H. M. Small
man, a manufacturers' agent. Small
man was in arrears with his rent, and
Wednesday night Scott, accompanied
by his attorney, W. J. Tuska, went out
to the house to see what could be done,
as the lease of the Srnallmans does not
expire until August.
As a result of the visit Scott and Tus
ka called upon Judge Campbell yester
day morning, and Scott swore to a com
plaint charging Mr. Smallman's wife
Amelia with battery.
Scott said he went out to the house
with the most pacific intentions. They
talked over the matter of the arrears
of rent, and the Smallmans got mad.
Words not usually heard in polite so
ciety were used, and finally Scott rose,
and firmly told the Smallmans that un
less they paid the arrears of rent they
would have to get out.
Scott was walking toward the door,
followed by his attorney, when Mrs.
Smallman, who was wild with rage,
seized the tongs from the fireplace and
made a rush at Scott, striking him a
resounding whack on the back with
that homely, but necessary, instrument.
Tuska rushed between Scott and the in
furiated woman, who just then aimed
another blow at Scott, wtiich Tuska re
ceived upon his hand, which he had
thrown up to protect his client. The
force of the blow skinned his knuckles.
Scott and Tuska got out of the house
before any further personal damage
could be inflicted.
Smallman and his wife came into
prominence about eighteen years ago.
They were arrested an a charge of
swindling William Cooper and his wife,
Margery, out of $2000, which had been
given them to invest in stocks in New
York. The case attracted considerable
attention at the time, as the defend
ants were charged with grand larceny
by trick and device. It was the first
case of the kind brought before the
courts in California. The defendants
were convicted by a jury in the Supe
rior Court, and appealed to the Su
preme Court. The higher court con
firmed the judgment of the lower court,
holding that the money was received by
the Smallmans from the Coopers with
the avowed intention to defraud them,
and therefore they were to all intents
and purposes guilty of grand larceny.
They were each sentenced to four years
in San Quentin.
NEW BLOOD WILL
BE INFUSED SOON
Commercial Bodies to Help
in the Alaska Trade
Movement.
A Meeting of Business Men to Put
the Project on Its
Feet.
The State Board of Trade In taking tip
the work of the defunct AlasKa commit
tee has evidently found that it has any
thing but smooth sailing ahead. The ob
ject of the comrrllttee and the aims of
the new management was and Is to show
to the world at large that San Francisco
Is the best outfitting port on the Pacific
Coast for those who are going Into the
Yukon Valley or to any of the gold fields
of Alaska. That such is the case has been
demonstrated by facts and figures. Still
obstacles have been thrown in the way
until the lucal merchants have almost
come to the conclusion that fate is
against them in the way of their getting
a fair share of the trade in Question.
Northern cities have the advantage of
cheap railroad rates from the East, but
they are still obliged to come to San
Francisco for their goods to sell to
patrons who are going north.
The manner in which some of ihe rep
resentatives of the Alaska Trade Com
mittee gave the movement a black eye
by their conduct in the East has also had
its ellect. However, the Board ot Trade
has determined to make the bt?st of ai
fairs as it finds them and carry the pro
ject on to success. To accomplish this
outside influence and support— that is,
outside of the board — is necessary. In or
der to carefully survey the situation the
directors of the board met on Wednesday
and decided to ask for the co-operation
of the leading business and commercial
bodies of the cities. To this end the fol
lowing letter was sent out yesterday ami
speedy answers are expected from the
parties to whom they are addressed:
The California State Board of Trade having
assumed the responsibilities of continuing tin.
work originated by the Alaska Trade Commit
tee desires that one person be nominated by
each of the following organizations, to wit.
the San i ranelsco Chamber of Commerce, San
Francisco Hoard or Trade, Merchants' Asso
ciation, Producers' Exchange and the Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, who
shall constitute a ways and means and finance
committee, and whose duty it shall be to se
cure the necessary funds to carry on the work
contemplated originally In organizing the
Alaska Trade Committee, and to pay out of
such funds upon orders and vouchers of this,
board. I am directed to request you to fur
nish the name of some person in compliance
with the foregoing. It is the wish of the State
Hoard of Trade to keep this work entirely dis
tinct from its general work, and the disburse
ment of the funds raised fur this special ob
ject will be made through this proposed com
mittee. We have on hand, turned over by the
Alaska Trade Committee, the sum of ?50(i,
which will be handed to you as soon as your
committee is constituted. We trust you will
appreciate the propriety of this step taken by
our board and will send us the name as re
quested. I remain very respectfully yours,
N. P. CHIPMAN. President.
J. A. FII-CHER. Secretary and Manager.
It is believed that the bodies addressed
will respond as requested as soon as they
can be called together and steps made to
form a lively, rustling committee. The
advantages of the movement are so well
understood that no time will be lost in
useless discussion, but the delegates will
get down to business and devise ways
and means to keep the ball rolling. Ev
ery day information reaches this city of
large parties about to start for the
Klondike and of their intentions to make
the start from San Francisco. To not be
ready for this trade is not business-like
in the least. To-day or to-morrow a ship
load of miners are due here from Aus
tralia, ana more are expected from the
East almost any time.
Exhibition by the Boys' Club.
An Invitation has been extended by the
board of managers of the San Francisco
Boys' Club Association to all those inter
ested in the work of the club to visit the
club house at 8 o'clock this evening to see
what has been accomplished in manual
training since the opening of the present
term. All of the occupations now taught
will be illustrated by boys at work, both
in the house and out in the workshops.
These occupations consist of sloyd
whittling, printing, mechanical drawing,
rope-mat making, chair caning, metal
work, charcoal drawing, shcpplns bags,
basket work, hammock making, drawing,
and brush making There is also a chem
ical laboratory and gymnasium at the
disposal of members of the club. Dunns
the course of the exhibition this evening
there will be a drill by the "DrHl Corps"
of the club.
SCHOOLS IN THE RICHMOND.
Point Lobos Improvement Club En
ters a Protest Against City-
Officials.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club at
its meeting Wednesday niKht spoke in no
uncertain language of the mismanage
ment of the school funds in so far as the
Board of Education has been neglectful
in not providing school accommodation
for the children of that district. It is also
true that a certain amount of blame Is
attached to the Supervisors for not pro
viding sufficient funds out of which
school buildings should be erected for the
housing of all children entitled to a pub
lic education, but it is held by the mem
bers of this club that other seeming ex
travagances in the distribution of the
school funds should in a measure be
stopped when the great necessity is con
fronted of providing buildings for the
hundreds of children now compelled to
roam about the streets of the city, when
by right they should b« attending school.
It was stated by some of the speakers
that there were upward of 200 children in
the Richmond District for whom no school
accommodation was to he had.
This condition of affairs was charac
terized as "a burning shume" to the city
of San Francisco, where taxpayers are
so willing to contribute for the mainten
ance of the public school?, yet the chil
dren for whose benefit tnls money is be
ing collected get the least benefit from
The members of the club did not quite
charge wrongdoing to any of those in
authority, but they hinted very strongly
at bad management somewhere where it
should not be. There are certain streets
the improvement of which could and
should be cut down when such a thing as
education for the children is at stake.
"The cry," as one speaker said, of
giving to every child in the land an edu
cation in the public schools, where the
spirit of patriotism may be instilled into
their young minds, may be all well
enough to read about in Fourth of July
orations, but if the entire country does
ns Ran Francisco is now doing this boast
ed patriotism will soon be a thing of the
past."
The committee appointed at a previous
meeting of the club to "stay with the
question of getting from the Supervisors
at the next annual levy a sufficient ap
propriation to provide acnoolfl for the
Richmond District was urged to use all
the proper means at its disposal for that
end.
There was a good attendance or ladies
present at the meeting, the object of
which was to show how deeply interested
the whole community is in this one ques
tion of having school accommodation
provided for the children.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEI*
Mrs F Wall. Chicago Col Preston. London
A B Corman. Para H U Yprlngton & w.
C Dunphy. Stanford T Flint Jr, S Juan
M J Enright. Mllwkf Carson
J Baer. Cinncinnati Mrs Lee, Hartford
M Kuhn, N V Miss Lee. Hartford
E Openhym. N V Mrs C N Lee, N V
Dr Perry, V S M C Miss A Schmidt. N V
Mrs Martin. Dunkirk Miss ■: Schmidt, N V
Miss Martin. Dunkirk Mrs Pruyn, Albany
II Martin. Dunkirk Miss Pruyn. Albany
C N Martin. Dunkirk Miss McElroy. Albany
J H Hackett & w, M Harrison. F'hlla
Dunkirk R E Moore & w, Phtla
Leo Wormser & w, A B Kelly, Phila
Dunkirk J C Andprson. Phila
Miss Cunningham, la S N Rucker, H Jose
A W Becker. Chicago J Sj-eer & w, Pa
W J Pollard. Ga Mrs Hoi ton. Milwaukee
G E Uuxton, Phoenix \Mn James & d. Mass
J Dunne. Brooklyn |\v Gelshensen &w, N
Mrs Dunne, Brooklyn .lisa C Gelshenen. N T
i' G Abbott & w. Cal '(iss M Gelshenen/.N V
B F Stevens. Boston .V Gelshenen Jr. X -*
G H Middlebrook & w. W Gelshenen, N V
Hosti>n , Mise Dunne, X V
A Cameron A- w. BMti;R H Stewart. Bciston
J A Hamilton, X V |M Voorsanger *iw, X T
Hln E Goodman. Napri ' W Jameson & c. Minn
Miss X Goodman. NapaiSfra Heavenen&e, Minn
,\ W Maltby & iv, Chi- Miss Jameson. Maine
cago |H Goodman & w, Xapa
M H Foley. Pt Paul ,
GRAND HOTEL.
A M Stewart .^ w, Ind C G Meyer, Milwaukee
J Pettigrcw. Com) J n "VVrilfht. I'ortland
C T Hughes, Sacto L G Lautzenheiser, Col
C F Howe. Chicago G H Knight. Cal
Mrs A J Fisher. 11l D C Wallace Jr. Xeb
U S Hiiokman. Cal X M Wallace. Xeb
W Schaefer, Bremen J C Gray. Cal
C Phelps, Sai: .l.is^ W McMullenney. Sacto
W F Jordan. Stockton A Stevenson & w. c, t l
Miss L M Moor?. Cal W J Kelson. Barton
C Cummings *i w, CalL G Smith & w, Cal
E J Mason, Boston IT Clark. Santa Barb
W W Chapman. Sacto iG R Stewart & w, Cal
T H Green, San Rafael: Mrs E M SchoU. Cal
M Uelcker. Berkeley C P Kimball & d. 11l
J Ryan. Pleasanton !g H Leonard. St Paul
W C Allen. Larkspur D J Corb. Chicago
Mrs A F Perham. '';,i Mrs T J Wall. Chicago
L H Ross, Victoria A H Coman. Illinois
G Setbold, Ft Louia W W Pattersor.. Cal
Mrs M D Davis, Cal iMrs W E Borah, Boise
M;3s Davis, Cal Jr B Hamilton. Xapa
F H Raub. Denver ;Dr Robertson & w, Cal
O Saver, Denver |W H Eckhardt. Sacto
P F Long, r>t-nver C E Lindsay. Sta Cruz
T C Perkins. Somervlle L A Spitzer. San Jose
J Morson &w, Ohio jH R Duffln, L.-> s Ang
A G Weed, Hartford 'Mrs E J Dowlen, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
S Tate. Sacto E W Hale, Sacto
G Spargo. Sacto E E Parmlee, X V
E Sprague, Sacto G S Bullock, Chicago
G O'Neil, Boston W S Norton, Cal
C Brocks. Oakland F H Carroll. Omaha
G B Bradshaw. U S X N- Abrams. Hanford
C F Preston. U S N iff J Lmengan. Los AnK
D Roscoe, Oakland H Ogden. Chicago
D F Fox, Sacta Mr & Mrs Milton, Cal
W H Viogel. Cal W Purnell. Sacto
M E Harris. Oakland \H A Marrkres. S Jose
X G Giovanni, Oaklnd R Simpson, Loj. Ang
Mrs Giovanni, (mklanj J F Broon, Los Ang
B C Soule. Oakland J M Meyer. N V
E B La ven worth. Cal W Kells, Jamestown
J Washouse, Oregon H Brown. Oakdale
F D Cobh. Stockton P Bacon. England
E H Quimhy, Mo H O'Neil. Cal
J W Hadiey. Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L H Williams, Cal N Jackson, Fresno
J Lawler, Petaluma J Watson. Xapa
D H Sullivan. Cal H C Gulteau, L Ang
F Hansen. Houldin Isl W H DcForest. L A
D L Ordway, S Jose H N Cram. S Diego
C Johnson, IJvrrmore F O Farmer, S Diego
M Howell. Hanford J Mabel. Visalla
J r.olger, Riverside S H Miller. L Ang
C Simrkey. Reno F Brandt & w. Stktn
W Holloway, Chicago P B Ewing, Or
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'ciock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are dosing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, vfiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspread?, pillow-shams, table covers,
tf.wuls, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, loj Fifth st.
AIiVIXE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15*. Turk Ft. and 111 Market.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 -up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth st., or 23. Third st.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $1. 17A Sixth st.. room 1.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MISS Mays" genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 1 -amy St., room 9. .
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C BOS-
TOCK, the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market St., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made,
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st.. room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2. U6A Grant aye : elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
DIVIfVfiM) NOT CI-.S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutehlnson Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. on and after
Monday. March 21. 18S8. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, Marr-h IS. IS9B. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
j YERBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No.
I— Regular meeting THIS (FRIDAY) '^f
EVENING, March 11, at S o'clock. A
GEORGE. J. HOBE. Secretary. *&£&
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. < -X_«
T.. Masonic Temple. Post and Mont- i«~«,
gomety sts.-Regular assembly THIS II
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. W
Order of the Temple. All fraters are courte-
ously invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
_ SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Supar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st.. San
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Sth day
of March. 189S, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books .will close on Friday. March
IS, ISHB. at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John E. Burton, in the Green
Mountais mine, near Mokelumne Hill. Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings In Chile
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company,
In the Harvllle mine, near Placerville. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailln.es in Martinez
Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings In Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch, -Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings In a ravine, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on March 2S.
1695. at 1:30 p. m.
4 MARKET ST. -Branch office of The Cwi.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FRENCH second girl, best of city references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
RELIABLE woman for cooking or housework;
American ur English family; a good plain
cook and bread maker; references: city or
short distance in country. 474 Jessie, nr. 6th.
STRONG young American woman wants day
work cleaning, washing or moving. Address
24 Verona st., off Third, bet. Folsom and
Harrison.
AMERICAN woman, good cook, wishes work
in small family; no washing; city references;
$15 per month; good home an object. 236
Minna Et.
SITUATION wanted as waitress; city or coun-
try. Call 43 Willow aye., near Polk st.
WANTED— By young woman, with a child 6
years old, a situation to do general house-
work or housekeeping. 403 Third st.
REFINED woman would like chamber work
or housework. 2 or 3 in family, where she
would be treated same as family. 121!) Mission.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
housekeeper; good cook; city or country; best
of references. 1920 Howard st., top floor.
NICE young girl wants a position to do general
housework; good references. Call at 1051 Mis-
sion st., between Sixth and Seventh.
STRONG young German girl would like situa-
tion; city or country. 51 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS American cook, with references,
wishes situation in private family; city or
country. 74S Howard st.
DANISH woman would like a position at
housework in small American family. Please
call at 121SH Mission st.
WANTED — By a first-class cook, a position in
private family or small boarding house. Call
or aiMr.-ss ',"'M Jackson st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a
place as working housekeeper: first-class
references. iriTtO Capp St., near 20th.
AN elderly lady wants situation to assist in
small private family; a good home wanted.
226 Filbert St. _
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation;
good cook and laundress; city or country; not
afraid to work. Call at 731 Folsom st.
yOUNQ woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; small wages. Address, with
full particulars. L. M.. Call office, Oakland.
TOUNQ girl of good family wishes a situa-
tion to assist or do light housework In a
small family; good home preferred to high
wages. Address M. W., box 4. Call office.
WOMAN wlrhes position as housekeeper or
light housework In small family; is a good
plain cook; steady and reliable; good refer-
ences if required. 511 Minna St.
WANTED— Situation as linen woman or
straight chamber work In hotel; country pre-
ferred; best city references. Address C. L.
R., 327 Clementina st.
TAILORESS wants work; good buttonhole
feller and padding; city or country. Ad-
dress C. LUTHER. UK O'Fnrrell st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class waitress
•and parlormaid; good references. Box S 1490,
Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as cook;
first-class references; city or country. Ad-
dress Cook, box 9, Call office. Oakland.
BY respectable lady, would like position as
housekeeper; city. Box H. 333, Call office.
COLORED girl desires situation as lady's
maid or second girl. 503 Hyde st.
FIFTH. 221— Nice, sunny, clean room for work-
Ing people. $1 to $3 p«-r week.
YOUNG lady, speaking English, German and
Danish, wishes a position as companion to a
lady or as nursery governess: no objections
to traveling. Address MISS ERICKSON, 25
Clipper ft., bet. 25th and 26th.
PRACTICAL and thoroughly first-class ladles'
tailor from Paris, London and New York,
with some good experience in cutting and
fitting, wants a situation In a first-class
house. Hox 1600. Call office.
LADY desires position as nurse or traveling
companion: can give references. Address 131
Montgomery st.
WANTED— By trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country. 110
Sixth st.
GIRL wants position second work: good sewer;
wages $12. Address A. P., box 71. Call office.
LADY wishes plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 116 Sixth st.. room 6.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
GOOD cook and housekeeper; city or country;
references. Address MRS. J. W., box 10. Call
Office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. i>B9 Howard st., cor.
Sixth, room 14.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper; country preferred. Call 109 A
Powell St.. room 39.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, ay.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1.«97. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary-
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. 805 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
bpst help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
JAPANESE Employm't Office- Best beta arvi
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOS Polk: tel. Polk 422.
TRAVELING salesman of considerable experi-
ence wants side line on commission: tea, cof-
fee or a line to sell to hotels or restaurants;
commission to be paid when goods are ac-
cepted by the buyer; I carry Bradstreet. Ad-
dress Commercial Traveler, box 1492. Call.
YOUNG man wishes employment as book-
keeper or cashier; have experience and good
references; city preferred. Address box 2066,
Call office.
ELDERLY man wants position to take care of
gentleman's place in country; good gardener;
can milk cows; understands raising vege-
tables. S. N. HAHONEY, BM church st.
MAN, handy with tools, desires work as chore-
man; care of horses; small wages; city refer-
ences. Liox 2216, Call office.
BARBER, first-class man. 29 years of age.
married, wants steady work In first-class
shop only. Address L. LAMBERT. 431 Sixth.
HEAD meat and pastry cook and wife wish
positions; can take full charge of kitchen;
thoroughly reliable. 821 Market, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position as clerk; any-
thing reasonable accepted; references. Box
2065. Call office.
HARNESS maker wants situation; city or
country. 953^ Howard St.
YOUNG man of 22, handy with tools, desires
position of some kind. Box 2056, Call.
MAN wishes position as cook In hotel or board-
ing hous.»; country preferred. Box 2059, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 2C, 7 years' experience
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern; moderate salary
with chance for advancement. X box
Call office. '°'
RELIABLE, steady. middle-aged German
wishes position in private family; good driver'
understands gardening; handy with tools-
references: city or country. Box 1520, Call. '
BY respectable man, clerical work evenings 6
to 9:30: good references; or will take any
kind of honorable employment. M box 44
Call office.
MAX and wife as Janitors; will do all repairs
or fixing to tenants' satisfaction. Address M
TUCKER. US O'Farreil st.
SITUATIONS Vv'ANTED— Continued.
CARPENTER by trade: handy with all kinds
of tools; accustomed to management of real
property; low wages. C. X., box 12, Call.
AN accomplished middle-aged German gentle-
man desires Immediately any employment, in
city or country. Address E. M., box 101, Call.
CLERK in hardware and stove store or general
merchandise: country town preferred; refer-
ences. Address E.. box 9, Call office. Oakland.
EXPERT watchman or special police would
like to find a situation; can furnish best of
references. Address F. G... 515. Bush st.
JAPANESE young man wants a situation to do
school boy. Address YAMADA. 1329 Pine St.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife on a
gentleman's farm or ranch. Box A 1401, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position:
references. Box I'2T. Call office.
MAN wants situation as gardener or to take
care of horses; handy about the house. 703&
Buchanan st.
YOUNG man wants situation: any kind of
work; city or country; understands cows,,
horses, garden: reference. Address J. A. |
MacDONALD, 214 Third st.
GOOD, steady and reliable butcher wishes a
situation in the city. Address 2965 Twenty-
first st.
ENGLISH groom, middle aged, steady and reli-
able, wants work; good city references; small
wages. Address Groom, box 1490. Call office.
BUSINESS men— Practical bookkeeper and of-
fice manager wants to fill vacancy occasioned
by Klondike exodus or otherwise. Account-
ant. 1212 Castro St.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry-
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
TWO waitresses. Willows, $17 50. ■ fare paid;
waitress, Marysville, $20, fare paid; 3 wait-
resses for water resort. $20; waitress, Napa,
$15; restaurant waitress. $6; waitress, $5; 2 |
waitresses, $4. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary St. ' ' _^ ' |
RANCH cook for Lindsay. $20, fare paid; ranch
cook for Colllnsville. $18. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
WAITRESS, country, $20 and fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St. -
COLORED housegirl, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
GERMAN girl for house and laundry work (no
cooking) $25; call early; 2 German cooks, JJS;
5 houseglrls, $20; cook. Mill Valley, $25; call
early; girl, Berkeley, $20; Swedish or German
laundress, institution, $20, call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
MARIA SCOW, please call. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 1 08 Geary st.
SECOND girl and nurse, 2 grown children. $25;
German chambermaid and nurse. $25: 2 laun-
dresses, private families, $25 and $30; 4 cooks, j
German style. $25; cook, private boarding I
house, $25; 8 waitresses, hotels and restaur-
ants. '$20 and $25, and a great many girls to I
fill our numerous situations in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, first-class country hotel. $22 50;
laundress and assist with chamberwork.
country hotel. $20; good, plain cook and do
general housework, country, $2o; women on
ranches. $15. etc. MURRAY _ READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634-636 (..lay St.
TWO second girls. *$15 and $18; 10 girls for
housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin st.
YOUNG women in great demand for city and
country; wages $25 to $10. MRS.. SPENCER.
1321 Park st., Alameda. ■
WANTED— MiddIe-aged German girl to attend
to delicacy store/Inquire between 2 and 4
at 3535 Seventeenth St., near Guerrero.
GIRL for general housework; sleep home. Ap-
ply at 606 Fillmore St., between 9 and 12
o'clock Friday morning.
COMPETENT housekeeper, place In city;
waist trimmers; seamstress; milliners. 1023
Market st. -r-
HEAD milliner;, salesladies; young ladles as
clerks; references required. 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS girl finisher on ladles' tailor-
ing. M. FEDER, 325 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— A young girl to take care of a
baby. 2211 Sutter st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework and
cooking. Call at 909 Ellis st. :y. . ,;;
GIRL for housework, $10 a month. 2306 Sutter.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Ap-
ply at 2904 California st.
FIRST-CLASS weavers on wrappers, etc. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 328 Fell St. v '
MIDDLE-AGED- woman to do general ' house-
work. 1230 Treat aye. .;....
MIDDLE-AGED woman to take care of a
baby. 2323>4 . Pine st. . . ■. . ■ |
BUTTER-MAKER or milkhandler. direct from ,
the East. E. CR AN PALL, 136 Mississippi. |
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Lev! Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
. Ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32VJ Fremont st.
LADIES— Sunny rooms: respectable house;
from 25c night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.
MEN ar.ci women learn barber trade In 6
weeks. PROF. TOM CROKER. 346 Seventh.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 14 McAllister
St.: monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and •vant ad» taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— Ranch blacksmith, first-class place,
$40 per month and board; young man to drive
milk wagon in city, references required, $20
and found; strong young German for private
family, to work In garden, etc. ; strong boy
for factory in city, $3 per week and Increase;
also farmers, milkers and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay St. ■
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
5 cooks wanted,. sso, $45 and $30; 3 waiters, $25
and $20; pantryman. ' $23 and found; bellboy:
third cook, $23; baker, small. MURRAY &
HEADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st . ' ' . .
FOREMANSHIP positions— Shift boss for a
gravel ; mine. $2 50 day and increase; straw
boss to handle scraper crew. $30 and found. ,
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st. ,
AGRICULTURAL, Mechanical and Sawmill
Department— Blacksmith, $3 day; horseshoer,
country shop. $3 day; 2 coal miners. $2 day; '
young man, some knowledge of wagon wood-
work, country shop; 156 woodchoppers, $125
and $1 cord: 365 tiemakers: 15 farm, orchard ■
and vineyard hands, different places, $25, $20
and $15; 6 laborers, city Job; 5 laborers for
San Mateo County; 6 milkers. $25 and $20; 3 •
' choremen for ranches. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
If you want first-class help we will supply It
free of charge. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
. ing Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st. tele-
phone Main 5848. . ,
MANAGING steward for an Institution;, must
be a hotel man who understands the back of
. the hefuse. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. IPS Geary.
GROCERY clerk who can give the best of ref-
erences from some large house, $60; country;
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
COOK who can bake for a sailing vessel bound '
London, see party here 10 a. . m., $40; chop-
house cook for Vancouver, B. C. $12 a week;
. cook, small hotel near city. $10: cook, $9 a
week; second cook, small hotel, $30; kitchen
. hand, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
WAFFLE and toast man ' for a country hotel
$35 and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO
108 Geary st. "
HEAD waiter, $75 — : :
5 waiters for a country hotel, $35 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
ELEVATOR boy, $18; bellboy. $10. C. R HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st *v ' "■ HAN
WOODCHOPPERS. $1 70 a cord. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st. :
WANTED— Engineer and machinist. 30c hour-
3 ship carpenters. 30 to 40c hour; 6 boat-
builders, $3 aO day; errand boy for country
97 and . board: 50 laborers for mill and woods!
. $26 and found: milkers, farmers, railroad tie-
makers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— lnside servant, private rnmily $15
and found; cooks, waiters and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.; 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook, hotel. $60: second
k V Sa , n<lwl . on Island ". $50: cook for family.
$40: butler. $40; boy for private family. $5;
frenchman to deliver and do porter's work
in a store, • $2.'. and board: dishwasher. $25;
■ boy In a factory. $2 ■ week; porter, plain ;
hotel. $10. Htc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st
WAITER, Rrat-rIAS* country hotel free -- fare -
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny It.
4?Ji^? S Ass Fr KmploymT Office. S.
II ' US. Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
SOLICITORS. : male or female. In each town
and city; staple article: factory to consumer-
exclusive territory; permanent position: • $50
2213 Call" office" ' estabUshed 7 >' ears - Box
PHOTOGRAPHY — Wanted, outdoor operator
with 011 1 .fit : . good . chance , f or live man. Box
, iOKy,. Can ofn^_ chance for Uve man - Box
GREEN hands and seamen; good Job for sum-
mer; come early. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at.
BA RBER " wanted for ; Saturday and Sunday.
USSVi Folsom st. .'-.-■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
IDENTICAL Wttb tbe system' Vf ail w f": e^ ( b t :
lished mercantile institutions .opera ed upon
the subscription or membership basis Is the
old "Reliable Clerks' Exchange Employment
Clearing-house." 313 Bush St.; maintaining
strictly confidential relations between the
employing business establishments and tne
reliable help seeking to advance their posi-
tions; systematically investigating creden-
tials, : submitting results, and ultimately
bringing the employer and applicant to-
gether, committing neither party, and going
over the same matter again and again un-
til both are suited: the supply being ereater
than the demand the demand -Is supplied
"free of any expense whatever": the supply
pays less than 10c per week. Inclose stamp
for catalogue.
THE Clerks' Exchange does not sell positions;
the management will not promise or guar-
antee situations: the business is operated
strictly upon a subscription basis: investi-
gate. 313 Bush st ; 6 Pacific Coast flees;
one membership fee covers all.
LIQUOR salesman, city trade: dress goods
salesman, South. 313 Bush Bt. -
OYSTER opener: head chef new hotel; city
salesman, liquors: waiters. 1023 Market st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper and office cashier.
$50 bond: grocery clerk; hotel waiter. 1023
Market st. -
MANAGER and bookkeeper, general mer-
chandise store, $150; bellboys, city hotel. 1023
Market st.
LANDSCAPE gardener for cemetery, refer-
ences required: teamster; 2 grocery clerks.
1023 Market st.
DRY goods clerks; dress goods clerks; general
store clerks: head cook. 313 Bush st.
TRAVELING salesmen for gents' furnishings,
wines, gums; grocery clerk. 313 Bush St.
HOTEL clerk; bus driver; second cook; ma-
chinists; 10 young men for toys and general
departments. 313 Bush st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission St., cor-
ner Fourth.
BARBER wanted. 9 Taylor street.
GOOD barber for Saturday, $3. Coll 8:80 o'clock.
623 Clay st.
STEADY barber wanted at 436 Bush street.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3. 2043 Mis-
sion st. .
BARBER to buy an old-established shop; very
reasonable. Call at 581 Geary st.
WANTED — Boatbuilders. ship carpenters, ma-
chinist and engineer. 718 Third st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at northeast corner of
Beale and Howard sts. • .
GOOD carriage and wagon woodworker for new
work. S2S Harrison st.
WANTED— Boy experienced In book-keeping.
Address box 2058, Call Office.
WANTED— Drug clerk, German preferred.
Call after 9 a. m., 158 Eddy st.
SHOEMAKER boy wanted; good reference re-
qulred. 638 Market st.
EXPERIENCED dress, domestic and fancy
goods j salesmen. Box 2060. Call Office.
WANTED— A good restaurant waiter! 113
Fourth st. .
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; fine custom coats.
32 Hunt St., corner of Third.
FIRST-CLASS loom fixer to fix fancy looms.
Address SAN JOSE WOOLEN MILL, Saa
Jose, Cal.
WANTED— messenger boy. Apply Postofflca
box 2048 in own handwriting; state age and
give references.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of thtj
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Presser . on pants. 8 Grant aye.,
upstairs.
WANTED— Errand boy; state age. Address
Boy. box 1401. Call office.
WANTED — First-class waiter. Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st.
FOR SALE— 3-chalr • barber shop and
. baths: cheap. Inquire 437 Fourth st.
WANTED— thoroughly experienced dress
goods salesmen. Apply 523 Market st., room
7, from 2 to 4 p. m.
, . . _ ' — — — — — —
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG, machine
works, 105 Fremont St.
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string, to
Join orchestra for social purposes. = , Apply A.
MATTHIEU. 328 Bush st. ;■,. ,y. : .
WANTED — Montana House. 764% Mission
St.. men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week. ■
PHYSICIAN wanted Immediately for country;
must be able man. Box 1497. Call office.
WANTED— Young man who has had experience
in raising poultry on a large scale; must
know how to milk: wages $20. Address A. 8..
box 1467, Call office. ■ %
MAN able to speak German or French In wine-
house as barkeeper; also must know how to
sell goods indoors only one of good charac-
ter need apply. Box 1495, Call office.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms at
2 nights for 25c or 75c week. 105 New Mont-
gomery st.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD. Secy.. 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 \hlrd -.t. ; 150 largo
rooms ; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13S^ Eighth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET. Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. 863V> (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 250
to 60c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
•
AGENTS ANTED.
WANTED— In every city on the coast for Rex
Incandescent Gas Lamps. J. HENDERSON,
309 Stockton st. ■ - -
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. SAO Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA , Auction Co. Removed to 13 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; lub-
scilptions and want ids taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $5000; good-paying Invest-
ment; will pay to Investigate. Box 2057. Call.
PARTNER wanted in the house-moving busi-
ness. Apply 431 Hayes st.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— rooms and board for gent, wife
' and child; must be reasonable, nice location
and private family: state terms: no others
answered. Box 2055. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady wants sunny room; rent not to
exceed $6. Box 2003. Call office.
ANTED—MISCELLANEOUS. *
WANTED— SSOOO worth of ; second-hand tools
and machinery. 654 Mission et. :
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animal*.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. ■■■•, v ■-.'
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
CARPE'; CLEANING. 1%
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor - work
•send to SPAULDINU'S Pioneer ■. Carpet-
beating Works.; 3s3-57 Tehama St.; tel. 80. • 40.
J. WATTS.- reliable carpet -cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE .Carpet Cleaning ■ Co.. 402 Suiter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c' per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT -Eastern ' ': Steam Carpet -Cleaning;?
Works, 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201."
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. :. cleaning. 3c. a yard; tel. Mission .74. 7. :
CONKLIN'S -Beat Ing Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. .: : :-.*.,.
CARPET^ l^^SAL^^V^
10.000 . YARDS carpets for sale, - 15c per yard
and V: upward... Monarch Carpet Cleaning
. Works. 115 Tenth st. Tel. Mint 1778. •BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— slsoo; old-established saloon - with -15 -fur-
nished rooms; doing a first-class P a sSf. ""„
ness; choicest location; close to fiis- ana
Market sts.: net rent only (40; wIU sell <£
exchange for property. Inquire \\ li-,h.iu. •-■>
Market st. ~ __. -
A $500 GROCERY and provirion *«° r ' d
choicest location In Oakland: < ••!> **>[
many years and doing good bu^____* %3% 3
ing-rooms: rent $15. Inquire WILKb. «s
Market st.
HSS"-" 2i3ose^KSSy g a3d
loon, with living-rooms, close to owner
S&fcft, tjeW WILKE.
~_^^^_^^:ffiS2SSg
■ r th!"* 8^
restaurant ; doing I a rusn "is owner to lake
ro"r o" S "rVnab" W man ->,-. Particulars
WILKE, 753 Market st.« j _
i raToon with 9 furnished rooms, on How-
»900-s.\i.i'"N v nresent owner is years; doing
:%'Wn»^«£y- Call WILKE, 753
Market st. ; ,
' RPSTAI'BANT in largest manufacturing
J "X ; n-V of city; receipts $55 per day;
oroof furnished an.l trial given if you mean
busTne-'sl rre_t_only_t3o. M. LESS, 765 Market.
IGOO PARTNER wanted in a commission busi-
ness "established over 30 years, doing a good
paving business: best of references furnished;
thorough Investigation allowed; must be a
steady, sober man. M. LESS, 765 Market st. ;
$550— BAKERY and coffee saloon across the
bay; six rooms; furniture included; owner
owns the building; cheap rent. M. LESS,
7«m Market st. __
$200 COR. saloon, among wholesale houses:
large stock; •.•■hi cheap; paying trade; good
place for 2 men. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
t2so^-PARTNEB wanted in restaurant: well
paying: principal; central; owner tired of un-
reliable help; sober man. M. LESS, 765 Mkt.
GOOD old-established manufacturing business
In th city for sale; either cash or will trade
for city or country property: price less than |
value of stock and fixtures; no reasonable
offer refused: a grand opportunity for any
one. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel. $950
Fruit store; best in the city 600
Stationery store in Hayes Valley 500
Restaurant, best in city. 300
Saloon; fine corner, down town 2000
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
NEW and second-hand furniture store for sale
at a bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
BAKERY; large oven: receipts $40 day; biggest
bargain ever offered. DECKER, 1020 Market.
CIGAR-STAND, near Examiner office, worth
JIOOO, only $450. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— s2so; HOME bakery: bargain at $500: noth-
ing ike it ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22^4
Geary st. __ J _________
A— sso>) ; SALOON and lunch, near theaters;
snap.
J6-.o— Saloon; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KREDO & CO.. WJJ Geary.
$4..,O_COKNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$<00— Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
$260- Very nice cigar store; good location.
»300— Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
[150— PARTNER wanted in light business re-
quiring the services of a steady man; no ex-
perience necessary; trial given; $15 to $20 a
week. '-*'■•• Market St., room 17.
$3'>>O— MANAGING partner wanted in a sound,
profitable business: good salary to the right
man; references required. , Box 2100." Call.
HALF . Interest in well-established butcher
business; centrally located; good-paying busi-
ness.. Address box 4. Call office, Oakland.
tSo« — GROCERY,, centrally located in Oakland;
elegant room; established trade. Address
. ■'Grocer." box 11. Call office. Oakland.
SALOON— Good bargain; good stand: no agent;
northeast cor. Third and Brannan sts. W.
H. PAYNE.
JOB printing office; over $700 a year guaran-
teed to purchaser. Box 2067. Call office. ti. -:■•■■'.
SALOON for sale on account of sickness; bar-
gain. 2006 Flllmore st.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
1755 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco; ■i rooms; all new beds: on one floor:
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of rentwing same; on investment of $2900. for
ISJT eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real- •
Izerl over all expenses, which can be proved.
with even better prospects this year; for sale
cr. accoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
U>-ESTABLISHED grocery business; fine
neck; paying business; party retiring ac-
count ape; also dwelling. 9 rooms; modern
inprovements; stable; lot 120x150; easy terms.
Lock box 313. Napa, Cal.
0 INVESTED enables you- to join enterprise
low yielding 130 per cent monthly; no stock
,r -icinniiike scheme; safe, practical success.
>avi.l F.'oane, 110 St. ■•.•hi! st.-. Baltimore, -Md. j
$1000— ONE-TENTH interest in advertising bus-
iness; at conservative estimate will net $5000
a year in S. F. ; Investor can handle his ; own
money. Apply CAHILL. 107 Sixth st. .
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. .The American Turf Bureau.
rooms 5 and 6. &50 Market St., San Francisco.
$S00 — GOOD laundry route, horse and wagon;
small steam laundry; 4 furnished rooms pay
the rent; good location: -going to Klondike.
Address box 500, Call office. .
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
LONG established wholesale produce commis-
sion business for sale; principals only. C. C, i
box IS, Call office.
$350— A paying restaurant on Market st. ; steady
boarders: oak furniture; .rent $30. Address
box '■ 47, Call office.
SALOON, 18 Sixth St.; a bargain to a quick
cash buyer. Inquire between 8 and 9:30 a. m.,
A McDONALD. 25 Davis st.
V.'AXTED- Ladles' tailor: good cutter; fine
proposition. WILSON, ion Market st.
GOOD morning paper route; part cash. 6 Eddy
St.. bet. l and 2 o'clock. J. M. MARTIN.
CANDY and ice cream store; a bargain. 1422
Polk st. .
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
place for man and wife. .117 Fillmore st.
DOWN town saloon for sale. Apply National
Brewing Co. . ~ • *
OLD- ESTABLISHED news and " stationery
Ftore and laundry office, doing good business:
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 101% Fifth.
LADY desires working partner with some capi-
tal in paying business. Call or address M.
E. 1... 421 Minna st.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery. _ ...
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale at
a sacrifice at $200. 155 Eleventh, near Howard.
WELL-PAYING restaurant for sale. , Apply 651
Sacramento st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; good
order; tow rent; investigate. 243 Fourth st.
FOR eale — One of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st. ; - '
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine. st:. city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
Berry *=*■• near Third.
GOOD paying restaurant; ayerage $15 per day;
low rent: selling account of departure. Ap-
].;>• 2424 Mission St. ■
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
GOOD saloon for sale; full stock; price $250.
Box 1442, Call office.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento «t
EDUCATION
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es! electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
ATRES 1 Business"' College, 723 Market st;;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life .scholar-
ship, tSf; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical,, min-
ing mi«-h. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve..
tit. mi VAN PER NAILEN. 533 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course in Tarr - counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238 Mar-
. ketst.; 124 positions. in 'i*>; 103 in '97. ' ~'v - .':
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
roat; day. night; $5 mo. 1504 Market. np..Bth.
FIBK- Agency. 823 Market st.; Teachers fur
nlsh^d: public; private; governcsaes, tutors.
MiSS GAMBLE'S Dancing School. 317 Devisa-
dero; adulta. Frl., 8 p. m.; children, Thu.. 3..M.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month.- MARY WKSTHAUfI. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French,
Spanish ; new classes; X mo. . 109 .Taylor St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without " success; r collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, .deeds, .damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, . bllls-of-sale, • r patents,
trademarks, etc. established 10 years. G. W.
■ HOWE, att-at-law, SSO Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless- successful.
W.« W. DAVIDSON. m Market at. ' ',
PERSONALS.
TEDDlE— Write to me"ind~send"your~audresT;
I am sick. c. A. W.
BOXING and bag punching taught by an ex-
pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings;, moderate. Address box 1460, Call office.
STRONG healthy young man wants to be
staked to the Klondike.; can easily arrange.
_Box 1506, Call office.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT
RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mas<jn St.; private
rooms.
FEW ladies can join party going to Klondike.
Vddross box 50. Call office.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
A FIIEE prescription for monthly lrreguluri-
ties; it never fails to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pUTs or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $5 order,
after which It can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents: by sending $2 in 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months; office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. 36',ii Geary st.,
San Francisco.
HOW to become a hypnotist by the quickest
method and to exert a magic Influence over
everything in this world and to cure diseases
and bad habits. Full information sent free
by PROF. HERIN. Masonic Temple, Deca-
tur. 111.
TRAINED nurse, first-class references, would
like 2 more patients to give bath and massage
daily or tri- weekly; Ssc a treatment. N. 0..
box 148, Call office.
WANTED— First-class old violin; lady's size.
<;Ho. M.. box 1173, Call Office.
NEW method massage, electric theatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, IIS Grant ay.
THE correct dressing of the hair is highly im-
portant: my ertists are correct; 25c only.
Good switches. $1; best, finest quality, $3 50:
extra heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER, HI Stockton St.
UriNONIA Hair Tonic stops falling or thin-
ning out. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
2r,c to ?1 TO pc - night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Sai: Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS i CO., 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, bathsT^massage ; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 2.", second floor.
TRUNKS moved. 26c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. 'L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale fisrures. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
M.ME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE —
Wanted— lB more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 16, in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
' merit guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21. Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
GUIDE for the Yukon: returned from Dawson
this winter;, will be back this spring to re-
present my mining interest: be recommended
as a sure guide t the interior; true infor-
mation can be given, how to go, what to
take and about the mining districts, where
I was personally prospecting and locating:
contract? to guide parties to the Klondike
wHI be taken. Address F. H.. box 1.",13. Call.
(JIVE yonr gold-saving machines practical
demonstration; "Prospect Camp." on wean
beach; for sale cheap. WILLIAM PATTER-
SON (V- CO., south Bide U. 8. Life-saving
Station.
THE swift and newly-fitted sailer Helen W.
Almy will now leave for Copper River and
Cook's Inlet about March 15; low rates for
passage and freight. Apply at once, MOHNS
& KALTENBACH, 2* Maiket rt. _
STEAMBOAT companies wtsbtag to get cap-
tains, pilots, barge pilots of 20 years' expe-
rience for light draught boats can get same
by applying 2 Cal. St. Capt. F. H. < ruthors.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
WHAT you must have -The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First st.
i ;< " ■!■ strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: be*>t made, for sale by
ail outfitters. SAMMANN. 123S Flllmor^ st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard, 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and t.est Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st
i GENITNF; arctic fur clothing: heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
! OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. O. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
LODGINU HOUSES FOR SALE.
11-ROOM house; sunny corner; fine $500
26 rooms ; new and good 1400
6 rooms and bath 325
19 rooms; partly furnished boO
36 rooms, on Mission 1000
18 rooms on Golden Gate: fine 1100
I 7 rooms, near Baldwin- bargain 250
| 32 rooms, on Market ;■ clears $250 W4
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms, central: 2 fronts; worth $1200... 500
Hotel in mining town: good bar 1000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
WE have several buyers for good rooming
houses: send particulars. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
FURNISHED 10-ronm lodging house for sale;
$300: Taylor St.. near Turk. SPECK & CO..
602 Market st. -
KREDO * CO., Successful Brokers, 22V4 Oeary.
26 rooms; Market: clears $75; snap $ 450
21 rooms; best in city; clears $85 800
15 rooms; clears $40 month 275
12 rooms; Third St.: rent $27 50 200
U rooms; all rented; corner; worth $000 325
II rooms: Ninth ft.; clears $50 month — 450
in rooms; all new; central and sunny.. 323
7 rooms; O'Farrell; clears $85 225
11600—20 rooms; fine sunny corner; worth $2500;
clears $160: low rent. KREDO & CO. __^
NEW house, 40 rooms, must be sold: Klondike:
nothing bo cheap; 26 rooms, make offer;
choice 14 rooms, fine furniture, half cost; rent
low; must be sold. Boston Investment Co.,
906 Market st. , room 16.
'GOING to Washington— 2o rooms; best loca-
tion; rent $33; clears $40; cheap. 48 Seventh.
FOR SALE— Coso lodging house, 115 rooms. 411
Sansome st.
m:\nsTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up: silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, f?, 60 up: your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
9!<7 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jpssie 1695.
A ITLL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; warranted "-n years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridse work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
NEW YORK Dentist-!— Painless extraction, 50c:
plates, $5; gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; special inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission st., COT. Sixth.
UK LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market «t., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates, are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; pas given.
DU. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
Sl3 Market st.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 80, 31 and 32, fifth floor. ' I
L7~ATTEAGIE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. r.th floor, rms. 603.607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St. j
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
' YOUNG. IS4I Polk Ft.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest ratps— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W. j
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
HOUSES., TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ■ ■■ ■—
You ' see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. *-.; ;• ■ •'■ ■
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest Improvements; furniture , new; piano;
: near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need . apply. -. Box 1437. Call office. ,
OAK. 421— House S rooms and bath; Eastlake
style; latest improvements. ■.- !
6-P.OOM house and basement, $11; Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER &
LENT, 14 Post st. ■ -
$15—6 ROOMS, bath, 4226 Eighteenth St., near
Diamond; close to Ca«tro-Bt. cars.*
' FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED residence— A sunny , modern Pa-
cific Heights corner; 14 rooms; well furnished;
piano, billiards, etc. YON RHEIN & CO..
636 Market st. ■ _
; FURNISHED house, 11 rooms, $55. 16 Devls-
adero, above Halght, 10 to 2.
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
i lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
HOUSE, 8 rooms, to let; furniture for sale; no
dealers. 332 Hyde St. ".
PHYSICIANS, attention— To let 8 : furnished
rooms; central location;' have been used for
' 20 ' years by j a successful physician as office
and bachelor quarters. YON HIIEIN & CO.,
ki'.G Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHEAP; cottage; large stable and chicken-
. houses. EABTON & ELDRIDGE, 638 Market.
NICE cottage, 4 rooms, basement and yard, 7
Victor st. Inquire 941 Bryant st.
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, only $15. 1114 Broad-
way, near Jones st. BALDWIN & HOWELL,'
10 Montgomery st. ; - '.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 15th St., nr.' Dolores.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms. 3385 Twenty-sixth St.,
near Mission. ' ■
FURNISHED FLATS. . - ' .
GEARY, 1522 — Newly furnished sunny upper
flat of 4 rooms. . " __ ■'
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN *~ " '•
You see flats to . rent by : BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. '
CASTRO. 640— Two lovely new modern 6-room
flats; bath; yard; basement: $17.
CHEAP rent — Flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $6 and $7;
very convenient ; 15 and 21 Victor st. In-
. quire 941 Bryant st. .
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc. . -
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room. $5.
FLAT of 5 rooms, bath, laundry. 1304 Post st.,
near Franklin; convenient Geary or Sutter st.
cars; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 903, near 'Fifth— sl2; new middle bay-
window flat, 3 rooms; gas, bath, tubs.
GROVE, Near City Hall, lower and top
flat, 5 and 6 rooms; bath.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS.. 15 Grant ay.
NINETEENTH. 3980, 1 block from Eighteenth
■ or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6-room
flat; modern; $18; water free.
SUNNY corner fiat, 5 rooms, $17: inside flat
•■ with bath. $15; newly painted and papered.
Comer Twelfth - and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$17— FL*T. 6 rooms, bath: modern. 1448 Va-
lencia st., ■ near Twenty-fifth.
$15— UPPER flat of 5 rooms and bath. 131 Olive
aye., near Van Ness.
$13— WATER free; sunny lower ♦■room flat; (
modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third j
st., few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
' $20— CHEAPEST flat in city; 8 rooms, bath.
530^4 Valencia St., near Seventeenth.
$35— LOVELY sunny' modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLETT, 414, . near Twenty-fifth— Flat of 3 '
sunny rooms; sinkroom; bath; nicely fur- |
nished; hot water supplied; rent 112.
BRANNAN. 725, above Sixth— kitchen
and bedroom, furnished, $7. . . . • .
BRYANT aye.. 2715. near Twenty-fifth— 2 sunny j
pleasant housekeeping rooms; must be seen
to be appreciated. |
CASTRO, 405, rear— 3 or 2 nice sunny unfur-
nished rooms: large yard; stable; cheap.
CENTRAL, 51 Second— Single rooms and light j
..housekeeping; week, $1. $2 50 ; , day, 25c. 50c. a
EDDY, 915 — 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas range; fine location; private residence.
j EDDY, Nicely furnished connecting house-
! keeping rooms; "gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH, 309—1 or 2 sunny bay-window bed- j
j rooms; connecting kitchen; complete; Ist floor. I
j FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
1 room and kitchen: $12 month; private family.
GEARY, Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 922— Sunny parlor floor
8 rooms, complete, for housekeeping, $25.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
s nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
HOWARD, 525—3 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping and others; reasonable.
. HOWARD. 821— Rooms, $1 up; housekeeping,
$S and $9. ■ '-
LINDEN, 331— Private flat 4 unfurnished rooms;
water and bath; $12 a month. Inquire 32S
Fell st.
MARKET, 1028—2 rooms furnished, $6; three
rooms, $8. • . ' - - ■
i MCALLISTER. 422— Nicely furnished rooms. for
housekeeping. ' ''
MINNA, 548—2 ! nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
MISSION. 561, near Second— Bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1317— Pleasant unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
', low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NATOMA, — 2 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $10 month: single rooms $4 and $"..
NINTH, 113 — Well-furnished sunny front -room
' and kitchen, $12 month; running water; bath.
I TEHAMA. 717— Nice sunny furnished room;
housekeeping for one; with stove: $4.
TENTH, 111, near Market— 2 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; also other rooms.
TURK. 539— Nicely furnished sunny rooms suit-
able for housekeeping.
TURK, 543—2 or 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas, stoves, bath.
$6—2 ROOMS and kitchen; water free. 615
. Birch- aye.. bet. ' Laguna. and Buchanan.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable. -
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given. '
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
• 50c to $1: week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 619— Large well furnished front room;
also ' large sunny back room reasonable.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GEARY, Nicely furnished front room; also
single; running water, bath and gas.
GEARY, 622— Nicely furnished single and dou-
. ble rooms; bath, gas; reasonable.. ..
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate | rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE, "81 Mission; sefect family
rooming house: $1 50 to.sS per week. = ■•
HARRISON. 946— Nice large single rooms, with
use of bath. $5 a month up. ,
HOWARD, 715, ST.; DAVID'S— rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 989— 8y day. weeK or month ; 25c,
30c, 75c and $1- per day, $5 to $15 per month.
MASON, 511— Large sunny front room;, grate,
gas and bath; also single rooms. ' ..
MCALLISTER. 511— Sunny back : parlor; grate; ■
gas; bath; $8 month; 2 gentlemen. .
MCALLISTER. : Nicely ..'-. furnished front
. suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water. ;•„•■•
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. . UNCLE HARRIS. IB Grant ay.
OCTAVIA, 1410, . near - Geary— rooms,
; suite or single. • ♦ ■:. .. .■ ■■■ ? .'.".' '..
O' F ARRELL, 329 — Sunny • furnished rooms; en
suite : or single; reasonable • - .
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms; I
gas;, running .water; $1 week up: sunny. ,> ■■ v
PINE,' 920E— Pleasant sunny, rooms, suite and ; ,
.- single; rent reasonable. ■>-. ,\ -.,..: __ : !
POWELL. 203 ' (The ' Montello)— Sunny suites ; i
v, and. singles rooms: reasonable: transient.:-. •> -. jj
POWELL, 509— Two' nicely furnished -, ' sunny f I
: rooms adjoining; i suitable ' for two gentlemen. !
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., : I
; near Market; ' furnished .- and unfurnished. ■ -'; » ;
SIXTH, 125— "Nicely :•. furnished .; double sunny; I
front room;' very .cheap. ..#"■ : ; ; '; '.■::.'■:
. ROOMS TO LET— Continued. •/
SIXTH, 132— Nice family rooms; , single i and
. double;. $6 a month- up. . ..-.. ...,
STOCKTON, 17 — European; . elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.'...
SUTTER. 715-717-719, • and 609 . Furnished
and unfurn. ; choice and sunny;, reasonable. .
THIRTEENTH. 409% — : Three unfurnished
■rooms. $10: bath:, yard. ,-;' ■  ..,•;.;.;,
WEBSTER, 711—3 or 4 large sunny rooms fur-
nished or- unfurnished; modern. ...
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.. .
MISSION, Pleasant front room, with
washing and mending, for gentleman, $S mo.
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful 'sunny rooms;
southern exposure; building new; all mod-
ern conveniences; newly furnished; elegant
for/gentlemen; board optional. Apply at 808
Van Ness aye. , ___________:.;;- -■■'■'■ - .
CHILDREN BOARDED. . ;
GERMAN lady wishes 2 or 3 children to board;
motherly care; moderate. 1334 Turk st.
PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with
family without children;- . excellent care;
healthy locality; reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON. Glen Ellen. Cal. •
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to. let. 1802 Howard Bt.. cor.
■ Fourteenth. _____^ -
STORE or factory, 'well lighted in middle
and all over; 25x150 or part, thereof. ; 519
Howard st. - . ■ ■.: J
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
f ayette sts. ; cheap rent. . - ;
"^ FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor: power available for straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories. • etc.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT' _..__*, YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 1898, with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern in every
respect with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back .it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with- $2,000,000. this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Klngsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is 526 Hayes St.
The firm is .1. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can . be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, 6. $7, $8. $9,
$10- handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded ; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
, Dealers, cor. Kearnyjind Sutter sts.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos—
Ronlsch ; $125
Mathusek ■•• 150
Augustus Baus & Co .200
! Cameron • ••••• •'.. 250
Byron Mauzy •••' • 300
BYRON MAUZY, pianos. 308-312 Post St. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest - and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.'
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ' . . ■ - ■ '■ ,
ONE Newhall piano ;..:.. .$55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80]
Twenty others at all prices...
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 Q'Farrell.
ABSOLUTE bargains this week; Steinway.
Steck. Conover, ■ 'bickering, Emerson, Hal-
let & Davis; oil as good as new. THE F.
W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market St.
IF you want a bargain, in a piano call at
■ Mauvals'. 769 Market St.; agency for the cele-
brated DECKER A SON pianos.
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the -market: highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st. .
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— sell . pianos at |
immense reduction for cash or on Install- !
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
I FOR sale' cheap— Set high-pitch buffet clarin-
ets; nearly new. Call 606 Sutter, room 11.
I GREAT bargain; .Standard upright ' (on stor-
age): party gone to •-. like; cheap. 208 Post.
HORNUNG'S '.new ■ scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st. ■ « 
\ FINE upright; great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St., next Hlbernla Bank. BCHMITZ. '
■ AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE ■ pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER, & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ,H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
_ HORSES.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, ■ sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
THREE saddle horses cheap. 204 Plymouth i
St., Ocean View. . "
$50— SINGLE-FOOTER horse (lady can drive).
1190 Mission st. •
WANTED— old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale;, also wagons.' buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN /t DOYLE. Auctioneers/
615 LARKIN Branch office pf . The Call.
SubEcriptlons and want ads taken. . ■ . " ;
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. >*
FOR sale— Heavy 1-horse spring wagon; nearly
new.- 826 Hampshire st. • :* • . ■•
HORSE, wagon and harness: Brewster • buggy,
pole and shafts; feed cutter; cheap. < 1190
Mission st. ..-.'
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or installments: l fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. -
PICTURE framing, complete. with glass 7x9
inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, I.V; nn x 14 and 12x
16, 20c; 14x17. 25c; 16x20, Me; 18x22, 35c; 20x24,
45c; curtain poles, complete, 15c; room mold-
Ing, all colors, lc per foot; portraits enlarged,
60c; open evenings, r JONES. 547. Mission st.
LAUNDRY engines, dynamos, electrical goods;
new & 2d-band. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
ASK to see the elegant $39 diamond stud, orig-
inally . cost $80,. at UNCLE. HARRIS', 15
Grant aye. '•-"'.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale at.
HANDSOME new 16-foot oak bar and back
bar; cheap. 612 Bush st.
LATEST style hood : top baby buggy.' cheap;
.with extra seat. Box 1444, Call office.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-XO2l
Mission st., above Sixth.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97: bonded warehouse.
San Francisco: 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and i second-hand ; cheaper than
■ ever. Hermann Safe Mafc.. 533 Sacramento.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUP- I
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $6 per dos. ;
Projectogcope. $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946. Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, ; hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.;. .~' ■
BARS, showcases, : counters, ' shelving, etc.,
:■■ bought and sold. ■ 1063 Mission, near, Seventh.
FOR sale ' cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main at. - - ■■-. ■- '■* ■-->- ■'
SEWING MACHINES. .
ALL kinds bought, ; sold, exchanged, ■ rented';
•,' repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ;
"legal notices^ „-.■,; -
NOTICE~TO^CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C. JOHNSON,: deceased. >;•
Notice is hereby given by the r undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of - JACOB - C. . JOHNSON, -. deceased, > to - the
creditors ' of, and : : all •; persons having J claims
njrainst the said deceased, .to exhibit them with
the >• necessary v vouchers, - within ten , months
after the first publication of this notice, to tho
'*atd 'executrix-. at the office of J. C. JOHN-
! SON CO., - No. 400 Market St., ♦ the same being
her place for the transaction of the • business
of the said estate ■In the City and County of
I San Francisco, State of California.
•-.. v . ..-- ANNA E. JOHNSON,
Executrix =' of the ; estate , of JACOB C. JOHN-
- SON, ■ deceased. i*v- j^ ; -;:--.t. .-.■-.,-.•■;■ ■
• Dated at San ! Francisco, February 24, ' 1898. . ■ ■
, ...... .;_- <-  J. A. L STEPHENS. ;
Attorney for Eietutrlx. Clans Spreckela -build-*
lns -' ' "«■ • , r -. . i : ','
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— University Mound Tract, lot 2, block
116M00x120 feet. JOS. LAWLER, 652 Fifth
St., or 2545 Seventeenth St. ■ ■' .* ': . '•
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
. $lf.OO0; renting for $133 50: $7000 can remain
-on i mortgage; Postof flee box 2495. ' ; '
FOR sale— Choice' business property; . rents for
$200; NW corner Mission and Spear sts. ; 43:10
x 77:6. H. SCHWERIN, 546 Clay st
IF you intend building, let me submit an esti-
. mate with plans, etc.; no charge; best of ref-
* erences, bonds, etc. W. W. REDNALL,
builder, 1326 Hayes st. • • •
NEW house, 7 rs. , bath; easy terms: Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
JhONEY TO : LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3. '
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. r.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life ins. poll-
* cies, house rents, bank books, -etc.; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any , amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
I HAVE $3000 to loan on country property. :
HUGH M. CAMERON, Real Estate and Loan
Broker, 479 Ninth Bt.. Oakland. Cal.
ON furniture, pianos; city 'or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; -no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
FURNITURE, pianos, estates in probate; no
fees. HILL & CO., 14 McAllister st., room 64.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st. %
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
• any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
• gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON ' pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH, 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry. '
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real . estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. MeAFEE BROS., ,108 Montgomery , st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant j card-
x reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladles 50c,
j gentssl; palm. and -clairv. ; sit. $1 50. 12G Turk.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
j all questions; L.. 25c: G., 50c; no sign. ,3 7th.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, . card reader an.l
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120*4 Geary st. .
MME. RAVEN A rpads life fluently; business
. advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.. v
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
bands picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MICE. US NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MME. • MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader;- Mo up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
; MME, HANSEN, the fortune-teller; last" week
In city. Call now 148 Sixth st., room 5.
! MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist: life read-
Ings, 25c: satisfaction guarant'd. 28 Sixth st.
MME. SVAENSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; 25c. 441 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFKR, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123H Sixth St., room 14.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
2; mind-reader and palmist.
| MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water. reader. 92HJ Mission; German spoken.
MISS BELT, GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., room 10.
! RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.; room i. "-::-'■■ ■ '
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS.'fHti >.\" Til. Materializing"
ing seance to-night, sittings. 1513 Geary.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. ;■ 25c. 409 Lea yen worth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. . 118 Haight st.
"PROF. readings daily; test circles Tue..
Thur., Frl.,' 8 p. m. : 25e. S6SVJ Market st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 213 Stockton st. • ;
HYPNOTISM-
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics; private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. :. L. F. TURMAN. Sec.
FREE demonstration to-night; skeptics and in-
vestigators Invited. 911 Van Ness aye.
THOROUGH course In hypnotism, with dl-
ploma, $5. CAL. INSTITUTE. 4024 Geary st
. MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
• though else fail; delicacy, "pris«.sy, borne,
etc. ; babies adopted ■ travelers treated; no
•' delay; self-cure sent, call or write: free: con-
' fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
' McAllister st. ; pills. $2. . . ■ _^
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
". from whatever cause restored at. once; safe
: and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
■ aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care ■ and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post st., nr. Larkin.
DRS GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
1 near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause: re-
- stores strength and . vigor of organs; unex-
celled' 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill. low fees; pills. $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
1 venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
' aged call on .the doctor and state their' case;
trey will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure when others fail; no medicine, or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause- restore In 1 day; never fails; consujta-
"■' tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER,, 318 Kearny; orders by telephone.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly -' all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
■ ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
; fice $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— price
$150. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
. facturing Co.. 531. X at., Sacramento, Cal. :•
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles! no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS-. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St. : diseases of wo-
1 men and children. •■-<■'■:■■ . •■ ■ <
LADIES Mrs. • Dr. Puetz:- Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 88 years'; experience. . 254' Fourth st. :
HOME In confinement: ' diseases' of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Nth St.. Alameda.
■ ■ --■ : y.- LOST. . - ,■/.;' >■ .■"??;■
LOST— Pocketbook • with owner's name inside.
• Please return to Goodman's tailor shop, or 811
• Valencia St.: reward.
MARCH Lady's gold watch: monogram .M.
A. X.; reward. 724H Market st.
TUESDAY evening, lady's gold' watch and fob;
•monogram 'both sides; reward. 1922 Leaven-
worth : st. , . . ■ ■-•:'.- "' .-I '■■■■■'■'■?
LOST— On or about February 9, gold three-leaf
-clover pin; 3 'diamonds In each leaf; $20' re-
ward. ; 912 Guerrero st. . .'.-.:. .-...,<
LOST— A passbook with the : Hlbernla Savings
and ' Loan . Society .of San Francisco, in . the
name of JOHN JOSEPH WISEMAN JR., No.
1 217.942., The finder will please return to bank.
PURSE with .$6- currency 'and. 2 small '• checks.
1-■ Return 64fi Clay st. and receive reward. ■ ■
... ; y -v-S ' FOUND. V •'->•': !'. -\-
FOUND— A:i Great Dane; can V have . same by
*>. proving ' property •- and paying expenses.'- ' Ap-
~i ply 1609 FUlmore St., between 5 and 6 p. ,m. x
BOAT- found in bay: owner ■ may receive same
7-r paying : charges.' E63 ■ Pennsylvania' aye. v : ■
TVPEWKI'I ERS. 1 ;.-. ■■-,-_•
YOST typewriter; bargain; call at once: C. B.
OLMSTED, care B. P. ;■, Oliver. : 114 : Mont-
__g< mery st. •■--. '. ..",''■'.> , : .. ■ " ■"-':'...- ,-- : J.J'-:-~, .-'
YOST, good ' order, $25 ;. send for' sample ; work.
SCOTT & BAKNAJ>i. 333 Montgomery at.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$650—7 ACRES near Petaluma; small house,
stable and 3 chicken-houses; horse, cart, fur-
niture,., tools and . implements. ■ ' I * ..•
$2500—40 acres, Santa Cruz County; 12 acres
vines, 6 acres fruit; fine trout stream; plenty
": of wood; 2-story house, 2 cottages, barn,
• packing-house, etc. ;.' farm tools.- . >. ■ . -
Many other bargains; call for list. GAMAN
. & LY0N.,215 Kearny st.  -. ;. . .
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
-M.GRIFFIN t Cottonwood, Shasta Co., Cal.
FOR — 135 acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber"; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendocino Count'- consisting of the NE.
"Vt. of SW. »4 of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR. '
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.- .-■--.<■■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
A POOR man's chance— will buy a 4-room
house and lot - 25x139; near San Pablo aye.,
ten minutes from City Hall; easy terms;
, don't delay seeing this. BELDEN & COOK,
1112 Broadway, Oakland.-- - •*- - ■"
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE]
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 403
Eleventh st., Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$5500— 2-story residence; 6 large rooms;
modern; cor/ lot, 50x150; near Mastic Station;
part cash, ,bal. installments. . 735 R. R. aye.
BIGGEST bargain— s2Boo; lot 70x160; cottage. 6
rooms; orchard and chicken yard; half block I
; from Mastick Station; all improvements; 1531
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market St.. S. P.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
._ ALAMEDA .'^ HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET — cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lawn,, flower garden . and orchard; ' lovely
' place. 1532 Ninth st., near Mastick 'station;
$19; water free; ground cared for. r ■- '■ ■ % -■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A GREAT bargain— For sale, 2 acres only four
blocks from station; $650 per acre. . .O. , G.
MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
FOR sale— the university grounds, an ele-
" gantly built house; lot northeast corner, 75x
134; street work all done. JOS. J. MASON,
■ Berkeley Station. .
FIRST-CLASS investment; a fine corner, stores
and rooms above; to be sold at a bargain.
JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
PROPERTY- TO EXCHA.NGIC '""
SHOE factory, half or all for ranch. Apply to
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
33 ACRES; bearing fruit ranch near Vacaville;
income , $2000. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
SALOON to exchange for house and lot; pay
cash difference. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
$1800 — GOOD ranch . of 160 acres, ; near Redding ;
plenty timber and water, for bay property;
equal value. Box 1625, Call.
TO exchange— 2 blocks, each 200x200. In f Mar-
tinez. Cal., value $4000. for S. F. real estate;
will pay a cash difference, if city property is
valued over $4000. Box 1509, Call office.
~~ '• PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Woolen Blankets — General
. Depot of the Quartermaster's - Department,
36 New Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
February 11, 1898 — Sealed proposals, In tripli-
cate, • will be received .at this office until 11
o'clock a. m., Pacific standard time, MON-
DAY, March 14. j 1898, and then opened, f or
furnishing ' this depot ' with 3000 Woolen
Blankets. Proposals for delivery at other
■ points ' will ! be ' considered. The right to ac-
cept or reject any .or all proposals Is*. re-
served. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con- I
ditions of quality and price (Including. in the I
price of foreign production and manufactures j
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref- I
erence-given to articles of American produc- |
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific j
Coast, to .extent of consumption required by i
. the public service there. Blanks and full In-
formation, as to bidding, specifications, etc./-
will be furnished .by r this office' on applica-
tion. .,, Envelopes containing proposals should J
be ma»ked "Proposals for Blankets."
" JAMES M. MOORE. Assistant Quarter- ;
master-General, U. S. Army, ' Depot Quar-
. termaster. : : - ' ' 3
OFFICE of Lighthouse ' Inspector. Twelfth
District, San Francisco. Cal., March 5, 1895: Pro-
posals will be received at this office until 12
o'clock m.. on MONDAY, the 4th day of April,
189 S. for provisions for vessels and light sta-
tions in this district, for the fiscal year to end
June 30, 1899. Forms of proposals and printed
instructions giving full particulars as to the
articles required and the terms of delivery
and payment can ha obtained at this office.
The right is reserved to reject the whole or
part of any or all bide, and to waive any de-
fects. The right Is; also reserved to increase
or - diminish (not to exceed one-third) during
the fiscal year | the quantities of any Item or
article named In the specifications, and a clause
to that effect will be Inserted in the contract.
FRANK COURTIS, Commander, U. S. - N.,
Lighthouse Inspector. "• -.. . ■ ■
OFFICE 'of ' Lighthouse Inspector. Twelfth
District, San Francisco/ Cal.. March 5, 1898: Pro-
posals will be received at this office until 12
o'clock m./ on MONDAY, the 4th day of April,
1898, for furnishing and delivering fuel for ves-
sels and stations In this district for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1899. Forms of proposals
and printed specifications, giving full particu-
lars as to the kinds of fuel required, the quan-
tity and quality, and the terms .of. delivery and
payment, can be obtained at this ; office. The
United States reserves the right to increase or
diminish, during the fiscal, year/ the quantities
of any item or article named 1 in the specifica-
tions, and a clause •> to that effect will be in-
serted in the contract; and the right to reject
any or all bids and to waive defects therein is
also reserved. FRANK COURTIS, ' Com-
mander. U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector. .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. "
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. ?V ' ./:
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed March 10— Stmr Edam,
for New York. ••.'■ ' . X
MARSEILLES— ArrIver March Stmr Bur-
gundia. from New York.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived March . 10— Stmr
Island, from New York."
LONDON— Sailed March 10— Stmr Mobile,
New.YOTk. '• . * '- '
LIVERPOOL— Sailed March 10— Stmr, Waes-
land. for Philadelphia; not previously re-
ported. -.'■ ■■■'■ ' -• • .■ ■ *■
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ,
The folowlng marriage license.B were issued
yesterday: . , , . ... . . , : . ,
E. A. . Revaleon and Annie Peckes, 38—25.
H. E. Floter and Mary Hllchenverg. 35—28.
Frank J. Hagerty and Kate C. Burris, 29— 24.,
Henry Collins and Minnie Calnah. 24—28. •
John L. Marsan and Ella E. Banning. — 21.
Turner W. Crump and Marie PUlot, 32—27.
•Charles Rub(»nstein and Rode "Pearl.- 29 —
: ■ MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage • and •' death notices , sent by
mall l will not .be/ Inserted. , They must be
handed In at either of the publication . offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of - persons ; authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BELDING— In Marysville. March 5, 1898. to
the wife of Walter. Belding, a daughter.
CHICK— In Marypvill©, March 8, 1898, to the
wife of A. J. Chick, a daughter. 3g|»9«HHj
COAKLEY— In San, Jose. March 6. 1898, to the
' wife of J. Coakley, a daughter. -- ■
EASON— In Reno. New, March 6. 1898, to the
wife of Robert W. Eason, a daughter. /■'4®SS[
FREEMAN— In Reno, March 6. 1898, .to the
wife of A. Freeman/ a daughter. '
FOGARTY— West Side, Cal.. March 6. 1898,.
. to the wife of Edward P. Fogarty, a daugh-
ter. ' :_•■-■: ' ."-'■ '■'. ,!' •.* ' ; .'
FOWLER— Dunsmuir, March 1. 1898, to the
wife of G. W. . Fowler, • a daughter.
HANSEN— In South , San Francisco. . March 9,
'IS9S/to the wife of : Samuel Hansen, a daugh-
ter. • ■ ■ :■: ■-V ■■ : ..:;■ ■" "-i", ; ■' ■ •■■ •
MEISTER— In this city, March 10, 1898, to the
wife of Samuel Meister, twin sons. -
NILON— In Nevada City/ March 7, 1898, to the
: wife of Hon F. T. Nilon, a son. -
NUNES— In Gibbons, : .Cal./ s March 5. 1898, to
the wife of W. S/Nunes, a daughter. .
SAUER— In San Luis Oblspo,. March 6, 1898. to
the wife of William :F. Saver, a daughter.
STRAIN— In Marysville, March 4, 1898, to the
wife of Gawn Strain, a son. - ■•_ .-' -"
THOMAS— At Oberlin • Ranch, Shasta Valley.
near Yreka, March 1, ; 1898, to • the wife of
Edgar Thomas/, a son.;. '. . -' ; ■-.'.'; ; . ', . .
WIRTZ— February ' 25, 1898, to the wife of
Nicholas Wirtz, a daughter. .'
, . . • -. MARRIED. ' .
AMES— DALLAM— In -this city, February 17.
r,: 1898. by : the . Rev. Robert Mackenzie, " J. Wal- !
ker Ames and Ella- C. Dailam, both of San
" Francisco. ■' ' • ; -• ■ ■; ■ ~ ■
BORBA— SILVA— In Yreka, ; March 3, 1898, ■ by
m the Rev. Father Quinn, I Antone G. Borba and :
Emma A. Sil\-a. : - -.: , ....-;.■
MAYHEW— r this city, March 9/1898/
' ,? at Howard-street M. E. Church, by the Rev.
'. Clarence T. Wilson Frank :" J. ;j May hew and ,
Eva IF. Blel, both of San Francisco/: .;i-". :,■;•'•
NAIL— JACKS— " : Meadow Valley. ' Plumas
County, Cal., March 2, 1898,' by 3, . It. Hall,
J. P., James Edward Nail and Garnet Nor-
. . wood Jacks. fv '.•'■'." -■■*•' r -' • Jl__L
i- $. . . DIED. }*£.-.-
Betkowski, Frank D. - McConnell, ('apt. R. "
• Cheatham. James 4*4 * Marquis.. G. G.
Donovan, Kate Mohr. Rose
Fagothey. Jean. O'Leary. Cornelius
1 Feigenbaum. Helene Owen&, E. D.
■Hannay. John Pike, Mrs. L. A.
Hawkins. E. C. Richardson, John
Hickey. Bridget Russell. John
Jones. Clarence F. , Sambertrant, F
Klnninrm.nth Andrew Tisdale, William
Linden. Mary Wilson. Esther E.
BETKOWSKI— In this city. March 9, 1898.
Frank D.. beloved son of Ellen and the late
Peter Betkowskl, and brother of Margaret
and Annie Betkowskl. a native of San Fran-
• Cisco, aged 26 years 2 months and 12 days.
BT^Friendr. and acquaintances are . respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8: JO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 22 Silver street, thence to St. Rose
Church. Brannan street, where a requiem
high mass will he celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RINCON PARLOR, NO. 72. N. S. G. W. : Offi-
cers and members of Rincon Parlor No. li.
N. S. G. W.. are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Frank
D. Betkowski, this day (Friday), at 8:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 23 Silver
street. . -. R. J. O'BRIEN. Pres.
' i L. K. HAGENKAMP. Sec.
BATTAGLIOLA— In Santa Cruz. March 6. IS9B.
Mrs. Lucrezia Battagiola, aged 41 years.
CHEATHAM— In this city. March 10. 1898,
James Cheatham, beloved father of James
F., William J., George/Thomas and Albert
Cheatham and Mrs. Thomas Irvin, a native
of England, aged 6."> years.
DONOVAN— Kate, dearly beloved wife of John
Donovan, mother of the late William Dono-
van, daughter of Patrick and the late Mary
A. O'Shaughnessy, sister of . Mamie ana
Tommie O'Shaughnessy, and niece of Mii*.
J. J. Galvin and John Kearney, a native of
San Francifco, aged 21 years 10- months ana
2."> days. . .-.-.■ ....
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
■ dence of her father, 114 Tehama street, oH
■ Second. ... , . '- ■ -■~- •
FAGOTHEY— In this city, March 9. IS9S, Jean,
beloved husband of Gabrlelle Fagothey.
"father of Denis. Frank, Joseph and Jean
Fagothey. and father-in-law of Leon Roger,
a native of France, aged 74 years.
' (CT'The funeral will take place this -flay
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the French
. Church of Notre Dame" dcs Vlctolres.- Bush
street, where' a mass will be said for the
repose of his soul. Interment Holy Cross
"Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train. Interment
private. . ; , • '. :■■'■ . , ■ -
FEIGENBAUM— this city, March j 10, 1895,
Helene Gertrude, dearly beloved child of Lio-
nel and Gertrude Feigenbaum. and grand-
child of Joseph and Sarah Naphtaly. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months
and 1 days.-
■ . IC7"Funeral and interment private.
HANNAY— In West Side. March 7. 1898. John
Hannay. a native of Scotland, aged; 64 years
1 month- and 5 days. . ■
HAWKINS-In Sanger. March 10. IS9B. EC.
Hawkins, beloved son of Olof and Carolina
Hawkins, and brother of A. L. and Edtna C.
' Hawkins, aged 25 year 10 months and 16 days-
N S G W.— Notice. Members of Niantic Par-
lor' No. 105. N. S. G. W., will attend the fu-
neral of our deceased brother, E. C. Hawk-
ins, at the residence, 3464 Seventeenth street,
near Valencia, to-morrow (Saturday),, at , I
■ o'clock. FRANK MORDECAI. President. •
J. F. EGGERT. Recording Secretary.
HICKEY-In this city, March '9. 1898, Bridget,
beloved wife of John Hickey, and mother or
James. Annie. Daniel; Mary. Thomas, Ellis
and Willie Hickey, a native of the parish of
Gowran, County - Kilkenney, Ireland, aged 44
years. ■ .;....-.-' , .
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock," from her late resi-
dence, 23 1 Dehon street, off Sixteenth be-
tween Church and Sanchez, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a = solemn requiem
ma*s will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at .9- o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery- .?' .
HOLIHAN— In this city, March 10, 189S, Mar-
garet Holihan, a native of Ireland.
HYNES— In this city, March 9. 1898, Maty
Hynes, beloved sister of Mrs. Annie McCar-
thy and James "and the late John Hyncs,- a,
native of Ireland, aged 86 years.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock sharp, from the
. parlors of James McMenomy & Son, 1007
Mission' street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
. brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
. ing at 10 : o'clock. , Interment ■ Mount Calvary
Cemetery. •
JENKINS— In this city. March 10. 1898, Mar-
garet May. beloved wife of William Jenkins,
loving mother of Aileen, Grevllle, Lester and
Norman Jenkins, sister of Mrs. Annie Monet,
"and daughter of P. and the late Mrs. Nora
. Carroll of Portland, Or., a native of East
■ Portland, Or., aged 25 years 9 months and 10
JONES— In this' city. March 9, 1898. Clarence
' F beloved husband of Hattie Y. Jones,- son
-of -Charlotte ~A. and . the late - Fredrick W.
Jones, and brother of Mrs. L. O. Rodgers and
Charles A. Jones, a native of San Francisco,
aged 36 years 8 months and 13 days. . .: .
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
817 Grove street. I^ferment private. \
KINNINMONTH— this city. March 9. 1898.
Andrew Kinnlnmonth, uncle of Andrew Wll-
kie and Mrs. Baxter, a native of, Fifeshire,
Scotland, aged S3 years. r- ' ■'■;
(CT'The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his nephew, Andrew Wilkie, 433 Oak
street. Interment private, Mount Olivet
Cemetery. ■ ■ • ■
LINDEN— In this city. March 8. IS9B, at her
residence. . 1608 A Turk street. Mary, beloved
wife of Edward BJ. Linden, and mother of
Edward J.. Frank J. and Kitty Linden, Mrs.
Bessie Reynolds and Mrs. Nellie Keefe. a na-
tive of Cahirclveen, County Kerry. Ireland,
aged 55 years. (Portland. New Orleans and
■ New York papers please copy.) - • '.
(r^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at '-9:30 o'clock. from her late
residence, 1608 A Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Church,* Eddy street, near Scott, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose . of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. ■ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCONNELL— In this city, March .8, 1898, Cap-
- tain Robert McConnell, beloved father; of
• Robert H., Andrew M., Gibson, Alexander
and the late Gussie McConnell, Mrs. Wil-
liam Van Keuran. Mrs. Charles Budd and
the late . Mrs. ; R. F. Crockard, a native of
Londonderry, Ireland, aged 63 years 2 months
and 8 days. (Poughkeepsie. N. V., papers
please copy.) - . • . ''
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this. day
• (Friday) at ■2 - o'clock, from ' his late . resi-
I dence, 235 Thirteenth .street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment I. O. O. F.
• Cemetery. : ' \ " .
MARQUIS— At Yankee Hill. March 6, IS9B. G.
G. Marquis, a native of Ohio, aged 78 years
1 month and 6 days. . -.-.'. .
MOHR— In this city. March 9, 189 S. Rose, be-
loved' wife of Rudolph Mohr. and mother of
Selby, Henry and Blanche Mohr. a native of
New" York «ity, aged 42 years.
(CrFrlends are respectfully- invited to at-
. tend the funeral this day (Friday), ..at 10
■ o'clock, from her late residnce,; 315 Hyde
street Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets. Please omit flowers.; .'
O'LEARY— In this city. March 9. 1898, Corne-
lius, beloved ' son of Mary O'Leary. and
-brother of John. Katie and Minnie O'Leary
and Mrs. Thomas Rochford, a native of Kin-
sale, County Cork, Ireland, aged 23 years.
Friend* and ■ acquaintances-, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clpck. from his late resi-
dence. 1010V& ' Bryant street/thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth . street, where a- re-
quiem high mass will. be celebrated, for. the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ ' . .<•
PIKE— In . Reno, New. March 7. .1898. . .Mrs. L.
A Pike/aged 47 years and 6 months.
RICHARDSON— In this city." March 10. 1898.
John beloved husband of Emma Richardson,
and father of Agnes and John Richardson,
Mrs Seaton and Mrs. Frank Schmidt/, a na-
tive of Glasgow, Scotland, aged S3 years. ■
RUSSELL— In Seattle, Wash.. March , 6, 1898.
John, beloved ■ husband of • Mary Russell of
San Francisco, a native of Queens County,
Ireland, aged 50 . years. (Chicago and New
York papers please copy.) "."
- [C7"Friendr, and acquaintances ; are • respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 616 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner California and Dupont streets.
wh°re a solemn requiem high mass will be
■ celebrated 'for ' the repose of 'his soul." com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-. • . -, . -
SAMrtERTRANT— this city. March 10, 1898,
. Francois, beloved husband .of Nellie ; Sam-
bertrant, father. of Frankie, Rosle and John-
nie Sambertrant, and brother-in-law of Wil-
liam Keegan and Frank Monahan. a native
of France, . aged 43 years 1 , month and -10
days. (Lowell. Mass., papers please copy.)
> - ETFrlends and acquaintances are , respect-
• fully Invited ,to . attend , the , funeral ; Sunday,
' March 13/ at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
. J. ; S. Godeau. Montgomery street, thence
to French . Church/where services will be
held. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ;,
TISDALE— In : Los Gatos, March 7, 1898, Wil-
l iam dc Witt Tisdale. a native of New York,
' aged 52 years 4 months and 23 days.
WILSON— In this city. March 10. 1898, Esther
E youngest and beloved daughter of Mat-
thew Wilson, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years.' " ' " ' .. ; " '
I O. O. F.— Pacific Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. F. :
Officers ■ and : members are , requested 'to . as-
" semble at their hall this day (Friday), at
9 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our. late
brother, E. D. Owens. •■• " ■'
prouier..^ T. : H WONT. N. G.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, - ■ ■ I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4. EMBALMEBS I
:, 20 FIFTH ST., : Opp. Lincoln School. ;» I
.'. *■:?;■- - : Telephone, SoujhW L^ lj:i __ LLi^_|_;
Manager. •»■-■;.•.■- .' • 1
McftVOY & CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBS, I
1235 Market St./ between Bth and »tb, >*> 5
Telephone, South 247. |
1314
TO WREST POOR PEOPLE'S MONEY
FROM A GRASPING MONOPOLY
Suit Brought to Recover a Meter Deposit Illegally Held by
the Gas Company and Retained Without
Consideration to the Owner.
A Small Beginning That May Mean the Release of an Eighth of a
Million of Dollars Belonging to Sixty
Thousand Patrons.
Suit wae filed against the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company yester
day for the sum of $5. As trivial as
this action may seem in itself, the real
amount involved is great enough to
concern even a rich corporation.
The suit directs attention to an im
position from which most householders
of this city have suffered. Those who
have escaped have done so by under
standing their rights artd asserting
them. The gas companies arbitrarily
demand a deposit of $5 from any per
son who wishes to become a customer.
They do this with such assurance that
the fact that there is not the slightest
warrant for it In law nr equity is not
apt to dawn on the applicant. If, how
ever, he is shrewd enough to let the
company know he objects to advanc
ing it a loan, the company will not
Insist. Comparatively few realize the
truth that the company is working a
confidence game, or, realizing it, would
rather submit to the exaction than
combat it. Thus the companies have
piled up a large aggregate of these
driblets to which they have no claim,
and upon which they pay no interest.
Taking the population of the city as
300.000, which is an underestimate, the
ordinary method of computation would
divide these into 60,000 families. Sup
posing that one-half these families uso
pas. another palpable underestimate,
the $5 they have each deposited reaches
to $150,000, a comfortable fortune- now
In possession of the Gas and Electric
TO FILL WILDER'S PLACE.
The Man Who Will Take Charge of the Southern
Pacific's Great Western Division.
SUPERINTENDENT JAMES AGLER.
The speculation as to who would be the man to succeed to the super
lntendency of the western division of the Southern Pacific was yesterday
Bet at rest by the following circular issued by General Manager Krutt
schnitt:
"The following appointments are announced to take effect March 20,
1898:
"Mr. James Agler appointed superintendent of the western division,
vice Mr. A. D. Wilder, deceased.
"Mr. John S. Noble appointed superintendent of Jthe Salt Lake division,
vice Mr. James Agler, transferred.
"The office of superintendent of the Shasta division is abolished; that
portion of the line from Dunsmuir to Red Bluff, including Dunsmuir yard,
will form a part of the Sacramento division, Mr. J. B. Wright superintend
ent. That portion of the line from Dunsmuir to Ashland will be added
to lines in Oregon."
The circular is self-explanatory and gives the entire changes resulting
from the death of Mr. Wilder and the promotion of Mr. Agler.
Mr. Agler, the new head of the western division, is one of the ablest and
best-known men in the railroad business, with which he has been connect
ed since 1863, when ho was on the lowa division of the Chicago and North
western.
He remained in that capacity until 1869, when he became a brakeman
on the lowa division of the Rock Island road: from there he went to the
Union Pacific as operator and train dispatcher at Rawlins, Wyoming,
where he remained until '72, when he accepted a position with the Central
Pacific as agent at Ferris, on the Salt Lake division of that road. In 74
he was promoted to the agency of the Sacramento division at Emigrant
Gap. then to the agency at Tracy, where he remained but a short time,
leaving to take the position of trainmaster at Rockland
His next advancement was to the superintendency of the Shasta di
vision at Dunsmuir which position he occupied at the time of the great
strike, during which he manifested such remarkable ability that, as soon
as things had Quieted down, he was given charge of the important Salt
Lake division with headquarters at Ogden, whence he comes to suc
ceed the late AD. Wilder as superintendent of the western division, the
most important department of the entire system
Mr. Agler is still a comparatively young man. being only 51 years of
age. He is not only respected by the heads of the company for his abil
ity and integrity, but is exceedingly popular with his subordinates for his
courtesy and kindness.
James L. Frazier was .at one time, prominently mentioned as the prob
able successor of Mr. Wilder by those who were acquainted with his long
and excellent record and the high esteem in which he is held by the heads
of the Southern Pacific.
His name was seriously considered by those in authority but as he as
superintendent of the coast and Santa Cruz divisions, which include 'the
narrow gauge lines and ferry service, already fills a position of equal im
portance to that left vacant by the death of Mr. Wilder, which will be of
even more moment when the gap between Santa Barbara and Surf is put
through, making a main line over which, southern transcontinental traffic
will pass, and as he evinced no particular desire for the superintendency
of the western division, it was decided to leave him in the position he is
At present bo ably filling and the changes were made as recorded above.
Company and the Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company. Why should they be
permitted to retain It? The suit is for
the purpose of linding out.
An individual with so small a 6um as
$F> on deposit for a series of years might
easily forget about it or lose his re
ceipt. In any event he would find his
final month's bill so swollen as to leave
the $5 in' the confiding hands where he
had placed it.
That consumers are oppressed in
other ways does not tend to create any
sympathy for the corporation in the
suit under consideration. That poor
light is furnished, that meters either
do not record fairly or are not fairly
read, that people who protest against
bills they know to be outrageous are
met with the arrogant statement that
they can pay up or have the gas shut
off, are mere incidents to be recalled
now that action has been brought in
resentment of a general injury long
patiently endured.
The statutes in the matter are clear
enough. The law under which the com
panies require a deposit is one of their
own making. They can enforce it only
by Intimidation. Section 629 of the
Civil Code, adopted as long ago as 1872,
covers the matter. It is as follows:
Upon the application in writing of the
owner or occupant of any dwelling or
premises not distant more than 100 feet
from any main of the corporation and
payment by the applicant of all moneys
due from him the corporation must sup
ply gas as required for such building or
premises, and cannot refuse on the
ground of any indebtedness of any for
mer occupant or owner thereof, "unless
the applicant has undertaken to pay the
same, If, for the space of ten days after
such application, the corporation refuses
TITE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 11, 1898.
; or neglects to supply the gas required, it
must pay to the applicant the sum of $50 !
; as liquidated damages, and 15 a day as
liquidated damages for every day such !
refusaJ or neglect continues thereafter.
But section 632 is for the protection of
gas companies. It gives them author- |
I ity to shut off the gas from anybody i
' who refuses to Day for it or for the
Judge S. C. Denson said: "I
think he can have his $5 back at
any time. The rule is simply on£
which should apply to unsettled
people, but a householder who
has a permanent and established
abode or who owns property
should not and could not be le
gally required to deposit the se
curity in that way. It amounts
to giving up perpetually that
amount of money under pretense
of exacting a security and is
really taking and keeping a
man's money without considera
tion. I think Mr. James will win
his suit because there is no con
sideration whatever for the $5
which he is suing for. They are
giving him absolutely nothing
for the amount. He pays for all
he gets, and if he continued in
definitely to take and pay for
gas, still they keep his money. I
say It is an unreasonable re
quirement and one without con
sideration and one that the law
will disregard."
rent of meters or any fittings used in
furnishing the supply. This would seem
to put the companies in a position to
collect anything which might be due.
Indeed it gives them a manifest advan
tage over others engaged in selling that
which the public is forced to buy.
From time to time efforts have been
made to mitigate the extortion prac
ticed by the gas companies, but their
emissaries have gone to Sacramento
and defeated every measure tending to
restrict their absolute sway. On Janu
ary 13, IS9I. Mr. Hamill .introduced in
the Senate a bill providing that any gas
company having In its possession
money deposited as security should re- i
fund it on demand, and in case of re
fusal forfeit to the aggrieved party
?500. This was referred to the Commit
tee on Corporations and never got any
further. On same date the same gentle
man introduced a bill providing that
gas companies on demand must supply
applicants with gas, placing in readi
ness all necessary appliances without
cost to the applicant, and naming a
heavy penalty for violation. This fol
lowed the course of the first measure,
and there was never a chance of voting
on it. A week later duplicates of these
measures were introduced in i^e House,
went to committee and so died.
The present suit was brought by Hen
ry James. "I regretted the necessity,"
he said, when asked concerning it.
"Aside from charging me for easily
double the amount of gas ever con
sumed in my house, the company, by
its representatives, has always treat
ed me with the utmost courtesy. Prob
ably my experience has been similar to
that of others, it occasionally happen
ing that the monthly bill would be ren-
Ex-Senator Tirey L. Ford is
of the opinion that the statutes
enacted governing the powers of
the gas corporations cover the
point upon which the suit of
Henry E. James is based and
that a strict interpretation of
section 629 of the Civil Code
leaves a balance in his favor.
"The language of the statute
cannot be mistaken," said Mr.
Ford last evening. "It was un-
Joubtedly enacted to govern the
powers of the gas corporations
in such cases as the one which
has been carried to the courts
'or adjudication. As to its con
stitutionality I am unable at
present to give an opinion, as I
lave given the matter but little
consideration and am not con
versant with opinions which
iiave been handed down when
his or a similar question was in
volved. On brief consideration
>f the question, however, I am
)f the opinion that the statute
vill stand when it is brought up
n the case soon to be tried. The
:ustom of the gas companies in
lemanding a deposit of $5 car
ies with it a double advantage
o the companies. It insures
hem from all loss that might
esult were the regular course
f business as carried on by bus
ness men and most business
orporations adopted and places
n their coffers that they may
cap the benefit therefrom a vast
urn of money, of the use of
rtiich the legal and rightful
wner is deprived."
I dered at a time inconvenient for Imme
j diate settlement. In such instances I
have named the day the account would
be settled, and the company has await
ed that day. I appreciate this, and
mention it to show that the suit is not
Inspired by personal feeling. A princi
ple is involved. Here is a great corpo
ration which has had for several years
$5 belonging to me. The corporation
daes not need it; quite possibly I might.
No doubt there are many men who are
I perfectly willing and competent to meet
their gas bills to whom the absence of
the $5 loaned indefinitely to the compa
ny is a hardship. I had these- in mind
If the company had returned my mon
ey it would have been obliged to return
the money of every other customer. If
I can force it by law to make restitu
tion the same result is attained.
"Learning that there is no law re
quiring me to make a deposit I con
cluded to get the money back, sup
posing there would be nothing to do
but ask for it. The official interviewed
refused to comply, was somewhat curt
it seemed to me, and I went to Mc-
Gowen & Squires and asked them to
bring suit. The- did not lose any
time. I think there will be a sort of
run on the gas companies if this little
case breaks the grip with which my
fiver is clutched, and it certainly will.
"There's no particular reason why a
corporation which has been presented
with a franchise permitting it to tear
up streets and measure its rotten gas
in a lot of quick consumption meters
should, by a gift from every customer,
be enabled to garner an unearned for
tune in addition to that which it gets
in a legitimate way, supposing, of
course, that its ordinary methods are
legitimate. The patron is at the mercy
of the corporation. It can overcharge
him shamefully, and does so. He has
no recourse. For the gas company
which, in the lapse of a year, absorbs
from each customer for gas he does
not burn more than the $5 he has put
up to make the plea that it needs se
curity is childish. It protects itself as
it goes along, it can always stop sell
ing when the patron defaults and there
is no chance of its losing as much as
it has made the patron lose. Besides,
it does not stand on the footing of the
merchant nor landlord. These pay for
their commodities and rights, and can
not be monopolists, while the most val
uable possession of a gas company is
a free gift which virtually carries with
it the privilege of being a monoply.
It s about time anyhow for the public
to have an accounting of the numerous
Jo pieces the gas people hold in trust."
A. F. Morrison of Morrison, Foerster
& Cope expressed the opinion last
evening that the language of the stat
ute would admit of but one construc
tion, and that construction was in
favor of the consumer and against the
corporation in event it endeavored to
transgress the laws governing its
powers. "Whether or not any subse
quent legislation has diminished the
effect of the statute I am unable to
say," he said last evening, "but if it
has not the language of the statute
cannot be misconstrued."
City and County Attorney H. T. Cres
well — I have never given the statute
regulating gas companies any particu
lar attention, and am not familiar with
its provisions. I should say, though oft
hand that the companies have no right
to demand a deposit from consumers,
and if this deposit is held illegally 1 do
not see why suit cannot be instituted
for its recovery.
Ex-Attorney General A. L. Hart—
Without looking into the matter
closely but from a casual reading of
the statute I should say that gas com
panies are required to furnish gas to
any applicant upon his performance of
the conditions named in the statute.
The arbitrary demand of a uniform de
posit of $5 from every consumer to be
retained as long as they are patrons
of the company is not one of the condi
tions named and therefore connot be
enforced.
I think, though, the company could
require the payment in advance each
month of a sum approximating the
amount of the bill, any surplus to be
credited to the next month's charge.
In this case, I am inclined to think
that the plaintiff having deposited the
$5 demanded cannot recover it, as it
would be regarded as a voluntary pay
ment. His course, it would seem to
me, would have been to surrender his
meter and after receiving his deposit
and paying all charges for gas that
might be due the company, demand
service again, and proceed according to
the statute to enforce it."
President Crockett, when seen in re
lation to the matter, stated that the
term deposit is a misnomer, the money
exacted from persons using gas being
solely for the purpose of securing the
company from any loss through irre
sponsible parties where it would be
impossible for the mnpany to recover.
When parties are •eeommended as be
ing responsible he said no money is
exacted from them.
"The system w s inaugurated by the
advice of S. M. Wilson, our attorney at
that time," Mr. Crockett, "and is
a rule of the company which we con
sider to be only a reasonable protec
tion of our Imprest."
A DAM CASE.
Residents on Taylor Slough Are Very
Much Agitated Over an Al
leged Obstruction.
James McAravy, who was arrested last
evening on a warrant Issued by I'nited
States Court Commissioner Heacock. was
taken before a Justice of the Peace at
Antloch and released on giving bonds in
the sum of JT/iO.
McAravy Is foreman for Wright Bros..
: prominent property owners in Contra
: Coeta County. Above their property is
a dam on Taylor Slough which runs into
; Suisun Bay, and which was constructed
twenty-five years ago for the purpose of
, assisting In the reclamation of the lands
below It. In 1890 Congress passed an act
I making it unlawful to build or to main
, tain any dam In navigable waters. The
j arrest of McAravy Is for violation of this
act.
A few days ago certain unknown per
*ns "lew up the dam with dynamite, and
when McAravy began to repair the dam
age his arrest followed. Property owners
above the dam contend that Taylor
Slough Is navigable: that the dam fa an
obstruction to navigation, and that but
for its presence they would be able to
go to their property in boats. Owners of
property situated below the dam contend
that the removal of the dam would undo
all the work of reclamation that has been
done for many years past, and that their
property would be ruined.
ENROLLED FOR PROGRESS.
Fourteen More Business Firms Affili
ate With the Merchants' As
sociation.
The regular meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association
was held yesterday. Four applicants were
made members.
Progress was reported by the commit
tee having in charge the subject of re
pavement of business blocks, improved
, street lighting and the disposal of garb
j age. The committee upon the proposed
j new license ordinance reported that its
j efforts were successful and that the mat
!" r n » d keen indefinitely postponed by the
I Board of Supervisors. It was decided that
a of acknowledgment be duly for
warded to the Supervisors upon this sub
ject. Provisions in the proposed new
charter were considered and it was de
cided that a special committee should re-
Port to the board upon any matters upon
which the action of that body was deemed
necessary.
Is Probably Insane.
Ellen Payne was appointed guardian of
Robert and Katie Robertson, children of
Mrs. Jane Robertson, by Judge Slack yes
terday. The mother of the children was
summoned to appear in court when' the
application of Mrs. Payne to be appointed
guardian of her children came up, but as
she did not appear an attachment was is
sued for her by the court. She was put
on the stand, but answered the questions
put to her in an incoherent manner. This
led the Judge to the conclusion that she
was insane, and he ordered her confined
ln the Receiving Hospital until to-day
when he will be examined by the insanity
commissioners. The court then appointed
Mrs. Payne guardian of the children.
Will Be Tried To-Day.
When the cases of Mrs. J. A. Clark of
God's Regular Army, charged with cruel
ty to Alice Loy, and Captain Engelberg,
charged with battery upon Bennie Loy,
her brother, were called in Judge Con
lan's court, yesterday, their attorney
asked that the cases be transferred to
Judge Cumphell's court. The change was
made, and Judge Campbell fixed the hear
ing for this morning. An effort was made
to get the defendants released on their
own recognizances, l.ut it failed.
Illegal Mining.
United States Attorney Foote yesterday
presented an information against Ah
Louis, Ah Chung and Ah Shang. charg
ing them with conducting hydraulic min
ing in the Indiana Hill mine. Placer
County, without having obtained the re
quired le^al permit.
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL INCREASES HIS
BANK ROLL AT THE CITY'S EXPENSE
His Bills Aggregate $500 per Month for Stabling a Few Horses
Belonging to the Central Station Wagon and
the Hospital Ambulance,
His Heavy Demands on the Treasury Likely to Result in an Investigation
by the Grand Jury-Receives Pay for Taking Care of
Captain Wittman's Charger.
There is one man in this city who
has no desire to go to the Klondike.
His name is C. H. Westphal. Mr. West
phal is a veterinary surgeon, doing
business at 121 and 123 City Hall avenue.
According to the bills which he pre
sents to the Board of Supervisors every
month, and which are duly audited, he
has a small Klondike in this city.
For some time past Westphal has en
joyed the friendship of the heads of the
Police Department, and as the result
he has materially added to his bank
account. Not content with allowing
him to draw over $400 a month from
the city for "feeding and caring" for
a few horses attached to the patrol
wagon of the Central station and the
Receiving Hospital ambulance the Po
lice Commissioners some time ago ap
pointed him veterinary surgeon of the
department.
Westphal's bills for the month of
January, according to the records of
the Board of Supervisors, were as fol-
Feeding and caring for the horses at
tached to the Receiving Hospital ambu
lance, $111.
Caring for the horses belonging to the
mounted police, $152.
Stabling and feeding the horses at
tached to the Central Police Station
wagon. $200.
Salary as veterinary surgeon', $100.
Total, $563.
This does not include the frequent
sums Westphal receives for "caring for
stray horses and dogs." Whew a run
away horse is caught by the police it
is at once turned over to Westphal. He
cares for the animal until the owner
appears,, and he is then taxed at the
rate of $1 per day. It matters not
whether the horse has been in the sta
ble only five minutes, the owner Is com
pelled to pay the usual rate.
Just why Westphal should enjoy a
monopoly of the stabling and care of
the horses attached to the Central sta
tion patrol wagon and the Receiving
Hospital ambulance is a source of con
siderable worriment for tlie various
other stable keepers. They openly de
clare that he is a friend of Captain
Wittman, and that he induced ex-Chief
of Police Crowley to appoint him a
member of the department.
Frequently Wittman ant! Westphai
can be seen driving through Golden
Gate Park behind a spirited team.
Whether the city is charged for their
"pleasant drives" the records of the
Supervisors do not state.
Westphal also enjoys the privilege of
purchasing horses for the department.
Whenever a horse attached to the pa
trol wagons roes lame or is pro
nounced unfit to travel over the coble
stones of Market street, he is at once
condemned and Westphal is instructed
to "buy another." After purchasing
an animal he turns the bill over to the
head of the department and it is mark-
Westphal receives additional pay for
taking care of the Chief's horse and
also the one belonging to Captain
Wittman. Just why Wittman should
be allowed a horse at the city's expense
is puzzling the other captains in the
department. Captains Spillane and
Dunleavy manage to cover their re
spective districts without the aid of
horses, and Captain Gillen stables his
charger at his own expense.
Westphal's monthly "draw down"
from the city has caused considerable
comment about the City Hall, and it is
not unlikely that the Grand Jury will
be asked to find out where he gets his
"pull." .
SUICIDE OF
ESTHER WILSON
Young Woman Takes Her Life
as the Result of a
Quarrel.
After Receiving a Scolding She
Takes a ' Dose of Carbolic
Acid.
As the result of a trivial quarrel Esther
Wilson, a young woman 19 years of age.
committed suicide yesterday morning at
her home at 143 Erie street. She had
taken this desperate means as a last re
source to escape the scoldings which her
sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Sully, found neces
sary occasionally to administer to her.
Early yesterday afternoon, after a
heated quarrel between the sisters, Mrs.
Sully left the house and went to her home
at 2314 Seventeenth street, and when she
returned two hours later she discovered
the dead body of Esther lying prostrate
in the doorway leading from the kitchen
to the dining-room and a half-emptied
wine glass of carbolic acid on the kitchen
table.
She notified her brother-in-law, J. W.
Hooker, who did all in his power to re
suscitate the body by administering
arii.aotes to counteract the effects of the
poison, but without avail, as the girl had
been dead fully two hours, and must have
taken the poison soon after her sister left
the house. The glass containing the poison
was fully examined, and the fluid -proved
to be pure carbolic acid. Where the
poison was procured by the unfortunate
girl is a mystery, but it is presumed by
her relatives that she bought it at a
nearoy drugstore.
After fruitless attempts to bring the
girl Dack to ie the deputy Coroner was
sent for, and who at the request of
Hooker allowed the body to remain in the
house instead of conveying it to the
Morgue.
It was lifted from the kitchen where it
had fallen and placed at the suggestion of
Deputy Coroner O'Brien in the girl's for
mer bedroom, where it now lies.
Police Officer Matthew Wilson, the
girl's father, was sent for immediately
after the discovery of the body, but did
not arrive until late in the afternoon.
He is completely prostrated over the
death of his daughter.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Pauline E. Townes has commenced suit
against John F. Townes for divorce on
the ground of desertion.
Emma M. White has applied for a di
vorce from Daniel J. White on the ground
of cruelty.
Laura C. Brott has applied for a divorce
from Frank Brott. She alleges failure to
provide.
Lows Horehound Cough Syrup cures
bronchitis, price 10c 417 Saasome at, *
DR.Cf.H.WE-STPHAL.
i - -■'; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Ancl with/it; we I/T ll^^ I.
© fii . .*-« ..■-.. chnw thp finp^t ''•'■ M \ / \ £§
® a*U . .  ollUxi 1110 llllCoL u\ I \ @
I /\\ line of I ill 1
s I '//U /•' v OUI 1 O **-^ * ®
I \\ .\\l- ;'[■■ Eyer offered in i
1 We have. Just added one-half to the capacltu of I
1 our lower floor bu moving our workshop upstairs. |
I This was absolutely necessary on account of th8 # | V
I arrival of an immense amount of New Goods that I ,
1 have been pouring in upon us. -• | ,
I Among this fine line of clothing " we have I i
I selected several hundred suits, veru much superior |
I to anu ever offered heretofore in San Francisco I
I for Sio.oo. I
@ i Every one of them is just what you would want a (i( i @
«' i Suit to be— Bright, new styles, perfect fitting and all wool. V ©
(5) i In handsome shades of gray, checks, blues and browns. > ®
® . ( Kept la repair one year free of charge. We guarantee the \ ®
®. 1 clothes, and we guarantee to suit all who buy. \ g
I Let us fit uou out— it will cost uou $10— no 1
1 more, no less, for anu one of these fine new stule I
® * ><
I- COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS, I
I 718-722 MARKET ST., S. p. I *
sale OF INDIAN BASKETS; A . rS^^^ l^
, - The studio of Applied Arts. 701 Sutter St.. ' ls :£*O O . MAKKET BT OPP pa. *,:
having asale of nre-etched wood and leather, UOO HotriTTTeUrAon. 878 l H.Wid^f-^