VOLUME LXXXIV.-KO. 151.
REVISION FOR
DREYFUS URGED
BY PROSECUTOR
Reporter Bard F°H°wed by M. M.
Monard and Manua, Who
AsK for Justice.
Generai Gcnge Replies to the Charge of Dis
honorable Action Made Against H im
by Colonel Picquart.
Special Dispatch to The C&JL
LONDON. Oct. 2S.— ln moderate circles, according to the Paris
correspondent of the Times, where a serious effort is being made
to discover the truth of the Dreyfus affair, the impression left by the
report of M. Bard, and by the bequislore (petitionary of M. Manau.
the procurateur general), is profound, painful and discouraging. The
correspondent of the Times continues: "The thought which weighs
like a pall on the country seems to be a reluctance to believe in the
complete innocence of Dreyfus, because such a belief would involve
such terrible censure of those responsible, knowingly or unknowing
ly, for his condemnation."
PARIS, Oct. 28.— At to-day's session
of the Court of Cassation in the Palace
of Justice, M. Bard, the reporter, con
cluded his report of the Dreyfus case,
the first part of which was presented
yesterday. He said this morning that
the court must make every investiga
tion necessary to enlighten It and to
place the whole truth in evidence. It
was for the court to decide what re
mained to be done. The task was a del
icate one, but that was no motive to
avoid it. He concluded: "You have
a great duty to fulfill. Do what your
conscience dictates."
M. Monaud, counsel for Madame
Dreyfus, charged that an investigation
be ordered concerning the divergency
of the testimony of the experts who
examined the bordereau in 1894 and in
1897, and also to ascertain whether or
not secret documents were communi
cated to the members of the court
martial.
The prosecutor, M. Manau, followed
M. Monaud. Discussing the case, he
said:
"Nobody can now take the Dreyfus
affair out of your hands, nor can you
reJinquish it without dereliction of
duty. Tour decisions must constitute
for everybody the expression of truth
and justice. Revise the trial then,
gentlemen, or at least prepare the road
for its revision."
M. Manau declared the court could j
not annul the sentence imposed upon j
Dreyfus without a retrial of the pris- |
oner. He added:
"You must fix the responsibility. If
Dreyfus is innocent, the culprit must
not go unpunished."
The public prosecutor, continuing,
proceeded to argue on the same lines
as M. Bard, the reporter of the case,
urging a revision of the trial and
dwelling upon the fallibility of the
writing experts. He also suggested
that Major Esterhazy should testify on
the subject of the bordereau, saying:
"He can admit its authorship with
impunity, since a court-martial has ac
quitted him of being the author of it.
But what a service he has rendered to
the country in confessing that he is it*
author and what a service he will ren
der the unhappy Dreyfus."
M. Manau concluded with denounc
ing the "villainous attacks upon the
partisans of revision," and made a
strong plea that the court be not influ
enced by outside pressure, but that it
decide in favor of a revision of the
case and the immediate provisional lib
eration of Dreyfus.
At this stage of the proceedings, M.
Bard read a letter from General Gonze
to the president of the Court of Cassa
tion, in which the general said: "I
have just heard of a memorandum in
troduced in court yesterday, in which
Picquart accused me of a dishonorable
action! I have never previously heard
of this memorandum, and I wish to
deny most formally Picquarfs allega
tions. I think my word is of greater
value than that of a man imprisoned
on the suspicion of forgery."
The reading of the last statement
ca'.led forth loud protests in court. The
reporter added that as Colonel Pic
quart's memorandum was publicly read
it was only justice to read General
Gonze's denial. The president of tha
court ordered that the general's letter
be added to the documents in the case,
and the court adjourned.
The court was less crowded than
yesterday, but the same stringent pre
cautions were taken. There was no
excitement outside the Palace of Jus
tice. Only a few people assembled
about the building and the streets in
the neighborhood presented their every,
day appearance.
The newspapers here are sharply di
vided into two camps, one of them
hiphly praising M. Bard's report to the
Court of Cassation as clearly setting
forth the truth and proving the inno
cence of Dreyfus, and the other insist
ing that the report was merely a plead
• kig in favor of the prisoner.
ONE SIGNIFICANT
REVELATION MADE
PARIS. Oct. 28.— T0-day's proceed
ings at the Court of Cassation were de
void of sensation. The only emotion
caused ensued durng the reading of the
pathetic letters from Dreyfus. A sig
nificant point was the revelation of the
fact that General de Boisdeffre gave
orders, after the Dreyfus case was sup
posedly closed, for the dossier, contain
ing tile bordereaux, to be burned, and
expressed surprise to find that hi« or
ders had not been executed.
Thus far the War Office has not been
represented and there is little hop«
The San Francisco Call
of securing the dossier. M. Dupuy
was Premier during the Dreyfus trial,
and his appointment delights the anti-
Dreyfusites. It is asserted that the
father-in-law of Dreyfus has received
a letter from the prisoner in his own
handwriting. Formerly only copies of
his letters were transmitted, and the
new departure is regarded as a favor
able sign.
DUPUY WILL FORM
THE NEW CABINET
PARIS, Oct. 28.— M. Dupuy has se
cured the support of MM. Ribot, Del
Casse and Leygues, and has formally
informed President Faure that he is
prepared to form a Cabinet.
AMERICANS YET HOLD
UNDISPUTED POSSESSION
WASHINGTON, Oft. 28.— The Madrid
telegram printed in to-day's papers
stating that after the departure of the
Charleston from the Ladrones the
Spaniards lowered the American flag
and hoisted the Spanish, the islands
thereby reverting to Spain, is nonsense
and is so regarded in official circles
here.
A number of Government transports
have touched at Guam since then and
soldiers were left to garrison these
islands. The last vessel via Guam was
the Pennsylvania, which arrived in
San Francisco October 15. At that time
the Americans held undisputed posses
sion.
INFANTA MARIA TERESA
WILL SAIL ON SUNDAY
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. lg&S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAIMANERA, Cuba, Oct. 28.— The
Infanta Maria Teresa will sail Sunday
morning. The Cincinnati, Leonidas and
Potomac will convoy her to Cape May.
All the holes have been patched and
the turret cables tightened. The star
board engine is in a satisfactory con
dition. Just three months ago to-day
the gunboat Sandoval was sunk by the
Spanish. She made a satisfactory trial
trip to-day and will be ready for ser
vice Monday.
PEACE COMMISSION
NEARING CONCLUSION
PARIS, Oct. 28.— The American
Peace Commissioners, at their sessions
to-day, drew up a memorandum on the
subject of the Philippines, which, it is
expected, they will place before the
Spanish Commissioners at the joint
session, which is to take place on Mon
day.
MADRID, Oct. 28.— 1t is rumored that
the Paris Peace Commission will ter
minate in four days. Sagasta said to
day on leaving the Palace that he
thought the work of the commission
would be finished next week.
DEATH AFTER
SIXTEEN YEARS
OF SLUMBER
Close of a Life That Furnished
a Great Scientific Problem
to Physioians.
NETW ORLEANS, Oct. 28. —
Miss Elmire Marie Charpentier,
the last sixteen years of whose
life have furnished a scientific
problem, is dead. When 9 years
old she began to sleep longer
than was normal, and at the
death of her little brother, to
whom she was passionately de
voted, her sleeping spells began
to be more prolonged. She was
IS years old at that time.
Then she had an attack of
fever and went into a trance
which lasted up to her death,
with intermissions of two hours
daily, when she was fed. During
these intermissions she was in
full possession of her faculties
and appreciated her condition.
Miss Charpentier was the
daughter of Abnolr S. Char
pentier of Lobit & Charpentier,
one of the wealthiest commission
houses in New Orleans in ante
bellum days. The war swept
away their fortune and her
father died. For three days be
fore her death Miss Charpentier
evinced no sign of her usual
waking. In sixteen years of her
trance she was awake 11,680
hours and unconscious 140,160
hours. She was conscious one
year and ten months out of six
teen years.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
REPUDIATED BY HIS OWN PARTY, THE "HEFTING"
MAYOR IMPLORES AID FROM THE G. 0. P.
ALL BRITISH
ALL Dill I lon
EYES HIE NOW
ON MAUD
Major's Movements
Are Watched.
IS ON THE WAY TO CAIRO
ENGLAND HAS NOT DECLABED A
PROTECTORATE OVER EGYPT.
But the Policy Is Maintained That
the Valley of the Nile Must
Be Egyptian Ter
ritory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— The morning
newspaper editorials regard Major
Marchand's movements from Fashoda
to Khartoum as indicative of a yield
ing on the specific question in contro
versy, although the position is official
ly unaltered.
It is assumed that he will push on
to Cairo, in order to be in direct com
munication with the French Govern
ment, and that on reaching there he
will represent to Paris the impossibil
ity of remaining at Fashoda under ex
isting conditions, and will ask author
ity to withdraw his entire force.
The Times says: "The desire as
cribed to France to raise a general dis
cussion ought to be in itself sufficient
answer to the ridiculous rumor circu
lated in ill-informed quarters yester
day (Friday) that we intended to play
into her hands by declaring a protec
torate over Egypt. Nothing could be
more unlikely at the present moment."
The Daily News takes it for granted
that Major Marchand will go to Paris.
The first Cabinet Minister to speak
publicly since the Cabinet Council on
Thursday is Lord Balfour of Burleigh,
Secretary for Scotland, who, when ad
dressing a meeting last evening at Cal
ashiels, Scotland, declared that it was
the settled policy of the Government
that the valley of the Nile must be
Egyptian territory.
Earl Spencer, First Lord of the Ad
miralty in Lord Rosebery's govern
ment, in a strong speech last night at
Greenock indorsed Lord Salisbury's at
titude toward the Egyptian question
and referred with the greatest satis
faction to a "prospect of an Anglo-
Saxon entente."
Baron de Courcel, French Embassa
dor, had another long interview with
the Foreign Office yesterday afternoon
with Sir Thomas Sanderson, Perma
nent Under Secretary of State for For
eign Affairs, and there is no doubt that
important matters were under discus*
slon.
The rumor was circulated on the
Paris boulevards yesterday that Major
Marchand would be recalled from Fa
shoda; but on neither side of tha chan
j nei— certainly not on this side— is any
serious attention paid to the rumor
that England will declare a protector
ate over Egr>'pt.
The Paris correspondent of the
Standard says: "I have excellent au
thority for the assertion that Major
Marchand left Fashoda on his own ini
tiative, but that he will demand per
mission to withdraw the mission, since
his men are dying of hunger and dis
ease."
The special correspondent of the
Daily News at Omdurman telegraphs:
"I have reason to believe that Major
Marchand is waiting for instructions to
withdraw the French mission from Fa
shoda."
ENGLISH SUMMARY
OF THE SITUATION
LONDON, Oct. 28.— The Pan Mall
Gazette this afternoon summarizes the
result of the British Cabinet meeting
yesterday as follows:
"1. Marchand must be withdrawn un
conditionally and no undertaking or
promise can be given to discuss the
questions raised by FraAce in regard
to access to the Nile and such like.
"2. When Marchand is withdrawn it
will be determined whether or not the
questions raised admit of discussion,
and under what conditions discussion
can be proceeded with.
"3. Every possible racllity will be af
forded to assist in Marchand's with
drawal by which ever route is selected.
"4. If Marchand is not withdrawn
there will be no interference with his
remaining at Fashoda or with the date
fixed for his withdrawal. Necessarily
reinforcements will not be permitted to
reach him. He will be treated court
eously as a foreign visitor, and will be
regarded in no other light.
"5. Therefore it is left to France to
adopt any active measures to precipi
tate a conflict."
The Pall Mall Gazette adds that it
has good reason to believe that, while
Russia has counselled France to tide
over the difficulty and avoid war, she
has promised to throw her weight in
the scale at no distant date for the pur
pose of bringing the whole Egyptian
question and the British occupation of
Egypt to the front for settlement.
GREAT BRITAIN HAS NOT
DECLARED A PROTECTORATE
LONDON, Oct. 28.— There does not
seem to be the slightest ground for the
report of yesterday that the British
Cabinet had decided to declare a pro
tectorate of Great Britain over Egypt.
It was based solely on a London dis
patch to the Paris Soir. The papers
do not comment upon the statement
made, and the St. James Gazette alone
alludes to the subject, urging the Gov
ernment to adopt such a course.
MAJOR MARCHAND
RETURNING TO PARIS
CAIRO, Egynt. Oct. 28.— A boat re
cently dispatched to Fashoda has
reached Khartoum on its return jour
ney, and it is asserted that Major
Marchand is on board of her.
PARIS, Oct. 28.— The French Foreign
Office has received a dispatch from its
diplomatic agency at Cairo confirminK
the reported arrival of Major Marchand
at Khartoum.
It is added that the major deemed it
necessary to personally bring to Cairo
the unfinished portion of his report of
the explorations. Captain Gorman was
left in command of the French Mission
at Fashoda.
Killed by a Boiler Explosion.
LAKE LINDEN. Mich., Oct. 28.— A
boiler in the Calumet and Hecla boiler
house exploded at noon to-day, killing:
three men instantly and burning one
seriously.
NEGOTIATIONS
FOR PEACE ARE
PROGRESSING
Encouraging Reports
From Paris.
ADMINISTRATION HOPEFUL
THINKS THE TREATY WILL SOON
BE CONCLUDED.
The Philippine Question Not Beached,
but Will Probably Be Taken
Up Early Next
Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— The Presi
dent was enabled to lay before the Cab
inet to-day very encouraging reports
frum Paris regarding the progress of
the peace negotiations. The adminis
tration now fully believes that the ne
gotiations will be concluded much
sooner than was expected from the out
look a few days ago. It can be stated
authoritatively that the commissioners
have not actually begun the discussion
of the Philippine question, and, further,
that it will not be taken. up until next
week. Since the Spaniards have found
that the American Commissioners mean
exactly what they say and that their
presentation of the side of the United
States is really an ultimatum, the use
lessness of prolonged debate, it is said,
has become apparent to the Spaniards,
and it is now believed the Philippine
discussion will be less protracted than
was reported some days ago. The re
cent action of the United States Gov
ernment intimating that the negotia
tions were proceeding much too slowly
has had its effect upon the Spanish
Commissioners, and they are not likely
to debate remaining propositions to the
length they did the settlement of the
Cuban debt.
The United States has not assumed
nor guaranteed the so-called municipal
debt of Cuba or Cuban municipalities,
but it is expected that such debts will
be paid by the municipalities incurring
them for by no reasoning could they be
charged upon Spain. Our Government,
it is said in official circles, would look
upon any attempt at evading the pay
ment of such debts as repudiation and
dishonesty, and whatever government
is established in Cuba will be expected
to see that these obligations are carried
out in good faith. Moreover, some of
the bonds of the Cuban municipalities
are held by citizens of the United
States and the United States might in
sist that the investments of her citi
zens in such securities are made good.
The State Department has no informa
tion as to the amount of these munici
pal liabilities.
Although the members of the Cabi
net are extremely reticent on the sub
ject of the acquisition of the Philip
pines there is now little or no doubt
that nothing less than the cession of
the entire group of islands will be ac
cepted by the American commissioners.
Secretary Wilson brought up at the
Cabinet session the fact that Blanco is
still charging $10 a hundred for beef
cattle going into Cubai. ports controlled
by the Spaniards, while the United
States is admitting beef cattle free of
duty to ports controlled by American
officials. The Cabinet concluded that
it has no power at present to change
this state of affairs, and that Blanco
must bear the responsibility. As soon
as the United States takes possession
of the various ports, however, this will
be changed. Some of the ports near
Havana will be opened to the free entry
of beef cattle and other things and that
will result in benefit to Havana.
PARIS PAPERS ON THE
PHILIPPINE QUESTION
i PARIS, Oct. 28.— La Volente, discuss
ing the Philippine question to-day,
says: "The Americans could well make
concessions to compensate for their
rigor on the Cuban question."
Quoting the Philippine article of the
protoco-1 the paper says: "The word
ing is vague and forecasts the Spanish
contention relative to the meaning of
the words 'control' and 'disposition.'
"Spain," La Volente concludes, "is
minus money and a fleet to re-establish
order and it would be more prudent to
allow the Americans to do so, Spain
claiming a money indemnity in ex
change for her sovereignty over the
archipelago, which it would be diffi
cult for the Americans to refuse."
The Gaulois takes the view that the
Cuban question was not settled by it
self and that by counter concessions on
the Philippine question an arrangement
mutually satisfactory will be reached.
But in the meanwhile, the Gaulois adds,
no decision is possible before the elec
tions, which is according to the desire
of the American commission.
CONDITION OF
THE EMPEROR
IS CRITICAL
But Examining Physicians Re
port That He May Live
for Some Time.
Specal Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1898, by James
Gordon Bennett.
PEKING. Oct. 28.— The Em
peror has submitted to a medical
consultation of which the follow
ing is the result: His Majesty's
weakness has latterly made con
siderable progress. He is ex
tremely pale. The lumbar region
is the seat of almost continual
pains. The Emperor i 3 extreme
ly sensitive to cold. He feels the
sensation of the hand of death in
his hands. Shortness of breath
and oppression are constant and
grow worse when he moves.
The patient complains of buzz
ing in the ears and very marked
difficulty in hearing. He has con
tinual headaches, and his eye
sight is dimmed and not so good
as formerly. When he sits up
he feels great giddiness. His di
gestion is slow and painful. The
lower limbs are very emaciated.
His pulse very weak and greatly
accelerated. His present symp
toms may be diagnosed as
chronic nephritis.
Although the Emperor's condi
tion and anaemic conditions are
extremely serious there does not
seem to be any immediate dan
ger. I am told that the physi
cians' report has been communi
cated to the foreign legations.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BUCK DEATH
REACHES THE
GOLDEN CATE
Duchesse Anne
an Infected
Ship.
HER CREW REDUCED BY TWO
THE BUBONIC PLAGUE SMOTE
THEM ON THE HIGH SEAS.
Ship Placed in Quarantine — History
of the Dread Disease Now Ter
rorizing All of Southern
Europa.
Last evening:, when the French bark
Duchesse Anne, hailing from Hong
kong, passed in through the Golden
Gate she halted in the stream' but
a few minutes, then turned her
prow toward Angel Island and went
into quarantine at the Government sta
tion. It will be weeks before her crew
or cargo will be allowed to land, for
the ship is unclean; from her decks not
long over a month ago two bodies were
cast into the sea— two bodies blackened
and distorted by the ravages of the
bubonic plague, "the black death."
A note handed by the ship's captain
to the health officer told in simple lan
guage how "the black death" had vis
ited his vessel and reduced her crew
by two when far from aid out on the
high seas. It read:
"August 20 CAPTAIN JOS CER
VANY, aged 31 years, a native of
France, died of bubonic plague and wag
buried at sea.
"September 19 ANGIE MENIER,
aged 50 years, a native of France, died
of the same disease and was buried at
sea,"
This was the simple story, but It car
ried with it terror to the heart of the
health officer. If the dread disease
stretched out and with its grasp of
death laid hand on the people of this
land who knew what might be the end?
So auCTibf wSs weighed and the in
fected ship sailed into quarantine,
where she will remain until the living
germs of death wither in the fumes
that will penetrate every nook and
crevice of hold and cabin.
Europe is now terror stricken at the
alarming -advances of this dread dis
ease. In the temperate climes' of Italy
and Austria it has been stalking
through the land, leaving in its path
scores of blackened victims. But few
live to tell of the pain and dread that
seizes its victims after it has once laid
hold. The disease in itself is a ma
lignant and fatal contagious fever. In
early ages it raged throughout Egypt
and the Levant and spread its devas
tating epidemics throughout almost the
whole of Europe. So fearful are its
ravages that it has teen an obstacle to
the growth of countries and has time
and again turned back the tide of civil
ization. It first appeared in Constan
tinople in A. D. 544, and when the peo
ple of that land looked upon its results
and upon the bodies of its victims they
named it "the pest," "the black death"
and "the great mortality." From that
date the germs of the disease seemed
to have taken a firm hold upon th»
country and many < pidemics have
taken place since then, forty-five hav
ing occurred in the seventeenth cen
tury.
Twenty-five millions of people, it is
estimated, have fallen under the blow
of "the black death," the majority' of
whom were counted among the dead
during the existence of less than a
dozen epidemics — those which occurred
at London in 1665, Copenhagen in 1712,
Marseilles in 1720, Moscow in 1771,
Malta in 1813, Selecia in 1819, Bulgaria
in 1828-29, Egypt in 1844, among the
Arabs of North Africa in 1857, Mesopo
tamia in 1857, and in Persian Kurdistan
in 1871.
The plague is now looked -upon aa a
zymotic disease, dependent upon poi
sonous atmospheric conditions. The
germs of the plague gain access to the
blood, rapidly multiply and destroy its
nutritive elements. In malignity and
nature it is not unlike tynhus fever. Its
propagation is said to occur by direct
or indirect contagion, and is greatly
assisted by overcrowding, uncleanliness
and residence in damp, marshy coun
tries.
After exposure to the disease there is
a latency of from two to seven days,
then four stages of the disease follow
in rapid succession. As termed by the
scientists who have made laborious in
vestigations, the first stage is called
invasion, the second fever, the third
local phlegmons, and last collapse or
convalescence. Lassitude and en
feeblement of mind and body are
precedent symptoms; shivering, head
ache, vertigo, vomiting, hifh fever,
great prostration and sometimes un
consciousness, tell of its definite onset.
Enlargement of lymphatic glands and
carbuncles mark the advance of the
disease, and then, in the fatal cases,
and they are in the large majority,
purple spots and black discolorations
mottle the skin. Hemorrhage into the
lungs and from the lungs is another
complication and was a frequent
symptom of "the black death" in the
Middle Ages. William Pe^ier states
that "Its duration is from two to ten
days and convalescence is slow. It is
prevented by hygienic measures and
public quarantine, but its treatment,
beyond general measures of stimulation ,
and nutritive support, avails little."
Such is the history of "the black
death." A ship infected with its germ
of death has reached our shores, but
the prompt measures of the health au
thorities will stamp it out and turn
away the danger of Its dread results.2
CAMP CONDITIONS
AT CHICKAMAUGA
Investigating Board Is
Pleased.
WATER NOT CONTAMINATED
ONE ACCUSATION SEEMINGLY
UNFOUNDED.
Many Expressions of Commendation
by Members of the Methods
Pursued at Sternberg
juospital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., Oct. 2S.—
The war investigating; commission
Spent the entire day inspecting the site
of Camp Thomas in Chickamauga Park
under the guidance of General Boynton,
General A. P. Stewart, a member of
the CMckamauga Park Commission,
and Mr. E. E. Betts, the engineer of
the committee. The inspection began at
Lytle station and covered all points of
interest in the park and near its bor
ders which have been in any way in
1 in the controversy concerning
the sanitation of the camp, including
berg and Leiter hospitals; the
various springs from which water was
obtained by the troops, including the
famous Crawfish Springs and the point
on Chickamauga Creek at which the
■water of the pipe line supply was taken
out.
Especial attention was given to this
latter place, because of criticisms which
have been made upon this source of the
camp's water supply. They found the
intake pipe submerged about twenty
feet above the m<juth of a tributary
creek locally known as Cave Spring
Creek, which drained the camp. The
charge had been made that the water
the tributary stream had con
taminated the camp's water, being
carried back into it by means of eddies,
and, in one case, by an overflow after a
freshet.
neral Boynton and Mr. Betts, who
had both been concerned in the loca
tion of the pipe line, admitted that
there had been an occasion when Cave
g had overflowed, thus throwing
its water into the main stream. The
I had occurred at night when
the pumps were shut down and no
water was being taken in. They call
ed attention to the depth of the stream
end urged the impossibility of infection
from this stream.
General Wilson gave especial atten
tion to the question as an engineer
ing problem, and while he refused to
himself to be quoted, it was evi
dent from the interest he manifested
and the expressions he dropped that he
was i 1 with the striking im
probability, if not the impossibility, of
infection from this source. It was also
equally evident that a majority of the
committee formed the same opinion.
There were many expressions of com
mendation of the methods- followed at
Steinberg Hospital, and General Dodge
was heard to remark that it was a
pity to have to leave any situation so
well equipped. All patients were housed
in wooden houses. Major Griffin, in
command of the hospitals, said it would
Boon be abandon ■■<].
The committee save attention to the |
proximity: of th« various camps to one i
another and the depth and localities of i
the sinks. The conclusion seemed quite :
general that many camps were too {
close together and that this fault could ;
have been avoided by moving, as there !
was in the opinion of at least Borne of]
tnmittee, sufficient space that was
not occupied for the accommodation of
many thousands more of troops. Many
of the sinks were found to have been ;
nearer the tents than proper ideas of |
sanitation encourage and in &onie cases j
the character of the surface was found
to be such as to warrant the conviction |
that the sinks were shallower than they i
should have been, but this war. true i
only of parts of the camp.
After concluding the inspects n of.
the camp Major Griffin, who had
before the commission before, was ask
ed to make a statement concerning I
some criticisms of the hospitals, made '
in a Vermont newspaper by Frank A.
Bailey, who had spent six weeks in the
nursing his brother. When
he returned home he wrote an article ;
sayine, among other things, that he
had heard physicians tell attendants to j
give their attention to patients who j
had a chance to recover and not to \
nurse those who were sure to die. These j
instructions were given, he said, in the i
nee of those designated as of the
latter class, and he had heard other
physicians instruct their helpers 10 j
give ice cold baths with the view of
"finishing their patients."
Dr. Giffin pronounced as false all this ;
Dr. Charles F. Craig, bacteriologist
of the Sternberg Hospital, was also ex
amined. He was questioned especially
with reference to the water supply of
the camp, and he expressed the opinion j
that the water taken from the Chlcka
mauga River through the pipe system
was purer than that in the wells and
springs of the grounds. He said he
had round some sewer bacilli in one
or two of the wells, though no typhoid
germs. He had also found impurities j
in water taken from some of the
springs. He had made two analyses of
Che water from the river, one before the
July freshet and the other after it. and
had found it to be entirely wholesome j
from a bacteriological standpoint. It
was muddy and he thought it should be
filleted: He had also made tests which |
convinced him that there was no dun- :
per- of eddies carrying the water of the
Cave Spring Creek into the pipes.
Dr, Craig expressed the opinion that
common housefiies are capable of prov
ing a decided source of disease' infection
and he detailed bacteriological testa
showing that they carried typhoid \
gerxns upon their feet. He. also said j
that he had macerated a number of
flies which had been placed on sugar
impregnated with the germ and had
procured from them a pure typhoid
bacillus culture.
HONOR MEDALS FOR
HEROES OF THE WAR
Orders for a Board of Officers to De-
termine Who Shall Be the
Recipients.
WARHINGTON.. Oct. 2S.— The following
order has been issued by the War De
partment:
By. direction of the Secretary of War
a board of officers will assemble at Wash-
D. ' '.. November 9, IX9B. or as soon
thereafter as practicable, for the purpose
of making recommendations for brevet
promotions, the award of medals of
honor and certificates of merit for the
officers and enlisted men who partici
pated in the campaigns of Santiago, the
Philippines and Porto Rico. Following is
the detail of the board: Brigadier Gen
eral Theodore Schwan, U. 8. V. (colonel
assistant adjutant general, U. S. A.),
Brigadier General H. V. Uoynton, U. S.
V., Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Carter, as
sistant adjutant general, IT. S. A.
The adjutant general will furnish the
board with all the information necessary
for Its action. The awards will be made
principally upon the recommendation of
superior officers-: It is necessary, how
■ vex to have the board take the numer
ous recommendations which have been
made and classify them in such a man
ner as will enable the President to
award the medals according to the merits
of the different officers and men.
ASKS PERMISSION
TO RAISE THE MAINE
A San Francisco Company Applies to
the Navy Depai-cment for Au
thority to Proceed.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2S.— The Acme
Wrecking Company of San Francisco has
made a request upon the Navy Depart
ment for authority to raise the battle
ship Maine. The company has had ex
nee in raising vessels on the Pacific
Coast, and representations have been
made to the department as to its ability
to accomplish the task in Havana har
bor. The company simply asks authority
to raise th.- Maine and bring her to this
country. If the Government wants the
ship after she reaches the United Stated
the company will want to be paid sal
vage money through condemnation pro
ceedings. I; is probable, In case the Gov
ernment does not wani the ship, that the
con pany will exhibit her in different
large seacoast cities of the United States.
T. P. H. Whitelaw of the hie; San Fran
cisco wrecking firm s.-iid lasi night that
he had never heard o( the Acme Wreck
ing Company, though it might be the
name of some aggregation recently
formed for the special purpose of raising
the Maine.
NEW YORK CAPITAL IS
BEHIND THE PROJECT
W. R. Grace & Son and Charles E.
Flint Are Seeking a Nicaragua
Canal Concession.
CHICAGO, Oct 28.— Lyman E. Cooley
is authority for the statement that the
capitalists behind Edward F. Cragin and
Frank S. Washburn in their effort t" se
cure an option on a concession from the
Nicaraguan Government to construct an
interoci nal are not from Chi
but from New York. According to the
Information Mr. Cooley has on the
subject, \V. K. Grace & Son'and Charles
!■;. Flint of New fork are behind the
b :heme with Mr. Cragin. Mr. Cooley says
that if the United States Government
- action this winter the option will
have no effect, but in cape Congress falls
to act Grace- and his associates will come
in as residuary legatees next Octob«. r if
satisfactory arrangements can be made
with the old company.
MANY COMPLICATIONS
LIKELY IN KANSAS
Soldiers' Votes Will Decide Many
Contests and Greatly Delay
the Result.
TOPEKA, Oct. S.— The members of the
First Battalion of the Twentieth Kansas
Regiment, which lias sailed from San
Francisco for Manila, carry ballots with
them, and will vote on Kansas officers
about midway between Honolulu and Ma
nila.
These 600 men live in Western Kansas,
where members of the L- have
been elected by less th.-m 25 majority.
is. ah State committees admit that fully
twenty-five members of the House in
sparsely s.-t t U"I western counties can be
■i "or defeated by this midocean vote.
What worries them is the possibility of
a delay in receiving the returns here until
February 1, one month after the Legisla
ture meets.
"With a very close vote on State officers,
as Is now predicted, still greater compli
cations confront them.
AMERICAN INTERESTS
ARE SAFE IN CHINA
Admiral Dewey Heports That Every
thing Is Quiet Now at
Peking.
•\VASHIX';T( i.\*. Oct. 2?.— Admiral ;
Dewey hns cabled the Navy Department
that everything is quiet at Peking, that
no further trouoies are anticipated, and ;
that American interests in China are not!
In danger. The Petrel is at Taku. the :
seaport of Tientsin. As the navigation
of the. Peiho River, upon which Tientsin
is situated, closes in November, no at
tempt will be made to send tin vessel up,
that stream. The Boston has sailed trom
Taku fur Chefu. The auxniary cruiser
Nero whose coal recently caught are
when she went into Chinese waters, is
of no use on the Asiatic station and will
be sent to San Francisco.
PHILIPPINE CUSTOMS.
Generals Otis and Bios Reach a
Formal Agreement.
MANILA. P. 1., Oct. 28.— Colonel Mo
rales, representing General Rios, the
Spanish commander, concluded a commer- i
cial agreement with General Otis yester- I
day. The Manila customs authorities are
authorized to clear Spanish or American
ships for Iloilo, Cebu or Zambomanga,
For Caipez, Tacloban. Catbalogan. Mta
mis and Suriago they will require Spanish
captains and a guarantee of legitimate
commerce. For Dumagueta, Camaguein
and Cycan they will require the sanction
of General Rios. Calling at Visayan ports
is forbidden. Genera! Rios reserves the
right of search in all cases, and he can ;
prohibit crews from landing.
•••
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— The President
has made the following appointments:
Stephen P. Parcr.pt of Maryland to be
interpreter to the United States Consulate
at Hankow, china. Surgeon Nelson
M Felbo, U. S. N.. to be mcdi
leal inspector, with relative rank of
commander. Passed Assistant Engi
neer Frederick C. Bieg, U. S. N., to be
chief engineer, with relative rank of lieu
tenant. Assistant Paymaster John P.
Merriam. U. B. N.. to be past assistant
paymaster, with relative rank of lieu
tenant, junior grade.
Deaths at San Juan.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2S.— The following
dispatch from Major General Brooke has
been received at the War Department:
"SAN JUAN, Oct. 28.— Died October 27,
Private Peter Nolan, Company L, Third
Wisconsin, typhoid; Private Homer M.
Bailey. Company B, First Kentucky,
tvphuid; Private Talmadge. reported on
the 20th. belongs to Company G, not H,
Nineteenth Infantry."
Colonel Bryan Improving.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Oct. 28.— Colonel W.
J. Bryan, who has been ill at his hotel
since "his arrival here, is much improved,
and received a number of callers to-day.
The corps surgeon says he had a slight
form of typhoid fever. Colonel Bryan
says he is not ill enough to require hia
wife to make the journey here from
Nebraska.
Young Blame Must Go.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2S.— Captain James
G. Blame's personal appeal to the Presi
dent for the latter to overlook his esca
pades at San Francisco and Honolulu and
to retain him in the army did not work.
Blame was to-day ordered mustered out
because "his services are no longer re
quired."
Major Bement Seriously 111.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— A cable from
Manila announces the serious illness of
Major Robert B. C. Bement of the Volun
teer Engineers. He was appointed from
Bt. Paul. He Is down with a bad case of
typhoid fever.
Death of an Army Veteran.
LONDON. Oct. 28.— Major A. W. Bil
lings of Brooklyn died in London yester
day. Major Billings went West as a boy,
and at the outbreak of the war enlisted
as a private in the army from lowa, ris
ing to the rank of major and acting: pro
vost marshal of the Western Division.
Failed for a Large Amount.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— The failure is an
nounced of IT. S. Nichols, the well-known
publisher of rare and curious works. Ills
liabilities are estimated at 1820.000:
I'o Cure a Coxd in One Day
Take I>axatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets All
drugß'.*t« refund the money If It fa!l» to cure
Joe. The ceuuine. hu L. B. Q. oa each tablet.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; OCTOBER 29, 1898.
RESTRAINT OF
TRADE ILLEGAL
Trans-Missouri Decision
Clinched.
| RULING OF SUPREME COURT
JOINT TRAFFIC CASE DEFINITE
LY SETTLES ALL POOLING.
Opinion of Solicitor General Richards
on the Result of the Decision
Just Handed
Down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— Solicitor
j General John K. Richards, who had
j charge of the Government's side of the
I Joint Traffic Association case before the
: Supreme Court of the United States,
and whose brilliant argument, occupy
ing two days, has been the subject of
much favorable comment by members
of the Supreme Court bench and bar,
', was questioned to-day, after he had an
i opportunity to read its full text, as to
the effect of last Monday's decision on
the railroad interests of the country.
Mr. Richards said: "The Sherman
anti- trust act declares illegal 'every
contract, combination in the form of
trust or otherwise, or conspiracy in re
straint of trade or commerce among
; the several States.' The joint traffic
; case clinches the decision in the trans-
Missouri case, holding that the law ap
plies to railroads and prohibits all
agreements in restraint of interstate
trade and commerce, whether the re
straint be reasonable; in addition, it
j holds explicitly that the law is consti
tutional when thus applied, even to
reasonable agreements in restraint of
trade.
"The constitutionality of the act was
not raised in the trans-Missouri case,
but in the joint traffic case. Mr.
Pheips directed his entire argument to
this point, urging that Congress could
; not declare illegal and prohibit reason
i able contracts. The freedom of con
tract guaranteed by the constitution
forbade it, he insisted. The answer of
the court to this was that railroads en
joy public franchises, they perform
public services and when engaged in
interstate commerce are subject to the
regulations of Congress.
"What the ultimate result of the de
cision will be it is impossible to say.
Cases which establish important prln
< [pies usually affect, not simply courts,
but Legislatures, in a way one cannot
foresee. It is gratifying to believe that
the sentiment of the people against in
jurious monopolies can find legitimate
expression through laws passed by their
representatives as enforced by the
court. I know it has been and is in
sisted that competition destroys rates,
and railroads, too, but nevertheless
there is a settled sentiment among the
people against railroad monopolies and
in favor of unrestrained competition.
.Most of the States, some in their con
stitutions and some in their laws, have
prohibited the consolidation of compet
ing lines. Congress' interstate ant pro
hibited pooling, which is simply one
mode of preventing combinations to
keep up rates.
"There are men of thought who insist
that regulation should supplant compe
tition, but the people do not think so
yet. In fact, competition is the recog
nized underlying basis of social and in
dustrial and political life in this coun
try. Competition goes along with free
dom, with independent action. The
country was founded* on the principles
of liberty and equality. Its founders
sought to secure to every citizen an
equal chance under the law — a fair
showing in the race. of life.
"Under this decision, It is left to
open competition to secure reasonable
ness in rates. It is true the common law
requires that rates shall be reasonable.
So does the interstate commerce law.
But this is a mere declaration, and
there is no adequate remedy to enforce
the barren right. Congress has not
given the Interstate Commerce Com
mission power over rates. It has relied
upon competition to keep them fair.
Whether Congress will see fit to take
the railroads out of the operation of the
natural law of trade, and for independ
ent competition substitute govern
mental regulation, remains to be seen."
ALL HER PROPERTY
LEFT TO HER MOTHER
Olographic Will of Miss Winnie
Davis Filed for Probate in
New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 2S.— The will of
Miss Winnie Davis has been filed in the
Civil District Court. The document is in
olographic form, and is very brief. It
reads as follows:
"I, Varina Annie Davis, being of sound
mind, on this the 11th of February, 1898,
and about to sail for Egypt, write this,
my last will and testament. I give and
bequeath to my beloved mother. Varina
Howell Jefferson Davis, everything I
have, both real and personal property
and any returns that may come from my
literary work, stocks, bonds or moneys of
which I die possesed. I Beg her to give
a remembrance out of my Jewelry to my
dear cousin, Anna Smith, and to my
dear, dear old nurse, Mary Ahearn. My
dear mother is to judge what she would
like to give to my sister, Margaret Hayes,
and her children, to remember me by. I
know she will know what I wish done. I
sign this, in the Gerard Hotel, 123 West
Forty-fourth street, New York, N. V.,
February l^lgg^ mE DAVI& ,. '
TUNNELED THEIR
WAY TO FREEDOM
Six Desperate Prisoners Make Their
Escape From a Colorado
Jail.
DENVER, Oct. 28.— A' special to the
News from Boulder, Colo., says: About
6:30 o'clock this afternoon it was discov
ered that five inmates of the County Jail
had made their escape by tunneling un
der the wall. They are John J. Cassidy,
who was to-day sentenced to life im
prisonment for the murder of William
Howe at Sugar Loaf; George and Edward
Rowe, sentenced to four and a half and
six years respectlve.y, for cattle steal
ing; Nick Boucher, awaiting trial for as
sault to murder, and John liaptiste, serv
ing a three months' sentence for larceny.
With case knives and pieces of wood
they had dug down six feet and tunneled
eight feet to the outside of the wall, hid
ing the dirt taken out under one of the
cages. They had been at work several
days. No trace of the escapes has been
found.
SLAIN BY HER UNCLE.
A Kansas Girl Shot Because She Re-
fused to Wed Her Relative.
LENORA, Kans., Oct.- 2S.— William El
liott followed Miss Fannie Lashell and
her sister home from a dance last night,
and, shooting over the head of the sister,
who tried to save her. kfHed the first
named on the street. He then fired three
shots into his own body, and may die.
Elliott came here from Chicago three
weeks ago. Notwithstanding he Is tne
girl's uncle, he had persisted in paying ncr
attentions. The shooting was the result
of her refusal to marry him.
OREGON INDIANS
COME INTO CAMP
Columbia Joe Promises
To Be Good.
.
WHITES FEAR MORE TROUBLE
FURTHER DETAILS OF THE CUM
MINGS CREEK BATTLE.
Redskins Take to the Mountains Af
ter Five of Their Number
Are Riddled With
Bullets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKER CITY, Or., Oct. 28.— A tele
phone message from Canyon City
states that Columbia Joe and nine war
riors came into Prairie City to-day and
informed the citizens that there would
be no further bloodshed. Great ex
citement prevails and the settlers fear
further trouble, as the number of bad
Indians is increasing and they are well
armed.
Settlers to-day telephoned to Baker
City for a large number of rifles and
ammunition. They say they are able
to take care of themselves and will
easily subdue the Indians upon the ar
rival of the firearms. Cutting was
buried at Canyon City this afternoon.
Dr. Ashford of Canyon City respond
ed to a summons from Cummlngs
Creek, the scene of yesterday's battle
between whites and Indians, in which
George Cutting was killed. Three of
the wounded will die, making a total of
seven killed since the trouble began.
Late advices show that a party of
Indians, supposed to be Columbias,
camped on the right fork of the John
Day River, near Izee, lost two of their
horses. They accused a rancher of
stealing them and demanded that he
give them up. On his denial of any
knowledge of the horses, the Indians
proceeded to enter his barn to see if
the horses were there. The rancher
opened fire on the Indians, but ;
to hit them. They at once left and re
turned to their camp. Last Tuesday
John Hide, while riding on the range,
was shot at by the Indians. Wednes
day a posse of citizens numbering
about twenty started out to find the
Indians and came on them about five
miles from Izee, which is about fifty
five miles from Canyon City. A fight
took place, in which one Indian and a
white man named George Cutting were
killed. The fight became too warm for
the Indians and they struck into the
mountains. Part of the posse fol
lowed them and yesterday had a fight
with them, in which five Indians were
killed.
DANGER OF INDIAN
OUTBREAK IS PAST
Nye County Settlers Do Not Fear an
Uprising of the
Shoshunes.
CARSON CITY, Oct. 28.— The silence re
g-arding the trouble between the Sho
shones and the white settlers of Nye
County was broken by the receipt of a
special to the Carson AVeekly stating that
the men who went from Austin to aid the
Nye County ranchers had returned, and
had no further apprehension of trouble.
The barricade around McLeod's house
has been taken away, but fifty mounted
extra police patrol the neighborhood. The
deputy Sheriff "f Midas and the people
on the Upper Reese River still fear the
Indians may do mischief, but it is be
lieved the armed police will be able to
quell any disturbance.
T-.e Piutes in this vicinity have been In
formed of the threatened outbreak, the
news of which was brought here by Deer
foot Jim, a Shoshone scout, who claims
to have covered the distance on foot,
about l! 10 miles, in ninety hours. When
interviewed Deerfoot told the cause of
the trouble, through an Interpreter, as
follows:
"Ballard. a drunken Indian, and a white
man named McLeod, took a load of hay
to Midas from Reese River. On the way
home a bottle of whisky which Ballard
carried in his pocket broke, und in the
quarrel which ensued <>n the seat the
Indian cut McLeod about the head and
face with a knife. Later, when both en
deavored to settle the difficulty, upon
alighting from the wagon, MoLeod kicked
the Indian about the face and head. The
Indian was taken to Midas and placed in
Jail in a dying condition. His people are
greatly inflamed against McLeod, and
Ballard's brothers threaten to kill him on
sight."
Deerfoot added that if Ballard should
die McLeod would not be the only white
who would suffer for It.
EMPEROR WILLIAM
STARTS FOR JERUSALEM
JAFFA, Palestine, Oct. 28.— The Em
peror and Empress of Germany were
warmly welcomed on their arrival here
yesterday after a hot and tiring eight
hour drive from Haifa, by the German
residents. Their majesties proceeded to
day on horseback to the camp at Babol
wad and expect to reach Jerusalem on
Saturday.
HAIFA, Palestine, Oct. 28.— Replying
yesterday to the address of welcome in
behalf of the German Catholics of Pales
tine, Emperor William said he was
pleased to seize the opportunity of de
claring "once and for all, that my
Catholic subjects may always be sure of
my Imperial protection, when and where
It may be required. "
OF INTEBEST TO THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed and Addi
tional Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2S.— Lyman T.
Mowry, an attorney of San Francisco, ar
rived in Washington to-day, accompan
ied by Eng Hok Fong. They are here
on legal business.
Postmasters appointed — California:
Lloyd W. Ostrom, West Palmdale. Los
Angeles County, vice Charles S. Beath,
resigned.
Oregon— B. Y. Root, Dewey, Yamhill
County, vice P. W. Watkins, resigned;
Daniel Bornek, Plush, Lake County, vice
Ida Patterson, resigned; Stewart Simpson,
Susanville. Grant County, vice Rasmus
Nelson, resigned.
Washington— P. M. Cole, Allyn, Mason
County, vice Hannah Campen, re
signed; C. F. Striekmeier, Stella, Cowlitz
County, vice Augustus Herring, removed;
R. J. Whitney. Victor, Mason County,
vice Frank Ludington. dead.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: Pardon A. Davis,
Homestead, $6; Samuel J. Shaw, Pasa
dena, $8; Joseph Devlney, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. $8. Reissue— David Nichols.
Garden Grove, $12. Original, widow, etc.—
Alice E. Winans. San Jose, $12; Susan A.
Cain, Red Bluff, $12; Mary A. Seward,
Santa Rosa, $8. Mexican war widows-
Maria S. Solomon, Santa Rosa, $*.
Oregon— Original: William H. Beideler,
Gold Hill, $S; Charles W. Barber, Cornu
copia, $6.
The postofnee at Cottage Grove., Sißki
you County, Cal., has been discontinued.
Brick Warehouse Burned.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 28.— The Kern
County Land Company's big: brick ware
house at Famoso station was destroyed by
flre last night. Tha flames wen; discov
ered about 10 o'clock near the office. Tiie
loss Is estimated at $15,000.
CUBANS LOTH TO
RETURN TO WORK
Still Striving to Main
tain Their Army.
GEN. WOOD AT MANZANILLO
FRICTION INCREASES BETWEEN
GOMEZ AND GARCIA.
Lieutenant Young of the Navy En
thusiastically Received on His
Return to the Scene of
His Big Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANZANILLO, Oct. 28.— The United
States gunboat Hist arrived here to
night with General Leonard Wood,
commander of the military department
of Santiago, accompanied by Lieuten
ent Matthew Ham. On landing. Gen
eral Wood was closeted with Colonel
Pettit and his adjutant and he was
subsequently received by Colonel Pet
tit's entire regiment. General Wood
then visited the barracks, hospitals,
palaces, custom house and postoffice.
Colonel Fettit reports that the Cuban
general, Rios, is apparently making
every effort to prevent the disbanding
of his troops. The Cuban commander
wishes all the sugar estates in the
neighborhood to tell him how many men
they can employ and he will guarantee
to supply all that are required. The
planters unanimously refuse to fall In
with such an arrangement, considering
that it would be a trades union of the
worst possible kind and would tend to
keep up the Cuban military organiza
tion, which in the interests of the isl
ands, the planters are very anxious to
break up. In their opinion it would be
better to have no commerce than to at
tempt it on such conditions.
There is no sickness in Colonel Pet
tit's regiment and yellow fever has
been unknown here for several years.
Lieutenant Lucien Young, the com
mander of the Hist, created more ex
citement on landing than even General
Wood himself. Crowds gathered at the
wharf to see the young commander
who, with Lieutenants Holm and Jun
gen, of the Hornet and Wampatuck, de
feated a whole flotilla of Spanish gun
boats at Manzanillo on July 1, last. The
people of Manzanillo considered Lieu
tenant Young a hero and a terror and
think he ought to be an admiral.
Although the Spanish battery in that
memorable engagement continued to
bombard the American gunboats, it is
generally admitted here that it was the
shooting of the Hist that caused people
to flee to the mountains.
Lieutenant Victor Blue, who has been
Inspecting the wrecks of the Spanish
gunboats, considers it quite impractica
ble to raise them, but he believes that
the Spanish steamer Purissima Concep
clon, which the Spaniards ran ashore In
the hope of saving her cargo when pur
sued by an American warship, can be
raised, as she appears to be in good
condition. A local merchant, however,
claims to have purchased the hull and
its contents from the Spanish authori
ties.
The Cuban general, Jesus Rabi, paid
a visit to Manzanillo yesterday and
was enthusiastically received by the
Cuban element.
According to reports of the Cuban
Assembly at Santa Cruz del Sur, Gen
eral Garcia has been chosen permanent
chairman of the organization. General
Gomez is expected there to-morrow or
next day, and it appears that the Ces
pedes faction believes it can count upon
the help of General Gomez to break the
authority of Garcia. The Cespedes fac
tion expects Gomez to appoint a court
martial to try Garcia for offenses cov
ering practically everything from mur
der to petty larceny. The probability
Is that Gomez, recognizing Garcia's
ascendency in the Assembly, will not
force the Issue.
"The Dead Body," by H. G. Wells,
author of "The War of the Worlds/
in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Do you realize that you are not the man you should be at your age?
Do you find your strength, failing you, exposing the great drain that
has been sapping the very life and ambition out of you? Does this
knowledge mar your life? Then it is time for you to look seriously to
your health. You need such a remedy as Dr. Sanden's • Electric Belt,
from which you can absorb new strength and vitality. It is a grand
remedy for any one who is weak in vitality, from whatever cause.
A Grand Remedy for Weak Men.
■ DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and I am proud to
Bay that It has helped me wonderfully. My back doesn't bother me, and the varicose
veins are hardly noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. I am much improved,
and am glad to say the rupture is one-third the slip It was before using the Belt. The
Belt has done all you have claimed for It. I remain, yours truly,
J. W. RICHARDS, Virginia City. • Ner.
Toning and Invigorating ln its action. It has made hundreds of vig-
orous men out of as many weak, despondent fellows. It will cure you
If you will try it. '.' /^mv
"Three Classes of Men "
Is a* very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point
out a means by which you can become strong. It , is sent sealed, free
to any address, or can be had on application at the office. ' ,' '
Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the hap-
piness not only of yourself, but of your family and friends, or your fu-
ture. You should not delay. V Call or address,
DR. A. T. SAISDEN '.*"" - - ■••• •■■• ■ - — ~~- — - ■' • *
IC2Mark»tBt»«t, Corn«r EMurnj, San 7ruuiM. NOT IN DRU3 STORES.
Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 ' _ _ ."I _, \' , _ ",»
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 2JJ West . »'•'- 88 * l i", Electric Belt
Second street; Portland, Or., ISS Washington «8« 8 n « ver ' sol( ln <Jru ■ tor
Street: Denver, Colo., 1 Ml Sixteenth street: "' , nor by traveling agent*; only
Dallas. Tex.. JB5 Main street; Butte, Mont., *t our of flea. ; 4 ( . ,
110 North Main street. - '." -\'; .- » *
FREEMEN BOW AT
LIBERTY'S SHRINE
Rededication of Old In
dependence Hall.
WITH SONG AND ORATORY
CLOSING EXERCISES OF PHILA
DELPHIA'S PEACE JUBILEE.
Third of the Great Street Pageants
Given Over to the Trades, Which
Make a Grand Civic
Display.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 28.—Philadel
phians and their visitors again poured
into the streets to-day to seek positions
to witness the third and last of the
great Peace Jubilee processions. To
day's procession was purely of a civic
character, and was a most fitting wind
up of the week's jubilee, the emblems of
peaceful industry following the display
of the nation's prowess in war.
The exercises of the day opened with
the rededication of old Independence
Hall, the historic building from which
the Declaration of Independence was
read to the oeople of the new Republic
on July 4, 1776. The buildings which had
from time to time since that date been
added for use as offices of the munici
pal authorities have all been recently
removed, and the famous hall is now In
its original form, as it was 120 years
ago, when occupied by the United
States Congress and the national Gov
ernment officials.
The redeication exerciseß were pre
sided over by Governor Hastings and
were opened with prayer by Rev. Dr.
Brownson. The anthem, "My Country,
"Tis of Thee," was sung by 3000 pupils of
the public schools, accompanied by the
First Regiment Band. The memorial
poem, composed by Mrs. Florence Earle
Coates, dedicated to the Peace Jubilee,
was read by Daniel W. Hutchins, prin
cipal of one of the public schools.
The anthem "Columbia" was sung by
the pupils and then followed the ora
tion by Mayor Charles Warwick.
Upon the conclusion of the ceremonies
the great audience hurried to positiops
from which to see the monster procps
sion. A stand covered the sidewalk in
front of «the historic hall, erected for
occupancy during the parade by the
3000 school children who had partici
pated in the dedication exercises.
The mammoth trade displays, or
what was known as the civic parade,
started from Broad and Cumberland
streets promptly at 11 o'clock headed by
Major General R. S. Snowden and his
staff of thirty mounted aids.
The parade was one of the greatest in
the history of the country. It was di
vided into ten divisions, and it is esti
mated that there were 50.000 men in
line besides at least 150 floats represent
ing almost every manufacture and
manufacturing interest. There were 110
bands of music in line.
The weather was most delightful.
WILL BE RUN "WIDE OPEN."
Attractions for the Closing Days of
the Omaha Exposition.
OMAHA, Oct. 28.— At midnight Monday,
October 31. the gates of the Trans-Missouri
Exposition will close for good, and plans
have been made to make the last two
days the greatest of the entire five
months. Sunday all rules will be thrown
to the winds and everything- will be run
"wide open." Visitors will be admitted
to all the buildings and every attraction
on the Midway will be at its best. Excur
sions will be run from all directions and
the low rates, including one-half cent a
miles for a radius of 503 miles, are expected
to bring the largest crowd to the exposi
tion In one day, not excepting President's
day, when nearly 100,000 people were In
attendance.
Large Cargo of Salmon.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 28. — The British
ship IDalla, 1145 tons. Captain A. M. Da
vis, has cleared at the New Westminster
Custom-house for Liverpool with a cargo
of 54.826 cases of salmon, valued at $274.
130. This is the third of this year's Frazer
River salmon fleet to clear.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GAGE and NEFF
TO-NIGHT! TONIGHT!
UNIVERSITY NIGHT
FOR
GAGE and NEFF
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF
the' republican clubs
OF THE
university OF CALIFORNIA
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
AT
Woodward's Pavilion
HON. W. R. DAVIS
WILL PRESIDE.
SPEECH BY ~ +
GEN. W. H. L. BARNES.
ADDRESSES BY
UNIVERSITY MEN.
RECEPTION TO
HON. HENRY T. GAGE.
PRIZE SONGS. .
MUSIC BY THE STANFORD BAND OF 30
PIECES. <
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY,
DR. WASHINGTON DODGE
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THBJ
. ISSUES OF THE DAY ON
MONDAY, OCTOBER 31,
AT
Thirty-second— Potrero Opera House. Ten-
nessee street, between Seventeenth and Eigh-
| Thirty-second— Grand Central Hotel, 530 Third
8 r * e TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 1.
Fortieth— Richmond Hall. Fourth avenue and
Clement street.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M. JASPER MCDONALD. Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE. : .
FOR. ■ •
PUBLIC...
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FEEESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE.
(PRESENT INCUMBENT),
r-ETTTTOiICAN, NON-PARTISAN AIO POP-
ULJST NOMINEE.
WTO"
COUNTY CLEffH,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE*
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
sipertor conn.! EHODES BOiUJIjN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTI AN AND PEO-
, . . PLE'S PARTT NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
• PARTT NOMINEE.
FOR AUDITOR. . .
JOHN H.ORADV
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC A:.D PEOPLE'S
PARTT NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER
AND THI; DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
■^gS&h. I>O NOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf-
jflH& fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
Jg»W> p *<^jjia. life can be restored to you. The very
Bf .Ml w ••"« c»»eiof Vfrvoui Debility are
Wfl absolntelv cured by rERKKn'O
*.»»■ XtWl -' " A " *-£!*♦• t»ive Prompt relief to in-
W|k "^^BB|soiiinia, failing memory and the waste
<3gV^rtCay and drain of T ' Ul powers, incurred by
'iJvK&W' Indiscretions or excesses of early year*.
'■^■' impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give >m. bloom to tt»
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of^JrTN young or old.
One 50c box renew* vital energy. !• If Je boxes at
50 » complete guaranteed cure wjfliFor nionev re-
funded. Can be carried In vest pocket. 'Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE PEHFKCTO (To., Caito. £«*., Ckleue, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. Ban Fran, tod Oakland.
If hTI iKB M I |i|| I j.*^
Weak Men and Women
Should use DAMIANA bitters." THH
.'•*- great Mexican ; remedy; gives health and
strength, to sexual organ*. Depot, Hi Market.OLD SONOMA
ABLAZE WITH
ENTHUSIASM
Two Remarkable De
monstrations.
POPULACE WELCOMES GAGE
PETAL UMA AND SANTA ROSA
GIVE OVATIONS.
Greatest Political Gatherings in the
County's History Addressed by
the Standard-Bearer and
Mr. Knight.
social Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28. — Sonoma
County is ablaze wj£h enthusiasm for
Gage and Neff. The record o-f political
demonstrations in this valley has been
broken by the magnitude of the popu
lar uprisings to-day and to-night.
Everywhere Henry T. Gage is recog
nized a* i he champion of the people,
the defender of their homes. In his
leadership in the cause of the people
against the allied single-taxers, an
archists and treasury raiders he com
mands the admiration of the masses.
The farmers, the business men, the me
chanics and all others of the industrial
Sonoma County are weary of
the isms and schemes of the piace
hunters and job-chasers who have ral
lied under the banner of "Little Giant"
JUaguire.
At 7 o'clock this morning Mr. Gage
and the brilliant exponent of Republi
• can principles, George A. Knight,
boarded the train at .Xapa for Santa
Rosa. The short trip through the pic
turesque and fertile country brought
the speakers to Santa Rosa, where they
were received and cordially welcomed
by L. V. Hitchcock, chairman of the
Republican County Central Committee
Congressman J. A. Barham, W. F.
Price, A. B. Lemraori, J. F. Smith, P.
Bane and W. J. Kardley.
Carriages conveyed the party to the
1-tepubiican headquarters, where the
County Committee was in session. Mr.
Gage and Mr. Knight were greeted with
entnusi&stie cheers by the committee
men. The next Governor, passing the
hall where the ladies of tit. Rose's
Church were conducting a fair, went in
•aim met many ct the promoters of the
lair. From this point the standard
bearer and his speaking companion
went to the Occidental Ho-tel, where
lunyheon was served and a little rest
uiifeii before starting for Petaiuma,
he standard- bearer and Mr. Knight,
under the escort of JLyman Green,
prescient of the Petaiuma AlcKinley
Club, boarded the south-bound train
ana arrived at Petaiuma at 4:15 p. m.
When they reached their destination a
vast throng at the depot cheered for
Gage, Men: and Knight. An artillery
salute \\ as Jired to herald the event.
'I'he Petal uxna band discoursed patri
vtio music; a procession was formed
and ' the distinguished campaigners
wove escorted tv the opera house.
Ihe house Vi us. soon crowded to its
utmost capacity. When the next Gov
ernor, accompanied by Lyman Green,
li. P. Brainard, F. A. Wickersham,
Thomas Denny and J. F. Fairbanks,
ascended the steps to the stage the
people gave vent to their feelings with
rousing cheers. .Little time was lost in
preliminaries. Chairman Thomas Denny
presented Mi. Gage as the next Gov
ernor of California and again the build
ing trembled with the applause for the
champion of the people. The high char
acter of the assemblage at once com
manded the attention of the speaker. ,
In the intelligent countenances of the i
men and women assembled cc-uld be i
read the feeling of profound interest
which the campaign against the dan
gerous single tux has aroused.
Mr. Gage spoke of the arduous duties
of the campaign. The promptings of j
his heart reminded him that the magni
ficent ovation accorded to him by the i
people of Petaiuma deserved a better
respu-nse than he could utter. Refer
ring to his travels through the State
and the succession of boundless ova- j
tions in honor of the party of which
he was an humble representative he
predicted that the Republican party on j
the Bth of November would gain the ;
grandest victory ever recorded in Cali
fornia. The standard-bearer proceeded ;
to pierce the fallacies of the fusion j
platform and presented to the assem- ■
bled farmers and merchants the spec- j
tacle of the odious single tax. Intense ;
interest was manifested by the people j
and cheering applause signified to the |
standard-bearer that his points were •
clearly understood and appreciated.
Mr. Gage did not talk at great length,
but he took the opportunity to present
Maguire's un-American record in its j
true light. In conclusion he promised |
to give the people of California a clean ;
and honest administration.
George A. Knight's introduction was
the signal for another storm of ap- ',
plause. The brilliant exponent of Re- j
publican principles spoke with his usual j
fervor and eloquence, and the audience j
was edified and inspired. He did not \
use unmeaning phrases in referring to
the "Little 'Want's" public career, and |
particularly his career in Congress. The
"Giant's" refusals to vote .supplies and
sustenance for the gallant California
soldiers who received the cheers and
tears of loyal citizens on their depar- \
ture for Manila to uphold the flag and
maintain the sacrt-d honor of their be- !
loved country was touched upon. Ma- ;
quire's unpatriotic attitude in haggling ;
over details when the men carrying the i
flag needed immediate support was de- j
picted, and not a few rru-n left the hall i
ashamed that they ever had thought uf i
supporting Magulre fur Governor of |
California.
The Petaluma meeting, one of the
largest and most enthusiastic ever h»-ld
in the place, dissolved with repeated
cheers for Gage and Neff.
Returning from Petaluma. the stand
ard bearer and George A. Knight ar
rived at the Santa Rosa depot at 7 30
o'clock. There they were met by a
groat concourse of people. Music, rock
ets, redfire and artillery salutes added
to the effect of the reception.
Santa Rosa was crowded to-night
with cheering Republicans of the re
nowned valley. A special train from
Tkiah with the I'kiah band reinforced !
the multitude. Guerneville Republicans !
came on a special train bringing with
them their band of music. Healdsburg ''<
Republicans, 300 strong, swelled the i
throng. Confident and cheering Re- j
publicans came from Cloverdale, Gey
serville. Windsor and many other !
towns of the valley. Never in the his
tory of this city have the scenes of en- ;
thusinsm witnessed to-night been sur- j
passed. Thousands of spectators view- j
ed the marching columns of Republi
cans and cheered the clubs, and ap
plauded the campaign sentiments in- |
Btyibed on the transparencies.
The spacious Athenaeum, capable of
accommodating with seats and stand- i
Ing room nearly 3000 people, was dense- |
Jy packed before 8 o'clock. The au
dience was of a character to inspire
orators to their hiehest efforts. The
interior of the beautiful Athenaeum
was decorated in superb taste. For
this artistic display of plants, flags,
evergreens and streamers in effective
and harmonious style credit is. largely
due to Mrs. Bonner and her assistants.
An illuminated flag displaying th«.
name of the Republican standard
bearer was a feature of the stage effect.
The electric lightfc were turned on when
Mr. Gage was introduced to the au
dience.
The enthusiasm of the vast audience
was boundless. It culminated in a mag
n i t nt P atrlotl c demonstration when
the band played "The Star-spangled
-Banner," and every person in the as
sembly arose and hundreds joined in
singing. A choir accompaniedfiy Mrs.
lierry sang "The Red, White and Blue."
A sextet composed of \V. Edward
Woodard, R. N. Thompson, Olney G.
Pedigo, Leroy Smith, F. P. Brophy and
v llliam G. Keenan contributed to the
pleasure of the audience.
Many eminent and active men rep
resenting the various precincts of So
noma County were chosen as vice pres
idents and occupied places on the plat
form.
The meeting was called to order by L.
V. Hitchcock, chairman of the Republi
can County Central Committee. He
presented as chairman the gallant vet
eran and esteemed citizen, Judge R. F.
Crawford. The chairman, in assuming
the responsibilities and honor of the po
sition, made a brief speech, in which he
referred to the reflection of Maguire
that Gage had no record. It was sug
gested that Maguire had too much rec
ord. Ha said a record was sometimes
the most uncomfortable thing for a
man to have. A man could no more
escape from it than an elephant could
from his trunk.
, • When Henry T. Gage, the champion
: of the people, was presented the scene
of prolonged enthusiasm was one of the
i most remarkable and Inspiring that has
1 ever occurred in civil life. The audience
i arose and cheered, and continued the
I cheering and waving of flags for an
■ unusual length of time. Mr. Gage was
j not only received as the gifted standard
bearer o fine Republican party, but was
accorded a tribute as the defender of
the homes of the people. The enthusi
j asm to-night marked the appreciation
! of Sonoma County farmers for the gal
: lant and manly fight which Mr. Gage
is making against the home-destroying
scheme of the single tax.
The speech of the standard bearer to
: nieht was one of the ablest delivered
during the campaign. He spoke for one
hour. His highest efforts are called out
when interruptions occur. To-night he
mentioned that Mr. Maguire had drawn
■ $65,000 from the public treasury. A Ma
guireite in the audience asked: "Why
not?" Mr. Gage replying said: "Why
! not? Well, because Mr. Maguire claims
to be opposed to monopoly."
The reply elicited a storm of cheers
; and roars of laughter from the audi
ence. After the standard bearer had
referred^to his record in resisting the
Interference of the railroad in politics,
and presented the Congressional Record
to show the weakness of Maguire's po
sition, he proceeded to discuss the
single tax. When he said It was his
I purpose to devote some time to the
single tax the audience gave rounds of
; applause, signifying the intense public
interest in the question. The masterly
manner in which he exposed the dan.
gers of this phase of Maguire socialism
excited the keenest attention of his?
hearers.
In closing one of the most convincing
and able addresses of this campaign,
Mr. Gage said a few words of a per
sonal nature to the audience. He an
nounced that he would be elected Gov
ernor, and that his opponents would
have no cause to "poke fun at his in
augural suit." When elected he would
serve the commonwealth to the best of
his ability. His administration would
be clean and honest and fair to every
citizen, rich and poor alike.
After a song by the Glee Club, Judgp
Crawford in a graceful speech, present
ed John A. Barham, candidate for re
election to Congress in the First Dis
trict. Mr. Barham was received with
a great demonstration of favor. He
spoke on national topics, paying a tri
bute to the patriotic devotion of the
American people, as evidenced in the
bond subscriptions to raise money t<>
conduct the war. Speaking of his own
public acts Mr. Barham said he was in
strumental in passing a law compelling
the Central and Western Pacific rail
roads to pay their debts. Mr. Barham
created a sensation by telling the lnsld- 5
history of the railroad settlement. PI"
distinctly asserted that Magulre read
the amendment — read it carefully — and
after deliberation recommended that
the word "right" be Inserted, and thert
in Congress, sitting beside the member
from the First District, agreed to every
word and phrase of the amendment
which he now condemns as infamous.
Speaking of the Maguire portraits
displayed all along the upper coast,
Mr. Barham said:
"Why, Maguirc has the words, 'cham
pion of the oppressed' under the pic
ture. The fellow thinks he is running
for Governor of Spain." (Roars of
laughter.)
It was asserted that Maguire had
sent out under the Congressional frank
thousands of copies of his speech in
Congress advocating the sinerle tax.
George A. Knight was presented to
the audience at a late hour and re
ceived a tremendous ovation. He at
tempted to speak in response but his
voice failed him. He made a gallant
and strenuous effort to say some thing
to the magnificent assemblage, but the
open air meeting at Napa last night
and the speech at Petaluma this after
noon had impaired his powers of speech
beyond immediate recuperation.
The great audience dissolved with
mighty cheers for Gage and Neff.
The demonstration to-night elopes
Mr. Gage's tour of Northern California.
He speaks in Oakland and San Fran
cisco to-morrow night. His powers of
endurance and his pluck are remarka
ble.
HON. WEBSTER DAVIS
TALKS AT BAKERSFIELD
His Telling Eloquence Makes Many-
Converts to the Cause of
Republicanism.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 28.—Notwith
standing the fact that two prominent fu
sion speakers were here to-night, Hon.
"Webster Davis literally carried the town
off its feet with his wonderful eloquence.
Armory Hall was packed with an eager
multitude. Had there been room in the
hail the fusion speakers on the street
would not have had a corporal's guard
of hearers.
No speaker ever created a more pro
found impression. Mr. Davis spoke for
an hour and a half; and his manner of
presenting the national Issues made nu
merous converts. People were hungry
for such a talk and not a word I was
missed. When McKlnley and territorial
expansion were touched upon there was
wild applause. Old Democrats and Popu
lists admitted the force of the argument.
The conduct of the war and the Presi
dent's patriotic policy were shown in a
clear light.
Mr. Davis left for Los Angelos soon
after speaking.
Republican Rally at Tracy.
TRACY, Oct. 2S.— A Republican rally
was held hero to-night. Frank I). Ryan,
Republican nomine for Congress in the
Second District, and Frank H. Short
were the speakers. Ludwlg's Hall was
crowded and much enthusiasm was
shown throughout the meeting. Frank
D. Ryan was listened to with marked
attention. He made a favorable impres
sion upon those present. Mr. Short's
speech also was well received. The meet
ing broke up with three rousing cheers
for Gage ana Neff, and Ryan.
-- ♦■
Fatal Fire at Oswego.
OSWEGO, N. V.. Oct. 28.-The Tonkin
River Boiler and Engine Works in this
city were destroyed by fire early to-day.
Loss. $105,000. Otto Snyder, the night
watchman, perished in the building.
The fao-»imile /rf s/ITJ* . si. ** *• on evei 7 wrapper
signature of - OCt^/ZV-^^A^i of C ASTORIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
SENATOR PERIS
AT SACRAMENTO
Talks to an Immense
Gathering.
TREATS OF TARIFF BENEFITS
EFFECT OF DINGLEY'S BILL ON
CALIFORNIA.
Prices of Farm Products Advanced
by Protection — Colonel Eddy
Speaks on Campaign
Issues.
Special Disi>atch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 28. — Senator
George C. Perkins and T. V. Eddy re
ceived a rousing welcome in Sacra
mento to-night. Bands played and
street fires flared up at various cross
ings to express Sacramento's enthusi
asm in behalf of the Republican ticket,
while the low-measured boom of salut
ing canno-n added to the impressive
demonstration. At the old pavilion an
immense crowd had assembled, and
when Professor E. C. Atkinson intro
duced Senator Perkins the building
trembled under the cheers from thou
sands of throats.
Senator Perkins made a happy hit by
paying a tribute to old Sacramento,
which held for him many pleasant as
sociations. He sketched the conditions
preceding and following the return of
the Republican party to power, declar
ing that confidence succeeded panic
even before any legislation had been
effected. He said the Republican party
was carrying out its promises to the
people, both in letter and in spirit.
Senator Perkins said he did no-c want
to tire his auditors about the tariff, but
they might as well ask a preacher to
stop talKing against sin as to request
a Republican not to talk patriotism,
for that, he added, was what the Re
publican idea of protection embodied.
He referred to the advance which the
Dingley tariff bill had made in the
price of wool in California and said
that the poor man had to pay no more
than 50 cents a suit extra because of
the advance. Farmers were able to
raise stock profitably, while the poor
man, on his part, was permitted to eat
fresh American meat instead of the in
ferior Mexican article.
The Senator touched upon the foster
ing protection which the Dingley bill
had thrown around the beet sugar in
dustry, saying that in the last season
the beet sugar factory at Watsonvliie
consumed 135,000 tons of sugar beets,
circulating in that community the im
mense sum of $1,000,000.
Senator Perkins said he respected the
Democratic party of Thomas Jefferson,
and he believed that if Tho-mas Jefter
son were alive to-day he would be a
Republican. But the Democracy of this
State had lost its personality by merg
ing Itself into the Silver Republican
party and the Populist party, resulting
in three platforms presenting three sep
arate sets of doctrines. He called upon
his Democratic friends who had lost
their party faith to come into the Re
publican ranks. He made a strong plea
for the elevation of a thoroughly hon
est man, in the person of Henry T.
Gage, to the office of Governor. He
said that for four years the Democrats
had been in power in the State. He
asked that some one point out the work
they had accomplished. A majority of
the Railroad Commission was Demo
cratic, yet the Democratic members
thereof had accomplished no-thing,
making promises before election, only
to renew them, like frogs in the spring
time, when another election year rolled
around.
All Republicans were called upon to
stand by President McKinley on the
monetary question, and, by rolling up a
great majority in California, send on to
the President a vote of confidence in hid
administration.
Senator Perkins was followed by Mr.
Eddy in an eloquent and argumentative
treatment of the issues of the campaign.
GAGE AND MAGUIRE"
COMPARED BY WHITE
Senator Says the Fusionist Should
Win Because He Has Had
More Experience.
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 28.— 1t was a cor
dial reception the Democrats and Repub
licans of Yuba and Sutter counties tend
ered United States Senator Stephen M.
White this evening, when he spoke at
Marysvllle Theater on political issues.
The chairman of the meeting was A. C.
Stagner of Wheatland; the vice presi
dents were: W. H. Carlin. Hon. A. C.
Bingham. Dr. G. Stratton, Hon. H. P.
Stabler, J. G. Cohn, N. Schneider, \V. P.
O'Brien, J. H. Herbert. Mayor Brooks,
Hon. D. A. Ostrom, Daniel Getting, P. J.
Williams, Joseph Heyl, Dr. G. H. Uoyd,
J. M. Berry, Thomas Hopkins, T. H.
Kernan, Dr. T. Dobbins, Sheriff Dona
hoe, E. P. McDaniel, \V. G. Murphy and
C. E. Wilcoxon.
Despite counter attractions there was a
large gathering to hear the statesman,
ladies appearing in goodly numbers. The
introduction of the speaker was the sig
nal for prolonged applause, which was
evtidently given in recognition of Mr.
White's station, rather than in approval
cf the cause he is espousing in the cam
paign, lie began with a comparison of
the two candidates for Governor, assert
ing that on account of his knowledge of
Colitlcal affairs and experience in the
alls of legislation the "Little Giant"
was the better fitted for the position. To
the railroad company would the credit be
due were Maguire defeated. The single
tax Issue was not gone into at any length,
the speaker claiming that it was not an
is.«ue in this campaign. His tribute to
the volunteer army was most eloquent
and aroused much patriotic enthusiasm.
He had words of commendation for the
local legislative nominees, and exhorta
tions for the support of Mnguire and
Hutchison concluded his speech.
Republicans Gain in Monterey.
SALINAS, Oct. 28.-The printing of the
Great Register with supplemental names
and cancellations was completed this
evening. The work was done for the first
time In this State on a linotype. The
book contains over 8700 names, of which
over 7200 are those of legal voters. Three
Chinamen appear as voters. The gain
in names is more than 300 and of these
over three-quarters are claimed by the
Republican party .
SIXTEEN PERISH.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28.-The loss of the
steamer L. R. Doty with her entire crew
of sixteen men during the gale of Tuesday
is now conceded. Wreckage brought here
has been fully identified by Captain Elli
son of the steamer George Williams of
the same line as having come from the
Doty.
To San Quentin for Life.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 28.— Ed McCamish
started for San Quentin this morning in
charge of Deputy Sheriff McClure to serve
a life sentence for the shooting of McCoy
Pyle at the Castaic switch, near Ventura.
MeCamish was in love with Pyle's wife,
and shot his victim while he was asleep in
a station-house.
JUDGE MAGUIRE'S
DAY AT AUBURN
Large Throng Hears the
Single-Taxer.
RECEPTION AND A PARADE
DEMONSTRATION INFERIOR TO
THAT FOR GAGE.
The Man of Isms Harps on the Rail
road Question and Eulogizes
Congressman de
Vries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Oct. 28.— The Democrats
and People's party men made a big
sho%ving here to-night in honor of their
standard-bearer, Judge James G. Ma
guire, and E. L. Hutchison. While the
demonstration was an immense affair it
by no means came up to the one given
the Republican nominees last week,
either in point of numbers or in mag
nificence.
Judge Maguire, E. L. Hutchison and
H. A. McCraney, the latter candidate
for Clerk of the Supreme Court, spoke
at Placerville last night and to-day
made the trip to Auburn by private
conveyance, stopping at Georgetown,
Greenwood and Co-ol en route. They
were met at Georgetown by the follow
ing Auburnites: Sam J. Pullen, chair
man of the Democratic Central Com
mittee; John Davis, secretary of the
People's Party Committee; Mayor J.
W. Morgan and A. N. Hoffman. Con
gressman de Vries and Railroad Com
missioner La Rue had preceded the gu
bernatorial party by train, and when
all arrived a reception was held at the
American Hotel.
Flags, Chinese lanterns and red lights
took the place of torches and the pa
raders formed at the town plaza. They
were marshaled by Fred E. Brye, F. S.
Roumage and Charles Wubbena, the
Auburn band leading and the bands
from Lincoln, Roseville, Newcastle and
Colfax fallowing and dividing the pro
cession into five sections. The line of
march was along the main street to the
depot, countermarching to the opera
house.
General Jo Hamilton presided at the
meeting. Judge Magulre was the first
speaker. His remarks were on the same
lines as those delivered elsewhere. He
declared the single tax was not an is
sue, but that the railroad was. He
called attention to the fact that M. M.
Estee had been "called down" and a
railroad attorney substituted to stump
the State with Gage. He defended his
course in Congress on the funding bill
amendment and challenged anybody to
name a railroad man who was not sup
porting the Republican ticket. In clos
ing he delivered a eulogy cm Congress
man de Vries and his work in Congress, j
Maguire was followed by Hutchison, j
McCraney, La Rue and De Vries, who
addressed the audience briefly. Dur- j
ing intervals of the meeting campaign
songs were sung by the Forest Hill and
Newcastle Glee clubs. A dance con
cluded the day.
AMADOU COUNTY OUTLOOK.
Indications Are That Qag-e Will Be-
ceive a Plurality.
SUTTER CREEK. Oct. 28.— Sutter
Creek was ablaze with Republican enthu
siasm to-night. J. H. Neff, Republican
nominee for Lieutenant Governor; Tirey
L. Ford, Republican nominee for Attorney
General; Hon. Duncan E. McKinlay and
Judge J. M. Fulweiler addressed one of
the largest and most enthusiastic meet
ings ever held In Sutter Creek. Hon.
John F. Davis presided. The addresses
were eloquent and convincing and made
a deep impression on those present.
The indications now are that Amador
County for the first time in her history
will give a plurality fnr the head of the
Republican ticket. Neff will get nearly
all the votes In this county and Ford will
not be far behind.
To-night there was such a large out
pouring of the people to honor the min
er's champions, Xeff and Ford, that the
hall would not hold half, so an overflow
meeting was held.
.~^^^^^^^_-^^___^_-_______ ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^ ____^^_-^ .-_-_____^-™ -^_
♦ ♦^^♦^♦♦♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦</4 ♦♦<$><$><B>s><B><s><3><&<s.s<g > «« > <§ >< - «► <S>v<B><!> ♦ <S> ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦^^♦^♦♦♦♦^
* \\«^^ Rainy weather COats stS^^^StiXL We've lately noticed an in- jfigj <$
t 3lS^ *^ / x^^^^^\ creased demand for Winter Over- jEffa %
♦ »§& ' n rea^ Variety ff vV^lfojS^m coats. Our superb new stock is lfe:if 4
I ||l from $300 up. f^Mra go c o e d t: : te! the requirements of :
t Mlilflli -MllBSffll™! he is we " dressed no matter what the cost. If he lii^SBp|S§llS *
♦ i!ilpß™™Him wii| !ook as we|l in a $ 10 - 00 suit as in a $ 20 or 30 HStfiiffisS *
♦ PllwilPißßß suit, why then it 'behooves him to dress himself m H^^H^^
: Have you seen our $10 made= lifß :
■ $ /Ifil. I to = order suits ? ill i|§ ♦
* M p||ji!/| They are something unequaled, and to a great many P*li^ * '
♦ ' :: jBl llwi'llliF unheard of, at that price. Made of all-wool clay E^ =
♦ -if ■I'lPf worsteds, cheviots and tweeds, by first-class tailors «
;'; ' j ||y I'iMl in first-class style. Made to suit you perfectly, or W^' : \
♦ & S N WOOD TO H/ 1
718 Market Street, S. F. . £*
♦.♦ ♦>► ♦ ♦ ♦■.♦.♦♦■'♦ ♦:♦*♦♦ ♦> ♦ ♦'♦:-.♦♦ ♦ <$> ♦..'♦.♦'♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦:♦♦:♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦.♦♦♦■♦♦ ♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦:♦ ♦> ♦♦ ♦ .♦■♦•♦ ♦•.♦ * f.y t '♦ ♦♦♦< i
REA FIGHTING 111
HIS LUST DITCH
Santa Clara's Gang Is
Demoralized.
LOSING FOLLOWERS DAILY
BOSS AND HIS HENCHMEN IN
SORE STRAITS.
Their Campaign Directed Against
Pour Members and Nominees of
the Good Government
League.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 28.— The Rea gang is
thoroughly demoralized by the condi
tions that confront it. Since Rea's con
viction of slander there has been a de
fection in the ranks, and many old
time supporters of the ring now pass
the leaders by with only a glassy stare.
Until lately few men in business dared
to oppose Rea or the Mackenzies, as
that meant the ruination of their busi
ness. The boycott was the weapon of
these gangsters, and they applied it
effectively.
This is all changed now. The convic
tion of Rea announced a new era for
San Jose, and it Is a question of only
a short time when Rea and the Mac
kenzie family will be retired to private
life. This condition will come as a re
sult of the victory of the reform forces
on November 8. A county government
by the people, economically adminis
tered, instead of one by boss rule, will
be a relief to the taxpayers of the
county.
The great number of the people who
are rallying to the support of the Good
Government League ticket is urging
the gang on to more desperate efforts
than ever before. Rea has given it out
to his lieutenants to do anything to de
feat the reform ticket, and especially
James H. Lyndon for Sheriff, L. J.
Chipman for School Superintendent, E.
\V. Conant for Treasurer and A. T.
Herrmann for Surveyor. These four
are members and nominees of the Good
Government League, and the gang is to
center all its power on this quartet.
Lyndon and Chipman have made excel
lent officials, while Herrmann and Con
ant are well qualified for the positions
to which they aspire.
The Good Government League is over
2000 strong, and it will support its en
tire ticket from top to bottom. These
Republicans who have had manhood
enough to break away from the boss
ridden party in the county are to be
taught a lesson, and the gan^ while it
will work to defeat the whole union
ticket, will make an especial effort to
down these four.
The California Club, the Reaites
headquarters, is the scene of great ac
tivity Just now. Conferences are held
daily and plans of campaign being ar
ranged. Money is being collected from
gang officials and friends for a corrup
tion fund, and city and county officials
have been given orders to get out and
work for voters. i
Boss Rea is trying, hard to re-elect
his brother, G. E. Rea, to the Board of
Supervisors from the First District.
Voters are being: colonized and money
used in Rea's behalf, but it looks very
much as though R. M. Phelps, the anti- j
gang candidate, will win. A meeting of
the Good Government League at Gilroy
this week was the largest ever held
there. Gilroy is the home of the Rea
family, and always considered a hot
bed for gangsters. The defeat of Rea's
brother there would be a direct slap in
the face of the gang. It is afraid of
this result, and Vie Bassignano, super
intendent of the County Infirmary here,
has been sent down there to herd the
voters into line. Bassignano formerly
lived there. The fact that this county
official should leave his duties here and
go to Gilroy to electioneer for Rea is
causing much unfavorable comment.
The Police Department of this city
also is taking a hand in politics, con
trary to provisions of the city charter,
which state it must keep out of politics.
Chief Kidward is especially active, and
he and his pets on the force are out
fighting Lyndon, the Good Government
candidate for Sheriff. The Fire Depart
ment, likewise, is doing service for the
gang, and even the lady teachers in the
School Department are button-holing
friends and asking them to support the
Rea ticket.
DICK LOWE BRINGS
GOLD FROM KLONDIKE
Arrives on the Cottage City With a
Hundred and Fifty Thousand
to His Credit.
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— The steamer Cot
tage City arrived in port this morning
from Alaska with a large list of pas
sengers, some of whom left Dawson dur
ing the first week in October. They
caught the Cottage City at Juneau, com
ing down from Skagway in a small
steamer.
The richest passenger was Dick Lowe,
who is said to have $150,000 to his credit
here, part of which he brought out with
him. while part was gold sent down the
Yukon. He came out over the Dalton
trail, and has been in Alaska several
years. Lowe has a fractional claim on
Bonanza Creek, from which he has taken
$250,000. His biggest clean-up this year
was $45,000, the result of thirty hours'
sluicing. The best prospect was fifty-one
ounces to the pan. worth $867.
News of the death of O. M. Cole of
Illinois by accidental shooting at Mlnook
Creek has reached Juneau. where Cole
formerly lived. He was with H. Hart
and a party of six coming down the creek
in a small boat. In some manner his gun
was discharged, inflicting a fatal wound.
He died three hours after, and was burled
on the creek banb. Cole once mined in
the Casslar country.
Captain Wallace reports strong head
winds on the trip, which was otherwise
uneventful. The Cottage City had 226
passengers, many of whom were mine
owners, who had started for Dawson but
were compelled to return, as the steam
ers have stopped running.
FRUIT SENT TO HAMBURG.
Solano County Growers Find a Profit-
able Foreign Market.
BUISUN, Oct. 2S.— Large demands have
been received here from Germany for
dried fruits. Suisun has been made the
headquarters of an Influential iirm that
two years ago commenced shipping dried
fruits to Hamburg. Consignments were
at first made on a small scale and the
fruit sent was of first-class quality and
neatly packed In boxes. The enterprise
proved a satisfactory one, and in con
sequence a permanent market has been
established which promises such an ex
tension of business and Increased demands
that an additional avenue for the dis
posal of California dried fruit has been
opened. The season opened with the
shipment of dried apricots, peaches and
pears. The demand at present is for
prunes, and during the past week six
carloads have been shipped to Hamburg.
A large quantity remains for consign
ment and to expedite shipping an addi
tional force of thirty-five hands has been
employed.
BULLET HITS THREE MEN.
Accidental Shooting Causes a Mcxi-
can Soldier's Death.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 2R.— An accidental
shooting occurred at Ensenada yester
day morning by which three men were
wounded with one bullet, one being al
ready dead. The drill sergeant having
in charge the training of the Mexican
soldiers stationed at Ensenada was en
gaged in instructing a snuad in the use
of muskets, loading and firing. He was
standing nearly in line with the men. His
own musket, unknown to him. was load
ed and as he raised it suddenly the trig
gir caught in his clothes and the gun was
discharged, the ball going through three
privates in the ranks, one of whom has
since died.
Clark Protests Innocence.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 28.— 1n the mur
der trial of Harry Clark, charged with
killing a ChJnese laundryman, Clark went
upon the stand in his own behalf to-day
in an attempt to strengthen his alibi.
He testified that he borrowed a shotgun
and some shells, but that after the
Chinese came he left the house and went
hunting. When he returned he found Con
stable Hunter in the house and the Chi
nese gone. He denied all knowledge of
the killing.
Davidson and Light Acquitted.
SEATTLE. Oct. 2S.— D. B. Davidson, the
wealthy Klondiker, who was arrested in
this city several weeks ago on the charge
of embezzling from the Klondike Mining
Syndicate of Colorado Springs, Colo., was
discharged to-day. James P. Light, vice
president of the Seattle-Yukon Steamship
Company, also was acquitted of the
charge of embezzling $1300 from the com
pany. #
Car Leaves the Bails.
REDDING, Oct. 28.— One car of a freight
train jumped the track between Delta and
Sims to-day, without damage to itself or
the train. Traffic was delayed two and a
half hours.
STRIKES II ROCK
AND GOES DOWN
Yukon River Steamship
Anglian Lost.
PASSENGERS AND CREW SAFE
ESCAPE IN SMALL BOATS TO THE
SHORE.
The John C. Barr Is Fast on a San 4
Bar Near Fort Selkirk and
Probably Will Become »
Total Wreck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 28.— The large Yukon
River steamship Anglian was wrecked
near the confluence erf Hootalinqua
aTid Thirty-mile rivers three weeks
ago, according to a report brought to-:
day by passengers on the steamship
Cottage City. The Anglian had tried
to reach White Horse Rapids, where
she was to go into winter quarters, but
failed on account of the very low water,
which usually precedes the freezing up
of the Yukon's uppe^ waters. The
steamship was accordingly turned
around, with the intention of returning
to Dawson. After proceeding about
twenty miles down river she struck a
sunken rock. A few hours later she
went down, as the water steadily
gained on her pumps. She undoubtedly
will be a total wreck, as nothing can
be done to raise her before the ice
breaks up. By that time she will have
been entirely demolished. Her passen.
gers and crew escaped in small boata
and camped on shore until provisions
could be procured to enable them tq
reach Dawson.
The steamship John C. Barr, belong
ing to the North American Transporta
tion and Trading Company, recently
went ashore on a sandbar forty miles
below Fort Selkirk. Great efforts were
being made to get her off. If they fail
she probably will be broken to- pieces
by ice jams when the river freezes.
The Barr was taking a cargo of cat
tle to Dawson for Pat Galvin's com
j pany. Being new to the upper river her
officers got her into a channel having
a sandbar at the end of it. In trying
to turn around she was forced on the
bar and the swift current made It next
to impossible to release her.
CLEARS A MYSTERY
OF TWELVE YEARS AGO
Confession of an Astoria Man Shows
that Herman Johnson Was
Murdered.
ASTORIA, Oct. 28.— According: to the
confession of Herman Roikala, the death
of Herman Johnson in this city about
twelve years ago was a cold-blooded mur-t
der. Roikala, now in custody of tne
Sheriff, tells the following story:
"On Christmas eve, twelve years ago,
Herman Johnson. Elias Kasola and my
self got into a row in a saloon. After thq
trouble Johnson and I started home to
gether, and while proceeding up the road
way in West Astoria, near the bay, Ka
sola, who was secreted in fhe dark, way
laid us, and in the struggle struck John
son on the head with a club and killed
him. Kasola then turned hi? attention to
me and I agreed to say nothing about the
murder if let alone. The 3ead man was
then thrown over the bank into the bay,
and his body was subsequently found. It
was determined by a Coroner's jury that
Johnson was accidentally drowned.
Kasola is supposed to be in Finland.
PRESIDENT HETTREATrX HERE,
Santo Domingo's Executive Arrives
in Washington.
CHARLESTON. S. C, Oct. 28.— The
cruiser Montgomery arrived from Nassaq
at 4 o'clock with President Heureaux^ ol
Santo Domingo and Mr. Weed, the Isew
York financier, aboard.
McKinley Will Vote.
CANTON. 0.. Oct. 28.— Affidavit for reg
istration has been received from President
McKinley by Thomas F. Turner of the
City Board of Elections. The President
swears it is impossible for him to be In
Canton on any registration day.
34
BEAR CLUB HONORS THE
REPUBLICAN NOMINEES
A Mighty Gathering of Political Brains at
the Den at B'nai B'rith
Hall.
Ursines, Big and Little, Come Forth to Chant the Party
Creed and Make Meat of Democratic
Falsehood.
There was a mighty gathering of the
Bears last night. From their haunts in
the sand dunes and their dens in the
town, they prowled to foregather at their
big rendezvous at B'nai B'rith Hall, to
celebrate their thirteenth birthday and
to do all honor to those honored of all
loyal Bears, the Republican nominees.
it was an enthusiastic, good natured
array of political bruins. They came out
not to hear, but to ratify the principles,
platform, candidates and all else that
pertained to their creed, and many of
them brought their wives to grace the
galleries and lend a social flavor to the
doings of their Bearships in the pit.
Clubs from nearly every district in hte
city sent delegations to add to the even
ing's enthusiasm, and the James F.
Troutt Club of the Forty-fifth District
was there to the full extent of its mem
bership. It was a gala night and an
augury of Republican success, the like
of which the campaign has not before
seen.
Every candidate on the municipal ticket
save two who were ill was on hand and
ready with a speech, and their ranks were
augmented by a number of those who
seek honors in the State lists.
Thomas W. Collins, president of the
club, presided over his 500 and odd un
ruly cubs. It took him a full sixty sec
onds with his gavel to bring quiet out of
the roars of greeting that were going up
as the candidates and speakers of the
evening arrived.
When he did win a semblance of order
he announced a greeting to all of the vis
iting clubs and a welcome to the score
of nominees who were o.i the stage. He
said that he did not know it was neces
sary, but he thought that a lit
tle Bear Club history would not be
amiss, and he called upon Edward I.
Wolff, a Bear of the original band, to
provide It.
"Do I need to tell you," said Mr. Wolff.
"that the Bear Club has been always
identified with and one of the hardest
workers for the best interests of this
city? From the time that it was first or
ganized, way back in ISSS, It has been the
leading club in all things Republican and
has given its best labors and Influence to
bring about Republican success. To the
many Republican victories it has con
tributed largely, and it will contribute
largely to the success that we are now so
sure will come of our work In this cam-
"ft may well be said that this Is to be
an election of unusual importance. In
it we have to elect Judges to our Su
preme bench, municipal officers who will
have it in their power to make or wreck
the fair name and fair promise o f this
city, and we have to elect a Congress
that will either approve of or repudiate
the magnificent course that our Presi
dent has taken through the unhappy'war
that we have just passed through with
such glorious success and lasting results.
We have to elect a Congress that will
appreciate and make the most of the
splendid opportunities that have come to
us through our present administration and
that will uphold that administration in
its future plans for our general welfare.
Only those can do this who are in politi
cal and moral sympathy with the admin
istration and I wish to impress this fact
upon all good' Be;:rs and upon the many
who are here to do us honor to-night."
With his eloquence and evident sincer
ity and the concise expression of the^r
own opinions Mr. "Wolff caught the
house. Cheer after cheer went up to rus
tle the flag-decked ceiling, and Vlce-Presi
dent Vooisanger was obliged to delay his
remarks for as much as five minutes until
the applause subsided.
"The Bear Club, as you have already
been told." said Mr. Voorsanger, "is one
of the oldest Republican organizations in
the city, and 1 wish to add that it is a
source of real pride to us to know and to
feel that in strict adherence to the prin
ciples of the Republican party, in fidelity
to its cause, and in real hard work, Indi
vidually and collectively, for the success
of the various Republican aspirants for
political honors, the Bear Club yields the
palm to no one.
"One of the main reasons why every
right-mlnded citizen in California should
this year of all years support the Repub
lican party regardless of political creed
is because the eyea of ttie world are upon
thousands of our native eons who are now
In Manila. Our own brave Californian
boys, who left loving parents, brothers
and sisters, with a determination to up
hold the honor of our flag with their
life's blood, and the only thing that sus
tains these brave lads in the land of ma
laria and suffering is their sturdy patri
otism. And I say to you now, fellow- cit
izens, that a vote for the Republican tick
et this year will be a vote of thanks to
them and of confidence in the man who
sent them where they are to vindicate
this country's \onor, President McKin
ley."
Mr. Voorsanger was progressing with
his speech when a quickstep from the
band and cheers from the doorway an
nounced the arrival of Julius Kahn. Es
corted by a delegation from the club.
Mr. Kahn was about to take his seat, but
the audience wouldn't have It that way.
Nothing but a speech would do, and it
was not a bit quiet about saying so.
Mr. Kahn said he had not come to make
a speech, because it was a matter of fact
that all Bears knew as much about party
Issues as he did. "I've only come here to
help you ratify In advance," said Mr.
kahn, "but in doing so 1 am going to say
a few things that are of particular Im
portance to us all at this time.
"I have long had the honor of being a
Bear among you and I can vouch for the
enthusiasm of this club for everything
Republican. In no campaign have Its
tnembers been found wanting. They have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
ever supported the party principles and
candidates.
"It seems to me that there is but one
question involved in the present fight for
supremacy: Shall Mr. McKinley receive
the indorsement of the people of Califor
nia in the course that he has pursued in
our war with Spain? Shall the people of
this State hold up his hands and help
him with the plans that he has for the fu
ture? This is paramount. Even our ad
versaries admit that he has given us a
wise, a broad, an honest administration,
and tHe least we can do is to say so by
our vote on the Bth of the coming month.
"We of this State have more at stake
than any of the other States in the
Unioh. With our new gained colonies the
time is not far distant when San Fran
ci.sco will be one of the greatest mari
time cities of the globe, and in order to
get the full benefit of the glorious op
portunities that are each day opening to
us we must send men into our council
halls who are familiar and in sympathy
with the politic and plans of our execu
tive."
Mr. Kahn closed with a convincing de
nial that the railroad as a campaign is
sue is a bogie raised by the Democrats
for the want of a better contention.
The Troutt Club had come to ratify and
it considered that its time had arrived.
From all over the hall loud ahouts for
"Troutt!" "Troutt:" "Speech!" and like
calls that were calculated to disconcert
President Collins, who was trying to an
nounce some one else. Mr. Collins com
promised by calling for Judge Troutt.
The kind greeting was most warmly ap
preciated by Judge Troutt. He could not
deal with political matters, for obvious
reasons, but he said many nic« things
about the Bear Club and bears in gen
eral, which were echoed in the cheera of
his adherents in the body of the hall.
Judge Troutt argued for a solid vote as
a vote of confidence in the President. He
also said he had heard that there were
many who were so ignorant of their du
ties as good citizens that in the coming
election they were going to resort to
"plumping." "That is," said Judge
Troutt, "vote for only one or two nomi
nees for an office when there are three or
four running for the office on the same
ticket. Such a practice is not right. It
is not good citizenship, and I stronply
urge you to inveigh against the practice
wherever you hear it is likely to be done."
There was a letup in the serious busi
ness at this point and the Waterman sis
ters filled in the interval with a number
of clever campaign songs.
Congressman Eugene F. Loud came
next. "I find," began Mr. Loud, "that
you have Indorsed the singers and have
fairly elected Judge Troutt and I have
come to the conclusion that this Is more
a ratification meeting than anything else.
And gentlemen, you are right. We have
almost reached that point where we can
ratify with every reason for doing so. I
have been for two weeks past In the coun
try, talking for and in defense of Repub
lican principles and I have found it an
<-asy thing to do. No principles ever pro
mulgated were broader, purer or better
than those in our platform, and the people
of this State realize it.
"Accordlng to his own idea Mr. Ma
guire has been vested with all of the
power and the glory of these United j
States, and with all of the moral recti
tude that ever existed in Congress. He
came back here proclaiming that he was |
the only honest man in Washington, and j
he pptnted out the deficiency bill to prove :
it. He voted against that in the face of
the opinions and votes of the brainiest
and best men in Congress, who thought
that the for best interests of this country
the bill were best passed. He claimed j
that the war revenue bill, that was pro
mulgated by five of the old school Demo
crats in the Senate, was wrong for that
it worked a hardship on the poor. If a
tax on sleeping car berths and seats and"
on telegrams and Wells-Fargo packages
works a hardship on Maguire's poor peo
ple then certainly the bill is wrong, but
as a general thing the people who can
afford these things are able to also pay I
the tax.
"There is one man they have not
claimed, though. They have not laid
claim to William McKinley, whose glo
rious statesmanship it was that led us
through this war with such honor to
ourselves. They have spent their time in
howling that it was not a Republican
war and charging the Republican party
with all of the shortcomings and disas
ters that accompanied It. That's consist
ent, isn't it? If Thomas Jefferson could
rise out of his honored grave and see
his dishonored progeny he'd return to his
dust and ashes and be glad to get back."
Ex-Supreme Court Justice Van R. Patj
erson took the rostrum to 'defend his ok*
• associates on the bench against the vil
lainous'attacks of Phelaii and others of
his ilk.. ;
"Men in their high judicial position can
not stoop to their own defense, but thank
God they have friends who can, and those
friends will do it," said Mr. Paterson.
Jntnes I"). Phelan he arraigned as the
dapper, silk tiled boss has been never
i arraigned before. lie pointed out the
Kiainig falsehoods that he haa made use
uf in his attack upon the Supreme judi
ciary and argued that because the court
did not decide in the Supervisor case in
the way that Phelan demanded they were
not of necessity corrupt.
In closing Judge Paterson paid a trib
ute to his former colleagues that found
a response in the mighty shout of ap
proval that went up from the throats of
his thousand hearers.
Judge Paterson was followed by all of
j the local candidates in turn, and the
crowd stayed late to hear them through.
Following Is a list of the vice presi
dents of the meeting:
General Warfleld, R. Welneke, Robert
Munk, Judge Troutt, Charles Tilton, J. N.
E. Wilson. H. C. Dibble, K. P. Bull. W. H.
Rlekard, W. P. Fuller. Charles Green, H.
M. Holbrook, P. A. BerKerot, Dr. Gedge,
3. Alvii watt, Charles S. Laum<*ister, H.
V. Northrup, A. G. Schumacher, F. K. Dan
lorth, John J. Sullivan, Felix Merzlirteh.
Governor Salomon, Sol llloom, F. A. Horn
blower, Nick Long, Milton J. Green. George
C. Perkins, George W. Scbell, M. M. EBtee,
E. T. l'etersen, Captain "William G. Leale,
H. L.. Jo&chimsen, A. C. Truman, S. H.
Nicholson, William Miller, James McNab,
A. Morris. A. M. Currle. Robert Mitchell,
H. Jacob, M. Lewis, N. Manasse, Judge
Belcher, Dr. S. P, Muffe, Carroll
M. Root, Vf. H. I'helps, J. <.'. .Noti
man, 11. C. Firebaugh. N. Davidson. Leon
Jones. Harry Glbbs, S. I. Green, Vander
lyn Btow, W. G. Stafford, E. T. Donnelly,
Charles Curry, Geurge R. Armstrong,
Thomas lialier, J. D. Daly, T. H. McCar
thy, Mover Jacob*, Otto E. W!s«, I. J.
Truman, Thorna* Pfsinond, Frank J.
French, John H. Shine. U. S. Grant Jr.,
11. A. Steffens, George A. Merrill. \V. J.
Herrin. I. J. Truman Jr.. Judne Van R.
Paterson, Hon. Eugene F. Loud, John
Kline, George Tantau, IS. H. Morris, W. O.
Elmer, .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOREB 29, 1898.
DEMOCRATS
ARE FALSE TO
THEIR PLEDGES
Placards Printed by
Non-Union Labor.
ELECTION LAWS VIOLATED
MATTER MAY BE BROUGHT BE
FORE THE GRAND JURY.
Printing Freely Distributed Which
Bears Neither the Union Label
Nor the Name of the
Printer.
The Democratic party has broken not
only the pledges made in both State, leg
islative and municipal conventions but
also a portion of the law to regulate the
purity of elections by issuing a number of
posters bearing neither me name of the
printer nor the label of the Allied Print
ing Trades Council, and from present in
dications somebody will be obliged to
-pay the fiddler." Section 10 of the purity
of election law reads as follows:
Every bill, placard, poster, pamphlet or other
printed matter having reference to an election
or to any candidate shall bear upon the face
thereof the name and address of the printer
and publisher thereof, and no payment shall
be made or allowed unless Buch address Is so
printed.
The State convention of the Democratic
party indorsed the label of the Allied
Printing Trades Council, the municipal
convention indorsed this action and can
didates individually have promised that
all their work should bear this guarantee
of union workmanship. Yet, in spite of
all these pledges and in spite of the btate
law, placards were freely distributed
along Market street yesterday afternoon
bearing neither the label nor the imprint
of the printer— simply the name of the
publisher, who has ueen a notorious
patron of non-union offices fur years.
Added to this is the fact that the party
must have known what it was about, as
officers of the Allied Printing Trades
Council affirm that lists of all the offices
in the city privileged to use the label
were freely distributed at the headquar
ters of the parties and a copy mailed to
each candidate. There are other reasons,
too. which prevent these self-styled
friends of organized labor from claiming
ignorance. Before the lob in question was
off the presses the officers of the Allied
Printing Trades Council knew what was
being done, and in order that no cry of
"snap Judgment" might be made visited
the headquarters of the County Commit
tee and several of the candidates in per
son and made a plain statement of the
case. The story was listened to. there
was a little scurrying around of political
hangers-on and the placards went up just
the same.
The matter was brought up at the meet
ing of the Labor Council last night and
the following resolution, presented by J.
K. Phillips of the Typographical Union,
was unanimously adopted:
Resolved. That Is is the senseof the San Fran -
Cisco Labor Council that the unfair printing
firms of John Partridge and Charles Boldemann
be denounced for not complying with the laws
of the AlHed Printing Trades Council and also
section 10 of the purity of election law,
which explicitly provides that the name and
address of printers doing political work
be placed thereon, and further that all candi
dates for political office who fall to have the
label of said Allied Printing Trades Council
placed upon their printing be placed on record
The placard In question bears a half
tone portrait of every candidate on the lo
cal ticket, from Mayor Phelan down, and
framed copies are placed in conspicuous
places in almost every saloon and cigar
stand of prominence along Market street.
Much indignation has been expressed
over the matter by union men throughout
the city, who are accustomed to look for
the label before they look at the Job, and
it is broadly hinted that the matter will
be brought to the attention of the Grand
Jury, as the offense is punishable by a
fine of from $1000 to $5000, or proportionate
Imprisonment.
Politics in the Encinal City.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 2S.— Local Republicans
are much exercised over the attempt of
an independent candidate for a township
office to advertise himself as a regular
Republican nominee. D. T. Hard sought
the nomination for Justice of the Peace
at the San Leandro convention. He was
defeated by Harry Morris, and straight
away announced himself as an independ
ent. Party lines are rather closely drawn
in Alameda. Mr. Hard pooled issues with
a regular Republican nominee for Consta
ble, and the two issued a card, which has
openly been declared by fhe party man
agers an attempt to mislead the voters.
Their names appear together in bold type,
followed by the caption, "Regular Repub
lican nominee." The caption is in the
singular, but is made to fit either one of
the candidates.
John Hackett, who is running for the
office of County Assessor, Mas been adopt
ed by the independent party. The formal
announcement was made at a recent
meeting of the party held at Encinal
Hall The independents refused to indorse
Henry Dalton, and were without a candi
date for the office until Mr. Hackett i.ad
a falling out with his own Democratic
party and concluded to go it alone.
Democrats at North Beach.
A meeting of the Democrats was held
last nlffht in Garibaldi Hall at North
Beach. The retinue of speakers went the
rounds of several other meetings and
landed before the audience one after an
other. Mayor Phelan repeated the hack
neyed tale of the brassy grasp of corpo
rate power, and chuckled over the fact
that the yellow Third-street organ's buzz
saw ripped off something this morning
about the Southern Pacilic Company be
ing In politics. He was followed by
Washington Dodge and his bundle of
charts after which E. P. Mogan outlined
his official policy, saying that in slight
offenses he did not believe in administer
ing flagrant punishment, where a repri
mand would subserve the ends of jus-
tice
George H. Cabaniss was loudly applaud
ed at the conclusion of his remarks and
the remainder of the speakers occupied
the attentions of their listener* until a
late hour. They were, William Jordon,
John A. Brown, Barclay Henley, J. Deasy,
F X Lane, J. H. Grady, R. P. Doolan,
Bernard Bienenfeld, T. F. Bonnet, Dr.
Clinton, Dr. T. W. Leland, Flnlay Cook
and others.
Friends of J. A. Drinkhouse.
The friends of J. A. Drinkhouse, the
Republican and Non-Parttean candidate
for Public Administrator, are organizing
clubs in his interest in various sections
of the city. The J. A. Drinkhouse Club
of the Fortieth Assembly District met
last evening at 15D0 Broderick street, and
organized by the election of Fred C. Nob
man Jr. as president and William Podd
as secretary. The club, consisting of 140
members, resolved to divide itself into
precinct organizations and canvass the
Fortieth District in the interest of Mr.
Drinkhouse's candidacy.
Aigeltinger Club Formed.
An E. H. Aigeltinger Club was formed
in the Thirty-seventh Assembly District
last evening, with the following officers;
B. Enright, president; J. Connlff, secre
tary, and A. Wise, treasurer. Meetings
will be held every Friday evening at
Junction Hall. Speeches were made by
William Holliday, B. Enrlgrht, James
Bell, J. Magorty, George Nichols and
Larry Tiernan.
Republican Demonstration.
President Jacob Dreyfuss of the Forty
flfth District (branch) Republi-.an Club,
announces to the voters of that district
that another rousing demonstration wiH
be held at 412 Jackson street this evening.
Several good speakers are engaged to ad
dress the meeting. Members of the club
and voters generally are invited to be
present.
JAMES D. PHELAN
OVERLOOKS FACTS
Some Matters the Autocrat Fails to
Touch Upon in His Self-Adulations.
James D. Phelan, autocrat of the local Democracy and political
purist, in again seeking the suffrage of the people of San Francisco,
nightly goes upon the platform and talks of the great good he has ac
complished, of the high regard in which he holds the humble followers in
his train; of his efforts in their behalf, and, above all, of his loyalty to
the party that invested him with the robe of office.
Mayor James D. Phelan may make himself believe the words he iter
ates and reiterates six days and nights in the week, but nobody else is
hoodwinked by them, for Mayor Phelan's record is too recent and too
glaring to deceive anybody but the few who are wilfully blind to the hol
lowness of his pretensions.
From the very first Mayor Phelan insulted and ignored the ones who
placed him where he is, trampling on their rights and privileges with the
imperiousness of a Nero, and this course he has consistently followed
down to the present time, when he asks his victims to believe that what
he has done was for their best interests, as they were and are totally in
competent to be intrusted with any voice in the^ffairs of their party.
Mayor Phelan, since the campaign opened, has found it expedient to
discard the silk tile of aristocracy and don the felt hat of the masses,
but he could not change his instincts with his headgear, and even as he
talks to those who will listen his sensibilities rise in unbidden revolt
against his honied words.
The appointment of the Democratic County Committee of One Hun
dred by Mayor Phelan, which afterward resolved itself into the Demo
cratic municipal nominating convention at Mayor Phelan's instance, is
a striking instance of that individual's total disregard for political pro
prieties or the rights of his political followers. The Democratic dis
tricts south of Market street that placed him in office were meagerly and
grudgingly recognized in Mr. Phelan's selections, while the aristocratic
and Republican districts of Nob and Russian hills, Pacific Heights and the
Western Addition were drawn upon for 75 per cent of his members. To
be exact, the nine Democratic Assembly districts furnished twenty-seven
members of the Committee of One Hundred, while the nine Republican
districts contributed seventy-three members. The following table shows
the Democratic or Republican majority in each Assembly District in the
city two years ago, and the number of committeemen selected from each
district:
ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS.
y
oc — 3
«5 p 3
: 2-3
• << 2:
.' - o
: ~n
rt £ _ 3
►1 (t O 3
. o 3
I: 3^o
• 1 1 l-k
Twenty-eighth
Twenty-ninth
Thirtieth
Thirty-first
Thirty-second
Thirty-third
Thirty-fourth
Thirty-fifth
Thirty-sixth
Thirty-seventh
Thirty-eighth
Thirty-ninth
Fortieth
Forty-first
Forty-second
Forty-third
Forty-fourth
Forty-fifth
379
731
540
919
405 ,
174
74
" 189
130
160
339
571
809
839
593
394
173
1
3
2
2
1
1
4
7
4
13
7
11
17
7
3
7
1
9
"""'iio':".'
Totals
3551
There is one error in this table, for recent developments have shown
that the autocrat of the Democracy could only find ninety-nine members
of his party in this city whom he regarded as fit to associate himself
with, and was obliged to go over to the English colony of Sausalito for
his hundredth member, Mr. M. H. Hernan.
That was the first open evidence of the great disesteem in which
Mayor Phelan held the San Francisco Democracy; the first time he pub
licly announced to the Democratic strongholds that there were none
within their boundaries who were his equals in the social and political
plane; the first time he told his followers they were incompetent to man
age and control their own affairs.
The second announcement of this character Mayor Phelan made was
when his self-appointed Committee of One Hundred, then acting in the
capacity of a nominating convention, ignored those same Democratic
strongholds and again turned to the aristocratic Republican districts to
supply his Supervisorial material. In five wards not a Democrat could
be found acceptable to the autocrat of his party, and five silk-tiled, kid
gloved carpet-baggers were dispatched from their luxurious homes to
seek temporary residences in the south of Market street and water-front
wards in order that these incompetents might be properly represented in
the Supervisors' chambers, according to Mayor Phelan's ideas.
Mayor Phelan has so frequently shown his poor opinion of the hon
esty and intelligence of his followers that it is not to be wondered at, in
his daily and nightly self-laudations, he takes it for granted that his hear
ers will not recall his acts that, if remembered, woutd not endear himself
to them. He does not expect the great mass of people to remember when
he tells them of his vetoing of the city's gas bills, that he is a heavy stock
holder in an opposition company that is seeking to gain control of the
city's lighting, and that his hold-up of the rival company's money may
have been for the purpose of harassing a concern opposed to his own
company. Nor does he expect his audience to look back to the campaign
of two years ago, when the autocrat spent his patrimony by thousands to
secure his election, and afterward nade affidavit that his campaign ex
penses amounted to something like $250.
Mayor Phelan's followers are too dense, in his estimation, to take
heed of the time when a representative of the gas company was before
him for examination, and in reply to the Mayor's questioning said the
company paid its lamplighters $40 a month, whereat the Mayor was
righteously wroth and replied that $25 was enough for them. Nor of
another occasion when told by an employe of the Spring Valley Water
Company that its laborers were paid $2 a day, at which Mr. Phelan ex
pressed his disapproval by saying that $1 50 a day was ample for work
ingmen.
Then there is that firewood pavement. Nobody is expected to
question the motive that led the autocrat to deface nearly an entire
block on Market street by outting down a pavement of tar and redwood
splinters in preference to the substantial California product of bitumen
on a solid concrete foundation. If it was because the Mayor is also
financially interested in the company that laid it and wanted to introduce
it to the citizens of San Francisco as a monument to shifty and shiftless
street work, he carefully refrains from mentioning the fact in his
harangues. »
Another thing the autocrat fails to discuss in its entirety, and which
he relies on the ignorance of his people to overlook, is his conduct in the
matter of the ousting of the Board of Supervisors. Mayor Phelan seeks
to make much political capital out of that episode, and in his shuffling of
facts he is ingenious, not to say expert. But one old-line Democrat.
Auditor William Broderick, whom until Mayor Phelan saw fit to discard
as unfit for his charmed circle a majority of the people thought emi
nently capable of filling one of the most important offices in their gift,
has come forward and drawn attention to a few points the Mayor has
refrained from touching upon. According to the decision of Judge Wal
lace the board could be ousted, but it must be ousted as a whole, which
decision Mayor Phelan has always upheld. If men are removed from
office under such conditions they are ineligible to hold public office in this
State for all time, yet Mayor Phelan sought to and did place four of
them (Lackmann, Clinton, Dodge and Rottanzi) back in their old posi
tions, and has placed Dodge and Lackmann on his ticket now before the
people, for Assessor and Supervisor, respectively.
Another point brought to lieht by Mr. Broderick is the worthlessness
of the bonds offered by Mr. Phelan for ten of the Supervisors he selected
at that time. The appointments were actually made on September 16,
but a typewritten corporation bond, prepared under Mayor Phelan's di
rection and presented to the Auditor by Colonel Sullivan, the Mayor's
secretary, read: "Whereas, was appointed a Supervisor
on the 15th day of September." etc. This discrepancy in dates rendered
the bonds worthless, and Mayor Phelan was submitted to a rigid examin
ation on that point by Garret McEnerney when the case was tried before
the Superior Court. Denman and Lackmann furnished their own bonds,
which were regular and binding.
Mayor Phelan has been entirely frank with his followers in so far as
he has branded them moral smd mental incompetents; why is he not
equally frank in his references to himself?
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Gomipondiag With Any of th» Following 1 Firmi Pleas* Mention "The C»1L"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlsttc furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock ril I ID £ ft) n Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. JML-L<ll ttVU- Ban Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
n/U CfHnFMViI Shipping trade supplied
WiTl- JVllUCninU, «3« Broadway street.
~~~ BELTING. "
Ln lICfiEN Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. IJCUCII, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
1 sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Bpeeikl Attention Paid to Rtpiiri and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDICV £ CAWC— Makers and Dealers In
MICH U sU.>OLar.<l&us, Hacks. Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco. : ::
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World" Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1617 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main I**4
COPPERSMITH.
.To*»rh Vox. Eupt. H. TJlyth. Mr-
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and IS
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
(id C W- RICHARDS, & PoM *tr*«t.
UR' L- IT- Kitn.AKUj, 8E fodNv ICe«rny
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO, s s o co s^ a T e d i s^i e n
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONB.
411-413 California street. r~*r.
Capital Represented over n4.000.000
FLOUR.
VATIfIK AT Flour Mills. J. Mart mute, n & Co.
IIAUViIALi SW. cor. Battery and Faclflo st*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lA^ ROVF^ it ffl Shipping Butchan. 10*
JA3- DUIC3 (X tU,, Clay. T«l. Main 1»4.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. . lmporters X Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
A REPUBLICAN BALLY.
Hearty Welcome to Candidates by
South-of-Market Street Voters.
Black"s Hall, at 619 Bryant street, near i
Fourth, is not a very big or pretentious j
■place of meeting, but it was filled with i
Republican enthusiasm last evening. It '
was full to the doors with Republicans i
and the enthusiasm extended to the over- I
flow on the outside. If last evening's !
demonstration is any Indication of what
may be expected of the voters of the dis
trict on the Bth of next month, it is safe
to say that the Democratic candidates
will not have much to boast of from that
part of the town.
Among the early arrivals was Charles
L. Patton, candidate for Mayor, who, up
on entering the hall, was received with
round after round of cheers. In a brief
address he stated his position in the
campaign in a pleasant, simple
manner that at once won the
hearts and confidence of the audience, D.
J. Murphy, candidate for District Attor
ney, delivered a short address. I. J.
Truman said that when the Mayor comes
around to see how much money there is,
he will see that the money is counted and
not "hefted." A. R. Wells stated that he
too would look after the matter, as that is
a part of his duties. The reception ac
corded to Martin Fragley, nominee for
Street Superintendent, showed that he
was no stranger in that section of the
city.
No heartier reception could have been
given to any one than that accorded to
John A. Hoey, who has every. assurance
that he will be the next State Senator
from that, the Eighteenth Senatorial dis
trict. Among the others who addressed
the gathering were J. B. Cole for School
Director, H. J. Clement for Superior
Judge, H. L. Joachimsenfor Police Judge.
C. A. Low for the same office, Edward I.
Sheehan for Tax Collector, A. B. Tread
well for Police Judge, J. Carson foT Su
perior Judge, and several others. The
meeting was presided over by Captain H.
P. Kilgute.
Prize Campaign Song.
The prize offered by the Gage clubs of
the Universities of California and Stan
ford to the students of both colleges for
the best Republican campaign song has
been awarded to Miss Muriel Eastman of
the University of California. The song,
which is printed below, will be sung at
the great intercollegiate Republican rally,
to be held to-night in Woodward's Pa
vilion. The words are to be sung to the
tune of "The Jolly Sophomore."
In "heftum" Phelan trusted; but, oh, his trusts
were vain:
The sacks were very heavy, he used his might
and main.
Oh, Jimmy, gentle Jimmy dear, why did you
try that name?
Was It to beat the city, lad, or were your
wrusts Just lame!
The best laid plans of mice and men do often
fall aDart,
The best laid plans of mice and men do often
fall apart.
And that Is Just the reason that your coloniz
ing failed
Because one Supervisor just your deep-laid
scheme unveiled.
After the fusion nominee from Sacramento
came, •
Hlb head was full of "single tax" to the sum
mit of his brain.
He groaned to think of silver bright that he
would have to give
To be of this great Golden State the chief ex
ecutive.
A popocratlc fuslonlst, a fusion popocrat,
A popocratlc fuslontst, a fusion popocrat;
I'd either be a Republican or lees a Democrat.
But not a measly "mix-up" ■ and a fusion
popocrat ,
They call you "Little Giant," but that's a
misfit name;
But you can't help that, can you? Your friends
must take the blame —
They try to keep you thinking that you are
strong enough
To drive straight home your single "tax," but
that is Just a bluff.
A broad Gage line shall span this State from
Del Norte to the south,
A broad Gage line shall span this State from
Dei Norte to the south,
And sweep away the Free Trade talk far from
our glorious age.
And rear a lasting monument to upright Henry
Gase!
It Was a Prost.
A mass meeting of Silver Republicans
was held in Saratoga Hall last
night, which to all outward ap
pearances was a flat failure. Although
bonfires blazed on the corners adjacent
to the hall and a band tooted for a full
half hour in front of the building, the
room was but partially filled and tne ma
jority of those who came in soon left.
D. J. Dexter presided and urged the
cause of free silver and James G. Ma
guire, carefully backing away from the
single tax, which he claimed was not an
issue. Nathan Polk of Los Angeles and
A. J. Ingalls of Oakland made short
speeches on the necessity of a strong or
ganization of free silverltes. 8. P. Hol
land was then Introduced as the speaker
of the evening. He read the Chicago plat
form of 1896, and made a general free
silver soeech.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEI BOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larltln »t.. 8. V.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buif.M,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All HI A Hunters' Equipments. FUMnir
GUNS Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. -en*
JliU for cataloffue. GEO. W. SHREVB.
w w ■■ w ni Mar street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedley. Proos.. ,
234 Fremont St. Castines of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black Isoa.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 18« Suttor St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Mr In 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. Casslmeres. Tweeds and
Flannels. 535 Market St.. San Francisco.' CaL
Goods for *ale at all leading dry goods stor«a,
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ A CO.. Arsat*.
*•■•' 101 California «t.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE BERNHARD Mattress Co.. ■&.£?■£
lIIC DCnniIAKU «t. Telephone Main itTC
—
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTP PULP AND PAPER co .
lIILLHmCI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
PIANO and JVIUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
» and SO O'Farrell St.
A »<rrt>« of »ip»r* tuners and r*nafr»T«. .
PRINTING.
E- C- lUJvi tl tlO» 611 Sansoma street.
SOAP. '
GP I nrV * Tfl 123 California street.
. if. LtWI d WU,, rorm 37. Tel Main IWI.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. (
Te ' c p g Mc PARTRIDGE S^t
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, fiffiSVSfo..,
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding; Agents and Public Welghim,
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehonae*.
General office. 210 California st. Tat Mala I*ll,
WALLPAPER.
WHOLE 1 * \LK & retail: send for sample*, stat-
Ing quality & color.' DUFFY CO.. 923 Howard.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI I' VTW Headquarters for floe Jewelry ana
• LI HI! I, fun ig-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d St.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
DEMOCRATS LOSING HEART.
An Advertised Meeting That Did Not
Come Off on Point Lobos Avenue.
The Democratic party is evidently losing
heart in the coming election. To instance
this it will only be necessary to point out
the many cases where fhe single tax
monstrosity has failed to keep it 3 ap
pointment with the people where meetings
were advertised but did not materialize.
During all of yesterday several small
boys were promised an abundance of elec
tion cards if they would hustle about the
base of Lone Mountain and gather a lot
of brush to make a bonfire at the junction
of Point Lobos and Masonic avenues, as a
beacon of light for the wayfarers to come
into "Hefting Jimmy's" net. The brush
was collected and made into a good sized
heap, and when 8 o'clock came a match
was set to the pile. But no speakers
came, much to the disgust of the man
who gave the use of his upstairs livir.K
apartments as a hall and who had ordered
an extra supply of sharp steam beer for
the thirsty crowd that did not come.
Fusion Forces Rally.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— The fusion forces
held a big rally at the Tabernacle thi3
evening which was fairly attended, al
though the building would have held a
couple of thousand more. The orator of
the evening was Walter P. Stradley, who
spoke at some length on the necessity for
reform in the expenditure of the people's
money, and incidentally referred to Mr.
Maguire as the man of the hour who
would inaugurate many needed changes
in the State Government. J. Aubrey-
Jones, a candidate for Congress, spoke
of the financial questions. Thomas Scott,
a candidate for the State Board of Equal
ization, made a speech upon the need of
honest men on tho hoard. Several other
county candidates also spoke.
ALL CLASSES OF MEN
ALL CLASSES OF MEN
********* ALL CLASSES OF MEN
* J ALL CLASSES OF MEN
* cured * ALL CLASSES OF MEN
i i ALL CLASSES OF MEN
*♦♦♦**♦** ALL CLASSES OF MEN
ALL CLASSES OF MEN
ALL CLASSES OF MEN
ALL CLASSES AND ALL CONDl-
tions of men become puerile, weak,
feeble, especially if indulgences and ex-
cesses are continued for long. The first
sign may be called premature weak-
ness. This is easily discovered, but
not so easily remedied. You can't hit
a man with a stick and cure him. No;
you must go to the true cause or root
of the trouble, and when you have dis-
covered this then ; remove the cause
and you cure the individual. For this
reason Hudyan Remedy treatment is
prepared especially for each and every
case. No one can give you Hudyan,
therefore, but the Hudyan Medical doc-
tors. Hudyan cures premature weak-
ness, spermatorrhea, failing manhood
and diseases and disabilities of men.
HUDYAN CURES ABSOLUTELY.
■WRITE FOR.
H UDYA^CI R CULARS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
3O.DAY CUKE The sure cure for
n I.DAY RE your blood dlsor-
50.D.4 1 (IRK der is the 30-day
3O.DAY CUR X cure. . It cures
SO.IUY (IRE whether in the
3O.DAY CURE first, secondary or
3U.DAY CURE tertiary form. ' T -
Huason Meial Institute,
- Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
Use /^^^i and
Facial Soap jt^J? Facial Cream.
; t If anything alls your Skin. Scalp. Complex* y:
'™ J, r JlaJ Ia i /^-5 all on or wriu Dermatologist
ii l N ,«" -WOODBUnY. 127 West 42d .C. New
York. m State it., Chicago. Us« Wtxxlbviry'*
Facial Soap. Facial Cream, Facial and Toot*
; Powder. Bold everywhere.MR, M'EWEN'S
OPINION OF
J.G.MAGUIRE
Denounced the Single
Tax Advocate.
CROKER AND THE GOLD BUGS
LAST BESORT OF THE THIRD
STREET ORGAN.
Some Startling Changes That Have
Occurred in the Democratic
Camp Within a
Tew Weeks.
The local campaign has brought forth
many strange things — some of them un
expected—all of them interesting.
A few weeks ago the followers of
Judge Maguire and Mayor Pheian wer?
shaking hands with themselves and
making preparations to wind up their
private business affairs that they might
be ready to enjoy the spoils of victory
immediately after election. To-day
they are making frantic appeals for
funds and votes with which to down
the "combined villainies." But a short
time ago plenty of men were to be
found who were willing to wager as
high as four and five to one that Mayor
Pheian would be elected. To-day it is
hard to find a man in whom the gam
bling instinct is developed sufflciently
to induce him to commit financial sui
cide by putting up his money on
"Jimmy the Hefter."
And the Examiner — well, that is an
other story, and one that is worth the
telling and to which the attention of
the voters of the city and State is par
ticularly directed. Three weeks ago the
Uxaminer was proclaiming a victory—
io-'iay it appears in the guise of a beg
psr, seeking alms from those whom it
has been discrediting 1 . It? latest effort
to stem the tide that is sweeping me
Democratic candidates to defeat is set
forth in the fallowing article published
in us columns yesterday:
The close of the present campaign in
this city and State against the associated
corporations and monopolies represented
l>y the Republican State and municipal
tickets, promises to be cue of the most
exciting in the political history of Cali
fornia. Yesterday the forces making the
for honesty and good government
were strengthened by the arrival in this
city of two of the most prominent crea
tors of p'lblic sentiment and opin
ion in the United States, Ar
thur McEwen and Homer Davenport,
who came from the New York Journal
to join the staff of the Examiner. Neither
of the gentlemen needs introduction to
the readers of this paper, for it was here
that some of the best of their work with
pen and pencil has been done.
The gentlemen are here to take a most
active and vigorous part in the cam
paign, and to dv ail that they can to de
feat the efforts of the Southern Pacific
Company to longer control the politics of
California.
Both Mr. McEwen and Mr. Day n
port are well known and their abilities
in their respective lines is everywhere
recognized and acknowledged. The one
ta a writer and the other a caricaturist.
Taking it for granted that what the
Examiner says about the gentlemen is
true it is to be presumed that Mr. Mc-
Ewen will say, in print, a few kind
words for Judge Maguire. If so, it will
net be the lirst thing he has said of the
single tax candidate for Governor. A
coteparlson of what he has said and
what he will say cannot but prove in
t■■!•. sting, and for the benefit of those
who do not take the trouble to keep
account uf such things Mr. McEwen's
previous utterances concerning Maguire
are here reproduced — for convenience in
future comparisons.
On January 29, 1898. there was pub
lished in this city a letter from Mr. Mc-
Ewen, who was then in New York, over
his own signature, in which the writer
made the following reference to Judge
Maguire:
ker Club— it is the thine that fas
b—continues to be the most pros
la institution in New York. Its colos
a has helped to swell his ICa-
B head tv the point of bursting.
Among the new members the name of
Representative James G. Maguire of Cali
fornia appears. This will astonish a good
many people in and out of Judge Ma
guire's State. Doubtless he thought it
Bate to follow where Senator Jones of
Arkansas, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee. !<d; but the Senator
Militician who deems it wise to seize
» v. ry opportunity to g-f-t a foothold in the
' i ■ my'e country and do missionary work
for Bryan and silver. The Judge, how
ever, is more than a politician— more than
a silver man— he is r> vered by the single
t«xers of the T'nited States as or.c of the
foremost disciples of Henry George. That
he should join the gang which crowds
the Fifth avenue shrine to do homage.
f« ial and political, to Boss Croker, whom
Henry George, less than three months
ago, denounced from the stump as a pub
lic enemy, a thief and all-round scoundrel,
whom he would, if elected, do his best
to put in strips. Were Henry George's
son to apply for enrollment as one of
<'rnker's followers it would not be more
strange, more repugnant than this ac
tion of Judge Maguire.
Not even Judge Maguire, who has a
happy faculty of taking credit to him
self from the acts and utterances of
others, could consider Mr. McEwen's
denunciation in the light of a compli
ment. It will be interesting to note
what the talented writer will have to
Bay of Maguire now that he has been
imported from the East to boom the
single taxer's candidacy.
Independent Republicans.
The Forty-first Assembly District In
dependent Club held a meeting at Dewey
Hall, corner of Francisco and Fill
more streets, last evening. Judge Carroll.
Henry H. Davis, Judge Graham, George
W. Collins, Edward Holland, John JLack
mann and Judge Kerrigan made short
speeches and were favorably received.
Colonel John H. Roberts spoke at length
in favor of the absent candidates, and
mentioned all the Republican candidates
fir £up<irvisors, and urged the election
of the entire board.
Charles L. Patton addressed the meet
ing and was received enthusiastically.
As h» ascended to the rostrum the band
played "Hail to the Chief." The cheer-
Ing lasted fully five minutes. After Mr.
Pattern's remarks Henry S. Martin made a
fhort address. The Forty-first will surely
?o r >v..rwhplmingly for Patton and the
Republican ticket
___^ADVERTISEM3NTS.
The Best
Medicine Money Can Buy
Is Hood's Sarsaparilla. It contains more
curative power, is prepared with greater
care by educated and experienced phar-
macists. It has the greatest sales and !
effects the greatest cures. It Is the
medicine you should take to purify your
blood and make yourself strong and i
healthy before colder weather comes.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Bold by druggists. $1; 6 for $5. Oet Hood's.
Ho-d'» Pills cure Indigestion. 25 cents. :
7':•;-,■...7 ':•;-,■... . - ■ ; . ,
Croker Clvb — it is the thing that fascinates — continues to be
the most prosperous institution in New York. Its colossal suc
cess has helped to swell his majesty's head to the point of burst
ing. Among the new members the name of Representative James
G. Maguire of California appears. This will astonish a good
many people in and out of Judge Maguire's State. Doubtless he
thought it safe to follow where Senator Jones of Arkansas, Chair
man of the Democratic National Committee, led; but the Sena
tor is a politician who deems it nise to seize every opportunity
to get a foothold in the enemy's country and do missionary work
for Bryan and silver. The Judge, however, is more than a poli
tician — more than a silver man — he is revered by the Single Tax
ers of the United States as one of the foremost disciples of
Henry George. That he should join the gang which crowds the
Fifth avenue shrine to do homage, social and political, to Boss
Croker, whom Henry George less than three months ago denounced
from the stump as a public enemy, a thief and all-round scoun
drel, whom he would, if elected do his best to put in stripes.
Were Henry George's son to apply for enrollment as one of
Croker's followers it would not be more strange, more repug
nant, than this action of Judge Maguire's. — Arthur McEwen.
JAMES G. MAGUIRE MAKING APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP
IN BOSS CROKER'S GOLD BUG CLUB AS DESCRIBED IN
ARTHUR McEWEN'S LETTER JANUARY 23, 1898.
UNION VETERANS ARE '
FOR REPUBLICANISM
Men of the Army and Navy League Speak
in Support of President
McKinley.
Metropolitan Hall Resounds With Thrilling Words of Pa
triotism From Men Who Fought for
Old Glory a Third of a
Century Ago.
Patriotism ran dot at Metropolitan Hall
last night, when the men of the Army and
Navy League of California, who fought
through the civil war, met to speak as
they had previously fought for Republi
canism and good government. The patri
otism was touched with sentiment as the
veterans told of the services rendered the
stars and stripes a third of a century ago,
and likened those services to the unselfish
dex-otion of the young men of this country
during the past year. Many well-known
men of the Grand Army of the Republic
graced the stage, while among the audi
tors were many who wore the well-known
emblem of the order. Speaker after
speaker reiterated the stirring sentiment:
"We have heard the long roll calling us
to arms and are falling in to defend the
Republican administration of President
McKinley, which has done so much for
America and for Americans.
Captain W. H. Seaxnana, commanler in
chief of the league, was introduced as
presiding officer. He said:
"Mr. Chairman, comrades, ladles and
gentlemen: This great meeting, as you
know, is held under the auspices of the
Army and Navy Republican League of
the State of California, This organization
is a compact political one, having within
its ranks nearly 6000 active working mem
bers, and I may say fairly represents
more than nine-tenths of the 15,000 ex-
Union veterans in the State, who with
their family connections will cast 20,000
votes at the coming election, place our
friend, Henry T. Gage, In the guberna
torial chair and save the State of Califor
nia to tbe Republican party,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29. 1898.
"It was my intention to have said a few
words to you regarding the efforts of a
prominent Democratic politician of Los
Angeles County, who recently brought an
action in the courts of that county to
disfranchise the inmates of the National
Home at Santa Monica because a ma
jority of our comrades there are Repub
licans and vote the Republican ticket.
This Democratic statesman is ambitious
to succeeed the Hon. Stephen M. "White
in the Senate of the United States should
by any possibility the Democratic ticket
be successful at the coming election, and
he knew perfectly well that to be con
sidered at all as a candidate it would be
necessary for him to have the backing
of the State legislative delegation from
his own county, and he also knew that it
was absolutely impossible for him to se
cure that delegation so long as the vete
rans at the National Home had a vote;
hence his attempt to rob them of their
citizenship and place them upon the plane
of common paupers. But by the decision
of an upright Judge that incident is
closed for the time being and our com
rades still vote.
"Comrades, grave responsibilities rest
upon you as citizens only less important
than those that rested upon you as sol^
diers of the republic, for you hold the val
ance of political power in the great State
of California; and if you do your duty
now as you did it then and are true to
your comrades, true to yourselves, and
vote as you fought, in the interests of
good government and for your own pro
tection, these Democratic statesnv?n who
are endeavoring to abridge your rights as |
American citizens will be permitted to re
main in private life, the Republican party
will be successful, State, Congressional,
county, municipal and, as far as the State
of California is concerned, the splendid
administration of your comrade, "William
McKinley, will be vindicated and sus
tained. Will you do it?"
At the conclusion of his remarks he in
troduced Eugene F. Loud, who spoke in
part as follows:
"A grave responsibility rests upon the
people of the United States at the present
time, the greatest in all the history of
the Union. This is the time when the old
soldier and the new divests himself of
partisanship and becomes a true patriotic
citizen. There are great questions thrust
upon us by the war which we hope Is
closed, and which will require diplomacy
and tact. Three months ago we could not
foresee the conditions now existing here.
In the spring we wanted to put a stop to
the sufferings of the people of Cuba and
remedy existing conditions there. Since
then we have taken the Philippines and
Porto Rico.
"This combination of parties commend
ed President McKinley and yet it con
demned the Republican party, which is a
part of him and unites with him In pass
ing wise resolutions. San Mateo voters
showed more sense than those of any
other county. They indorsed the nom
inations of the Republican party.
"They are inconsistent in commending
the President at all times and yet con
demning the Republican party for the
conduct of the war when it was in the
President's charge. Last spring journals
were urging McKinley on to Havana! On
to Havana! To that hotbed of death!
Had he sent an army of 100,000 men there
not 5000 of them would have returned
alive. They blame the suffering of the
men to the Republican party. War is
nothing but suffering under the best con
ditions.
"McKinley is to be congratulated for
holding Congress back three months. He
saved many lives. Much was said of the
charge of the Cuban, patriots. There was
only one charge of Cuban patriots, and
that was on Uncle Sam's commissary de
partment. There were not enough Ameri
can soldiers to drive them away from it.
We must caution the American people not
to be misled. We have a patriot at the
helm, and we must support his course.
We will not give him an antagonistic
Congress. We are really fighting the cam
paign of 1900 at the present time. We must
convey back to McKinley the glad tid
ings that we unite in support of him and
will give such a Republican majority as
this State has never seen before."
J. Wade McDonald of San Diego was
the" next speaker. He dwelt on war time
topics past and present, saying: " The
rifle and shotted cannon tf-ere the greatest
of all civilizers." He said the issues of
the campaign were: Shall the adminis
tration of McKinley be sustained by the
American people or shall the flag be low
ered from the great heights to which it
has been raised? Mr. McDonald went a
trifle astray at the close of his remarks.
He forgot himself, and was recommending
his auditors to vote for the wrong people.
He at once placed himself right, amid
much laughter. «v__, T „ „
While he was speaking Charles L. Pat
ton Republican candidate for Mayor, en
tered the hall and was escorted to a seat
on the platform. He was recognized at
once and the greeting he received was
enthusiastic. This was as nothing to the
demonstration tUflt greated bim when he
was Introduced as "the next Mayor of
San Francisco." He said: "The enthu
siasm with which I have been greeted
convinces me I have a good chance of be
ing the next Mayor of this city. Some
weeks since the Democrats were saying
no one could be found to run against Phe
lan. (A voice — Bosh!) They concede to
day that I have an equal chance. The
support is not altogether for me. but for
the splendid platform of the Republican
party. This gives to all the same privi
leges, treating both the rich and the poor
alike. There are no bosses between me
and the people."
Captain F. J. Cressey of Los Angeles. E.
S. Salomon, Judge A. J. Buckles of So
lano and Majoi T. H. Simpson also spoke.
The latter thrilled the audience with the
fervor of his patriotic oratory.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^o* It is altogether admirable
/fa when . a man, by i dint of
g/\^& sheer will, wrings ' a for-
/Zj4s^3 "*tune from niggardly
iffy 'f-fJHftv .^ circumstances. The
A^Sr Af^9Jj^ y-^. world is full
WUK MbrCaWkM^ of instances
lssK fii^^H^ .-. where" men
JgWjOlfrrvjf^ ' J have done this,
ilfcSo n_ • but never in
' JBSmy tmif history was this
EbW accomplished
' » £—5. jr^\ ■ j,. by a weak and
t-5 I^SLjS/ \ \IL unhealthy man.
J \f^Z>7/ y m *<£* Hi-health not
•■» 'V\ \\3f -J : only weakens
<r^nl. KiT yr every physical
JHyftj W-n t,f .function but cv-
/• JaS-i M \ CT y mental ac -
»7/ yk <-V } I ulty and every
* $kC TLi/)V»- /•^L^#*f - mora l quality. '
, B»*2l>-K£r If a man will
&^T&s**-§*tf!i '^y st °p and rpason
•^^^^^-k^^^^Tr for a moment,
■ he - does - not
have to be a physician to understand the
cause* of impure blood, or its far-reaching
effects. When a man's digestion is disor-
dered, his liver sluggish, his bowels inac-
tive, the blood is deprived of the proper
food elements, and the sluggish liver and
bowels supply in their place, the foulest
of poisons. The blood is the life-stream.
When it is full of foul -poisons, it carries
and deposits them in every organ and tis-
sue of the body. Bone, sinew, muscle, and
flesh-tissue, the brain cells and the ! nerve
fibres are all fed upon bad, poisonous food. \
Serious ill-health is bound to result. The
man is weakened in every fiber of his body.
He is weakened physically, mentally j »nd
morally. - He suffers : from ; sick . headache, ;
distress in stomach after meals, giddiness;
and drowsiness, loss of appetite and sleep,
bad taste in the mouth, shakiness in the
morning, and dullness throughput the day,
and lassitude and an indisposition to work.
Sooner or i later these conditions " develop
consumption, nervous prostration, malaria, ;
rheumatism, or some blood or skin disease.
Dr. Piece's Golden ~i Medical } Discovery is \
the best of all j known medicines for ambi-
tious, hard-working men and women. It is
the great blood-maker and flesh-builder.
It makes the appetite keen and hearty, and ;
the digestion and assimilation perfect," the j
liver active, the blood pure and rich, the ;
nerves steady, the . body vigorous and • the '
brain alert. Where there is also constipa-
tion Dr. Pierce s Pleasant Pellets should be !
used. • Both of these great medicines t are
jap Gala hv all medicine dealers. - ..
ADVEBTISEMENTS. * ;
coming— Thanksgiving, — fine table linens,
and guests; and courtesy;
are you preparing ? we're ready for you.
yesterday we advertised 100 suits
at $5.00 and 17 capes at $7.50; we
had a very busy afternoon in our
cloak department; what's left will
bring satisfaction to those who
come to-day.
there's our usual afternoon concert, 2 to 5 ;
dark room to try silks; parlor for ladies; nurse for
babies; be our guests — we want every visitor to feel
perfectly at home all over our big stores; remember,
we turn the lock at six o'clock.
no big adject/ in Hale's ads; but we do insist
everything shall be truthfully described, and plainly.
iuiiiO 6 dozen damask table i -noxir ladies' army blue kersey
ta.UJ.C7 cloths, all linen, fringed, I "»n cloth jacket, wide collar
nlntVlC colored borders, 2%, yards ! innlrotc box front, four fancy
OIUUIO. long, at Hale's, <T{ Tpr Jdt.lveLO. pearl buttons, dart
ijM.^nJ sleeves, lined with blue rhadame silk.
sizes, 32 to 38 :.::.:.:-::::: $8.50
•friKl^ a very large purchase, m ' . „ ■■_ ' x „
LcLUiC 72 inches wide, unbleach- perfect to the smallest detail.
Homoclr cd > an unusual offering,
UctlllctOlV* an( j a decidedly strong ... , . , . , - ii#
item, at Hales, per yard.. 'X X rich tan kersey jacket, close fitting
' _ ;_ _ _ jOC front, pearl buttons, round corners,
"■" ■"■ •"•••• •••••••••-• •-■••- ; - ; -. dart sleeves, coat collar, edges trim-
med rows of stitching, neat in finish,
underwear « h » dren ' a „,»„ - bound seams, sizes 32 to 40.. $10
linHprWPaP children s natu- 2SIU
UilUCl WCal ral gray merino »+'*w
linH<»T»tirippH underwear, jersey
Jualftv P an^ f fleeced bb 4 d irts 11 frtnch ladlPS> acket in blue and brown.
2»?i O «.iik hnnnrt front site ,^> en green and black, trimmed back and
neck, silk bound front, size \Qq front with fancy mohair braid, lined
lb throughout with silk rhadame. vel-
For larger sizes add 3c up. vet collar, wide box front, latest in
. cut, sizes 32 to 40 QM*5 7C
ladies' natural-gray wool, mixed un- ..... kblD./D
derwear, heavy quality and fleeced,
slightly imperfect; shirts jersey rib-
bed, crochet neck and front; pants to .-■'."./.
match, button on side, at CA- j
Hale's, iJV/V/ fflnvoc \\-wr just In from our New
■ * ,■::■; sluvca5 luvca UJU J York buyers. 50 dozen
AYTirfICC new real French kid
hnciamr that's a lot of hosi- DApioao. pique gloves— perfect
IlUbltJljf cry, 300 dozen— in fit— comes with 3 row embroidered
Qfifi Afx-jckn pairs— black cotton, and quirked fingers, colors black,
O\J\J UUiOU. fine quality. fast tan, mode, brown, gray, red, green,
color, seamless, spliced heels and navy, 'new blue and ox- ff"| pr/\
toes, for ladies, per pair lOf blood, per pair , «pI.JU
100 dozen children's black cotton hose
of fine combed Egyptian Maco cot- j J '/"
ton, narrow ribbed, garter top. high ! Jniinlr only dozen of them, ex-
spliced heels, double soles and toes, i "w^-n. ; tra large, 28x41 inches.
5.*.'...s .*.'.. . t .° .: :.. p ?r.. pa .' r ::::::::l6ic I towels. : SJSJ^S'™:" 15c
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
m&&t me* there-8 to 61
'"^^ FOR SHIRTS, UN-
/T%\ w DERWEAR, AND
ft" JrM MEN and BOYS>
\v M CLOTHING. •"%■•'.
We offer exceedingly low
prices and a large, fine stock.
Special values this week:
Royal Derby Ribbed Pure Wool Under-
wear, worth regularly $1 50- $1.00
this week, per garment *♦**•
Excellent values In fine Natural Fleece
. Underwear per garment. CjQ g-£g
Boys' nobby Top Coats, tan and dark
brown, an established value at CO f»Q
$s— this week. VWtUW
Boys' Three-Piece Suits, the best suits
ever offered for the mon- <Xj # g5
ey ••-••'{ T
Men's English Covert Cloth Overcoats
that have been selling for <JJ7 APi
$12 50— this week *P .' • m r*J'
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
An insurance and collection agent in Otsego County,
New York, constantly recommends Ripans Tabules to every-
body whom he suspects of suffering from dyspepsia, and taket
pleasure in relating his own expedience, as follows : " I have
been a sufferer from dyspepsia for a dozen years or more, and
have tried all kinds of medicines that were said to be good (or a
positive cure), but none of them afforded much relief. I hava
always been blessed with a keen appetite and have, perhaps, in-
dulged too heartily at times and suffered accordingly. Last
winter while traveling through an adjoining county I first
learned of Ripans Tabules, and was induced by a friend to try
them. They have done me a great deal of good, and I thinlc
that I have fair promise of a permanent cure. If I would b«
reeular about my meajs x^QW* I am sure I should be-well."
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS.
THE HANDSOME Al IRON . BARKENTJNE
RUTH
\LTXUj SAIL. ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR
" Kusiac. Ponape and ' Ruk, Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These islands
are situated, about half , way between Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. This
vessel will.be fitted with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity. will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful islands, of whose
wealth of resources so little Is known. For
round' trip, voyage about five months. $350.
. J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO..
: Owners, 14 Clay street, San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY:
nmiS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
•L Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours'.)
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
' I>r. P. JROSCGE 3IcKUL.TY,
26J£ Kenrny St., Ban Francisco, Cal.
E £1 ,
1 \SH&33O MARKET ST. S.F.SSgSr
MARKET ST. \SJ£>*2r
56
SATURDAY OCTOBER 29, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE,
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
' Telephone Main IS7*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montt> 1
65 cents. _______ !
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50 j
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (D. C.) OFFICE Riga* Houso 1
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay. !
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- 1
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 !
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh ■
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open ;
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENT*
Baldwin— "Prisoner of Zeuda."
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
CAlifornia Theater— "The Span of Life."
Alcazar— "May Blossom."
Morosco's— "Streets of New Tork."
Tlvoli— • 'Girofle-Girofla. 1 '
Orpheuin — Vaudeville.
Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
; la, corner Mason and Kddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville aud the Zoo.
Butro'a Baths — Swimming.
Cushion Tea— At 1919 California street.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium— Heinrich recitals, this aternoon.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Concert this afternoon.
Ingleside Coursing Park— Coursing.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
(jh-n Park— Mission Zoo, Sunday,
ftosenthal — Coming in December.
PHELAN'S ASSAULT ON THE SU
PREME COURT.
/"CONSIDERING the quality of his talk, Mayor
( Phelan talks too much. He is better in re-
pose. His recent attack on the Supreme Court
was not only in bad taste, but it showed the Mayor
to be narrow-minded, with a little soul, placing his
own ambitions above the statute, and his desire for
revenge before the dignity of the State's most august
tribunal. The Supreme Court interpreted the law,
Phelan did not like the interpretation and calls for
the defeat of two Judges who concurred in it and
who happen to be candidates for re-election. He
would have the voters work out at the polls his own
petty spite.
Mr. Phelan might have remembered that seven
Justices signed the decision which causes him pangs.
There was no dissent. Among these Justices were
representatives of both parties. There were men who,
learned in the law, have grown gray in the admin
istering of it, and have never before been even in
directly accused of pandering to a vicious element
nor of construing any point with particular reference
to the likes and dislikes of disputants. The vener
able Jackson Temple is a Democrat. He is a man
honored of 'all. Concerning his integrity there cannot
be and never has been question. Yet in his haste
the Mayor condemns the entire Supreme bench. He
could not well logically select any two, pronounce
them unfit, and not at the same time reflect upon the
standing of the others, for the others agreed with the
two.
The Mayor's grievance is over the defeat of his
action to oust the Board of Supervisors. He had
chosen a board so ineffectual and so corrupt that he
wished to be rid of it and have the privilege of nam
ing a new set. Just how pure his motives were need
not here be discussed, but he violated the law, pre
sumed on powers he did not possess, was deteated in
the scheme, and that the Supreme Court said he was
rightly defeated is a fact w r hich rankles, and in
spasms of discomfort he gives utterance to words,
words, words. This is his method of groaning. En
deavoring to assail certain members of the Supreme
Court, he has assailed them all. He ought to have
hefted the consequences in advance.
A FARCICAL PROCEEDING.
AT a meeting of the Board of Election Commis
sioners on Thursday, at which all the members
were present except Auditor Broderick, the
charges of improper and illegal registration made
against certain candidates for Supervisors by Regis
trar Biggy were read and summarily dismissed with
out further consideration.
The whole proceeding was farcical. As soon as the
citations were read Commissioner Block moved to
dismiss, and the motion was agreed to at once. There
was no discussion beyond a statement on the part of
some of the Commissioners that the parties accused
had evidently no intention to violate the law.
The charges against the colonizing nominees was
not that they intended to violate the law, but that
they did violate it. Had the Commissioners con
ducted an examination they would have found that
the violation had been unmistakably made. It was for
that reason the question was set aside hurriedly and
the citations dismissed without discussion.
For an understanding of the farce it is necessary for
the people to remember that among the nominees
cited by Registrar Biggy were five candidates for the
Board of Supervisors who had made the improper
registration at the solicitation of Mayor Phelan or his
backers, and that a majority of the' Board of Elec
tion Commissioners is made up of Mayor Phelan, Tax
Collector Block and City Attorney Gallagher.
Commissioner Block, who as Tax Collector has
been shown to be guilty of stuffing the military rolls
with the names of all classes and kinds of persons
from Chinamen to dead men, moved to dismiss the
charges. Commissioner Phelan, who prompted
the accused to commit the false registration,
and City and County Attorney Gallagher, one of
the Gallagher Maguires, voted to si.stain the dis
missal. What else could have been expected from
such a board in such a case? The only recourse for
justice is the appeal to the people on election day.
An Examiner artist has made the important dis
covery that Charles L. Patton has whiskers. Yet
there are those who think that paper has accom
plished nothing for its side of the contest during the
campaign.
The German Chancellor has just sold 150,000 acres
of land. Possibly he found the task of keeping
cockle-burrs off so large a farm too great a task for
him, as he is getting pretty old.
"Manhood," exclaims an inspired Hearstling," is
In the balance." So it Is. And manhood objects to
having ■ Hearstling hold the scales. He would
trifle with the weight*.
MAGUIRE'S NEXT FRIEND BARRY.
JUDGE MAGUIRE has recently appealed to
the people of the Fourth District to elect his
next friend, Mr. Barry, to Congress.
This great commercial city should consider well its
interests when it comes to elect a Congressman to
represent it. Mr. Barry is not fitted in any respect
for such duties as fall to a Representative in Con
gress.
His habit of reckless denunciation of men and
measures is not a habit that implies influence over
the judgment of others, which a Congressman must
have to be useful to his constituents.
Last February De Lome, the Spanish Minister at
Washington, was detected in the writing and send
ing of a letter abusive of President McKinley. The |
language used toward the President in that letter was j
grossly abusive.
Barry, in his Star of February 12, indorsed De J
Lome in the following editorial:
"The press has, by some unrevealed means,
obtained a private letter from Spanish Minister
de Lome to a Spanish agent, in which he charac
terized the President as 'weak and catering to the
rabble, a low politician who desires to leave a door
open to me and at the same time to stand well with
the jingoes of his party.' Senor de Lome has cor
rectly outlined the President's character. It is
unfortunate for him as a diplomat that he knows
how to tell unwelcome truth."
Do the people of this city want the man who wrote
that for their representative in Congress?
The Spaniard violated diplomatic decency by insult
ing President McKinley, and was sent home for the
offense. Do American citizens propose now to elect j
to Congress a jack-Spaniard who disgraced Ameri
can citizenship by publicly indorsing De Lome's in
sult?
If they do, they appear as approving the conduct of
De Lome, as admitting that the American people
have elected a "low politician" to the Presidency,
and San Francisco will appear in Congress as vindi
cating the Spaniard and inviting others in like po
sition to insult the President of the United States
with their approval. There are some things upon j
which men of all parties are agreed. The respectful j
treatment of the President by foreign representatives |
is one of those things.
\Ye can imagine no more unfortunate thing for San
Francisco than to indorse De Lome by indorsing
Barry. It is not a question of party, but of patriotism.
If a party nominate a man guilty of conduct so in
sultingly unAmerican, its honorable and high-minded
members should resent it by his defeat.
Barry is begging for Republicans to support him.
Do they have the same opinion of President Mc-
Kinley that De Lome expressed and Barry indorsed?
If they do. their support of Barry will be legitimate
and proper. But we say in all soberness and calm
ness that Barry's offense against his country in in
dorsing De Lome differs only in degree and not in
kind from an indorsement of the President's murder
if the Spaniard had knifed him in the White House.
What influence can such a man have in an Ameri
can Congress? What can he do beneficial to this
great city, which needs so much?
Surely men must be either indifferent to their in
terfsts or frenzied by fanaticism if they support a
man who has so outlawed himself from every legiti
mate sentiment of American patriotism.
REDEEMING THE SEVENTH DISTRICT.
REPORTS from the Seventh Congressioir i Dis
trict show that the Republicans are making an
earnest and aggressive campaign against the
fusion forces of iree trade, fiat money and general dis
content. They are resolved that their next Representa
tive in Congress shall be a supporter of the adminis
tration, an upholder of the great Republican policies
upon whose maintenance the welfare of the industries
of the district is largely independent.
In making the fight the rank and file of the party
have the satisfaction of knowing they are ably and
vigorously led. In fact, it is apparent that in nomi
nating J. C. Needham of Modesto as the Congres
sional candidate of the party the Republicans
"named a winner." He has succeeded in arousing
the enthusiasm of the members of his own party, he
has the favor of the independents, and, accordingly,
is increasing in strength every day.
The strength which Mr. Needham has developed in
the campaign has not been a surprise to his friends
or to the people of his district, among whom he has
long been a notable man. He is still young, being
but 34 years of age, but his career has been steadily
upward from the start, and for a long time past he
has been looked upon as one of the leaders of that
section of the State.
Mr. Needham is a typical Californian. He was
born in an emigrant wagon at Carson, Nev., while
his parents were making their way to California. His
early life, like that of so many successful Americans,
was spent on a farm. Ambitious of supplementing
his common school education by a collegiate course,
he passed his vacations in the work of the harvest
fields to earn money, and devoted his evenings to
study. In due time he entered the law college of the
University of Michigan, and there took rank among
the brightest students.
After graduation he settled in Modesto and began
the practice of law. In a comparatively short time he
rose to a high position at the bar, and was intrusted
with much of the most important litigation of the
district. He soon made himself known not only as
an able and efficient advocate and counselor at law,
but as a man of sterling integrity and of marked
ability for leadership.
Having a public-spirited regard for the affairs of
the State and of the nation as well as for his own
fortunes, he early took an interest in politics. He
first showed his vigor as a campaigner when as a
candidate for the State Senate he heavily reduced the
usual overwhelming Democratic majorities of the
district. Further proofs of his abilities and zeal in
political issues were given by his services as chair
man of the Republican County Central Committee,
as member of the State Central Committee, and by
his work as a speaker and campaigner in every elec
tion since he arrived at man's estate.
With a leader of this quality and approved worth
to direct the struggle, and with every incentive of
patriotism and intelligent self-interest to animate
them, the Republicans of the Seventh feel that they
are making a winning fight. The great mass of the
people are in favor of sustaining the administration,
and the voters of the Seventh will send to Congress
a man who will help the Government to deal with
the problem? before it. instead of fighting it as the
fusion candidate would An if elected.
AS BOSTON SEES IT.
BOSTON, through the medium of the Herald
of that city, has been giving the Eastern sec
tion of the country, and possibly Europe, an
account of the political campaign in this State. It
is an account that merits reading in San Francisco,
partly that we may see ourselves as others see us, but
mainly because of the picturesque variety of Bos
tonian notions contained in it.
The Herald begins accurately enough by saying
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
the Democratic party in California has nominated as
its candidate for Governor James G. Maguire, of
whom it says: "He is one of the most pronounced
j adherents of the single tax theory of the late Henry
J George, and it is upon this basis he has been nomi
! nated, and upon this issue his campaign is being
fought."
From that point the Bostonian variations upon the
theme follow with rapidity and with brilliance. The
Herald goes on: "California has been for the last
thirty years a land of monopolies, and monopoly on
the part of land-owners who have held real estate for
the purpose of securing the unearned increment has
been one of the heaviest burdens that the Stale and
the people have been called upon to bear. Judge
Maguire makes his professions of tax reform without
any qualification whatsoever, and he hopes to be able
to have elected with him at the same time a suffi
cient number of Senators and Representatives to con
trol the State Legislature, and in this way make prac
tical the reforms he is advocating."
It is difficult to decide whether in that passage the
credit for exceptional vivacity of imagination is to be
given to the portion which depicts the sparsely pop
ulated land of California as being in the hands of
monopolists, or to that which declares the shifting.
evasive, dodging Maguire is making professions of
the single tax without any qualification whatever.
It is not worth while to stop, however, to consider
that point. New variations follow of even greater
dash and sparkle. Describing the character of the
opposing forces in the contest the Herald says: "'The
supporters of the Democratic ticket in California are
the Populist Republicans — that is, those Republicans
who believe the regular Republican party is under the
control of syndicates, railroads and other great
corporations — and the California socialists." It will
be conceded that this creation of such a body of
voters as "Populist Republicans" is about as good as
would be the painting of a white blackbird, but there
is better to come.
The supreme stroke of Boston genius is reached in
this briljiant passage: "The Republican ticket is
supported not only by the regular Republicans, but
by a determined, if not numerous, body of anarchists,
who appear to see in the possible election of Judge
Maguire the success of a movement to place larger
and more important functions upon the Government,
when in their (the anarchists') opinion government
should be deprived of all of its functions, or, in other
words, as a controlling power should cease to exist."
When after this review of our affairs the Herald
closes by saying, "The campaign in California is thus
carried on upon a local basis, but on issues that are
worldwide in their character." w*e feel that we can
say without slang, "Well, we should smile."
WE observe with pain that our esteemed con
temporary, The Non-Partisan, edited and pub
lished by the conductor of the late lamented
Bulletin, at the outset of its career is practicing yel
low politics. We find in volume i, No. i, of our con
temporary the following remarkable specimen of
political rot:
The corporations, bosses, boodlers and "push"
generally appear to be a strong combination, but, on
a liberal estimate, from seven to eight thousand
votes are all that may be credited to that combina
tion. We ask the question, Will the fifty thousand
or more honest, intelligent voters and taxpayers
submit to being ruled by this association of villan
ies, or will they rise in their might and crush out
the dastardly attempt that is being made by the
bosses to stand up this city and plunder it at their
pleasure? Citizens of San Francisco, what say you?
Will you, through Inflifferi-nof and neglect of your
civic obligations, make possible such a condition, or
will you rally to protect the fair fame and best in
terests of San Francisco?
This reads exactly like an ante-election effusion in
an "anti-railroad" Democratic organ. Of course
we do not suspect our esteemed contemporary, The
Xon-Partisan, of any such motive as actuates Dem
ocratic organs in shouting about the bosses, and yet
it is doing politics in the same way and is publishing
the same character of matter. What construction the
peopie will place upon the utterances of a political
newspaper which opens its campaign with such in
sufferable blather as we have quoted remains to be
seen. They may not be as charitable as we are.
In connection with this subject, however, it is per
tinent to address the esteemed Non-Partisan a few
questions. Of the fifty-three candidates who are re
ceiving its support thirty-seven are Democrats who
have been nominated by a committee appointed by
James D. Phelan. Is our contemporary aware of the
fact that all or nearly all of these men have promised
in the event of their election to give their patronage
to Phelan? Can it be possible that the fact has es
caped our contemporary's attention that this patron
age will, if secured, make Phelan the most powerful
political boss the city has ever had? What does our
contemporary mean by referring to the other bosses
in warning tones while actually assisting Boss
Phelan's ambition to eclipse all bosses in political
power?
The Non-Partisan is vigorously supporting sub
stantially the entire Phelan ticket. True, it has a
few Republicans on its list, but they have been named
mostly for unimportant offices. The Board of Su
pervisors with its vast powers, the patronage offices
with their tremendous influence, and the judiciary
with its great strength, have all been turned over to
Phelan and his crowd of autocrats, Fay, Me Nab,
Popper and Braunhart. Does our contemporary
think this is going to promote good government?
As we understand, the objection to bossism con
sists in the fact that it concentrates in the hands of
a single man the power to control the powers of
taxation and disbursement. This leads to corruption,
for the reason that it is human nature to waste and
misappropriate that which belongs to others. What
does The Non-Partisan mean by supporting a scheme
designed to bring this condition about, and which
will place the people of San Francisco at the mercy
of Boss Phelan? Does it think him a saint?
We address our contemporary these questions in
no spirit of idle banter. The Republicans of this city
who have heretofore supported non-partisan move
ments and who are now asked by Deacon Fitch to
vote the Phelan ticket are entitled to have them
answered. The Non-Partisan need not expect them
to vote for its candidates this year unless it justifies
its extraordinary course.
One reason for not attaching importance to the
interview with George Crocker is that it was pub
lished in a paper of such character that the publica
tion constitutes no evidence that the interview ever
occurred.
Populism is not only dead out here, but it did not
experience a pleasing taking off. To be smothered
in the cesspool of Democratic corruption must be a
hard method of departing this life.
«
As the campaign advances there is a growing be
lief that a man may wear a silk tat and not have un
der it the quality of brains a Mayor really needs.
If necessity arises for thrashing the Cuban in
surgents, your Uncle Samuel has all the men and
material at command.
PERTINENT QUESTIONS.
THE NIGGErIn THE WOODPILE.
NUMBER SEVEN.
To the Editor of The Call: The power of th, people may be _ used
against the people. This is the dominant note of our system. It s the
cause of all our political institutions. We divide nower because *c are
jealous of power. The true menace to the plain citizen, to you and to me
is not the boss who shares his power with half a dozen other bosses, but
the big boss that may own them all. ,n, n .
The reason why the power given by the people may be used against
the people arises from a very fundamental fact in human nature. TV c are
all looking out for our own interests. Your concern in politics and mine arises
from the desire to protect ourselves. The politician draws a salary, of
course, to benefit his country. He sacrifices himself on the altar of patriot
ism for more than he could earn at any other avocation. We all understand
the value of those statements. Plain people like you and me are birds too
old to be caught with chaff.
One man goes into politics because he can draw a salary from the office
for which he seeks. Another man goes into politics because he is promised
an office by the friend for whom he works. A third man aims for School
Director because he has a big family of girls and he wants to unload them
on the school department. We all understand these motives. Plain peo
ple especially take them for granted. We are made of very plain clay
ourselves and we don't think the Almighty used up all the fine variety in
making politicians.
WHEN A MAN HAS POWER
He naturally uses it to advance his own interests. The Supervisors will
stand by those who stand by them. The Sheriff will give offices to those who
have helped him. The Assessor will not be too scrupulous when it comes
to the valuation of the property of those who have done him a service. This
is a law of human nature, and plain people like you and me are not In the
business of reforming human nature, but of making the best terms we can
with it.
This is the reason why the founders of the republic were so particular
about dividing power. Whenever power is used for the special benefit of
an individual the people are injured. Now there is a constant temptation
present with officials to use political power for their own benefit. The
more power they have the greater the temptation. Therefore the fathers
cut down the force of the temptation by cutting down the power.
Whenever, therefore, we see a man in politics we naturally ask, "What
is he after?" When we find a man grasping, after the control of officials
we inquire, "What has he in view?" When we see that this monopoliza
tion of power is planned on a splendid scale we say. "Surely there must
be a big prize at stake."
MR. PHELAN TELLS US THAT THE BIG PRIZE
Is good government. He says, "I cannot be accused of sordid motives for
I am rich beyond the dreams of avarice. Other bosses have to steal to
get rich; I am so rich that I do not need to steal. Don't believe what you
hear about interested motives. All that may be true of all other men and of
all other times. I am an exception. I have no thought nor wish, no ambi
tion but to give you good government."
Among the chief enemies of good government Mr. Phelan places the
corporations. The plain citizen has no love for corporations unless we
chance to hold a few shares In them or have our money in their bonds.
Then, of course, we may have interest enough in them to find out just
what they are. But you and I are not usually bound by such investments
an 1 we consider corporations merely as things without bodies to be kicked
or souls to be damned. Hence the cry against corporations is a popular
cry. You and I take it up with great gusto and derive much satisfaction
therefrom.
"VVE ARE PARTICULARLY SOUR ON CORPORATIONS
That levy direct taxes on us. Every day we have to pay our nickel or
two to the street cars, every month we have to hand over our coin to the
water company or the gas concern. Direct taxes are always unpopular. In
olden times the tax gatherers did not enjoy the favor of the multitude.
"Publicans and sinners" was the common collocation, and it was not flat
tering. But the idea has survived to our day, only now it might be word
ed, "Corporations and sinners."
But if we take the trouble to examine the composition of these corpora
tions we shall find they are nearly all run by very rich men. The Southern
Pacific Company has been breeding millionaires since it started, and the
directorate of the water company and gas concern is composed of persons
whose estates are as large if not larger than Mr. Phelan's.
Now Mr. Phelan says all these corporations are in politics, and Mr. Phe
lan is an honorable man. By that, of course, he means that these rich men
are politicians. Certainly they are rich beyond the dreams of avarice,
hence they cannot have sordid motives. Other people may go into poli
tics to get rich; certain not the millionaires who have almost reached the
saturation point. They are so wealthy that they can hardly get any
richer. Therefore, if we are to judge them and Mr. Phelan by the one
measure, and Mr. Phelan cannot ask otherwise from plain people like us,
these corporations must be in politics simply and solely because they are
consumed with the desire to give the people good government.
BUT YOU AND I WHO ARE PLAIN PEOPLE
Have thoughts of our own, because we see and mark what goes on about
us. Men who are very rich have oftentimes more trouble in keeping their
riches than in making them. Great estates and wealthy corporations are
shining marks for those who live upon others. We know how politicians
have levied tribute upon such institutions, and when we loudly blame
them for corrupting politics we often say to ourselves that the bribe was
as often given to preserve a right as to perpetrate a wrong. Hence cor
porations are not in politics merely for good, government, but to protect
their interests. These interests are so great that a change that we would
not feel might bankrupt them or double their fortune. Where we pay one
dollar they pay a hundred thousand. Therefore, if they would preserve
their wealth they must keep an eagle eye on the politicians and be ever on
the alert to defend themselves, or to obtain control. .
BUT MR. JAMES D. PHELAN IS NO INCONSIDERABLE CORPORA
TION
Himself. No one knows the exact value of the Phelan estate even in this
city, but every one knows it is enormous. That estate is Just as sensitive
as the estates of corporations to the fluctuations of politics. A cent more
on the tax levy means little to you and me; it means hundreds of thousands
f .I. .liars to the Phelan estate. There can be but little fluctuation in the
value of our holdings, but a complaisant Assessor might make quite a dif
ference in the value of Mr. Phelan's property. it is said that Mr Phe
lan once upon a time made statements to an Assessor about his father's
wealth which were not perhaps considered with sufficient exactitude before
he made them. Of course the of his estate may be a secondary
consideration altogether with Mr. I helan in his desire to give us good gov
ernment. But the ordinary citizen that >s, you and I. may well be excused
if we ask ourselves why is he so blamed particular about having his own
Assessor? Yours truly, A PLAIN CITIZEN.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Rnnpn Talmts, a prominent Japanese
merchant. Is at the Palace.
F. L. Wooster, a well known mining
man of Sonora, is at the Lick.
F. A. Hihn. a Santa Cruz capitalist, Is
a recent arrival at the Occidental.
E. C. Farnsworth. a prominent Vlsalia
attorney, is registered at the Lick.
E. P. McCormick, a well known mining
man of Salem, Or., is at the Palace.
Charles E. Hammerquest, a large New
York merchant, is at the Occidental.
A. N. Butts, a well known mining man
of Los Angeles, is at the Occidental.
Carl E. Lindsay, City and County At
torney of Santa Cruz, Is at the Grand.
George W. Patterson, a prominent
Stockton lawyer, is stopping at the
Grand.
A. B. Wood, a prominent mining man of
Detroit, is among the late arrivals at the
Palace.
C. K. McClatchy, one of Sacramento's
best known newspaper men, is a guest at
the Lick.
Captain M. A. Morse, a well known
steamboat man. is registered at the Pal
ace from British Columbia.
"W. F. Peterson, a large confectioner of
Sacramento, and also president of the
Pacific Coast Travelers' Association, is at
the Grand.
Rev. H. F. Rowe and wife of New
York, en route for Japan, where they will
engage in missionary work, are stopping
at the Occidental.
The following young missionaries, reg
istered at the Occidental, will sail on the
Doric to-day for the Orient: Miss J. O.
Paine and Miss F. Hinds, for Seoul,
Korea; Miss J. D. Longstreet and Miss E.
M. Glenk, for Fuchau, China, and Miss
G. F. Munn, for Shanghai.
G. S. Hem, London manager of the Lon
don and San Francisco Bank, making his
first visit to this city, is at the Palace.
"I am making the trip," he said yester
day, "to inspect the resources of this
coast and to make myself personally ac
quainted with our various branches. I
anticipate very prosperous times for the
next few years from the development of
the trade connections with China, Russia
and Siberia on the one hand and with our
new colonies on the other. As regards an
Anglo-American alliance, I am much
pleased with the idea." Mr. Hem will re
turn to London about January 1.
« ♦ «
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TOBK, Oct. 28.— Mrs. S. Tripp of
San Diego Is at the Fifth Avenue. Claus
Spreckels and family are at the Hoff
mann.
Mark Strouse's Will.
The will of Mark Strouse was admitted
to probate yesterday by Judge Troutt,
and letters testamentary were ordered is
sued to the executors named in the will,
Emilie Strouse, widow of the deceased,
Simon Silverberg and Myer Branden
steln.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PHELAN'S GRADUATION-H. H. C.
J., City. James D. Phelan did not gradu
ate from the University of California.
THE TWO FITZGERALDS— Several
Voters, City. W. F. Fitzgerald and E. L.
Fitzgerald, candidates for office, are not
relatives.
FRANCE AND GERMANY— J. B. Q.,
SaiiFalito. Cal. The latest figures as to
population give France 38,517,475 and Ger
many 52,246,539.
FOR PLACE-G. Z., Knob. Shasta
County, Cal. If a man bets for place on
a race, and the horse he bets on comes in
first, the man wins his bet; if he buys a
ticket for place and the horse wins he' can
collect his ticket.
THE PRESIDENT-H. S., Oakland,
Cal. There is nothing in the constitution
of the United States which says that the
President of the United States shall not
go outside of the limits of the Union dur
ing his term of office. There is nothing
in the United States statutes on the sub
ject.
A BROTHER IN THE CAVALRY—
Miss S. H., City. If your brother Is in a
troop of cavalry at Manila and you have
not heard of him for a long time ad
dress a letter of inquiry to the captain of
the troop in which he enlisted. Direct
the letter to the captain of the troop
giving the letter of the troop and the
regiment, Manila, Philippine Islands
ARMY CANTEENS— P., Petaluma, and
F. 8., Newark, Cal. There is no saloon
at Fort Point, the receipts of which are
applied to the maintenance of the sol
diers there located.
An army canteen is a place at a post
where beer, sodi, pinger ale and the like
and cake, bread and sandwiches are sold
and the profits divided at the end of the
month between the companies that con
tribute to the expense of maintaining it.
The Government does not sell liquor to
soldiers as a beverage.
FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR— J. B. G.,
Sausalito, Cal. The strength of the
French army at the breaking out of the
Franco-Prussian war was 427,000, with a
reserve of 87,000; that of Germany was ;
447,000. with a first reserve of 188,000 and a i
second reserve of 225,000. The cost of the
war to France was: War expenses,
1.315.000.000 francs; indemnity to Germany,
5,315,000,000 francs; sustenance of German ;
troops, 340,000,000 francs; loss of revenue
during the war and of revenue of Alsace
and Lorraine, 2.024,000,000 francs; recon- '
struction of war material, 2.144,000,000
francs; military pensions, etc., 1,314,000,000
francs. Total, 13.939.000,000 francs.
HALLOWEEN CUSTOMS— E. L. 8.,
: Belmont, R. R., Haywards, Cal. In Ire- i
I land, when young women want to know I
| If lovers are faithful, they, on AH Hal- j
low'een, place three nuts on the bars of I
a grate, naming each after the lovers, j
If the nut cracks or jumps the lover will ;
j prove unfaithful; if it begins to burn or j
I blaze, he has a regard for the one mak- i
| ing the trial. If the nuts named after i
the girl and her lover burn together they
will be married.
A stick is hung horizontally by a string
j from some point overhead and an apple |
is placed at one end and a piece of i
lighted candle at the other. The stick is
twirled and the young people leap to |
catch the apple with their teeth. Some
times they catch the candle.
« The grand oport is to put a number of
apples in a tub of water and have the
young folks duck for them, and brln
them up with their teeth, as hands ar*
not allowed. .  ,
In Scotland young people go out blind
folded in the kail yard and pull up the
first kail he or she touches. As the kail
is bitf or little, or straight or crooked, so
shall be the future partner for life of
the one pulling it. The quantity of earta
-dirking to the root shows comparatively
the wealth of the opposite party.
Three dishes are ranged on the hearth,
one containing clean water, another
muddy water and the third is empty. The
young people, blindfolded, are led to the
hearth and they feel for the dishes. If
the clean water is touched by a man he
will marry a maiden; if by a maiden sh?
will marry one never before married: if
either touch the muddy water, then it is
either widow or widower for a partner;
if the empty dish is touched it is a case
of bachelor or old maid.
Eat an apple before a looking glass ana
see the face of the lover.
ARTIST DIXON SCORES
A MARKED SUCCESS
HIS VOLUNTEER CALENDAR
THE HIT OF THE SEASON.
Depict 3 the Citizen Soldier in Action
and Repose as No One Else
Has Shown Him.
The hit of the season has been scored
by L. Maynard Dlxon, a member of 'j..ie
Call art staff. -His United States Volun
teer Calendar for 1899 is pronounced one
of the most notable artistic productions
of its character of the present year. It
deals with the volunteer soldier, and de
picts him in various guises.
Dixon, who is a mere youth in years,
has the heaven-given gift of genius. ius
results are gained in broad effects, as
though drawn by a man brought up out
of doors. He is a protege of William
Doxey. who has done so much to develop
the genius in the young artists and young
writers of the Pacific Coast.
Dixon has caught the spirit and the
movement of the citizen soldiery. Tne
cover shows a soldier and an officer. Both
are full of action. The first page shows
a volunteer apparently on his way to a
transport ship. He is accompanied by a
young woman. One can almost hear the
swish of her skirts, so lifelike does sue
stand out from the page. Others show
the young volunteers in action. A touch
of pathos is added by a scene showing a
man wearing the well-known emblem or
the Red Cross rendering aid to a wounded
Spaniard, although himself wounded.
Mr Dixon is at present enjoying a short
vacation, but will soon return to his duties
on the art staff of The Call.
WILL OF WILLIAM EDE.
Entire Estate Bequeathed to the
"Widow, Son and Daughter of
the Testator.
The will of "William Ede, the wealthy
contractor, who died on the 25th inst.,
was filed for probate yesterday. The in
strument which is olographic and bears
date of December 22, 1884, bequeaths the
entire estate of the deceased to Catherine
Ede his widow, William Ede, a son, and
Clara Louisa Ede, a daughter, share and
share alike. Mrs. Ede is appointed exec
utrix of the will and guardian of the per
sons and estates of her children, to
serve without bonds.
The estate of the testator conveyed by
the will, which consists of real and per
sonal property, only amounts to $300,000,
he having conveyed real property to his
heirs, valued at $550,000, just prior to bis
death.
Improving Precita Valley.
The section over which the Islais Creek
bed had run In former years is now be
ing reclaimed, so to speak, and converted
into neat homesteads for the thrifty set
tlers who purchased property in that
neighborhood years ago. Army street,
which runs in the center of the plat of
the bed of the creek, will have an elec
tric car line in the course of a few
months, while another line will run on
Precita avenue on south. To connect
these two thoroughfares with the princi
pal streets running north and south the
club has had contracts entered into to
have Harrison, Alabama. Florida, Bry
ant York and Hampshire streets gradfi
and filled in from Twenty-fourth to Pre
cita avenue. With this end of the job
finished and Bernal Park filled in and or
namented the valley will be an ideal
spot The?e improvements are due to the
efforts of the Precita Valley Improvement
Club.
THE BEST OF HTTMOR.
"De bigges' danger 'bout dis hyah busi
ness." soliloquized the nocturnal visitor to
the hen coop, "am de man behind de
gun."— Puck.
"What a lot of black feathers Penelope
wears in her hat." ... 
"Yes; she is engaged to an undertaker.
Chicago News.
Manager— What became of that popular
song you wrote?
His Friend— A soubrette murdered it.—
New York Evening Journal.
"The living skeleton objects to playing
the second riddle and sitting at the end of
the platform," said Fatima.
■'There's no fiddle about it," replied the
Circassian beauty: "he's the bones."—
Philadelphia Bulletin.
"The Binkses must buy every thlngr on
the installment plan."
••What makes you think so?"
"I heard Jimmy Binks ask hie father
whether their new baby would be taken
nwav if they couldn't keep up the pay
ments."— Chicagoßecord^
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
Soft baby cream, 15c lb. Townsend's. •
Send your Eastern friends Townsend's
California glace fruits, 50c rb., in _ fire
etched boxes. 627 Market St., Palace bldg. -
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"You say he is not a litterateur."
"Yes." ■ ■ *
"How do you know he isn't?"
"He is able to sell what he writes. '—
Chicago Post. .
Through Tourist Car to St. PauL
This car la nicely upholstered In . leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Ooe*
via Shasta route and Northern Paclflo Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler. general agent. 638 Market St.,
San Francisco.
■♦■ . • .
Angostura Bitters, the great regulator of th«
digestive organs. Get the genuine. Dr. Sle
gert'B, Imported from South America.
"No." said the bedizened general, "It is
unnecessary for me to make any state
ment. Everybody knows what I stand
for."
"Yes," hissed the aid beneath his bate.2
breath, "the photographer."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. " :sgg£&£ _^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
. BOVAt BAKINO POWOCW 00., HIW VOW.OVERDUE SHIPS
DECEIVE THE
UNDERWRITERS
Two of the Reinsured
Reach Port.
A NEW MILITARY CABLE
IT WILL CONNECT ATT. THE
POSTS ON THE BAY.
The Whaling Bark Charles W. Mor
gan Arrives From the Okhotsk
Sea After a Successful
Cruise.
Another fleet of vessels got in last night.
Nearly all of them reached the Golden.
Gate at an ea.tiy hour, but they would
not accept a. tow as the captains thought
they could sail in. The wind fell light,
however, and after a vuin attempt ax
bi.-u.ting-, the masters gave in about 3:30
p. m. and accepted the services of tugs.
The British ship Falls of Halladale, which
has been outside for nearly a week took
a. tow early in the game and reached an
anchorage during the morning. The
French bark Duchess Anne, seventy-three
uays from Hongkong, the brig Consuelo
from Mahukona, H. 1., the bark Harry
Morse from Seattle and the whaling bark
Charles \Y. Morgan from a cruise In Ok
hotsk Stu were among those which tried
to sail in.
U. T. McMillan, a sailor on the Falls of
Halladale, died on October 13, and was
LurK-d at sea. The poor fellow wanted to
die ashore, and held out until land was
sighted and then succumbed.
The Duchess Anne was so long in mak
ing the journey from China that fears
entertained for her safety. At one
time 30 per cent was paid to reinsure her
c j the gamblers have made another lucky
haul. In this connection the "Bank" line
oi vessels do not seem to be. favorites with
the underwriters. The Duchess Anne was
;y-three days coming here from
Hongkong, and only 20 per cent was paid
on her, while 50 per cent was paid yester
day on the Laurelbank, now out fifty-six
days from Shanghai for Astoria. On the
Sspringbank, which arrived here from
Newcastle, N. S. W., on October IS, after
an average passage, S per cent reinsur
ance was paid, and on the Comliebank,
14* days from Port Townsend for Eng
land, 10 per cent .Was offered and paid
just prior to her arrival yesterday.
The Charles W*. Morgan had a fairly
brings back 1300
barrels of sperm oil, 100 barrels of whale
oil and -AK> pounds of bone. On Septem
ber 7 she was caught in a heavy gale In
the Okhotsk Sea. Her starboard bul
warks and rail wore stove in and two of
the . starboard boats were curried away.
On August 19 the whaling bark California
was spoki d with 740 barrels, and the
Horatio with S4O barrels of oil.
The ship Roanoke arrived at New York
from San Francisco yesterday, and about
the same time the steamer Roanoke ar
rived in San Francisco from Sea'tle. The
latter vessel has been chartered by the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company to
carry wheat from the Sound. The ship
made a smart passage of 102 days from
here. On September 10 she was caught
in a gale in the Southern Pacific. A big
sea which broke aboard stove in the
Wheelheuse and flooded the cabin. A week
later, when off the River Platte, another
gale blew the foresail, the fore and lower
topsails and the jigger staysail.
British ship Galena has been or
to Astoria. About ten days ago
1 discharging her inward cargo
at Howard-street wharf, and as there was
no charter in sight Captain Blair took
her over to Sausalito and laid her up.
A few days ago the order came to pro
ceed to Astoria, so the vessel has been
a wall and will start
up the coast to-morrow.
The Harbor Republican dun had a most
enthusiastic meeting in Pastene Hall last
night A gathering of fully 500 voters were
by Julius Kahn, W. G. Leale.
J. li. Carson, Dr. H. Gedge, John D. Siebe,
Charles Laumeister, W. A. Deane, George
W. Root and others. Captain Leale roast
til th-> Examiner for its lying attack upon
Judge Van Fle^t, and Chief Wharfinger
Root spoke principally upon the honor
able manner In which the Republican
campaign was being carried on. Julius
Kahn made a very able speech. All the
candidates were cheered.
Island, Angel Island, Alcatraz,
Lime Point. Fort Point and Fort Mason
i be connected with a cable. The
shore ends will land at the foot of Clay
street and at Fort Point, the other con
ns being made on land. Colonel
Creen. U. S. A., who was with General
Shafter in Cuba, Is now in the city and
.o matter in charge. He was on the
front yesterday and had a chat with As
.: rhief Wharfinger - to the
landing the Goat Island
■ f the cable. Mr. Scott took him
of Clay-street wharf and point
ed out the other cable landings, and then
Colonel Green came to the conclusion
-nment lino should land
there also. Once the cable is laid all the
military stations around the bay will be
in direct communication with army head-
Perry Repar, an electrician living at
Larkspur, jumped off a Castro-street car,
near the ferries yesterday, and fell. He
broke his hip in consequence, and was
treated at the Harbor Receiving Hospital
by Dr. Fltzgibbon.
MANGLED BY THE CABS.
James Sheedy Meets Death Under the
Wheels of the Monterey Express.
While stealing a ride on the Monterey
express, which arrived here at 4 o'clock
rday afternoon. James Sheedy, aged
18 years, fell under the wheels at me
Twenty-sixth street crossing and was in-
Ftantly killed. The body was dragged un
der, the train for thirty yards. Both arms
oii'l legs were torn from the trunk, and
the body was otherwise mangled almost
beyond recognition.
John Bheedy, a stonecutter, residing at
28 Linden avenue, Identified the body of
his son at the Morgue last evening. He
Bald the boy had an aunt living at Ocean
View and he had probably been to Me
hrr 'Young Sheedy was formerly em
nloyed as a zincographer on several of the
papers in the city, but recently has been
Witnesses of the accident say that
Sheedy with several companions, was
riding on a brakebeam of the train. When
the crossing at Twenty-sixth street was
reached Sheedy tried to jump from the
moving train. He was caught under the
wheels and none of the trainmen knew of
the accident until the cars came to a stop
at the staUon at Twenty-nrth street. Of
ficer Sandman of the Seventeenth-street
station picked up the remains and re
moved them to the Morgue.
engineer of the train f W Bow
ley surrendered himself at the Seven
teenth-streel station last evening and was
ed on his own recognizance.
He Used a Hammer.
Jamr-s H. Barker, painter, and Charles
Bell, a carpenter, engaged in a heated
political dispute last night in a saloon at
1154 Market street. Getting the worst of
the argument, Barker struck his adver
sary over the head with a. hammer, in
flicting three sever,© scalp wounds. Bell
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where his injuries were dressed. His as
sailant was locked up in the City Prison
on a charge of an assault with a deadly
weapon. _
A Double Track to Ocean View.
At a meeting of the F'airmount Improve
ment Club last night the Joyful news was
imparted to the residents of the West
Mission and Ocean View that the San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
The fao-simile I y*rjr //#f*V^ ** on every wrapper
signature of Wta//§iM^S^&' of OASTOEIA.
way Company would start putting down
its double track on the road from Thirti
eth street to Ocean View. It is calcu
lated tn have this branch of the popular
line finished by the first of the new year,
after which the service will be improved
by the running of cars more frequently
than at present. In order to make room
for the double track the sidewalks on
Chenery street will be reduced to seven
feet. This will add to the width of the
roadway and give the company more
space for its improvement.
DANCED TWO
NEW FIGURES
Initial Party of the Bach-
elors' Cotillon at the
Palace Last Evening.
The initial party of the Bachelors' Co
tillon Club was held at the maple room,
Palace Hotel, last evening, and was mark
ed by a brilliant gathering that augurs
well for the future success of the club.
The decorations of the hall were un
usually pretty and made a brilliant back
ground for the many handsome and ele
gantly gowned ladies present. The tun
membership of the club was in attenu-
Two new and original figures were
danced, Al Dodge leading, assisted by
Miss Bessie Koden and Dr. E. WjVYveatr
phal and Miss Alice Hassett and \\ allace
Alexander. Those present included:
Miss Alice Hassett, Miss Adalalde McColgan,
Hiss Lillian Schroeder, Miss Be«;ie Roden,
Miss Marian Forrest, Miss Jeanette Co™ 0 *-
Miss Hawkins. Misses Lotta and Floren^.
Musto, Miss Louise Heppner, Miss Eliz
abeth E. Day, Miss M. C. Poepke.
Miss E. Proset. Miss Felice ln S 8 "
ford. Miss Estelle Davis. Mrs. Cornell, Mrs.
George D. Graham, Mrs. Ed O. Carrera. M ss
Madge Richardson, Mrs. J. ■'>. De Haven. Miss
W. Polleck, Miss E. Kavanah, Mrs Marshal
Hale. Miss Ethel Becht, Mlee M. Frlederloh.
Misses Grace and Blanch Macpherson, Miss
Dacla Fairbanks. Miss Grace McUu?key, Mrs.
William M. Abbott. Miss Leah }o\ing, Miss
Colt- man, Miss Meyer, Miss Cora Kuls.-y, Miss
Tessle Swift, Mies Anna AVainwright Mrs.
Frank A. Vail, Miss Maud Cluff. Miss Hoels
cher, Miss Morse. Miss Emma Hunt, Miss Ma
bel Havens, Misses Emma and Stella Port
mann, Al Dodge, D. A. McColgan, Dr. E. TV.
"Westphal, Wallace Alexander, Dr. AT. Der
by, James H. Wheeler, Burt L. Davis. Clar
ence Musto. Jason Gould Henry L. Day W .
H. Poepke, W. B. Muckfessel. H. William
Westerfeld. W. K. Owens. E. N. Avers George
V. Graham. Ed G. Carrera. L N. Schwartz.
J. J. De Haven. Dr. C. J. Stevens James
Goeney, Marshal Hale. S. W. Clisby. William
Corbett. William Hoelsoher, L. Steiger ill
iam Belcher W. H. Robinson, Vt illiam M. Ab
bott. Hawthorne Doxoy. Dr. E. A. Clay W.
W Hoffmann. Charles O'Kane, Charles Hilde
brecht, Victor E. Mathews, Frank W. Vail,
Fred Elliott, Fred Gantner, James Maynard,
Walter 11. Cline, Harvey Titcomb, W. A.
Stevens.
WASHINGTON SOLDIEBS SAIL.
The Zealandia Will Take beven Ten
nessee Companies To-Morrow.
The remainder of the First Washington
Regiment, consisting of the First and
Third Battalions, left the Presidio yester
day morning and went on board the
transport Ohio. The troops were under
the command of Colonel Wholley. They
left the post at 9:30 o'clock and were es
corted for a distance by the Fourth Cav
alry band. The two battalions -were given
a cordial send-off by the regular officers
of the post.
Just as soon as the Washington soldiers
had made their exit the companies of tho
Eighth California marched in from Fort
Point and took their place. They com
menced their garrison duty yesterday.
Owing to the fact that the troops did
not get on board the Ohio in time for
her to take advantage of the early tide
the vessel was forced to lay at the sea
wall until 11 o'clock last night, when an
chor was weighed and the transport be
gan her long voyage.
The Zealandia will sail to-morrow with
seven companies of the First Tennessee
Regiment. Orders were sent out to the
Presidio yeseterday to Colonel Smith to
go on board to-morrow morning with
Companies F, C, E, A, B, L and M. The
remaining companies will go on the City
of Puebia, which is to be secured as a
transport. Colonel Long stated yester
day that the Pennsylvania would be
ready to leave by next Thursday. The
Newport is ready now, out will not sail
until the last, as General Miller wants
to see all the troops off before he goes.
General Merriam recently issued an or
der for Private Charles P. Tuthtll, Com
pany A of the Corps of Engineers, to be
sent to the Insane asylum at Washing
ton. Tuthill is one of the men who came
back on the Rio de Janeiro. He was sent
here because he was thought to be In
sane. General Merriam has certain evi
dence against the man which leads him
to believe that he is shaming, so he is
sued an order revoking the one direct
ing that the man be sent to Washington.
Tuthill will be examined here by a board
of physicians, who will ascertain the ex
tent of his insanity before he is sent to
the asylum.
Woodmen Entertain Ladies.
San Francisco Camp of the Woodmen
of the World held an open meeting in
Mission Masonic Temple last night for
the benefit of the lady relatives and the
lady friends of the members. The attend
ance was large and the committee on en
tertainment, consisting of Henry G. Ges
ford, Dr. Bassett and T. F. McCaffrey, en
tertained the guests with vocal selections
by Mr. Malaine, Miss Irene Hughes and
Miss Minnie Newcombe; character song
and dance by Miss Nell McCaffrey, instru
mental music by Fred Hess and recita
tions by Miss Laura McCaffrey and Miss
Lucy K'eane. Mr. Gesford delivered a short
address pertinent to the order, and after
tbe programme there was dancing under
the direction of the floor committee, con
sisting f.f T. M. Perm, G. W. Mallady and
Organizer Ruthorford.
This Week's Wasp.
Replete with short stories and illustrations
Is this week's Wasp. A striking: poem. "The
Green-lined Death," by Gertrude Holloway, is
one of the features. Mulrooney furnishes an
amusing conceit on Cuspidor Barry and Teresa
Doane writes an entertaining column of "So
cial Side Lights." The cartoons are good, one
showing the f xpope of the contract skeleton In
the office of the Examiner, and the other "A
li !■ In Congress," and the editorials are
pungent and to the point. The Issue Is bright
and catchy and would pass an interesting hour
for any one.
Closed a House of Vice.
Secretary Kane of the Society for the
Suppression uf Vice last night served
warrants, on the inmates of a disreputable
house at 613 Vi Dupont street. Three of the
women were arrested for vagrancy, and
Marie Gommet was charged with keeping
an immoral house. Secretary Kane says
Marie Gommet is a procuress and that in
May of last year she visited Paris and se
cured three girls to come to San Francisco
to work as chambermaids. Two of these
are Louisa Baron and Philomine Barge,
who were arrested at her house last even
ing Three male visitors to the place were
also placed under arrest.
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Cures eczema, dandruff and itching scalp
when all other remedies fail. For sale by
all druggists. Price 50c. Sample sent free
by Smith Bros.. Fresno, Cat. •
Settlement House Concert.
The first of the series of musical enter
tainments to be given this season at the
University Settlement, S4 South Park,
will take place this evening, the 29th. Mr.
and Mrs. John Koster, Mrs. John Rug
gles and Miss Gibbs are to furnish a pro
gramme or vocal and instrumental music,
and the residents and workers in the Set
tlement House, under the leadership of
Dr Dorthia Moore, will welcome and as
sist in entertaining their invited guests.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
writes about
The Coming Wheat Crop,
in next Sunday's Call.
She Got Her Goat.
Mrs. Margaret Hamilton, the oldladyliv
in«* on Twenty-second and Tennessee
streets, who mourned the loss of her goat
for eighteen months, was made happy, by
Judge Joachimsen yesterday, who gave
her an order for her pet. John Dwyer.
the other claimant, did not appear In
court and is satisfied to have possession
of the kid.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1893.
ACTOR FOLSOM
FOLLOWS THE
PERT SOUBRETTE
Left on Wednesday to
Join Miss Thropp.
WAS THE FAIR CLARA'S ANGEL
CONTENTS OF A TRUNK GAVE
THE DOTING ACTOR AWAY.
The Funds Raised In Charity Are
Recklessly Spent in Entertain
ing the Missing
Actress.
At the New Comedy Theater they have
hung out another badge of mourning
and are now wailing the loss of George
Folsom, missing Clara Thropp's leading
man.
Folsom skipped out on Wednesday
morning, and like the fetching Clara,
sent a waiting manager and a matinee
audience a brief note, stating that they
need not expect him to contribute his
share to the programme.
Folsom's absence surprised neither the
company nor the management. In fact,
an atmosphere of direful suspicion hov
ered o'er the leading man since last Mon
day morning, when the greater part of
Miss Thropp's wardrobe was found in his
trunk.
Folsom on leaving the city -went to Sac
ra nifiito and appealed to Wm. J. Jossey,
manager of the "Signal of Liberty," with
which company he was formerly con
nected. Folsom's haggard appearance
and his hard-luck story touched the man
ager, and a subscription was immediately
raised among the "Liberty" people to
enable the stranded actor to purchase
meal tickets and otherwise keep him in
comfort for several weeks to come.
The subscribed money, however, did not
go toward the essentials necessary to
sustain the life of a perishing comedian,
but helped to pay for a soubrette supper
for the missing Clara, whom Folsom had
come on to meet in the Capital City.
It was while hilariously returning from
this supper that Folsom met some of the
"Liberty" people and his real troubles be
gan. The philanthropists traced the re
calcitrant pair to a lodging house near
the Golden Eagle Hotel, and emphatically
and altogether unceremoniously demand
ed the return of their bounty. The money
was returned, iess $1 50 which had gone
toward the entertainment of Clara
Thropp.
William J. Jossey, manager of "Signal
of Liberty" company, now playing at the
Auditorium in San Jose, in speaking of
the matter last evening said:
"George Folsom, who played light com
edy lead in the Thropp company, came to
members of our company Wednesday
evening at Sacramento after the perform
ance and asked us to help him, as he was
without means. Folsom had Just come
from San Francisco, and I suspected that
Miss Thropp was with him. I asked him
if she was and he said she was not.
"With this understanding, we took up a
collection, and raised enough money to
keep him for a while. He went out as
soon as he got it. Shortly after two mem
bers of our company met him and Miss
Thropp together on the street. Our peo
ple are very bitter against Miss Thropp
for the way she treated her company,
and they hastened back to tell the rest
of us that she and Folsom were together.
The company then all agreed to demand
the money thoy had given Folsom, and
asked me to go and get it. I finaJly lo
cated the couple in a lodging-house near
the Golden Eagle Hotel. I told him that
my people had given money .to him be
cause of his former connection with us,
but that under no consideration could
Miss Thropp enjoy any of it. I demanded
its return. I threatened to telegraph his
whereabouts to San Francisco, and he lost
no time in handing over the money. Fol
som then told me he was married to Miss
Thropp."
On Thursday morning Jossey saw Fol
som at the Sacramento depot, and tne
latter asked him to mail a letter that was
addressed to the agent of the . Great
Northern Railroad Company, San Fran
cisco He also requested Josbcv not to
tell any one of his having been in Sacra
mento. Jossey says Folsom. is a very good
actor and until five months ago was a
member of the Jossey-Marvln Company.
He was dismissed from the company in
the Black Hills for insubordination. He
then went East and joined Miss Thropp s
company. He had some money, and it is
understood was playing the part of
"angel" and advancing funds, the com
pany having started out on a "shoe
string" and being in bad financial condl-
U >?anager Leavitt and the police are con
fident that they will now shortly have the
absconding soubrette behind bolts and
Oct. 28.-Clara Thropp,
the actress, was arrested here late to
night on a telegram from Chief Lees of
San Francisco. She is charged bj- Man
ager Ellinghousc of the New Comedy
Theater with felony embezzlement She
is accompanied here by a Mr. Folsom,
who says he is her husband -_._„,._
Miss Thropp says she left Leavitt s
theater because she could get no money
for a week's appearance there. She de
clares she has nothing in her possession
belonging to Leavitt or his manager, El
linghouse, and that the theatrical books
in her possession belong to her The com
pany she says, is her brother's, and that
she had no contract with Leavitt. She
will go to San Francisco in the morning
in company with Officer Maley and Fol
som. _
THE MOTHER-IN-LAW OP
GEORGE GOULD ARRIVES
She Is Accompanied by Her Two Sis
ters and Will Go From Here to
Los Angeles on Monday.
Mrs. Kingdon, the mother of Mrs.
George Gould and mother-in-law of per
haps the richest man In the United States,
arrived here this morning by the exceed
ingly late overland, and went at once to
the Palace. She was accompanied by her
two sisters. Mrs. E. Brumall and Miss
Carter, and a maid.
"I am just out here," Mrs. Kingdon
said "for a short visit. It is five years
since I was last here. I am going from
here to Los Angeles. When? On Monday
From Los Angeles the party will make
a trip into Mexico, returning home by the
southern route.
Car Blockade on Market Street.
The side street car lines and the cab
men did an enviable business between the
hours of 5 a>nd 7 o'clock last evening. The
occasion of such liberal patronage thus
bestowed upon them was the complete
tying up of the Market-strett system
caused by an accident to a car at the
junction of Hayes and Market streets
while switching from the main to the side
line The track was clear down to the
ferry, but when the cars returned tht-ir
way was impeded, until a string of them
reached from Ninth to First streets.
Pearl Ladd This Afternoon.
Pearl Ladd, the talented young planiste
and dramatic reader, will give her sec
ond and last entertainment at Sherman &
Clay's Hall at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon.
Her Drogramme will Include compositions
of Handel, Chopin. Moszkowski, Weber,
Scharwenka and others, and she will read
the curse scene from "Leah the For
saken," and a scene from the "Merchant
of Venice."
■ » ■
Evangelistic Services.
The special evangelistic services which
have been held at Simpson Memorial
Church will come to a close to-morrow.
Rev. A. C. Bane, the evangelist, has
preached twice a day for the past two
weeka. Great interest has been manifest
ed in the meetings. Mr. Bane will preach
to-morrow morning and evening. The
special theme for the evening hour will
be. "Morality vs. Christianity." While all
classes are Invited, the address will be
delivered especially for business men. The
choir will sing appropriate music.
Young Ladies' "At Home."
The visit of the Progressive Councils to
Golden Gate Council of the Chosen
Friends In the Alcazar last night was a
great success both as to the number of
persons who were present and as to the
entertainment provided for those who re
sponded to the Invitations extended.
There was an address by C. M. Arnold,
P. S. C; instrumental music by Mrs.
Leon and Misses H. Augustin, L. Siess,
C Trost and M. Trost; vocal selections
by Mrs. Hutchins and Mrs. Beers, reci
tations by W. W. Brackett and E. Street,
specialties by Miss Anna Berg and ad
dresses by H. W. Hutton, S. V. C, and
W. H. Savage, S. G. C. The evening's
entertainment closed with dancing and
the serving of refreshments.
New Hospital Proposed.
At the quarterly meeting of the Ger
man General Benevolent Society, held
Tuesday evening in the society's hall on
Sutter street. Dr. Kreutzmann called the
attention of the society to the fact that
a new hospital should be constructed on
the grounds now unoccupied. The matter
was discussed, but action was deferred to
some future meeting. The society has
distributed about $700 per month in char
itable works, and has a membership of
3142 Its hospital has been supplied with
a complete outfit of modern surgical in
struments and facilities conducive to the
comfort of patients. Dr. F. Fehleisen
and Fred Rosenbaum were appointed to
fill the offices recently vacated by Dr.
Morse and Captain E. Poleman respec
tively.
Will S. Rising Married.
Will S. Rising, who recently appeared
at the Alhambra Theater, was married
yesterday afternoon to Miss Lillian
Schmidt, an actress and a member of his
company. The ceremony was performed
by Superior Judge Belcher. This is Ris
ing's second venture in the matrimonial
line His first wife secured a divorce from
him in New York some years ago. His
present wife is young and pretty and
well known in the histrionic world.
Close of St. John's Fair.
The fair in aid of St. John's parish,
which has been attracting so much favor
able attention, will close to-night. All the
articles left over in the booths will be dis
posed of and the 'various contests will
also be terminated. Father Brady is well
pleased with the attendance at the fair
and thanks the many patrons for their
liberality and good will.
Settled Their Difficulties.
The trouble between the Atlas Iron
Works Company and its workmen has
been satisfactorily adjusted. At a meet
ing of the workmen's committee yester
day afternoon, with Andrew Thompson
in "the chair, resolutions were adopted
thanking Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald
and Deputy C. L. Dam for their assist
ance.
Deutscher Verein Ball.
The anniversary ball of the Norddeut
scher Verein will be held in Saratoga
Hall, Geary street, between Larkin and
Hyde, on Saturday evening, November 5.
The committee has worked hard for the
success of the affair and a good time is
promised to all who attend.
BICMABCK'S PLUCK.
Motley pays Bismarck the tribute,
among others, in a letter to Lady Wil
liam Russell, of possessing the most un- ,
daunted courage. When the Prussians
entered Paris, Bismarck saw that when
the men in the mob recognized him they
scowled at him furiously. He at once
rode up to the wickedest looking one,
asked him civilly for a light for his cigar,
thanked him and received a polite bow in
return. When the late John Morrissey I
saw a "bad man," a gambler who had
threatened to shoot him on sight, stand- 1
ing at the bar of the Grand Union in Sar- ,
atocra, he walked up to the bar quite close j
to him, poured out a tumbler of icewater, i
drunk it, and walked out without once
looking at the man. "In a case of that
kind," said John, in a coarse whisper
peculiar to him, "I always think it best
lo come straight to the front."
So it was with Bismarck, and John was
a bit of a Bismarck in his way; while the
Prince in his younger days was gifted
with tremendous physique and a readi
ness to "box without the muffle." He
gave a fearful tnrashing once in a Berlin
beer hall to a man who wantonly insulted
him. He himself told me that he received
a queer compliment near St. Petersburg
from a Russian Istvochik or cabman, a
very rough fellow indeed, as they all are.
The Prince hired him to take him out of
town to a village near by, paid him with
a handsome gratuity and dismissed him.
The man, however, was dissatisfied,, re
monstrated, and finally became insolent
and even threatening. Bismarck seized
him turned him around, and with one
vigorous kick sent him flying down the
entire flight of stairs. The man got up
and while rubbing himself, glanced at
him not without admiration. "Is naschi,"
he said, "one of us?"— From the North
American Review.
TEST YOUB OWN TEMPERATURE.
Persons who are continually watching
their "symptoms," whether they' have a
mere cold or the toothache, will certainly
Invest In :i family clinical thermometer.
Its possession will add a new zest to ill
ness. With it in the house, we shall be
able to test everybody's n-mperature and
discover whether it is normal or if it is
scooting about in the hundreds. In fact,
it won't surprise me to see these tempera
ture takers hanging to the chatelaine or
on watch chains, all ready to be clapped
on to a possible invalid. Nervous people
must revel in the temperature theremome
ter Husbands, too, can be kept indoors
if their temperature is 99V£, especially
when it rises in the evening one degree
higher As to dear little Snuffles, we shan't
let him be taken out by his nurse to ride
without trying, it on him: and, altogether,
it is a great boon to have one for the fam
ily and not be obliged to wait until the
doctor brings it in his bag.— Boston Her
ald.
A Fatality Avoided.
From the Democrat, Goshen, Ind.
When neuralgia is accompanied by a
dull, heavy pain near the heart, frequent-
ly becoming intense, it generally termin-
ates fatally. Mrs. Nancy Flynn, who lives
near Goshen. Indiana, survived such an
attack and her advice is worth heeding:
"In the fall of '92." she said, "I began
to have trouble with my heart. There
was a sharp pain in my breast which
became rapidly worse. The doctor was
puzzled and put me under the influence
of opiates. These sharp attacks followed
one another at Intervals and I became
weak and had a haggard look. I was
constantly in pain, seldom slept and had
no appetite.
"At the end of two years I was con-
fined to my couch most of the time and
the doctors agreed mat my death was
only a matter of a short time.
one day
I noticed in
a newspaper
an Item
about a
woman hav-
ing been
cured of
neuralgia of
the heart by
Dr. Wil-
liams' Pink
P 1 1 1 b for
Pale People
and I con-
cluded t o
try them.
"When I
had finished
one box I
a
A Serious Time.
noticed an improvement In my condition,
and when I had taken twelve boxes I was
completely cured. 'Those pills have done
for you what we could not do,' said one
of my physicians, "they have saved your
life '
"That was two years ago and my heart
has not troubled me since. I believe I
owe my life to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pale People, and I take pleasure in
telling others about them."
Among the many forms of neuralgia are
headache, nervousness, paralysis, apo-
plexy and locomotor ataxia. Some of
these were considered incurable until Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People
were formulated. To-day thousands testi-
fy to having been cured of such diseases
by these plus. _ „
Doctors frequently prescribe them, and
all druggists sell them.
HILDRE7H MAY NOT
COME TO CALIFORNIA
HUMORED THAT HE HAS SOLD
HIS STABLE OF HORSES.
Said to Have Accepted a Princely Of
fer to Train Sidney Paget's
Great String of Cracks.
The latest In horse circles i 3 the start
ling intelligence that Sam Hlldreth has
disposed of a portion of his string of
cracks in Chicago and may not send a
stable to race here. The report is also
abroad that he has been offered a big
salary, and has accepted, to train the
horses raced by Sydney Paget the com
ing year. Clawson has already signed to
ride for this latter turfman next season.
Among Hildreth's string is a horse
owned by Bookmaker John Coleman, and
the layer of odds yesterday received a
telegram stating that he, Hildreth, had
sold a portion of his stable and would
turn the balance out, and asking what
disposition to make of the racer. Al
though Hildreth had wired for stalls, this
would, look as if the situation was
changed. Sam is said, on good author
ity, to have cleared $75,000 in the East
with his stable, and can afford to take
matters easy. William A. Pinkerton, who
is interested in the racing venture with
Hildreth, stated last evening that he had
not heard from Hildreth, and the report
may be premature.
Jockey Beauchamp, who rode with con
siderable success on the Montana and
Chicago tracks the past season, arrived
from the East yesterday.
The Btring of Duke & TVishard got in
yesterday and are now quartered at Ingle
aide track. The Reiff brothers, who are
with this stable, will be seen in the saddle
to-day. , _
August Lrf'ss, a new man in the busi
ness, but said to be a "hummer," will be
seen upon the block to-day. Mr. Les3
has been In America but six months.
Dcs Badischen Verein.
The Badischen Verein of this city will
on Sunday evening hold a festival and
ball in Eintraeht Hall on Twelfth street.
The committee on entertainment has ar
ranged a choice programme for the even
ing.
ADVEBTISEMPINTS.
TUMOK EXPELLED.
Unqualified Success of Lydia EL
P inkham's Vegetable Compound.
Mrs. Elizabeth Wheklock, Magno-
lia, lowa, in the following letter de»
scribes her recovery from a very criti»
cal condition:
" Deab Mrs. Piitkham: — I have been
taking your Vegetable Compound, and
am now ready to sound
den to myself. Was troubled with
smothering spells, also palpitation oi
the heart and that bearing-down feel-
ing, and could not be on my feet much.
"I was growing worse all the time,
until I took your medicine.
"After taking three boxes of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Lozenges, the tumor passed from me.
"My health has been better ever
since, can now walk quite a distance
and am troubled no more with palpita-
tion of the heart or bloating. I rec-
ommend your medicine to all cofferers
from female troubles."
It is hardly reasonable to suppose
that any one can doubt the efficiency
of Mrs. Pinkham's methods and medi-
cine in the face of the tremendous vol-
nme of testimony?
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
\ ■ ■■■•".^. '■/-':,-. ' ' . : . r' 5 -":-
LAST 2 NIGHTS!
MATINEE SATURDAY!
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MATBEWS AND BULGER.
Direction of Dunne and Ryley, presenting
the rag-time opera,
BY THE SAD SEA WAVES.
NEXT MONDAY—
SOWING THE WIND.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Prices — 50c, 75c and $1.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
AND BLANCHE BATES,
In a Superb Revival of Edward E. Rose's Great
Romantic Drama, THE
PRISONER
OF ZEND A.
A STRONG CAST!
- Next Monday— Last Week of the Frawleys.
"THE TRANSIT OF LEO."
Bun.,' Nov. 6— "AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
Friday Afternoon, Nov. 4— lbsen Matinee, "A
DOLL'S HOUSE."
N. B.— "Mistakes Will Happen."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
a ■ I MATINEE TO-DAY.
DHDQO I TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
I 8 llglJUl "William Calder's Realistic
I I IV V V m Drama,
15C, T" E
25c, SPAN
35c, OF
50c. yPEI
SUNDAY NIGHT—
"HOGAN'S ALLEY."
OLYMPIA, cor 8 123- y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.- ,
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN STARS. ♦ ..
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK
The Four Florences!
World's Greatest Acrobats. , .
COTTON AND MOLL,
Great Triple Bar Artists.
F. F. FREDRICHS,
■ Celebrated : Lyric Tenor. .',".'
; ; = ; i The : Great Eastern Favorite, .
MISS IRENE: FRANKLIN,
New ' Bongs and Impersonations. ■
MADELINE and Others. :
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FHBB.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _ * a * qBl *: j
Are You Run Down , Exhausted?
■--->• ' •., " ■ mm mmm V« ■!■ . ■ , -
SIR MORELL MACKENZIE, Uimil|| WINP
the Eminent Physician. iTlAjMAlll If illtii
/AS I WC3K jtroil£«
ill isMs^m} y^SfflSiW Mariani Wine gives power to
fllll^tS- 'hJj^wM tho brain> stren g th and elaBti *
WSi^C-W^ '*^^mWw city to tho muscles and rlch "
fw ness to tho blood> It; sootlie3 »
>>^ S^^wS li [if strengthens and sustains the
!™I s y stem and brace 3 an(^
• ; 2jr^^Mfl/^^^^o^mSsMM b r ain - For overworked men,
2*5^5-3'/) \^Bl /i^^^/Tvi delicate women, sickly children
I have much pleasure in stating that To those who will kindly write to MARIAN!
& CO., 52 "West 15th street, New York City,
I have used the Yin Mariani for many v . m be sent> free containing portraits
years. I consider it a valuable Stimu- wlth endorsements of Emperors, Empress,
Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and other in-
■ lant, particularly serviceable. . teresting matter. Mention this paper.
MORELL MACKENZIE, M. D. All Druggists. . Avoid Substitutions.
Paris— Boulevard Haussmann. London— S3 Mortimer street. Montreal— Hospital street.
AMUSEMENTS. -
COMING
SOCI AL^EVENT !
SECOND ANNUAL
CUSHION TEA
For the Benefit of the
WOMAN'S EXCHANGE!
To be given at the residence of MRS. M. H. DE YOUNG, No. 1919 California street,
SATURDAY, November sth. from 2 to 5 p. m.. 8 to 11 p. m.
A musical and varied entertainment afternoon and evening by some of the most prominent
young ladies and gentlemen. OVER FIFTY LADIES TAKING PART.
TICKETS 1100.
CHILDREN ;....... ..:... .....25c
i Tickets can only be procured from the Lady Managers and at the Woman's Exchange.
46 Post street.
Under the management of the following ladles of the Exchange:
MRS. HENRY, SCHMIEDEL, *" MRS. WILLIAM P. MORGAN.
MRS. LOUIS SLOSS, . MRS. SANDS FORMAN.
MRS JOHN CURRY, - MRS. SAMUEL D. MAYER.
MRS. HL? DODGE, MRS. WEBSTER JONES,
MRS I" S. BREYFOGLE, < ' MRS. ADOLF and MISS GRACE UNOER.'
MRS ALBERT T. SCOTT, , MRS. MAUD GERSTLE,
MRS.' SOPHIE LILIENTHAIj, '. - MRS. GEORGE A. KNIGHT.
MRS. N. G. KITTLE, MRS. H. E. HIGHTON, , .
MRS. SAMUEL KNIGHT, MISS JENNIE BLAIR
MRS. LOUIS GERSTLE, MRS. R. E. BUNKER. "
COMEDY-THEATER.
SOUVENIRS FOR ALL I
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY) at 2.
25c TO ALL PARTS
THIS AND TO-MORROW EVE-NINO
LAST TIMES
25c TO ALL PARTS— GALLERY 15c
The Operatic Farce Comedy,
"Where's Matilda?"
NEW AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES I
SOUVENIR MATINEES:
EVENING PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c and 500.
SPECIAL— Seats now selling for the engage-
ment of
THE HENDERSON COMPANY
From the Great Northern Theater, Chicago.
ONE WEEK-BEGINNING OCTOBER 31.
MONDAY EVENING— Sardou's Brilliant Com-
edy,
"A SCRAP OF PAPER."
THURSDAY and Remainder of Week,
"THE CRUST OP SOCIETY."
Excellent Cast! Superb Scenes'.
Seats— Comedy. Theater and 710 Market it.
ALGAZAR THEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE— MAIN 254.
MATINEE TO-TSAY.
TO-NIGHT And to-morrow,
1 U^lNUjll 1 SUNDAY,
Last Times— David Belasco's Beautiful Play,
MAY
=BLOSSOM
ALL NEW SCENERY.
, ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
prFJes!! 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
: 1 Next Week, .
N C. GOODWIN'S' POLITICAL COMEDY,
"AMBITION."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine KreUr.g, Proprietor and Manager.
"IT'S A GREAT BIG HIT."
!' LAST NIGHTS AND MATINEE TO-DAY.
= GIROFLE
= GIROFLA
"It's a Corking Show," the Universal Verdict.
NEXT— "GRAND DUCHESS."
Popular Prices ...:....:....... 25c and Me
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 85c.
' • Our Telephone, Bush 9-
'•"'." i — -
X SUNDAY, OCTOBER SO,
O MOUNTED SWORD CONTEST I
" : Capt. Waller— Moffatt
O^ * Balloon ascension and parachute Jump —
O PROF. HENRY, the • magician— Triple
»»* ■ horizontal ;- bars— Acrobatic » feats— Aerial
K. Arnoldo, ' the equilibrist— Cornet
RSolo — Clowns — - vaudeville, stage —
Morro castle Donkey riding * for the chil-
Odren and other amusements and attrac-
tions. . ADMISSION .....»...:.. ..10c.
\\f -■' Children Under 8 Year* Free.- • '-
:TT • Take San . Mateo Electric cars. Mission,
'Valencia and Sutter st: cam, transfer.
. No Liquors Sold In Glen Park* " ~z~-'-
MQROSCO'S GRAND 8K
V altsh Moeosco, Solo Lessee and Managet
WEEK OF OCTOBER 24, 1898.
GRAND REVIVAL/
ELABORATE PRODUCTION OF THE EVER
POPULAR SENSATIONAL DRAMA
STREETS OF
NEW YORK
A Star Cast? A Powerful Play! A Great Fire
Scene! A Gorgeous Scenic Display!
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), OCT. 23.
Parquet, any seat, 2ic; balcony, 10c; child-
ren, 10c, any part.
JOHN C. RICE and SALLY COHEN
In "OUR HONEYMOON."
THE ROSSOW MIDGETS.
Specialties by CHARLIE ROSSOW, the Small-
est Female Impersonator in the World.
MR. and MRS. E. MILTON ROYLE and
COMPANY in "Captain Impudence."
Last Week of the Following:
MARY NORMAN, New Caricatures.
LOUIS M. GRANAT, BARRY and FELIX.
RAY BURTON. THE BIOGRAPH.
NEXT WEEK— CARL HERTZ, WORLD FA-
MOUS MAGICIAN, and Five New Acts.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. begimning SATURDAT,
October 29, to November 12, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:16 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. anS
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:IS
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last raoa.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30 O'CLOCK.
Second and Last Entertainment Given by
PEARL LADD,
California's Youngest and Most Talented
Pianist and Dramatic Reader,
Assisted by SENORITA MATILDA and tb»
LOMBARDERO STRING QUINTET.
ADMISSION. 60c.
SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 80. AT 9:30 P. M.,
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES
AND MUSIC BY THE OATTLOISB BAND.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 60.
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 6 p. m.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 8 O'CLOCK.
HEINRICH RECITAL.
PRICES .....Me, 750 arid tl
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'t.
78
FRESHMEN IN
FOOTBALL
BATTLE ARRAY
With the exception of the Intercollegi
ate battle of Thanksgiving- day the match
game this afternoon between the frshmen
elevens of Stanford and California' on the'
Recreation grounds is the most important ;
football contest of the season. Since the !
Inception of the freshmen contests in 3894
the interest in this intercollegiate event
has been steadily growing, and now it is
only second to the great contest of the
year. This will be the fifth time that the
youngsters " have measured their • respec
tive strengths on the gridiron and the
honors are even. The winning side this
afternoon will bring to its college not
only the banners of a single victory, but
the reputation of freshman football su
periority.
It ia hard to get a line on the playing of
the California and freshman teams. In
the early games of the season the blue
and gold eleven has shown in much better
form and punished more severely the op
posing teams which both universities
nave met at one lime or other during the
season. The California freshmen have a
good individual eleven, and the team
work is even of a good positive quality,
but there comes a wail from the field of
Berkeley which is full of prescient de
feat. It Is written to the old hackneyed
music of Injuries received on the gridiron
which, while it will not prevent the men
from playing in the game, will bo mini
mize their best efforts that they will be
as other men. : "•. ■;,■ :
This is the list of casualties of the Cali
fornia freshmen eleven: Campbell, left
guard, a bad shoulder; Albertsen, right
tackle, a bad knee; KJnsey; quarter, a
severed tongue; Smith, right half, a bad
shoulder; More, full back, a bad ankle.
and Llpman, left half, a most trouble
some knee. Altogether there is a com
posite bad man on the freshman team
which will represent the blue and gold in
the game this afternoon.
From Stanford there is, strange to say.
no such dirge this year. The men are in
good physical condition, but there the
feeling of conteniedness stops. They fear j
the California yourtgsters on account of
past performances, which the cardinal
supporters declare should regulate the
betting. A freshman game is the most
deluding of all events to call. A political
election offers surer signs for prejudg
ment than a game between these young
sters. Last year California scored an
earned touchdown on. Stanford in this
game inside of live minutes. Stanford I
then got the ball and the same thing hap
pened to the other side.
If the work during the season is a test,
then California should win the game this
afternoon. The blue and gold freshmen
have played mu<?h better ball than their
adversaries In the early games of the
season. Still there is that element of un
certainty as to just what progress the
Stanford fillies have made in the last two
weeks, and to how much truth there is in
the reports of injuries to the Callfornlans.
At any rate the game should be an inter
esting one, and on form alone California
should win out. The latest news from
Palo Alto bespeaks a marked improve
ment in the work of the eleven there and
some very good team work in the fresh
man eleven. -. . . . ■■":. •■; '-'■■■':.
The game last Saturday between the
Olympics and Stanford was full of sur
prises. The Olympics played their best
game thus far and the Stanford their
worst. It was really the Olympics" game, ]
although the single touchdown scored by :
Stanford brought with it a victory for the
cardinals. The clubmen would undoubt
edly have scored twice had they played
with intelligence, and Stanford earned
but one touchdown. It was ill fortune to I
one side and gooa fortune to the other, ■
Except for the one stand made by the
Stanford team, and it was as pretty a
piece of defensive work as has been seen
on a local gridiron In five years, the car
dinal eleven played ragged ball. The
Olympics earned more gains in either half
than Stanford did in the entire game. It
•was Murphy's kicking that prevented a
defeat for the cardinal.
The greatest difficulty with Stanford
this year is the development of a center.
The late reports from Palo Alto say that '■
James is out of the work there, and this
leaves another weak spot in the Stanford
line. The evolution of a center trio at
Palo Alto is the problem that Cross is
trying to solve. The tackles are fairly
strong, though not as good as they might
be or as they might have been during four
years past. The ends are playing first
class ball, and the backs will be all right
■when they have recovered from their in
juries. Murphy is playing a game this
year that places him well in the fore
ground of quarters. His punting is of an
exceptional order. He is the best in that
phase of the game that has ever been
seen on this coast, and his running is also
magnificent. He is easily the best quar
ter on the coast, and this is not saying
enough, for he combines active intelli
gence with physical ability. He is the
greatest foe that California has this year,
and perhaps the only man to be feared !
on the Stanford eleven.
One. excuse might be given for the poor
showing that Stanford made last Satur
day, and that is that the full Varsity was
not in the line-up. An end, a tackle, a
fullback, a halfback and a tackle were
missing. The practical defeat which the
Olympics administered to the cardinal has
had a good effect on the men at Palo
Alto, for they are now playing with more
vim and spirit. There la an atmosphere
of competition, something which charac
terized the Stanford team in former
years, but seemed lacking in the early
part of this season's work.
At California there have been numerous
changes made in the Varsity. Greisberg
has been put on the second eleven and
Cornish moved into the center position on ]
the Varsity. There has been a general
switching of guards also. In another
week Cochran hopes to be in a position
to decide upon the center men for the
Varsity, at least to form a center for reg
ular play. The final decision will be left
open until a late date in Novemoer, just
before the big game. WhipDle has been
put in at right tackle and Thane Is now
playing quarter in place of Hopper, whose
knee is in a most wretched condition. The
other places are filled up as in the pre
ceding week.
The Olympics are working regularly on
the tan bark. Hobbs is out nightly for
practice, and there is a strong likelihood
that Wells will be found In the ranks be
fore the game with California two weeks
from to-day. Cadwallader may be in the
Olympic line in the game' against Stan
ford next Saturday. ./ith this slant
there would really be no hope for Stan
ford In line play. He rips open the Califor
nia line with ease, and with the support
of such men as Sheehy and Hobbs the
Stanford line would open like swinging
doors for his entrance.
The line-up to-day will be:
California. ' Stanford.
Hill "Left end. Right Rice
Hansen Left tackle. Risjht.... Webber
Campbell Left guard. Right Cairns
Duden Center Anderson
Clay Right guard. Left Eaton
Al!>ertsen Right tackle. Left ..Bendy
Womble Right end. Left Sell
Klnsey Cooper and
Rodolph
Lipman Left half. Right Downing
Smith (Capt) Right half. Left....Geissler
and Frlselle
More Full back Carson
SOME ECHOES FROM
THE GOLF LINKS
The San Rafael Golf Club will know
this evening just what sort of a club
house and grounds they will have for per
manent quarters. The executive commit
tee will irieet in the Hotel Rafael to-night
and decide- upon the plans.
Ground will be broken next week for
the new home of the San Francisco club
house and the work will be carried on as
rapidly as possible. The schedule of tour
naments which was published in Thurs
day's Call will be the scheme of tourna
ments for the season and some very in
teresting days are anticipated.
The league of the four clubs has fallen
through on account of the defection of
the Burlingame and the San Rafael cluhs
but the San Francisco and the Oakland
clubs will still fight it out.
On Tuesday the lady members of the
San Francisco club will hold a handicap
tournament. The entries are Miss Mc-
Bean, the Misses Carolan, Miss Wood and
Miss Carrie Taylor. •_
A week from to-day the handicap tour
nament for the Liverpool cup will be
played on the San Francisco grounds.
Other prizes will be offered for special
matches.
- 'ALICE RIX writes about
Tfte Democratic Candidates
LNJIEXT SUNDAY'S CALk:
FIELD OF SPORT
GREAT COURSING
AT THE
INGLESIDE PARK
Allowing that horse racing is the so
called sport of kings, it cannot be gain
said that coursing is the sport of queens
as at the great annual meetings in Eng
land and Australia ladies wearing highest
titles attend the great events.
The Queen of England and, in fact, all
of the royal family have been present at
the great meetings, and especially when
the Waterloo cup is run or, rather,
coursed for. Now that coursing has taken
a firm hold in the land of the Golden
West it can fittingly be termed the queen
of sports, judging from the large repre
sentation of ladies who take pleasure in
witnessing the weekly contests.
Readers of The Call (and they are many
among sportsmen) who glanced over the
drawing for Ingleside Park yesterday
could not possibly refrain from saying,
"There is a card that can't be beat," and
certainly a grander aggregation of dogs
than will appear on the coursing sward
;it Ingleside to-day has never entered a
Held of competition. They include native
sons and daughters, foreigners of royal
blood and bucolics from the country at
large. Then apart from the pleasure that
will be afforded the thousands of people
who will witness the contests in the open
and sapling stakes, the Ingleside officers,
who leave no stone unturned that will
add to the sport of poor and rich alike,
have arranged for a grand special cours
ing match to be held on Sunday between
iwo of the fleetest youngsters, represent
ative of the great kennels of America
which are now established on the Pacific
Coast.
Mayflower, that beautiful and promising
young hound, will meet in the slips .the
young Eastern "flyer," Rock Island Boy,
of which so much has been said credit
able to him since his advent wi the Pa
dflc Coast. It should be a grand contest,
and no mistaking the fact. The match is
best three In five courses and the consid
eration is $.rioo. r ioo a side, to wiiich the park
'lded $150, making a grand total of
$1150. which nice little hag of gold will be
handed to the owner of the winning dog.
Leashmen who are desirous of seeing
the run down of the card must not forget
that owing to days which are growing
short coursing will commence on Satur
days at 12 o'clock and on Sundays at 10:30
o'clock sharp.
Any one doubting the success achieved
by the Jngleside Park since Dominick
Shannon and his associates took charge
can dispel all doubt from his mind by a
reference to the amount of coin that is
paid out on coursing days to the owners
of winning dogs. Money talks, and un
less the park was doing a flourishing busi
er.-* it could not afford to give the mag
nificent and costly prizes that fall into the
hands of dog owners. Just think of it!
At the finish of the meeting of to-day and
to-morrow the snug sum of $1960 will be
divided between the winners of the open
and sapling stakes, and $1150 will drop
into the pocket of the owner of the win
ning dog of the match race. This should
be evidence sufficient to make jealous-; the
owner of a thoroughbred racer, who is
lucky ii he can bag $300 or $400 at a race
In the opening stake of to-day, owing to
guards. Royal Buck will meet Victor
King; Flyaway will slip with Marietta
and Rocket and Kerry Gow will come to
g-ether in the run down. Lawrence and
Pet Kirby and Van Kirk and Mira Monte
will also meet. Great will be the sport
and great will be the crowd that will
swarm into Ingleside Park to-day and to
morrow.
The Interstate Coursing Club's meeting
at Merced next week promises to be the
greatest event of the kind ever held in
California. Reports from that section of
the country indicate that the recent rains
have covered the'plains with three or four
inches of grass and that the hares have
been already iffected by the green feed.
On this account, all danger of grueling
courses is obliterated and there will be no
disagreeable dust. A large number of
dogs have already been entered, including
the unbeaten English wonder, For Free
dom Many of the coursing fraternity are
of the opinion that For Freedom will not
be able to stay on the plains: but hie in
vincible speed should return him a winner
in any event. Rosseter has three other
nominations in Santa Alicia, Pocahontas.
and Gallant Foe. Curtis & Sons of Santa
Clara have three nominations, but have
not as yet named their entries. M. Noa
lon has entered his clever bitch Van Clole
and will also run Van Knapp. J. Goldman
of Merced has Sarcastic in, and expects
his entry to run well up in the money. A.
Johnson hashis crock, Mountain Beauty, in
the stake, and has been giving her careful
preparation for the great event. R. E3.
de B. Lopez has Minneapolis, Arrow and
Quiver already entered, and expects to
see the bunch trot well toward the final.
The Yosemite. kennels have three nomi
nations and will name their dogs on the
night of the drawing. They will all be
Eastern importations. Al Austin wi I.'.1 .'. run
Douglas and Glenstone. and expects a
slice of the "long green." Arthur Massey
will have two dogs in. and may make an
other nomination. Russell & V\ ilson or
Illinois pin their faith to Glen Rosy, who,
it is said, is one of the greatest perform
ers on the plains ever brought here from
the East. Tim Cronin claims to have a
mortgage on first money, and says the
only dog in the stake will be his fast and
clever Thornhlll. Black Patti Winged
Foot, Skylark. Crusader and Miss Alice
have already been named, and from ail
appearances the stake will be filled to
the limit. The drawing takes place this
evening at Pythian Castle, at half-past &
o'clock and no doubt one^ of the largest
crowds ever present at a drawing will be
on hand. The advance sale of excursion
tickets has been very large, the low rate
of $4 for the round trip being a great in;
ducement for many to enjoy a few days
outing including hunters as well as leash
men as wild duck and geese are very
plentiful in the vicinity of Merced.
LADIES IN DOUBLES AND
SINGLES TOURNAMENTS
Rarely have the courts of the California
Tennis Club received as much patronage
as during the past week. The fine
weather has brought out the players of
both sexes and some spirited matches
have resulted. On Wednesday afternoon
the ladies played a singles handicap
tournament, which was left unfinished.
Miss Hunter defeated Miss Foster, who
was handicapped 15, in two straight sets,
6-2 6-0. To the surprise of all Miss Mason
played Miss Hoffman for the first place
in the first class, and won out to the score
of 7-5 6-0. Then Miss Hunter met Miss
Mason, the latter giving the former odds
of 15, which proved too big a handicap,
however, for Miss Mason, who lost the
first set, 7-5. The concluding sets will be
played on Monday.
This morningr the ladies will play in a
doubles tournament. The following ladies
will post their names, the teams to be
drawn Just before the tournament: Miss
Mason. Miss Hunter, Miss Bowman. Miss
Eisen. Miss Foster and Miss Chese
brough.
The men have been out in force and
some very fine tennis has been witnessed
on the courts. The football games put a
stop to the Saturday afternoon tennis
tournaments, which will be resumed as
mooo, aa tha erldlron, season la over,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
LONG BRIDGE WILL
HAVE ONE
MORE REGATTA
When the skiff and barge races held
in connection with the Independence Day
celebration were rowed at Long Bridge
on July 3 It was believed that the old
familiar landmark would never again be
the scene of a rowing contest. But the
championship regatta to be held at Long
Bridge on November 6 bids fair to be
one of the most notable events .that has
occurred there in recent years. It is un
fortunate that the South End Rowing
Club should have selected the same day
for high jinks at its quarters, as it con
veys the impression that there is a clash
between the South Ends and the regatta
committee.
As regards holding high jinks on th«.
same day as the championship regatta
the South Ends say that it has been their
custom for several years to hold their
jinks at the clubhouse on the Sunday pre*
ceding election day. They have, however.
decided to enter a senior barge crew com
posed of James Pallas, bow; M. Breen,
No. 2; G. Carson, No. 3, and Ed Skully,
stroke. Dr. C. C. Dennis will pull in the
senior skiff and shell races, and J.
Lyons in the junior skiff event. The
South Ends' annual entertainment and
dance will take place at Union-square
Hall on Tuesday evening:, November 1.
Plenty of talent has been engaged, and
a pleasant evening is expected.
The Pioneers are taking a greater in
terest in the approaching regatta than
they have done in any previous one, and
are working enthusiastically to make it
a highly successful affair. To-morrow
the captain will get the crews together
at the boathouse and arrange about the
boats to be used by them.
The Dolphins, who gave a very success
ful ladies' day at their boajhouse on
July 31. proposed to hold another to-mor
row, but have now decided not to do so.
Their twentieth anniversary entertain
ment and reception will be given at Na
tive Sons' Hall on Wednesday evening
next. November 2. The only entry from
the Dolphins at the championship regatta
will be the intermediate crew, which beat'
the Ariel and South End juniors at Long
Bridge on Jufy 3 of this year.
The Ariel Junior crew, consisting or E.
McDonough, bow; A. Haughton, No. 2;
F Loth, No. 3, and E. Lynch, stroke,
has moved into special quarters near the
boattiouse so as to facilitate practicing.
The men go out at 5:30 every morning,
and again in the evening under the coach
ing of J. R. Bockman. The Ariel inter
mediate barge crew is made up thus: H.
Wilson, bow; J. McKenna, No. 2; G. Stef
fens No. 3, and J. Wilson, stroke. They
have been rowing regularly since the
Guerneville regatta and are in pretty
good trim. The new barge, the seats and
rudder of which required some alteration,
was delivered a day or two ago. J. No
lan will get a senior barge crew to
gether but, as it is not yet made up, its
chances of winning will not be very good.
Fv Wilson and G. W. Phelan will enter the
senior skiff race, and J. McKenna and J.
Fickert the junior event. It is possible
that William McAusland may row in a
shell but he has had little or no practice
lately. H. Wittkopp also may enter the
shell race. The Ariels gave their annual
reception and dance at Union-square Hall
on Thursday evening. It was very well
attended.
At a meeting of the Olympic Boat Club
held last Tuesday the following officers
were chosen for the coming season: Vice
chairman. J. O'Connor; captain, George
James; vice captain, H. Collins; .secre
tary, Jesse Godley; executive committee—
Frank Grim, L. Pockwitz and John El
liott. The Olympic Club, has promised
vliat J£ the boating men. .will bring in
thirty new members It will hand over the
initiation fees to the rowing people, who
will apply them to the purchase or a
new barge. , ,
At the last meeting of the Alameda
Boat Club A. H. Neustadter and W. Has
kins were elected to membership, me
club will enter a senior and a junior barge
crew and a skiff man.
TRDCKBE RIVER IS NOW
FREE FROM OBSTRUCTIONS
This will be the last month of the sea
son for anglers who take a pleasure in
whipping streams for trout, but accord
ing to the way the law roads steelheads
(which are the king of fresh water game
fishes) may be taken with rod and line
in tide water.
Last winter the grandest sport imagin
able was had on Russian Kiver when the
sfeelheads were ascending the river on
their journey to spawning beds. Owing
to light rains and low water the fishes
were landlocked in the deep pools near
Duncans Mills, and as a consequence the
angler did not have to resort to many
fancy devices for their capture. It is
to be hoped, however, that a goodly sup
ply of rain will raise the stream this year
as another dry winter would result In in-
calculable damage to the country at large.
Angelrs can well afford to lay back
"on their rods" for a few .winters and
discuss the grand entertainments they
had last winter on Russian River.
The striped bass Which promised no end
of enjoyment to anglers who take pleas
ure in "still" fishing, have disappeared
from their feeding grounds in the Oak
land estuary as mysteriously as when
they came. The fishes are roamers, and
to locate their whereabouts anglers must
be out on prospecting trips continuously.
C. A. Vogelsang, one of the deputies in
the office of the Pish Commission, has
recently returned from a trip to the
Truckee River, where he removed half
a dozen obstructions from that stream,
so that the fish could have the full run
of the river. Many years ago the lum
ber men built large dams across the river
so as to make a catchment for the logs
cent down from the side hills in the log
chutes. Now all of the timber is stripped
from the mountains contiguous to the
stream and only a small second growth
marks the place of the forests. Tne mill
men have had to go far back into the
mountains, and hence the dama are of
no use to them. More than that, the Leg
islature of Nevada has taken hold of the
fish preservation question and has aided
the California commission greatly in Its
work.
The reason for the interest of the Cali
fornia Commissioners In the future of the
Trucker River is because Its headwaters
are the finest in the State for trout.
Mr. Vogelsang and a party of four men
worked for several days blowing up the
obstructions with giant powder, for the
dams were built of large logs and so
well put in that it was impossible for
a trout to get over or around them. A
short time ago Commissioner Gould visit
ed ■ the Truckee and induced the lumber
men on the lower end to place fish lad
ders in the stream around their dams.
Since Mr. Vogelsang's work is finished
the river is now open from Pyramid Lake
to the very headwaters and It is believed
that the right of way will be productive
of good results In the near future, as
the large mykiss native of Pyramid Lake
will ascend the stream and that will
mean sport ad libitum.
Estate of Le Grand Morehouse.
Mrs. Clara Morehouse applied yesterday
for special letters of administration upon
the estate of her late husband, Le Grand
Morehouse, who died on the 22d Inst. The
petitioner states that the exact character
and value of the estate is unknown to her
except that it will exceed $10,000. The only
heirs to the estate are the petitioner, her
son, Frank L. Morehouse, and her daugh
ter, Morono Morehouse.
EASTERN PLAYERS
SHOULD
NOT BE BARRED
What a great number of "star" ball ,
players arrived in our midst within the i
past week, and what an elegant team ■
they would make. If they could be pre- j
vailed upon to unite. I am afraid, how- :
ever, that such a club would be too strong :
for any collection we might gather from j
the talent now representing the Pacific j
Coaet League; yet am strongly of the ;
opinion that a team could be got together
which would, in all events, give them
a good strong game, and one that would
be worth seeing.
There has been some talk among the |
new arrivals regarding the formation of
& team to be used for exhibition purposes
only, and as every one Is over anxious
to see these men of such great reputa
tion, I have no doubt but what such an
enterprise would be a howling success.
For the good of baseball on this coast,
however, I sincerely believe that it would
be more profitable and acceptable a prop-
osition for the Pacific Coast League to
dispense with that rule which prohibits
these Eastern stars from displaying their
ability in the regular scheduled league
games.
From its very infancy there has been a
scarcity of good talent. Nearly every
ball player available in this State and
Oregon has been given a chance, and
while from among them some very good
players have materialized, yet it is use
less for any one to say that there is not
room for improvement.
Every team in the league could stand
another good man, and some of them,
goodness knows, could stand eight or
nine. Would it not then, in view of this
fact, and in conjunction, of course, with
the other many advantages to be gained
by such a move, be a good Idea for the
directors of the league to open its doors
to these brilliant manipulators of the
horse hide. I think so, and those with
whom I have discussed the subject agree
with me. They say it would boom the
game "out of sight," and as they pay
their little quarters regularly at the gates
of Recreation Park, some little consid
eration should be given them.
It would be an easy matter to distribute
Lange. Hughes, Mertes, Reitz. Chance,
Beckley. Irwln, McHale and Van Halt
ren. Give each club a man, and then let
the weaker team have the preference In
taking those two players who will neces
sarily be left over by an equal division.
No team can then complain; all will
profit by the scheme: the fan's will whoop
er up as they never did before; and
those ever welcome 25-cent pieces will
simply pour in. And then again these
Eastern men will improve the style at
play. Their coaching, particularly dur
ing critical situations, will be of invalu
able service; their presence will even give
a tone to things, and a bit of this will
make us all feel like somebody. I would,
therefore, suggest that the league call a
meeting and have these players signed
at once. Good players are needed, and
such an elegant chance to secure them
should not be overlooked. '
JOE CORBETT.
Charged With Embezzlement.
J. A. Baxter, who is connected with the
Alameda Land Company, was arreste-3
yesterday by Detectives Crockett and Sil
vey and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of felony embezzlement. He is ac
cused by H. yon Cleve of embezzling $135
for rents collected by him. He was re
leased on $1000 bonds.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
.and cold tub batha. Saltwater direct from ocean.
TIBURON YACHTS
SEEK
WINTER MOORINGS
The Pacific Yacht Club, in spite of a
splendid array* of officers, including an
admiral, a commodore, a fleet captain, a
fleet surgeon and several others, in all
amounting to the unlucky number thir
teen, seems destined to come to an end
at no very distant date. It has suffered
from a superfluity of officers and a de
ficiency of yachts. Admiral J. D. Spreck
els' fine schooner Lurline, Commodore E.
A. Wlltsee's schooner Aggie, Vice Com
modore Martin Roberts' schooner Azalane
and W. S. Good fellow's schooner La Pa
loma, all of which are also enrolled in the
San Francisco Yacht Club, with a launch
or two, constitute the Pacific fleet. Suit
has been brought, in the interests of the
bondholders, to foreclose the mortgage
on the club property, which will doubtless
be sold. The Pacific Club was originally
founded by certain seceding members
from the San .b'ranciscos, and when the
San Francisco Club house was burned
two years ago there was considerable
talk about amalgamating the two cluds,
but no definite arrangement was ever
reached.
Last year the club gave an order to
ISngelbrecht, the boatbuilder, for six non
capsizable half-raters, for which $150 each
was to be paid. The boats were lightly
constructed, so that the weight or. the
iron shoes caused the seams to open.
They were constantly in need of repairs
and were a source of continual expense
and worry. During the season of IS9S
there were to have been five races for
the half-raters, and Herbert Law, form
erly commodore of the club, offered a
silver cup to the boat winning a majority
of the races. Later, finding that no races
took place, he withdrew the cup and pre
sented it to the Pacific lnterclub Yacht
Association, by which it was awarded to
the yacht in the twenty-foot speciai class \
•making the best time over the special
course at the Admission day regatta.
The Pacific Club was remarkable for
the beauty of its clubhouse and grounds,
the fewness of the boats enrolled in it,
the wealth of several of its members and
the size and costliness of their boats.
But the failure of the Pacifies and the
success of the Corinthians prove that
yachting is not a rich man's sport in San
Francisco Bay. The summer weather is
too rough for luxurious yachtsmen, and
many parts of the bay are too shoal for
large boats. Owners of handsome, ex
pensive yachts manifest less club spirit
than the owners of moderate-sized or
small craft. They seldom join club cruises
and rarely enter regattas.
The San Francisco Yacht Club will hold
a minstrel entertainment on Wednesday
evening, November 16, in Native Sons'
Hall. Vice Commodore G. T. S. "White
will keep the sloop Will o' the Wisp in
commission for some time longer, and
during the winter will lay her up in a
sheltered part of Hurricane Gulch, which
is protected -from the nortKerly and south
easterly gales that occasionally occur.
The schooner Vine, which has been en
gaged in trading in the South Seas, is
anchored off the San Francisco Club
house. Her captain, J. E. Burns, is a
member of the club. Commodore E. A.
Wiltsee of the Pacifies intends to make
the San Francisco house his headquar-
The drawbridge at Tiburon will be
opened to-morrow at about 11 o'clock in
the morning, and most of the yachts and
arks will leave the cove and seek safe
winter moorings in the lagoon. K. Dono
hoe's Speedwell will be taken up to Lark
spur and the sloops Truant, Aeolus and
probably the Nixie will not go into the
lagoon. The Aeolus will be allowed to
dry out, and will then have her seams re
calked. Already the Corinthians, who
have no sooner had one jollification than
they begin to look forward to another, are
talking of their New Year's day dinner—
the thirteenth. .
The Encinals have just concluded their
billiard tournament, in which Thomas
O'Connor won the first prize and G. T.
Wright the second. A bowling tourna
ment, with contestants of oth sexes, is
now in progress at the clubhouse. Cap
tain Taylor, in the yawl Emerald, and J.
Ives and Captain Lancaster, in launches,
recently went on a hunting cruise to Al
vjso the Encinals propose to hold a
closing day next month md to give a
P The Californias hold their closing jinks
for members and crews to-night at the
clubhouse, and to-morrow will make tne
final cruise of the season. The South Bays
closed last Sunday.
CRICKETERS FROM PLACER
ENJOYED GOOD SPORT
During their recent tour the Placer
County Citrus Colony cricket team played
six matches— three in Lake County and
three near San Francisco. They played
against Burns Valley at Lower Lake on
October IS, against the Lai.e^ort Club at
Lakeport on October 19 and against Lake
County at Lakeport on October 20. They
lost the match against Burns Valley by
27 runs, that aeralnst Lakeport by 8
wickets and that against Lake County by
22 runs. On October 22 they were beaten
by the Alameda eleven at Alameda, and
oh October 23 by the Pacifies on the Gold
en Gate grounds. On October 24, playing
one man short, they met a team of ten
men from San Jose on the Alameda
grounds and wound up their tour with a
V Thinnings of the San Jose men closed
for 47 runs. 'ln« full score is appended:
PLACER COUNTY CRICKET CLUB.
C Simmonds 1. b. w. b. Howard 0
H. A. Butt 1. b. w. b. Bowley.. 10
C K. Turner 1. b. w. b. Howard ■"
n. Marsh-Browne b. Howard *
W. Petheriek c. Day b. Mayo -«
W. H. Paul b. Jenkins «
V E. Colman b. .Jenkins.... «"
J. Harding run out / »
A. T. Chute not out /. "
II ti. Turner b. Jenkins "
Byes 6, wide 1 _
Total 95
SAN JOSE CRICKET CLUB.
F. Maya b. c - X - Turner 5
W. Howard b. Paul •■ ■••;• ■■■ •• •• ■• *
D. Bowley hit wicket b. C. K. Turner 1
F. Knowles b. C. K. Turner.. i
W Alnsworth c. Mayo b. Paul '
F. J. Croll b. Paul *
E. H. Day b. Simmonds i"
A. Jenkins b. C. K. Turner I
Wilson not out ?
F. Stansfeld b. C. K. Turner 1
Byes 4, leg byes 2 ; °
No ball _
Total • 4T
All the matches under the auspices of
the California Cricket Association for
tm having been played, the batting and
bowline averages will be prepared, and
X fhev have been accepted by the
Association the Burnell prizes will be
awarded.
Herman Oelrichs' Legacy.
Judee Troutt, in accordance with a
petition filed, ordered yesterday that a
bequest of $50,000 to Herman Oelrichs n
the will of James G. Fair, subsequently
assigned to the First National Bank be
paid by the executors of the will of the
deceased capitalist.
GRAND OPENING
OF THE
RACING SEASON.
The opening of the California ra« •
season will be celebrated at On
track this afternoon. The card is an ■ ,
cellent one. It Is. perhaps, the best e\ -
offered a race-going public in thi
tion of the country the first day of a.
meeting. The Eastern candidate
Western coin have been tardy th^
son in arriving, and in this respect the
sport may be somewhat devoid of senti
ment. Glancing over the list of en
appear the names of the best hor
training, and the opening day should be
a most successful one.
Joseph A. Murphy and John J. Carter
will officiate in the stand, and diaries
Price, a sterling racing official of Louis
ville, Ky., will fill the newly create.!
tion of chief racing steward. Everything
possible to insure honest racing ha.
done.
The Opening handicap, over one mile,
is the star feature of the programme, an i
so evenly adjusted do the weights look:
that it appears as if every starter in tha
race will be in receipt of more or Ipt-s
support. The other four events tilled be
yond the must sanguine expectations.
J. B. Ferguson will do the starting
he has decided to discard the rubbtr
tubing barrier, using the Australia:
in preference.
Among the new innovations adopted -will
be that of compelling exercise boys to
don the colors of the jockey club, black
jacket with orange cap, when wurming
up horses prior to the races in which th>-y
may be starters. Toe number of th' ,
on the programme will appear on th<s
back of the jacket. This idea ori
with PM Hopper, secretary of the \\
Turf Congress*.
The gay and festive bookie will be on,
hand in profusion. From the- outlook last
evening it was considered certain that ttia
following firms would <ut in: Bill Jack
1 man, Phil Archibald, Jack Atkin.-
Ridley, John Humphrey. Hurlick. I
& Co.. J. K. Willis. George Oxnard, Wal
ter Riggs, Hugh Jones, Johnny Col
Marsh Redon and the Prussia Club. .
The familiar face of Ed Conroy will
again be seen chalking up prices on o:ia
of the field books.
J. Frederick, a layer of odds well known
throughout the East, is apt to br<\-ik q
to-day.
Tom Boyle got in at Oakland trai :
terday from Sacramento with a string f
ten horses. Tom gained considera-ble re
nown some years ago as tlif> trainer of tha
mwsiral horse Banjo, which gelding oft> n,
got the "plunks."
"Virginia" Carroll, considered by all t!.<*
most versatile man in the business, was
due to arrive last night. Carroll has
heard much of the bad men of the West,
and if he eoncludps to weigh in this af
ternoon, will appear on the block clad in
a sheet iron Prince Albert, a woven wire
waistcoat and pair of barbwire panta
loons. With his head incased in a base
ball mask. Mr. Carroll thinks he will ba
fireproof from thf assaults of those who
may object to his outburst? of raillery.
Harry Frolich will probably accompany
him.
W. G. Wilkins. sheet writer, and Joe
Russell, ticket writer, the "old guard"
of George Rose's booking crew, got In
from Chicago Thursday night. Both look,
hale and hearty and say that Mr. Rose
will leave for California to-morrow.
Timer Dick Havey yesterday purchased
a rarp old bottle of Italian olive oil. and
now has his chronometer ready for th©
opening- race this afternoon.
Jim Davis will make th<* poolroom book
for Bart Kavanaugh at Sacramento.
The card for the afternoon in its entire
ty is Viven below. The reference numbers
on the left apply to the Sacramento and
Los Angeles racp meetings.
First Race — Eleven-sixteenths of a mile.
Tjorrt Marmton..lls ( 77)Ktta H TV»
... T,ittle Sister ...109 ... Bory Lark 101
( 97)p F 109 ... Moreorito 104
1-ifi Midlove sf !| ••• Flambeautte ...10i»
( 69) San Mateo ....112 ... Novia 104
Second Race— Three-quarters of a mile, sell
ing.
... Elizabeth R 100 ... Santa Flora ... 9*
9S Peach Blossom.. 9G ( S9)Ma*rdalenas 107
. . Pam McKeever. 90 140 Correct 1 J
4 1 * Hannah Reid... 98 S7 Casdale JtW
140 Obsidian 108 (131">Lns Medanos .'l2
122 San Augustine.. lo6 l ... Lime Water.... 7
Third Race — Seven-eighths of a mile.
... Napamax •> ■•- Alvero
... Rosinante 104 (141) La Goleta 107
90 Red Glenn ....104 "... Morellito 102
95 Homestake 104
Fourth Race— lnaugural handicap, one mile.
38 Cromwell 110 ... Satsuma 122
138 Moringra MB 13S Rubicon 113
141 San Venado 106 ... Morinel ins
Rosormonde 93 1 41 Olynthus 5 9
<141) La Goleta 114| ( 30) Rainier S 5
..Recreation 98 1 141 Grady 118
141 Marplot 103 1
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles, Bell
ing. : •
... Bernardino 107 ... Los Prletos .... 93
93 Rey del Tlerra.lOS 141 Shasta "Water...
...Lady Hurst ....107 100 Dolore .....IPS
20 P. A. Flnnegan.lo3! ( 73) Ringmaster ....107
... Benamela 105!
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Midlove, Etta H, P F.
Second Race— Sam McKeever. Obsidian, Lima
Water.
Thinl Race— Napamax, La Goleta, Rosinante.
Fourth Race— Recreation, Moringa, Grady.
Fifth Race— Bernardillo, Lady Hurst, Lo«
Prietos.
Wife-Beater Punished.
Herman Voight. a blacksmith living at
1623 Church street, was yesterday sen
tenced by Judge Conlan to six montbs in
the County Jail for beating his wife.
Voight was not content with beating his
wife, but also thrashed his children and
drove them out of the house.
ADVEBTISEMENTBL
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
! through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strerw* through his new
and original system of treatment.
RIIPTIKE cured by his new meth-
od without knife, truss or detention
frn ' m work a painless, sure and perma-
Sen™ erne. VABIfOfELB, hydro-
cele swelling and tenderness of the
-lands treated with unfailing success.
ContiisiouMblood polMon in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. l>adie«will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free of charge. Address
F L>. SWEANY. M. D.. 737 Market
street. San Francisco. CaL
INGLESIDE COURSIM PARK.
TO-DAY (SATURDAY) AND SUNDAY.
THE GREAT MATCH RACE
BETWEEN*
Rock Island Boy and Mayflower
For $1150.
ALSO
SAPLING AND OPEN STAKE.
Take Mission street car and It will land yott
[at the gates. Admission 25c Ladles free.LEES AND KANE
BANDY SOME
BITTER WORDS
A Hot Time Before the
Supervisors.
IT WAS NEARLY A FIGHT
FBAUD AND FAILURE, MEDDLEB
AND HYPOCRITE.
All Over the Question of Purging
Bacon Place and Belden
Street of Immor
ality.
At a meeting of the Committee on
Health and Police of the Board of Super
visors yesterday the resolution instruct
ing Lee 6to close the disreputable houses
on Bacon place and Beldcn street was
under consideration, having been referred
to the committee by the Board of Super
visors on October 24.
The Chief of Police had been invited to
be present so as to express any views
which he might have on the subject.
There were a number of other persons in
attendance, including Rev. Father Otis,
George D. Shadburne and Frank J Kane,
representing the citizens interested In
closing the dens. Attorney Emilio Las
treto appeared for the property owners
of Bacon place. Supervisor Smith, who
was present, recommended to the com
mittee that it should approve the resolu
tion. Mr. Shadburne then made a short
address, stating that Bacon place and
Belden street, are public thoroughfares
and asking that the resolution be adopt* d
and the Bacon place gates ordered re
moved.
Attorney Lastreto offered some objec
tions to this programme, claiming that It
Was impossible to suppress the social evil,
that segregation of the women into colo
nies was preferable to scattering them all
over the city.
This statement brought Father Otis to
his feet with the declaration that such
only emanated from the devil. "The
facts are these!" exclaimed the :
"young girls are inveigled into those dens
on Bacon place and ruined: I have posi
tive evidence concerning three French
maidens who were recently brought to
this country under promise of obtaining
work in restaurants and were then taken
to one of these places and imprisoned in
a room until they consented to lead im
moral lives. That is the sort of work
• 'ing on then ! Again, the St.
Marys Park Association is hampered in
The condemnation of
• rty for the proposed park by the
presence of women in the dives. The
owners of the property receive enormous
rents from it at present, and when con
demnatlon suits are suggested they claim
that absurd prices should be given them
for their real estate, quoting its profits as
an illustration of its value. This is all
wrong. It might as well be said that any
buil.'.ing where crime is fostered
more value in the eyes of the law than
a that are used for the conduct of
legitimate business. We want those
Bacon place dens cleared of women, and
then ' condemnation proceedings for the
park can be brought on a fair basis of
values. "
Chief Lees had been an attentive lis
tener tn the remnrks made by the various
speakers, and, unable longer to maintain
silence, broke out. "I don't take kindly
to crit: isms." he declared, "and I object
me that have been made of the Police
rtment. In cuse this resolution Is
by the Supervisors, I shall use
my judgir. - legality and enforce
it only if I then see fit. I object to the
closing of the houses on Bacon place It
simply means the scattering of disrei>uta-
Ile women all over the city. The evil ef
•>f running them out "of Berry place
and other localities are already " mani
fested in heretofore respectable portions
cf the city where the women have taken
1 am of the opinion that these
women should be colonized, and in that
way kept better under police control. As
for that. fellow Kane, who represents the
• for the Suppression of Vice, I
have Hothi: say. He isn't lit to
anything to do with virtue, inside
of a church or without. He needs re
forming himself. He's a meddler and a
hypocrite."
Kane was just entering the committee
room when Lees -closed his vituperative
remarks and arose to depart. Friends of
the former toW him in a few words what
the Chief of Police had said, and In a ,
moment there was an exciting scene.
"Hold on there. Lees!" exclaimed Kane. ,
"I want you to hear what I've got to say
about you. It shall not -hind ,
:>ack. as your contemptible remarks
about me were hind mine. I
want you to uti that the citizens
of San Francisco regard you as a fraud
failure, and are disgusted with your
lack of Interest in the suppression" of
crime. The thieves and murderers laugh
at you. The keepers of d>>ns slap you
familiarly on the back. Aren't you a
POSTUM CEREAL.
COCOANUT MILK
Used in Place of Coffee for a Time.
Some years ago I was one of a col-
ony located in Costa Rica, a coffee
growing country, and was finally made
so ill by continued use of the berry
0. S. BILLINGS,
Hico, Texas.
that I took to cocoanut milk, and
thereafter noticed that I suffered con-
siderably less than the others from
fever, chills, etc.
Since returning I have been using
Postum.
We have abandoned the use of cof-
fee and tea altogether, and never ex-
pect to use them again as long as we
can have the Posium Food Coffee.
We know how to make it into a de-
licious beverage, and the difference in
our health is so marked that we shall
never return to the old way. We have
been compelled to send up to Waco or
. Cleburne for Postum, as it has not
been kept here, but, while the extra
expense is something, we do not con-
sider it sufficient to keep us from hav-
ing our "cup that cheers."
By the way, the Rev. C. H. Rogers
of Elgin, 111., has been bo greatly
helped by the use of Postum, to my
I knowledge, that his praises for it will
do you a world of good. Our whole
family is in love with Postum. j
pretty specimen to abuse other people?
1 tell you again that you are a fraud and
a failure as Chief crt Police." And Kane
accompanied his remarks By leaning over
the committee table and shaking one of
his long fingers in Lees' face.
The latter was white with rage, and for
a moment it looked as though the two
men would come together in^a personal
encounter. Chairman Delarfy pounded
vigorously with his gavel to restore order,
and finally Lees retreated from the room.
Ap soon as order was restored among
the excited spectators Devon y made a
motion that the resolution closing the
dens be laid over. The other two mem
bers of the committee who were present—
Delany and Rivers— voted in favor ~f tnis
motion, and the proposition to purge Ba
con place and Belden street was virtually
shelved It is understood that the com
mittee will not report on the resolution
either way, thus quietly kiliing it off. \lne
n^xt Board of Supervisors can reopen the
question if it sees fit.
Father Otis was very murh disappointed
at the action of the committee, and was
especially incensed at the remarks made
I lef Lees. He stated before leaving
the committee-rooms that the dens would
be closed despite all opposition, as the citi
zens were prepared to push an aggressU o
campaign by prosecuting fhe £lye owners
and occupants in the Police Courts He
declared that numerous arrests would at
once be made by the officers of the So
ciety for the Suppression of > ice.
WAS CONVICTED ON
PERJURED TESTIMONY
Irl Who Swore a Man Into San
Quentin Admits That Her Tale
Was False.
AN MIGUEL, Oct. 28.-A P^Uion ask
• for the pardon of Francis M. Rh> ne.
resident of this city, convicted of a
me which It is alleged he never com
mitted and for which he has been sen
tenced for twelve rears, is about to be
presented to Governor Budd.
The case Is a very peculiar one. The
complaining witness against Rhyne was
Pearl Bubanks, a sir! of H years, who
on March 4 last lived with her married
sister. Mrs. W. G. Fortney, near Paw
Roblee On the day mentioned Kn> ne
called on Mrs. Fortney. For some reason
the latter left the house, leaving Rhyne
and the Eubanks girl in the house alone.
When Mrs. Fortney returned she accused
her Bister of undue intimacy with Rhyne.
This the girl strenuously denied but
later it is said admitted the fact. Rhyne
waa arrested and on the testimony of the
i Eubanks girl. Mrs. Fortney and others,
>nvl< ted. __ ,
It Is alleged that the Enbanks girl
wrote a letter to a close friend ck
Rhyne's stating that she would place
friend of the convicted man in a simm
n unless a certain sum of
i money was paid. When confronted with
admitted that she wrote
!it and confessed that the testimony on
which Rhyne waa convicted was abso
false. The confession led to the se
curing of affidavits from the girl and oth
ers interest! d in the prosecution, which
show absolutely that Rhyne was guiltless
of the crime of which he was convicted.
A petition Betting forth The facts has
been signed by over 200 persons, among
whom ar^ seven of the convicting jury
men and the doctor who gave evidence
in Rhyne's behalf.
The affidavit of Pearl Eubanka shows
that outside influences were brought to
bear to make- her take the stand she did
in the prosecution of Rhyne. A stay of
execution to November 1 has been
granted.
James Eubanks, fnther of the girl,
killed an elder daughter some years ago
and was hanged for the crime.
♦
GOLF TOURNAMENT
NEARING ITS CLOSE
NEW YORK, Oct. 2-S.— The intercollegi
ate golf tournament which was begun last
Wednesday on the links at Ardsley-on
the-Hudson. will be brought to a close to
morrow, when the individual champion
ship will be decided. This event, which
was won by Bayard of Prince
ton in the first tournament and
by Curtis of Harvard in the sec
ond, which was held last spring, will go
to a Yale man this time, as the two sur
viving players of the twenty-four who
began the contest yesterday are from the
New Haven University. These are W.
B. Smith, the runner-up in the recent
amateur championship, and John Reid
Jr. From a college standpoint it matters
little who wins, but as Smith is from
go and Reid is a New Yorker, it Is
the West's view that creates the interest
on the result.
When play was resumed this morning
there were "eight players for the eligible
list, and by a singular coincidence they
wer<> equally divided. Harvard, Yale.
Princeton and Columbia each being rep
resented by two players. In the draw for
pairs, the" Harvard and Yale men w< re
pitted against players from Princeton
and Columbia in the following order: \V .
B. Cutting Jr.. Harvard, vs. C. H. Mur
phy, Princeton; J. Reid Jr.. Yale. vs. J.
Stuart, Princeton; W. B. Smith. Yale, vs.
[lows Jr., Columbia; J. H. .Choats
Jr Harvard, vs. W. H. Diekson, Colum
bia. The Harvard and Yale men beat
their opponents In the first round. Reid
beat Stuart three up and one to play.
Cutting beat Murphy four up and one to
play. Smith beat Fellows, five up and
three to play, Choate won from Diekson
by the largest margin, six up and five to
After luncheon the semi-final round was
•d. Reid carried off the honors by
beating Choate, six up and four to play.
Smith outplayed his opponent. Cutting,
making the round in eighty-four strokes
to Cutting's ninety-two.
FLOAT COPPER FOUND
* NEAR COPPER RIVER
Indians Know the Location of a
Large Deposit, t>ut Keep It
Secret.
PORT TOWNSKXIj, Oct. 28.— The tugs
Golden Gate of San Francisco and C. C.
Cht-rry of Seattle arrived last night from
the mouth of Copper River, Alaska, with
• -ngers. Among them was M.
J. Garrmy of San Francisco, who has
spent more than a year in a vain search
for gold on Copper River. Ho says:
"Native- float copper has been found
on Chitna River, 175 miles fron. the south
of Copper River, and a party of fifteen
will remain there over winter to prospect
for the main copper deposit."
Nicholi, known as the "Talking Chief"
of the Copper River Indians, claims to
know the exact location of a copper de
posit, but he refused offers of several
hundred dollars to guide people to its lo
cation. The Indians use copper for mak
ing bracelets and other ornament.- jus
well as for cooking utensils, and the chief
claims that the whites will limit the sup
ply and thereby deprive many Indians of
the means of making- a living.
On board the Golden Gate is a Copper
River prospecting boat, which was built
of lumber whipsav.^d on the river. The
boat is being shipped to Denver. Colo
whene it will be placed on exhibition.
PROVED HIS INSANITY
BY COMMITTING MURDER
Georgia Police Doubted a Farmer's
Word Until He Cut a Man's
Throat.
ATLANTA. Ga., Oct. 28.— William
Shockley, an insane farmer of Auburn,
Ga,, cut the throat of J. D. Bishop and
wounded Police Captain John Thompson
on a street car here to-da-'. Robert Mc-
Coy, an ex-policeman, in rffecting the
capture of the demented murderer, was
seriously but not fatally stabbed. Bishop
died instantly.
Shockley called at the police station
during the morning and asked to be
locked up, as he was going insane, but
he was thrown out of the station. He
then called on Governor Atkinson and
isked for protection, and while the Gov
ernor was telephoning the police the in
sane man departed.
Shockley was sitting next to Mr. Bishop
in the car and without a word drew a
razor reached around and nearly severed
his victim's head from the body.
Identity of a Dead Man.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 28.— Mrs. Fred Carr
of this city is satisfied that the remains
found near tfollister recently were those
of her brother, Tom Porter, who dis
appeared from Fresno a year ago. Mrs.
Carr will go to Hollister to identify the
remains. Porter was a printer employed
on the Fresno Republican.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
UNITED LABOR
PARTY A GILT
EDGED GRAFT
Grace's Indorsements
Paid Profits.
CONFESSED ONE * DIVIDEND
"SWORD OF DEMOCLES" HAD AN
EDGE TO GBIND.
Barclay Henley's Agent Said His
Man Was Unpopular and Needed
Grace's Potent In
dorsement.
The taking of evidence on the petition
of the United Labor party for a place
upon the ballots of the next election was
continued before Supreme Court Commis
sioner Chipman at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning. All of the witnesses introduced
were subponaed by the respondent, and
their testimony went to prove that most
of the names of alleged electors attached
to the Labor party's petition were cither
forged or disqualified for other sufficient
reasons.
Among the first witnesses to appear
was Fred D. Siebe, who testified that he
had paid to Grace $100 in the name of i
John D. Siebe for the indorsement of i
Grace's alleged party. To prove his alle- !
gation that the money so received for in- '
dorsements was intended for the personal |
use of Grace and his satellites, Garret Me-
Enerney, for the respondent, called that
person to the stand. Without much hes
itation Grace acknowledged that Mr. '
Siebe's hundred dollars had been divided i
as follows: Grace $50, John Hayes $20, P. I
H. Norton $10, F. A. Seaman $ld.
Henry N. Clement, Republican candi
date for Superior Judge, testified that he
had been approached by Grace for a con
tribution of $100, but had declined to give I
up. Grace finally wanted to compromise
for half, but his offer was declined. Grace
also broached to Tim Treacy a proposi
tion to indorse Maguire if $500 were do
nated, but the Democratic Committee de
clined the honor with nothing more than
I thanks.
Numerous witnesses were introduced i
j who had been engaged by Grace to gather
names to his numerous petitions at a
wage of 2 cents per name. They all testi
fied to having received signatures wlth
1 out ascertaining for themselves whether ;
I or not the signers were qualified.
The afternoon was taken up for the i
moat part with the same class of wit- i
nesses. The most important testimony I
was that rendered by S. M. Williams, who
stated that he had the honor of being pri
vate secretary to Mr. Grace. Being asked ;
I what need Grace had of a private secre- '
| tary the witness answered that for two ',
I months there were at least from six to
eight letters daily to be answered, and ;
I this duty devolved upon him. Mr. Wil- .
I Hams rendered competent testimony upon '
the numerous more or less successful
touches that Grace had made upon differ
ent nominees.
He told at length of how Barclay Hen
• ley, "The Sword of Democles." had sent !
an agent to find out how much it would,;
cost to have his edge sharpened by the
Indorsement of the Labor party. "The
■ --ailed upon mo," said Mr. Williams,
"and told me that he wanted to see Mr. i
Grace about getting the indorsement off
the party for Barclay Henley for District
Attorney. He said that Mr. Henley, he
thought, had a hard fight, for he was not j
what you would -call a popular man. He I
said he thought the indorsement of the !
party would be of value to him. I told !
him "that, though I was Mr. Grace's secre- 1
tary, 1 could not speak for him. but I !
thought Mr. Henley could get the indorse
ment for from $7. r i to $100. He said he
would see Grace about it."
I>r. William Foster, who has an office
at 1069 Market street, was shown what !
purp -rted to be his signature attached
to one of the petitions. He declared the j
signature to be a rank forgery.
"Walter Higgins, a bricklayer, who had
circulated one of the petitions, was shown
bis supposed signature attached to the
affidavit in which the genuineness of the ,
petition was sworn to. He said ti*e slgna- ;
tu re was not his, but that it had been
signed with his permission by a man
named Glynn. who had assisted him in ;
circulating the petition. Higgins further '
stated that he had gathered most of his |
names by Standing in a Fourth-street sa
loon and' catching people as they came in.
He signed them without knowing whether
they were on the register or not.
Charles Chadwick testified that he was.
for the four weeks of its existence, the
editor of Grace's labor paper, known as
"United Labor." "I was not a regular
member of the gang," said Chadwirk,
"and wasn't much on the inside, but when
I told Grace that I wanted money for my i
expenses he told me to wait a few days, j
that a number of the candidates had prom
ised him contributions. He also told m>?
that he was to receive a large sum of
money from a certain person for the in
dorsement of a whole ticket. This was ■
before the Labor party's ticket was filed
in Sacramento."
A number of witnesses followed who
had all been engaged by Grace as solic
itors, and their evidence was practically
the same as was given by previous wit
nesses of the same class.
Before Commissioner Chipman contin
ued the case until 10 o'clock this morn
ing. General Hart informed the court
that he would like to have it prepare
findings upon: 1. Whether the affidavits!
were signed by parties purporting to have
signed them? 2. If there were forgeries?
He also submitted that the court could
not ratify the statement of Mr. Biggy,
and that the papers of the petitioner
were not In proper form and had not
be»n legally returned by the Registrar,
as provided by law.
Mr. McEnernoy submitted that Grace is
not the chairman of the United Labor
party that there never was a political
party of that name as alleged by him.
that Grace is not a party in the case, and
that his petition does not contain the
names required by law.
t'pon these points, the court stated. It
will prepare findings with as little delay
as dps si pie.
MYSTERIOUS MURDER
OF AN UNKNOWN MAN
Found in a Lonely Pool With Every
Means of Identification Care
fully Removed.
PEORIA. 111., Oct. 28.— The body of a
young man has hern found lying partly
in a puddle of mud on' a lonely road seven
miles above this city. It was well dressed.
There was no mud on the polished shoes,
showing that the body had been carried
to the spot and thrown out of a vehicle.
There are two bullet holes in the head,
both entering from behind.
Every particle of lettering had been cut
from the linen and clothin«r. Near where
the body was :ound a small camp fire was
smoldering.
Inquiry at the notels here throws no
light on the matter. The Coroner found
tattooed on the man's right arm the let
t< r=« "M W" and a heart. The collar bore
the marks "J. L.— - 4," The clothes were
of fine texture and tailor made. The feet
and hands indicate that the man had
been accustomed to luxury.
SWALLOWED A SAFETY PIN.
Suisun Infant Suffers for Months
Before Believed.
SUISI'N, Oct. 28.— About six months ago
the infant child of Mr. and Mrs. William
S. Morrill. well-known residents of Suisun
Valley, swallowed a small-sized safety pin
and for days the life of the little one was
despaired of. All efforts to alleviate her
acute pain proved unavailing. The baby
was taken to San Francisco and subjected
to an X-ray examination, which failed to
locate the eafetv pin, and the parents'
story was regarded a3 a rather uncredl
ble one. At intervals since that time the
child has nearly succumbed to convul
sions. On Wednesday night the cries of
the little sufferer aroused the parents and
the cause of the pain was located. Medi
cal 'aid was summoned and the dangerous
pin was removed with the aid of instru
ments. The child is now doing well.
PHILIPPINES ME
LOST TO SPAIN
Situation as Viewed by
Agroncillo.
NATIVE EMISSARY WRITES
PBOBABLE BESTTLTOFTHEPABIS
CONFERENCE.
Confident That the American Peace
Commission Will Never Sur
render the Eastern
Archipelago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28. — Senor
Agoncillo, the personal representative
and envoy of Aguinaldo, the Philippine
insurgent leader, who was recently here
to secure a representation on the
Peace Commission, has written a
lengthy explanation of the situation In
Paris with respect to the Philippines
to a friend In this city. A translation
of his communication with reference to
this question Is as follows:
I am glad to say that the prospects for
my country and my people arc brighter
now than they were at the time 1 left ;
Washington.
I must confess that at that time I was |
much disheartened and a little dlsap- i
pointed at the result of our visit to the j
American capital, but, nevertheless, it
was not without the accomplishment of
some good, which would never have been
wrought perhaps had we not gone there.
The chief of these was that the American
impression and understanding of the Phil
ippine Islands and their people was, to a
large extt-nt. changed.
That was a most important thing, and
I believe has had the effect of making the
American people more determined that
our country shall not be given back to
Spain and, above all things, what our
people desire und the desire of the Ameri
can people, I am led to believe, from
what I have learned while in Paris, will
be reflected and carried out by the
American Commissioners of Peace.
I can truthfully say that the Ameri
can Commissioners have treated us with
the utmost courtesy and with considera
tion, so that we have bright hopes of the
outcome.
On the other hand, while the Spanish
Commissioners with whom, of course, we
have had less to do, have acted toward j
us in a gentle manner, they havt-. newr- !
theless, shown that they considered the
representatives of the Philippine revolu- ;
tionary government as intruders in Paris, ;
ami that we should be ignored entirely,
especially so far as having anything- at
all to say with reference to the disposition ,
of the islands in the final peace treaty
between the United States and Spain.
However, this was nothing mure than
wus expected by us, especially if the
American Government re-fu.sed to allow
US a representation on the commission.
Thus fai the commission has pro- :
gressed skwly. but this we regard as
favorable to our Government, although ',
we do not tit sire to have the ijiif-stion too
long postponed, but in the meantime the
revolutionary government is given an
opportunity to become better estab
lished, to extend its control and influence
over the Islands, and the impress). ,n
which this action will convey will surely j
have a decided and favorable effect upon
the American Commissioners! when the
matter of the islands Is finally reached.
We are In constant communication
with President Agtrinaldo and are kept
"well advised of the affairs of the Govern- j
ment and its movements. Moreover, we J
shall in a short time receive in Paris
some important documents from our
Government which we shall lay before
the commission, and which. I am sure,
will tend to place us in a favorable light.
While I cannot say that I have the
positive assurance, yet I am satisfied j
from tho knowledge I have gained in
Paris that the American Commissioners
will not consent that tho Philippine Isl
ands or any part of them shall be re- I
turned to Spain.
If that one thing alone is gained— ab- |
solute independence from trie sovereignty
of Spain— then the revolution of my peo
pie, the government establisned by Agui
naido and our mission to Washington and i
to Paris have not been in vain.
I cannot predict absolute Independence i
for my country immediately, but I believe
that that is its ultimate destiny, and I
have so reported to my Government.
PLANTS TT MINOR
NAVAL STATIONS
Commodore Hichborn Reports on the
Needs of the Construction
Bureau.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2S.— A large part
of the burden of equipping the United
States navy for the war with Spain fell
upon the Construction Bureau of the
navy, and In his annual report Commo
dore Hichborn, the chief constructor, fur
nishes many Interesting details as to the
extent of this work, involving the trans
formation of more than 100 merchant
craft into auxiliary naval vessels at short
notice. Looking to the future, the chief
constructor -olnts to the importance of
properly equipping and maintaining plants
at minor naval stations along tht- coast
already established, and he submits es
timates for the purpose, averaging about
$2o 000 in each case. He says that had the
consequences of the recent naval engage
ments in the West Indies been nearly as
serious a« there was reason to expect
they might be the Southern stations
would have been necessary for repairs to
ships too badly injured to be sent to
Northern yards. To keep the nucleus of
the force of men at these stations, small
work should be constantly under way and
proper storehouses should be erected to
keep sufficient quantities of material on
hand. It is suggested that while the new
dock at Algiers, La., is building a suit
able repair plant and storehouses should
be erected.
CLAIMED THE HOLT ESTATE.
Death of an . ex-Soldier Who Had
Visions of Vast Wealth.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— Walter" Brown,
aged 52, an ex-soldier of the United States
army, and a claimant to the Immense Holt
estate in England, died to-day at his
home in this city of bronchial pneumonia.
For ten years he had served in the
Fourth United States Cavalry, and for
the four succeeding years in the Sixth
United States Infantry. Most of this
time he had spent in California and
around the Yellowstone Park. He was a
member of the relief on the way to re
inforce General Custer. at the time of the
(■■"lister massacre, and he also saw service
against Sitting Bull in the Black Hills.
He was honorably discharged frt>m the !
a rmy in XSS3«* ■ "~ ■ ■ * . -
He was a grandson of Stephen B. Holt,
who constructed the United States Hotel,
in this city, and was one of the claimants
to the Holt estate that has been In chan
'' cerv for about 200 years, and is estimated
by some to approach $80,000,000 in value.
Freight Brakeman Killed.
I,OS ANGELES, Oct. 28.— Eldon F.
Sweezy, 28 years old. a Santa Fe brake
man, was run over by a train at North
Cucamonga some time last night, and
died on his way to this city. Sweezy was
head brakeman on a freight train, and
when the train stopped last night at
North Cucamonga he was trying to pre
vent some tramps getting on. The train
broke in two, and he fell Between the cars
as they started. He leaves a widow and
one child.
Sammy Kelly Knocked Out.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— Oscar Gardner,
the Omaha Kid, knocked out Sammy Kol
ly of this city in the fourteenth round
of what was to have been a twenty-five
round fight at 116 pounds, before the
Lenox Athletic Club to-night. Gardner
proved himself to be Kelly's superior in
hard hitting and bulldog tenacity. Kelly
undoubtedly was the better ring general,
but it was" a case of a boxer against a
fighter and the fighter won.
Peru Will Pay the Claim.
LIMA, Peru, via Galveston, Oct. 28.—
The , Peruvian Government has asked
Congress to. vote the sum 0f. 540,000 to pay
the claim of Victor H. Macc'ord, Consular
Agent of the United States at Arequipa,
Peru, in 1895. against the Government for
damages sustained by imprisonment dur
ing the revolutionary outbreak, in ac
cordance with the award of the Right
Hon. Samuel Henry Strong. President of
the Supreme Court of Canada.
Insane Woman Hangs Herself.
STOCKTON, Oct. 2S.— Mrs. Pearl North
cut, aged 38, an inmate of the State Hos
piial for the Insane, committed suicide
this morning by hanging herself out of
her window with a sln-ot. Her trouble
waa melancholia. She was sent to the
asylum from Oakland on August 16. She
had a husband in Idaho, and a sister and
two children in Oakland. She will be
buried at Oakland.
Every continent on the globe, with
the exception of Australia, produces
wild roses. There can be little doubt
that the rose is one of the earth's old
est flowers. In Egypt it is depicted
on a number of very early monuments,
believed to date from 3000 to 3500 B. C.
Rosewater, or the essence of roses, is
mentioned by Homer in the "Iliad," and
the allusion made to the flower in the
Proverbs of Solomon indicates that it
had already been long known.
The Japanese language is said to con
tain 60,000 words. It is quite imp"ssi
ble for one man to learn the entire lan
guage, and a well educated Japanese
is familiar with only about 10,000
words.
Wheat S2 a Bushel.
Some farmers are holding their wheat be
cause they think the price will go to $2 a
buehel. The price, however, may go down
Instead of up, and thus great looses will fol
low delay In selling. In all matters delays
are dangerous, particularly so in sickness. At
the first s=lgn of biliousness, dyspepsia, indi
gestion or constipation cure yourself with
H iFt.ttpr's Stomach Bitters. Don't watt for
your condition to improve itself, fur it is apt
to get worse still.
51 1 FIRE TAILORING
/GSSSt PERFECT FIT, BEST Ta'
r^^^., WORKMANSHIP, at
IsMttW 25 per cent Less than Other
fe| |pls|f Tailors Charge, Go to
t. FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST ft"
WORKMANSHIP, at
' 25 per cent Less ihan Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEiM
/ WWt * All Wool Suits to &1*) . <£QC
I|j I } Order from 4)1 ZIO 00
/ Us PantS *""" .. . $4 to $1 0
jN^"""-""!^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St.
'HO and It " Market St.. San Francisca
000000000000000000
l rH ' PALACE *» D S|
°GRAlVDtiomkMZ\
Z. SAN FRANCISCO. q \
" Connected. by a. covered passageway. T* j
& 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. ** j
O All Under One Management. Q j
O ;■-''•:■.' NOTE THE PaiCSS: Q |
_. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward A \
O American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward
ft Correspondence Solicited. Q
n JOSS 0. KIRE?A?aiCS, Mossier. q
go ooooooooaooooo o o
DR. MEYERS «fc CO.,
SpecJnlists for All Diseases of Men.
— ■ ■ !■!■ -■ I■. ■' TM 1 TTITCT7 1 CTTftrCQ
r*y+*. T *»- tP^A'JTk- 1 ■ ' •* » •■Oil •T 1 L'— *- J^*r?iT~
ii&SS*^^fe^^^^^JL na Y e t '" ? niost exten-
tr'^.'^^" 3S^ i"-M sivp practice and
IsSsSi? largest and best
is§s?*' e< l' jl J'P>"J medical ln-
Vtsßta **Jiy* stitution on the Pa-
s"&* «*£s3T*li^?-^^. clllc Co!lst - They have
/fNi&S- C^tpSfcfi'^si A such confidence In
i\»X^> P^^. ■ Y^ll thpy W*illW * iI1 let the pa "
> V 3k.\ 1 if^»»»*!ii tient deposit the price
'^V^rcfiftft I rjffifSp'* ot a cure ' n an >' bank.
J^^^gXl A^iQSSr&fi or witn any business.
■ rr •i«' flolls^f 10115^ or newspaper
f '<*^^^^2S''^r^^,-^jyg / ln San Francisco, to
'\sr4A^^fxSfr&Wi.*?*!** i be paid to them when
W&g^'^^t^'fSLi&xri'V the cure is effected.
uwtS. fliNsl^w?!^- or wi " take montll 'y
Established 17 Years. patient prefers.
Thousands cured at
home. Advice and private book free. Letters
confidential. DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal. .- V~;
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEAL.E ST3.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
nrtFTffn Full Set of Teeth
VtVU « 1 ~s&> extracting free $500 up5 00 up
« t^^i»i^9 fX Gold Crowns 22k 50 up
4h^f£JM£~& Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
* Open Kvenings & Sundara
S^^i^Kll VAN VROOM
\>^Mfr&fcS*? Electro Dental Parlors
<r SYIJ irS^ Sixth and Market
w Dr. W. Kle;s«r, Prep.
™ Treats successfully all Nervous and Chronic
Diseases affecting the Lungs, Liver, Bowels,
Heart, Stomach, Kidneys, Brain, Nerves etc.
Consultation free at Office or by letter,
W. NORTON DAVIS, M: D.
318 Kearny St. San Franoisco.
fNa ChfehMter 1 * Encllth Dfauavnd Brand.
PChleliMter'* Ea*Uth Dtamvod
ENNYROYAL PILLS
a s~ <J>T*V Original and Only Gecnlne. A
£i( »tvV D?"glst fo? 7 CTKcAr*(^. ladies ut
FttSS U"#tt. Drnifglil tor ChlcAe»tert Bnoliih Dia-/f\\
LM£Uj|^nunj \E-and In Bed »nd <;oli mcu!!io\%fy'
*Vv — Ofcj«bo«'t. «e«led with bias ribbon. Take V«r
M *s» HM°<> other. P.tf\ur dongermu »'ibjri,"u- V
I"/ ~ tioru and imitation*. At Draggisw. or lend 4«.
I C .. *Mf In «t»mp» 'for partleslara, lertioanltli an!
1 W» B " Uellcf for Indies," in letter, bj rctnra
«X -if Hall. 10.000 TnttmeaUli. IT— Paper.
" ""/ CH»*ie»terChen»lcalCa.,Mi«<H»otiBq««r^
fcld by HI Local Druggist*. PBTT.A l>\.. lA
N^i^^L> WHEN YOU
/(^^^l^-i^^^fk R e Q u ' re an ELEC-
(fe^^Vfj^^^TßlC BELT get' Dr.
>B^^^^sPr Pierces" and you will
Jy^^M^j^S' no be disappointed.
3 . Call or address PIERCE
- ■ '*■ ELECTRIC CO., 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F.
/jvs. LADIES Do-irao show
l'^ DR.FELIXLEBRUN'S
\|f *\ Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
T"^ jis the original and only FRENCH.
1 r - cafe and reliable care on the mar-
y "-^ket. Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
r^ . \ Genuine sold only by ;
GEO DAHLBENDEB & CO.. Sole Agents.
214 Kearny at.. San Francisco.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <>«•*
f^fbs Museum of Anatomy
fgIjSJV 1051 14ASKST CX. lot. etU * 7ti, S. T. OaL
i£k&\ DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
l«W»\ • •-•-Oomnltatlon freo. TTrjw for Ueok
• W li^PhliosophI i^Phliosophy "of* Marriage.
.- A 1} • MAILED MIL
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAU.NY AND AtHi.NGIU.-N " bib.—
> deled and renovated. KINO,' WARD - A
CO. European plan. : Rooms 60c to $1 66 day.*
16 to $8 week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la aver/
room: elevator run. ; all D icht. : ;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ #
"absolute security.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
■ ; '••• bear signature of Brent Good. "•
PRINTED ON RED PAPER. V
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE IWinTtfcl™ HEADACHE - SEE
■ L UAIXI trlO FOR dizziness. ■
rruiitin iHITTLE mo BIUOUSMESS. rcviTIWC
rrviTIMP SPITTLE fUK BILIUUoMt^. fiC\IITI\TE
GENUINE il jv FR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
I p|||"s FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR _■ FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
MAiTtK liftnal 1 FOR THE COMPLEXION * KAtTtK
_ OKXXTXE MUirmvijjPHATURC. _
25 Cents 1 Purely Te?eta3»le./^%>^^^rt^ •
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session bescin-
nlr.g on the fourth day of January, A. D. ISS>7,
two-thirds of al! the members elected to each
of the two houses of sal.i Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu- I
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by ;
which it is proposed to amend said section to !
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township, ,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
Ruch year, without the assent of two-thirds
oC the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un- :
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls ,
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of. contracting the
came; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for ,
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro-
vided that any and all claims for making, re- j
pairing altering or for any work done upon or '
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no \
statute of limitations shall apply In any man- :
ncr- and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. In Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of ths
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted- :
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro- \
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the '
State of California an amendment to the Con-
Btitutlon of the State, by adding a new sec- ;
tion to be known and designated as section i
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro- |
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of ;
counties of local county government acts for !
their own government. The said proposed new !
section to read as follows:
Section 7%. The inhabitants of any county ;
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub- \
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State, I
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who !
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy ,
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at :
least twenty days, and within not less than
th'irtv days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
■ mniority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
nower of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it Ehall be the county govern- ;
ment act of such county, and shall in such |
case become the organic law thereof and fur»r-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act. i
\ copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super- .
visors or other legislative body of such county, :
and authenticated by the seal of such county, i
=ettins; forth the submission of such county '
government act to the electors and Its ratlflca-
Hon by them, shall be made in duplicate and i
deposited one In the office of the Secretary of ■
State the other, after being recorded In the '
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county, j
n.mone the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof. :
The county government act so ratified may be !
Amended at Intervals of not less than two
rears by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe- :
cial election held at lenft forty days after the
publication of such proponll for twenty days
tB a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap- j
proved by the Legislature as herein provided i
for the approval of the county government act. j
In submitting any such county government act '■
any alternative article or proposition may be i
presented for the choice of the voters, and may j
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Others. - : ...
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In I
which the times at which., and the terms for
which. the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa- i
tion; for the number of such officers, for the j
consolidation or - segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all • boards of election • shall be
elected or appointed; and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the ■ manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po- |
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner j
and method herein pointed - out. adopted any j
county government net. and the same shall j
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction' of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters hereinabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment .first
submitted to the elecl»r^ and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the i
State of California an amendment to. the Con- I
stitution of the State, by adding a new section. |
to be known and -designated as section five and
one-naif. I article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be , known as th«
Court of Claims. Tne said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: '■'''.'■ •'•■''•
Section 5V4- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold !
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court I
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to !
hear and determine all claims of every kind I
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In the City of I»s : Angeles, "■ commencing on
the second Monday of March: '.-■'' ... '-„*.■
In the City ' and County of San - Francisco,
commencing on the : second Monday in July,
and - -■■''-■ •-.-.*■ - *■• ■ ' -'■•.'"'■' ,-r' ■*. r.7\- !
In the ' City ■of . Sacramento, commencing on |
the second . Monday of November of each. year. ;
The Judges . holding such term s. of court shall
receive- no extra -compensation therefor* but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund at the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all. laws 1 necessary
to : organize such court, to provide the pro- j
redure thereof and to carry out the provision*
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR. .
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven.
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Tha
(said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6^. The provisions of sections four
and live of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation pasppd pursuant thereto, apply '.j
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California. by
which It Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 13. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability iha..
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
terr.pore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shaH cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the power? and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
flce shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 88.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tar
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants. In
which a course of study shall he taught which
\> -i ; repare pupils to enter the agricultural,
•^f.ric or scientific department of the Unlver-
fcTy of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN., ;V
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the-
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature.- by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: " : ' ■ ..
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree-
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the*
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. 18S3.
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State' at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. . T>. 1893.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the . following
words, whereupon the voter may express hi*
choice as provided by law: _ •. > : .
Amendment Number One. being Senate  - ,
Constitutional Amendment No. % 41 ,
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the- existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred). . . , , ■
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two, being Senate -.-'. '--fy
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Ye*
(providing for framing local county- — — .
government acts by Inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment ? ... , ,[.:-■ \'' ; •
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional ' Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of- — — -
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?. - .- . ■ ■-• {.
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or- ■
' ganized, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? ■■■■-•• ■ ■ .■-.. {'
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly ' Constitutional. Amendment .-
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, , ; Tea
providing for succession thereto in — —
certain cases and removing- 'disability No
of Lieutenant Governor, from holding ■.*;.. •=. ,
other office during term). •. .
For the Amendment?' . . '■--.
Amendment Number -Six, being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 33 • * Tea
(relating to and ■: defining Grammar
Schools). :.; : . -^~.--;S'.i ■ ; -■■ •, No
For the Amendment? , - I
Amendment Number Seven, being As- f •
• sembly Constitutional. Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for • not less than thirty — —
nor more than sixty days during each ■ ■No
■ session). : • •-" .- ■ . ' ?-^ g
For the Amendment?- ... % I ••
-Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herela
first above written. - ' '■ ' - ' - ■■ - ■
• JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Stata. ■■
row * i.."* " ■ ■ . .'..-.. -V"' -^/
«.*.^^HDBhk£4>i.M *"* *"" non-potsoßcm»
t'jM^^*^hli remedy for Gonorrhoea,
>^^TjUUEisVeN Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
aWrin l to 5 ii»T« Whites, unnatural di»>
JSv-' Oearante«4 *3 charges, or any iuflamiaa-
ffSfl Dot to stricture. tlon, irritation or nice ra-
g*~ «4jPreTtats contagion. tion of neons mem-
fJSITHEEvAM3CHEM!P«LRO. Cranes. Non-aetringent.
ilSsgk cmomN*Ti.o JHB Sold by ?r? rn ***" s '
MflE^. n<; x s"Ssf or sc ' nt a Plain wrapper,
JOH^*'' L4GF$3i bT exprei»i. prepaid, fo»
.^^W^teBWSE^W • 51-00, or •'"• bottles, $2.75.
V^QHrv ■ CircuUr Mat on request*
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver. a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley lower.
" More activity in Oats.
Corn and Rye dull.
Hay firm but quiet.
Feedstuff range the same.
Beans and Seeds unchanged,
•v Rice somewhat higher.
' Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter off again-. • •
Eggs continue to advance.
Poultry weak 1 and plentiful.-
Game steady.
"Wine Grapes weaker. Apples firmer*
Dried Fruits still dull.
Provisions looking up. <•
Hides weaker.
Wool and Hops unchanged.
Meat market undisturbed.
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
, jV-
Exports of Salmon from this port during the
first nine months of the year were 203,436 cases
mid MOO packages, valued at 5M1. 370. against
284,411 cases and 9729 packages at ?1,259,32" dur
ing the same time in 1597.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Oct. 28, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were \
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Fresno. 78; Los Angeles, 74; Red
Bluff. M: San Luis Oblsi>o, SO; San Diego, 66;
Sacramento, SO; Independence, 80; Ytunal SS.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
76; minimum, 54; mean, 65.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AN.D GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over Washington and
Oregon and clear in all other districts. Light
rain is reported from Northwestern "Washington
and from Northern Montana and North Dakota.
The pressure is falling rapidly along the Pa
cific Coast and there pears to be a storm off
the coast of Oregon. It Is as yet too distant
to determine its course or severity.
The temperature has risen over California and
Nevada and fallen over Oregon and Washing
ton.
Conditions are favorable for unsettled weather
Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Oct. 29. 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy and some
what threatening Saturday, with showers on
the extreme northwest coast; cooler; fresh to
brisk southerly winds. : Tt'-
Southern California— Partly cloudy Saturday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday, becoming
threatening in the north portion.
Utah— Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy and
somewhat threatening Saturday; cooler; fresh
southerly wind.
Mount Tamalpais— Partly cloudy: wind north,
12 miles; temperature, 69, maximum tempera
ture, 72. G. H." WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2S.— The stock market to
day took on some of the characteristics of a
bull campaign in full form. Business was large
and exceedingly well distributed, many of the
usually inactive stocks being brought forward
into the market, while the market was much |
less dominated by the specialties, which, bow
ever, continued very active, particularly Sugar
and Tobacco. The former was less violent in I
its fluctuation than yesterday, and although
it advanced several times it met more stock
than it could carry. It ended the day un
changed. Tobacco, on the other hand, after a i
fractional decline, surged strongly upward, the j
extreme rise being nearly Hve points. The i
rise was coupled with rumors of the flotation
of the new plug : liany, and in the !
taking in of many large competitors in that j
field. Another conspicuous move was that in !
the iron and Pteel stocks, which were led by
the dealings in the securities of the new Fed
eral Steel Company when issued. These stocks
were at one time 11,I 1 , to 1% above last night. <
The company certificates of the Minnesota Iron
Company with the cash payment added, giving
the rieht to entry into the Federal Company, j
sold at 131, an advance of four points, and the j
Illinois Steel certificates closed at ..-■ bid, a
gain of two points. Securities of other iron
and steel companies showed strength to a less
decree. Sneculation in the railrcad stocks was
active and varied, the Grangers leading In
point of activity. There was a marked de
traction from the activity in the latter part
of the day nnd the room traders took profits,
reducing the days net gains below the figure
of the extreme advances.
There was very notable activity and strength
In the bond market and evident pressure r,f
large sums of money seeking investment. Bonds
of Western and Southern roads, especially re
organization bonds, seem to be In special fa
vor. Total sale?. $3,313,000.
United States threes old, four registered and
the fives coupon advanced l i in the bid price.
The new threes were very active. The coupon
sold at 106 nearly all day, which is the record
price.'
The total sales of stocks to-day were 378.500 '
shares, including: Atchisoo preferred, 7492;
Manhattan, 14. i.V; Metropolitan. 7796; Northern
Pacific. 10.560; do preferred, -5190; Rock Island.
10.920: Union Pacific. 56«2: do preferred, 6573;
St. Paul, 28,541; sujrar. 33.64*.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12% I Do preferred 63
Do preferred 3.",- i Do 2d prefrd ■"<■■•>
Baltimore & Ohio.. 44% St Louis & & \\\... 5%
Canada Pacific M"*' Do preferred 13
Can Southern 53*4 St Paul 109%
Central Pacific 26 Do preferred.... 160
Ches & Ohio 21% St P & Om 81
Chicago .v Alton.. 153 Do preferred l£o
Chi B & Q 11714 St P M & M 168
Chi & E Illinois —34 do Pacific 23
Do preferred. .a. .los So Railway 8%
Chi G W 1.. 14% Do preferred 34%
Chi Ind & L 7 Texas & Pacific... 13%
Do preferred 2.'. Union Pacific 32%
Chi & X W 132V4 Do preferred 64%
Do preferred 177 ; VP D & G.. 5%
C C C & St L 39% Wahash 7*4
Do preferred: 85 Do preferred 20%
Del & Hudson 103 Wheel &- L E S
Del L & W 140- Do preferred 18%
Den & X Grande... 13 Express Companies-
Do preferred 55% Adams Ex 110
Erie (new) 12% American Ex 135
Do lit prefrd 3.' United States 4.'i
Ft Wayne 171 Wells Fargo 120
Gt Nor preferd....l37 Miscellaneous —
Hocking Valley 3 A Cot Oil 38*4
Illinois Central 106% Do preferred 87%
Lake Erie & W... 14 Amer Spirits 11%
Do preferred 61 Do preferred 34'
Lake Shore 192 Amer Tobacco 133%
Louis & Nash.. 56 1 iDo preferred 123
Manhattan L U5',4 Cons Gas ISI
Met St Rail way... 161 Com C*ble Co 179
Mich Central 106 Col F & Iron 20% ;
Minn &St L 27 Do preferred 80 I
Do Ist prefrd SO I Gen Electric 81%
Mo Pacific 33V« Haw Com Co 47
Mobile & Ohio 25 Illinois Steel 95
Mo X Ac T 10% Inter Papers 52
Do preferred :«'.; Do preferred 87
X .1 Central SS% Laclede Gas 4S
N V Central 115 Lead "4
N V Chi &St L... 11% Do preferred 109%
. Do Ist prefrd fiO Minn Iron 131
Do 2d prferd...... 31 Nat Lin Oil 5
Nor West 12 Pacific Mail 33%
No Amer Co 6%tPeople's Gas 104%
No Pacific 40% Pullman Pal 197
Do preferred 76 .Silver Cert 61
Ontario & W 14% Stand R & T 6%
Or R & Nay 53 Sugar .....113%
Or Short Line 28 ' Do preferred .108
Pac Coast let yrfd. 78 TC & 1r0n...; 28%
Do 2d prfrti 56% : U S Leather 6*4
Plttsburg 169 | Do preferred 65
Reading 16% U S Rubber.......;. 42%
Do Ist prfrd 39%' Do preferred 102%
R G W ...27 West Union *2&
Do preferred 60 I Brooklyn R T 66%
Rock Island 103% Federal Steel 31V>
St Louis & S F.... 714! Do preferred...... 72%
CLOSING BONDS. -•.'•
U 8 !s 106 NY Central lsts. 117%
V 8 new 4s reg.. 127% X J C 5s 114
Do coup 125% x Carolina 6s 122
V S 45... lllVv Do 4a 103
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 93 Do 3s 66%
V Sss re* 112% Do 4s 100%
Do 5s coup 113% X V C & St L 4s. 105
District 3.65s 118 Nor & W 6s 123
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn cons. 14814
Do B 10S Do deb os 120%
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ... 100 O Xav 4s 100
Atchlson 4s 94% O 8 Line Cs tr.... 128%
Do adj 4s 73 OS Line 5s tr.... 10SK
Can So 2ds 109% Pacific Cs of 95.. 102%
Chi Term 4s 89% Reading. 4s ... 81%
C & Ohio ss. 116% n G W lsts 87
C H & D 4%5.... 104% St L & I M C 5«. 68%
D & H r, lsts 11l St L & S F G 6s. 120
D & R G 4s 97% St P Con Id
East Term lsts... 107% St P C & P lsts.. 119%
Erie Gen 4s. 70% Do 5s .... ... US "
F W & D lsts tr. 76>4 So Railway 55.... 95%
Gen Elec os 109 Stand R &. T 6s. 77
<; H&S A6s 102 Term new set 3s. 04
Do 2ds 102 Tex PL G lsts... 107
II &TC Cs 111% Do Tig 2d»....... 45%
Do con 6s 110% U P D & G lsts. 80%
lowa C lIIU 104% Wab Ist os 11,
La new con 45.. 106 Do 2ds 59%
L & X Unl 45.... 90% W Shore 45....... 11l "
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 78%
MX A T 2d5..... 64% Do deferred .... 8
Do 4s ........... 89?* Wis Cent lsts.... CO
MINING RTOCKB.
Chollar gJOntario 3 65
Crown Point lOiOphir 50
Ctal & Va.... SOlPlymouth 8
Deadwood 4.">j Quicksilver 1 23
Gould & Curry .. 35| Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcrosa.. P">! Sierra Nevada .... 60
Homestake E0 00 Standard 175
Iron Silver 65 I'nlon Can 20
Mexican 151 Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Xlonev — I Do prefd 57
Call loans 2(T(SIWis Central 2
Time loans 2 ! , 2 &4 Ed Elec Tel ttt
Ptucks— Atchison prefd ... 35%
AT& SFe UK Bonds—
Amer Sugar 113 Atchisnn 4s 94V4
Do prefd 108 Wls Contral Is 59
Bay State Gas V£ Mining Shares-
Bell Te1eph0ne.... 277 Allouez Mining Co. 5
Boston A "Albany.. 242V4" Atlantic 28
Boston A Maine. .163 I Boston & M0nt. ...226
Boston L 63?iiButte & 805t0n.... 32%
Chi Bur & Q 117% Calumet & Hecla..sSs
Fitchburg 104% Centennial |9
Gen Electric SUi Franklin 14*
Mexican Central... 4»i'Old Dominion 27
Old Colony 193 (juiney l-'l
Rubber 42V< ' Tamarack 173
Union Pacific TS%\ Wolverine wji
West End + 81 I Parrott 23Vi
Do prefa 10» jHumboldt 5%
Westinghouse E... 33 i
NEW YORK MONEY.
NEW YORK, Oct. Money on call steady
at lUQ2 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3@4 per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S5" 2 f;4 85% for demand and $4 S2V«
@4 82% for CO days; posted rates, $4 S3@4 S3<4
and $4 SG'g4 S6V4; commercial bills, $4 81. Stiver
certificates, 51062 C. Bar silver, 60% c. Mexi
can dollars, 47'. e. Government bonds, strong;
railroad bonds, strong.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
The improvement in the stock markets here
noted yesterday was continued to-day, French
specialties being particularly good. The up
ward movement in Americans continues,
mainly on New York support, and the close
was ■at about the best, St. Paul being espec
ially BtrODE.
In spite of the general recovery the markets
cannot yet be described as settled.
'Silver was strong. It was- reported that a
Spanish order is imminent for about one mil
lion ounces.
The money market is easier, supply being
rather more abundant. Continental exchanges
were consequently lower.
CLOSING:
LONDON. Oct. 2S.— Canadian Pacific, 84;
Grand Trunk. C%; bar silver, steady, 28d;
money, 22 per cent. Spanish fours closed at
PARIS, Oct. 2S.— Spanish fours closed at
42. 12 72.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2i>.-Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Prices declined in
the early part of the week on the decision of
the Supreme Court against the legality of the
Joint Traffic Association and on the disturbed
financial and political situation abroad, which
resulted in heavy sales of American stocks for
London and continental account. Later on,
however, the outlook was somewhat improved,
and with it the temper of speculation here un
derwent a decided change for the bettor. Lead
ing interests appeared to take hold of the
Grangers and other favorite stocks and there
was also a slight but sufficiently marked in
crease in the outside participation. At the
same time the market has been a profesional
one and was influenced largely by manipulation
on the part of large interests. The situation
abroad was the main factor and until it be
came reasonably clear that neither war nor
revolution need be apprehended at present
there was a decidedly conservative feeling In
financial circles on this Bide. The decision
against the Joint Traffic Association fiiled to
produce the same impression in speculation as
the trans-Missouri case did. It would seem that
the market disregards the present adverse rul
ing because the association has virtually been
a dead letter for months past and because It
is expected that it will lead to action by Con
gress on a pooling bill.
The continued favorable character of rail
road earnings, particularly at the West, also
tends to minimize the importance of the de
cision. More or leas favorable accounts of
trade conditions contributed to the bullish feel-
I ing of the week, though American Sugar stock
: has beea n weak feature* in the maintenance of
! the competitive price. American Tobacco stock,
j after a sharp rise to above 130, reacted, but
finally rose to over 134 on the announcement
that the plug tobacco manufacturing combina
tion is to go on after all. Apart from these two
specialties the industrial stocks have been gen
erally strung, though the chief activity r,f the
I market was in the railroad sharv list, v.-hich,
I selling off early in th« week, rallied sharply
1 on short covering, manipulation and some fresh
; buying, the Granger stocks taking the lead.
, South railroad securities have also improved
! on the frosts at the i^outh and the ending of
the yellow fever epidemic.
It is noticed that the bond market i« active
and* strong, with renewed dealings at higher
:n many issues, the St. Louis South
! western and Atchison boing the feature.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2S.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at ninety-one cities for the week ended
October 27. with the percentage of increase an.l
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $503,951,T66 13.6
Boston 103,373,32? 6.4 ....
Chicago 116.146.C67 15.0
Philadelphia 53,927,250 .... 15.7
St. Louis 29.554.393 6.6
Plttsburg 20,332,06$ » 21.0 ....
Baltimore 19,575,366 44.8 ....
San Francisco 15,232,996 3.3 ....
Cincinnati 11,610,250 1.1
Kansas City 13.464.540 15.6
New Orleans 7.545.420 10.6
Minneapolis 12,157,759 8.1
Detroit 6.5.50.393 1C.6
■ Cleveland 7,753.616 15. 2 ....
Louisville 6.323,995 12.2 ....
Providence 7.545,300 9.6
Milwaukee 6.244.503 .... 2.6
St. Paul 5.523.973 13.
I Buffalo 4.398.349 2.2
i Omaha 7,8'»,576 25.1
Indianapolis C.467,063 9.8
i Columbus, 0 4.395.700 42.0
Savannah 3.859.916 3.6
Denver 2.853,553 21.6 j
Hartford 2.195,828 .... 3.8
Richmond 2,370,13.*, 1",.7 ....
Memphis 2,025,794 11.4
Washington 1.979,228 2.0 ....
Peorla 1,515,925 13.3
Rochester 1,621,802 9.3
New Haven 1,467.03.". 47.8
Worcester 1,574,272 2.4
Atlanta 1.579.936 1.6
Salt Lake City 1,829,599 2.0
Springfield, Mass.. 1,243,. 1.5
Fort Worth 2,083,240 05.0
Portland. Me 1,475.609 7.1 ....
Portland. Or 2,178.802 2.0 ....
St. Joseph 2,139.643 68.0
Los Angeles 1.222,377 .... 3.4
Norfolk 1.777,070 3.3
Syracuse I.C-22.82S 5.4
Dcs Molnes 1,005.616 .... v 23.8
Nashville 1.687,674 7.0
Wilmington, Del... 709.723 2.7
Fall River.... 713.582 .... - 22.0
I Scranton 805.855 12.4
Grand Rapids 977,085
Augusta, Ga 1,047,030 .... 3.1
-Lowell 859,175 30.3
Dayton, 0 815.454 26.1
Seattle 1,342.470 21.4
I Tacoma $57,486 .... 1.1
; Spokane • 910,637 19.1
Sioux City..... 971. 24.2
New Bedford . 445.716 .... 1.7
Knoxvllle. Term.... 541. 186 17.3
Topeka 566.036 it. 4 ....
Birmingham 547,162 11.4
Wichita 432.738 14.2
Blnghamton 322. 16.2
Lincoln 266.675 ■ 1.9
Lexington. Ky 337.824 52.5
Jacksonville. Fla.. IM.MB 13.2
Kalamazoo 327. 23.8
Akron 357.700 65.8
Bay City 167, 98« .... 13.4
! Chattanooga • 388,789 28.0 ....
Rockford. 11l 224.205 .. 9.2
Canton. 0 148.900 15.
Springfield, 0 224.435 70.4 . ....
Fargo, N. D 405.400' 35.0 ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 102.558 .24.2 -
Hastings, Neb 103.179 6.3 •: ....
Fremont, Neb 122,356 76.8 ....
Davenport 609,227 1.8 ....
Toledo • 1,629,393 V 4.8, ....
•Galveston 10,421,300 7.3 ....
•Houston 9,097,971 15.7 ....
Youngstown ....... 343.963 27.8 ....
••Macon 617.000 ....
••Evansville 677,097 ....
••Helena 619,963 .... ....
••Little Rock 812,158 .... ....
Totals, V. S $1,325,528,598 11.0 ....
Totals outside of
New York 524.546,820 , 7.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $15,740,205 21.4
Toronto 8,880,067 - 19.8
Winnipeg 2,348.800 .... 24.7
Halifax 1,243.703 9.1
Hamilton 605.828 2.0
St. John, N. B 577.452 4.1
••Vancouver ........ 687,664 ...; ....
Totals 529,396.592 14.0 " ....
•Not included In totals ' because containing
■ other Items than clearings. --.
••Not included In totals because of no com
parison for last year. i-
DUX'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.-R. O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will says to-morrow:
Business has been more affected by foreign
affairs than many realize. London's apprehen
sion of war first caused advance in wheat and
fears of monetary pressure hpre. Then came
confidence In Ix>ndon with a flight of French
money across the chnnnel, and stock markets
advanced while wheat fell. Mobs in Paris did
not mean to influence American interests from
New York to San Francisco, but electric wires
have made the world small. The wires moved
a cargo of wheat from the Pacific Coast, start
ed $2, 500,000 more gold from Australia to this
country on London account, and the selling of
American securities 4h» day and buying the
next. There has been^Tio domestic change of
much Importance, and the rise In price of
WVstern railroad stocks indicates that the Su
preme Court decision against the Trunk Line
Association Is considered helpful to railroads.
Wheat rose 3 cents from Friday to Monday,
and then fell 4%c to Friday. But such changes
do not renresent actual conditions, and with
receipts for the week 9,558.205 bushels, against
6,996,587 last year, nobody can pretend that
holding of stocks by Western farmers is an
important factor. The Atlantic exports, flour
Included, amount to 3.796, R30 bushel? against
3.864,649 last year, and Pacific exports 825,994
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SAT UUP AT, OCTOBEK 29, 1898.
bushels against 1,326.808 last year, making 16,
607,362 bushels in four weeks against 19,418,047
last year, when the foreign demand was far
beyond all precedent. In four weeks the
Western receipts have been over 40.150,693 bush
els against 30,723,288 last year, and yet prices
are 25c lower. This clearly Indicates much
larger supplies and greater readiness to part
with them than was seen a year ago. when no
body doubted the magnitude of the foreign de
mand. Corn refuses to follow -wheat, but
slightly advanced. -" , _
Cotton rope to 5%c last week, but has fallen
to 5%c in epite -of heavy frosts in part of the
growing region. This expresses strongly the
belief that no curtailment of yield is possible
that will affect the surplus more than the clos
ing of Eastern mills one month in three, and
the reduction of consumption abroad, aor Eu
ropean mills, as well as those "* this country,
have surplus stocks produced from the nign
priced cotton of last year which they cannot
profitably market. The frosts seem not to havfi
damaged the crop appreciably, but a }iein
much smaller than has been expected _ win ex
ceed with present stock the quantity the worm
can consume. - . • . ,_.__
Wool dealers have reached the conclusion
that, with the heavy stocks on hand. It .ls no
longer a question of profit, but of avoid ins,
losses. The concessions have brought a big in
crease in sales for the week, though for ■four
weeks the aggregate has been only H»™- ™
pounds against 36,394.098 last year, 28.320,100 in
'Now Ohio"hoi'ders are asking 2 to 3 cents ten
Now Ohio holders are asking 2 to 3 cents less
than a month ago, having 73 per cent of line
and 40 per cent of medium wool yet on hand,
while 104,000 bales of wool are offered to foreign
bidders who may decide to export it. < ; " 1( l e
weather has made somewhat more demand tor
goods and yet not enough to change the situa
tion materially. The cotton manufacturer has
still a good demand late as It is but the mak
ers are depressing prices by bidding against
each other, although in the average of all quo
tations the decline has been ess than hal of
one per cent from the highest point. But the
wire nail manufacturers have reduced prices
5 per cent, and the rail manufacturers, accord-
Ing to current reports, have decided not to ad
vance prices, and there is a prospect that he a ■ >
demand for products will be further encouraged
by the later quotations. . ..
Failures for the week have been 226 in the
United States against 219 last year, and M in
Canada against -25 last year.
BRADSTREET'S BUSINESS REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.-Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Irregularities in prices and^trade
movements has been rather more marked this
week than for some time past, but measured
by all the usual standards of business devel
opment the situation is one of exceptional ac
tivity and even strength. The active foreign
demand at advanced prices for American cer
eals and their products appeared to have cul
minated early in the week in a virtual war
scare" market, in which the highest prices
reached since early in August were recorded.
The reaction shown, however, has been a small
one. testifying to nervousness both at home
and abroad, growing out of the exceptionally
small gains in world's supplies, reports of dam
age to wheat in the fields in the Northwest
and in Manitoba, activity in the milling 1 "
mand for wheat at home. Minneapolis breaking
all records of flour production for the week
and a continuance of the talk of rather less
than anticipated outturns of crops abroad
noted for some time past. _ Evidences of reac
tion in prices are not confined to wheat but
extend to lard and coffee among food product?.
Bessemer pigiron, lead and cotton, while most
other cereals, pork and beef, copper and print
cloths have remained steady and unchanged.
In distributive trade reports of bad _ weather
interfering with regular demand and collec
tions, but of stimulating retail trade in heavy
winter goods, coming West »nd Northwest,
whence also come advices of bad roads, crip
pling the farmers' ability to deliver wheat to
market. Against this, however, must be cited
the fact that primary receipts of wheat are In
excess of one year ago and for the : season are
fully equal to those of last year.. A great burst
of activity in nearly all lines has followed the
freeing of the lower Mississippi section from
the numerous quarantines and country buying
is reported active in that section. From the
Pacific Coast, particularly Puget Sound and
Columbia River points, the advices are of very
active trade, heavy grain receipts being largely
absorbed by mills working on export orders,
and erf Increasing trade with our new depend
encies. Here at least the tone. of business re
mains rather quiet. ■'?*■'
The industrial situation has many points of
Interest in it. The cotton goods trade is closely
following the workings of the plan of restric
tion adopted by the Fall River print clot*-,
mills. Much is hoped from the reduction in
output pledged to occur between now and Feb
ruary 1. Mills employing 3500 operatives sh»t
down this week, but the non-inclusion of mills
producing similar goods in other New England
Cities has lack of knowledge of the extent to
which those concerned will see to extend the
foreign outlet for these goods are uncertain
features in the outlook for a continuance of
present firm quotations. The movement of the
raw Product to market, stimulated probably
to some extent by removals of quarantine re
strictions is now far in advance— 3oo,ooo bales
!at least— of last year, and expectations of
a heavier crop than last year is a bearish fea
ture more than offsetting reports of killing
frosts throughout the South. Prices are conse
quently lower and speculation lags. . .
Sales of wool are of increased volume, cut
much of this, particularly at Boston, is re
ported moved at concessions caused by chang
ing of bank loans. The. manufactured product
! remains slow of sale at first hands, but ad-
I vices of good retail buying are more numerous,
as a result, of cold, inclement weather, particu
larly West and South. The iron and steel situ
ation continues without much change, though
shading of prices of Bessemer piglrpn and bil
lets to satisfy the desire of producers to main
tain activity in the face of confessedly quieter
tone of business.
In other industries the report is generally of
plenty of work, but at prices which tend to
confirm the views of those who claim that
profit margins have been permanently reduced.
Instances of this are found in the reports of
52 000 more people employed in New York mate
in industries now than one year ago and in
the reports of Implement manufacturers that
on a lot of business where the per cent is In
excess of last year profits have not been pro
portionately increased.
Wheat including: flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 5,500.991 bushels against 4.582.
773 bushels last week. .-.511,391 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1897. 3,368.000 bushels in
1W "743.014 bushels in 1896. and 2,934,3 1 2 bush
els in" 1804 Since July 1 this year the exports
of wheat aggregate 66.771,880 bushels against
73.253.594 bushels last year.
Business failures for the week number 219. as
compared with 213 last week. 218 In this week
a year ago 246 in 1896. 299 in 189.' and 253 In 1894.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
numbered 23 as against 24 last week. 29 in this
week a year ago 37 in 1896, 4S In 1895 and 46
in 1834.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— FLOUR— Receipt?, 35,
778 barrels, exports, 35,272 barrels; weak and in
active Minnesota patents. $3 9504 10; Minne
sota bakers, 53 l»<!p 30; winter patent J3 75@
4; winter straits. $3 55(53 65; winter extras,
$2 50«72 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 324,655 bushels: exports,
32fi tM bushels. Spot— Easy ; Xo. 2 red, 76T^c,
f  b. afloat. Options— Opened weak in re
sponse to lower cables and large spring wheat
receipt?. After a silent rally on blc clear
ances at noon they weakened again under light
rx-iort developments and closed unsettled at
'•..'V- decline. No. 2 red May, 71"»@72%e.
closed 72Hc.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS.
There was a very encouraging improvement
in th;- general temper of the Metal Exchange
to-day Tin, copper, lead and spelter exhib
ited pronounced strength, with prices decidedly
hiKher In most instances. Increased demand,
favorable foreign news and withdrawal of sell
ers were responsible for the better feeling. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants unchanged; $7 bid $7 25
LAKE COPPER— Firm; buyers and sellers,
Jl2 50.
TlX— Firmer; $18 bid, $18 25 asked.
LEAD— Firmer; $3 67% bid, ?3 70 asked. The
firm naming the Bettllng price for Western
miners and smelters quotes lead at $3 50.
SPELTER— Firmer; $5 12^ bid, $5 15 asked.
COFFEE— Options— Closed steady at net un
changed prices; sales 14,750 bags, induing No
vember, $4 90(Jr4 95; March. $5 45@5 50. Spot
ooffee—Rlo, dull and easy; No. 7 invoice. 6%<3>
h%c: No. 7 jobbing. 6%c. Mild— Dull and barely
steady; Cordova. tQUC.
SI'GAR — Raw— Firm; fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c; molasses. 3 9-NSc.
Refined, firm.
Bt'TTER — Receipts, 556S packages; firm;
Western creamery. 1"i5?23c; factory, IH4@I4M;C.
EGGS— Receipts, 591ti packages; firmer; West
ern, 20', ic.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2?.— California dried fruits:
Apples, strong: other fruit steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7fjSr;
prime wire tray, 7H@7'%c; choice, 7%@Bc; fan
cy, BV4c.
PRUNES— SV4<&-S*ic as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll®14c; Moorpark, 13(ffl7c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, Sy 2 <BUc; peeled, 14>4
@18c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2S.— Owing to a considerable
drop In the Liverpool prices and . a' prevailing
Impression that the difficulty between England
and France would be | amicably : arranged . De
cember wheat here started weak at from }£@%c
below yesterday's close. That much having
been lopped off at ; one swoop , the . market for
two ' hours thereafter " made desperate but on '
the whole unsuccessfuV efforts to -recover some
of the sudden loss. . The buying .during ■ that
time was sufficient to prevent any further' de
cline, although those who took, the wheat were
chiefly : induced thereto iby ..: the ' possession of ,
puts , reported good for the day or week. For
an ..hour during the. middle of • the session' the
range- in December wheat was from 66% c. sellers
to iiti' /4 bid, the best illustration that could be
presented of the rut Into which speculation has
dropped. ■ The 1 day's ■ news was , in ■> the main
bearish and It was not without crumbs of com
fort ' for the bears. The close was .at a - de
cline of \±@%c for December from yesterday's
closing prices. ' v ; l **Gt&SW)< ! t
I An Improvement in the weather and increased
offerings , from the Interior caused an easy feel
ing in corn. The decline In wheat was also a
consideration. - ; There was considerable selling
of long property, and prices suffered slightly in
consequence. December closed with a loss of
•He. . •■'■■-• ,■'■•'. ' :; -*-:- •-■'.' ■ ■ ■"-■'
Small receipts and a good cash . demand :on
account of the demoralized rail rates held oats
firm. May closed %c lower. * • '• : .„_
Liberal receipts of hogs and a slight falling
off in the cash demand, together, with the de
cline in grain, weakened provisions. Packers
sold quite freely, - causing a small ,n, n , cesßlon
in prices generally. Pork declined ,7%c and
lard and ribs 5c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. ■ i ©pen. * High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— __.
October , ..... ..... -;•• <«;■*
December 66»i €6^ 66' 66y«
May 67 07% 66% «».. ■ 67V4
Corn No. — -: ■-.•-- T&-1 «.„.,,
October ............ 31% 32 31% . 31%
December . 32% 32 31%.. 31%
May..... 34U 34% 34 - , 34V*
Oats No. 2—
December 23-% 23% 23% 23
May.... 24' i 241, 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
December 7 S2',i 7 82% 7 77'^ ■ 7SO
January .9 00 9 02,4 893 8 a.'.z
Lard, per 100 pounas — • .„'„,,
December ... 4 85 4 85 4 80 4 82&
January 490 4 92& 4*> 490
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December ■"•• : 52,,
January 4 Co 4 65 4 60 4 62H
Cash quotations were as follows: „„,,
- Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat. 6o(ff6.£>c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 63(S«5>,jc; No. 2 red. 67@68c;
No. 2 corn. 32%@35%c; No. 2 oats. 24%@2ac: No.
2 white, 26H@27Hc; No. 3 white, 2£tto26sc:
No. 2 rye. sO'/.@3lc; No. 2 barley, 33@4Sc; No.
1 flaxseed. 99c: prime timothy seed, V 37>,,;
mess pork, per barrel, $7 So@7 85; lard, per 100
lbs, $4 85®4 87%: short ribs sides (loose). 34 _»»
©5 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 54 60@4 To,
short clear sides (boxed), $6 10©5 20: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 2a.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment^
Flour, barrels 14.000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 148.000 170.000
Corn, bushel* ........; 217,000 236,000
Oats, bushels* .:v;.::v;.:::::::%ooo '• 204,000
Rye. bushels 26,000 88,000
Barley, bushels ._. 76.000 - 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries, 14(f?21c: dairies,
12(??19c. Eggs, firm; fresh, I7@l7^c. Cheese,
steady; former price.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities- Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 637,250 JJH?U
Duluth 403.845 228.203
Milwaukee 31.850 ; .2-'>
Chicago 148.850 JTO.4W
Toledo 46.142 21.700
St. Louis • ••:::::: 123.000 75,000
Detroit 21.413 24.999
Kansas ci{y"::::::::::::::.:_97>o 133.500
V Totals 1,411.850 720,314
Tidewater-
Boston *". .'• 165.497 25.289
New York-.:::::;:::.::::::... 324:075 321.^0
Philadelphia 5.639 02.100
Baltimore •
New Orleans •••;*'*
Galveston 40.600
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat- t> ec - c M ,
Opening ** ° ,it,
Closing 6 «* 5 11%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour- Oet- Jan.-Apl.
Opening « 25 46 50
Closing ...48 40 46 )0
Wheat— • |jjs gg
Opening » W «»
Closing 22 00 21 8a
■;;■ NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON. J
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 28.— The local wheat
market is still quiet but not quotably lower.
There is very little business being done except
on old account, sellers refusing to adapt
themselves' to the changed conditions brought
about by weaker foreign markets and higher
freights. Nominal quotations are: «lc for
Walla Walla and 63@64c for Valley and Blue
* Cleared— British ship Cambrian Queen, with
69 548 bushels wheat; British ship Claekmann
shire with 57.05S bushels wheat: British ship
Argo! with 53.912 bushels wheat, all for
Queenstown.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 852. bushels.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Wash.. Oct. 28.— Wheat, Club. 59c;
Blue Stem, 62t?63c.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000; best steady; others weak; 10c lower. Na
tive steers, J3®s 2S; cows and heifers. %2T: 4 75;
stookers and feedei s, J2 7.V5 4 30; bulls, $2 40®
$3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000; market steady to
strong. Bulk of sales, $3 45©3 65; heavies. $3 40
03 80; packers, $3 40<p3 57M> ; mixed, J3 3."©
3 62%; lights. |3 ?.:,<j;2 15; pigs, J3 SMI W.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300-'); market rinn. Lambs,
$3 75(g 3 "0; muttons. $3<?H 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Oct. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3100;
market dull, weaker. Native beef steers. $4 50
OS W; Western steers, $3 SO<S"-4. 40; cows and
heifers, J3«/3 SO: stockers and feeders, $3 50/"»
4 60; bulls and stags, $3 25W3 75.
HOGS — Receipts, 2400; market 5c higher.
Heavy. $3 40(&3 52ft; mixed, $3 3008 51%; lights,
S3 :-£ l '~<n 3 55; bulk of sales, $3 50®3 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5400; market steady. Na
tive- muttons, $3 &o@4 50; Westerns, $$'3004 30:
lambs, $4 553j5 50.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— CATTLE— Market dull.
Choice steers. $5 0605 GO; medium, $4 5804 75;
beef steers, $3 73<Sf4 45; stockers and feeders,
$2 7. 'a 50; bulls. $2 2684; cows and heifers,
S3 SO0) 70; calves, {3 2504; Western rangers,
$2 60 (§4 60; Western fed steers. $3 90 <y 5 33;
Texas grass steers. $3 15@3 90.
HOGS— Market 5c higher. Fair to choice.
13 60 'a 3 7.">; packing lots, $3 I:>(<iA 57Vi: butch
ers. $3 4003 7:.: mixed, $3 3503 70; lights, »3 55®
3 75; I>i<fs. $2 7003 50.
SHEEP— Market active. Feeding sheep, $3 80
04 15; Western rangers. $3 5004 70; yearlings,
$1 5005; good to choice lambs, J4®6 10.
Receipts— 4000; hogs, 27,000; sheep. 13,-
Co °- . • DENVER.
DENVER. Oct. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts 400.
Market firm. Feeders moving slowly. Beef
steers. $4® 4 50; cows, $3 40©3 60; feeders,
freight paid to river, $3 404(4 30; stockers,
freight paid, $3 30@4 25; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 25
©3
HOGS— Receipts 100. Market steady. Light
packers, $3 5C@3 53; mixed, $3 45^3 50; heavy,
$3 35@3 40. ~ ! ■ *■■:-■
SHEEP— Receipts none. Market steady; un
changed.
RAISINS AND PRUNES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2S. — The Journal of Com
merce under this date says: There has been
no change in the California raisin situation.
Nothing further has been heard of the pro
posed advance In prices for shipment, and there
seems to have been no increase in the demand
for goods to be sent forward from the coast
at prices which went Into effect at midnight
of the 15th Instant. For seeded raisins there
it? reported to be a very good demand and the
market is firm. California seedless and Sul
tanas are firm under small supplies and fair
demand. A very firm feeling is noted in the
market for California prunes of larger sizes,
offerings of which both here and from coast
are light. Smaller sizes are somewhat unset
tled owing to the indifference of buyers, but
there has been no quotable change in prices.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALF.S.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's auction sales of California fruit to-day
resulted as follows: P. Barry, $1 53; Easter
Beurre, $1 66; Winter Nells, $1 91. Prunes—ltal
ian, $1 30@l 40. Weather favorable. Six cars
hML
BOSTON, Oct. 28.— Grapes— Tokay, double
crates, average $3 22; single crates, $1 66. Three
cars sold. Weather pleasant.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 28.— Grapes— Tokay.
60c*g$l 45, average 90c; double crates, $1 s<><3)
2 25, average $1 97; Cornichon, $1 22; Easter
Beurre Pears. J2; Cornice, $1 75; W r inter Nelis.
%2. Two cars sold.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— Grapes— Tokay, 9flc(fJ
$1 85 average $1 33; Emperor. $1 10. Prunes-
Silver, $1 28; Italian, $1 14. Weather favorable.
Eight cars sold.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— Porter Bros.' Com
pany California fruit sales: Pears— Winter
Nells $1 35©2 95 box; Easter Beurres, $1 80;
Clout Morceau. $1 70<?fl 75 box and 70c<&$1 20
half box. Grapes— Tokays, 73c@$2 15 single
crate; Muscate. 85c!g'$l 70; assorted, $1 05<gl 18.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 2S.— Consols, 109 1-16; Silver,
28d; French Rentes, 102f 17Hc.
Whf-at cargoes off coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, quieter; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 32b 6d; English country mar
kets, easier.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 2R.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 7s@7s Id; wheat in Paris,
Bteady: flour In Paris, steady; French country
marlcets. quiet and steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 1-lfid.
CLOSE:
WHEAT— Futures closed firm; December, 63
i;d; March, as ll%d. Spot— No. 1 red Northern
rnring, duH. 6s sd.
"Fl-OUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 8s 3d.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $301,484,378; gold reserve,
$240,744,514.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 28.— Exchanges, $392,
801; balances, $47,663.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83H
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 87
Sterling: Cables . — 4ff ,T
New York Exchange, 5ight........ — ■ ii**
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — *". ,
Fine Silver, per 0unce... ...;.....••:"" ■'• .471?
Mexican Dollars ....;.........•.••••• "? : in
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Aspice : takes for Liverpool
7313 ctls, valued at $9141: Duchalburn. for Lon
don, 39.452 ctls, at $50,300. ■ Hp
Weaker Eastern and foreign markets ae
pressed the local situation and prices were
weaker ail .around. , . ■ „■,.,
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 20@l 22-; milling.
$1 25@1 26V4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — December—
6000 ctls, $121%; 8000, $122: 12,000. $122%.
Second December— 2o,ooo ctls, $12-2.
2000. $122%.
Regular Morning Session — December — *uw
ctls, $1 22%: 2000, $1 22. ' lnfl . ..
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 CU3 >
$1 22%: 2000. $1 22: 20.000. $1 22V4- . . ..
BARLEY— The market is lower and dull. ,-*
Feed, $1 VP6QI 2U4; Brewing, $1 2o@l 3o per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls. o'clock— sales.
Second Session— sales.
■Regular Morning December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 23 1 -i '■ ' ' ' '
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 24.
f Collection day having passed the
market was more active and the feeling was
steady.
Fancy Feed, $1 25 per ctl: good to choice,
$1 20@l 22%; common, $1 1501 lV,ii. Surprise,
$13547140; Gray. ?115@117H; milling. *1 20i^
1-ZIVa per ctl; Red, $1 40@l 50; Black, $1 60@
1 75. * - ■-..-. • -
> CORN— There Is nothing new to report. Trade
is dull and offerings are ample for current
needs.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 02%@l 05; white, $1 02%@l 05; mixed,
$I©l 02% per ctl; California White, $1 05!&)l 07Vi.
Continues dull. California, $1 20@l
Eastern, $1 17 1 -• per ctl. . _
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern Is quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 1504,25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount' to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal. $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, . $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 "5; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 SS(g6 25: In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. j -
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
; There is not much doing in Hay at the mo
ment, as the local consumers are loaded up,
but receipts are light and the market Is firm.
Feedstuffs range as before.
BRAN— SIS 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- SlS#tO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. J26 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50: jobbing.
$32(7532 50; Cocoanut Cake, $2I??25; Cottonseed
Meal, J2S<S3O per ton; Cornmeal, ?23 50<524 50;
Cracked Corn, $24*J25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16(518 50 for
good to choice and $14515 50 for lower grades:
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, SIS'? 17 50:
Oat, $14®15 50; Island Barley, $12 5O«?13 50: Al
falfa. SlOrtili ; Stock, Slir<il2; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
nominal.
STRAW— SO<g 75c per bale.
BEAKS AND SEEDS.
Beans are dull and unchanged. Seeds and
dried Peas are quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 80(81 90: Small "Whites.
■■ $2 0603 15; Large White*. $1 60@l 70; Pinks,
*1 65@1 75; Reds. $3; Blackeye, S3 25-63 50: But
i ters, nominal; Limas. $3 25@3 30; Pea, $1 90@
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 35@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50 per ctl : Yel
low Mustard. $4 25; Flax, nominal: . Canary
Seed, 2»,4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 6%@6%c: Rape.
2Vi<S 1 2% c; Hemp. 2%<@3c; Timothy, 5@5»40.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 25@1 40; Green, $1 50
@1 75 per ctl. .
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There is nothing: new to report. Trade is
quiet, as usual at this time of the year.
POTATOES— for Early Rose and 35®
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
@1 20; Oregon. 30c; Sweet • Potatoes, 75c
I lor nearby and Jl&l 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 2S@4Oc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 33®
! 50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@4c; String
.Beans, 2<SSc; Lima Beans, 2®3c per tb;
Bay Squash, 25@40c; Green Peppers, 50@75c;
Cabbage, 50c: Carrots, 35@50c per sack: Bay
Cucumbers, 40@60c; Tomatoes. 35@65c ; Garlic,
3c per lb; Green Okra, 50©65 c per lb: Dried
Okra 10c per lb: Egg Plant, 50#75c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $>.<&10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated. ic@lßc: granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern was put on and sold
at $5 for Ducks and old Roosters, S6 for Hens,
I $5 50 for young Roosters, |4@4 50 for Fryers and
j $4 for Broilers.
Dressed Turkeys are now coming In every
day. California Poultry is lower, owing to the
free arrivals from the East. ••
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@lSc; live
I Turkeys, 14(glSc for Gobblers and 13@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 25
'<> 1 50; Ducks, $4'yT) 50 for old and $4<§<4 50 for
I young; Hens, |405 50; Roosters, young, 54 50;
'■ Roosters, old, $4'Sj4 50; Fryers, $4; Broilers.
I $3 50 for large, $3 for small; Pigeons. $I@l 25
per dozen for old and $1 SOQI 75 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail $1 50©l 75: Mallard, $5@6: Canrasback,
$6«j9; Sprig, $4(9'4 50; Teal, $2© 2 50; Wid
geon $2 50; Small Duck. $2; English Snipe,
$1 5002: Jack Snipe. $1: Gray Geese, $2@
2 50- White Geese, $I@l 25; Brant. $1 50; Hare,
$1; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and $1
for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is more disposition to hold prices up
for fancy creamery,- though medium grades
are excessively weak and neglected.
Eggs are very firm at slowly advancing quo
tations. , \ *
Creamery— creameries, 22&@23%c; Bec
onds, l'''<j-2i\ - „„„„■ .
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 2i@22%e; common
grades, 17V4@20c. . ■
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lS@2oc; pickled roll,
19if?21c; creamery tub, 21@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@lG%c per
ID; Elgin, 22&22% c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, B*i<o
9K.c- Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
in*. .'yi.l'ic; Eastern. 12@13c.
■ EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 35@39c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 30@34c; Eastern, 15@20c for ordi
nary and 23@25c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Wine Grapes are weaker again. Table Grapes
are steady.
Apples are cleaning; up and are firmer in con
sequence Other fruits are about the same,
Bkcteuoub fruits-
Strawberries. $1 50iiJ4 per chest for large and
lor small.
Cantaloupes. 75c@$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs,
4OOWC per box.
Huckleberries, s@6c per tb.
Quinces, 75c(g$l per box.
Ivi simmons, 40c In single and 7oc per box in
double layers.
l'omegra-iates. 40@60c per small box.
Cranberries, $7 SOSTS per barrel for Eastern
and $2 SO per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25@50c per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes: Isabellas, $I@l 25
per crate; Wine Grapes, $20<g23 per ton for Zin
fanrlel and $15<S1S for common kinds.
Raspberries, $4@5 per chest.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l to for choice.
Pears. 60c®$l 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50@3 50 for Va
lenclas, $1 50©2 for Mediterranean Sweets and
$1 25#1 50 for Seedlings; Lemons, %\ 50@2 50
for common and $3<94 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4r?5: California Limes, $l@i 50
per small box; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch:
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DIUKD FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
Dullness ?till characterizes this market.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6'*®7c for 40-50's
5@5V.iC for 50-60' s, 4@4V.iC for 60-70's, 3>,i@3V4c for
70-S0 - B, 2%@3c for 80-90' s, 2»4<gi2Hc for 90-100' a
and l%i»2c for 100-Uo's; Silver Prunes. s@7c;
Peaches, 6#7Vi«: lor good to choice, 7»s@Bc for
fancy and 10@12iac for peeled; Apricots, io@
120 lor Royals and 12(&i12»4c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7U@7lic; sun dried. 4<ffl
4Uc; Black Figs, sacks. 2@2Vfec; Plums, 4Viffl
i 6c" for pitted and l@l' a c for unpitted; Nec
i tarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6<H>7c
lor quarters and .Si&9c for halves. w
I RAISINS— 3Vic for two-crown, 4^c for three
crown, 5»4c for four-crown, 5@6%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and Si ->o
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2@2Uc
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@loc per Ib; Walnuts 6c
lor hardshell, 7c for softshell; Almonds s®t> 0
lor hardshell, 13c for softshell, 13@14c for
I>aper-shell ; Peanuts, 4@s>£c for Eastern and
4%c for California.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, eXLca)
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s®6V4c
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers report a slight improvement in trade,
without, however, any Improvement in quota
tions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c p«r ft for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10^c
for extra light and 12®l2^c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9@9'<4c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 p«r bbl;
extra. Meas Beef. $11@11 SO: Family Beef, Sl2@
12 60; extra Prime Pork. $10: extra clear, Slß@
18 50: nipss, $15 50616; Smoked Beef, Il@il2c
| per ib.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5Hc per It>
for compound and 6%®7c for pure; pails. 7ViC.
California tierces, 4%@5c per It) for compound
and 6o for pure; half barrels. 6M>c; 10-It> tins,
' COTTOLENE— Tierces, s%@6Vic: packages
less than 300 lbs— l-TT> pails, 60 in a case 9VsC
3-m palls. 20 in a case, S%c; 5-R> pails. 12 in a
case, 8'~c; 10-tt> palls. 6 in a case, B%c: 00-n>
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c: wooden buckets 20
lbs net, B%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7v»c; nau
barrels, about 110 !t>s. 7%C
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Shipment of 40,515 pounds of Hops to England
by sail.
Hides are weak and several descriptions are
slightly lower.
Wool and Hops are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. «eavy salted
steers, l6c; medium, 9c; light, 8c; Cow
hides, SI&SKc; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 8c; Calf,
sc; dry Hides, sound. 15c: culls and brands,
U9Uc; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool.
30@>50c each; medium, 60@80c; long wool. 90c@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, %l 75@2 for lar*e
and Jl@l 50 Tor small; Colts. 25«(50c; Horse
Hides, dry. *1 50@l 75 for large and $1 for
small. _
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, S^^Shic per ib;
No. 2, 2V2©2>*c; refined. 4Vi'&4-'y < ie; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— IS 97 clip. Southern Mountain. 7@loc:
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months', 9@llo; San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months 1 , 8® 10c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12©14 c: Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10<^12c; Middle County, 13® 16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14(g>16c; Nevada, l 0 ®^:
Eastern Oregon, 10<fil2c; Valley Oregon, lo@l7c.
HOPS— lfc9S crop, 12@14c per Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c: Wool Bags. 26@23c; San
Quentln Bags, *4 85; Fruit Bags. sc. B^c and
5%c for the three grades of whit« and 7@Sc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southneld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, »6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. |7 50j
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $10 in bulk and $11 jz
in sucks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *H;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
RICE— The market continues to advance.
China mixed. $4 05-S4 10; China No. 1, $4 70<g
5 10; extra do, Jo 30(55 60; Hawaiian, $5 62&@
5 73- Japan $5 80@6 40; Louisiana, $5 50&6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6V4c; Candy
Granulated 5%c; Dry Granulated, o^ic; Confec
tioners' A. 5Uc; California A, o^c; Magnolia A,
6%c; Extra C, sc; Golden C. i%c: half-barrels,
*4c more than barrels, and boxes '^c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
CANNED GOODS— Shipment of 18.322 cases
Fruit and 102,978 cases Salmon to England by
sail.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market is in fair shape and quotations
for all kinds are steady.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; choice, 6%c; second
quality, sVi(§>6c; third quality, 4<&'ic\
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. S^fiSc per Tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6\-,@lc
per tb.
LAMB— 7Vi<aßc per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3H-33*ic for large. 4@4V4c
for medtum and 3^4'«3V:j<j for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs, s'4@6ViC.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. October 28.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,285 Leather, rolls ... 151
Barley, ctls 1,840 Hides, no 736
Corn, ctls 10 Lime, bbls 226
Tallow, ctls 226 Sugar, bbls 1U
Butter, ctls 90 Do sks 443
Cheese, ctls 38 Quicksilver, flsk. 110
Eggs, doz 7,5% Pelts, bdls 840
Wine, gals 73.100! Powder, car 1
Beans Jrsks 2, 7sß l Paper, reams .... 320
Bran, sks 1.209 Lumber, ft 20.000
Potatoes, sks ... 6,495 Hops, bales 141
Onions, sks 305 Wool, bales 280
Middlings, sks .. 155 Hay, tons ilO
Flaxseed, sks ... 300
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is cheaper and plentiful. Eggs' are
dearer. Cheese is unchanged.
The market is well supplied with Poultry at
about the old prices. Game is scarce and high.
Meats sell at the established prices.
There Is no particular change in Fruits and
Vegetables. Both are in good supply as a rule,
though Peaches and Plums have about dis
appeared for the season. Quinces have been
scarce all along, as the crop was short.
Following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel I ©12 00 I Castle Gate.. |9 60®
Wellington . @10 00! Southfield
New Welling- ! Wellington @> 950
ton iglOOO.'Coos Bay @ 7 00
Seattle 8 00# 1
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per [Cheese, Swiss 20'gto
square 50#65l Common Eggs...3(xg3s
Do, per roll 4o@soKaneh Eggs, per
Do, good 40C — ; dozen 40@45
Pickled — ©40 Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per lb..— @2sj lb 12®15
Cheese. Cal — !&12 Do, extracted...— #lo
Cheese. Eastern. .. lS® — I
Meats, per lb. —
Bacon 12<g17 Pork, fresh — ©12
Beef, choice — <@12 Pork, salt 1G4£12
Do. good 8® 10 Pork, chops — @12
Corned Beef ,— @ 8 Round Stake 100—
Ham. Cal UHOla Sirloin Stake 12^@—
Do, Eastern — <g!5 Porterhouse, d0...i1@20
Lard 12<§15|Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton — fj lo Pork Sausages — 4i20
Spring Lamb 12<g — IVeal 10@15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50@ 65 Hnre. each @ 20
Young Roost- Quail, pr doz.2 00®2 50
ers, each 50@ 75 Mallard, pair.l 00®l 50
Old Roosters, Sprig, pr pair. 73'ii'l O>J
e^ch 40i3 50 Teal, pr pair.. @ 75
Fryers, each.. 50'g; 60 Widgeon, pair Bo<ff> . 75
Broilers, each. .W? 40|Small Duck 4ti@ 50
Turkeys, pr lb 20@ S3|WIM Geese, pr
Ducks, each... SOO 7f> pair 50(g) 75
Geese, each . . . 1 00<g 125 English Snipe,
Pigeons, pair.. 25JJ SO per doz 2 50@ —
Rabbits, pair. @ 40 Jack Snipe.... l 50@2 00
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 10^12 'Oranges, dor 20ig!30
Apples, lb 45x 6|Pears, per lb 4«J 6
Bananas, doz i.'iti 2o ] Poaches, per 1b... 4@ 6
Cantaloupe*. eachlo@2oi Plums, lb 4® 5
Cranberries, per j Quinces, per 1b... 6@ 8
quart 12}' 3 | Raspberries, per
Figs, per lb 5S£" 8 drawer 40060
Grapes, per lb 40 Slßaisins, lb s@lo
lluckleberrien, per | Strawberries, per
lb 8@10 ; drawer KOSO
Lemons, doz Hso— Walnuts, lb 12515
Limes, doz lft@ls Watermelons,
Nutmeg Melons... s@lo each : 15@25
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0z. ..40i§>50l Mushrooms, 1b.... — @ —
Beets, doz 12@15iOnions. lb 4ft) 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ 5 Peppers, green 4£i> 6
Colored, lb 4@ SlPotatoes. lb 2@ 3
Lima, lb o& 6 Do, Sweet 4© 3
Cabbage, each 54*10 Parsnips, doz 15@20
Cauliflowers, each ~)(£fl0 Radishes^ dz bchslo®i2
Celery, bunch ">fi— Sage, doz bnchs..2riri7 3."
Cress, doz bnchs..2O'?3'2s String Beans, lb.. 4*jj. 5
Cucumbers, doz. . . 15<520 Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb 4® 6 per lb 4@ 5
Green Okra. lb 6® 8 Thyme, lb 20@30
Green Peas, 1b... 5@ 6 j Turnips, doz 15i{?20
Lentils, ib Sfi S Tomatoes, lb 3@ 4
Lettuce, doz 15f?25l
Fish, per lb.—
Barracuda 8.010 Shrimps B®lo
Carp 5@ 6 Shad —(010
Codfish B@lo Sea Bass B<§lo
Flounders siff 6 Smelts 10<8'12
Herring SfglOrSoleg B@lo
Halibut — @12JSkates, each s@lO
Kingtish B<islo|Tomcod — ©10
Mackerel — @— IClams, gal — @50
Do, Horse $@— I Do. hardshell, 100. 406 50
Perch B@lo Crabs, each 10@15
Pompano 50(575iD0, softshell, d0z.26^35
Rockflsh —@10! Mussels, qt 10<ffl2
Salmon, smoked.. 20ifr — I Oysters, Cal, 100.. 404?—
Salmon, fresh 12(^—1 Do, Eastern, d0z. 23(2:40
Sturgeon 12@15!
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Feet.
I*
.-,:
-0.
fi-02
0.19
1:11
2:04
3:01
4:00
4.4
4.3
4.2
4.1
4.1
s:<
f> :'
«:
(:!
2.7
3.0
•
11:
11:
12:
12 :i
-I-
*.
5.
7:32
8:17
9:00
—0.5
—0.6
-0.3
—0.1
0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides or the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the spcond tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MAKINKRS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit o
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. .- .. „
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower ofthe new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was drnppea
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), 17. S. N.. in charce
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29.
Sun rises 6:Si
Sun sets
Moon rises '': |V ' r. nO
TIME BALI-
Branch H3'drograph!c Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Ou
tober 28, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at jj
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). V. S. N., in chtnyp.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
State California Portland 'Oct. 29
Umatiii!t....-....rr. -:-:- = ?•*=« Sauod Oct. 29
Pomona | Humboldt
Homer (Newport Oct. ,l!>
Titania iNanaimo Oct. m
Alliance Portland iOct. 30
Czarina (Seattle 0
Washtenaw | Tacoma :
Bristol (Departure Bay
Arcata lCoos Bay ...,. Oct. 3i
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 3i
Leelanaw (Seattle ;Oct 31
Santa Uosa |San Diego ....: |Nov. \
St. Paul Manila"
Geo. \V. Elder.. (Portland 'Nov. ]
Acapulco Panama i..[Nov i
Charles Nelson. Puget Sound ]Nov. i,
Fulton Portland Nov {
Chilkat Humboldt
Ruth Tillamook Bay ,
Navarro (Yaquina Bay ..|No-p i
Mackinaw ITacoma iNori 2
San Mateo iNanaimo Nov. a
Coos Bay |Newport Nov. s
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Nov 3
South Portland. (Puget Sound v j"^
Columbia Portland : Not. i
Corona San Diftgro iNovl 5
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
lination.
i Pier.
Doric [China& Japan Oct. 29, 1 pmPJVISS
Corona San Diego Oct. 30, 11 am Pier n
Cleveland . Puget Sound.. Oct. 30, 9am Pie- 2
State of Cal Portland Oct. 31. 10 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 31, 2 pm.Pler a
Homer Newport Nov. 1, 9amPierll
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. NoV. -l, 9 am Pier 20
Marlposa ..jSydney Nov. 2, 10 pm' Pier 7
UmatiHa ..iVlc & Pgt Bd. Nov. 2, 10 am Pier 3
Arcafci jCoos Bay Nov. 2. 10 am Pier 13
Chilkat Humboldt (Nov. L\ 2 pm Pier 11
Czarina — Pugret Sound.. |Nov. 2, 5 pm Pier S
Santa RosaiSan Diego |Nov. 3, 11 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder; Portland Nov. 3, 10 am j Pier 2*
Coos 8ay..., Newport |Nov. 5, 9 amiPter U
Columbia ..Portland [Nov. 6. 10 am; Pier 2\
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 28.
Stmr Roanoke, Kidston, 69 hours from An»
acortes.
Stmr Cornona, Debney, 61 hours from San
Diego.
Aus stmr Siam, Raicich, 4 days from Na
naimo.
t?tmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 42 hours from Sari
Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Lundquist, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Br ship Falls of Halladale, Fordyce, 160 daya
from Hull.
Strr Cleone, Miller, 14 hours from Albion.
M 'hal bark Charles \V Morgan, acullun, 3?
days from Okhotsk Sea. m
Bark Harry Morse, Fullerton, 8 days from, "
Seattle.
Fr bark Duchesse Anne, Loas, 72 daya from
Hongkong.
Brig Consuel Jacobsen. 17 days from Ma
hukona.
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 2 days from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Friday, October 28.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Panama, etc: Pao
Mail S S Co.
Br ship Garsdale, King, Port Townsend; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Haw ship Willscott, Peabody, Roya-1 Roads;
John Rosenfeld'« Sons.
Dan bark Sintus, Lass, Portland; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Schr Mary and Ida, Carlson, codflshing;
Alaska Codflshing Co.
Schr Julia E Whalen, Noves, Clipperton Is
lands and sealing voyage; Geo W Kneass.
SAILED.
Friday, October 28.
c tmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Empire. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, Panama.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Scotia, Thompson.
Stmr Jew?l, Madsen, Caspar, and not on Oct
26 as reported.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Stmr Scotia, Thompson, Rockport.
Stmr "Walla Walla Wallace, Victoria ana
Port Townsend.
Br ship Aspice, Bremner. Liverpool.
Ship Hecla, Nelson, Puget Sound.
Schr OttiUie Fjord, Segethorst. Eureka.
Schr Parkersburtr, Schroeder. Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 28—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity. 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Albert. W G Irwin and Transit load
mdse for Honolulu; Roderick Dhu, mdse for
Hilo.
The Addenda loads lumber for Cape Town,
" 62s 6d. '
The Miltonburn was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, 26s 3d.
The Christine loads wheat at Portland fop
Europe, 355.
SPOKEN.
Per Charles W Morgan — Aug 19 In Okhotsk
Sea, Whal bark California, with 740 barrels
oil; Whal bark Horatio, with 840 barrels of
oil.
Oct 9— Lat 27 S, long 20 W, Br ship Cedar
bank, from Tyne, for San Francisco.
Sept 2»— Lat 19 15 S, long JO W, Br ship
Crompton. from Oregon, for Tueenstown.
Sept I— Lat 48 36 W, long 102 45 W. Br ship
Glenbank, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NEW YORK, Oct 27— Per ship Roanoke— Had
a succession of heavy gales In South Pacific.
On Sept 10 shipped a sea which stove wheel
house and flooded cabin. Sept 17 off the River
Platte had heavy gales which blew away fore
staysail, fore lower topsail and jigger stay
sail.
LONDON, Oct 28— Br ship Laurelbank, from
Shanghai, for Oregon, has been reinsured at
50 per cent.
LONDON, Oct 27— Br ship Deccan at Lim
erick, from Oregon, took fire, but was extin
guished before much damage was done.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Fr bark Duchesse Anne — Aug 20 Captain
Joseph Cervany, age 31 years, a native of
France, died of bubonic plague and was burial
at sea. Sept 19— Ange Menier, age 50, a native
of France, died of the same disease, and was
buried at sea. Upon her arrival she was placed
in quarantine.
Per Charles W Morgan— On Sept 7 Jn Okhotsk
Sea had a very heavy gale from SE to NE.
Stove in bulwarks and '■ail on starboard side,
and lost two starboard boats and davits.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 28— Stmr Pomona, for
Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Sequoia, foi»
\STORIA— SaiIed Oct 28— Br stmr Mogul, for
Hongkong: Br ship Dlmdale. for Queenstown:
Br bark Inversnaid, for Queenstown.
SANTA CRUZ— Arrived Oct 26— Schr J Ep-
Dlnge"- from Stewarts Point.
Sailed Oct 27— Schr J Eppinger, for Timber '
*FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 2S— Stmr Coquilla
River, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Brunswick,
< PORT C BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 2S— Bark Gen
eral Falrchild. for Freemantle.
HOBSONVILLE— Arrived Oct 2S— Stmr Ruth,
hence Oct 25.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 28— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Oct 25. for Tacoma.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2S— Stmr Cottage City
from Dyea.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2S— Bark — Kath
erlne, from Baltimore; ship Lucile, hence Oct
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 2S— Ship Sintram, frm
PORT Yop F ' ANGELES— Sailed Oct 2S— Stmr
Westport, for .
USAL— Arrived Oct 2.5-Schr Lila and Mattle,
hence Oct 23. M _
NEWPORT— Arrived O-* 28— Stmr Hueneme,
fr GRAYS ek HARBOR-Arrlved Oct 27-Bktn
Gleaner, hence Oct IS: bktn Gardiner City, hno
O^t £0- achr C A Thayer. from Guaymss.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 27— Schr
Lyman D Foster, from Port Blakeley, for
Shanghai. • - . _■
Palled Oct 27— Stmr Rosalie, for Dyea; Br
chip Vincent, for Tacoma.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 28— Ship Spartan, hno
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 27— Schr Excelsior,
from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 28— Schr Nokomis. fm
Newport.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct 2R— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eurekn. for San Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 27— Ship Roanoke,
hence July 17.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ADELAIDE— Arrived prior to Oct 2S— Bark
Sonoma, from Chemainus.
VANCOUVER— CIeared Oct 28— Br ship Illala
for Liverpool.
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Oct 26— Br bark
Clydebank. from Panama.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 27— Br ship So
cotra. from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 27— Br stmr City
of Peking, hence Oct 4.
Sailed Oct 26— Br stmr Shantung, for San . i
Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC PTEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr La
Champagne, from Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Brittanic.
from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Cevtc.
fr-m New York. _ .
Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Laurie, for New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HEAVY EXPENSE
OF HE RECENT
GRAND JURY
Inquisitors Hand in
Their Bills.
GOOD THING FOR EXPERT
ANOTHER GRAND JURY TO BE
SWORN NEXT WEEK.
Must Make a Report and Be Dis
charged Before the Close of the
Year and Another Jury
Sworn.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 28.
The Grand Jury which was discharged
yesterday was the must expensive Grand
Jury this county has known. Last year
the total cost of Grand Juries in this
county was $2324. The cost for the recent
Grand Jury alone will hardly be lean than
twice this sum.
The expert, Dunshee, was employed at
$5 per day. He was appointed January
13, and has worked since that time all
but three days, exclusive of Sundays.
This will make his bill $1250. The sten
ographer's fees will amount to $50 more,
and the bills of the Grand Jurors, so far
ajs presented, are as follows:
M. W. Dlckson, $322 10; Albert Wey
mouth, $346 50; Joseph Harris, $125 65; J.
E. Crooks, $20S CO; C. S. Long, $130 90; M.
W. Wood, $143 80; D. L. Randolph, $96 60;
J. C. Estey. $130 45; P. Bartlett, $123 80; A.
S. Mac Donald, $119 20; W. F. Crowell,
$127 65; Jacob Hoeck, $143 50; G. B. Daniels,
$130 30; J. F. Storer, $132 10, and J. Tyrrell,
$156 55.
There are one or two bills not yet pre
sented—including that of the late F. K.
Shattuck, who died about two months
ago.
Then there is a large number of bills
for witnesses, all of which are not yet
w presented to the Auditor for payment.
■f County Treasurer Sanford criticizes the
criticisms of the Grand Jury regarding
the charges contained in its report against
the late Frank P. Th wait Mr. Sanford
Bays that Thwaites is not the party to
be condemned in this mutter. Every bill
presented by Mr. Thwaites was signed by
the Justice of the Peace, the District At
torney and the chairman of the Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisors,
and Mr. Sanford thinks that a portion
of the responsibility should be placed on
these officials, if the bills of the deceased
stenographer were raised.
A new panel for a Grand Jury was
drawn to-day, and the following citizens
of the county must appear before Judge
Ellsworth next Wednesday: E. J. Dodge,
C. W. Maxwell. Horace D. lrwln, A. H.
Breed, Hugh Hamilton, A. W. Shaffer, F.
W. Leßallister, H. H. Ellis. August Koer
ber, George F. Gilson. John Hackett,
Charles W. Kinsey, Charles D. Pierce,
J. B. Woolsey. Benjamin Smith, Walter
G. Manuel, £>aniel Crowley. Cnarles A.
Bailey, Ernest A. Heron, John E. Mason,
Peter Bakar. Henry Rodgers, James D.
Wilson, George W. Flick, Henry H. Mey
er, Israel Horton. James R. Little, E. A.
Halnes and Thomas W. Badger. ■
This jury must make a report and be
discharged before the end of the year and
another jury be sworn.
CLAIMS BIG DAMAGES
FOR HIS WIFE'S DEATH
MARTIAL DAVOUST BRINGS SUIT
FOR $50,000.
Mrs. Davoust Was Cruelly Killed in
' Alameda by Coming in Con-
tact With a Live Wire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 28.
Martial Davoust to-day brought suit in
the Superior Court of Alameda County
against the city of Alameda and the Sun
set Telephone and Tele-graph Company
for $50.00* i damages claimed to have been
sustained by reason of the death of his
young wife, caused through the alleged
careleßsness of the agents and servants
of the defendant corporations.
The terrible particulars of Mrs. Da
■voust's untimely death are still fresh in
memory of residents of the Encinal city,
The complaint, which was filed late this
afternoon by Reddy, Campbell & Metson,
attorneys for the heartbroken plaintiff,
alleges that on September 2S last defend
ants carelessly, negligently and without
regard for human life allowed a certain
wire, connected with other wires and
poles, to fall down upon the ground of a
certain public path used as a passage
way by the residents from Pearl street to
Versailles avenue station; that the wire
was allowed to remain on said path for
over one month previously, and being
heavily charged with electricity, was a
menace to the life of any person using
the path. In ract, small boys of the
neighborhood had been seen frequently
throwing tin cans at the wire to see the
Eparks fly.
On the particular day mentioned Mr*.
Davoust, bi.«.he and happy, walked from
her home on Pearl street over this path
to join her husband af the station, with
out the slightest knowledge of the dan
gerous con ion of the wire, and in some
t- manner touched or brushed against it and
was bo shocked that she was unable to
dlentangle herself therefrom, or be res
cued by others. She was burned to death
in the presence of a large number of per
son*, even the unhappy husband stand
ing by witnessing her agony.
The death of Mrs. Davoust was a se
vere shock to the entire community. To
the husband the loss was so severe that
for a time it was feared he would lose his
reason. The deceased was a highly edu-
I lady of 22 years, was a kind, affec
tionate and loving wife. The couple had
been living happily in marital bliss for
five years, and the blessings of mother
: were about to be bestowed upon her.
By reason of being deprived of the ser
vices, solace, comfort and society of the
■vvifV, and having suffered great bodily In-
Jury by reason of the shock caused by
her terrible death, plaintiff alleges that
he has been damaged in the sum of $30,000.
Deserted Wife and Children.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Jessie M. Scars,
through her attorney. H. S. Aldrich. to
day tilea suit for a divorce against Anton
J. Bean on the ground of desertion. The
parties, were married in VS9I, and have
*?" r '', ttle Tliefamlly formerly re
sided m Alanu fla. The defendant is a bar
ber by occupation, an<t was arrested for
failure to provide for his family about a
year ago , wh.n the wife claimed he
squandered his i arnlngs at the card table.
The German Altenheim.
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.— The Mtenhelm
the institution conducted at Fruitvalp hv
the German Old Peonle'« H* m " Socfetv
has named the following committees for
the annual election: Nnminatine com
mittee-Robert Capelle. Ernest Schlu™
Professor Albin Putzker. J. g Olde enr
H. Henke. Election commit tee-Prita ;
Hufschmidt, D. Kell, A. C. Drewits Su- i
pervieorial committee— J. o Olri'piphr
Caeear Berthaw, F. Ruter. uiueienr.
V^ Sad Tidings of Lost Relatives.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Chief of Police
Fletcher received a letter to-day from
Mrs. Anna E. Collamore of Worcester
Mass., In which she seeks information re
garding her fatner, Jared H. Jonks On
investigation the Chief learned that
Jenks, who was a carpenter, was killed
, here last December by falling from a
scaffolding on his own residence at Twen
ty-first avenue and East Twenty-fourth
street, East Oakland.
TO-DAY WILL
SETTLE THE
PARK BONDS
Curiosity Waits on the
Quiet Vote.
ISSUE FREELY INDORSED
ONLY OPEN OPPOSITION FROM
WEST OAKLAND.
A Two-Thirds Majority Necessary to
Raise the Money for the
Proposed Pur
chases.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 28.
To-morrow the citizens of Oakland will
decide whether or not bonds snail be is
sued for the purchase and improvement of
public parks. The proposition in brief is
as follows:
For the purchase of sixty acres of
Adams Point, $240,000; for the improve
ment of this property, $5M.OOO; for the im
provement of West Oakland Park, $20,000;
for the improvement of Independence
Square, East Oakland $10,000.
The question of carrying out the im
provements for which the bonds will be
I used has b<-c n before this city for over a
year, and the Question is now thoroughly
understood by ail the voters. It will re
quire that two-thirds of all the votes cast
i £avor the bond issue. In order that the
i improvements be carried out. There has
■ been very little campaigning concerning
1 the park bonds, partly because of the
mure prominent Interest In the general
; election and partly because of the fact
| that thero is very little to be said on the
I matter that has not already been ex
ploited.
The matter is of peculiar 3ignificance,
i because for the first time in me history
of Oakland when bonds have been pro
i there has been no organized oppo
sition or, indeed, any pronounced oppo
sition of any kind. The Merchants' Ex
change, the Board of Trade, many of the
, most prominent merchants, professional
men and capitalists, Rev. Father Mc-
Nally, Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean, and even
men who have been known as anti-bond
agitators, have ail expressed themselves
: as being favorable to the proposed Issue.
The only opposition that nas been made
| public is that of the West Oakland Im
provement Club, and some resolutions
were passed by this club opposing the
measure a few weeks ago. Since that
i time Colonel Irish has stated publicly
| that the bond issue will benefit a compar
: atively small portion of the citizens of
! Oakland.
The result of to-morrow's election will
! be very interesting, because it will show
! the comparative strength of that very
I doubtful quantity in Oakland elections,
i the silent vote. The impression to-night
! is very general that the necessary ma
1 iority will be recorded in favor of the
! bonds.
STILL IN THE FIGHT.
Alameda Woman Suffragists Re
organize for a New Campaign.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 28.— The Alameda la
dies who advocate political equality have
resurrected their organization and pro
pose to renew their fight. When they
campaigned two years ago for the
woman's suffrage amendment they ar
gued that their sex was entitled to a
vote on every question submitted to the
people. Now they are conducting the agi
tation on different lines. They will be
satisfied if only women property holders
are given the ballot, and they only ask
the right of suffrage at school elections.
The Alameda Equality Club held a re
union yesterday at the residence of ex-
Assemblyman J. A. Waymire. The equal
ity question was discussed and a plan of
campaign was outlined. A committee was
ap;>ulnted to intercede with legislative
candidates of all parties to secure their
influence in behalf of the woman's suf
frage cause.
Among' those who attended the meet
! ing were: Mrs. Swift, State president of
; the Woman's Suffrage Association; Mrs.
Sptrry, treasurer, and Mrs. Krebs, sec
retary: Mme. Sorbier, Mrs. Dr. Beeeher,
Mrs. Murphy, Mrs. Elli;n C. Sargent. Mrs. ■
Wheeler of San Francisco, Mrs. George I
i Haight, Mrs. Keith. Miss Solomon, Berke
' ley: Miss Keene, Miss Stone, Mrs. Green
i man, Mrs. Emory, Mrs. Hardy, Mrs. Paff,
1 Mrs. Gibbs. Mrs. Burnside, Oakland: Mrs.
D. L. Randolph, Mrs. William Hinchman,
: Mrs E. O. Smith. Mrs. Shepard, Mrs.
Foray th, Mrs. M. P. Wiggin, Mrs. Otis,
1 Mrs. Knowles, Miss Wiggin. Mrs. C. L.
; Wood. Misses Edna and Maud Waymire,
: Miss Cushman, Alameda.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 28.— The Alameda Cam
era Club will celebrate its first anniver
sary next month. The occasion will be
; commemorated by an entertainment. A
: feature of the programme will be an ex
hibition of lantern slides reproduced from
pictures taken by the club members.
i The organization will soon occupy its
new quarters in Lafayette Hall.
Rev. Alfred J. Case of Stockton and
• Miss Catherine Norton of this city were
married last evening at the home of the
bride's cousin, Mrs. J. Jamieson, 2242 San
: Jose avenue. Rev. J. N. Beard of San
Francisco officiated.
John R. Glascock, J. J. Tobin, O. M.
Sanford. A. T. McDonough. O. A. Lane
and E. A. Holman will address a polltl
i cal meeting to be held Saturday evening
' at Holtz Hall. W T est End.
The trouble over the Boys' Brigade com
petitive drill will not down. Although
the high officers of the regiment have or
dered a new drill, the officials of Com
i pany E. who have possession of the tro
i phv, state they will hold on to it and will
refuse to take part in another contest.
Nothing has yet been heard from
Atlolphe Goetz, the missing Stanford stu
! dent. Mrs. A. H. Clark received a mes
i sage from the university to-day that he
: had not returned to his classes.
Footpads Vanquished.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 28.— Sam Scofleld, son
of the president of the Pacific Coast Oil
Works, was held up by footpads a few
nights ago, and by the rapid and effect
ive use of his fists he vanquished the
ruffians, who made good their escape.
The hold-up occurred at the corner of
Enclnal avenue and Walnut street. Mr.
Scofleld was on his way home near mid
night when suddenly he was confronted
by three men who commanded him to
<stop and throw up his hands. Instead of
obeying the order Scofleld, who has some
pretensions as an athlete, Jumped at the
footpads and began to use his "props"
with telling effect. One of the men went
down from a blow in the face, and the
others took to their heels and ran. While
Scofield was chasing them the fellow who
had been floored disappeared. The affair
was not reported to the police, and there
is no clew to the footpads.
She Bossed the Butchers.
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.— AUce Edith Dick
ason, the alleged contract wife of the
late millionaire Thomas H. Blythe, was
arrested again this afternoon on a charge
of drunkenness by Officer Nick Williams.
She gave her name as Alice Thomas.
When released last Wednesday her hus
band agreed to have her sent to some
institution for Inebriates, but hia promise
has evidently proved hard to live up to.
for to-day the woman created a scene at
Barnum's Restaurant, where she took
command of the butchers at the chopping
block.
Cited for Contempt.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Joseph; Schwartz,
executor of the estate of acob Letter,:
has been cited to appear before- Judge
Ellsworth next Monday afternoon to show
cause why he has not complied with the
order of court directing him to pay Hen
rietta Barrett mo amount of her dividend
of $783 on her claim of $906 30 against the
estate.
VMS SA!N FBANCISCO CAI^, SATUBDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
MERLIN FLORA
STABS A NURSE
TO THE HEART
George Cook, His Vic
tim, Near Death.
PROVOKED AT HIS REMOVAL
ASSAILANT AN AGED INMATE
OF COUNTY INFIRMARY.
Because He Was Ordered Discharged
as Cured Flora Visited His Spite
Upon the Man Who
Cared for Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 28.
Merlin Flora, an aged inmate of the
County Infirmary, murderously assaulted
George Cook, one of the nurses of that
Institution, this afternoon. The latter is
lying at the point of death with an ugly
wound in^ the left breast directed toward
the heart* while Flora Is locked up in a
cell at the County Jail, charged with *n
assault with a deadly weapon.
Flora was admitted to the County In
firmary two years ago, and although 78
years of age is in almost perfect health.
On the 20th inst. he was discharged, but
returned the next day. Superintendent
Dr. Clark, however, realizing that the
man was no longer entitled to ti.e benelits
of the infirmary, had given orders that
his luggage oe packed an<l that he leave
the place.
It was while George Cook was assisting
the old man in gathering his traps in one
of the wards that Flora whipped out a
large caseknife, the point being very
sharp, and dealt the blow that may
prove fatal. The point drove directly to
ward the heart, but it Is not yet known
whether the covering encasing the heart
is torn. The injured man suffered a great
loss of blood, and the physicians are
watching him constantly.
"We have had a great deal of trouble
with this man Flora," said Dr. Lilly at the
Infirmary this evening. "He was very lazy,
and only recently, when asked to tend ihe
cows he refused, although there is no
reason for it, as there is nothing the mat
ter with him. We had discharged him re
cently, but he came back, and was about
to be sent away for the second time.. Ihe
knife with which he stabbed Cook was a
table-knife, the point of which had been
specially sharpened."
ATTORNEY ARAM
IS TO RECEIVE NO FEE
BEDUCTION OF A CHARGE DE-
SERVED NOTHING.
Although Saved From State's Prison,
the Lawyer Is Not to Be
Awarded Pay
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 28.
Attorney Aram will get no fee for de
fending John Tyson on two charges of
felony in the Superior Court a year ago.
This decision was rendered by Justice
Clift to-day and resulted from a suit
brought by Attorney Aram to recover
$100 fee from Tyson.
Over a year ago Tyson was arrested for
committing an assault upon two girls, the
daughters of a man who had befriended
him. The case was bitterly fought and
among the witnesses was a large number
of the membership of the Tenth Avenue
Baptist Church. In the Justice's court
Tyson was held to answer and he made
an agreement with Attorney Aram by
which the latter was to receive $100 if an
acquittal were secured. The case was
tried and there was not evidence suffi
cient to convict Tyson on a felony charge
but the jury found him guilty uf assault
and he was sentenced to six months in
jail. When Tyson came out of jail he de
clined to pay his attorney. Aram con
tended that he had certainly freed his
client from the charges that w;ere lodged
against him, and demanded his $100. Ty
son failed to see how he had been ac
quitted according to agreement, when he
had been forced to spend several months
in jail. The case was argued before Jus
tice Clift and the court held that Aram
had not secured the acquittal of his client
in the sense in which it was implied in the
agreement, and that therefore ne was not
entitled to his fee. The court also held
that Tyson was entitled to a judgment for
the costs of the suit, and such a decree
was entered.
BICYCLE THIEF LANDED.
Detectives Hodgkins and Shorey Be-
lieve They Have the Man Who
Stole Fifteen Bikes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Detectives Hodg
kins and Shorey effected a very clever
capture of a bold bicycle thief this after
noon. During the past week at least
fifteen bicycle 3 have been reported to the
police as stolen, and it is believed now
for a certainty that the thief is behind
the bars at the City Prison.
A wheel belonging to W. Hamilton was
taken yesterday, but Mr. Hamilton man
aged to catch the fellow, who gave up the
•wheel, explaining that he had made a
mistake. This afternoon the two detec
tives were skirmishing around in Ala
meda, where they hoped to locate a young
man under suspicion, and after returning,
caught the prisoner on Thirteenth street,
between Washington and Clay, in the
very act of riding away with a wheel,
which A* J. Bertholet identified as his
property.
The fellow was taken to the City Prison
and later Mr. Hamilton called and identi
fied him as the man who stole his wheel
yesterday. The prisoner claims he had
taken the bike by mistake; that his name
is Frank Thompson and that he resides
in Alameda; but he was unable to give
the name of the street or other particulars
asked for, explaining that he has lived
there only two months. Two charges of
petty larceny will be lodged against him
for the present, though he is believed to
be no novice at the business.
Where Is B. W. AllenP
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— 8. W. Allen, who
for some time has been engaged in the
printing business with W. P. Rigney, left
the office at Ninth and Webster streets
last Monday and has not been seen or
heard from since. Rigney claims that the
books of the firm are badly mixed up and
that Allen collected partnership bills from
the Glrardo, of the Castilian Restaurant.
A. R. Savage and William Raffett, not
a cent of which has been turned in. Allen
also collected for a local weekly paper,
the proprietor of which is wondering what
has become of the collector. Moreover.
It is learned that Allon borrowed liberally
from friends just prior to his departure.
Allen has claimed that he was a widnwrr
and formerly resided In Denver. Rigney
to-day notified the police of his partner's
unexpected leave-taking.
A Habeas Corpus Test.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— The vehicle tax
ordinance cases were continued for one
week in the Police Court to-day, as it is
the Intention to take one of the cases to
the Superior Court on habeas corpus to
have the legality of the same passed upon
in that court. It is understood that the
result of this case will govern the dis
position of all the other cases.
Heinrichs at the Y. M. C. A.
An extra Helnrlch recital has been an
nounced for the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium
at 3 o'clock this afternoon. Mr. and Mrs.
Max Helnrlch and Miss Julia Helnrlch
will render a new programme- The v'^eß
will be popular.
REPUBLICANS
PREPARE FOR
A BIG TIME
Gage and Neff in Oak
land To-Night.
MANY CLUBS TO MARCH
COUNTY PROGRAMME FOR THE
FINAL WEEK.
Ex-Assemblyman Bretz Delivers a
Redhot Speech at a
Big Republican
Meeting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 28.
Alameda County is preparing to extend
a hearty welcome to-morrow evening to
the gentlemen who head the Republican
State ticket, and at the same time to hold
a grand demonstration and parade in
Oakland. Hon. Henry T. Gage and
Jacob Xc-ff will address the citizens at
Exposition Hall. Prior to the meeting
there will be a brilliant parade. All the
marching clubs of Oakland and the out
side towns will participate with the
Union League Corps of San Francisco.
Grand Marshal Marston Campbell ha 3
Issued the following order:
Union Leasrue will form on south side of
Twelfth street, between Webster and Harri
son. Alliance at headquarters, north side of
Army and Nnvy Republican League, on north
side of Twelfth, between Franklin ana »\eb-
SECOND DIVISION.
Captain William Downey, Chief of Division.
Yuun" Men's Republican League, west side
of Franklin, between Twelfth and Thirteenth
Visiting organizations, east side Franklin,
between Eleventh and Twelfth streets.
Ward clubs in their numerical order on west
side of Franklin street, between Eleventh and
Twelfth.
OKI»ER OF PARADE:
Grand Marshal and Aids.
Band.
Union Leagu-- Drill Corps.
Carriage With Guests.
Republican Alliance.
Oakland, Dewey and Alameda Camps, Army
and Navy Republican Leagues.
SECOND DIVISION.
Captain William Downey, Chief of Division.
Young- Men'a Republican League.
Visiting Orcanizatlons.
Artillery.
Ward Clubs in Th.ir Numerical Order. Fire
Waffona.
LINK OF MARCH:
Twelfth to Franklin, to Fourteenth, to
Athenian Club, where Hon. H. T. Gage Will
be received: thence down Washington to taixtn,
to Broadway, to Fourteenth, to Harrison, to
Twelfth to Tabernacle. By order,
1 MAUSTON CAMPBELL.
The programme of meetings to be held
by the Republican candidates next week
has been changed and the following is the
correct list:
North Oakland— Monday evening, October 31.
Temescal and Emeryville— Tuesday evening.
November 1.
Golden Gate— Wednesday evening, Novem
ber 3.
Eaat Oakland— Thursday evening, Novem
ber i.
East Berkolfv and West Oakland— Friday
evening, November 4.
Oaklund— Saturday evening, November 5.
Alameda — Monday evening, November 7.
The feature at the rally of Republican
candidates last night was a speech by Ex-
Assemblyman A. Bretz, the editor of In
dustry. Mr. Bretz said: "I am a Popu
list, a middle-of-the-road Populist, not
one of your weak, swashy Populists who
is willing to have his party swallowed up
in another. I am going to vote the Re
publican ticket just for spite. My party
has been assassinated. Its life has been
taken by the knife and dagger of fusion.
I will revenge myself by voting the Re
publican ticket. If the principles of two
parties are so close that they can fuse
there is no occasion for the existence of
two parties. I say that the Populist par
ty is just as far away from the Democra
tic as it is from the Republican. I call
this fusion an insult, and any man will de
grade himself if he does not leave the
party now. The Democrats stole the
clothes of the Populists and tried to de
ceive them into believing that they had
adopted their principles and our foolish
leaders fell into the trap."
IS STRANGER THAN FICTION.
From the Southern home of Senator
Quay comes the following letter from a
veracious correspondent:
"Being an ex-soldier and having only
fifteen months to serve to acuuire title
to a quarter section of land, I went to
Florida in 1885 to put my plans into exe
cution. Not being posted as to land
marks, I had to hire a settler to locate
the land for me, and we had to go over
about eight miles through the woods
over bad roads, with no bridges. We
went on horseback, and in crossing the
stream I noticed that my friend's horse's
tail caught in an old pine stump, pulling
a hair from the tall and leaving the hair
fast to the stump.
"As you know, a horse hair will turn
to a snake when in water, and I made
up my mind to watch that particular
hair. So, after locating by land and get
ting a big house imilt, I took my gun and
started out on a hunt, and during my
rambles I came to the stream that my
friend and I had crossed, and. sure
enough, there was the horse hair snake
as big as my thumb and ov«r four feet
long. As he was fast to the stump I
let him alone and continued my hunt,
bagging some quail, a rabbit and two
squirrels, which gave me a good mess
or fresh meat. As I was very busy for
the next three weeks I had no time to
visit my pet snake, so you may judge
of my surprise when on my next visit
to find the snake as big as a stovepipe
and over forty feet long. As I was going
to have a log rolling the next week I
kept my secret so that we could have
pome fun after we were through our
day's work. I got everything ready and
sent out my invitations. My friend that
showed me the land came with the rest
of them and told me that his horse was
lost or stolen. We all pitched in and did
a good day's work and had a good din
ner. I told them of my secret and we
went to the branch. You can imagine
our surprise when we found tho snake as
big as a saw log, with a bulge in the mid
dle as big as a sugar barrel.
"Well, to make a long story short, we
killed the snake and cut him open and
my friend's lost horse tumbled out We
thought the horse was dead until he
commenced to move, and soon ran around
all right, and my friend rode him home
I have heard a great deal about horse
hair Bnakes, and this is the only instance
I know of where a horse was swallowed
alive by a hair from his own tail."—Bal
timore American.
NEW ZEALAND BABBIT EXPOBT
Che exportation of rabbits from New
Zealand has assumed such dimensions
that It has quite got beyond the ex
perimental stage and has now become
an important industry. One exporter
is at the present time in receipt of be
tween 15,000 and 20,000 rabbits per day.
and is paying to trappers in wages be
tween $4000 and $5000 per week. He has
24.000 traps out, giving employment to
about five hundred trappers. I,ast year
his export of rabbits was about 700,000,
while he anticipates sendine away
about a million and a half this sea
son. By this exporter alone about
eight trucks are used per week to make
the boxes in which the rabbits are
frozen and exported, while in carriage
he pays over $500 a week.
Bchemonajewskojoe, a village in the dis
trict of Smelnsk, Siberia, has been de
populated temporarily. 1400 of the inhnl>l_
tantß having been pent to jail for refus
ing to repair the highway.
lie i ;, fao-aimile y<a^ y /»> ■' %** *» on every wrapper
•ignature of (m^^T*^&&& ' . <* CASTOKIA.
MANY CAUSES
FOR THANKS
President Issues His An
nual Proclamation.
NOVEMBER 24 THE DATE SET
UNUSUAL SIGNIFICANCE OF THIS
THANKSGIVING DAY.
Americans at Home and Abroad Are
Called Upon to Observe the Cus
tom of Our Fore
fathers.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— The Presi
dent, after the Cabinet meeting to-day,
issued the following Thanksgiving
proclamation:
BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES.
A PROCLAMATION:
The approaching November brings to
mind the custom of our ancestors, hal
lowed by time and rooted in our most
sacred traditions of giving thanks to
Almighty God for all blessings he has
vouchsafed to us during the past year.
Few years in our history have afford
ed such cause for thanksgiving as
this. We have been blessed by abun
dant harvests, our trade and commerce
have been wonderfully increased, our
public credits been improved and
strengthened, all sections of our com
mon country have been brought to
gether and knitted into closer bond of
national purpose and unity.
The skies have been for a time dark
ened by the cloud of war, but as we
were compelled to take up the sword
in the cause of humanity, we are per
mitted to rejoice that the conflict has
been of brief duration, and the losses
we have had to mourn, though griev
ous and important, have been so few
considering the great results accom
plished, as to inspire us with gratitude
and praise to the Lord of Hosts. We
may laud and magnify his holy name
that the cessation of hostilities came so
soon as to spare both sides the count
less sorrows and disasters that attend
protracted war.
I do, therefore, invite all my fellow
citizens, as well those at home
as thuse who may be at sea
or sojourning in foreign lands,
to set apart and observe Thursday, the
24th day of November, as a day of na
tional thanksgiving, to come together
in their several places of worship for a
service of praise and thanks to Al
mighty God for all the blessings of the
year; for the mildness of the seasons
and the fruitfulness of the soil; for the
continued prosperity of the people; for
the devotion and valor of our country
men; for the glory of our victory and
the hope of a righteous peace, and to
pray that the divine guidance which
has brought us heretofore to safety
and honor may be graciously continued
in the years to come.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
In witness whereof, etc.
By the President:
JOHN HAY, Secretary of State.
Henry S. Martin Club.
The Henry S. Martin Club of the Forty
fourth Assembly District met at Peter J.
Kearney's hall, 803 Filbert street, Thurs
day evening. The following candidates
we're indorsed: W. F. Fitzgerald, E. H.
Aigeltinger and Charles S. Tilton. W. F.
Fitzgerald and other candidates ad
dressed the meeting.
WHAT A BOA EATS.
Among the many interesting animals
at the zoological gardens is the large
tree boa, occupying the glass cage to the
left as you enter the carnivora building.
This is one of the finest specimens in the
United States. This species of snake is
very scarce and difficult to capture. It
was sent to the gardens about a year ago
from South America, where it was cap
tured by some of the natives. It had just
fed on a deer, and was found lying dor
mant in the woods. The boa is said to
be about thirty-five or forty years old, is
twenty-three feet long and weighs 196
pounds.
Superintendent Stephan of the gardens,
showing the snake to a reporter the other
day, said: "He has just had his dinner,
and seems to be quite comfortable. He
usually feeds every three or four weeks,
and then I have a hard time to make him
eat. You see, boas feed mostly on live
animals, and It Is difficult to keep them
on any other food. It is against their na
ture to eat beef or dead animals.
The Humane Society objects to the
feeding of live animals to reptiles, and
hence, in compliance with Its rules, I put
each animal to death before feeding the
same to the snakes. This boa had not
been fed for seven weeks, and I thought
he must be quite hungry. So we decided
to let him feed on a pug dog that we
happened to have at the gardens.
"Some time ago a woman came to me
with a pet dog. He was afflicted with
some kind of a disease and was getting
blind. She hated to part with her pet,
but as she had been informed by several
people that there was no hope for the
animal she decided to let the Humane
Society end his suffering. I said I would
take care of him and see that the animal
was put to death immediately. The dog
was put in an air-tight box Jilled with gas,
so as to suffocate him. In a few seconds
he was no more. This is what our boa
has Just dined on. I put the dog in the
cage immediately, and the snake, having
a good appetite, made a start for It. The
dog made quite a square meal, weighing
about eighteen pounds. Having feasted
the boa curled himself up into a nice coil
and took a long nap. This will do him for
some time, until we find some new menu
for him." — Cincinnati Enquirer.
PROPERTY RIGHTS IN CATS.
Not long ago one of the English Chan
cery courts had before it a case which
involved a very unusual state of facts.
The plaintiff, a maiden lady, claimed ti.at
she; was entitled to a half share in a biue
Persian cat. which rejoiced in the pomp
ous name of Roy. She asked that an ac
count of the partnership be taken and
that other complications regarding the cat
be straightened out. The defendant, as
might have been expected, was likewise
a spinster, and it appears from the evi
dence that during the kittenhood of the
cat she gave the animal into the charge
of the plaintiff, who bestowed upon it all
those tender attentions which the pets of
unmarried ladies so frequently enjoy.
Perhaps all would have gone as merrily
as a wedding bell (despite "the celibacy of
tho litigants) had not the much-fondled
Roy developed some extraordinary char
acteristics. In short, the cat astonished
its most ardent admirers by rtevelonfng nn
amazing capacity for prize-winning. At
all the cat shows the whiskered i|uau
ruped became the prime favorite, and
many trophies fell to its lot, or. more
strictly speaking, to the lot of its owners.
It was entered at the Crystal Palace show
in the joint names of the plaintiff and de
fendant, under the rule requiring the
names of the animals' owners to be regis
tered. But after the development of the
winning streak the plaintiff denied that
the defendant had any property in the
cat.
The Lord Chancellor, after he had duly
scratched his legal pate In consideration
of the much-vexed question, decided that
a partnership existed between the liti
gants, and. therefore, he ordered the ac
counts of the partnership fo be taken. He
also granted an injunction restraining the
defendant from selling or dealing with
Roy in any way prejudicial to the plain
tiff's property In It.
The above ca?e might well strike the
layman as an absurdity and as belittling
the dignity of the court; but household
pets, such as dogs, cats, parrots, monk
eys, etc., have so frequently been the sub
ject matter of litigation that a distinct
and clearly defined line of decisions con
corning them has sprung into existence.
The latest encyclopedia on law devotes
forty closely printed paces to the subject
of "animals." and cites hundreds of cases
■which have been decided on questions per
taining to the brute creation. Nor are the
principles enunciated by any means sim
ple or frivolous.— Richmond Dispatch.
Visitor— l seem to remember that last
year when I was here there were two
windmills. Native— There were two— yes.
but we found out there was only wind
enough for one.— London Tit-Bits.
HOTEL ABRiVAIiS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Baker. Winters [C W Tonne, Eureka
P E Idetl, N V 'Miss B Mcßrlde. S r --
C R McLellan. TruckeeiMiss G G Meßride. <~"al
G H Evans. L'tah iMiss L. Carlton, a Jose
J H Balboa, '"hgo Miss S Carlton. S Jose
A C Alfcrd, Kans |A Mueret. Ky
H G Black. Petal uma (Mi\3 H A Brainard.
J Mathews, Sacto | San Jo?e
C E Harrison. Sacto J Fleming, Reno
W Ikti. NY F V Johnson, Marysvl
H C Adam?. NT AC Huston, Woodlnd
J D Fairohild. Yreka J B Lawson. Woodland
F Kane. N V IA B Howard. Woodtad
E B Joraan. Hanford 'W F Peterson. Sacto
C E Lindsay. S Crna W Beauchamp. ChgO
& M Duarte. Monterey J Roach. Marion
FJ Cressey, L, Ang 6 \v Tatterson, Stktn
W H Seamans, Saoto S H Frankcnheimer,
Ede la Cresta, S Barg Btodctoo
G Lingo. Birds Ldg F E Wright Sacto
W G Hudson Jr. Stnfd J E Roper. Sacto
F B Meyers. Ohio
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A G Blakely & w. N Y|W R Acock. Vallejo
L A Legg &w, ChicgclH T Hasting L Ang
R Moore. NY If A Paroux, Sacto
"VV B Sink Jr&w. N V R J Prince. Boston
M Redon & w. Chgo W GoodmanAw, s Jose
S H Stephens. Chicago C Baker. Williams
G Less, Chicago G Rangford. Stockton
W Tompkins. Chicago R B Brittaln. Bt Lake
E Miller. Chicago R Quinn, WatsonviUe
F Dorsey, Chicago J Lanagan, Denver
Miss Sanflgue. NY G White, Denver
W B Sink. NY if Matthews, N V
M G Price, NY Ij McCudden, Vallejo
W Budlong. Presidio >\V Maekin & fi Oal
Ington. Presidio P W Hurst, jft J
F S Wood, Presidio G Dav.snn, Sf Louis
G Stefrler, Prebidio W A Jack. N V
B M Bradford, Saoto G Muller Chicago
J Cummings. Sacto G Fee & w. Crockett
H H Griffin, Sacto J Wright, West Side
Mmc Routague. OakldiA S Rlx, S Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
H Isaacs. NY E McCormack & w. Or
H G liriRKS, Chicago AY Bamhart. Portland
L H Dodd. Chicago C B *pahr. N V
J G Hoetlieh, Cinn G H Cramer N V
W Q French, N V X Tabata. Japan
W L Tucker, N T "W 8 Lloyd, N V
H J Ligrpett, N V IC H Lamnarv, Chicoiro
C Prutfsins. Germany 'Miss Gonzales, P Cruz
3 Gardiner. Boston I Miss Turcot. S Cruz
Miss Gardiner, Boston jM Kwlta. Tahati
J Brewer. Boston M F Tarpcy. Alameda
Miss BreVer. Boston 'R D Stephens, Sacto
F Meips, S Barbara jM Morse. New Orleans
M Kelly, Montreal J H Galey. Pittsburg
A B Wood. Detroit L Emery. Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
b Fay. Vallejo J Dopatdson, N V
J Hunt & w, N T P MoElroy, Fresno
W L Glllham, Chicago Mrs D Lames.L Gatos
J B Smith, S Jose C F Scott. Rin Vista
F Jnhnson. LO3 Ang J D Webber, R Vista
F Wlllard. Buffalo F Peters. Stockton
C Egan, Copperopolis ' I. Jark?,,n, p^resno
Mrs Egan, Copop'dls J M Andrews, Peta
F C James. Chicago jR ' Smith, San Jose
V Telpon. Sacto 'J Moire. S Rosa
/ V Dr. Gibbon Dispensary,
B^j^Jfk *>-~> KEAK.t 1 ST. Escabllsbed
HTlirißßl tn 54 or tho treatment of I'rivate
Bi.rt jWM Dlseitsi's, LostMauhnod. Debility or
BM|ayKH| disease wearing on bodyand mind and
*3K??>2wES Skin Diseases. I'nedoctorcureswheii
2sr«(£fe^?S otnersfttll Try him. Charges low
TwißlfciSTffli rnrrn r"Tinn< i i i\ Cali orvvrit".
l>r. J. If. UIBBON. Box 1957. San Francisca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 s»» Steamers leave Broadway
w'jh-w wharf, 6an Francisco:
Ki^S^L. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
K«^3Sl^ Oct. 8. 8, 13, 18. 23. 28. Not. 1
, IK pKßlra transfer at Seattle.
HMsSM^AI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
flßH^^^Jn C ) Port Townsend. Seattle,
I r m^t£f fB& Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
' an New Whatcom (Wash.), It
"^ a m Oct. 3. 13. 18. 23. 28. Not.
->. '■■!■ ■ fifth day thereafter, transfer at
wrnmmrn
SMmetM
m For h further Information obtain folder.
"fIOKKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 O :r,t la 3STE)
From Sppar-street Wharf nt 10 a.m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berths
IAnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder sails Oct. 7. 18. 25. Not. X
Columbia sails Oct. M, 19. 28. Nov. «•
State of California sails Oct. IS. 22. 31. Nov. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane Butt*.
Helena and ■ all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
18 E. C. WARD, General Agent ;
630 Market street.
GOODALL. "g»mg» * r gS ents
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
r ° 'French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS \
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday^ tiltt>
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North ■* SKEa :
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE Nov. 5
LA GASCOGNE J". ov - }*
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 19
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 26
LA TOURAINE ■ L>ec. 3
First-class to Havre $90 and upward, 5. per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery. avenue. San Francisco.
fMBSBIPfISffI The S. S. MARIPOSA
3Efi§llE* via Honolulu and
••|E"™ "■■■Auckland for Sydney
U™ 8 _* ' _ Wednesday, November
JL ' >*|«"N 2. at 10 p. m. :
Q«~mchinJ S. S. AUSTRALIA,
G)lCallljlllK sails for Honolulu only
/KITIRiHnU>» Wednesday. November
VUjilJyQltfeP 16 . at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN South Afrrica.
J D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery St.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY Ai*D RIVEB STEAMEBS.
"FoFuTsT NAVY-YARD AND^VALLEJOr
V •- v. Steamer "Montlcello."
Mob., Tue*.; Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
8:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Tharm.i
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sunday*. ;..*.. .10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pltr i.
T«l*phon« Red t>4l. . : '^~ •
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
Ban Jose, 50c; round trip, 75c. Delightful Bay
Excursions, Alvlso and return. 76c. Telephone
Main 1350 ■ . . . . - . - ■ -■
RAILROAD TRAVEL. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
mBSBSB§SS£k'. Via Sau*allto Ferry.
FROM SAN'i'KA.vk.ia^.u-J.U MILL VALLEY
- : AND SANRAFAEU'"- - • /, •>
WEEK DAYS— •9:3O,;U;O0 m.; 1:45,
8:46, 5; 18. *6:00, 6:30 p. m. - :
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, 'lO:^. .; ni:S9 ■a. m. ; «1:U.
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. > •
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.' - <|
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. 1
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:35, 7:45. «9:30 a. m. ,
•12:20, 2:20. •3:45. 5:05 p. m. ' ■
EXTRA -TRIPS -on ■ Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p.m.' • '
BUNDAYS-6:20, '8:00. , »10:00. 11:55 a. m. ;
•1:15 »8:10, 4:40. *«:20 p. m. '-■-(■ V- ■ • ■
■ Trains marked 'start from San Quentin."?- ' i
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S, «:45," 7:55,- -»:43 a. m.';
12-35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p.m. . -'■; ••■ .': .- ■:■;. •■ . .-
EXTRA: TRIPS' on .Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. - t •.■:.:■ ;...:^.:
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. ,m.: 12:06. > 1:20. 1:10,
t:00, 6:20 p m. <■-,:-. .i; .•. .r. ■■ : ... ,
•;-s ■■:■:, !•*. THROUGH TRAINS;-: .■.-.: >?>«>:.;
f:2oa- m.week days— Ca«adero and way eta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan ; Mills . and . way
• stations. . ■■ • ,; ■■:■■•
; 1:QB m. m. Eunda^— Mills and way eta*.
- . i«iii» .Jl— — W MliillMlH'tthllllWlliifmiiw in iiiiii Ml
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.^
■orTciKß* r*«inc.coHPAST.
(PAUirtU MYKTICM.V <
Tr»lm I«■!»>.I «■!»>.- Mitfi MM flii*> la mrrlve nt
'^."■1 MAN I- 11.4 >« «>.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
ISA va — Fiuh Oct. 9. 1858. — . Aniuva
"•O:OOa Nilrs. San Jose and Way Stations... •• t *:43*
7:OOa Kriiicla, Suisun and Sacramento . .. ! lOi-13a
7:OOa M&rysTil.e, Orovilleaud Ut-ddiiig »1»
Woodland ....;.... Oi*Bf
7:OOa Elmira. Vacaville and Rnmsey - - 8:48»
::ti» a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallcjo, Napa,
Cali-t,>(r:k and Santa How* (5:13p
8:OOa Atlantic Kipress, Og.len and Kast.. Bii&t
»iUoa Sail Juse, Stockton, Valley Spring, '.
lone, Sacramento, .\Uryit»ille,
Chico. Tebaraa and Red Iliult -«iI3P
8:»0a Stockton, Uakdale and Jamestown.. 7ilsp
•»i3oa Milton '....,.. »7iiap
9iot>.\ Martinez. Tr«cy, Lathrop, Mercsd
Fresno 12:1 3*
ViOOa Fresno, liakersfield. Santa lUrl)»ra.
liOS Angeles, . Scralng. £1 Paso.
New Origin and Kiut 0:43p
Fresno. Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tinez 6i*3p
10:00 a Vallrj'. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
•l:O«p Baoraiaente IH»« Stttunirrs •wmop
l:0Op JS'Ue.i. d.Mi Jose and Way Stations... 11:43 a
........ San J,,se, Nil^s and Way Stations. . . }«« 1 3a
8:00p Hi ••, Tracy, lf<«4ota, Hanfurd and
. Viaalla. .. 4:13?
* ....... Lfrerniore, San Jose, Nflesand Way
■iiMuni :io-.13a
4«OOp Martin*-/.. San Ramon, Vall«].».
K«l«, ChH.ilokn. Xl Vt-ramj and
K»ne» lEosa UjlO*
4:OOr Benicia. VacavU'e. Wo oil I a d ,
Knit,'uts lAnding, MarynTille, Oro-
»lll« and HaonwMMito IO:-1»a
4:S"FHiywards, Niles and San Jose 7:45 a
. S:OOp Martina, Tmcy, Mendota. Fresno,
M. jivr, Santa ISarb&ra and Los
• Anii-I.s 8:4."» A
StOOp Santa I-V Roure. Atlantic Impress
for .M..j»»e and Hut : O:4»P
SsSOpNlles. Sou Jo-e, Tracy. 1-athrop, V.;:
Meroait ana Freano ■' •••
8:30p Stockton I2:l-1p
fttMr KiiruiiiMu Mall. «)g«len and i:ast.... U:ls\
•«:«llp ValleJ<> 1 2: 1 5
J7:OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta- ~
tions .• ....."..' J»:*»»
8:00 r Oregon K*t.rrs<i,H»cranieiito. Marys- ■
vi 11,.. Itcl.rinit, Portland. I'nget
Htminl ami Ka«l • "••' : »A
' KAN LKAMiRO AMI lIAVWA.UUS LOCAL.
Foot of Market Street.)
"1 )leli<c«r. Sciii'imry Park, (■
B,ooa l-'itchlmrir, KlmliurKt. *:J^
i!l:!KK B«ii I.«-Hiidr<». Siiulw Su '.;,:,*
IW.wwa ' Lfanilro, fjiJuilillo, l»:4Sr
1:OOa ■ Loreiir.ii. Cherry • iI:I3p
Jl2:o«x - an ,| }i.ir> r
3:0«lp ;• llaynardn. " «3-.<." ip
7:00p < a n« through to N!lw. ' 7:13p
) t From Nlios I
COAVI' IiIVI^IOS (Narrow flMf*}. . "" " '
(Foot of Market Street.) . ■-'.. - _^
SilSANewark.CVntvrTille.cSin Jos»,Kelton, -
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:30»
•Hi J 3p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Crvek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »1O:3Oa
- 4:1 3 p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 0:2»a
tll:43i> Hunters' Kxcursiou. Saa Jose and
Way Stations ■♦?:»»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroffl SIR FRISCISCO— Foot of Mirks t Street <Slia 8)—
»7:15 9:00 11 :00a. U. Jl:00 »a:OD 13:00
•4:30 tS:OO »6:ooi'.u.
from OmillD— fool of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00«.lf.
tl2:00 *l:00 tJ:OO *3:00 tl:00 'JrOOP.H.
COAST UIVIM<»> (ISroaii (iauire).
(Third and Townaend St<.) •
7:OOa San Jiikc iin.l Way S:. :i<.im (New
Almadeii Wednesdays only) l:itOj»
9:00 a Sun .lose. Tren [tiKM, ShijU Onil, '
Pacilic (trove. Paso Rubles, San ■
Luis <>liisi><>. Guadulupa. Suit and •-■■
. Prlncijial Way Stations 4:1O»
1O:40a San .lose and Way .SUtlons »«:<)<>»
II:3Oa San Jose and Way .Stations 8:33*
*2:43rSau .Mate.. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. .San Jose,
Gllroy, Hollister. .Santa Crnr.,
Salinas, Monterey ai>4 Pacillo
(Jrore . *IO:38»
•S:rtOp San .lose and Wit Stations *9:OO A
San Joseaml Fri.xipil Way Stations 0:43*
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations «::».*>.»
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:»*if
«::iOr San .loir ami Way 5tati0n5......... 7:ltof
f11:45p 3an Jose and Way .Stations 7:30 1
A for Morning. . P for Afternoon.
•Sundays exempted. J Sundays only » .S»tinJn\vi only
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
::r:-e;^ .,' • lessee M&
MM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIS
ii \ ■, :: RAILWAY COMPANY.
ftlmron Perry, f>e«» •! Market St
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays}— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at V.'vi
and 11:30 p. m. , . ; - ". "" • - -• -
| SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:80. 11:00 a. m. 1:30, i:W.
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ..■....-<
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN . FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 ' a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
same schedule as above. . . . •'"
Leave ' ■■ Arrive
San Francisco. -In Effect San Francisco. :
' October ; 16, -
Week I Sun- ! lS'-tS. Sun- ' I Week
Days. j days. Destination. . days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. ' 10:40 am 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, . . 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:22 pta
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
■ 8:80 pm 6:22 pm.
7:2oam 8:00 am - Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
- and
6:lopm 6:00 Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm (:22pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
B:3opm s:oo pm I 7:36 pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Qey-
Eervllle for SkagKS Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs Soda Bay, Lakeport and Harriett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
■ Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
! John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's.
I Sanhedrin" Heights. Hullville, Booneviile, Orr"a
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willitts. Laytonvlhe, Cum.
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. - • ,'/■""
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. • .-.-_ ■*• ;• ■-
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bids;. .
H. C. : WHITING, Cs;^r. R.X.RYAN,
General Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Be Route
TUB BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.:
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car«
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Run on the Following Time i.
t*ave San Cisco. 5:00 p. m., B.M.T.W.T.F.S.
! Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.8.8.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. a. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis.. 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.B.M.T.W.
; HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
! Serve Superior Meals' at Very Reason- .
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COM FORT
If You Travel on the Santa Pa,
j SAH FRANCISCO T!CKE"TdFfTcE — MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN ISO.
! Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Oifica-- 7 "West Santa Clara Si
| THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10, ISSB. trains. will run ad follow«:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ! Mixed: (Passen- 1
ger. Sunday " Sunday ger. '.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:20 am 9:25 am Stockton 8:45 pm 7:00 pn»
11:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 5:13 pm
i 12:4upm 4:l. r . pm -Fresno 9:3o am 3:45pm
j I:3Bpm 6:43pm , Hanford 7:45 am! 2:48 pm
' 4:25 pm U :59 pm Bakersfleld 2:3oam 12:11) pm
1:58 pm 7:50 pm j Vlaalia 6:40 an>| 2:20 pm
BtopplnK at intermediate points as required.'
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ol
California Navigation and ' improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco. at 6 p. m. daily,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. m.
i dally.' - ■ " •■- * . .- - '-• '
For stage connection* see official time tab!*
: or Inquire at Traffic Managers Office. 321 Mar-
| kct street. San Francisco. -..--. .".:"/ -:■■■■..
MOUNT TAWALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
.■ • (Via &ausa.mo *'errjr.J '■ ■ " ■ ■
- Leave San Francisco/ commencing Sunday. -[
j Sept. 11. 18S8:- ,: -. ■; --■ ::- = — .L -
! Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. - : *
I Sundays— B:oo, 10:00 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. a.
Round trip from Mill Vall«y, %U
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, oil Mark* .
street.": San Francisco. ■ . . .
1112
TALENT PLAYS
IN HARD LUCK
First Choices Beaten on
Eastern Tracks.
DANNY MAHER HAS A BAD DAY
SPENCER, CLAWSON AND H.
MARTIN EACH ON A WINNER.
Heavy Going at Latonia Nearly
Bankrupts Form Players — But
Two Favorites Capture
Purses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AQUEDUCT TRACK, N. T., Oct. 28.—
The track was in good condition to-day,
but this fact did not prevent four favor
ites being defeated. Clawson, Spen
cer and "Skeets" Martin, the California
trio, each piloted a winner. Danny Maher :
was unable to put one over the plate In j
front.
First race, five furlongs, selling
Name and Weight. Jockeys.l V»- a-sa -s- Str. Fin.
Sister Fox, SS M »odyj 0 0 0 1
Handcuff. 94 Clawßon 0 v 0 2
Meddlesome. 93 Michaels 0 0 0 2
Time, 1:02. Won driving.
Vermouth 104, Somers 104, Rare Perfume 93,
Bessie Taylor 93, 'Prince of Wales 102, Anitra.
89, i "lap Trap S» and Camatop 100 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 8 to 1, 4 to 1 and 15 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 7 to 1 and 30 to 1.
•Favorite.
race, mile and forty yards.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.; 14- %- Str. Fin.
•Warronu.n. US Clawsoni 3 3 2 1
Bwiftmas, IIS Maher 2 2 12
Dan Rice, 104 H. Martini 113 3
Time, 1:44 1-D. Won driving.
Sausalitn ..Jds— 4 to 5, even and 30 to 1.
Track ■Jds — 1 to 5, 6 to 5 and 40 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, seven furlong?, handicap.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | H- H- Str. Fin.
•Kinnikinnic, 124 Spencarl 0 0 0 11
Sensational. 110 O'Connor 0 2 2 2 3
Swamp Angel. 110 Maher, 2 0 3 3
Hilee. 96 McCuel l 1 1 0
Time. 1:28. Won handily.
Nana II 106, Manassas 110 and Tingle 10S also
ran.
Sausaliio odds — 4 to 5, 15 to 1 and 5 to t
Track .>o<is— Even, 3u tv 1 aliu * l ol
♦Favorite.
Fourth race, mile and forty yards, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.. v t . Str. Fin.
Estaca. 106 H. Martin, 0 0 3 1^
Ruby Ups. S5 Clawson 0 2 2 2
•Continental, 104 Mahnr 1113
Time, 1:45 2-;.. Won driving.
Mazarine 107. General Ma ..-on f-2, Glonoine 105,
;nia 94 and Filament :' ( 4 also ran.
ijau^alito odds— 3 to 1. 3 to 1 and 2 to I.'
Track odds— 4 to 1, 4 to 1 and 13 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys., V V». Str. Fin.
Tyrshena. 101 O'Connor 0 0 2 1
•Kirkwood, 106 ....H. Martini 0 0 12
Leando, t--> Clawson 0 0 0 t
Kind's Pride. 101 Alaher. 110 0
Time, 1:16 1-5. Won driving.
Sir Fl-rian 105, Belgrave 92, Tendresse 103.
Hold on 104 and Imitation U also ran.
Sausalito odds— s to 1, 4 to 5 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 4 to 6 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, mile and forty yards, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. l Vi. $4. Str. Fin.
Wordsworth, &$> '. ..Songeri 1 1 1 13
Sifter Stella. 93 Jones 0 3 0 2
Brighton. "102 Maherj 0 0 0 3
Time. 1:45 3-5. Won easily.
Tanis MB, Talisman 102. Dalgretti 105. Phillip
100. Her Own 99. Athy 99. Saratoga S6, Fenetta
ii :i',.i •Myth 102 also ran.
Sausalito odds— « to 1, 12 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 40 to 1 and 9 to 2.
•Favorite.
LATONIA, Oct. 2R— The track was fetlock
deep with mud and four top-heavy choi<f«s were
toppled over.
First race, thirteen-sixteenths of a mile sell
ing.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.] %. 'i. Str. Fin.
Annie M. 100 C. Thompson 1
•Mazeppa. 105 Dunn 2
Kathie May, 10.1 Aker 3
Time, 1:31. Won driving.
Harry Floyd 100, Mellie 100, Necklace 100
Lassie Lou 100 and High Noon 100 also ran '
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 7 to 10 and 6 to 1
Track odds— 6 to 1, 1 to 2 and 7 to L
•Favorite.
Second race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile sell
ing.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V*. J ,4. Str. Fin.
*C!arence B, 101 Kuhn ~~0 0 0 nl
Chancery. 105 C. Combs 3 3 3 2
Estabrook. 105 Conley 0 2 13
•Dr. Blaise. 108 Powers! 110 0
Time, 1:17 V». Won driving. \
The Geezer 98, Frles!and 101, Fatherland 10}
Georgie 105. Bannle 105, Al Slrat 10S and Blen
heim 108 also ran.
Satisalito odds— 2 to 1, 2 to 1 and 15 to 1.
Track odds— 2o to 1, 9to 5 and 12 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, six furlongs, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. »4. i,. str. Fin.
Fred Broens, 108 Knight! 1 2 1 i~
Dr. Pitts, 94. Crowhurst 0 0 0 2
•Randazzo. 104 C. Combs 2 3 2 3 "
Terramie, 95 Southard 3 1 3 o
Time, 1:23V4- Won handily. " "
Kallitan 95, Dutch Bard 95, Llewanna 94
Louise 100, Osmon 110 and Zufallig 107 also
ran.
Sausalito odds— s to 2. 20 to 1 and 4 to 5
Track odds— ll to 5, 15 to 1 and 7 to 10
•Favorite. - ..-;-.■ :■-..
Fourth race, one mile, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Rarus, 97 Frost ~3 8 1 ll
Dominus, 100 H. Wilson 2 2 » 2 2
Libation, 102 C. Combs 0 0 0 3
Trocha, 100 W. Narvaez 1 1 3 o
Time, 1:54. Won In a gallop.
Laura May 97, Miss Annie 97, Frisco Ben
100 and Aberegate 103 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5, 10 to 1 and 5 to 2
Track odds— 6 to 5, 6 to 1 and 5 to 2
•Favorite.
Fifth race, live furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j *£. V 4. Str. FlrT
I.ady Roller. 100 Knlghti~o o 1 ut
•Dolly Regent. 100 Dunnl l j J , 1
Rubel, 100 Dupeej 0 0 o a
Norms Taylor, 105..Crowhurst| 2 1 o 0
Time, 1:10 Won driving.
Juanita 100, HI Lassie 100, Aconltine 100 anH
Beana 105 also ran. v
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1. 3 to 2 and 8 to 1
Track oddß— 6 to 1, 8 to v and 6 to 1
•Favorite.
Sixth race, one mile, selling.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.] 14. I^. str.Pin"
•Hampden, 118 Dupee| 0 Z 1 i~h
Joe Shelby, 113 Dunn 2 0 3 21
Astor, 100 Southard 0 2 2 3
Flop. 102 Gleason 1 1 0 0
Time, 1:58. Won driving.
Ma Aniline 100, Possum 105, Chat of M»
IOC and Barbee 110 also ran.
Sausalllo odds— 4 to 5, 3 to 1 and 10 to 1
Track odds— 4 to 5, 3 to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
TOD SLOAN WINS
A RACE FOR WALES
LONDON, Oct. 28.— J. H. Musker's bay
filly School Girl, ridden by Tod Sloan,
won a free handicap at Newmarket to
day. The betting was 9 to 2 against
School Girl.
The Prince of Wales' 4-year-old bay
fllly Nun Such, ridden by Tod Sloan,
won the Old Maybrldgeshire handicap of
500 sovereigns.
This race is of 800 sovereigns, added to a
sweepstakes of 326 sovereigns each, 10
•overelgns forfeit to the fund. Seven
horses ran over the old Cambridgeshire
course (one mile and forty yards), and the
result in detail was as follows: The Prince
of Wales' four-year-old b. f. Nun Such,
by Nun Thorp, out of L. T. Morlaye. won;
H. C. White's six-year-old eh. m. Georgie,
by Clan Stewart, out of Misappore, sec
ond; Sir J. Miller's three-year-old b. g.
Pinfold, by Surefoot, out of Pinta, third.
The betting was 6 to 1 against Nun Such.
The Hough ton stakes was won by R. A.
Oswold's b. c. Scintillant. Sir R. \Valdle
Griffith's Land Rail, ridden by Tod Sloan,
was third. Seven horses started over the
Howler mile. The betting was 3 to 1
against Land Rail.
Golden Bridge won the second. Kiln
stakes. Prince Soltykoff's colt Leisure
IHour, ridden by Tod Sloan, finished sec
ond and James R. Keene's colt Voter
was third. The betting was 7 to 2 against
Leisure Hour.
A selling welter all-aged stakes was won
by E. McNeil. Cransbill, the property of
Lord Harewood, and ridden by Tod Sloan,
finished second, and E. Boffer's b. f.
Roseshoot was third. There were ten
starters in this event, the betting being B
to 1 against Cransbill.
The Criterion Nursery handicap was
won by F. Alexander's eh. f. Solenis. J.
H Musker's b. f. School Girl, ridden by
Sloan, was second, and the Duke of Port
land's b. c. Manners was third. Fifteen
horses ran. The betting was 2 to 1 against
School Girl.
STANFORD VARSITY
BEATS THE CADETS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 28.—
The Varsity won from the League of the
Cross Cadets this afternoon by a score
of 18 to 5. Each team scored once in
the first half, and Stanford twice in the
second, when the cadets were very much
weakened.
Both teams played straight football,
and the cadets put up the cleanest game
of any visiting team on the campus this
year. Both scored by backs, although
Stanford varied the game occasionally by
long runs by Murphy and Clinton. Fish
er, Hill and Burmeister are accredited
with ten yard bucks each. The tackles,
Rusk and Wilson, also ran well with the
ball.
The Varsity showed clearly some little
improvement in defensive work, but the
team was still weak. On the offensive the
team was stmng.
AMERICAN KENNEL CLUB
AND LOCAL FANCIERS
The American Kennel Club has awak
ened, albeit somewhat late in the day, to
the exigencies of the situation on this
coast. A special committee has been ap
pointed with plenary powers to represent
the local interests of the club. The mem
bers of the committee are: John E. de
Ruyter (chairman), H. H. Carlton, J. P.
Norman, \V. R. Cluness Jr., G. M. Grey,
J. W. Keen and M. C. Allen. Mr. de
Ruyter has issued the following call to
the members of the committee:
Dear Sir: At the request of Secretary Vre
denburgh of the American Kennel Club, I beg
to notify you that there will be a meeting of
the special committee appointed by the Ameri
can Kennel Club to care for their interests on
the Pacific Coast at the Occidental Hotel in
this city on Thursday evening next, November
3, at 8 o'clock.
The object of this meeting- will be for pur- I
poses of organization am! to discuss such other I
matters as the exigencies of the present state
of affairs here may require. Tour punctual
attendance is requested. Very truly yours,
JOHN K. DE HTYTER, Chairman.
There is a proposition on foot among
some of the members of the Pacific Mas
tiff Club to raise the entrance fee. It is
understood that Mr. Simon, who, in the
absence of Dr. d'Evelyn and C. A. Spreck
e!s, is the acting president, is much op- ;
posed to this step.
The Oakland Kennel Club held a meet- :
ing last night to discuss the projected
bench show, but adiourned without ar
riving at a definite decision.
The second derby forfeits will be aue
and payable to J. M. Kilgarif, secretary
Pacific Coast Field Trial Association, on
November 3.
George Bell has departed for Denver, i
but will probably return in three months. !
He has under consideration the offer of
the management of one of the largest
kennel* in the State.
W. W. Van Arsdale has purchased from |
P. J. Kenna, for something over three
figures, the well-known English setter I
bitch Peach Mark, for which Ernest Sul- I
livan paid $250 at last year's field triads at !
Bakersfield.
Hugh Hume has added to his Belmont
kennels a very fine collie dog with an ex
tensive pedigTee. Wellsbourne Charlie ia :
the sire, the dam being a sister to Heather I
Mint.
Two celebrated representatives of the
"holy breed" have joined the great ma
jority. Champion Alta, the finest smooth
coated St. Bernard bitch ever brought to
this coast, and champion Roxle Savage
Taylor, a very good rough-coated speci
men, have both died within the past few
days.
J. V. Geary has already bespoken for his
mastiff bitch Juno the service of the
brindled dog to be sent out by Dr.
d' Evelyn.
The following letter from a well-known
breeder of sporting dogs is self-explana
tory:
FRfITVALE. Oct. 25. 189 S.
Editor of The Call — Dear Sir: In your issue
Of October 15, under the head of "Kennel
Xotes." you stated that the Pacific Kennel
league was going to announce to the public
that they would disqualify all exhibitors show
ing under the American Kennel Club rules
from their shows.
Your Informant, to say the least, was very
much mistaken, or Intended to make a false
impression before the public as to the objects
and Intentions of the Pacific Kennel League.
In the ttrst place, the Pacific Kennel League
■was not formed for the object of opposing the
American Kennel Club, nor having any quarrel
with any other kennel organization, but to pro
mote the kennel interests of the Pa<-iflo Coast
The Pacific Kennel League hap. as a matter
of fact, not seceded at all. as is believed by
many, nor was any vote taken on the riuestion
of "secession." We are simply asserting: our
undeniable American right of local self-gr/Vf-rn
ment. We have no quarrel with the American
Kennel Club, unless they deny our right to
hold shows outside of their Jurisdiction, if it
pleases us to do so.
The Oakland Kennel Club, being one to op
pose the organization of the Pacific Kennel
League, is to hold a show, under the American
K»nn»l Club rules, in Oakland, November 8, 9
and 10 next, and I will say that my dogs, as
well as dogs of other members of the Pacific
Kennel League, will be on exhibition there, and
it would be very foolish for us to turn around
and disqualify ourselves.
It seems that some people vrhn pose as
fanciers delight In writing articles in the pub
lic press which they know to he false, and I
challenge the party giving you the information
above referred to to show proof of his state
ment. It seems that they are trying to create
Impressions that the members of the Pacific
Kennel League are going about like bandits
and outlaws, with knives up their sleex-ex, seek
ing the life blood of every club which does not
happen to look at the question Just as they do,
hut I can assure the public that the Pacific
Kennel League was organized by gentlemen
who are going to use their effort* to promote
harmony among the kennel Interests of the
Coast.
By giving this communication space in your
Issue of the 29th innt. you will greatly oblige
yours respectfully, PERCY WARD.
Chosen Friends Are Hosts.
The "at home" of Young Ladies' Insti
tute No. 7 in Pioneer Hal! last night was
well attended by the membership and
friends. There was a programme of par
lor entertainment made up of the follow-
ing numbers: Vocal solo, Thomas J.
Gately; recitation, Thomas Hlckey; cor
net solo, M. Grennan; vocal solo, Miss
Elizabeth Canty; specialties. Little Rosle
Bennett; vocal duet. Miss Margie Murphy
and Miss Susie Roy, accompanied by Miss
May Stein.
At the close of the programme there
was dancing until a late hour. Miss May
Stt-in wes the floor director, and her as
sistant was Miss Maggie Mogan. Th«
very pleasant affair was under the direc
tion of the following named committee:
Mrs. W. F. Greany (chairman). Mrs.
George RichaftJson, Miss Nano Mahoney,
Miss Mollie Corigan. Miss Kate Buckley,
Miss Mary Mogan, Miss May Stein. Miss
Kitty Burke, Miss Celia Young, Mrs. M.
Cusick, Miss Kittle Stevens and Miss
Margaret Clarke.
Struck Iby a Train.
John Garritty, a young man living at
319 Langton street, attempted to board an
outgoing passenger train at Sixth and
Townsend streets shortly before noon
iresti r<lay. but missed his rooting and fell.
He was struck by the platform of one of
the cars. When taken to the Receiving
Hospital it was found that his nose was
broken and there were three wounds in
his scalp. The doctors also thought that
his skull was fractured slightly.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BAILED.
Friday, October 28.
Btmr Ohio, Bogfrs. Manila, via Honolulu
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Jewel, hence
Oct 27; echr Abbie, from s&a Fadro.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
CIVIL SERVICE
SYSTEM WILL
BE MODIFIED
President McKinley's
Proclamation.
CLEVELAND'S GAME UNDONE
OFFICIALS MAY APPOINT THEIB
OWN FIDUCIARY EMPLOYES.
Some Important Changes Said to Be
in Contemplation in the San
Franciscd Custom
House.
A telegram from Washington published
in yesterday's issue of The Call to the
effect that President McKinley was about
to issue a proclamation removing the
Cleveland cloak of civil service from the
shoulders of certain officials in the of
fices of the Internal Revenue Collector,
the Collector of Customs, the Mint Su-
perintendents and the sub-treasury offi
cials, caused a blizzard of apprehension
to traverse the spinal columns of the
threatened officials. The order is expect
ed to be issued by next Monday.
This step has been in contemplation for
many months, and Senator Perkins and
Congressmen Loud and Barham have
been subjected to a strong 1 pressure In the
matter.
As at present determined upon the or
der will affect upward of 6000 places. It
will include deputy collectors of internal
revenue who are authorized to become
i acting; collectors, actually serving in that
' capacit" There are about 2uoo of these
! deputies. The largest class affected is the
I corps of examining surgeons of the Pen
| sion Bureau, of whom there are in all
over 4100. There seems to be a general
i understanding that it win be better to
! have these left out of the civil service, al
■ though Secretary Bliss, while understood
i to favor such action, would not recom
1 mend it. Over 3000 of these surgeons are
stated at the Civil Service Commission
| never to have been classified under the
I civil service law. The order will clear up
; the misapprehension as to the actual
! status of the whole corps and place them
all outside. About fifty office deputy mar
shals heretofore reported as classified,
but concerning- whose status there has
been some doubt because of their being In
the judicial branch of the service, are ex
pected to be placed in the exempt class.
There are other scattering positions, in
cluding some of a fiduciary and confiden
tial character, which will aggregate sev
eral hundred.
Customs Collector Jackson stated yes
terday that as he understood the matter
the order would tnke out of the civil serv
ice list all officials employed under him
in a fiduciary capacity, such as die cash
ier, the auditor, the chief clerk and such
officials as were empowered under the
law to act as deputy collectors. This list
embraces Deputy Collector Farley, who
has been protected by the civil service
system. William Hamilton, familiarly
known as "Billy," was appointed cashier
by Collector Jackson at the request of
Senator Perkins. It is beueved that Mr.
Hamilton will be promoted to the posi
tion of auditor in place of Auditor Cope,
whose position has been a civil service
one. and that a very near friend and
namesake of the Collector will take the
office of cashier. Chief Clerk Jerome will
hold his position, as he appears to be in
dispensable.
The case of William J. Bryan, ex-Post
master of San Francisco, Is said to have
been an important factor in bringing
about the change in the system. While
Bryan was Postmaster one of the civil
service employes stole a large sum of
money and was convicted and sent to the
State Prison. Bryan's bondsmen were
sued by the Government for the amount
of the defalcation, and they set up as a
defense the fact that the thief had not
been appointed by Bryan and that he
could not discharge him and put a trust
ed man In his place before the emhezzle
ment came to light, and that therefore*
thf Government should stand the loss.
The United States Courts decided that
Bryan and his bondsmen were responsi
ble for the defalcation. From this de
cision the defendants appealed, and the
appeal was decided a few weeks ago by
United District Judge H. de Haven, who
affirmed the judgment of the lower court
and held that Bryan was responsible, and
that It was his duty to have kept so strict
a supervision over the civil service em
ployea that they would not have been
able to have stolen anything.
This decision naturally created conster
nation in the bosoms of Federal ofDce
holderg and their bondsmen, and a strong
pressure was brought to bear upon Presi
dent McKinley from all parts of the
United States to modify the civil service
j=o that employes in a fiduciary capacity
should be appointed and removed at will
by their superior officers.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch,
whose district has as large an area as
the State of Maine, said the proclamation
would affect twenty-seven out of the
thirty of his deputies, but as they all
were Republicans he did not think he
would make any changes for purely po
litical reasons.
"The Dead Body," by H. G. Wells,
author of 'The War of the Worlds,"
in next Sunday's Call.
WHEELMEN'S PARADE
FOR GOOD ROADS
The organized wheelmen and a goodly
sprinkling of the unattached are taking
considerable Interest in the parade to be
held to-night, under the direction of the
Associated Cycling Clubs, to celebrate the
repaying of Market street.
The Olympic Wheelmen have made most
extensive preparations, each member be
ing furnished with a special uniform and
a new white wheel. The racing contin
gent will wear their relay suits with black
tights, and non-members or unattached
riUers, who turn out with the club, will be
provided with colors by the committee.
All will meet at the Olympic Club at 7:15
to-night, or at 14 Golden Gate avenue at
the same hour.
The Bay City Wheelmen will make a
good showing, and as their club house is
on the line of march, they will throw it
open to members, their lady friends and
visitors generally during the evening.
The Imperial Club will assemble at its
rooms at 7:30 o'clock and Captain Edward
W. Schneider will lead the lineup. The
Californlas will be in command of Cap
tain R. A. Coulter, and the San Francisej
Road Club under Joe Lewis.
The prize list for the parade was given
in The Call last Monday, and many indi
vidual riders and clubs hope to capture
one of the trophies offered. The start will
be at Hayes and Van Ness, to Golden
Gate, to Market, to Kearny and return
over the same route.
Truly the sensation of the week in cy
cling circles was the announcement made
exclusively in The Call yesterday that the
price of the chainless wheels, made by the
leading dealer in that make both here and
in the East, would be cut from $125 to $75
on November 1, and remain at that price,
their chain wheels coming, down propor
tionately. The only hardship it will work
will be to the rider who bought a '98
chain wheel for $75, as its second-hand
price will now be about $20.
All of the clubs will attend the Associ
ated Clubs' annual theater party to be
held at the Tivoli next Wednesday even
ing, November 2. Blocks of seats have
been reserved for them, and a Jolly time
is expected. Jules F. Hancock, 636 Mar
ket street, is in charge of the arrange
ments.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
duplicate whist tournament Saturday
evening, November 12. Captain Menn'e
has a Targe corps of men in training for
the club's handicap road race on Novem
ber 13.
Will Knippenberg, prominent in the
trade at Los Angei'es, is in the city re
newing old acquaintances, and is making i
his headquarters at the Bay City club.
Floyd McFarland, the San Jose racing
man. has returned from the East and will
winter in California. He expects to go
back on the circuit again next season.
Leander Peckham of the Reliance Club,
who went East a month ago, writes the
cycling editor from Boston that he will be
back in less than a fortnight to reopen
the Overman branch that was closed
here some months ago.
Secretary James M. Hamilton of the
Cycle Board of Trade contributes the fol
lowing:
At a meeting held Thursday. October 20, IS9B,
!i c .. ff ° nn ° wln S resolution was unanimously
adopted: .
"Resolved. That the thanks of this organiza
tion are extended to the wheelmen's candidates
ror Supervisors of the expiring term, Messrs.
PcP cy any Rottanzi and Sheehan. who have
faithfully kept their pledges to the wheelmen
in the matter of improved streets and the re
paying of Market street, over which we are
now Jubilating."
On motion $50 was appropriated for the
purpose of adding: to the funds of the
good roads committee.
Edward Ross Lozier left'for Portland
an H L he Sound country Monday night. He
will be gone about two weeks and on his
return will spend another week in this
city before finally departing for his home
in Cleveland. H. W. SPALDING.
HUNTERS ARE WAITING
FOR ROUGH WEATHER
Politics and the glorious climate have
much to do with the present slim interest
that is taken by sportsmen in duck and
quail shooting. The weather of the past
few weeks has been a detriment to the
sport and only men of an extraordinary
fancy for shooting have ventured on up
landl or marsh in quest of game. A change
in me weather must result before sports
men can figure on anything that savors
a good bag. Clarence Haight and a friend I
grassed a nice bag of English snipe last
Sunday, but the location is kept within
their pockets. A hunter who returned i
yesterday from Fresno reports that wild '
duck are quite numerous in the fields !
that are irrigated and that the sports
men of Fresno are enjoying good shoot-
Ing. Ihe following letter explains itself:
BELMOXT, Oct. 24M838.
Sporting Editor Call. San Francisco: Hunt
ers for the wily rail were thick on Belmont
marsh yesterday. It was a sight to see the
strings of birds which almost without excep
tion every man carried away with him. A well
known dentist and his friend had over forty
mil, and a square estimate would he from
twelve to fifteen birds to the gun: all being
well satisfied with the day's fun. as the birds
were very lively and flushed easily compared
with last Sunday's experience.
A. F. WALTERMIRE.
JIUCE RIX writes about
Tfoe Democratic Candidates
UMEXT SUNDjmS CJILL.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was an advance In mining stocks and
Bales were larger In several, notably Con. Cal.
& Va., which sold up to 90c.
Occidental le assessed 10c.
Local securities were firm as a rule, with an
ndvance In Hawaiian Commercial and Giant
Powder.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a regular quarterly dividend of
5c per share, payable November 14.
The Pacific Sheet Metal Works has declared
the regular monthly dividend (No. £4), payable
November 5.
The official report from the Standard Con
solidated mine of Bodle for the week ending
October 22 la as follows: A few men have be
gun work In the mine, but so little has been
done that no measurements are reported. Here
after work will be continued on the 318 level In
the north drift. Black ledge, In the main
Standard long east crosscut and south drift
No. 10 vein; also in the east vein, 150 level,
west crosscut. At the mill the work of clean-
Ing up debris is progressing favorably and will
be completed before the week Is out. At Green
Creek the repairs to the pipe line are completed.
Hereafter only watchmen will be employed un
til the work of construction call* for more
men. At tailings plant No. l 370 ft tons of tail
ings were treated during the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Oct. 28—2 d. m.
Bid.Ask. Btrl.A«lc.
U 8 lionds— SF G & E.... 86 86*4
4s quar c0up.. 111 %112% San Fran .... — Z\L
4s quar reg...no-> llO 7,*7 ,* Stockton Gas.. IS —
Is quar new...127%128% Insurance—
4b quar coup.. 106% — . Flrem's Fund.2oß —
Miscellaneous— • * :.- Water Stocks —
Cal-st Cab 55..115%117 Contra Costa.. 54% 57
Cal El 6s 125 — Marin Co ;50 —
C C Wat 55... 100% — Spring Valley.loo% —
Dup-st ex c... — »Bft Bank Stocks—
E L & F 65.. 131%— Anglo-Cal .... 63 64%
F & Cl Ry 63.114 — Bank of Ca1. .248 250
Ceary-st R 6s. — 100 f al 81) 4 T.. — 100
H C& 8 5ft5.102 — First Natlonl.2lo" 220
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...131ft —
Do gntd 65.. 99 lOCi Mer Exchange — 14
Markot-st 65..12«% — Nev Nat 8....16S —
Do Ist M 55.114* i — Savings tanks—
N C NGRy 7s. 107% — O?r S & L..1590 —
N Ry Cal 65.. — 114 Hum S & 1,. 1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55. .104 — Mutual Say. 35 45
NPC R R 68.103 — S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R Ss.lOOftlOl BL L 50.... — 98
N Cal R II ss. — — Security S B 300 800
Oak Gas SB....IOSUKNH Union T C 0.1023. 1023 —
Om Ry 6s 12iiftl27ft Street Railroads—
P &Cl Rv 68.107 — California ....10S^109ft
P & O 6s 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65...— 12J Market-st .... 53% 54
Sac El Rv r.d.100 — Presidio Bft —
SF& N P os.llOiillOft Powder—
SierraßOal fis.lO4u.li)s>4 California ....125 150
SPOf Ar 68..107T»108Vt B Dynamite... 85 9S ;
S P Cal 65.... 11 l — Giant Con Co. 52ft 52%
SPC Is cc ss.'. — 104 Vlgorit 2>4 2%
8 P Br 6s 115^116 Miscellaneous—
S V Water Cs.llS^ — Al Pac Assn. .lo3 103H
S V Water 4s. 103% — G«T Ld \Vks..l«o —
Stktn lias .100 — Hana P C 0.... K,% 16H
Gas & Electric— II C & S Co.. 43 45%
Cent Gasllcht.lOS — Hutch S P Co. 62% —
Cent LAP... 8 — I Mer Ex As>«n. 90 —
Mptual L Co. 9 lOVi Oceanic S Co. 60^4 61
Oakland Gas.. 52% 53% Pac A F A., 1% 2%
Pac Gas Imp.. 85 — j Pac C Bor C 0.105. 105 —
Pac L Co 48% 50 'Par Paint Co. 7 —
20 Giant Powder Con 50 25
60 do do 50 50 ■
25 do do 50 62%
110 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 47 25
100 do do > 47 37%
25 Oceanic Steamship Co. 60.10
75 do do 60 62%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
$200 U S 3b Bonds 105 2.'>
150 Vlgorlt Powder 2 37&
Street—
8 Eastern Dynamite 85 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial # & Sugar 47 00
Afternoon Session.
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 47 75 ,
100 do do 4S 00 '
20 Giant Powder Con 50 75
60 do do 51 50
SO do do 5175
85 do do 52 00
125 do do ■ 52 50
10 do <lo 52 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 18 37»/4
75 Market-street Railway 53 87%
75 Oceanic Steamship C 0.... 60 50
10 8 F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
Street— . ; • ■
10 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
35 Oakland Gas 63 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 47 25
$4000 S P of Ariz 6s 108 00
Afternoon Session.
E0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 47 624
50 Hutchinson S P C 0... 62 50
40 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the pales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlne Session.
100 Belcher ' 091400 Gould A Curry.. 18
100 Best & Belcher. 2.") 200 Mexican — .... 17
200 24 1 100 16
100 23l500Ophir C 9
100 Challenge 13 300 Potosi IS
200Chollar 09 200 ....... 14
1000 ............ 10 100 Savage 07
500 Con Cal & Va... 87 1000 • ........08
200 SS SCO Sierra Nevada... 77
100. 89 300 Uta.l ............. 07
100 Crown Point ... 11 100 Yellow Jacket... 16
Afternoon Session. •
300 Alpha ........... 02,100 Justice 05
200 Andes .-. 00|rC0 Mexican 17
400 nest & Belcher. ," 22;|00Ophlr ............... 68
£00 Bullion 02 100 59
100 Challenge ..; 13 1 100 :. 67
100 Chollar , 09 100 PotoM , 14
100 Con Cal & Va... 86 1 600 Savage 08
$00 Hale & Norcrs.. 98 200 Sierra ; Nevada... ' 76
200 99 100 Yellow Jacket... ■) IS
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
1000 Andes ...'...'.... 10 1200 Justice ......... 05
400 Best & Belcher. 23 400 Mexican ........ 17
SOO ...... 24 TOO ...... 16
COO Bullion ............ 02 700 Ophir .., 68
ECO ...... ............ 400. . 69
400 Caledonia 26 700 Potosi * 13
200 Con & Va... 86 3000 Savage ...rO7
700 ............ 87 2000.... OS
400 S8 600 Sierra Nevada... 76
600 .;...........;...;.■ 89 200 75
860 90 300 Union Con 25
200 Crown Point ... 10 200..... 24
600 ....:... 11 400 Yellow Jacket... 17
500 Gould & Curry.. 19
; Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 06 200 ...... 99
400 Best & Belcher. 21 300 Ophir 68
500 Challenge Con.. -.141300 ' .: 67
1650 Con Cal & Va.. 1 86 300 Potosi >:..•.;. ..;....' 14
800 :..;.. ........;... ;85 500 Savage :...;...... 08
200 Confidence - .... . . 42 . 200 Sierra * Nevada... ' 76
400 Gould & Curry.. 18 600 Utah..'.....- 07
400 Hale & Norcru,. * Ml .•-■• * ,
.-■' • ■■ ■ ■■ .- . .' . -■■ • ■
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Oct. 28— 4 p. m.
 . Bld.Ask.i Bid. Ask.
Al Pha 02 03 Julia — 02
Alta 04 OBiJuetioe 05 0«
An , deß 09 10'Kentuck 03 04
gelcher 08 09|Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con ... — 07 ! Mexican 10 17
Best & Belcher 21 22! Occidental 40 —
Bullion oi 02iOphir 67 58
Caledonia 25 27 Overman 03 05
£{?°l ar 09 10 Potosi 14 15
Chullenge Con. 13 15 Savage 07 08
Confidence 40 - Scorpion 03 -
Con Cal & Va. 85 86|?eg Belcher ... 01 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 74 75
Crown Point .. 09 10 Silver Hill .... — 05
Con New York. — oil Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 -'Standard 175 —
Exchequer 01 03| fnion Con .... 23 24
Oould & Curry. 17 18jT'tah 05 07
Hale & Norcrs. 99 1 00l Yellow Jacket. 15 16
HEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Peter P. McGrath to I. Newton Rosekrans, lot
on \v line of Cook street,. 100 S of Point Lobos
avenue, S 25 by W 120; $10.
.. .i am A - Brown to Anna M. "Whitney, un
divided one-half of lot on N line of Golden Gate
a Y, enue> 107:6 W of Polk. \V 25 by N 120; $10.
William and Jeannette Wolf to Isaac Wolf,
lot on i N line of Ellis street, 115 "W of Gough,
W 50 by N 137:6; $10.
Same to Louis Friedman, lot on NW cor
ner of Ellis and Gough streets, W 30 by N 130;
Same to "William Rogers, lot on N line of
Ellis street, 30 W of Gough, W 30 by N 100;
Same to Hyman Wolf, lot *n N line of Kills
street, 60 W of ;?r o ugh ' w 65. N 137:6, E 25, s
37:6. E 30. S 100; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Morris
Blum, lot on E line of Castro street, 26:6 N
of Liberty, N 25 by E 105; $10
Sarah F. Lang to William Giselman (trustee),
lot on is line of Washington street, 98 E of
Front. E 16 by. N 60; $5333.
William Giselman (trustee for trust of S.
Clinton Hastings) to O. B. Smith, lot on N
line of Washington street. 80 E of Front, E 16
by N 60; grant.
Spring Valley Water Works to German Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on N line of Cali
fornia street, 137:6 Wof Montgomp'- N 137:6
by W 22:3, grant; $25. WO.
Madeline Curdy to Herman Levison. lot on
N line of Sutler street. 137:6 E of Kearney, E
34:4% by N 104:6; $5.
William. Robert and Ellen White, Rebecca
Dawson, Joseph, Jennie and Catherine Silva,
Catherine E. Pentland, Robert and Jennie El
liott and John W. Horn to Charles S. John
son, lot on NE corner of Hyde and O'Farrell
streets, N 90 by E 25; also all interest In es
tate of Eliza J. Benson, quitclaim deed; *10.
Same and Elizabeth R., Maggie E. and John
R. Sloan (by S. P. Mlddleton. referie) to same,
same property; $13,000.
John and Jane Forster to Alexander F. Mar
shall, lot on W line of De Haro street, 175 N
of Sonoma, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to Ber
nard Bogner, lot on E line of Forty-seventh
avenue, 200 S of J street, S 60 by E 120; $10.
Joseph L. and Maria S. Hall to Frank A.
Meyer and Thomas Roach, lot il, block 193,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $250.
Alameda County.
J. S. Mathews, Eliza V. and James Ford and
J. S. Wixon (by commissioner) to Common
wealth Mutual Building and Loan Association,
lot on W line of Magnolia street, 127:4 ft S of
Twelfth, S 27:4 ft by W 133:3, block 562, Oak
land; $2012.
Isabella Porter to E. A. and Elizabeth Rath
bun, lot on E line of Wood street, 54 N of
Chase. N 54 by E 102:6, being lots 8 and 4, block
6!<6. Casserly Tract, Oakland; gift.
Edmund & Lois A. Atwell to Axel Lind. lot
on E line of Vnion street, 150 S of Thirty-sec
ond, S 25 by E 133:3, block G. Lands Peraita
Homestead Association, Oakland; grant.
Cora A. and Charles J. Raleigh and John J.
O'Rourke (by commissioner) to Commonwealth
Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot on
N line of Thirty-sixth street, 276.26 W r of
Grove, N ISO. 22, W 30, S ISD, E S3. to begin
ning, block A. Apgar Tract, Oakland Annex;
$2000.
Lizzie H. Holmes to Arthur H. Breed, lot on
N line of Maple street, 200 W of Canning, W
50 by N 100. being lots 33 and 34. block R, Rob
erts and Wolfskin Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Arthur H. and Caroline H. Breed to M. W.
Sargent, lot 4, block I, Btone Tract, being a
subdivision of lots 1 to 5, Stone subdivision,
subject to a mortgage. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Theodore A. Eisfeldt to Anna E. Eisfeldt,
lot on W line of Schiller street, 65 S of Rail
road avenue, S ." oby W 108, block 30, Stewart
Tract, Alameda: $10.
Anna E. Eisfeldt to Edgar D. Peixotto, same,
Alameda; $10.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to H.
Hahn, lot on N line of Buena Vista avenue, 232
E of Willow street. E 40 by N 147:6, block 17.
lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Robert and Margaret J. Gordon to Stephen
G. Nye, undivided 1000-1323 interest of lot on
NE line of Castro street, 120 SE from S Cal
houn street. NE 110 by SE 40, Town of Hay
w.tnls, Eden Township; grant.
John A. and Agnes N. Weston to D. K.
Wade, lot on E line of King street, 150:6 8 of
Mason, 8 75:3 by E 120. being lot 43, block 8,
lands Regent Street Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Rosa L. de Vargas to Manuel I. Mello, lot
Map of Smith subdivision San Leandro, Eden
Township; $10.
John F. Taylor to Emma J. Foster, all Inter
est in property described In deed from State
Tide Land Commission, dated December 11. 71
in 105 d 411; also described in conveyance from
Clark Churchill to John F. and H. W. Tay
lor in 95 d 24; also described in conveyance from
H. W. Taylor to John Taylor as undivided ft
interest and recorded in 95 d 11; — .
Edwin P. Wella to Bernard Ransome, lot on
N line of Todd street, 195 E of Baker. E 25
by N 132, being the E 25 feet of lot 12, block F.
same, Oakland Annex; $10.
Same to Margaret E. Klngsland (wife of Jos
eph), lot on N* line of Todd street, 220 E of
Baker, E 50 by N 132. being lot 13, block F,
same, Oakland Annex; $10.
A. V. and M. A. Tuohy to Harriet Barnett.
lot on N line of Eunice street, 134.90 E of
Laurel. E 10 by N 400, being portion of plat Q.
Mountain and Hill lands, Oakland Township:
$100.
M. C. and Sarah L. Parklson f R. H. Park
ison. lot on BW corner of John and Webster
Btreets, W 125 by S 100. block 7. Howe Tract.
Oakland Annex; $10.
Fred L. Cleaves to Kati» F. M. Cleaves, lot
on S line of Channlng way, 2K5 W of Audu
bon street. W 45 by S 135, being lot 21, Map
of Bell property, Berkeley; gift.
A. and Anna M. Henry to Rod. W. Church,
lot on S line of Carrlson street. 360 E of Mabel,
E 34 by S 124, being lot 8, block B. amended
map Teachers' Tract: $10.
Union Land Company to Elizabeth C. Sel
frldge. lot 25, block B, Teachers' Tract, Berke
ley; $10. ________________
£AN FRANCISCO CALL
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAlli6ter street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
€15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftrertx; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. It.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J^_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- TKJf
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. »V>
A WARM Hallowe'en— Great fun at v Cy>,.
the Stag High Jinks of the S. F. 3V, (Ajij
Scottish Thistle Club TO-NIGHT mlfif
at Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell st., ''^iWfc
commencing at 9 o'clock. Members and their
friends are invited to attend.
W. A. DAWSON. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
ANNUAL Meeting— El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company.— Notice Is hereby
given that the adjourned annual meeting of
the stockholders of the El Dorado Water
and Deep Gravel Mining Company i will be
held at the office of the company at Placer-
ville on Saturday, the twelfth (12th) day of
November, 1898, at 7 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing . a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion cf such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting.
A. D. HENDERSON, Secretary.
Plaeervllle, October 27. 1898.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Excelsior Mining Company
In the Excelsior mine, at Lowell Hill, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings in the North
Fork of Steep Hollow: from .Toy Kee, in the
Fair Play mine, near Scales, Sierra County
to deposit tailings In Fair Play ravine; from
S. F. Bullard and A. M. Gray, In the Gravel
Hill or McCutchean placer mine, near Ne-
vada City, Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings in Little Deer Creek; and from Elmoro
Rutherford, i In the Plumas Bonanza gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County to
deposit tailings In Sherman ravine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on No-
vember 7. 1898. at 1:30 p. m.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~ "
DIVIDEND No. 86 of the Oceanic Steamship
Company (fifty cents . -r share) will be pay-
able at the office of . the company, 327 Mar-
ket St., on and after Tuesday. November l.
IS9B. Transfer books will close on Wednes-
day, October 26. 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m. — -
<.'.< ■--■- E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.,
BAD tenants ejected for {4; collections madeT
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
. CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: el, 5580. •
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. ' Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
DR. ' MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fails or no fee: free diagnosis., ■ 100 Haight st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES', for a first-class ■; German cook sea
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Butter st. v r ;
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places,
washing; good references. Address 387 Hayes.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued^'
A COMPETENT colored cook desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CuL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT Danish girl desires situation at house-
work; good cook: 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
b ermaid desires situation; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
or second girl or housework. $10 to $15; ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes a
situation to take care of children; best of
references. Address box 1073. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a woman 30 years old;
cooking and general housework; wages $20.
634 Minna st., near Sixth.
WANTED— By a young lady, position as Junior
teacher of elocution and voice building in
- dramatic school. Address box 1326, Call.
CAPABLE woman wishes any kind of work
by the day; will take work home; laundress.
516 Lombard st., near Powell.
YOUNG girl desires a situation to assist in
light housework or care for one child. Ad-
dress 10 Thirteenth st. ; apply bet. 10 and 4.
YOUNG girl desires a situation to do light
. housework; south of Market st. Apply at 11V&
Clara st. ; .."-:'-
COMPETENT woman, first-class cook, by the
day or week. Call 2 days, 20 Willow aye.,
between Eddy and Ellis sts.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position at general
housework. Apply 257 Clementina at., oft
Fourth.
GOOD cook wants a situation In a boarding
house or Institution; best of references. Ap-
ply 1113^ Howard st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation In a
private family; cooking or general house-
work. 38 Dame st.
PLACE as housekeeper for party of gentlemen
or chambermaid hotel. Address box 1341, Call.
YOUNG German girl, first-class seamstress,
wishes position as nurse or maid; best refer-
ences. 1534 Jackson st.
MIDDLE-AGED French widow would like a
position as housekeeper or as good French
cook: excellent city references. Box 1333. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes work by the
day or week; is a first-clans laundress. Box
1331, Call office.
YOUNG girl would like position to care for
children and do light housework. Call or
address 4 Rose aye.
POSITION of trust, a housekeeper or nurse;
willing to sew; stating where I can call No-
vember 1. Address San Mateo Cyclery, San
Mateo.
FRENCH young lady wishes to do second work
and sewing every forenoon In exchange for
her room and board. Address box 1351. Call.
_ i
AT the German Employment Office, MRS. I
' LAMBERT, 417 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5332;
help of all nationalities. -.-■ -;■
SITUATIONS WANTED— SiALK. . j
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
WANTED— By a competent bookkeeper and all
round office man, of good address, whose ref-
erences and letters are excellent in every
way, a position of trust as manager or head
bookkeeper, where faithful service would be
appreciated. Address E. S. LXSHMAN, 1122
Chestnut St., Oakland.
YOUNG Englishman of good character and
ability and with $100 to Invest desires situa-
tion or partnership in small business where
hard work would gain a comfortable living.
Address by letter only D. L. S., room 22,
Alpha House, 6 Market st., 8. F.
POSITION of any kind wanted by an Indus-
trious, reliable, honest business man with
best of references, speaking English and Ger-
man; no objection to go out of town. Box
1323. Call office.
YOUNG man between 17 and 18 with some ex-
perience In wine and liquor business, desires
a position in same line. Address box 1072,
Call office.
YOUNG man would like situation to drive any
kind of a team; good references. Box 1349,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED pork butcher and sausage-
maker wants situation. Address G. G., box
1327. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position with good home;
city or country; references; no trifling. Ad-
dress box 134», Call office.
WOMAN would like her boy, 15. to learn trade;
machinist or plumbing: good honest boy.
Address 1614 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Any position In small hotel or lodg-
ing-house for board and lodging; highest ref-
erences. Address box 1322. Call office.
STEADY, sober, handy man wants work about
a private place as gardener; city or country;
best of references. Box 1320, Call office.
BY German gardener, generally useful ; under-
stands care of horses; can milk. P. M., 674
East Sixteenth St., East Oakland.
GERMAN wishes a situation In business or
private place as watchman; has best refer-
ences. C. H.. 127 Turk st.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation as
good cook an<l housework; $5 a week up: has
good reference. G. S. NAGATA, 456 Jessie.
UNDERTAKER and upholsterer wants work;
can do anything in the furniture line and is
a first-class undertaker; 15 years' experience;
references. W. C, 92* Mission st.
POSITION wanted — Stationary engineer, 8
years' experience In large shops around Chi-
cago; am also ateamfitter. Address L. \V.
BAKER, 707 Minna Ft.
YOUNG man 19 years of age wants a position
where he can work in the evening for his
board and lodging. Box 1347. Call.
SALESMAN with highest references wishes to
travel for house on commission; 16 years' ex-
perience. Box 1352, Call.
COOK of many years experience in this city
wishes situation. Box 1356, Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
school boy; city or country. OKI, care H
IDE & CO., 201 Sixth St.. city.
COACHMAN or general man wants situation;
thorough horseman, good gardener; single;
bent references; city or country. Call at
stable, 1217 California St.
JAPANESE hcusecleanlng, wash windows or
contract. 1503 Fillmore st. Tel. Steiner 231.
WINCHESTER House, 4» Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 30 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
HOTEL cook, $25; small place. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIRL as nurse; work half a day; $10 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED nurse, willing to travel to Europe
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French second girl, $25 MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as nurse $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $20 p«r month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Su^er st.
COMPANION to invalid lady; country; $10 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter »t.
COLORED cook, $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED German nurse, $20, one child. 6
years; cook, game house, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl or woman, light housework, ranch.
115; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter as cook and second
girl, $40; small country hotel. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Butter st. /■/ ■ ■,
FIRST-CLASS cook, a short distance, see lady
here at 10 to-day, $30 to $35; 2 Protestant
cooks, plain wash, $25; second girl and sew-
ing, $25; restaurant cook, $7 week: chamber-
maid, assist waiting, $20; 5 waitresses, $20,
$25 and $5 week, and a large number of girls
for housework. J. F. CROSETT & C 0.,314
Sutter st.
NEAT girl for housework In a small American
family across the bay, $25; Protestant wait-
ress, private i family. $20; | cook, small board-
Ing house, $25. and others. J. F. , CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES, city and country, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid to wait,
country, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses; 5 cham-
bermaids. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. - ■ ___2.L
HOUSE girl, small family, Berkeley. $25, see
lady here; girls for Oakdale, San L»andro,
Vallejo. Oakland, Lorln. Ross Valley, $20 and
$25, and a great many cooks and house girls
for city places, $12 to $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. ■" "V.
COOK Institution. $40: cook, small country
hotel, $20; second girl, $25, city; Swedish
housekeeper, $20; house girl. Oakland, $25; 2 :
house girls, Oakland, $20 each; 11 house girls,
city, $20 and $25; cook. $30; 2 cooks. $25 each:
young girl to assist, $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. _____
WANTED — 3 young- German or Scandinavian
cooks. $25 and $30; experienced French nurse,
$25; German or French second girl, $25; Ger-
man, upstairs work and children. $20; young
girls for light housework. $:5. LEON AN-
DRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Number of girls to fill various situ-
ations at good wages. MRS. ; HIRD, 631
* Larkin st. , : -.;..-
GIRL to assist small family; wages $10. Call
between 9 and 11 a. m., 2050 Ellis st.
WANTED— *lri to assist in housework. 1320
Eddy st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
LADIES to embroider pillow covers; work sent
to your home: good pay; send reply envelope
for particulars and sample. Manhattan Em-
broidery Co., 128 Water st.. New York.
WANTED— An Austrian girl or woman t<v
cooking and downstairs work: wages $2a. Ai~
ply 3600 Washington st.. forenoon or evening.
YOUNG girl for housework: small family; •
the country. Apply Saturday morning at
810 Shrader st. >^
GIRL for general housework; must be good
cook: references required; wages $25. 3233
Jackson st.
GOOD waitress wanted at 789 Mission St., be-
tween 6 and 8 p. m.
GIRL to do housework. 1220_Fllbert Bt.
GIRL for general housework. 1164 Halght at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework. 216 ft
Grove st.
WANTED— Good stout girl to assist in house-
work and cooking. Apply 1524 Mission st.
GIRL for light work in bakery, assist with chil-
dren; wages $10. 2808 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A middle-a*red German woman
wanted to keep house tn the country. Inqulr*
in the morning at 1221 Webster st.
SEAM binder on Jackets. DAVIDSON & MIL-
LER. 731 Market st.
GOOD finisher on coats; wages $10. 251 Eighth
st., Oakland. Cal.
AT the Employment Office. MRS. LAMBERT.
417 Powell St.; help of all nationalities to fill
various positions.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrta; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont st.
PHYSICIAN requires a young lady medical
graduate (Protestant) for a sanitarium. Peld-
mont, box 524. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced fur machine operators.
Apply H. LJEBES A CO., 137 Post st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; po«lti©n^
free; patterns, 26c up. McDowell's. 108 Port.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns, 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WAA'TED— MAKE.
MURRAY & READY MTTRRAY A READY,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want to-day. 7 a. m.'
284 more men for ARIZONA -.
FREE FARE
187 railroad teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day
184 railroad laborers, $175 day
Into the heart of gold mines
87 2-horse teamste«s, $175 day
25 laborers ~ $1 75 day
Fare cost you $1, we pay th* rest
16 farm and orchard hands. $36. $20 and found
3 choremen for ranches. $15 and $20 and found
In San Francisco
4 stablemen, $40, $50. $30, $25 and found
24 2 and 4 horse teamsters. $1 75 and $2 day
S4 laborers, differem places, $1 75. $1 60 day
3 boys to learn trades $3 week
Married
5 farmers and wlven, with and without chil-
dren. $35, $80. $30 and found
2 laborers, city, board home, $175 day
S milkers $25 and $20 and ftound
Hoedown - StrawTjuck
25 postmakers $1 50 cord
87 woodchoppers — $2 50 to $l.cord
89 tlemakers 8c and lie each
Shingle packer, see boss here
Harness-maker
Boy far peddling wagon, city. $15 and found
Typewriter and assistant bookkeeper. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
CALL early We ship to-day
To the sawmills and woods
10 more common laborers, no experience re-
quired, $26 and found, half fare paid
We also want, to go this morning f
For another large sawmill company: '
Edgerman $2 50 day Tail sawyer — $1 50 day
Spooltender $1 75 day Trimmers $1 75 day
5 lumber pliers .-,.- $26 and found
10 Bwamperß $26 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS Waiters Bakers
8 cooks, city and country hotels, $40, $35 and
$30; 3 restaurant cooks, $10, $9 and $8 week
and found; cake baker, city, $30 and found;
2 dishwashers, bakeries, $25 and board; hotel
broiler and restaurant broiler, $40 and $50 and
found; short-order cook for Seattle, $50 and
found; second cook, Seactle. $50 and found;
elevator boy, barber, dishwashers, butcher,
etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
YOUNG man with city experience to tend gro-
cery and bar. $15 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St. ' ■ •
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.. want to-
day:
Teamsters railroad work, $20 and board,
fare 50 cents.
Laborers and teamsters, mountain rail- I
road. I
10 quarrymen. $2 a day, steady work.
10 four-horse teamsters, $22 and board.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
FOR SKAGUAY, Alaska railroad, ship Sunday.
fare $16 to Skaguay. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
COOK- and wife, country hotel, $70; broiler. $50;
short order cook, ountry restaurant. $10 a
week; second cook, boarding-house. $40;
third cook, country hotel. $35: cook, city. $9
a week; tamale maker. $25 and found; 2 dish-
washers, same country hotel. $20 ea.cn; dish-
washers, city. $25; butcher, $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
OYSTERMAN, $35 and board, call early. C. R.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAITER, country hotel, $25; city. $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary «t.
BODY ironer, $20 and found, country hotel. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
BARBER to run the shop at a large mine!
Particulars at C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. •'
HEAVY wagon blacksmfth for Mexico. $150 a
month, see boss here, fare advanced. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CABINET makers, piece work; milker and
butter maker; milker, $25; farmers, $20; wood-
choppers, Sonoma and Sacramento counties,
75c to $1 50" a cord. C. K. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED — 3 stout laborers for country, $2 day:
farmers, $20; man and wife to take place, rent
free; miners, $40 and board; 5 coal miners.
$1 ton: choreman for vineyard, $20: 4 men to
clear land, $25 acre: handy man about mine,
$2 day; 2 office boys; and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacrajnento st. \
WANTED— Cook and wife. $65; hotel cook, $50;
neat young lunch cook, $46: second cook. $23
and room: broiler, $50; cook and baker, $60;
cook for men, $25; oystermaai and waiter. $3f. ;
dishwasher. $25; waiter, $8 week; dishwashers,
neat bellboys, etc. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— American foreman for fruit farm,
single, salary $500 year: references required.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., MS Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Butler, $40; footman, $40; broiler.
$;>0; assistant butcher, $40; young man aa
kitchen hand. $20; dishwasher, coffee house,
$25; waiter, $35: n ght watchman for hotel.
$15; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
COOK for Institution, $30; camp cook, $25;
boarding house cook, $35; dairyman, country;
laborers, city, $1 75 a day; woodehoppers. R.
T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay at.
AN assistant coachman, $15 per month and
found. VTSS CTLLEN. 325 Sntter at.
TAMALE maker. $25 and found, see party hero.
MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
PORTER, country hotel. $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
FIRST-CLASS oak gralners to bid on grain-J^.
Ing 2 flats on Mississippi rt., between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. Send bids to Painter.
1941 Mission st.
WHOLESALE liquor house requires the serv-
ices of traveling salesman. Particulars and
reference* to box 1323, Call office.
BARBER, from 4 to 10 p. m. 1511 Market at.,
bet. Eleventh and Twelfth.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 909 Bat-
tery St., between Graan and \allejo.
BARBER for Saturday: $3. 1224 Polk st.
BARBER for Saturday. 623 Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $5.
202 Fourth at. .
TWO barbers wanted. 131 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 602 Clay street.
TAILOR to work by the week, country. Apply
8 o'clock. Sll Market Bt. _
WANTED— Men and women: neat work; good
wages. IVORYTYPE CO., 136 Sixth, rm. 11.
BOY for printing office. Apply P. BOULIX.
519 Filbert st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1390 Turk street.
AN experienced counter »man for coffee saloon.
836 Valencia st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 217 Sixth st.
BROILER who can work on range at th«
Louvre. Eddy and Powell sts.
WANTED— Night dishwasher. 20 Stockton st.
BOY to learn blacksmithlng and horseshoeing.
1718 Fill more st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted at 1212 Vi Polk st.
Model Restaurant, ("all early. i
TRAVELER for wholesale liquor house: good
references required. Box 1334. Call office.
DENTIST wanted; must be an Al operator.
Address box 1330. Call office.
DRESS, domestic, fancy and men's furnishing
goods salesmen. Address box 1329, Call.
Al OPERATORS on ladles" Jackets; hlf best I
wages. DAVIDSON & MILLER, 731 Market*HELP WANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
Tine corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
"unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellin st., San Francisco, Cal. ■-
WANTED —An experienced salesman who
thoroughly understands stoves and hardware;
a quick active man. Apply to WEINSTOCK.
LUBIN & CO., 623 Market, from 2 to 8 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— A first-class dress goods salesman.
Apply 523 Market st., room 7. WEINSTOCK.
LUBIN & CO.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
TO Tailors— Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Stevenson-st. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 32S
Bush St., office No. 4, third floor.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
-HOES repaired while you wait: half price.
oS2 Mission st , bet. First and Second.
~*o PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
262 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed, $15. 1542 Market st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 El'l3 St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast, "
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; £00 rooms, 2fc night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS AVANTED. ~
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty: Just In. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
elty Co., 1155% Washington st., Oakland. .■■
MAN or woman of ability to take State man-
agement of a good paying- business; some
cash. 83 Sixth St., room 8.
WANTED — Woman of education and refinement
to act as local agent for London firm. 33
Sixth St., room S. |
ROOMS WANTED.
PROMINENT pianist will give lessons for a
room. Box 1074, Call office.
WANTED— Unfurnished room, about $3 or $4
month: man. Box 13.5. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Sunny suite of large alcove, partly
furnished, with board; man. wife and child;
private family: close to Market and Taylor,
north; reasonable. Address box 1345, Call.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A yacht between 20 and 30 feet
long; must be cheap. Address G. G. S., 112
Jones St., . .
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus; second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plata for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
■when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason St.; phone
South 781.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without r'aies, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. Me: crowns. .$3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
' ta! Parlors, 24 Sixth' St."; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, .Id. $1 up; silver, 25c j
up; brUges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
DeQtlsts, 9G9 -fission St.. corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist.
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improve.i bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. Jo up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
957 Market St.. corner Sixth. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: ail work reasonable: gas given. ,
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing. 'telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, saying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
ATRKS' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidua; Instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English I
branches, etc; life scholarship, $50; low rates !
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lln, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 ' Twenty-
fourth st., near Sanchez.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry Phls Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 8. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archil.; day& eve •
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933"Market! !
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis!
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
• Instructions; correct, nature! Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; j>hort time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bids;.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush. j
HORSES.
JURT arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards, 721 Howard.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyard*, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
, make an offer. '■
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednea-
, day. SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers;
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR SALE — An extra well matched and very
fine carriage team; Cleveland dark bays, with
black points; 17 hands high. Address A. B.
C. box 1344, Call office. .'
WANTED— Light business buggy, with or with-
out rubber tires; state price, etc. Box 1343,
Call office.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie--
hold Hnrn'-si Co.. 211 Lnrkln. nr.p. City Hall.
LOST.
LOST— Pair of opera glanses. on Jones st., bet.
Eddy and Ellis; reward. 305 Jones St.
$10 REWARD for return to 2616 Twenty-first
yt. of a lady's gold watch that was lost.
FOUND.
FOUND— terrier. Owner can have
fame by proving property and paying ex-
pensee. 501 -Hayes st.
ATTORNEYS fAT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market «t., room 7. ■
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees in advance. .
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. :___
I'HVSICIANS.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine. $1 50: open 9:30 to 5. 9D7
Market, cor. 6th. opp. Welnstock & Lubin's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
120fi Market: diseases of women a specialty.
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $3up; n»w girls'
wheels. $18; new 1897 high grade $100 bicycle
for $2'J; new tires,' $2; new pedals, $1 25 a pair; 1
repairing. JOSEPH HOLT-E. 20th and Folsom. |
,'«< ■ . ... • STORAGE."
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
. BUSINESS CHANCES.
$_S^WI_J. secure^you half Interest in paying
saloon; must bf sober, steady and reliable;
owner responsible. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$200— WOOD and coal yard; central; south of
and near Market Ft.; good horse and wagon; ;
est: 30 years; splendid. LESS, 765 Market.
$450— SALOON and lunch house, 9 furnished
rooms, among factories downtown; furniture
Included. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
LAUNDRY route, with first-class horse
and wagon; 100 regular cash customers; will
easily clear $75 per month; any one can run
this. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
CIGARS, candies, notions, laundry office;
3 living rooms; rent $15; rare offer and as
good as It Is cheap. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
SALOON with living rooms; established
30 years; between shops and factories; must
be sold at once on account of sickness; rent
only $20 a momh. M. LESS & CO., 763 Mar-
ket st.
A— WE hava buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give u» a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— s22s; delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fitted up: selling account sickness.
National Business Ex.. 7 Grant aye.
$200— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225 — Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant: No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$175— Branch bakery; Market st; rent $15.
$200 — Cigar store; receipts, $12 per 'day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$350— SALOON; bargain this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$400— CORNER grocery, and bar; bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
SALOON in prosperous country town;
retiring cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
$750— SALOON and lodging house; bargain. Me-
LAUQHLtN & CO.. .777 Market st.
A— ssooo; DRUG store across the bay; elegantly
fitted and well stocked; receipts $1200 month-
ly; no competition. KREDO & C 0.,-2 1 . Geary.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery, delicacy, laundry
office; $16 dally. KREDO & CO., 22',. Geary.
A— s7oo; GROCERY and bar; fine corner; value
in stock: $20 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
$150— OYSTERS croker; best location; clears $50
month; week's trial. BASILE. 573% Market.
COAL yard nr Market st.; horse, wagons ;
good business. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Mkt.
GOOD-PAYING saloon; fine location: reason-
able rent PAUL CULVER, room 23, sth fl..
Mills building.
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Store suitable for
any business; low rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
7-YEAR established fruit, poultry stand; a bar-
gain. 1919 Bush st.
$159— FINE saloon and lunchroom; clears $60
month; rare chance. Inquire 731 Natoma st.
STATIONERY business, stock ', and fixtures; j
good location. 1016 Washington St.. Oakland.
SALOON; bargain; must sell this day account
of other business. 23 East at. ■ (
GOOD butcher business at a low figure; excel-
lent location; a good tenant wanted: first-
class inducements to right man. Apply to
A. R. D. Jr., 1457 Webster St., Alameda.
M_g — GOOD paying business; must be sold im-
mediately at a sacrifice; owner leaving coun-
try; fullest investigation. 265 O'Farrell st.
FOR Sale — Butter, egg and cheese business do-
ing a cash business of $40 per day. Address
box 4001. Call office.
GOOD grocery and liquor store for sale; corner
Filbert and Laguna sts.
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; must be sold at
once. Call premises, 335 Fourth st.
$175— HOME bakery; must Bell this month;
leaving city; worth double. Box 1338. Call.
BARBER shop for sale, with baths: good busi-
ness; country. Apply 104 Seventh st.
GROCERY and store, 8358 Howard St.; must
be sold on account of sickness. ■
FOR Sale — Ortet Bros., pioneer cutlers, 624
Commercial st., bet. Montgomery and Leldes-
dorff; goods suitable for butchers and cooks.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale. 2875 Sixteenth
St., near Howard.
GOOD-PAYING saloon; fine location; reason-
able ' rent; clears $150 per month. PAUL
D. CULVER, room 23. fifth floor. Mills bldg.
FOR SALE— Saloon, restaurant and 15 rooms:
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Box 1304, Call.
FOR SALE— A good-paying saloon. Apply
John Wieland Brewery.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address ■In th» Unitod
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
lodging houses for SAL—
H. C. DECKER, ■ :
1020 MARKET st., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
ONLY $200
..10-ROOM HOUSE....
32-ROOM HOUSE
PAYMENT SUIT
. 10-room house; only $150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms: clears $100 600
19-room boarding house 1400
40-room house; only $150 cash 450
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 760!
26 rooms on Mission: new 1500 1
44- room house; corner 1600
22 rooms near City Hall 600
36 rooms; clears $200 1500
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
10 rooms all rented; business street 300
25 rooms; on Market St.; clears $200 600
23 rooms; new furniture; clears $150.. 1000
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— ll ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; clears $75
month; all new furniture: snap
12 rooms on Ellis st.; cost $2000; new fur-
niture; only $1100
48 rooms north of Market st. ; fine 1200
76 rooms: select: transient; corner 3500
28 rooms; rent *65 550
37 rooms: north of Market; clears $125.... 1500
10 rooms; all new furniture .'... 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION,
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F C HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
L. W ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYDE &
CO. (formerly clerk for H. C. DECKER).
A— SI & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
E3 rooms; best corner on Sixth $1600
48 rooms; good location for business 2000
38 rooms; fine corner; clears $100 1100
14 rooms; good corner; transient.. 800
II rooms; cost ,00; a snap at 750
10 rooms; nice bouse; clears $40 650
A— s6fjO; 23 rooms: monthly receipts $115: rent
545; good furniture. Kredo & Co., 22% Geary.
A— s6so; 37 rooms; centrally located; clears $150
. month; snap. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175118 rooms; fine $550
16 rooms 250 20 rooms; snap 600
37 rooms 700150 rooms 1250
_ National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
TURK, 127— Lodging house, 15 rooms; carpenter
shop; nice location; cheap.
FOR SALE— Furniture 9 rooms; auiet, clean.
always full: no agents. 313% O'Farrell st.
O'FARRELL, r,:>3— First-class of house Of 9
rooms: B completely furnished.
FIRXITVRE FOR SALE.
HANDSOME furniture of 6 rooms, nearly new
Call 1 to 5 p. m. at 2112 Pine st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BUTCHER shop fixtures for sale. Apply 3020
Twenty-sixth st.
FOR SALE— Six-horse power Zenith gas engine
nearly new. 519 Mission st.
BARS.- back bars, mirrors, snowcases. counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand .1
NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth.
FRESH, family cow far sale. 1534 Church st.
HELM wheel of cruiser d' Juan de Austria, cap-
tured at Manila. Apply S. S. Zealandla, Pa-
' clflc-st. wharf. -■-'"-•. •-?,--
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
4% HORSE-POWER gas engine good as new
for sale cheap at Sl-33 Park aye. •
Enirine boiler. punipß, pulleys, nhaftlng. laundry
nichy, dynamos, 2d hand. White. 516 Mission
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Man 533 Sacramento.
•PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
CopersiooC oper$i00- Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
t m POOL house mover, dealer second-hand
bulldlngrnkterlal. 1124 Mission: tel. South 787.
« jj-tts Bargains in new and second hand; all
S ."it.." haff original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
TrTTOMATIC Domestic, Singer ■ and White
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
'*■> MONTHLY rented; repaired, bought, sold;
M H ulnli'a nt 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
All/ kinds boußht, cold, exchanged, rented:
Repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
""typewriters. •-.■;
ail tDewrlters ■ sold and rented: few partly
fErsale cheap; send for samples and
. & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
I~HAMMOND $25: Callgraph, $15: Ycst. $23;
A g" sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery at.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
",/.»' HOUSES TO LET. '
BUENA VISTA aye.. 449. Ashbury Heights-
House, 12 rooms; elegant grounds. -^
HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath; large -ard; rent $15.
Apply 626 Eddy st. » i
PERRY, 208, near Fourth— rooms and yard; |
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB- i
SEN & CO. ■ »
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Mont-
gomery at. - ■
FURNISHED HOUSES TO J^_
HOUSE of 6 rooms, stable and chicken houses;
low rent; water free. 521 Thirtieth Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— sl2 :.n; COZY 5 rooms, bath; yard; newly
painted. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 60.
Market st. —
FOLSOM. Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20. ■
$11 60— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 46S
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna stg.
$7— COTTAGE, 4 nice rooms; off Cortland aye.
Apply 360 Jessie st. _____—_._—
FLATS TO LET.
A— BRAND new flats, 5 rooms, porcelain bath,
etc.. $20. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st. ___
APPRECIATED if seen: $20; water free: north-
west corner Erie and Howard, nr.-13th; 7 Dig
rooms and porch; flooded with sunshine.
A— SUNNY modern bay-window flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent $16. 215S Mission, north of lstn.
DYKEMAN place, off Mason st., near O'Far-
rell— Nice flats, 4 rooms, $15; downtown.
FLAT of 5 rooms. 230% Lang-ton st. ; rent
cheap. ' '
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath, with stable. 132
Henry St., near Noe.
GEARY 1917— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
2 beds-; 2 stoves; gas, coal; all necessaries.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1133. near Webster—
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
HAIGHT, 1757, near Park— Sunny modern flat,
6 rooms; bath; cheap.
HAVES, 339- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
JANE place, 3. off Pine, near Mason— A sunny
upper flat of 5 rooms, $15. .
LLOYD, 25 A and 258, between Scott and De-
visadero— Two flats; $15 and $19. Apply 800
Halght st.
MISSION— Modern flat, 6 rms. bath; washtubs;
water; $16 60. Burnham-Marsh, 20 Montgmy.
RENT reduce- to $12; 536 A Sixth, 2 flats, 6 rms.,
bath; 4 rooms; hall; mantel; large yard.
SCOTT, 2036, corner Sacramento— 7
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. :
SUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms and bath. 1012%
Thirteenth St., near Scott.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St., near Seventh; $15.
TO let— Rent reduced to $14; 5 rooms and bath:
1509% Howard. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3217. near Mission—
flat, 4 rooms; rent $12. ■
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOW ELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. _
$15— LOWER flat, 6 rooms; porcelain bath and
basement; $18; top .flat. 6 rooms; porcelain
bath and basement. 18 Cumberland St.. off
Guerrero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
$10— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third eta.
Apply 15 Grant aye.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 rooms, bath,
each 615% Grove st. and 1421 Hayes st. $15
each. _
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 245 Eighth— Sunny unfurnished rooms, $3
mo.; furnished, $6 mo. also housekpg cheap.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. 9th— 3 front rooms; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— 2 parlors with
kitchens, $12; per suite, all, $23.
CASTRO and Twentieth sts.— Pick your room
In the 3-story sunny house; cheap rent. See
ISAACS, 240 Montgomery st.
EDDY. 20T— Large front room complete for
housekeeping; bath and gas; respectable.
EDDY, 604— Nice furnished corner suite, with
kitchen.
EDDY. 817— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; 2d floor; splendid location.
FIFTH, Housekeeping Bonn; also corner
- room with 2 bed*; other»; *army. - -
FOLSOM, 1685—3 or 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms, with bath; parlor floor.
FOLSOM, 2S4S or 4 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas stove; cheap without children.
FRANKLIN, 7—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent $9.
GEARY. 610— Newly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms: gas range; also other rooms.
GEARY, 1917— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath; |
2 beds; 2 stoves; gas, coal; all necessaries.
GROVE, 32— Nice sunny front housekeeping
rooms; bath; yard; cheap.
HOWARD, Front rooms for housekeeping;
completely furnished; stove; running water.
HOWARD, 759 — 3 nice sunny rooms; ' house-
keeping or single; cheapest In town.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny suite
with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD 805%— Sunny furnished back and
front rooms; hot and cold water; $10 and $12.
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
JESSIE. 439, bet. sth and 6th— sunny connect-
ing rooms furnished complete for housekeep-
ing; modern; $14. ■
K_ARNY~~near Sutter— unfurnished front
rooms; gas free; cheap. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LAGUNA 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath, $7.
MINNA, 28r-Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; single and double; $1 75 per week.
MISSION 839— Large j front suite complete for
housekeeping; single rooms. $1 a week.
MISSION, 1125%— 2 large furnished front rooms
for housekeeping.
OAK 119—1 large gunny front room complete
for ' housekeeping, $8; also 1 unfurnished, $4.
PINE 1306—2 small sunny connecting rooms
for light housekeeping. $10; references.
SCOTLAND. 4, off Filbert, near Mason— 3 rooms
and kitchen; in rear; $7.
SHIPLEY, 261 — housekeeping rooms in good
order, $6; no children; no dogs. -  .
SIXTH 216%— Sunny front suite complete for
light 'hkp<-- also sunny kitchen; com.; reas.
SIXTH, 532%— sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping: large yard.
TAYLOR 238— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, yard; light housekeeping; good location.
TEHAMA 62. near Second— part of
house. 3 large rooms. $9; good order. .-,-;.■-■
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth st.-2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TWELFTH. Large sunny housekeeping-
room, with or without use of kitchen.
VAN NESS aye., 232, corner building—
renovated and completely furnished suites;
■ with gas range.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30 :
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want nd» taken.
~"~ ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
houVekpg. rmß.; wk. $1 to j. 50; day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House,. 127 Kearny -Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or single; flrst-clas»
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited: elev tr. TeL
BOHEMIA, 239 Post st.. 8 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable: sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
BUSH, 1124— Best and cheapest rooms in city;
bath, running water; $8 up. 1
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rim. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, Bunny pleasant rooms; Very rea-
sonable; also for housekeeping. ■■.-'.■: ■■■■■■■.
ELLIS. Sunny - alcove ! room, suitable for
two; also double : room; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 732— Nice Bunny rooms.
FOLSOM, 776%— Tw0 nicely furnished rooms to
let cheap. ■'.-.-.- '.'■:. . ' :
FULTON, 430 — Large sunny, front and back
parlors; single or double; very cheap; private.
GEARY, 14A— Neatly-furnished pleasant rooms;
week or month; $6 to $10 per month.
GEARY, Nicely furnished room; suitable
for 2 gentlemen; also single room. $10.
GEARY. 402— Just ': opened: i carpets , and . furni-
ture new: sunny, front furnished "and unfur-
S nished rooms; reasonable; .offices first floor. :
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; smites or single.. MRS. H. HYER. ■
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny. front room suites;
- double, single; privilege light housekeeping. ■-...
GLOBK House,' fll' Howard— Per night. 25c to
. $1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
ROOMS TO Continued.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single: -elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, Part of a sunny flat; 2, 3 or 5
: rooms; unfurnished; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The, 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and — Elegant
suites and sing), rms.; trasient. Mrs. J. King.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite 2 unfurnished
rooms; lIP.
LANGTON, 230%— Flat of 3 furnished rooms.
LITTLE PALACE, 23 and 23 Third— Sunny
white rooms; white gaslights; $2 to $3 a week.
MARKET, 1007%— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reaß. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, . Prop.
MINNA, 439, between Fifth and Sixth— Sunny
furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 952— Large sunny rooms reasonable.
'
MISSION, 1620— Furnlehed rooms.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PAGE, 802, corner Pierce — Sunny corner rooms;
gas; bath; running water; private family;
reasonable.
POST, 909 — Newly furnished single and double
rooms; sunny; gas, bath; quiet neighborhood.
POST, 910— front rooms; running water; closet;
$6 60, $8 50; gentlemen; private flat.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Large sunny front room suitable
for business.
SUTTER, 426, near Powell— Unfurnished or fur-
nished room. .:
SUTTER. 1111— Nicely furnished rooms, single
or en suite; very reasonable; also housekpg.
TAYLOR, 1100— Elegantly furnished suite for 1
or 2 gentlemen; single rooms.
TENTH, 148 — 1 or 2 . large, sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping or single; private.
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains.
THIRD, 255 A —Nice sunny rooms, single and
double; cheap.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market at.. opp.Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, — Furnished room suitable for gentle-
man, $5 per month.
TURK, 182 — Nicely furnished rooms; transient |
accommodated; reasonable.
TURK, — Newly furnished back parlor; largo
closet, gas. bath; $8 per month. : ~.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3388— Sunny furnished room,
bath, $5; meals next door.
VAN NESS aye., B— Handsome sunny bay-
window alcove; private residence; modern
conveniences; terms low.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^B^TSFORDTThe^^
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
EDDY, 500— Nicely furnished room; running
water; suitable for 2; good board.
HOWARD, 2606, near Twenty-second — Large
sunny room with board: large closet and
grate; also unusually sunny room; board; rea.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable. :
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for 2 gentle- j
men home cooking; parlor, piano; $22 50 each.
SUNNY corner suite; also another room; rent
reasonable. 1603 Sacramento st., cor. Larkin.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3392, corner Guerrero— Pri-
vate boarding-house; sunny rooms, newly
furnished.
VAN NESS aye.— Private family With elegantly
furnished home, having unoccupied rooms,
will accommodate a select few; no children;
board excellent; conveniences exceptional;
location choice: references required. Excel-
lent, box 1324. Call. - .
VAN NESS, • Elegant mrrmy-parlors with j
. or without board; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
— — — - — mmmmmm -—_— ____ _— — — — j
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN widow would like few children to \
board; good home. 37 Dewolf st., station L.
STORES TO LET.
BAKERY and 3 living rooms; large basement I
and oven; rent $20, formerly $40. HOOKER & '
LENT. 14 Poßt ; j
CORNER store and basement, suitable for gro- j
eery, and 4 rooms if required. 940 Oak st.
COR. store. 2822 Mission; 7 yrs. as saloon;
. cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; fixt-
ures for saloon. Apply 2838 Mission st.
RENT reduced; 638 Sixth St.; store. 3 rooms; I
large yard: rear entrance; rent $10. |
LARGE store with living rooms and stable; I
No. 1 grocery and bar; low rent. $20. NW. j
corner of Douglass and Elizabeth sts. !
_ , , . j
OFFICES TO LET.
£MMA~BPR_CKELS buildtng,"s27 Market stT;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 SO
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy,, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; .no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st.; pills, $1; very strong, • $2.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay: home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all • female diseases; posi-
t ively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $160 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
tpecial diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no : medi-
cine or instruments used: consultation free;
eaves disgrace: pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny at.
A TREATMENT that' restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential; hours, 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal._
MRS. ACKARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
horn" In rnnflnement ISfi Second St. :
_ "legal notices. ~
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California. Depart-
ment No. 7. ALBERT JAMES RICE,
plaintiff, vs. LUELLA MATILDA RICE, de-
fendant. : No. 65,884. Action brought : in the
Superior Court. City and County of San Fran- j
cisco State of California, and the complaint I
filed 'in said City and County jof San Fran- |
cisco in the office of the Clerk of said Super- i
ior Court. The people of the State of Cali- i
fornia send greeting to LUELLA MATILDA 1
RICE, defendant. You are hereby required j
to appear in an action brought against you by
the above named plaintiff in the. Superior
■ Court,. City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, : and to answer the com-
plaint filed therein . within ten days (ex-
clusive of the day of service) after the service
on you of this summons, if served within this !
county or. if served elsewhere, within thirty
days.. The said action Is brought to obtain
a -judgment and decree of this court dissolv-
ing the bonds of matrimony now existing be-
tween plaintiff and •■ defendant, upon -the
' ground of defendant's willful desertion, also
= or general relief, as will more fully appear
in the complaint on file, to which special
reference Is hereby made. All of which .will
' more fully appear In the complaint on file
herein to which you are hereby referred. And
you are hereby notified . that if , you fall to
appear and answer : the ?, said complaint, ■': as
above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my i hand and seal of said Su- !
perior Court at the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this lath day I
of October, / in the year of our. Lord, one ■
-thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. '
[Seal] C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON, Deputy Clerk., - -
. v PERSONAL*. . . :.\
MAGNETISM is i the life of the physical; It
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
ease that is curable; Instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth-
marks and their prevention; - the power of
thought and its effects; philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. "W.
BROWN, magnetic healer, 1362 Grov» St..
Oakland. '
DRUMMERS'- samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;-
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
THERE is plenty of room at LEDERER'S
Hair Dressing Establishment, no crowding;
22 artists to dress your hair in the most cor-
rect form, any style costs 25c only.
LEDERER'S Quinonia is the best Hair Tonic,
should be used as dally hair wash, 35c bot-
tle. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth at., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, • cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt., opp. Emporium.
GO to S3SA Howard st. to have your old dresses
made new.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., rms. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil _ second sight; diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 60c;
gents $1; palm & clalr.; sit $150. 126 Turk.
WONG GONG, fortune teller, will call upon
those who want his services. Address 615^4
Dupont St., room 19.
GO to Mme. Keal to know your future; best on
earth. 835 A Howard St.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. . BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller. has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from |
what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and aatrologist; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. ; has
removed from 34 to 28 Sixth st., room 3.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8. 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate ana approve this method; irices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some gocd pianos for $3. $4 and ,
$5 rer month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. I
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter '
.Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, |
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and i
ail ether musical instruments of all grades I
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- j
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR $2. we will sell you the finest piano ever
offered in this city; guaranteed for 10 years;
our own make; our own building; terms to
cult the smallest pocket. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Company, 560 Hayes st.
BENJ. CTJRTAZ SON. sole agents for Chlck-
ering, Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st. j
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best in quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 769 Market St.
PIANO for sale cheap. Thirteenth st. and
Elgin Park.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
$60— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sale on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$90 — Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmlt*,
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
AN elegant Stelnway,' upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 "an Ness aye.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNQ, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights, $73 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new : yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR zithers, old and new. H.
MVTT.FR. maker, repairer. " Latham place.
________
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector, 404 Safe De-
posit building, San Francisco. Cal., until 12
o'clock m., November 2S, 1898, and then open-
ed, for constructing and installing on board
the lighthouse tender Madrono at San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. two return tubular. boilers of the
■ Scotch type. The said boilers to be com-
pleted and installed, within four calendar
months from date of approval of the contract
by the Secretary of the Treasury. Each pro-
posal must be accompanied by a certified
check payable to the order of the Secretary
of the Treasury in the sum of $1500. The cer-
tified check of the successful bidder will be
retained until the execution of a formal bond |
or contract, and the approval of the same i
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
certified check of the unsuccessful, bidders
will be returned immediately after the pro-,
posal of the successful bidder has been ac-
cepted. Forms of proposals, plans and speci-
fications can be had or seen upon application
to GEORGE W. COFFIN. Captain U. S. N.
PROPOSALS to Furnish One Fourth-Class La
France and Two Third-Class American Fire
Engines and One Hook and Ladder Truck
With 80-G«.llon Chemical Tank Attached, for
Use of the Fire Department.
'■. Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, October 25, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution " No. 1787
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY "AFTERNOON. October 31 1898 *
from 2:30 to 3 -o'clock, for furnishing one
fourth-class La France fire engine and two
third-class American fire engines and one
. hook and ladder truck, with SO-gallon chem-
ical tank attached, for the use of the Fire
Department. Said fire engines and hook and
ladder truck to be approved by the Board of
Fire Commissioners, the Chief Engineer of
the Fire Department and the Committee on
Fire Department of the Board of Supervisors
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate and state a
price for each fire engine of each class; also
the price for which the hook and ladder
truck., with SO-gallon chemical tank attached
will be furnished and delivered, In perfect
working order and ready for use.
The party or parties to whom a contract Is
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the contract, to pay
the cost or a portion of the cost of advertis-
ing this notice In three dally newspapers. f -
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award the Board has resolved
to receive no bids unless made upon blank
forms prepared by the committee, and a cer-
tified check on some bank In the City and
County of San Francisco for th» sum of one
thousand (slooo> dollars, deposited by the bid-
der with hi? bid and made payable to the
Clerk of the Board- of Supervisors, conditioned
If the proposal be accented and the contract*
awarded, ana If the bidder shall fail or neg-
lect to pay the printing, charges, execute the
contract and give the required bond within
nix days after the award is made, . then and
in that case the said "urn sh.il! be paid into
the City and County Treasury by said Clerk
as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect furnished by the Clerk.
Blink's furnished by the Clerk.
' " The 'Board reserves the right to reject all
hlrti if the public rroort go require. _
X SO A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
H. C. FARQI'HARSON. Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplies— New
Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal., October
27 1888. . Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
28 1898 and then opened, for furnishing one
tug boat. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, \
conditions of price and quality. . being • equal
(including In the price of foreign productions ■
the duty thereon), and such preference given .
to articles of American production and manu-
facture produced on the Pacific Coast to ■ the
extent of the .consumption required , by the
public service there. -> The ■ United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any ;or
all proposals or any part thereof. Proposals
•for delivery :at other points will vbe enter-
tained. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes will be in-
dorsed '/Proposals for Tug Boat, No. 5096,"
I and addressed to LIEUTENANT' COLONEL'
' OSCAR F. LONG. United*. States Volunteers,
Depot Quartermaster.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$1950—15 ELIZABETH St.. 71 feet east of Guer-
rero; 2-story bay-window residence. consist-
Ing of 6 rooms and bath; positive bargain:
inspect to-day; we are selling the house and
giving the lot away; terms to suit. F. A.
McNALLY & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
BERKELEY cottage home. 5 rooms, bath, com-
plete; new; large lot; easy terms. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market st., San Francisco.
MUST b# sold— One of the best corners on
Dolores st. : suitable for bakery or grocery
store; lot 33x90; there la a new residence of
7 rooms and bath on rear of lot. Apply to 232
Liberty St.. near Dolores.
J2500— 5-ROOM and bath cottage. 1606 Castro St..
between 25th and 26th; $560 cash, balance $2o
monthly, houses built to suit purchasers on
20th st., near Castro. F. NELSON, builder,
414S Twenty-fifth st. ____—
POINTRY REAL. ESTATE.
AT $2 75 per acre; 6962 acres; stock ranch. So- f)
noma County; 90 miles from this city. 9 miles H
from railroad; watered by never-failing U
streams: fenced: good roads; easy terms. J. U
T. PETERS. 11 Montgomery st. |
WANTED to rent— so to 100 acres wltMn 30 0
miles of San Francisco. Address, stating I
terms, B. GILMORE, 1451 San Bruno aye., H
San Francisco.
AN improved sn-vara lot; beautifully located:
sunny corner; price $24,000; $12,000 can remain
on interest. Box 526, Call.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
REDWOOD road property, 100x190. with good 4-
room house, modern, for Oakland, Alameda,
Berkeley or S. F. lots or improved prop. ; will
assume small mortgage. 1665 24th aye. ; by let-
ter. P. P.. 1606 23d aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
25 ROOMS, all furnished; sell $350; giva month's
rent free if buy the furniture. E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway, Oakland.
DO you want a home very cheap? Look! ! !
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth st., Oak-
land, for $2650; a 9-room house, with stable
and 50-foot lot; 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; $SOO cash: balance mortgage on prem-
ises; time to suit; belongs to a non-resident;
keys at 368 East Seventeenth st. R. P.
SAKE.
FOR sale in Oakland — New house, 7 rooma and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
Jot 40x125: fine neighborhood; 8 minutes from
railroad station; 80 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON A
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dartt
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL, loot
Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4; also single. 1453-68 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good «nd cheap. H. SCHELI-
HAA3' eld ftore. 4<M F,lpv*nth «t S»« ht*->
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
51400 — TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
BCfaO !.
11000— Snap; lot 60x150; house of i rooms; 2
blocks from Morton st. station.
$SSoo— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 43x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye.: lot 60x907. See
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOBEAJL. & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company. Installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st..
Alamela. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HERE Is a snap; house of 5 rooms; lot 40x135;
only lVi blocks from electric car; within 5
blocks of Dwight Station; price only i~:*0.
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 (enter st., Berkeley.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market:
pricee reduced; on San Pablo aye.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT,
220 Sansome st., 8. F.
LOVELY place In the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms; lot 100x135; only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do not
borrow cf your friends or you will lose their
frlendsnip; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10. tO6 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick: confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st,
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rra. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C 36 Market st.
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-5" Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 4"2 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. CEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
MARRIAGE LICUNSUS.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Robert S. Caseidy and Kittle L. Whelan.. 23-23
J. Ohyancenr.el and Leoncie Derlaces 35-25
George W. Dolan and Rose A. Downes — 37-23
Peter Anthes Jr. and Florence Rhoades. . .".".-23
Max Bambie and Rosa Harris 55-48 I
John F. Crossley and Agnes A. Edgar 27-21
' BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DE PROSSE— In this city, October 26, IS9B, to
the wife of Victor de Prosse, a daughter.
HART— In this city, October 27, 1898, to the
wife of E. J. Hart, a son.
HANNA— In this city. October 28, IS9S, to the
wife of Frank Hanna, a son.
EGGBRT— In this city. October 26. USA, to the
wife of Thomas G. Eggert, a daughter.
MARRIED.
GEEP.DTS — WULBERN— In this city, October
26, IS9S, by the Rev. J. M. Buehier, William
Geerdts and Freda Wulbern.
YON ROSEN— JORGENSEN— In this city, Oc-
tober 27, 1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehier, Carl
yon Rosen and Emilie Jorgensen.
DIED.
Arata, Paul Mcßrlde. Michael J.
Atkinson. James McDonnell, Michael
Bambrlck, Mary Mathewron Elizabeth
Burke, Mary A. Mohlenfeldt, T. J.
Curry. Llllie A. Murphy. John R.
Doherty. Mary Oyen. John A.
Ellis. Mary Paulson, Johanna
Furlong, Joseph Porter, Isabella
Gleason. Clara Prior, Mrs. C.
Hart, Barnard Ross, Joseph
Haver, Harold Stacey, Henry
Hogan, Mary Tanaka, Kunitaro
Irwta, James Tanchen. Ernestine
Kunath. Erwln Vogel, John
Lewis. Theresa Weinxopflen, Mary
Lindemann, Frits
ARATA— In this city, Paul Arata, aged 30
years.
ATKINSON— In Napa, October 28, 1898, at the
residence of his son George, James Atkinson,
aged G8 years 10 months, and 6 days.
BAMBRICK— In Oakland, October 27, 1893,
i
Mary, wife of the late John Bambrick. and
beloved sister* of Margaret Leonard, a na-
tive of County Cavan, Ireland. aged SO years.
(New York papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her brother-in-law,' John Leonard, 816 Thirty-
first street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
BURKE— In this city, October 27. 1898, Mary
A., relict of Colonel John Burke, and beloved
mother of Henry S.. Mary J. and the late
John ;E. Burke, a native of County Sligo,
Ireland, aged 62 years 4 months and 2 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 621 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be.
celebrated for the repose of her soul, 1 com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland, via the 11 o'clock creels
boat. ■%_
CURRY— In this city, October 28. 189S, Lillie \
I Alice,' beloved wife of C. F. Curry, mother
of Florence. A. and C. F. Curry Jr., daughter ( •
of Mrs. S. A. Hutchinson, and sister of Flor- '
ence E. Siperly. a native of California.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Westminster Presbyterian Church, corner of
k Page and Webster streets. Interment pri- j
\yate. ■ '.*;'*: '" S
DoSERTY— In -the City and County Hospital,
October 2S, IS9B. Mary Doherty. a native or
Ireland, aged 50. years.
ELLIS— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 28. 1898, Mary Ellis, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 32 years.
FURLONG— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
cf Joseph Furlong at St. Dominic's Church.
corner Bush and Steiner streets, this day
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock.
GLEASON— In this city. October 2T 1838. Clara,
beloved daughter of P. F. and the late Cath-
erine C. Gleaaon, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years and 22 days.
ICy-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her father, 3075 Twenty-fifth street, corner
of Harrison. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HART— In this city, October 27, 1898. Barnard,
infant son of Edwin and Clara Hart.
HAVER— In this city, Harold, beloved son of
Emllie and -P. J. Haver, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 3651 Twenty-fourth street,
near Dolores. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
HOGAN— In this city. October 28. IS9S, Mary,
beloved wife of Patrick Hogan. and sister
of Ann'.e Maher, a native of the town of
Tipperary, Ireland, aged 55 -'ears.
IRWIN— In this city. October 28. IS9B, James,
husband of Martha Irwin. and father of
James B. and Sarah Irwin, a native of Ire-
land, aged 44 years 5 months and 25 days.
KUNATH— In this city, October 27, 1838, Erwln
Kunath, beloved brother of Mrs. Carl Alfs.
Osvin. Arno and Paul Kunath and Mrs. Hans
Hammerbacker. a native of Germany, aged
2& years 8 months and 9 days.
(£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law. Carl Alfs. 406
Oak street, near Lasruna. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
LEWIS— In this city, October 27. 1898, Theresa,
beloved wife of Harry J. Lewis, and sister
of Lottie and Delia Dwyer, Mrs. McMahon
and Mrs. William Dinan, a native ; of San
Francisco, aged 23 year.-. %
C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1769 Stockton street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LINDEMANN— In this city, October 27, 1898,
Fritz Lindemann. dearly beloved brother of
John Lindemann. and cousin of Claus Linde-
mann and Mrs. Valentine Balz, a native of
Barmstedt, Holsteln, Germany, aged 47 years
2 months and 4 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence of
his cousin. Claus Lin>lemann, 222 Twenty-
ninth street, between Church and Dolores.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
McBRIDE-In this city, October 28, 1898, Mich-
ael Joseph, beloved husband of Ellen Mc-
Brlde, and father of Matthew. Lizzie; Elsie.
Michael and Louisa Me Bride. Mrs. W. S.
Lewis and Mrs/ O. Walton, a native of
County Roscommon. Ireland, aged 51 years
and 10 months. (Virginia City, Nev., and
New York papers please copy.) _
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrov
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 39 Rlngold street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . - . . . '-
McDONNEEL^In this city." October 2S, 1898, at
his residence, 2636^4 Sutter street. Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Kate McDonnell,
and brother-in-law of Mrs. T. Brady and
Mrs. T. O'Connor, a native of County Ros-
common, Ireland, aged 55 years.
A. O H., DIVISION NO. 2— Officers and mem-
bers of this division are hereby notified to
meet at Hibernia Hall. . 120 Ninth, street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 9 o'clock sharp, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Michael
McDonnell. By -de^^ "
HARTLEY LEE, Pres.
T. L. CLANCY, Rec. S«c. . ■ " v.-jj '.;
MATHEWSON-^ln this city, October 26, 1898,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Frank Mathew-
son. and mother of William and j Frank
Mathewson, a native of Pawtucket, R. 1.,
aged 36 years. ' ,
t?"Frlends and acquaintances and members
of Mizpah Circle No. 100. C. of •F. of A.,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-moirow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence, 614 Eighteenth street, near
Kentucky. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
MOHLENFELDT— In Santa Clara, October 27, .
IS9B, Thpodor J., beloved husband of ; Mary
Mohlenfeldt, a native of Svenburg, Denmark,
aged 37 years and 21 days. "
C7"Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of H.
P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street. In-
terment private. Masonic Cemetery. .
MURPHY— In this city, October 26. 1898, John
R Murphy, father of John R. and Pierce J.
Murphy, a native of Beechmount, County
Tiprerary, Ireland, aged 72 years.
[CirFrlend'? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Me \voy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eic'ith* and Ninth, thence to St. Peter's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
OVEN— In this city. October 26. 1598, John A.,
beloved son of. Augusta F. and the late Soren
C Oyen, brother of Christian G. Oyen, Mrs.
R H Salomon. Mrs. John A. Johnson and
Josephine, Emily M. and Nettie M. Oyen, a
native of California, aged 24 years 7 months
C^Funeral services will be held this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of
HP Petersen & Co.. 22S McAllister street.
Interment private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PAULSON— In this city. October 2S, M9S. Jo-
hanna Paulson, a native of Sweden, ag-ed 44
years.
Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PORTER— In Oakland. October 28, 1898. Isa-
bella Porter, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Elizabeth C. Rathborn, Findlay Campbell and
Mrs. Allina Hoffman, a native of Scotland.
alc»'Funeraa 1c»'Funeral 'services will be held this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence 942 Wood street, Oakland. Interment
Byron, Contra Costa County.
PRIOR— At Colma station, San Mateo County.
October 2S, 1899, Mrs. Catherine, relict of the.
late Charles Prior, sister of Cornelius Guinee.
and aunt of Henry Smith, a native of KU-
brin County Cork. Ireland, aged .74 years.
ROSS— In this city. October 27. - IS9B, Joseph
Ross father of Mrs. O. G. Hallett and Mrs.
H P Frear, aged 78 years.'. .- .- v-
ir^Funeral services will be held this day
(Saturday) at 10 o'clock, at the residence of
H # p. Frear, 127 De Long avenue. Interment'
private.
STACEY— In this city, October 27. 1898, Henry,
beloved husband of Mrs. E. M. Stacey, and
father of Charles D. Stacey, a native of Eng-
land aged 53 years. -
(C7Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 11
o'clock from the mortuary chapel ■of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
Hion street, near Twenty-first. - Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. .. . ... -. '
TANAKA — In the City and County Hospital,
October 28. 1898, Kunitaro Tanaka, . a natlva
of Japan, aged 51 years. ,..■
TANCHEN— In Rogasen. Prussia, Germany,
October 6, 1898. Ernestine, beloved ; wife of
Abraham Lewin Tanchen, , and mother of j
Teoiil. Jacob, : Baer, Max and Morltz Tan-
chen and Therese Blumenthal, aged 75 years.
VOGEL— In this city, October 26, 1898, John,
beloved husband of Caroline Vojrel, and
brother of Mrs. Margarethe Sagou. a native
of Bavaria. Germany; aged 53 years 3 months
and 23 days. ' . .
CC7" Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from , his late resi-
dence ISI9 Mason street, between Union and
Filbert,. thence to Elntracht, Hall. 237 Twelfth
street 'near Folsom, where the funeral serv-
ices will be held under the ausDices of
Verein Elntracht at 2 o'clock, thence to I. O.
O F." Cemetery for cremation. . • .• .
WEINZOPFLEN— In this city, October 28, 1898.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of Benjamin
Welnzopflen, and mother of Alice. Henry and
Louis Klein, a native of Alsace, Germany,
aged 28 years and 3 months.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. ' ' 1,;
rtINERAL DIRECTORS A EMBAI*iIEH3I ;
10 FITTH BT., epp; Llnaola 3oli»»l. f |
_ Telephone. Bouth_j<t_l_i_l2_— _.— iL_
Undertaker and Embalmor.
Everything Requisite for FMrsi-Class Funerals ,
.; .f" : , at Reasonable "Rates.* >i- *•*-■■•: I
Telephone South 273. 917 Mission Street.
k
1314
CHARGED WITH
THE MURDER OE
HER SISTER
Aged Mrs. McLaugh
lin Under Arrest.
RESULT OF A QUARREL
MISS MARY DOUGHERTY KILLED
WITH A BILLET OF WOOD.
A Roomer in the House Named How
ard Also Locked Up on
Suspicion of
Guilt.
Miss Man' Dougherty, 67 years old, died
at the City and County Hospital yester
day morning it is supposed from the ef
fects of a beating administered in a
drunken' row by her sister, Mrs. Grace
McLaughlin. aged 63 years. She made a
statement to the effect that her sister had
beaten her on the head with a billet of
wood. Autopsy Surgeon Gallagher exam
ined the body of the dead woman at the
Morgue and found that death had been
caused by the blows on the head.
Mr*. McLaughlin, who Is accused of f
having caused her sister's death, visited j
the Morgue last night and anxiously in- j
quired if she could see the body. Deputy i
Coroner Tyrrell at once suspected that \
ehe was the dead woman's sister and pro
ceeded to question her. After satisfying
himself that she was the woman for
whom the police were looking. Tyrrell
sent for Police Officer Brodt, and he took j
her into custody.
At the City Prison the woman said that
instead of inflicting fatal injuries on her
sipter. her sister almost made a subject
for the Coroner out of her. Her appear
ance substantiated her statement as far
as the beating was concerned. Both of
her eyes were blackened, her lips were
swollen and her nose was fractured.
"It is untrue that I caused my sister's
Mrs. Grace McLaughlin, Who Is
Accused of Murdering Her
Sister.
death," she tearfully remarked. "Some
time ago she engaged me to take care of
the rooms in her house. We always got
along well together until this man How
ard appeared on • the scene. For. some
reason he took an aversion to me, and in
every way tried to separate us. The day
my sister was so terribly beaten Howard
saw me going upstairs, and- in a loud
voice he declared that I was trying to
defraud her out of her property. A few
minutes later my sister accosted me and
after calling me several vile names she
struck me several" times with the cane
she always carried.. She continued to beat
me until I ran from the room and sought
refuge In my. own apartments.
"I am inclined to believe that Howard
Inflicted the injuries which caused my
poor sister's death. He seemed anxious
to get possession of the house. He has
made several overtures in that direction.
I swear I did not strike my sister, and
God knows I am telling the truth.
"Howard, in order to save himself, ha
told the police that I am my sister's mur
flerer, and they have seen fit to arrest
me."
Soon after Mrs. Mclaughlin was locked
up Detectives Reynolds and Dlnan ar
rested Howard. He was attending a po
iitical meeting, but hearing that the police
were after him he returned to the nous
and gave himself up to Reynolds and Di
nan, who were waiting for him.
He was immediately taken to the City
Prison and his name registered on the
"small" book. It is the intention of the
police to hold him pending further Inves
tigation. Howard emphatically denies
that he struck Miss Dougherty.
."It is true I roomed in her house," he
»aid when telling his story, "and knew
tier to be an honorable woman. At times
she would drink* too much, and when In
that condition she was Inclined to be
tigiy.
on the day her sister says she beat her
[ heard a row in the kitchen and went to
lee what the trouble was. Miss Dougherty
appeared in response to my knocking on
the door and started to limp across the
hallway. I asked her what the trouble
was. when she Informed me she was suf
fering from a blow on the head. As her
;ondition became worse I hired a carriage
and took her to the City and County Hos
pital.
"I did not know she was dead until a
friend told me."
Howard admitted he hau bought the
furniture in the house from Miss Dough
erty a few days before she received the
injuries which caused her death. He paid
her $95 for it. hut she did not have a cent
when searched at the hospital. The de
t.-. lives have been unable to get a trace I
pf the money, but tney are satisfied it was
Stolen after the unfortunate woman was
Injured.
Howard, Judging from his flippant re
marks, evidently regards his arrest as a |
huge joke. When he was escorted into the
prison he saw Mrs. McLaugnlin seated on
bench. Approaching the woman he :
askedher what she meant by saying he
was responsible, for her sister's death.
"I know enough about you." answered
Mrs. McLaughlin, "and I Intend to tell it
ill when the case is heard in court." I
Howard seemed to regard the remark
is a joke, and turning to the detectives
laughingly declared that the "old woman"
lid not know what she was speaking I
about.
DEAN CBOSS-EXAMINED.
Sounsel for the Defense Falls to
Shake His Testimony.
The cross-examination of A. H. Dean,
»r Frank Seaver, who turned State's cvi-
Sence against Becker and Creegan, the
Nevada Bank forgers, occupied the en>
lire morning session of Judge Wallace's
court yesterday. The witness adhered
rigidly to his first story. When the cross
»xamination was completed he was again
tuestioned on redirect examination and
k. few facts overlooked at first were
brought to the attention of the Jury.
When Dean left the stand many wit
aesses were called to identify Dean and
;he prisoners and state in what locality
;hey saw them on certain dates. Among
!he witnesses who saw the accused forg
ers In the interior of the State during
[he months of November and December,
!895. shortly prior to the time the bank
fc-as swindled, are C. F. Thomas, C. L.
Richmond, W. B. Cahoone, D. E. Halsey,
5. A- Brown, Q. E. Harrison, Miss Lizzie
NEW MILITARY HOSPITAL FOR THE PRESIDIO.
It Is to Cost $170,000 and Be Equipped With All the Most Modern Appliances.
THE new general military hospital to
be erected at the Presidio by the
Government is to be one of the most
perfect institutions of its kind in the
country. It is to cost Uncle Sam $170,000,
but only half of this amount is to be ex
pended at present. Colonel Middleton,
the chief surgeon of the department, has
had the matter in charge and he has
given it his closest and most careful at
Morrison. Albert Karlson and J. Bedford.
Next Monday when the trial is again
taken up the testimony of each witness
will be used as a basis upon which to
support the allegations and contentions
of the prosecution which tend to substan
tiate the story of the swindle as given
by Dean upon the witness stand.
SCHOOL BUILDING FRAUDS.
The Cases Against School Director
Burns and Others Dismissed
in the Police Court.
The cases of School Director Burns,
John J. O'Brien. Inspector of School
Buildings, Contractor Swift and George
i S. Graham, charged with a misdemeanor
in fraudulently obtaining money from the
city, were called in Judge Low's court
yesterday afternoon.
Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds moved
| for the dismissal of the case against Gra
ham on the ground that there was no evi
dence against him, and for the dismissal
of the other three cases on the ground
that they had no business being in the Po
lice Court. The Judge at once ordered
the cases dismissed.
Burns. O'Brien and Swift have a felony
charge yet to answer before the Superior
Court in connection with the same mat
ter.
■ ♦ ■
Mounted Sword Contest.
There will be a mounted broad sword
contest to-morrow at Glen Park
between Captain J. L. Waller
of the National Guard and Ser
geant G. W. Moffat of the regular
army. Sergeant Moffat and Captain
Waller are probably the most scienti
fic broad sword fighters in the coun
try, and their contest on Sunday should
prove exceedingly interesting.
There will also be a vaudeville per
formance consisting of triple horizontal
bars, trapeze, tumbling and grouping,
feats of strength, conjuring by Henry,
the Canadian magician; concert by the
Glen Park band, cornet solo and other
attractions.
In addition to the foregoing there
will be a balloon ascension and para
chute jump by Professor Hopal, the
celebrated aeronaut.
Annie A. Bond's Answer.
Mrs. Annie A. Bond filed her answer
yesterday to the suit recently instituted
by her husband. Dr. F. T. Band, for di
vorce. Mrs. Bond denies her husband's
allegations of cruelty one and all. and in
a cross complaint charges her husband
with having abused her in a manner even
more cruel than he alleges she abused
him. In consequence she asks that he
be denied a divorce and that the decree
be entered in her favor, together with
alimony In the sum of $100 a month.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
In the Divorce Courts.
Georgo W. Reid has been granted a
divorce from Mary A. Reid on the ground
of desertion. Decrees of divorce on the
ground of failure to provide have been
granted Elizabeth Gallagher from Cor
mack Gallagher, and Augusta Joakimson
fmm Frank Joakimson. Elizabeth Burr
has sued John Burr for a divorce, alleg
ing failure to provide. Hugh B. B. Chap
man asks for a divorce from Annie E. A.
Chapman on the ground of cruelty.
■■ m ■
Awarded to Mrs. Alexander.
Judge Dunne made an order yesterday
awarding the custody of Cecilia Church
to her mother, Mrs. Alice Alexander. 'I/he
child's father, George H. Church, a Fres
no merchant, petitioned the court for her
custody, but as she objected strenuously
to leaving her mother Church appeared in
court yesterday and withdrew his peti
tion.
. ♦ .
JILICE R.IK writes about
Tl^e Democratic Candidates
LOEXTSUNDJiysCJILL.
Nevills Whitewashed.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday re
ported to United States District Judge
Hawley that they had ignored the charge
against Capitalist W. A. Nevills of Fres
no of writing letters so obscene that they
could not be printed. The case was so
filthy that the preliminary examination
was held with closed doors — even members
of the press being excluded.
■ m ■ —
Secretary of Agricultuie Wilson
writes about
The Coming Wheat Crop,
in next Sunday's Call.
CYCLERS AND HORSEMEN CELEBRTE
THE REPAVING OF MARKET STREET
Ji Glittering Pageant of Wheels and Showy Traps Will Be
on View in To-Jiights Parade— T^e Route,
THE demonstration to-night under
the auspices of the California As
sociated Cycling Clubs to celebrata
he repairing of Market street has as
sumed unexpected proportions. The
,-arious organizations interested in the
novement have bent all their energies
o making it a success and have appar
ently done so.
The wheelmen Inaugurated the cru
sade which finally resulted in the re
javing of the city's great thorough
'are. They were accorded the support
)f the Merchants' Association and
nany influential bodies, so it was ht
ing the Riding and Driving Associa
ion and the teamsters should join in
:o-night's celebration.
Those in charge of the parade know
hat its success as a pageant depends
ilmost entirely upon the ability of the
jollce to keep the street from obstruc
tions. This has been impressed upon
the heads of the Police Department.
a.nd the patrolmen will be ready to
meet any emergency. Wheelmen and
Dthers are assured of their protection,
both for themselves and for their
wheels. The following letter indicates
how perfect are the details for the
handling of the crowds of spectators:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 28, 1898.
Charles Albert Adams Esq., President
3ood Roads Parade, room 205, Examiner
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1898.
tention. He selected the ground with
great care, after having examined many
Bites. The plans were drawn by W. H.
Wilcox, an architect of long and varied
experience. He has made a specialty of
hospital construction. The picture of
the hospital published in The Call this
morning shows the perspective view of
the building as seen from the Presidio
terminus of the Unlon-stree^ car line.
WOLF US GONE
AND HIS VAULT
FOUND EMPTY
Light on a Sudden
Disappearance.
THE EXECUTOR IS MISSING
PEAKSON ESTATE WILL LOSE
ABOUT $10,000.
Heirs Suspected They Had Been
Bobbed and the Suspicion Has
Now Become a
Certainty.
The vault in the First National Bank
used by John Wolf of the Wolf-Wreden
Company, t who so mysteriously disap
peared about two months ago. was opened
yesterday, and the dust of many weeks
was found in the place where the securi
ties and money belonging to the estate of
Sarah M. Pearson should be. The wise
men and heirs of the Pearson estate then
nodded their heads and said. "This ac
counts for the disappearance of the once
trusted Wolf."
One morning, about two months ago,
Wolf failed to put in an appearance at
his office. Neither was he seen around
accustomed haunts. Nothing was thought
of the matter, however, his associates and
friends being of the opinion that he was
indisposed or had left the city on a busi
ness trip. The days passed, and then
weeks, still no word from the missing
man. Suspicions of foul play then occu
pied the minds of his friend?, but they
were dispelled when word reached this
city that he had been seen, in Oregon and
later was recognized on the streets of
Chicago. The heirs of the Pearson estate,
of which Wolf was executor, then thought
it about time to commence investigations.
Application was made to Judge Troutt
for permission to open the vault, but as
a contest was entered by the bank the
order was denied. The bank wanted to
give Wolf more time within which to put
in an appearance. As he did not come
back within an agreed time, however, the
order was issued by the court, and yes
terday the vault was opened in the pres
ence of the bank otiicials and Attorney
W. J. Tuska, who has been retained by
the heirs of the Pearson estate. Not a
document or cent of money was found,
and the suspicions of the heirs were con
firmed.
Many non-negotiable instruments have
been taken, for what purpose is not
known, but in any event the estate is
short by reason of Wolf's disappearance,
it is said, about $10,000 in money and se
curities.
SAN FRANCISCO ELKS
HOLD LADIES' NIGHT
A BRILLIANT AUDIENCE AND A
FINE PROGRAMME.
Charming Entertainment in a Most
Tastefully Decorated Hall — Many-
Professionals Take Part.
N<ver was Elks' Hall more artistically
decorated than last night, on the occa
sion of the second of a series of "Ladies'
nights," given by San Francisco Lodge
No. 3, Benevolent Protective Order
of Elks, under the direction of the
social committee, of which H. S.
Manning, the exalted ruler, is chair
man, and Herman Kohn secretary.
There was a lavish display of patriotic
colors, of flowers and garlands of smilax
everywhere, the effect of the arrange
ment being enchanting. In the audience
there was a large number of ladies,
many of them well known in society. It
is the aim of this lodge to draw to its en
tertainments the best class of people, and
building;— Pear Sir: I am directed by the
Chief of Police. to acknowledge the receipt
of your lettter of the 26th inst. in reference
to detail of officers for Good Roads parade
on Saturday, October 29. 1893, at 8:30 p. m.
Orders have been sent to Captain Splllane
for a large detail of officers on • Market
street, from Sixth to Second.
Captain Wittman will send a strong de
tail on Van Ness and Golden ■ Gate ave
nues, also Stockton street and Union Square.
Captain Glllln will send mounted detach
ment in command of Corporal Shanahan to
report on Van Ness and Golden Gate ave
nues at 7:30 p. m. to head procession. Will
you kindly let me know to whom Corporal
Shanahan with mounted detail • will report
to at 7:30 p. m.?
Hoping parade ; will be a grand success,
yours very respectfully,
C. P. WRIGHT,
CWk to Chief of Police.
The order of the parade as arranged
by Grand Marshal Dr. Ira B. Dalziel
follows: .
FIRST DIVISION— Mounted police, under
Corporal Shanahan; band in carriage; Olym
pic Club Wheelmen; Acme Club Wheel
men; San Francisco Road Club; Imperial
Cycling Club; Pathfinders' Cycling -Club;
EnclnaT Cyclers; Garden City Wheelmen;.
Eames Tricycle Club; ' Emporium Rough
Riders; Amerlcus Club; unattached; officers
ot Cycle Board of Trade In carriages; mem
u>v.-j.-. w (tu^aumueat •■■ n.^.... -i.— .•
carriage used in making survey of State;
"ordinaries" and freak wheels and - motor
carriages; dog teams; band.
SECOND DIVISION — Walter Morocco's
eight-in-hand; ' Coaching Club; ■ Good Roads
League coach; old-time stage coach; Golden
Gate Park Driving Association; ladles and
gentlemen on horseback and vaqueros.
. THIRD DIVISION— Band in carriage; de
The various buildings will cover fourteen
acres. The main or central structure
shown In the picture is the administra
tion building. To either side are the
buildings for the male and female nurses.
The wards, ten in numher, run latitu
dinally in the rear of the nurses' build*,
ings. Each is separate, thus giving per
fect ventilation, and capable of accom
modating forty patients. The operating
room is in the rear of the administration
the gathering last night was an evidence
that it Is doing exceedingly well in that
direction.
There was a brief address of welcome
by the exalted ruler, who introduced
Colonel J. R. Howell as the chairman of
the evening, who in turn appointed
Thomas Dunn, the policeman, not to pre
serve order, as there was no occasion for
his services in that line, but to collect
fines imposed on the members. The pro
gramme was made up of numbers that
were of a high order and were well re
ceived. P. Marino favored with a violin
solo, Miss M. Ferri gave a recitation, as
also did Miss Cecil Haas; Miss Etta But
ler, Mrs. Carrie Dexter and Miss Clara
Atkins rendered vocal selections; Dr. W.
H. Seiberst amused with some of his spe
cialties, Mrs. S. A. Gunst gave selections
on the piano and the Press Club Quartet
added to the entertainment by vocal se
lections.
After the theaters the following named
professionals contributed to the enjoy
ment of the evening: Ernest Hastings,
Miss Gretchen Lyons. Messrs. Mathews
and Bulger, John Rice, Sallio Cohen, Mr.
and Mrs. E. M. Royle. Miss Mary Nor
man, Miss Irene Franklin. Leo Cooper,
Rhys Thomas, Miss Franks and others
from the Baldwin and the Alcazar. Each
lady who took part in the programme
was handed a silver plate in the shape of
a visiting card, on which was engraved
her name and the words, "With compli
ments of San Francisco Lodge, B. P.
O. E. 4>
During the evening there was served to
the guests a choice collation and light re
freshments. The affair was one of the
most pleasant that this enterprising lodge
has ever given.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure f?uaranfd. Dr.
Goruin, Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cal.
MRS. C. F. CURRY A
VICTIM OF PNEUMONIA
AFTER A FEW WEEKS' ILLNESS
DEATH BELIEVES HER.
Thursday She Was Cheerful and Full
of Hope, but a Complication
Arose Which Resulted
Fatally.
Death, for the third time in two years,
has again visited the home of Charles F.
Curry. Yesterday at noon his wife. Mrs.
Lilly Curry, passed away. A few weeks
ago she was stricken down with bron
chial pneumonia, but, notwithstanding
the seriousness of the nature of the dis
ease, but little apprehension as to the
outcome of the ailment occupied the
minds of her husband and children, as
the attending physician expressed his as
surance that a short time would see Mrs.
Curry on the road to health. A compli
cation arose without warning, however,
and death came within a few hours.
Thursday evening the sufferer was cheer
ful and full of hope, and those at her
bedside expressed the opinion that the
disease was passing away. Yesterday
morning Mrs. Curry suddenly became
weaker, the action of her heart Irregu
lar, her breathing laborious. It was ap
parent that a change for the worse had
taken place during the night, and the
physician was immediately summoned.
Jlis labors were fruitless, however, and
after lingering until about noon in a semi
conscious condition death relieved her.
Sorrow was carried into many homes
through the death of Mrs. Curry, bhe
was well and widely known, but none will
mourn her passing more than the host
of deputies in the office of the County
Clerk. All knew Mrs. Curry, either per
sonally or through hearing her many
friends tell of her gracious manner and
her kind and hospitable characteristics.
Mrs Curry was 34 years of age on the
first of last March. She was Miss Lilly
Seperly the daughter of one of the most
prominent families of Butte County, when
she married Mr. Curry. Besides her hus
band she leaves a son and a daughter,
and a host of friends whose whole sym
pathy goes out to them In their boreave-
m On August 25. 1896. C. M. Curry, father
of Charles F. Curry, died in the family
•Residence at 317 Oak street. A year later
his brother, W. K. Curry, was carried
from the home to the tomb, and yester
day Mrs. Curry succumbed to a dread
disease. It has left Mr. Curry heart
broken and without ambition, but his
friends are with him trying to cheer him
and in any way lessen his sorrow.
Public Administrator.
If honesty, courtesy and efficiency in
public office entitle the official to re
election, then Captain Freese's candi
dacy should result in an easy victory
for him.
As Public Administrator he has im
pressed the public with his eminent fit
ness to handle the office to which he
aspires.
He has performed his whole duty to
the people.
livery wagons, trucks and teams. Positions
will be assigned In the third division ac
cording: to order of arrival.
W. J. Kenney will have charge of
the wheelmen's division, and will have
as aids Joseph Holle. Edward Mohrlg,
J. W. Cornell, Mayland Whipple, E.
A. Hunt, John Leavitt and Elmer
Roach.
Riders not attached to any club are
especially invited to participate in the
parade. They will be provided with
lanterns and brackets This afternoon
upon application to Mr. Kenney, room
205, Examiner building, or at 531 Valen
cia street.
The riders in the Union Iron "Works
have promised a goodly attendance of
men in line.
The prizes are both valuable and nu
merous. They are offered the clubs,
Individual riders and horsemen. They
will be distributed on Wednesday
evening at the annual theater party
of the association at the Tivoll Opera
house. The judges who are intrusted
with the awarding of prizes will be
located at Grant avenue and Market
' street, where the various competitors
will pass in review.
The parade will be dismissed at
Union square, Post and Stockton
streets. An outdoor meeting will be
held here, the principal speaker being
S. M. Shortrldge.
The parade will start from Van Ness
avenue and Fulton street promptly at
8:30 o'clock. The line of march will be
to Golden Gate avenue, to Market
street, to Second, countermarch to
Stockton to Union square.
building. The officers' mess, kitchen,
laundry, quartermaster's, morgue and
many other smaller buildings that go to
make up this perfect hospital are all
to the rear of the administration build
ing. The work will be commenced next
week and will bo pushed rapidly forward.
Colonel Middleton and Mr. Wilcox will
supervise the work. As was announced
in The Call several days ago. Major Guy
Edie has been ordered here from the East
to assume charge of the hospital.
MRS. BOTKIN
IS INDICTED OH
ONE COUNT
Murder of Mrs. Dun
ning Charged.
NO MENTION OF MRS. DEANE
GRAND JURY REPORTS TO JUDGE
BELCHER.
Trial of the Accused Woman Set for
Judge Cook's Court
and Sail Re
fused.
The Grand Jury at S o'clock last even
ing returned an indictment against Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin, charging her with mur
der.
The indictment states that on or about
August 12, IS9B, In the State of Califor
nia, Mrs. Botkin did, with malice afore
thought, kill Elizabeth Dunning by pre
paring certain candies containing poison
"with the intent that the said candies
should be eaten by the said Elizabeth
Dunning, otherwise known as Mrs. John
P. Dunning, and should cause the death
of the said Elizabeth Dunning, otherwise
known as Mrs. John P. Dunning."
It is further stated in the indictment
that she mailed the package of candies
In San Francisco, and that the same were
delivered to Elizabeth Dunning in Dover,
Delaware, who ate them and died from
the effects thereof. The list of witnesses
is given as follows: I. W. Le"es. Almira
Rauoff. Louise L.Seeley, James W. Erwin,
John D. Dunnigan, Oscar A. Forster,
Frank S. Grey, David Green, Sylvia He
ney. Kittle Dettner, D. F. C. Droge,
Birdie Price, H. J. Pape, \V. W. Barnes,
Grace Harris, B. J. McVey, Thomas Price
and Lizzie A. LJvernash. No mention of
Mrs. Deane's murder is made In the in
dictment, the Grand Jury having decided
that it was sufficient to charge the mur
der of Mrs. Dunning.
Judge Belcher indorsed the indictment
and ordered the trial to be set for Judge
Cook's court. Bail was refused and a
bench warrant was issued for Mrs. Bot
kin.
The Grand Jury then adjourned to meet
next Tuesday evening to consider the
matter of bringing suits against the
bondsmen of the School Directors. Mar
tin Kelly, who was accused in the Ex
aminer of having stolen a fire engine and
shipped the same to Mexico, has employ
ed Attorney Morgenstern to press a
charge of criminal libel against W. R.
Hearst before the Grand Jury, and the
case may be considered next Tuesday.
GRAND RECEPTION
FOR A GREAT ARTIST
GATHERING IN HONOR OF T.
ALEXANDER HARRISON.
Welcomed by Distinguished Men and
Beautiful Women and Made an
Honorary Member of the
Art Institute.,
Distinguished men and beautiful women
met at the Hopkins Institute of Art last
evening, to testify their esteem of and
pay homage to T. Alexander Harrison,
the distinguished artist.
Twenty years ago Mr. Harrison was a
student at the institute, which yesterday
evening put on its gala attire to do him
honor. He left a medal pupil to complete
his artistic studies abroad, and returns
famous throughout the continent as well
as in his native home.
Jo!»eph D. Grant, president of the Art
Institute, introduced Mr. Harrison last
evening, and his greeting was a eulogis
tic recital of the fame the artist had won.
At the conclusion of his neat little speech
Mr. Grant presented Mr. Harrison with a
certificate, making the celebrated artist
an honorary member of the Art Institute.
Mr. Harrison's response to his warm
greeting was a delicate mingling of pathos
and humor.
He spoke in tender tones of his old
teacher, Virgil Williams, and descanted
on the great changes twenty years had
wrought in the condition of the city artis
tically as well as commercially. Mr. Har
rison was followed by Horace Platt and
Irving' M. Scott, who made brief remarks
appropriate to the occasion. ?
An informal reception followed and the
several hundred guests assembled found
time to admire the many excellent pic
tures on exhibition from the brush of
Rollo Peters. I,atimer. Keith, Strong,
Mrs. Chittenden and Miss Lottie Colby
and others.
The music under the direction of Henry
Heyman was one of the attractive fea
tures of the evening.
T. F. Bonnet.
Town Talk has the popular candidate
for Sheriff as its title page portrait this
week, and his claims for political recog
nition are treated editorially. S. J. San
dy, H. Daw-Kerrell, Captain Freese and
others are pictured within. L. E. Phillips
has a satirical story, and Alice Ziska a
French translation. The Graphologist de
lineates characters by handwriting, and
Mary Frances Francis writes of musical
matters. The Frawleys in "The Prisoner
of Zenda" and other stage critiques are
of interest, while the society news and
reports of the week's lectures are more
than readable. •
Holy Cross Fair To-Night.
Holy Cross fair, at Native Sons' Hall,
promises some special attractions to
night. It will be the special evening of St.
Francis Xavier booth. Brother Jose of
Sacred Heart will be present with his or
chestra and Master Russell Lawry, the
California barytone, will sins.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT la
recommended by physicians for family And
medicinal use because It is pure.
Walter Bosser's Trial Set.
Walter Rosser, murderer of Henry Hll
debrand, was up before Judge Wallace
yesterday for arraignment. After the in
formation had been read the prisoner en
tered a plea of not guilty, and Judge Wal
lace set the trial for November 2L
. ADVEBTISEMENTS. \ _______
I®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® 00 ® 00 ® 00 ®
i SUBSTANTIAL SAVINGS I
® I THIS OMY I I THl^d I 1
l\ wfs&o.l ...in... ■j.Bvgaa.o^l g
I SEASONABLE GOODS!!
® " %
% We close this month of the fall season , with : a list of ©
© SPECIAL OFFERINGS that will forcibly emphasize the fact that ; ®
| our UNEQUALED NEW FALL STOCK offers ®
I THE STRONGEST VALUES IN THE MARKET! |
® -- - ©
® MEN'S FURNISHINGS. •-. . _ :® .
® ©
© -A.t 1O Cents. ®
© 150 dozen MEN'S HEAVY WOOL. SOCKS, full finished and in sanitary q
© Gray color; extra value for $1 80 dozen; -will be offered at 10c pair. ~
® "':.,■ J±t 75 Cents. 2
® 45 dozen MEN'S LAUNDERED CHEVIOT AND PERCALE SHIRTS. ®
© made up in the latest style, with link cuffs to each; good value for ® •
© >$1 25; will be offered at 75c each. © .
® "ZH Cents Each. ® '
® LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS; regular Sf
® value $1 50 dozen; on special sale at 7^c each. w _
a\ ©i
® S Cents Each. ®
© LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS; regular ®
r^ value $1 dozen; on special sale at 5c each. ©
® LEATHER BELTS, BELT BUCKLES AND BELT SET.* I
x- ® .
® LADIES' LEATHER BELTS 15c each; regular price 25c each. >y.
© <J
(i) LADIES' BELT BUCKLES AND BELT SETS, In steel, gilt and oxl- ©
p. dized at 40c, 60c, 60c, 75c and $1 set; regularly worth from $125 to ©
® $2 50 'set. - ©
| RIBBONS. RIBBONS* %
® -A.t IT* Cents Yard. ®
® 300 pieces NO 16 COLORED MOIRE RIBBON, extra fine quality, all
© silk, in an elegant assortment of shades; worth 25c yard; will be
© offered at 17% c yard. • > •■ 5
® Jut SO Cents Yard:' r; - ©
5 200 pieces NO. 60 BLACK SATIN AND'GROSaRAIN SASH RIBBON, 4 ©
® inches wide, all silk; worth 35c yard;- 1 will be offered at-20c. yard,- ©
| LADIES WAISTS, 7 ©
® * J±t 35 Cents. .<®
® LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAIST, yoke back, blouse front ;-regu— ®
® lar price $1; will be placed on sale at 35c — . ®
© JisJt SO Cents. • ? •
© LADIES' FINE QUALITY PERCALE AND GINGHAM - SHIRT )l
/^ WAISTS, latest style make; regular price $1 25; will be placed on (
0- • sale at 50c. ,_ . ®
| SOFA PILLOWS. I
• At $1.50. ©
ir: HANDSOME SILK AND SATIN SOFA PILLOWS, hand painted, fin- >;
® lshed'with cord and double ruffle of silk; regular price $3 50; will w
<S be placed on sale at $150. ." . ■ © .
© SPECIAL!— KID GLOVES. |
I © -At 75 Cents a Fair. . . ®-
® 50 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HAVARD" PRIME LAMB GLOVES, col- %
7i ors, red, tan, brown, green; blue, heliotrope and white, also black; ®
® regular value $1; will be on sale at '" 75c a pair c .-. fKvery nair suar- ®
® anteed.) ■ . ■'. ■ '. - ; 5 . © •
© .: '_: :.:. -._.. =: ■■ '■•: ©
I [jlm Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / ®
® \J U San Francisco/ / ®
©© ©©©©©©©©©©©©© © ffl ©^ ©®®®®©©©©©©©©©©©
SANTA FE ROAD
IS COMPELLED
TO PAY ALL
Some Mooted Points
Settled.
POSITION OF VALLEY ROAD
STOCKHOLDEBS WILL GET CASH
BY JANUARY 1.
No Determination Yet Beached Con
cerning Proposed Trackage Ar
rangement Between A*
T. and S. F. and S. P.
E. P. Ripley, president of the Atchison,
Topeka & Santa Fe, yesterday gave much
additional information concerning the
plans of his road, and settled, so far as
possible, several mooted questions.
As regards a positive decision as to th.c
Santa Fe option with the Valley Road,
Mr. Ripley said:
"A decision has practically been reached
already through the action of our direc
tors, but will be confirmed at the annual
meeting of stockholders to take place at
Topeka, on December 8."
"When and how will the Valley Road
stockholders, who have already placed
their stock in escrow, be paid?"
"They will be paid on or before Janu
ary 1, in cash. Those who have not al
ready come in, representing about 2400
shares, will be allowed a reasonable
length of time in which to deposit their
shares; but the offer will not be held
open indefinitely. ... __-
"We are compelled by positive agree
ment to pay all stockholders who come in
before January 1 full par value for their
St "Should any of the stockholders decline
to put their stock in escrow, they will
hold it as if we had not come Into the
matter at all, and get dividends on it. If
any are earned. Their stock will not be
consolidated with ours n any event-in
other words, so far as its stock is con
cerned the Valley Road must always re
main a separate organization.
"How about your proposed arrangement
wtth the Southern Pacific for the use of
its tracks between Majave and Baker>-
has been determined as yet.
It is still in the air. with prospects
against it. I do not even know when it
will be further considered.
"Have you come to any conclus on as
vet in regard to your terminal facilities?"
"t havf examined the whole bay and
water front on both sides, but am not
prepared to make any statement In the
matter The Port Richmond terminal is,
however, settled upon definitely; and we
will have a fern' boat ready by the time
we get In here.'
WILL BE EVER LET GO!
Of -what he has taken? If you think
he will you don't know him! And when
a man has found a laundry that will
turn his linen out In such perfect
beauty of color and exquisite finish as
is done at the United States Laundry
you couldn't drive him away from it
with a new ax! We are proud of our
fine laundry work, and know that It ia
beyond competition.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
GOOD COOKS
HAVE USED IT
EDBSO YEARS
MERRILL'S
X PERFECTLY PURE,,,,
i MAKING POWDER j
ONCE TRIED !
[__ AL WAYS USEDJ
— _ _
See San Francisco
as the birds see it.
Full course French din-
ner, $i; lunch, 75c.
Sprockets RotUsorte, 15th Floor, Call building.